The spicy fried chicken was delicious, the collard greens may be better than mine, and the biscuits were perfect! I grew up in South GA and I know good Southern food. No one has come close to being like my grandmother's until Redcrest! Soooooo good!i ordered a quarter size of the white meat chicken (spicy) meal. it came with a biscuit and a side (cole slaw) - no drink - for $8. not bad price for a small business. i also had the mashed potatoes. 
everything was made to order - fresh & hot. got my meal pretty fast too! biscuit was yummmyyy - wish it was bigger though.
i would improve on flavor. mashed potatoes didn't have enough gravy for its size. the spicy chicken seasoning could have more zest. cole slaw was alright. i tried their ranch sauce and it tasted like mayo with cayenne. 
overall - not bad, i just would like more punch to the flavor !Pretty sure this was the best fried chicken I've ever had! The biscuits were awesome, and I tried my son's popcorn chicken.. yum! This quaint little chicken place is all about high quality food and friendly service. We'll be back soon!This place is absolutely fantastic. My husband and I split a 4 piece and got mashed potatoes, coleslaw, biscuit, buffalo sauce, and spicy honey sauce. Everything was 100% on point except for the honey sauce which wasn't spicy and was just honey, but I don't even care because everything else was so fantastic. Friendly staff, wonderful price point. The portion size is on the smaller size so we'll probably get the half size next time. Please support this new local business!Great food and service! Recommend you go early to sample some great fare. Highly recommend the Redcrest chicken sandwich (buttermilk fried chicken, spicy mayo, and romaine lettuce)Just tried the vegan buttermilk sandwich which was pretty decent, really great sauce and bun and it tasted and had the texture of any regular veggie patty. I was looking for more of a chicken-y vibe. 
I am a huuuuuge mashed potato fan and was really exited to try theirs and I was very disappointed. Gravy was super basic and thin, the mashed reminded me of a boxed mix. Not salty enough. Another reason for not 5 stars. 
Biscuit was SUPER TINY and kind of dry with no butter. 
They buttermilk ranch sauce was bangin but the container was legit half full. People notice that stuff. 
It was cool they called me to let me know the gravy had meat grounded into it so that's a plus. 
Overall I'll prob go back and put my diet aside to try the real chicken buttermilk sandwich cuz I'm sure it's as good as it looks. 
Delivery was great also!Me, to my boyfriend: Yo, this sandwich is f*cked up good.
Line cook: How's everything tasting?
Me, loudly in front of entire restaurant: F*CKED UP GOOD
Pros: Vegan options that don't taste like a "good enough" substitution, friendly staff, killer 77 and power pop music blaring, very reasonable prices (especially given the area)
Cons: None of my pants will fit in approximately 6-8 weeks. Also, wish there were more vegan sides and sauce optionsI was excited to try here! Total disappointment. Not hot, had a rubbery piece of chicken, was expensive and wasn't even a bountiful sandwich at all. Disappointed, hope it gets better.I'm so into this place! I love ordering the fried chicken meal with mashed potatoes and collard greens! Their chicken is so crispy and savory! The greens are so tangy and the perfect amount of garlic! I really like the potatoes but my husband says they taste a little like box mix but I like that kinda thing! Everyone there is so friendly and the service is very speedy!Stopped in on Super Bowk Day and they were slammed with party orders. The staff was very friendly and the food was awesome. Chicken was juicy, crispy and tasty. Biscuit was excellent. Not quite as good as my NC grandmom's but no biscuit has ever been. Fries were hot and crispy. Highly recommend.  Welcome to South Phila.This place is lame.  Very limited menu options.  Lots of times the are out of many things.  Better than fast food, but why go here when there are so many other places right around the cornerRainy day today. Walked up to Passyunk Ave and had lunch at the new fried chicken takeout place Redcrest.
We ordered a chicken sandwich, popcorn chicken, fries and a biscuit. 
Buttermilk biscuits made with butter. Tender, fluffy, yummy. Very tender and moist chicken. Good fries. 
They opened a week ago. 1-hour wait for multi-piece orders of chicken or wings, due to large orders for pre-Super Bowl parties.
Owners and staff friendly and attentive.I just had the red crest chicken sandwich. The service was top notch; everyone was friendly, everyone spoke. The bread was good at not drawing any attention away from the chicken, it had just the right amount of spicy mayo, and the chicken had a good crust. It wasn't best chicken sandwich I ever had, but was def above average.Awesome, and worth the line. Chicken is delicious (had the ranch) and the biscuits are amazing.Amazing!   Go here now.   Stop what you're doing and get food here!   I'm serious.   Best fried chicken I've ever had.  And the people who work here are so nice!!!We went around 4pm on a Sunday for late snack, so there was hardly any wait. Delicious fried chicken, perfectly crispy and juicy. The biscuit, fries, and mashed potatoes were also very good. They make their own hot sauce too!The two owners, who are both named Adam are the ABSOLUTE BEST! I ordered my food through grubhub, and the grubhub drivers refused to go pick up my order and deliver it to me because I opted to tip them in cash. The owners called me every 30 minutes to give me an update on my order. After over an hour and a half of waiting for a driver to go their restaurant to pick up my food, one of them hopped in an uber to deliver my food and told me to cancel my order with grubhub because my order was on the house. I've never had such fantastic customer service from a restaurant. They went above and beyond to solve a problem they didn't create! Also the food is fantastic! 
TLDR: The owners are AMAZING, the food is FANTASTIC, & Grubhub SUCKS!This place is absolutely fantastic. My husband and I split a 4 piece and got mashed potatoes, coleslaw, biscuit, buffalo sauce, and spicy honey sauce. Everything was 100% on point except for the honey sauce which wasn't spicy and was just honey, but I don't even care because everything else was so fantastic. Friendly staff, wonderful price point. The portion size is on the smaller size so we'll probably get the half size next time. Please support this new local business!Good, clean, nice menu, nice staff. Not sure if it was because they were just opening but I found the chicken to have a lack of seasoning according to what I'm used to. The crunch and juiciness was there but a spark was missing ....Couldn't wait to try their chicken. I ordered 1/2 chicken meal with corn pudding as my side.  The corn pudding was slightly bland to my surprise as I expected it to be on the sweet side.  Still good. The chicken was very good.  Very tender the crust was crispy but was too easy to slip off.  I got the spicy and was not hot spicy at all.  Good value for the meals but wish they had more drink options and free refills.  It was good but not great.This place is an excellent addition to the avenue. It's affordable, open late, and delicious. 
The food is crispy fried chicken, sandwiches, and a few selected sides. Everything I've had so far (in the first week they've been open) has been great. If I had to pick on something it would be the lack of seating (place is tiny) and the lack of salt (or something) on the fried chicken. 
Either way, I'm always down for some fried chicken.Great chicken, awesome addition to the neighborhood. Much needed! Only thing, I was disappointed in the size of the sides. The mashed potatoes were great, but a large is a pretty average amount for one person to eat. Definitely not enough for two.Probably the best fried chicken I've ever had. The atmosphere is great, the people are super friendly. Not only is the chicken bomb, but I'd come here just for the sides too. The mashed potatoes are on point!! 100% would recommend getting lunch hereChecked out this place when I was in Philly a few weeks back. I was drawn in by the line that was almost out the door and wondered why people would line up for fried chicken...lo and behold- it's literally the best fried chicken, ever. 
The spicy fried chicken is something that I wish I could share with the entire world. Their sides are bomb too, my group got a mix of stuff to take out and nothing was disappointing. 
This is a great option to grab and go for a picnic, fast service, super friendly staff, and the most amazing food. Open one in CA next please!!I live in the Passyunk Square area and my neighbors have been raving about Redcrest fried chicken. I finally tried it myself today.
I ordered the 1/4 Light Spicy meal with a side of fries and the buttermilk ranch via Grubhub.
The chicken meat itself was fall-of-the-bone goodness. I think it's the most tender, juicy, delicious, perfectly cooked chicken I've ever had. The fries were good (as good as fries can be when delivered) and the buttermilk ranch is really tasty. 
My only criticism is the spicy chicken is NOT spicy. I will admit, after living in Nashville for five years, I had very high hopes that this would satisfy my Hot Chicken cravings. Unfortunately, on a scale from Southern to Fire, this is maybe Southern plus a sprinkle of black pepper.
That being said, I'd definitely order from Redcrest again. I'll add my own cayenne.Let me start off this review with the fact that I really wanted to love Redcrest. I think Passyunk Avenue needs more casual, but delicious eateries to balance the more higher-end restaurants along the strip. 
I love fried chicken and was excited to welcome another one to the neighborhood as Federal Chicken is out of the way and definitely not a favorite of mine. 
My Order: Spicy Chicken sandwich and the Original Buttermilk sandwich. 
While the chicken was juicy and the breading was crispy, I felt it lacked flavor and the toppings were miniscule and sad, at best. For $7, it isn't bad for a quick meal or if you're in the neighborhood. However, there wasn't much to get excited about and the 40 min wait for two sandwishes definitely made the whole experience thoroughly underwhelming. 
I would like to go back in a few months to try their other items once they find their groove.New fried chicken place on Passayunk because just what I need another place to eat food I shouldn't near me  The chicken is to die for. Super flavorful. Large amounts of food for very good prices! The sides were just ok. Most of them are pre made.
Mostly a to go place unless you want to eat outside or at the small area inside. All in all a great addition to the neighborhood!This Chicken is the bomb. It's crispy and flavorful, and a great price too! The honey hot sauce is soooo good. Oh and the biscuits? Delicious! They don't fall apart and are perfect with the chicken. I tried the sides, they were good but definitely weren't a match to the chicken. Would be great to have more side options too. Looking forward to trying the ice cream on my next visit!Ordered popcorn chicken....no biscuit was in order and over priced for the amount of chicken, also the spicy honey sauce was basically just honey. No impressed....bring back Jade Garden.Some of the best fried chicken you're going to find anywhere.  The line wraps around the block for a reason!  They're open late (except when they completely sell out) and this is because the food is INCREDIBLE!!!!It started off so good, but the quality and service have dropped off considerably. My last two visits have been underwhelming. Went with friends and although we liked the chicken the first few visits, lately we have found it to lack seasoning and the batter seemed kind of gooey. The spicy and regular just aren't spicy. In addition, the corn pudding, mashed potatoes and greens were good at first, but the corn pudding is now dry, potatoes less tasty and collard greens too vinegary. It doesn't help that my orders have been wrong on my last two visits and I didn't get all items ordered. I am hopeful that it will get better again as I like to support local restaurants, but honestly the fried chicken I have gotten from Acme and Popeyes of late is much superior.  I really want to like them as we need more casual eateries in the neighborhood.This place is an excellent addition to the avenue. It's affordable, open late, and delicious. 
The food is crispy fried chicken, sandwiches, and a few selected sides. Everything I've had so far (in the first week they've been open) has been great. If I had to pick on something it would be the lack of seating (place is tiny) and the lack of salt (or something) on the fried chicken. 
Either way, I'm always down for some fried chickenI couldn't wait to check this place out and was completely disappointed. First, walked home with my order which was missing my sandwich after I verbally confirmed that my order was complete before walking out. I ordered Buffalo chicken sandwich, popcorn chicken, mashed, fries and biscuits. The chicken was ALL DARK MEAT... on a chicken sandwich and popcorn chicken I feel like they should call that out. Instead of a juicy bite, it was a stringy, tough piece of meat on my sandwich roll. It was basically tasteless less the buffalo sauce which was mediocre at best. Fries were good, mashed had no flavor and biscuit was dense as opposed to light and fluffy. I was super excited to check this place out and was really let down.... do not recommend.I heard about this place yesterday and got excited. There aren't maybe fried chicken places in the area that you can walk too, so I knew I had to try. Not only is it on passyunk and tasker, but it's right across from the fountain. (Library stand is right there) thats such a great few, you sit outside or sit near the fountain and eat. The staff was very friendly. I like to ask a lot of questions and they were able to answer them all. We wanted a fresh batch of chicken it took maybe 15 minutes but I didn't mind the wait for freshness. They brought us our food outside for us to eat which was great! Everything looked so good before we even ate. We ordered two quarter wing and breast mashed potatoes collard greens and a salad with I believe thyme vinaigrette. The salad was so good and the vinaigrette was on point! I ate all of the biscuit first. Nice and crispy on he outside fluffy on the inside, it looks small but it's perfect size for the amount of food I had. The greens had a nice kick to them and I love spicy food. The mashed potatoes were a little thick, I could of used more gravy but the gravy tasted like homemade chicken gravy something you would have during holidays so it made up for the thickness. The chicken skin was so crispy and then the meat was so juicy it was just perfect. I plan to go again! While sitting there were people coming and going someone walking even gave me a thumbs up asking if it was good two bites in I told him it was great because I already knew this was a place I'll be coming too often. I'm a huge Mac and cheese lover so maybe one day they will have baked macaroni and then they will have a customer for life. We took an order home as well for my husband and he had four pieces of chicken mash potatoes and greens. He couldn't finish the greens they were a bit too spicy for him so I ate those for brunch with an omelette! Perfect!Two friends and I stopped in for a casual lunch on a weekday afternoon and we were pleasantly greeted as soon as we walked in the door by a very nice woman who worked the register that day. 
I decided on a buttermilk style chicken sandwich combo with a side of collard greens.
The food took a little longer to come out than I expected, but only because the chicken was fried to order: a very impressive feat for this small place that is clearly dedicated to the craft!
The buttermilk chicken sandwich was very good! From what I gather, Redcrest only uses thighs for their sandwiches which should earn immediate props from any self respecting chicken fanatic. In time, the thighs came out hot and incredibly crisp with an audible crunch. Excellent! The bun was soft and piled high with crisp and sour pickles and enough lettuce to keep you interested. My only suggestion would be to add slightly more sauce to the burger! I was really excited to try the garlicky sauce but I don't think I could taste it! Ask for extra sauce-- maybe even on the side. 
The collard greens were tender and packed with porky goodness. I watched these babies come out of a bubbling pot right behind the line too. Super yummy.
Everything came to $12. 
Overall, I think Redcrest did a bang-up job with their chicken sandwich! I don't think it was the best I've ever had, but this spot suffices to satisfy those salty, crispy, juicy cravings right down here on Passyunk.Chicken was dry and bland, sides were small and had no flavor, and you could spend half the cost for better fried chicken at KFC. They also forgot my sauces and it took forever to get my food. No go.Ok. I wanted to give a 4.5 but there's no option so here we go. 
As a lover of good fried chicken, i found out this place opened and decided to try it next time i was in the mood, and that day was today. There is a real lack of good fried chicken in South Philly so i made it a point to go. 
Where to start...Ok, walked in and the place was very clean, if you care about that sort of thing, I don't. I'm here to get something to eat, not move in. The staff was super friendly, also if you care about that stuff, i also don't. You can tell me to go F myself every time i walk in a place if the food is that good, and i'll walk back in and out the door smiling every time. So extremely clean and friendly, yadda yadda yadda. Onto the important stuff....
Food. I got a quarter dark spicy combo with greens. Also ordered a chicken finger platter with a side of mashed, with that combo i got the garlic aioli and spicy honey (more on this later)
Chicken: A+, 5/5, 2 gold star stickers, whatever other scale you measure things on, absolutely delicious. Fried chicken done right. The skin perfectly seasoned and the meat fresh and juicy. Flavor was perfect, texture perfect, everything. Can't say a bad thing about either the pieces of the fingers. Beautiful. 
Sides: Well the greens were good not great. I ate them, wouldn't complain but i also wouldn't get seconds. The mashed potatoes, forgetful at best. How is the chicken seasoned so perfectly and the taters fall flat?? I don't get it. Maybe i got there before the potato guy clocked in?? I don't know, whatever it was they were flat bland. Didn't taste bad, they just didn't taste at all. 
Biscuits: Really good, above average. Got 2 with the platter and wanted 4. Think the review ends there?? Nope, remember that spicy honey i told you about earlier? Yea, if you don't order a side of that, and just drizzle that on those biscuits before you indulge, not only are you doing yourself a disservice, but you're practically dishonoring your family. Seriously, It's that damn good. Do it and thank me later, or don't...i don't care or you can tell me to go F myself. Either way i'm still going back.I really enjoyed the chicken. It was crunchy on the outside and juicy on the inside.  The biscuits were amazing!Well butter my biscuit and call me Sandy.
I love the chicken here! Try the peanut butter burrito...if they don't run out. 
Service is top notch. The bow ties are a cute touch :)Everything on the menu is a religious experience. Please order from this place if you love yourself. Chicken sandwiches are great, I'd highly recommend loading up on biscuits. So thankful this is down the street from my house.I know they are working out the kinks as any new restaurant has to do.
sampled all the sides, all the sandwiches and the fried chicken.  
Sides: You will hard pressed to find a fast casual concept with better sides (Corn Pudding, Biscuits are off the charts).  Mashed potatoes, Fries and Coleslaw are all solid
Sandwiches: I had all 4: Again for the price point: The Buffalo, BBQ & Redcrest were all fantastic.  Buttermilk was solid
Fried Chicken: was very tender and tasty, but would agree its needs to have a little more flavor.
I'm going to give a 5 star review because the sides/sandwiches are far above what you get at this price point anywhere else.  A little more flavor on the fried chicken is needed!Would of earned 5 stars because the chicken is terrific. My only complaint portions a bit small for the price. But wonderful FOOD!First time here, chicken was well cooked but I was underwhelmed by the breading, perhaps next time I'll try the spicy.  It definitely was lacking something.  Corn pudding is more properly a muffin with corn in it.  Fries were good.  Bread pudding was meh.  My wife on the other hand loved it, but I'm writing the review!  I will give it several more tries.10/10 would recommend to a friend. Me and the old lady got quarter and a 1/2 meals. Spicy and reg. Chicken is fried fresh. We also got garlic aioli and apocy honey sauce on the side. He gave us a time frame of when it will be done, about 17-18 mins, the cashier was def a veteran in the industry w those types of numbers. But of course he was on point! The biscuits were like you were biting into a crunchy cloud! The workers were all kind and friendly opposed to other new chicken spots in the area. Street parking on a sunday was pretty decent as wellGreat location. Great service . Great Sandwich.  I ordered the redcrest sandwich and added spicy pickles and it was a damn tasty sandy.
They let the ingredients shine and I will definitely come back for another concoction or the fried chicken itself. Another awesome addition to PassyunkI ordered the buffalo bleu cheese chicken sandwich. Awful. It was a sloppy mess. Not impressed with the sauce. The chicken was oozing in grease. Disgusting.Really wanted to love this place. I've been here twice now and the chicken has gotten better but the sides need work. Probably one of the worst biscuits I've ever had, and that really really pains me to say. The chicken (spicy) is really flavorful and tender though. Pricing is spot on as well. Really hope they work it out because I love the idea of fast casual but great food in South Philly!Ugh. I love fried chicken specially buttermilk fried chicken sandwiches so I was super excited to try this. We got the popcorn chicken and then the barbecue chicken sandwich. Two bites and it went all in the garbage. Slimy dark meat chicken. I was expecting white meat in chicken breast sandwich at the very least. Felt under cooked and rubbery. 
I will not be straying from Love and Honey Fried chicken or wishbone again. This was simply terrible.Bought the popcorn chicken and sandwich. To my surprise biting into the sandwich, the chicken was dark meat. I was expecting white meat. The meat was moist and tender as dark meat should be. I asked if they could make it with a breast amd was told no. Well, to le liking I prefer white as a sandwich as most places are. That was bummer for me and for that I wouldn't buy it again. The sauce (garlic mayo) was really tasty. 
The popcorn chicken was also dark meat. The breading wasn't to flavorful. I'm not a salt person at all but that is what it needed. The ranch we had with wasn't ordinary, not bad and nothing to rave about. 
Would I go back, maybe to try the breast meat. Otherwise there's no rush. 4 stars for the service and moist meat. 2 stars for the flavor of the chicken. Average 3 stars.Bangers all I gotta say. Great food a little pricey but if you want good food you gotta pay. Just what this neighborhood needed. Whoever thought of opening this place is a geniusjawn looked lowkey scary bc the people working there whoops. minus the creepiness the chicken was really good and the fries were tight so yea.I went to Philly FOUR MONTHS AGO and their chicken sandwich is still on my mind (hence why I'm here ogling at pictures and writing a review). I am honestly convinced that this may have been the best chicken sandwich I will ever have in my life (SouthxSouthwest) and the sides were also amazing. Great chicken place all around definitely worth the stop.There's legit NO BETTER PLACE to get a fried chicken sandwich in the actual world. These things are so freaking good they make me weep tears of foodie joy. 
The sides are also delicious.Vegan/veg fried chicken? Hell yeah! Super good, friendly owner, and great sides. These guys care about what they do and they do it well. Eat this food, you won't regret it. I had the veggie Buffalo and could have eaten two - so yummy. The bread pudding was super tasty and the corn salad side was fresh and delicious. Try it out - tell your friends!Really really good fried chicken. 2 people went with the whole meal- pieces with 2 sides and 2 biscuits. Options were spicy or plain so had half and half which was the perfect choice. The salad was super fresh but really just lettuce with a tasty dressing. The biscuit was awesome. Sides also chosen- mashed potato, greens, cole slaw. I'm not even a fan of cole slaw but the spicy pepper and whole grain mustard were a great tasty combo. 
Took about 15 minutes- ran over to Stateside for an old fashion cocktail for HH while we waited.Truly disappointed. Wanted to love this place so much. The chicken sandwich was soggy, dark meat huge disappointment couldn't even finish it. The mash potatoes were instant made, even a bigger disappointment.So, as usual, food was over the top!!!  Even re-heated amazingly, first class!
Unfortunately, the delivery person was an animal, but the restaurant can't do anything about that, this creature was a Grubhub pick and will surely be behind bars in a very short while.this place is fantastic. simple set up, good service, superior food.
the chicken is well seasoned and cooked perfectly. It's not greasy at all and the meat is tender & delicious.
If I'm in the area, I will hit this place up.I got a quarter of buttermilk fried chicken with a biscuit and mashed potatoes. My total was around 8 dollars, which was about right for how much food I got. The chicken was delicious: moist with an awesome crunch. Same goes for the biscuit and the mashed potatoes with gravy was great. I'll be excited to try the sandwiches.
Their expected hours are also exciting, I'm looking forward to having a quick, affordable, late night option on the avenue.Shared half a fried chicken (spicy) and a buffalo chicken sandwich with the bf...I thought the spicy fried chicken was really tasty until I tried the buffalo chicken sandwich, at which point I just wanted to continue eating the sandwich. I think a side sauce for the fried chicken would have been good to balance out the flavor of the fried chicken, which becomes monotonous after a couple bites. A side sauce would have also been nice for those instances when you take a big bite and take in all the fried skin (which holds almost all of the seasoning and flavor). 
I agree with other reviewers that the Cole slaw is nothing special, and I found it rather bland. 
I would go back for another buffalo chicken sandwich!The redcrest is by far the best fried chicken sandwich I've ever had!! Their spicy fried chicken is amazing as well!!This place is great! Good biscuits, sides, and excellent chicken. 
Shout-out to the guy who reviewed them poorly because the chicken was "dark meat":
Its for moist juicy chicken, but if you need it to be while why didn't you ask first big guy? Or #gotoKFCWow! Wow! Delicious! I came here on a Monday night (04/23) and the food was so amazing!!!!!!  The 2 guys behind the counter was really helpful and sweet! I ordered the half meal with 1 side and added an extra side.  I got the chicken spicy and collard greens and mash potatoes and as I'm typing this, I'm stuffing my face with their food. It is soooooooo yummy. One of the best fried chicken I have ever tasted. I can not wait to go back!The fried chicken is delicious. Period. Really nothing more to say.  It is well seasoned. Always arrives hot upon delivery and the portions are decent (well I think the mashed potatoes should be bigger since you can buy an entire bag of potatoes for $4 or less but they are tasty and well seasoned).  My only suggestion would be to ask that they offer different sizes for the sides instead of one size (which is all that appears on the Yelp menu).  If ever I need to cater an event of which fried chicken is on the menu, I would definitely order from Redcrest.Redcrest is a solid decision if you're in the mood for fried chicken. First and foremost the staff are beyond friendly. From the girl at the register to the cook, very very nice people. 
Redcrest is a nice spot. The restaurant itself is immaculate and simple. Mostly takeout with very few high top seats. They are open late and have a nice menu. I went with the buttermilk chicken sandwich and a side of cole slaw. The chicken is cooked fresh so there can be a bit of a wait, that's fine by me. The bun was perfectly toasted. The pickles were perfect! The garlic aioli was nice compliment to the chicken. The chicken itself while fried nice, had nice crunch was thinner than I expected. I thought for sure they would use breast meat but it's thigh. While I do prefer a chicken breast on a sandwich, the thigh was almost perfect. The cole slaw was delicious. It wasn't overly dressed. It was still very crunch and had a nice kick to it. Tastes like a spicy mustard which is different but it works. 
I would highly recommend Redcrest to anyone in the mood for chicken. I'll be a repeat customer for sure. Can't wait to try more off the menu. Solid 4 stars 
Side not: It is South Philly so parking can be tough..Great chicken in south philly   I definitely recommend you try it. #humbled #blessed #smallhornestyle #diewithmemoriesnotdreams #redcrestfriedchicken #shoutout to the owner Adam for a great meal this morning #philly #qualitytime #familyfirst Adam you made the difference for my family this morning, thank you again my brother.My son and I stopped by for some takeout last week. The counter woman was amazingly friendly. My son ordered a two piece chicken meal with a biscuit and fries. He also asked for a side of gravy. Everything was delicious! The chicken was moist, perfectly seasoned, crunchy  and piping hot. The biscuits were thick and buttery and obviously hand made. The best part was the gravy. It wasn't the typical "brown gravy" you'd get at a fast food joint. It was more of a chicken gravy (as it should be). I'm getting hungry just thinking about it. This place is the real deal!Not bad but not special.  Only 3 stars because the items i got (buttermilk chicken sandwich, coleslaw, corn) were not the best neither was the bum used.  The chicken breading is good so i think you will like it better if you like the breading to stick out flavor wise.  Would maybe recommend the chicken pieces instead of a sandwich.  I did really enjoy the biscuits as they were fresh, warm, tasty (might be top 5 of all time for me).  
Place is a grab and go, with limited seating.
Will check it out again and update my rating if the experience is better (could have been a 4 too but was leaning more towards a 3.4 grade so rounded down...sorry)I love their food, exceptional fried chicken, mashed potatoes, biscuits, and chicken fingers were great!I took off work  the Friday after July 4th and planned to go to the shore. However the weather didn't look too great so we didn't go but I wanted to do something. I decided to come here since my husband would never want to go on a weekend. 
I was surprised it was so crowded on a weekday afternoon. Maybe other people took off work too or just came during their lunch hour? We split a whole chicken so that way we could each get 1  of each chicken part to try and just take some home if there was leftovers. 
We were waiting for a good amount of time. Others who ordered after us got their food before us. Maybe ours took longer because it was a whole meal and others just got sandwiches. There's not much seating either, we were lucky to grab a spot at the counter. 
They gave us an extra biscuit for the wait which was nice. The biscuits looked and tasted more like rolls to me, but they were still good. The fried chicken was great, very crispy on the outside and moist and flavorful on the inside. The collard greens were a little spicy but had a good smoky flavor to it. The corn pudding was ok, tasted like cornbread. 
My husband thinks this is possibly the best fried chicken he's ever had. It was very good, but best I don't know. It was a solid meal though and I would come back sometime.I really wanted to love this place but it wasn't anything to write home about. Serving sizes are way small. Mashed potatoes taste like hospital food. Chicken was ok but I did enjoy the corn pudding and biscuits.I happened to walk through my hood and I see this open- whoa, I LOVE FRIED CHICKEN so why not? 
Big regret. Chicken was so gamey. The pickle with it had a bad after taste. Even the potato bun with it was unappetizing. It was horrible. I tried to see if my daughter would like it- thought it was my picky tastebuds- but I couldn't even shred it for her- it was sooo tough. I dumped the whole meal at the nearby park. Shame. I was excited to patron this place more often.I heard about Redcrest from some news articles.  Foobooz or eater...  I don't remember where, but I remembered I was excited for this place.  Having to be in South Philly today for a volunteer event st Philabundence, I realized I needed food before I start...  Where to go?  I don't want chicken, I had that twice yesterday...  Hmm...  Oh!  Redcrest!  Let's do chicken!  
I show up and order my food.  While I wait for the food to cook, I spoke with the cashier.  Incredibly friendly and before you know it, my food was up.  I looked over my quarter dark meal with a biscuit, mashed potatoes and a lemonade.  It looked good, but I was keeping my expectations low...  I saw steam and my brain said don't eat that yet...  My eyes said, do it...  I did it...  Nike would be proud...  
Crunch...  My eyes widened as I heard the sound.  The seasoning hit my tongue and I was very happy.  A moist bite of perfectly cooked fried chicken....   My mind went blank...  Is this the best fried chicken I've ever had?  It can't be?  I have to be forgetting somewhere else...  It doesn't matter, they are all dead to me now...  I can apologize later if I "remember" a better perfect bite.  That's what Redcrest was to me.  The perfect bite of fried chicken.  Seriously, I've had more flavorful chicken that was dry.  I've had crisper chicken that was dry.  Ive had the moistest chicken ever with no flavor...  Redcrest gave me the perfect bite and I'm forever grateful.  
A few mistakes... On me, not them...  Well maybe them for not telling me to get a whole chicken, since it's so good...  I fear I should have gotten a different side.  Corn pudding?  I want that...  My wife is going to read this and tell me this is why you stare at the menu for seventeen minutes when it's your turn at the counter, so you don't make this mistake.  Should I have gotten spicy chicken?  Would it have been as good or satisfying?  I can handle heat, but I love a nice blend of heat that compliments rather than over powers, especially when this product is already so good.  
I let them know how much I loved this, because they asked me by name how my food was while eating it.  Whatever I told them, when they snapped me out of a food coma, doesn't do this chicken justice.  It was a great biscuit too.  I'm hard to please with biscuits and chicken, but this is my new favorite place.  I'll be back...  I think my lunch hour will have to start while eating though.  Not when I leave.  It's a bit of a drive, but it's worth it!Chicken was crunchy and moist, but overall too greasy, especially at the bottom of the container where the grease pooled together. I would revisit only if they were less greasy.I love there vegan sandwich! They are hands down the best! Wonderful customer service and the fries are to die for! I also love to come here and get their vegan soft serve ice cream with of course jimmies on it! Grab a sandwhich and sit by the fountain and start drooling !!!The fried chicken comeback continues!
I rarely if ever turn down some good fried chicken no matter how much my brain/belly says I don't need it.  Philly's one place that has some really great fried chicken.
Walking past Redcrest on a weeknight, I'm immediately drawn to the super bright white lights and the clean setup.  While there weren't any customers inside, there was someone waiting to take my order right away and as soon as I ordered I was able to see my chicken drop into the fryer.  A few minutes later I was packed and ready to go.
I took my two piece and where I ended up, the chicken was really crunchy and tasty.  I got the regular chicken but next time I'll definitely go for the spicy for the extra flavor.  Redcrest is a bit pricey but it's definitely on the best fried chicken list for sure.Ordered on caviar, super excited to see another veg friendly option in philly. Placing my order I was searching online trying to see if their collard greens were vegetarian, not being able to find anything I ordered them anyways figuring I'd be able to tell by looking at them. When my food came there was a note attached to the bag saying that they included a corn pudding because the collard greens contained bacon! They must have noticed my all vegetarian order and figured I didn't know the collards weren't. Not only was all of the food AMAZING but that's probably one of the best customer service experiences I've ever had!Pros: Rather large, filling sandwich. Chicken had just the right amount of crunch to it too, and was perfectly cooked. 
Cons: Not enough spicy "mayo" to give it real flavor. No other toppings offered (pickles, tomato, etc.) just a limp piece of romaine lettuce. Lemonade was awful. Tasted like Country Time mix, NOT real homemade lemonade, as the bottle claimed.Let me preface by saying that I am not a huge fried chicken person. Weird, I know. I never crave it and when I do; my version of fried chicken = chicken tenders. 
My fiance and I have been to Redcrest a handful of times since they opened and we love it. He on the other hand is a HUGE fried chicken person and usually consumes his meal in less than 10 minutes every time we go. I have yet to order the actual fried chicken, but judging from the batter on the chicken fingers and fried chicken sandwich, I can only imagine how amazing it is for all you fried chicken lovers. I have loved everything we've ordered, including the sides and dipping sauces! 
Call ahead if you are in a rush, but we love eating there or outside!Worst fried chicken I've ever had in my life!  Arrived soggy, requested dark meat and obviously they didn't see the request.  Received a heart shaped biscuit that was obviously left over from yesterday (Valentine's day) and it sure as hell tasted like it!  Cole slaw was tasteless and bland.  Maybe the only thing worth eating was the mashed potatoes and they were just mediocre.  If you want good fried chicken, you're better off going to the BP gas station on Passyunk Avenue!  I can't believe I spent hard earned money on this garbage!!  Never again!!  I'd rather order from the Colonel!!