4.5**** 
Went here for my husband's birthday after he has been trying to get to go for years. I was pleasantly surprised. Awesome service and delicious food. Plantains were delicious and perfectly done- not too soggy not too crisp. Nachos were just ok but you don't go to Reef for the nachos. Calamari was crisp and real (says the hubs). For mains I had the potato crusted salmon. I wished for more potato crust but the scotch bonnet sauce had a good kick. Husband had a blast sucking the bones of the jerk chicken because he just couldn't get enough. Rice and peas were so so so good that they alone would have been worth it. Can't wait to go back!I haven't eaten here although the waitstaff will bring you food upstairs at the dance floor; this review is for the dancing upstairs. Interesting Tuesday night salsa/bachata lessons with Joe Figueroa at 8 & 9pm. 75% salsa, with some bachata, merengue and cha  thrown in there. The dance floor is relatively small and gets crowded fast so girls, watch out for yourselves in case your partner isn't and for the love of god please don't wear stilettos. There's a large advanced salsa population which is fun and maybe a little intimidating for even intermediate dancers (not a great scene for beginners due to space limitations). Often a showcase/demo around 11ish.Good Rasta Pasta (seasoned well) but there was not too much sauce on the food and they only gave me 4 shrimp to enjoy the pasta. When confronted and asked for more they refused. Asked for extra sauce, received some that was cold and tasted nothing like what was on the pasta .. total disappointment and I hyped my friends up to come here ... next time to will be going to Jordan Johnson's!Came from NYC to check this restaurant with my ladies. The food was small portions for the amount that it cost. I had the Oxtails which were not really worth the amount they charge. The cabbage however was excellent great seasoning. Afterwards we went upstairs to dance and it was a bit small for what im use to but overall my ladies and i had a nice night. The wait staff was very friendly and the bartender was a bit much, loud singing started feeling like karaoke but it was in good spirits. overall i would come back maybe to try a different dish but my drink was amazing so i would visit again if i was in Philly.This was my favorite place to eat and hang out last summer soooo good. The wings are the best, oxtail phenomenal and if you come to eat you can party upstairs for free. They just opened a deck in the back which is nice and the staff is friendly, not always attentive but friendly.The atmosphere is really nice! The staff needs work. We walked in and were just being starred at.... Nobody asked to seat us or anything. Then when we asked to seat ourselves the response was ughhhh go ahead. We went for the crabs (all you eat) and margaritas. The crabs were great but you had to order shrimp or crabs one at a time. The drinks were terrible. I really wouldn't go back cause our bill was hefty and we were only satisfied with the crabs! Oh and no sauce at all for shrimps!!!!!Reef was a nice restaurant. Good food and nice ambiance. Unfortunately, the service was very slow. We waited about 15 minutes to be greeted by our server and    the food a bit long. There was a larger Birthday party during our visit which could have attributed to the wait. Also, they are unable to split up the check. I suggest cash like other Philly establishments. Overall nice place would return if in the area again.Just left, food was average. Use to be very good but the quality has gone down. Service was okay. Won't be back.Enjoyed this urban Caribbean jem. Great food and FAST service. Music was top notch to work off the food that was eaten!!!*I hated my experience soooo much that I downloaded the Yelp app just to forewarn people to stay away*
I will never visit this establishment again and I didn't even taste the food!  Very briefly, a gentleman tried to share crabs that he over ordered with me and my friend (there is a no sharing policy that the man and we were unaware of being new customers) when the owner notices she approaches us after seeing it all happen and says that's not allowed and has the bartender throw them away in front of our faces (we weren't even there for crabs!)  I order my food under a section that offers a choice of vegetable with the meal but I am told my particular dish doesn't offer a vegetable.  I promptly cancelled the order after the owner tried twice to explain away the discrepancy and left.  This woman has lost all my business with her greed and poor customer service.  The fact that she has been in business for so long probably has more to do with her penny pinching and brow beating than the quality of her establishment.  As a woman with an accredited business degree I would never conduct business in this way and would never support an establishment with such a low regard for creating loyal customers.Atmosphere was cool. Music was great. The only problem was the service. We were seated right away, but waited over 10 minutes for the waitress to come. Then another 15 before the drinks came to us( drinks were delicious btw) .By the time the appetizers (jerk and hot wings, which were pretty lackluster. I've had better jerk wings at Irish Bars, ironically) came we'd already decided to just pay for what we had so far and go somewhere else. During the meal I had to go to the bar to order our second round of drinks and get more water because the waitress had just totally disappeared. 
She did apologize for "ignoring" us before she handed us the bill, which was sweet. 
This was a Wednesday night, and there were only about 3 other tables. I do believe the staff was trying their best, but management  needs a better training program or something.Love them for their consistency. Food is always amazing, drinks are made to perfection and after stuffing your face you can go upstairs and dance it off! I've been coming here since I moved to Philly and discovered them. Date night, girls night, the reef is always a great option. Con, pray you get a good waitress. Ha!Food was OK at best. I literally waited from 6:49pm to 7:35pm for the seafood boat. It was the tiniest 3 shrimp, 3 scallops, and 2 mini mini crab cakes. Looked like Barbie food.
I Tried the wings for the hell of it and was disappointed. That's mostly my fault, I'm not the biggest meat eater. Unimpressed but if you're looking for no frill type joint where service and food prep time is up in the air  try this place.
Cocktail selection is plentiful. You should have some luck w/drinksI placed an order for the southern fried wings and oxtails. The only mistake I made was not getting two orders of oxtails. I'm very particular about ox tails and usually travel from South Philly to Ron's or Jamaican D's to get them. I must say Reef's did not disappoint. Even though they're a little more expensive than what I'm used to...I'll gladly pay the price to have oxtails delivered to me from Reef's because they're amongst the best oxtails I've ever had! They've definitely hit the mark. My coworker says everything is on point so I only look forward to trying more from the menu. But never will I place an order that doesn't consist of oxtails. Fall off the bone tender and plenty flavorful. The wings are delicious as well.The food was great our server Tanya was very nice but to have the owner approach your table and say we have to move because there are other people with reservations and they need our table. We were highly upset and offended and it left a horrible taste in our mouths!!!  We were here spending good money for a co workers birthday and we were a party of 7 sitting buying food and drinks about to order more and this happened!!! The bill hadn't even came to the table yet we were still drinking food on the table!! We have been to many restaurants huge and small spots in many different countries, states, cities and to have a restaurant in your very own city of Philadelphia basically push you out is bad!! So if you want to chill sit and laugh in a great atmosphere don't go here, your considered loitering even before you pay your bill!!!Worst place to come for reggae or drinks... they don't respect a quality woman in sneakers...  okay.. I love food.  I love Caribbean food, and I love Reef!!.  The venue is casual and really nothing to get excited about... but the Jerk is way better then Negril Village in NYC, decent Rum Punch,... I'm happy there...iLove nuff said!!The stars are for atmosphere over everything! The food was just okay, but the Saturday vibe was amazing! Can't wait to get back here. Kudos to the hostess who did an amazing job of handling many people waiting to be seated. She did so with a cheerful smile and grace! Can't wait to get back.Some of the best prepared Caribbean food I've ever had!! If you love the Flavor of Jamaica please come here!! The oxtails were tender and fantastic and the Rasta pasta is to die for!!!The service at this restaurant ruined my experience. A friend and I had planned a night out here for their supper club but when we arrived we were shuffled between the two locations without anyone checking out reservation properly. Finally, when the staff bothered to look up our actual reservation they took 20 minutes to seat us and were plainly rude and unapologetic about us having to wait despite having made a reservation. They balked at us asking to have half glasses of wine to plan wine varieties with the menu items and when they finally sat us the table had been empty the entire time. The food was mediocre and did not make up for the rude service we experienced at the beginning of the evening. Though, they did bring us mini donuts as a consolation.Unprofessional!!!! My friend and I went here for the Spanish Tuesday nights that they have. We really only wanted to go there for dancing but ended up eating which is where we went wrong. After we are we noticed that there was a special where you ordered a certain combo meal and got to go upstairs to dance for free. Our server did not tell us about this. He should have told us the specials they were having that night. After spending almost 70 dollars on food, we figured we could ask our server if we could still do the special to get to the dance hall for free since we spent way over the amount that the special. He went to ask his manager, came back and said that we weren't going to be able to do. That was fine, we understood but en we asked to speak to the manager. Our server went to his manager, came back and said that his manager said no exceptions. The manager didn't even have the decency and professionalism to come and speak with us after we requested him. Felt extremely unappreciated of our money spent there in general. Still ended up paying to dance so spent just about 100 bucks there. But the Spanish dance was fun.One of my favorite places to relax in the city. I always come here with lots of friends and an empty stomach. And I always leave happy. Here's why I give Reef 5 stars:
(1) Atmosphere - Grown & sexy. These are the first two words that come to mind when I think of Reef. I never really see too many kids here. This is a pretty 25+ crowd, which I like.
(2) Management - the manager is always very friendly and personable. He comes over and talks to you to make sure you're having a good time.
(3) The crab n curry fried rice may be one of the BEST things I've ever tasted in my whole entire life.
(4) Great for large parties. Friends have had birthdays here and have still received great service.
(5) The decor is nice
(6) The prices are reasonable
(7) The drinks are strong. They definitely don't hold back on the liquor.
(8) Plantains. Need I say more?????
Quite frankly, I'm addicted to Reef. I go again and again and again.The food was ok. The portions were rather small considering the price. The service was slow and not very friendly. The drinks were weak. They told us in the beginning that we were able to have separate checks and when it was time
To pay they said it was too much of a headache to do it. They gave us the entire everyone paid their portion and the manager came out and proceeded to tell us we were short 55$ when in all actuality we have overpaid by 17$. The manager was really rude and unprofessional. I will never step foot in this establishment again!I was concerned when we first entered the place because it was empty, outside of the 8 person party that we walked in with.  We ordered drinks, which did take a bit long to get, however, the waitress apologized and brought us a second on the house. To start we ordered the seafood boat, which I highly recommend.  My wife does not eat seafood, but she enjoyed the way the shrimp, crab cakes and scallops were prepared.  For our main dish I ordered the shrimp curry and my wife ordered the jerk BBQ short ribs. Both dishes were incredible. Long story short. You should try this place. We have passed this place a ton of times and never tried it. We are very happy stopped today.  They are on restaurant.com as well if you would like to test the waters.It is me and my husband second Anniversary being married we had came in on a late night fast service good food. The bartender there was excellent very professional and interested as well as caring I definitely give the service an A definitely will be back on a Monday for the all you can eat crabI was in town visiting family over the Christmas day weekend, and it was suggested that we check this place out. 
Im happy we did! The food was great. The jerk wings were awesome and the young lady who served us was nice as well. 
If I'm in town ill definitely be returning.Been here a few times tried a few new things this go round & I wasn't highly impressed but I was satisfied.. waitress was very attentive & recommend this place for date night it's cute .Omg the service was great, the food was Amazing, and the drinks went hand in hand. This place is a must if you love Caribbean food. I only gave 4 stars because after our party of 14 paid over $500, we couldn't go upstairs because 1/14 had sneakers on. It was unfortunate we had to end the party before it began but I personally enjoyed dining here.The food was average.  Nothing too mind blowing.  When I was there they were out of the chicken and waffles, jambalaya, burgers, and they didn't have coca bread or curry goat. But the brown stewed ox tails and  mixed drinks we very good. So all in all $91 later I felt disappointed.  Could've gotten better food else where for cheaper. But it's cool, live and learnTwo weeks ago my boyfriend went to dinner with his four closest friend, and he had a wonderful server, Sasha. We went to dinner tonight and Sasha was not our server, but she took EXCEPTIONAL care of us, we didn't even know the name of the server that was assigned to us . Sasha brought our drinks, dinner, carry out boxes, and she had to tell the other server to bring our check. She made our Valentines Day extra special and wonderful smile. I wanted to tell the other  server (she looked constipated) Get the Lead Out! ask for Sasha she will take care of you.                                                                        Durwood and Annetta Hankinson2 hours of time wasted! I've been to Reef several times before and have never received the level of inadequate, unprofessional and disrespectful service as I did this evening.
Bottomline: I will never patronize Reef again. Read below if you'd like to know the level of customer service you will be greeted with.  
I attended with a party of 6 and were seated in an empty upstairs. Our server immediately took our drink orders and bought us our waters. She then disappeared for at least 20 minutes. We had to call downstairs to ensure they hadn't forgotten about us. When she returned and took our orders 30 mins passes and no food had come. Finally the manager comes after we request to speak to him. There is no offer of consolation, but he ensures us our food is coming and that the kitchen is slammed. 10 more minutes & our food comes. Some orders are incomplete & service is inattentive. Had we not waited and were not starving we would have left! 
Once the check is bought out we ask for an adjusted check, as we do not feel the 18% gratuity is justified. The manager does not oblige but says he'll pay the difference out of his pocket and puts a $10 bill on the table! WHAT KIND OF ESTABLISHMENT DOES THAT? Wouldn't you just handle it behind the scenes instead of throwing money down like we're common whores. Instead of simply adjusting the bill he assumed that we WOULD leave a tip for poor service. 
We split the check in the way we feel, with the CORRECT (and that is important) amount minus gratuity. We WAIT for the server to come back. There is absolutely NO hustle in attention. But get this, when the server takes the check and we EXPLAIN that it is minus gratuity, the manager comes back and says it's not adding up. A duh!!! We left off the inflated tip because it was not deserved! We explain this, he leaves with us thinking he will run it the way we outlined. Ya'll 10 minutes later he comes back with a bleeping calculator (how disrespectful) to say it's not adding up! He says there are only 2 credit cards put down. In his hand are actually 3 CARDS!!! We wrote down the CORRECT amount from jump! He looks dumbfounded and says he still can't run it. Disgusted, we put down $10 for gratuity and go to leave. 
As we're descending the stairs to get our credit cards there is the manager chilling, having a drink!!! He is not helping his staff or running the cards. He is relaxing, providing horrible customer service and expecting his customers to pick up the slack. Most unnerving experience of my dining life.Ok, Look I am going to just say this---- long wait for a drink when you are eating in and a water bottle! 20 min later the food came and it was ok, then the drinks came! BACKWARDS!!! Food is nothing to brag about, They need to hire more people and learn professionalism with their stink attitudes! Wouldn't go back!Went to The Reef Lounge last night to celebrate my cousin bday,  Omar the bartender was great, food was ok. We had a bday cake for my cousin, and when we got the bill there was cake charge of $15. Since we didn't order their dessert we got charged cause we brought our own (not happy about this) so we complained to management, they did remove the charge. But low and behold the manager had the nerve to suspend Omar for 5 days cause she had to take off the charge. Unprofessional.  Will never return.The food comes in very nice sized portions but its just ok its not great.  Even my Island native friends all said its "a-right" 
But the music is good and the club scene upstairs is cool.
Also the drinks were on point not watered down and not too strong.I had the worst experience tonight. The menu had an "old" price and when the check came it was higher than the menu price. I asked to speak with the manager she told me that she would NOT honor the menu price. It was an oversight. Any good manager would has honored the price and then made sure that all of the menu prices were changed after that. If she had done that then they would have a repeat customer forever. But because of her POOR managerial skills. I'm done with the Reef.The attitudes of a few of the waitresses was completely appalling. The water with lemon had a very strange taste. Two different prices for the same drink at the bar upstairs we were charged $7 downstairs $8.80 when asked for clarification we were just handed a receipt and told thats the price.I thought I should update to specify that I ONLY go to the Reef on Tuesdays for salsa and so this review is only specific to that night and not food/service etc. Since my last review they redid the finishing on the dance floor but let ppl dance on it too soon before letting it set so the floor isn't very fast-- I usually try to use some baby powder on my shoes to reduce friction (hint: don't dump it on the side of the floor where ppl walk and will fall!!). It is still really really freaking crowded between the lesson and 11:30pm, so be careful of flailing arms and take Really Small back steps to avoid killing the poor ppl behind you.The food was so delicious!! For an appetizer I had the crispy wings with the jerk BBQ sauce and sweet n spicy chili sauce, and they were super good!! For dinner I had the red snapper with white rice and broccoli!! It was moist and seasoned so well!! It was very delicious!! My sister had the curry chicken and she said it was amazing!! The pieces of chicken were tender and flavorful!! Everything was so good!! Service was a little slow, but it's worth the wait!! I give this place 10 thumbs up!! You must eat here!! You will not be disappointed!! I can't wait to go back!!The food is just okay, merely edible.  This restaurant got a big okay from me.  When we entered, there was no one to greet us.  Instead the bartender called out to us, and gave us our menus, which we had to bring to a table of our choice.  We decided to sit outside.  The lighting on the inside was too blue for me.  Our waitress was very sweet and accommodating.  She tried her best to make our experience as best as it could be.  My boyfriend ordered the oxtail.  It was very bland and salty, not a welcome paradox.  I cook better at home.  The jerk chicken was an entire half chicken smothered in sauce and it was indeed dry.  The waitress informed me that they cook it at 3 PM outside on the grill so it is authentic.  I guess six hours of sitting round didn't do much for the quality of the food.  I won't be going back here.  I hope to find a better Jamaican restaurant in Philly.Very pleased with the food and service here. Great atmosphere and a nice spot to watch the games or have a date. I stopped in here with my roommate before going bar hopping we ordered a seafood sampler which was very delicious! The Jerk shrimp (4) were large well seasoned and spicy like I like it, mini crab cakes (2) were meaty and very delicious there was a yummy sweet sauce drizzled over the top and the scallops (2) my roommate said were tender and juicy I didn't have any. I also had a drink liquid marijuana which was good. I will definitely be back probably for all you can eat crab legs for 24.95 on Monday as well as Margarita night on Monday!Other then a good martini and nice service this wouldn't be a spot for anyone wanting good Caribbean food. I tried their rendition of jerk chicken and feel i have been traumatized  ...it was under cooked generic garbage..i truly hope this disaster never happens to anyone. R.I.P. to the taste buds lost in this mission.I will never go here again. No complaints about the food but after my sister drank out of a disgustingly dirty shot glass (old whipped cream, mold etc), and ended up getting into it verbally with the manager, HE punched her in the face!! Yes, a grown man hit my sister in the face. I've never seen anything like this in my 31 years. I wish I could give this place a negative star for having this type of person as its manager. He seemed very comfortable stepping to, arguing with, cursing at, and ultimately hitting a woman. I am totally disgusted and will never support this establishment again. Can't say much more as this will ultimately be handled in court.The first time I ever had Jamaican cuisine, I was in Jamaica. That should tell you how high the bar is set for me. I love REEF! I always get the Curry Chicken. It's always good. The atmosphere is a bit clubbish depending on the day/time you come, but the food is really really good. This was where I wanted to go when my fiance took me on our first date. This is our go-to when we want good food and chill atmosphere. I also order this on dinein.com for dinner. ENJOY!Okay . So I went to this place last night with a group of friends for my friends Bday . My friend made a reservation for a table upstairs in the lounge . She was already there when I got there . We were supposed to be there at 9 everybody got there around 9:15 / 9:30 . They told us we would have to wait until 10 to get our table & that if we wanted food it would be a hour wait . All of that was fine just until the rude ass bouncer asked what we was standing there for ... like your server told us to wait here until we can find 2 bouncers to take us upstairs. Then he said we needed to pay of entry fee . So we started pulling out money . I had to walk another friend to the ATM by the time I was done using the ATM . I got a phone call saying we couldn't get in because they wouldn't let my friend bring her cupcakes up . It was either throw the liquor bottles out or leave . So they chose to leave .Starting off with the positive, the food is excellent here! I have never been disappointed by the quality of anything I've ordered here. Because the food is just so good, I elevated this from what I originally thought would be a 2-star review. 
On to the bad and mediocre... The last time I dined here, I sat at the bar and the bartender was extremely weeded. I felt bad for her. She was all over the place making over-the-top ridiculous drinks (not her fault). I watched her make countless different sugary pitchers, at one point even having to slide out a freezer and scoop icecream. The drink menu has her set to fail! By the time she even took my order, she informed me they were out of two of the things I asked her. I got my appetizer and entree at the same time, which sucked because my entree was cold by the time I got to it. And she never got me a second drink, which was disappointing because I was planning on having a few. I left as soon as I finished eating, instead of staying to have another drink or two. 
A final note, they add 18% gratuity to every check. I actually don't mind this, because I would never stiff a server, but I think it's more a reflection on their clientele than anything. Actually, I added a little more out of pity. I hope she finds a better bar job.really enjoy the dance lessons on tuesday nights. it's a great place to practice bachata and salsa. the drinks are reasonable and i didn't get to try the food but the salsa environment is great1) Plastic "silverware"
2) Waffles looked and tasted like it came from the frozen section of the supermarket
3) Our mimosas arrived when we were halfway done with our meal - mind you, it was all pre-mixed and just had to be poured into an empty carafe and it wasn't like the restaurant was swarming with patrons
4) An unjustifiable automatic 18% gratuityCocktails were weak and bartender was poorly trained. We ordered two shots chilled. She poured one jigger that wasn't full over ice and then poured it into two  glasses. No shaking nothing. Shots were mildly cold but far from chilled and small. We asked her about the small size and she said that's what the guy told her. To her benefit she did try to fix it and asked what she could do, but at that point we were just ready to leave. Would not return.The drinks are wonderful. The service was good and the good was hot and delicious. I enjoyed the atmosphere and music. We went on a Friday night. Very lively and upbeat.I saw great reviews on here so I decided to check it out but unfortunately it did not live up to the reviews. I was beyond let down. The food was pretty tasty but extremely overpriced for what you got. (Poor presentation, bland rice, paper napkins) Our appetizers arrived at the table cold and only about 5 minutes before our meal came out.  The seafood boat was pretty good but it was a cold.  I had the Montego Bay Salmon and  it was the smallest piece of salmon for the most expensive price I've ever paid for salmon eating out.  The service was horrible.  From the hostess to the general manager everyone had extremely poor distasteful attitudes, and they were extremely unprofessional (Took the GM about 20mins to finally come over to our table after the server told him I had complaint). The upstairs lounge was well decorated but I was forced to leave after 5 minutes upstairs due to an unruly fight between patrons. Overall I'd never go back and I would not recommend this place to anyone. If you're looking for dinner and dancing I'd suggest Time (Sansom between broad and 13th) Carribean Food I'd try Ron's Caribbean Cuisine.I have to say I didn't like the restaurant food AT ALL.  For anyone who is from the Essex County & Union County area of NJ or BK, BX you can find a better deal & meal at your local Jamacian Spot and or Golden Crust.  The wait was far too long and the wait staff was borderline rude and invisible and I don't know what one is worst.  I visited the restaurant during a quick weekend trip to Philly and I have to say I will never return.Their food is delicious!!!! The service was a bit slow but well worth the wait. We had the rum punch and it was very tasty. My mom had the crab cakes with red beans and rice. Everything was flavored perfectly. I had the black pepper shrimp and they were AMAZING! Very spicy and flavorful. We will definitely be returning.I've been here a couple of times over the years and including twice this year. The food is good, my favorite is their rum punch made in house, jerk chicken and rice and peas. Their fried chicken wings and dipping sauces are good too. The desserts are tasty too. 
Only negative is the food took a while (almost 45 min) to arrive when I was last there.Ok. So we were in Philly to celebrate my sister's big 4-0 and after an amazing Ben Franklin Yacht party, we ventured through the what appeared to be the sports bar/restaurant scene, and finally landed at The Reef. 
With a Caribbean theme, and very lites space, the Reef is a very popular spot on South 3rd street, especially for late night munchies and dining. The Bartenders were so nice and accommodating. The host and hostesses were NOT friendly, mostly because they were at capacity. There is a dance floor, but to access the "VIP" you had to pay 10.00 or have dinner. 
Well, my sister and I ate at the bar because it was faster service, but we apparently did not ea enough or spend enough, subsequently, we weren't initially allowed to go up to the dance floor!! Crazy, right? 
We had to show our hand stamps to the very kind bouncers perched on the stairs, lol...
Overall,y suggestion to you is GET THERE EARLY. 
The food is amaze-balls, prices are reasonable and the DJ ok, especially if you enjoy the island-like atmosphere.I go tot he Reef every Tuesday for dancing Salsa. You work up quite an appetite dancing s occasionally I'll grab a bite tot eat. Everything I've tried so far I've really liked and the portions were a good size too. They have a a $19.95 special on tuesday which includes salad, entree and dessert. The cheesecake was ok, but it's a caribbean restaurant so I wasn't expecting it to be more than that.
The dancing is fun especially since they redid the floor (they got it right this time!). Lots of really good dancers makes the small space seem bigger.I brought my husband here for his birthday.  The plan was to enjoy a nice authentic Jamaican meal sip some rum punch and then dance the night away. Welp, after 45 mins. and one drink our appetizers were no where in sight (jerk wings) our waitress walked by our table at least 13 times and didn't even ask us if we wanted water.  I ordered a salad and my husband ordered jerk chicken and rice peas. Once we realized that everyones table looked like ours, empty, we figured it was time to investigate. After over hearing our waitress tell another table that there is only one chef that's when we decided enough was enough and decided to leave and grab a slice of pizza from Lorenzo's. I understand it's Saturday night and anticipated a little wait but seriously,  not even some WATER! We are a West Indian couple from NY and it's disappointing that we could not get good service from a place we thought could give us a taste of home. This place gets 2 stars because the music is on point BUT  eat before you go, if you dare venture out!The food was great and I've never had the original sweet potato pie at a restaurant. Service was good and the waitress was goodI walked down South St. when I was staying in Philly and I came across this restaurant and walked in to see I could get seated.  Monday nights was all-u-can-eat crab legs.  I did not get these but for $30 I did not think that would be a bad deal.  I had the Potato Crusted Salmon with white rice and a side of Fried Plantains.  Everything I has was great.  The fish was very good and the plantains were cooked perfectly.  The service was good, Ashley was very attentive.  I would return to this spot.Four of us were going to the Society Hill Playhouse on a Wed night and decided to eat on South St. We strolled down the ave, and found The Reef -mixed in with several other restaurants. The menu seemed interesting, so we went in. The service was slow, like in the Caribbean (not good when you have a show to get to), but what great food! We all ordered off the three course 19.99 menu and LOVED our meals. two salad choices - big & delicious! The Tilipia was a huge piece of fish, accompanied by mashed potatoes and a whole crown of broccoli. One of us got the ox tails, with brown rice as well. We all loved our meals! We got dessert to go and went to the show.
An excellent stop. I wish we had more time to spend there food & drinks were excellent. The staff was very friendly. I highly recommend The Reef for a delicious dinner, as long as you can sit back and enjoy.Didn't have time to order food because the drink order took way to long to come to the table. Terrible service even during off hours, would not recommend to anyoneMe and my wife decided to come here because we both love Caribbean food. However, my experience was terrible. To start off I had the waitress spilled my drink on me, and did nothing but wipe the table off. I would've been satisfied with a free drink or some money off the bill. The food wasn't even worth the price, I won't be going back here again.Went here yesterday . Wings were awesome and so was the drinks and Mac n cheese . Waitress was awesome and really cool environment . Love the set up the reef and I would def come again . If your lookin for a place that has good food and good vibes this is the place to be .Great atmosphere and great drinks. I've been here twice, and I've only sat at the bar and never an actual table, but I do enjoy the ambience. The low lighting, the reggae music, and the tasty food all make for a great combination. Both times that I've visited it wasn't particularly busy, but I could see it getting somewhat hectic and cramped in there on a busy night. The bartenders are friendly, and the drinks are strong in a good way. They definitely give you a lot of liquor for your money which I appreciate. I had the jerk chicken cheesesteak the last time I went and it was absolutely delicious. I highly recommend it especially if you like a little spice to your meal. Reef is definitely a hidden gem on South Street!Excellent catering! They were able to accomodate me at the last minute when another restaurant canceled. The jerk chicken was delicious - good amount spice/heat and tender. The rice and peas were seasoned perfectly. Minus one star for management, they seemed a bit unorganized.  But they were very pleasant and apologized for their mishaps.Lucky the crab was good because the service was terrible. Unfortunately the waitress didn't understand English very well, which made the service a little rough. Waited 10-15 minutes for refills from a bar that was 10 ft away. Oh and the refills aren't free. Get ready to drink a lot of water. We also received the wrong check at the end of the night. I read the reviews hoping it was a bunch of haters but trust me most of them are accurate. Can't vouch for anything but the crab legs so eat at your own risk!Horrible service...appetizers took forever, didn't have what we drink, once we did get a drink it wasn't cold. Had to ask for condiments and wait five minutes for it. Even waited ten minutes for the check never again. Food wasn't bad thoVery fun atmosphere, relaxing, great music. Came with family for the all-you-can eat crab legs. Super Yumm. Can't wait to return.We came here for the dancing lessons on Tuesday night, fun times! For $5 we got an hour lesson, from 8:20-9:20. In the beginning everyone did basic steps, and then the guys got in a large circle in the middle and the girls outside of them, so every move you would switch partners and rotate. The salsa was challenging but fun, lots of new as well as seasoned people there. Fun thing to do for a Tuesday!Went alone and sat at the bar. Took them 20 minutes to acknowledge me! Food was cold and not the best! Won't be returning EVERRRRRThe food was great our server Tanya was very nice but to have the owner approach your table and say we have to move because there are other people with reservations and they need our table. We were highly upset and offended and it left a horrible taste in our mouths!!!  We were here spending good money for a co workers birthday and we were a party of 7 sitting buying food and drinks about to order more and this happened!!! The bill hadn't even came to the table yet we were still drinking food on the table!! We have been to many restaurants huge and small spots in many different countries, states, cities and to have a restaurant in your very own city of Philadelphia basically push you out is bad!! So if you want to chill sit and laugh in a great atmosphere don't go here, your considered loitering even before you pay your bill!!!I've recently had the pleasure of experiencing the dining experience provided at Reef Restaurant & Lounge. I've heard so much about the food and atmosphere I just had to try it on a Saturday night with a group of friends. When we arrived the music and guests looked pleased and the hostess greeted us with a smile. She checked the list for our reservation and then proceeded to show us where we would be dining. Our waitress then came out after we were seated and welcomed us to the restaurant. It just felt so warm and authentic, I was definitely taking hospitality notes all night. After our drink orders were taken the waitress came back and took the rest of our orders. She was patient enough to answer every one of our detailed questions about the menu. The drinks took a little over 10 minutes but that's understandable when we looked over at the bar we saw two bartenders working their magic. What I can honestly say about Caribbean fine dining restaurant is that they hold up to their long standing positive reputation of always taking care of their customers. Oh, and desert that was a win win for us, they had this Bread Pudding Cake that just melted in your mouth. Very tasty, thoroughly enjoyed he service and atmosphere and especially the dance floor where we burned off all the calories we ate, or so I'd like to believe. Anyway, enjoy your experience and you will not regret it.It's a Lil Late but after attending Martin's performance at Temple we found this lil Jem love love love it!! Awesome spot for a nice drink. The bartenders were AWESOME the food was great and the upstairs bar area was a super time!!!Ok, I just checked this place out and it was cool.  Nice, friendly crowd. It was crowded but the managemnt worked hard to seat us as quickly as possible.  There were four of us in the party, all looking for a nice quiet dinner.  Well it turned out to be a damn club with food but guess what? We had a blast.  It was a Friday night, we were all over the age of 35 which was intimidating since the crowd was young but it turned out to be very enjoyable.
Ok, as far as the food I can honestly say I had better but it was not bad at all.  I had the ox-tails,rice and cabbage.  For 17 dollars I thought the plates were small. The pineapple martinis were tasty  and they give you a side order of fruit drizzled in alcohol...yummm!
Overall we had a great time and I would recommend to anyone looking for a nice change.I was extremely disappointed in the service99 that was given by the manager of this restaurant. We are not from philly but this place came highly recommended and it did not stand up to its reputation. The food was not good but that wasn't the worst part. I was willing to overlook it but to have non authentic Jamaican food and bad customer service its deplorable. I will never come back here. But I'll offer them one tip, which is to train the wait staff to introduce themselves when coming to a table, and also have the hostess in the front at all times after all they should be in the front. No matter what's going on in the restaurant they should be able to still accommodate their customers. Whether you have a party of 25 guests or not.Disclaimer this review is in regards to the OX Tail only. 
As i write this, i savor the the diverse and tantalising. Taste that is occuring in my mouth right now.
As a jamaican it is EXTREMELY hard to find a good caribbean establishment. The ox tail here is amazing pair with the plantains.... Absolute divinity...Surprisingly this spot is DOPE! I loved the food, the music, the ambience, just everything. It is set up sooooo nicely inside. I went for dinner on a friday. I can't wait to try caribbean night. I can only imagine how dope that music will sound.I had a very yummy dinner here during my last trip to Philly! We didn't have reservations so there was a bit of a wait at around 9pm on a Friday night. We were finally seated and it was pretty packed so I didn't expect fast service but it was slower than I thought. We placed our drink orders (the drinks were great!) while we looked over the menu. I couldn't decide between the oxtail and rasta pasta since both are favorite dishes of mine and normally the places I've frequented in NY would let me combine. Our waitress said that wasn't a possibility so I settled for the Oxtail -- wish I hadn't. It wasn't bad, but my family is Jamaican and my mom puts her foot in some oxtail so this just didn't live up to hers. I did steal a taste of my cousins rasta pasta and it was delicious!! If I ever find myself here again, that's def what I'll order. My husband had the jerk chicken and it was very well cooked. Not as spicy as he would like, but perfect for me since I prefer mild. Portion sizes were good for price and I loved the music they played. It had a loungey feel and I think they may have dancing downstairs. The music is on the louder side so wouldn't recommend if you plan on doing a lot of talking but otherwise it's a pretty cool spot!Unlimited crab legs are advertised from 4pm-10pm on Mondays. We get there around 8pm & stand around waiting for about 30 min for a table. Before we are seated, we are told that they don't have "enough" crab legs for new guests. Wtf kind of bs is that?? & why wouldn't the presumed manager not say that instead of hAving us wait 30min for a table. The server offered 1 free drink for "our troubles." I would've left but my friend wanted to try their food, which is ok but their servers are pretty slow & the tight tables allowed us to hear the adjoining guests complaining about the same thing. It sucks bc they need to advertise from 4pm-8pm if there is going to be a cut off time. Their crab & spinach dip is amazing, when it's available lolA friend of mine had a birthday party here upstairs so me and a few friends decided to eat dinner before we walked up.  This wasn't my first time here for the food so I kind of had an idea of what I wanted. I stuck with what I know the Rasta Pasta a bow tie pasta in a white cream cheesy sauce with the choice of shrimp, crab meat or chicken I went with the shrimp I think I taste beer in the sauce not sure.. This dish didn't disappoint it was just as good as it was the last time I had it a few years back. The wait wasn't long the waitress was a little sarcastic but somewhat attentive. I would definitly go back againPoor service. The bartender/waiter was rude and he sings horribly and loud. I just wanted him to shut up! The food was ok, the appetizers were cold and the oxtails were extra fatty. My drink was the only thing worthwhile and it had a crack down the length of the glass. This place is going downhill fast! I won't go back if you paid me.