I was excited to try a new place. I arrived to wait for an hour with no answers to when a table will be available. After pestering the hostess, she says we will reservations coming in, it will be another 30 minutes or so. So waiting an hour and not being able to get a drink or a table I left. I hope to try this place some day.I enjoyed everything about Relish from Raisin in the Sun to the live band to the karaoke to the Hennessy Sangria to the seafood Mac n' Cheese to the Fried Catfish, greens, and sweet potato mash to the fact that my reservation was honored in spite of being about 30 minutes late in arriving to fellowshipping with the party next to us. 
The only thing I hated was having to leave, but I plan to visit again real soon!I hosted a birthday party for a loved one at Relish this past Saturday night. It was amazing! We had a party of 40+ including attendees from the age of 1 on up to 96. The birthday girl as well as every single guest in attendance had nothing but praise for Relish. The experience was just great from start to finish. I really appreciated the integrity, professionalism and patience that I experienced throughout the entire event. The establishment, event coordinator, Sherri Lee Stevens and all of the staff, food, ambiance, etc was just wonderful. We had a few mishaps come up on our end (overbooking, tardiness, etc); however, the wonderful Relish staff was able to work everything out for us, with a smile! I really can't say enough nice things about the place. If I ever have to host another event in Philadelphia, I'll definitely book Relish again. I highly recommend it.My husband and I came here for the first time on Friday 4/22/16. We had a 630 reservation. After our arrival we had about a 15 min wait before being seated in the bar/club area. We were seated near the kitchen walkway( a high traffic area). I immediately requested from the host to be moved to the table rt next to me but was told it was reserved for 4 people even though a couple had just vacated it. Although a little disappointed about the seating we went ahead and ordered our dinner. My husband had the crab cake meal and i ordered the chicken meal. The portions were good, however the greens and fried chicken needed a little more seasoning. The entertainment with Cedric Napoleon,tanqueray hayward and t webb was awesome. Our server Chai was also very attentive. We were disappointed that within 30 minutes of being seated they sat 2 people at the table next to us which previously they told us it was 4 people. I don't understand why we could not have been sat at that table to begin with. Disappointed that throughout the entire evening we kept getting bumped by waiters/waitresses trying to serve others in this high traffic area. Overall rating lowered due to seating accommodations.Celebrated my birthday at Relish.  The service was awesome from the time we entered the door until we left.  Food was great...Fried Chicken, Crab cakes, Short Ribs, Caribbean Chicken, Mac n Cheese, Collards.  Our waitress Kai (I think that's her name) was very attentive and patient.  The music was great....we had at great night and will definitely go back.Y'all. Overrated is not even THEE word. I don't get the hype. I can't believe that my fellow Yelpers deceived me like this.
We came about 10-15 minutes before our reservation for Sunday brunch and was seated about 5 minutes after. So the wait time wasn't bad. Once we were seated we headed over to the buffet and personally speaking I've seen bigger buffets but at this point, I was trying not judge just yet. Took a stroll around the buffet, they had a bit of a variety of food: waffle, omelette and pasta stations; BBQ and fried chicken; fried fish; shrimp and grits; challah French toast; home fries; curry chicken salad; Caesar salad; fruit salad; small desserts; etc. 
All that I stated above was practically majority of the buffet. I managed to get a pasta and omelette made to my liking with Caesar salad, fruit, turkey bacon, curry chicken salad and fried fish. Y'ALL! The best thing on my plate was that fried fish and that's probably cause I added hot sauce to it. The rest of the food was... meh. I can't believe I was in a soul food place where the food was not seasoned. The only reason why they are getting two stars is one because of the wait time and the other because the waitress was nice. But it even took long for her to come around at times. Also, the drinks weren't bad. It could be good for a happy hour but as a person who goes to many brunches and places to eat in the tristate area, I was disappointed in the quality of the food. The food was overpriced. Those who gave 4 or 5 stars truly hasn't been to a good brunch.This used to be one of my favorite restaurant in the city, however the service and food have gone by the wayside! It's almost as if they don't even care or think that it's alright to serve you food that is not cooked thoroughly. Save your time and Money!!!!!Excellent Food! Excellent Service! I frequent this place. It's my favorite restaurant in the area. Love the cornbread ( I bought 12 pans for my engagement party). The shrimp and grits dish is amazing. 
Entertainment is around $6 a set and can range from eclectic jazz (which I'm not a fan of) to traditional jazz. If your not into the music you can always eat it the main dining room and save your money. 
If you would like to experience an assortment of what Relish has to offer, try their Sunday Brunch. Visit www.relishphiladelphia.comI've been wanting to try this place for awhile. People rave about it. I actually haven't gotten a chance to go to the actual restaurant ... But I decided to try UberEATS and Relish was one of the restaurant choices, so I figured why not? I ordered cast iron fried buttermilk chicken and it came with Mac and cheese and collard greens. The chicken arrived crispy and was pretty tasty (not over seasoned!) the Mac n cheese was good, but the noodles were a bit over cooked. The collards were bland... Def could use some seasoning. Maybe my expectations were too high, the food was good don't get me wrong but I've had better soul food. I will try again, but plan to dine in next time!Wanted to find a good option for Southern cuisine and was referred to this place. Decided to surprise my hubby on his 55th birthday. We came on a Sunday so we had the buffet which included a full salad bar. Favorites would be the biscuits, cheese grits, Mac n cheese sautéed cabbage. Everything was good but those were my standouts. The fried fish was nice as well as fried chicken. The service was excellent, the ambience was very nice and the music was great!!  Would definitely make the drive from Jersey again!!I've been to Relish  dozen times and I will give a quick breakdown before I describe my most recent experience...which was not good
FOOD-4/5- Love the food, the mac in cheese tastes home made, the fried chicken (generous portions, the turkey wings are well seasoned and fall off the bone, the peach cobbler, and red velvet cake have the right amount of sweetness...Cornbread only $3 and one of the best menu items
WAIT- 1/5- horrific even with a reservation and empty seats
STAFF 3/5-  The staff used to be amazing until about the last 6 months.  Yes, they are all easy on the eyes, but are not as hospitable as I remember.  
Most recently, my friend was celebrating her 21st birthday.  There were about 20 of us.  We made a reservation and still had to sit separately.  Even after expressing concern to the managers (a hispanic woman and a fair skinned african american man) they did nothing.  So we sat in three different sections.  The female manager tried to explain that they do not have reservations but "requests". WHat a Mess.  If they don't fix their service we will not be returning.  
Karaoke night was fun...On thursdays they have a 3 course meal for $20 which is amazing!!What is going on here is a tragedy. 
I visited this place last summer for a "happy hour" type of event with half off appetizers. The appetizers  (3) that I ordered all tasted stale, like they were made yesterday and hence the whole "half off" deal. 
I was soo disappointed. My mango mojito (or was it peach) was on point tho.
I vowed not to return because I was just turned off by the food.
So they changed the name and the management and so I figured let's give it another go...uhm, big mistake.
1) I ordered regular margarita...tasted salty. I asked for my nice waiter to add some pineapple or ANYTHING to make it better, he gave me a little cup of the sour mix thing that margaritas are made of...so I just added it to what I was drinking which made it a bit better.
Now it was hot as balls in the place and for some reason or the other my ice was melting really fast in my drink...so I ended up with a warm'ish drink. 
2) I ordered a virgin pina colada next....i can make better with my home blender...but I guess that's not their fault that I'm Queen of Pina Colada making
3) Cornbread....I actually enjoyed this because it was sweet. However, it wasn't baked evenly OR there was something wrong with the way the fat/butter settled in the mix. Some parts looked saturated with fat/butter/sweetness...and other parts were nice and dry like a bread/cake should be dry. Either way I ate it cause it was sweet.
4) The biggest disappointment- MY entree. I went with the short ribs. It was 60-70% fat...the kind of fat that you can see and you just wanna cut off cause it's just all white and soft and ek! 
I was partially grossed out, partially just annoyed at the work I was doing to avoid a mouthful of fat.
My friend had the rack of lamb which I didn't want to order cause I thought THAT would be fatty...BAD decision. The lamb was actually very good (I tasted hers)...so if I have to recommend a dish, I'll say the lamb. 
So at the end of the day...I just don't think this place cuts it. Maybe my taste is just way up there (I really don't think so). I guess if the prices were 80% less I wouldn't be soo disappointed but with the price I'm expected to pay, I really thought the food would be a bit better but it's not. 
I don't know...I wish the place well.Had dinner here tonight, service was horrendous had to flag someone down just to get water no one took our drink order. Had in incident involving manager Darryl Greene which left me and my sister feeling offended, when we spoke to him after our meal he was argumentative and unapologetic. He was extremely unprofessional I have been in customer service for many years and when a customer has a complaint they should be listened to and given an apologyI went to Relish for Brunch on Sunday all you can eat. When I tell you the food is so good I kept going back for more; The Hennessey Sangria that's all I can think about and my friends enjoyed it to. When I get to back to Philly I will definitely be in attendance.I went to Relish for dinner on a Friday night with a party of 9. I was able to make reservations on Open Table and called to make a change with no problem. The restaurant requires a credit card be on file in order to leave the reservation. 
We were served water right away but it took more than 35 minutes for someone to take our food orders. 30 minutes later, the manager I believe came to the table to let us know that there was no more catfish. Several people had mad changes to their order and we waited more than 30 minutes for the food to come out. All but 2 people were served at that time. Those 2 people ordered something others had ordered so I'm not sure why it took them so long to be served.
The food was on point! Someone had an issue with their pasta so the waitress removed it from the bill. Our waitress was apologetic but almost 3 hours later we were just ready to get out of there. At least we were entertained by some good and not so good karaoke.
I will go again because it came highly recommended. Hopefully I'll have a better experience with a smaller party. I wish I could give Relish a higher rating because the food was really good and gets 4 stars but the service and experience didn't cut it.I was at Relish for a family celebraiton on Saturday.  The food and customer service were amazing!  When I'm in Philadelphia again I will definitely drop into Relish.My girlfriends and I visited this restaurant one recent Saturday evening and loved it so much that we returned for brunch the next day.  
I've lived in the area for about 5 years and have dined at this location when it was the Ogontz Grill and Sadiki's and by leaps and bounds Relish has the best food and service I've had at any restaurant at this location and it's in my top of overall restaurants.  The Ogontz Grill was just ok and  the service at Sadiki's was so consistently poor that on one occasion my party waited more than 15 minutes for someone to take our beverage order.  Unbeknownst to us the owner was seated at a nearby table socializing with friends and never noticed we weren't being served.  When another patron brought it to his attention, instead of getting our beverages himself, he went to look for someone else to do it and then returned to his friends, causing yet another wait.  We never returned.  
Relish, however, was everything I expected from the Bynum brothers.   
We were greeted with welcoming faces and had a nice and attentive waitress.  The decor is pretty (love the bamboo bathroom) and the drinks delish.  I ordered the turkey wings and my friends had crabcakes and everyone was very pleased.  For brunch, we all had the chicken & waffles, which we all agree are MUCH better than the ones we've had at Roscoe's in L.A.  I agree with a previous reviewer that the gullah shrimp and grits are awesome! Each time we had enough food to take home leftovers.  The only negatives were the collards and the red velvet cake.  We all agreed that the collards weren't seasoned well and while the red velvet cake was good, I'm from the south and used to eating some of the best red velvet cake known to mankind.  
I love that I can get a great affordable (in my opinion) meal without having to trek down to Center City and pay for parking.  
Relish has a repeat customer in me.Went here on a random Thursday without a reservation. So you already know me and my family were told to wait an hour. BUT... We were told we could get take out at the bar. So we waited for seats to clear at the bar after ordering our take out. Finally sat down and got our food 20 minutes later! Big shoutout to the bartender for holding up down with the drinks and great service.Dined here about a week ago and was sadly disappointed by the quality of food. Prior to this , I hadn't been to Relish in years...but I remember thoroughly enjoying their Sunday brunch. Perhaps dinner is an entirely different story? I can say....the atmosphere and ambiance was lovely. The staff was equally lovely. Perhaps that's their way of compensating for serving subpar 'canned' food? Yes, you read that correctly..the 'cabbage' tasted more like sauerkraut and had a weird vinegar like flavor. It also lacked color..which led me to the conclusion that I was served canned cabbage! Yuck! I also had the fish with crab meat, which was supposed to be served with some sort of sauce. Well..they forgot the sauce...and the bland, baked (frozen..not fresh) was simply served with chucks of crabmeat heaped on top. The red rice..was nothing more than dry boxed rice..that was overcooked and simply sticky. Very disappointing to say the least...and a complete waste of money. The only item I can say was 'good' was the shrimp deviled eggs. The rest of the meal was a bust....Came here for yesterday for  brunch. We were one of the first people there, so the food was fresh. No beverages are included with the buffet, except water. The food was good for the money. Decent selection of choices, with an omelette and waffle station. The grits were the best thing there! Absolutely amazing by itself. The shrimp that was suppsed to go with it was in red sauce, so I avoided them, but even still the grits were great. It did get a little crowded so reservations are probably recommended.Nice atmosphere food was pretty good. That cornbread is a must try, thank me later. Since my last visit, the things I tried today did lack flavor. Presentation of food I must say was great. Good service, seated quickly upon arrival. Shrimp hush puppies look amazing didn't taste good though. 
Mac & Cheese was more cheese than elbow noodles greasy and all cheese. More of an  artery clogging experience as oppose to a guilty pleasure. Fried cabbage didn't have any flavor, everything else was wonderful! Make sure to make reservations but of course, you would know that! Not sure if I will come back for a third visit.Fancy restaurant & very good service but the food was not delicious at all. I feel like the food has been sitting around all day and just warmed up for our service.Only heard about Relish recently becuse I am on the e-mail list of a jazz saxophonist who was appearing there.  So my wife and I went for dinner and to catch the early music set.  Aside from the great music and opportunity to interact with the musicians, we found the service and food to be outstanding.  This is a wonderful place, not a dive jazz bar.Really nice establishment. I wasn't expecting this at all. Felt like a mix of Warmdaddy's and a lounge. We went for Sunday Brunch. A bit pricey but great selection of food; delicious; and nice drinks. My friend had a martini she was impressed with and I really liked my strawberry lemonade. 
I would definitely want to check out their supper buffet. 
Tip: Sunday best attire. A step or two above casual.I just had dinner at this gem with my husband and it has become our new favorite place. We are foodies so we decided to take the drive down and it was so worth it,everything was delicious and the staff was so friendly. We will definitely be back!!!This was a great place to enjoy brunch..I have a friend who says.."it's not brunch unless it's bottomless!" .. and their bottomless flavored mimosas were right on point. Great way to enjoy a meal with friends.The food was pretty good the service was great I thought like the Drinks was a little bit more expensive because they had a live band but we was not  even in the same room to enjoy their music but Friday nights is karaoke and that was funI'll try not to be to lengthy but I think Relish actually deserves 3.5. We had a dinner for my Grandmother's birthday here last Saturday night. The whole reservation process was a little frustrating (I could write a paper on this alone) Once we arrived for dinner there still seem to be a bit of unpreparedness but it finally worked out. The food was fantastic I had the mango salmon and the bread and banana pudding which were both sooo yummy. Atmosphere was great, live band was good also. I would probably return but only on a weekday. Relish has great food with better organization/customer service it would be a five star restaurant.Horrible service by the store manger DARRYL GREEN. I spoke to Darryl about an issue that happened where he insulted and offended me. When I tired to speak with him about the issues and why I felt that way. He only said he was doing his job. He never apologized and he was very argumentative.Great place very classy and hosts are very professional. The food is good and the place is versitile. You can come on a date or with family and have a good time especially with the live band.Small parking lot! So get there early. Let me first say my portions were generous! Rib meat was cooked nice and dark on the outside but juicy and tender! Very good. I also liked the garlicky string beans! My $10 ciroc punch could have had more alcohol but it was good. But my FAVORITE was tha MAC n CHEESE! DELICIOUS and I will be going back! Karaoke made it that more fun. Atmosphere very nice!I visited Relish last night. I heard good things about it and skimmed a few great reviews. I will not be going back there to spend any money. It was freezing so bad that when people got up from the table next to us, I noticed that their body heat was aiding in the little warmth I had. The salad, the hot and sweet wings, and the collard greens were very basic and bland. The sweet potato mash was okay and fried chicken was mediocre. The salmon wasn't much to rave about either. Oh but the mac and cheese and the corn bread were on point!!! I wish I would've just had those 2 things. Also, the waiter (with the little nappy bush kind of) kept bumping into my chair without saying excuse me or anything. Maybe they should consider a table or two less or get servers who have manners and are more polite. Our server, although sweet, was not attentive at all. There was always a long wait for everything...drinks, apps, entrees. She was real quick to give us that check though.No complaints here. The service is great. They are ultra professional. Food is fresh and plenty. Great live music. Beautiful atmosphere. Gets no better than this.Mediocre...we arrived at 3:35 and had to wait to be seated until 4 which was not a problem, however when it came to seat us the couple came that cane in after as was seated first, and we were told that if we are seated at 4 that they would need the table back by 6.  The weirdest statement I have ever heard from a restaurant.
I had to have my water replaced twice, and the food was not that great.  All in all, waste of time and way too overpriced for the service and food.This review is based on my experience at their Sunday Brunch.  This is a very quaint spot that you definitely need to make a reservation for.  I didn't have a reservation and when I called was told that they would not be able to seat me.  I took my chances since it was still pretty early and went...to my surprise they were able to accommodate my party of 2 with about a 10 min wait time.  While the host/hostess were very nice and accommodating they seemed to be stretched a bit thin.  We were seated and immediately we were told we could help ourselves to the buffet area and a server would be by for drink orders.  The buffet area was orderly, the food was fresh and very good.  There was a large variety to choose from and replacement food was brought pretty consistently if something was getting low.  My only issue I encountered that day was with the service.  It appeared as though there was an adequate amount of servers, however, my waiter while pleasant was very absent.  He wasn't very attentive at all and when I asked for the check there seemed to be an issue with their system so he proceeded to add my order up in his head and offer me a hand written receipt.  This to me sounded very fishy as I had no idea what the prices were since we were there for the brunch.  I said I'm not comfortable with that and waited a while longer until the system had been restored.  He then brings me printed check that's about 20.00 more than what he originally told me.  He knew there was no way that would fly and just opted to adjust the check to the original amount he spewed out from his mental calculation.  I did leave 15% gratuity even though I didn't think the service warranted it.  There was no live music going on yet, if so that might have raised the rating another star.  So my overall opinion of this spot is that I will visit again based on the food but they need to revamp the service aspect because it was close to terrible.Went for Sunday brunch , I was able to get a last minute reservation which was great. The line for food was longer than I prefer . It took 25-30 minutes to get food . Once we ate, I realized It was worth the wait !Let's me start by saying the food is awesome and so is the service.I had the relish chopped salad and it was amazing also everything on the menu looked good..the prices were reasonable as well.I will be visiting this restaurant more oftenMy wife and I went last night, and I must say we were both impressed. Our food was amazing, service was great and the atmosphere was wonderful. My wife had her doubts before going but she thoroughly enjoyed herself.Good variety of food for Sunday brunch, have options for breakfast or lunch. The service was very professional, so good to see and support a successful black-owned restaurant. Great atmosphere for after church gathering, family outing or date location. Will definitely come and visit again.Visited Philly and came here for Sunday dinner with a group of friends.  We were seated in the extension part of the restaurant - the setup was ok, felt like I was sitting in a banquet hall but they made it look as "elegant" as they could.  Food & drinks were good. Caution: they do not split checks so best to bring cash; gratuity automatically added for a table of 5 or more.Stopped in last Friday night since I haven't been here in a while. This used to be my weekend getaway and I was quite the regular, so I felt like home.  I really love the friendly, family, atmosphere of this restaurant.  I'm sure they have a lot of regulars because people really just love the food and the specials are affordable.  On Friday nights they have live music.  Tonight is the G2 band.  Einstein pasta was surprisingly very flavorful. It came in a broth and then it had spinach sun-dried tomatoes garlic seasoning. I think they should cut the pasta by 50%. Way too much pasta and not enough spinach sun-dried tomatoes which really does make the dish flavorful.  The current menu comes with penne pasta but it used to come with fettuccine or maybe it was linguine - either way the long noodles made it a nicer dish better than Penne. Oh! It does come with grated cheese on top and I keep forgetting to ask them NO cheese.  I think they should put the cheese on the side to make it a true vegetarian dish.Went here this past weekend for brunch.  The restaurant contacted me beforehand to confirm and was told that the total for the brunch would be $32 per person (INCLUDING gratuity).  Arrived and had no problem being seated; the hostess was pleasant.  The food was ok.  Had the jerk chicken (which was the best) fried chicken, fish, waffles, omelet, banana pudding, bacon, sausage, cabbage and a mimosa.. I wanted to try different things to be able to give an unbiased review. The bacon and sausage was COLD.  The chicken was warm.  The mimosa was weak.  Now comes the time for the check .. it was almost 60 bucks more than what it should be.   Asked the waitress to verify what each person was charged and she said it was $37 per person (with gratuity).  At this point I was irritated and I guess I should have verified the price AGAIN before we sat down to eat.  Bottom line, it was a cool spot, atmosphere was nice and the food is ok, but for almost $40 per person (NOT INCLUDING DRINKS) I will not return. 
p.s.  if you receive a confirmation call .. get the name of the person you speak with informing you of the price to avoid paying more after you eat ....Friday Night Karaoke is the BEST! My friends and I decided to take part in the Whitney Houston karaoke tribute night at Relish and I am in love with this place. This was my first visit and I will definitely frequent this fine establishment more often. The decor, setup, staff, food, and drinks (strong, not watered down)  are far better than Warmdaddys (sister company) anyday of the week. This place is PURE CLASS. Can't wait to try their Sunday Brunch...PS Shakira was AMAZING! Will definitely see her perform again!Great food and service. 
But the telephone customer service was horrible when I called in to make reservations to come back again.
If you make reservations walk in to make them, Do Not call.Can't really tell u how good the food is...im sitting here now...its 8:50, I've been here since 7:00 and I still don't have any food. This is beyond slow and it's really not that busy. No line for waiting so I don't know what is taking so long. I'm so hungry and so frusterated!!!
Finally got my food. Decent for the most part but they must have ran out of shrimp and tries to t.v. us some frozen bagged shrimp for $22. UNBELIEVABLE!! They did admit it but I can't believe they tried to pass off store bought frozen shrimp for a real meal???Service is crazy. Too 20 minutes to get a spoon for the grits. Fish needed more seasoning.This place was definitely what it was talked up to be. The decorations and ambience was elegant, a nice calm environment. The food was pretty good, a very wide variety of food to choose from. I went for Sunday dinner, next time I would want to go for brunch.Nice location, but thats it. Went there on a Sunday before 6pm and was forced to choose from the limited buffet.. Not to mention at $25 per person not to include tax, tip, or drinks (which was yelled at me before seating). The buffet consisted of fried fish, drum sticks, jerked chicken, and a few sides. There was a pasta bar that no one seemed interested in, and a desert bar. Bottom like I ended up rushing home to use the bathroom after wasting money and time at this place.FUCKIN' FINALLY--as Southerner who recent moved up this way, I finally found a spot that even comes close to the food we have back home. Thank god, I was starting to go insane from the lack of seasoned food around these parts...
Anyway, I highly recommend the cornbread here and the Sunday buffet was super cute. Based on the size of the main dining area and the buffet + the amount of customers coming in, I could see the potential for the waitstaff to get kind of bogged down, but they were very personable and professional during our visit. Quick, too. Would like to go back again on a weekday to check out the regular menu.Valentine's Day evening ...excellent food and superb service. The server and manager were so observant and attentive to our needs more so than we were lol . Everything was simply ExcellentVery good food service was a little slow. But drinks and food were amazing. Love the jazz nice atmosphere  reasonable prices!Cornbread is like dessert--you must order it. I can highly recommend the catfish too, I've been twice and both times the food and the service were impeccable. Soul food with sophistication.It has become way too crowded for Sunday brunch, my boyfriend and I rarely sat down to eat together because either I am standing line and he is eating or vice versa,  they ran out of plates and we had to wait for clean plates at one point. The line was to the door waiting for the buffet about an hour after we got there. The opening is blocked from the back area and the kitchen which causes you to say excuse me 10x to the people in line for the omelets/waffles and the line for the buffet. Brunch was over $100.00 because we had four mimosas, but the crowd and the noise level and not being able to eat together at the same time is an issue, we really enjoy the food there,but for the crowd and price we may have to search for another spotWe went to Relish yesterday to try what all the hype was about but I wasn't that impressed. The atmosphere was nice with the live jazz playing but the food wasn't as great as I thought it would be. Fried chicken was mediocre. The chicken corn chowder came out cold and had a sour taste to it. The lamb chop as pretty good but not the greatest. Me and my GF would probably went to ms tootsie instead. Overall was good but not worth the drive.Food is great. Service is very slow. Had reservations and was seated for 15 minutes without getting my order taken. Decided to move to the bar expecting faster service. There's a packed house with ONE bartender and it took almost 15 minutes to get order taken here. Love the restaurant but they should be more adequately staffed for the amount of people in the restaurantLet me start off by saying the food was excellent Without question.   I had the ribs and it was clearly slowly braised to perfection with a sauce that just matches perfectly.  The cornbread is a must have. Let me repeat.....DO NOT LEAVE WITHOUT EATING THE CORNBREAD!!!!!!!!  I had to give them three stars (because they don't allow for three and a half), because although we were seated immediately as a party of ten, my son and another one of our parties weren't served for about five or eight minutes after we were served. My ribs were warm and not hot which means it was sitting for a while before it got to me. The personnel were excellent and very accommodating.  I would definitely go back againWow I don't get why people like this place so much.  I have heard from numerous people how good the brunch supposedly was but it was just ok.  The brunch is a buffet which I have no problem with.  It's just all the food tasted...cheap.  I tried a little bit of a lot of things.  French toast, biscuit, turkey bacon, salmon fried rice, fried chicken, omelette.  The only thing I thought was good was the French toast and it's not like it was amazing.  The chicken was fine but tasted like grocery store fried chicken.  The omelette was bad.  The shrimp in the shrimp and grits tasted like frozen cheap shrimp.  It also was not cheap.  $70 for a table for two after tip.  We certainly walked away full but I can't say we enjoyed our meal.  Pretty disappointing.
I am still giving three stars because the service was great and all the employees were very friendly.I had brunch here today (Sunday) and may I just say...omg. The brunch buffet is everything. There's breakfast food (omelette bar, waffle/pancake bar, french toast, amazingly well-seasoned home fries) and lunch (amazing fried chicken and collared greens!) and dessert! (BREAD PUDDING...i am not big on it, but this one was so good!) 
the coffee is spot on and the drinks are well made and strong. 
i had a great experience and will come back again for brunch for sure.We went for lunch without realizing it was buffet style.   Food selection was the bare minimal.  If it wasn't for the friendly chef at the hot station, I would give this place one star.   Our bill for 3 people was $100 - definitely not worth it at all.  We were highly disappointed, and will not be returning.I've been to Relish a few times and the food is what you'd expect from a soul food restaurant (no complaints but nothing to rave about). Each time I've gone, I was part of a fairly large group and would say while the service is reasonable there is always a fairly long wait time for everything. Perhaps having more than one server for large parties with reservations would help with this and make a more enjoyable experience for guests. I'm sure I'll go back again because a close relative likes to host celebrations there but I do hope that it doesn't take over an hour to get food the next time I go.I visited Relish for the Sunday brunch buffet recently. The food was good... I especially enjoyed the shrimp and grits. Unfortunately, I wasn't able to try everything as it was so crowded. The crowds also extended the wait time in the buffet lines which made the food get a little cold by the time you got the your table. Ultimately, I would like to go back during a less busy time to try more of the menu. Definitely worth checking out!This place is so good. One of the best soul food spots in Philly. I have never sat in, I always choose to get takeout since it's pretty close to where I live and it always tastes just as good at home. The braised turkey wings are awesome (and I think I've managed to duplicate them at home), as well as the fried chicken, mac & cheese, collard greens and corn bread. Tastes just like home. If I didn't enjoy my own Thanksgiving meal so much, I would consider purchasing off their Thanksgiving To Go menu.Went here to celebrate a friends birthday and boy was the food good!!!  I remember this placing having several names in the past but never went in.  The service was excellent and they had a live band playing which made the atmosphere feel like it should have been a weekend event, even though it was a Thursday evening.  Their cornbread was delicious!! nothing like your typical cornbread especially since we had to share, so good I wanted my own.  I would definetly go again!!!My family came here for my mother's 50th bday a week ago. Overall it was a great experience. The deviled egg appetizer was tasty and the cornbread was a little sweet but good. Now the fried chicken dinner was EVERYTHING. It was seasoned well, crispy fried on the outside, and juicy on the inside. The mac and cheese side dish was equally good! The only thing I didnt care for were the collard greens. They were cut too big and had stems. Otherwise we enjoyed everything. Its a spacious place, with great decor, and very friendly staff. My family loved it and we will definitely returnThis was my first time at this OARC publicly funded restaurant whose back story may raise some eyebrows. 
Relish was recommended by my sister who was also my brunching companion. We arrived without a reservation which is required for Sunday Brunch but we were early enough and a small enough party to still get our name in the book. We arrived for the 1:30 seating, which is the last of two seatings for brunch. We were seated at the bar around 2:00 pm. All told our wait time was 45 min. We were comfortable so I didn't mind but would do myself a favor and call ahead next time.
I enjoyed sitting at the bar rather than a table because we were in the room with the buffet. The other diners came in through an adjoining dining room. We had the advantage of being able to moniter the lines and the turnover of popular items. 
There were waffle, omelette and pasta stations where your choice of ingredients was rather impressive and cooked to order. The chaballah French toast was delicious, the jerk chicken (thighs & drums only) was moist and spicy though I've had hotter, and the shrimp & grits were amazing. I actually managed to wolf down two bowls of it. There were also some salads, fruit and deserts.
I also had the home fries with peppers and onions. I didn't care for the way the potatoes were cut and felt they needed more seasoning. I also wanted the peppers and onions to be more done and not have that crunch. I also missed regular pork bacon and sausage. I don't know why you would not offer your paying customer a choice but they only served turkey bacon and sausage and neither of them looked appealing to me. I deducted a star for that fact alone. And lastly I felt the menu was more LINNER than BRUNCH. There was fried chicken and catfish, jerk chicken, cabbage, greens and rice but a pancake, crepe, smoked salmon and simple scrambled eggs were no where to be found.
But this IS southern fare and it's done mostly very well in a jazz infused ambiance that is typical of a Bynum Brothers establishment. I do recommend.By far the best Salmon I've ever had. The service was Great. My server was very attentive and came back to check on us throughout our dinner . The atmosphere is perfect for a date night or bday dinner with some friends .I had dinner with my honey on June 2, 2011.  We had a WONDERFUL time.  Our host was very attentive and made some nice drink suggestions for us.  When we received a wobbly (not sure if thats a word) table, without us even asking, he fixed it for us when he noticed it and was also gracious enough to take an appetizer off our bill for the trouble.  I wish I could mention him by name.  Anywho, the food was GREAT, hot and fresh.  The seafood 4 mac and cheese is to die for.  Our entrees were delicious as well.  The live entertainment was the icing on the cake.  It didnt hurt that they had the playoffs on TV for honey to watch either! haha  We will be returning and suggesting to others.My family and I had Brunch here after the weather ruined my birthday plans Saturday night. I called to increase my reservations to a larger party and they nicely accommodated us. I was also allowed to bring my birthday cake. This made my life stress free. The waiter and hostess was great. We enjoyed the buffet selection. The food was great. I will returnAs it relates to Kemi's review I  must say it's not a fair comparison, Sadiki's and Relish being there is an entirely different wait staff, (my guess and think my taste buds agree) cooks, management as mentioned already as well as a different partnership. The Bynum Bro's were not part owner of Sadiki's are of Relish so think this restaurant should get a clean slate in the review dept......and not PR btw:) But don't drink so can't vouch for that area but food wise and service (even with what I'm going to mention below) much improved.
But with that said I do need to deduct a star:) Went back last month to check out Jeff Bradshaw and the host was real smug. I believe he heard the disdain in my friend's voice and kept trying to account for it but didn't do a very good job. After telling us we'd have about a 20 minute wait to get to a seat in the stage area due to a wedding party and just business of the restaurant as a whole that night, we were "promptly" seated in the former patio area although we stressed we were there specifically to check out Bradshaw's set and didn't have an issue with waiting for seating.  
A few of us were hungry so opted to stay anyway and take the seats offered could still hear him play. I stuck with my usual the shrimp and grits which were good as usual, my friend got the mussels, another the Caesar with crab meat and last in the party a burger. We barely saw our waiter that night either and when the host came over to ask how thing were going , we told him we barely saw our waiter that night and he proceeded to let us know he's one of the best waiters on staff.....not the response when dealing with displeased customers. 
Everyone enjoyed the food but was a bit disappointed by service and hope it was just a bad night Yet after having two good experiences before this I'll stick with them and consider making a reservation next time as well as speaking directly to management when it comes to service issues.I have been here on several occasions. I have enjoyed it each time. The fried chicken, Mac n cheese, collard greens are. Great. The deviled egg appetizer are delicious. I'm not crazy about the cornbread. Doesn't equal my momma's. The drinks are good. Not watered down. Go and enjoy the live music.Just had dinner with our super neighbor friends. Jazz quartet was awesome. Enhanced the total atmosphere . Food and drink was GreatThe food is still good - when you finally get it.
I ordered takeout on a Friday night, recently. Their site says 30 minutes until it's ready, for pick up. OK. When I arrived it took an additional, 45 minutes for the food to come out; during that time, I was able to see the clientele has changed significantly. What used to be a diverse and upscale group has turned to what looks like mid-level dealers accompanied by "wish" they were video vixens (I know that was harsh but...it's what I saw).
My food finally arrived and, I was given several comp cards for drinks and hors d'oeuvres for het ridiculous wait. I'm never going back. There was a lot of apologizing. That's swell but I'm never going back. All that I just mentioned, solely, is reason enough but here's what's solidified my decision.
When the food arrived, I paid and left. More than half way home I realized an item was missing. Yup! I called, told them of the omission and was given a hard time about it. I know...I couldn't believe it either. I asked ardently that the item be ready when I got back there (it was a dessert). I had to wait another 10 minutes and was given more comp cards. I'm NEVER going back.
When we got home and opened our platters, the food was pretty good but...hold on! One of the sides in a platter was missing.
I'M NEVER GOING BACK.The food is great with reasonable prices. The drinks are delicious. The service is poor. The wait staff is overwhelmed and we had to wait over an hour for food.This place was very good if you like soul food and live music. The prices were not bad averaging $15-20 for dinner. We had a party of 7 all male cousins (for perspective) they would have gotten 5 stars but they took a while getting our drinks to the table and one of our severs was a little snippy he was a male helping bring out our plates and when your spending $300 plus..... You expect more. But overall I really like it and definitely would go back!I luv Relish to pieces. I've been going to their Sunday brunch for almost a year now. I average about once a month. The food is always great. So is the crazy juice. I deducted a star because their service isn't as good as it used to be. I've been for dinner twice. It was very good.I am writing this while I sit in the restaurant waiting for our bill to be recalculated. The food was horrible.  I sent the seafood mac n cheese back, the bacon wrapped scallops were bland and the bacon was cheap, another party sent those back. Our party sent back 2 appetizers and 3 entrees.  The service was also horrible,  the waitress was nice but she was serving the entire room. It took us an hour just to pay THE . NEVER GOING BACK.Always a pleasure to dine at Relish, food, music, drinks,& atmosphere are a plus. Get that cornbread in a pan it's to die for.I love it here.  I had the macaroni and cheese and chicken and it was amazing, our waitress was very sweet as well. I even loved the live music which I am usually not a fan of At All.  I can't remember what drink I had but it was also delicious, I don't have any complaints. I'm also thinking about having my Bday dinner here.Relish Restaurant.....It's a soul food restaurant that I visited last month when I was on leave in Philly.  Located in West Oak Lane area, right near my grandmother's house.  When you first walk in, it has a relaxing atmosphere.  Look to your right, there is live jazz band playing and if you look to your far right you can see two flat screen tv's with the football games playing so you can keep score.  The waiters are very friendly and polite.  I ordered the crab cake, with cornbread and Yams.  This is a really nice, upscale restaurant that's great to bring your family but I wouldn't recommend really small children because of the jazzy atmosphere.  Great restaurant I will definitely eat here again with my family.I decided to leave a review for Relish because I saw so many low star reviews and was astonished. I LOVED Relish on my first visit and everyone I've ever mentioned it to loved it as well. I've never tasted anything bad from the kitchen.  It bland, unseasoned, etc. and I'm a picky soul food water because I can definitely make it myself. The atmosphere was warm and inviting even though it was later in the evening. They remained open past closing to ensure we could eat and relax and did not complain once. No one cleaned around us or made us uncomfortable. The chef came and personally asked if there was any complaints and I throughly enjoyed that birthday.