New Chef is not nearly as talented as the previous chef. The food is lacking in seasoning and creativity.  Other than that the atmosphere is still the same.Love the view of the city out behind the park. Good burgers and a nice draft list. Seems like a fun little spot.A friend and I came here for drinks and a bite to eat after yesterday's game, and it hit the spot!
I started out with a watermelon draft, which was very refreshing given the heat. We then continued with a share of the quesadilla, before I ordered the truffle fries and he ordered the burger. Everything was well-prepared and tasty, and the burger looked delicious! Sadly, I wasn't in the mood for meat, so I didn't sample it myself.
If I am ever in the mood for a burger in the future, though, I'd definitely keep Rembrandt's in mind! Furthermore, it comes with your choice of fries or a salad and given the generous portions, would make a great share along with a side of fries.
The only downside to everything was the spotty service.
And maybe that can be remedied by sitting at the bar next time!Went here for brunch last Sunday with my boyfriend and another couple before hitting up the art museum for pay-what-you-want-first-Sunday. The restaurant and bar were pretty empty when we arrived a little bit after 11am, so we were seated right away in the dining room area. The restaurant is cute and has a decent amount of seating.
Considering how empty it was, our waiter took about 10 minutes until he greeted our table. I ordered a bloody mary and was craving something sweet to eat, so I decided on the challah french toast which was topped with walnuts and berries. This was a pretty large portion and I really enjoyed it.  The others in my group had pancakes, eggs benedict (which looked amazing!), and the veggie omelet. I think we were all mostly satisfied with our food selections, however on the menu, the veggie omelet said it included avocado, but it was actually topped with an avocado mush-puree which my friend wasn't too thrilled about. 
Overall a decent experience, however the drinks were a little on the pricey side and our waiter wasn't overly friendly or attentive. I would definitely go to Rembrandt's again for dinner and drinks.Hard to go wrong with Rembrandt's. Close to the art museum and other great Philly locales. In the summer, patrons can sit outside and gaze at the skyline. Inside, try the dining room unless you prefer the noisy bar area. Food here rarely disappoints. On a recent visit, I had the award-winning turkey burger--big and juicy with bree and a side of yummy, crispy fries. My tyke had the grilled cheese and since she didn't finish it I had a taste. Wow! Hit me like a cheddar freight train. All in all, R's is a homey, friendly, special place to return to again and again.I haven't been here in a few years, but my experiences were always good at Rembrandt's. I've only ever been to the dining room area or sat outside, so this review does not apply to the bar.  It seems like the menu changes very frequently, but I do seem to recall having many good appetizers and one time ordering gnocchi.  The food was always very good, however, the prices were a little high for what I got.  Expect an entree to be about $20 for an average-sized portion.  Recommended.Always a solid meal. I love that they always have a nice comfort type meal on the menu. Nice location. love the option of outdoor eating in the warmer months. They also have a nice kids menu.We came here for brunch after the marathon on Saturday, and I am hooked! I've been here for dinner before a few times, but I can't say it was as memorable as this brunch was. 
Two words: TURKEY BURGER
I know, how amazing can a turkey burger really be? Well, this turkey burger will change that attitude after the first bite. Seasoned perfectly with a little kick, topped with slaw and a silky aoli. Choice of salad or fries on the side, and you can't go wrong with either choice (I stole some of my dad's fries and they were great, crispy and perfectly salted). The dressing is honestly the best I've had in a while, light and tangy with a hint of sweetness. Overall, a nearly perfect plate of food. 
Oh! And I saw that on football Sundays and Mondays, they have some great drink and food specials including dollar sliders!! I'll tell you what, if they use the same quality meat for these sliders as they use for the burgers, I would rack that bill up quickly ;)The food and service is good, but could freshen up there menu.  As other bars in the area have been adding more interesting options they seem to stay the same.   Had a big mix up with a credit card here once, where they charged my card and gave it to someone else.  Everything ended up fine, but was a pain for me to deal with.After visiting the Eastern State Penitentary, we stopped at a few bars around including this one. What a good happy hour! $3 well drinks, beers, and a host of $3 smaller portion apps (bacon wrapped scallops, flank steak taco, wings, gambas, hummus and sliders which had sold out). Of all of the food we ordered, I only tried the caper hummus which was really good. They only gave four pieces of pita bread and I was grateful when an employee asked us if we wanted more. The portion of hummus you get does not fit the portion of pita bread. 
I liked the atmosphere (upscale but relaxed) and was wowed by the menu. The menu was on the pricey side but some of the items had me itching to come back the next time I was in town and wanted a sit-down meal.After living in fairmount for about 2 years, I can easily say Rembrant's is the most solid choice. 
The bartender is phenomenal and makes us feel so comfortable and welcome. He's also great with drink suggestion and has not steered us wrong even once. The menu has changed over time, especially more recently now that there is a new chef as of a few months ago. The burgers were to die for before, and now they are a solid choice on the menu. The specials are usually phenomenal but be weary of portion sizes occasionally. 
All in all, this is the place to go to for a good meal in fairmount at an affordable price.Had a great experience here today, much improved since our last visit. We were a party of 7 for brunch and the staff quickly set up a table for us. We were greeted right away and our drinks came quickly. Food was excellent, especially the breakfast pizza and BLTs. It also came out quickly. Their specialty bloodys were delicious! Bartender was so sweet and really took care of us. The bill was around $25/person before tip, well worth it and we will be back!I could always expect a delicious, perfectly cooked burger from Rembrandts. Not anymore. I have heard their is a new cook and new owners. I don't know whether either is true, but the last two burgers I have had were both way overlooked (more than well done when I have requested medium). They also gave me hot sauce wings when I ordered BBQ on my last take out order. Something seems to have happened recently that has resulted in a much less enjoyable experience.My husband and I live in the neighborhood and have been frequenting Rembrandt's for years. We have dined in, got take out, and have also just come for the bar scene. The food is good with an ever changing menu, keeping things fresh. Unfortunately, our last experience (or lack there of) has left us unhappy with Rembrandt's. On typical football Sunday, this is one of our go to spots. We wanted to get take out and called several times, with no answer, probably in the span of about an hour and a half. Needless to say, we got take out elsewhere and will not be relying on them moving forward. Upsetting to lose a good spot like this!Dragged the family out of bed and did a forced march from The Logan over to Rembrandt for brunch. Upon making the turn on to 23d, the complaining about the distance was coming in and continued right to the door of the restaurant.
Once getting in and seated with menus, the complaining when down to grumbling, and once the coffee came, the grumbling was reduced to mumbling, which was followed by silence as the crew began to chomp down on the food.
Great meal, nice and warm staff, and the warm sun beaming in the windows made for an awesome experience. I have to say they are also really flexible, as I am avoiding starches and carbs, and they did a side salad with an omelet for me. The rest of the crew loved their meals - turkey burger, eggs Benedict, caramel apple French toast, and buttermilk pancakes.
Always great to be back in our hometown, and the food at Rembrandt made the trip definitely worth doing again.An excellent beer and wine selection, slow but pleasant bar service, and noticeable improvement in the food from when I was here last, about 2 years ago.
We rolled into this neighborhood pub from the Rembrandt exhibit at the Art Museum.  That was kind of fitting, dontcha think?  From Rembrandt to Rembrandt's? ;-)
There was a great draft beer selection on the blackboard, but there were only three beers on happy hour special.  Anyway, my friend had  the Pils special, it was above average.  I, of course, had to have my daily IPA fix, so I tried a sample of the full priced Mission IPA, and followed that up with more of the same after sucking that first glass dry.
They had a few food happy hour specials, small bites.  I had the wings, which were 3 wings of great size, served with a tiny bit of fresh crispy slaw, the wings were perfectly hot, but the batter was laid on a little thick.  $3, so for a buck a wing, that wasn't really a special, but very good nonetheless.  
We next split a Jambalaya Pizza.  My friend said it was the best thing she had put in her mouth in weeks.  No comment :-X  It was really, really good.  Think about the flavors of the best Jambalaya you could find in the area, spread it thin on an ultra perfect crispy crust.  We couldn't get enough of it, it disappeared quickly, all of it.  And it was not small either!!
We were so blown away by that dish, we had to try something else, so we split the burger of the day.  It was a smoked pork burger.  Creatively concocted, assembled, and on a wonderful bun, but it was only slightly above average on the palate.  
Overall, I am very happy I returned after 2 years and add it to the list of another good choice in the Art Museum area.  Nice mixed neighborhood crowd, friendly, not overly loud and a very nice happy hour ambiance if you had a stressful day.I have been coming to Rembrandt's for 5 years now.  I have been through many, many chef / menu changes.  Everytime they change the menu and or chef, I find myself coming here less and less.  As I knew they were looking for a new chef, my wife and I decided to give it another try.  The food has always been decent and it still is.  The problem is, with this latest iteration, that the portion sizes have shrunk and the prices have increased.  They also decided to shrink the menu, which usually means that they are concentrating on doing a few dishes very well, but the food was just decent.  
Back in the day, when Rembrandt's was a weekly habit, we could go and get a huge meal, take leftovers home, and drink, for under $40. (not including tip)  My wife and I shared an appetizer, each ate a  meal, and shared a dessert and still felt hungry.  What is worse, is that we didn't drink anything and the bill was $60.
My recommendations: Bring back the spicy, clam and corn chowder.  Increase the portion sizes and lower prices.  The food is decent, just pricey for what you get.  I enjoyed the Steak Frites, it just wasn't enough.  
I understand that the management and chef are still making tweeks, but they still need to keep tweeking.  As Rembrandt's has always been a staple, I will try it again in three months to see if they have improved.Last night I had a party for 14 booked, and we ran very late from the event we were at. The restaurant kept my table with no issues or attitude which was appreciated.
My party was impressed with the atmosphere - casual, mild, but if we had some loud spurts of conversation it blended in too. Music choice appreciated, mostly indie and alternative rock. Overall, the service was attentive, and timed well. For example, when I asked one waiter for an extra fork, a manager close to the kitchen doors got it instead. 
The food was great. Everyone enjoyed their food, the homemade pickles are worth a try, and the entire table cleared the plates. Desserts are on the smaller side (i.e. not necessarily sharing size), but rich and satisfying. I was told by a handful of my guests "Great choice in restaurants!", which made me happy to have spent my money wisely.The food was pretty good, but not the best. Drink selection is expansive. Wait staff is very friendly and offers suggestions. 
The only downer was that we went for lunch and there were crying children and a man threatening to slap his grandchild. NICE GUY.This review is solely based on their happy hour and late night specials - as that is all I have ever enjoyed here at Rembrandt's.  However, every time I have gone there for a happy hour or late night special - I have been thoroughly happy.  Rembrandt's has a decent wine and beer selection - and a great selection of foods, including yummy pizzas.  The bar tenders and servers are always nice, and the prices are pretty right.  The space is large, and good for large groups or crowds. I'm a pretty big fan, and really see no reason why I wouldn't go there if I was in the neighborhood.  NOT so sure that I'd go very far out of my way to get here, but it's definitely worth hanging out in.Had the Salmon Poke again on a Wednesday while sitting on the patio at 8pm. It was a Perfect, cool, fresh Paleo meal for only $13.  Best deal in the neighborhood. 
Rembrandt's is a regular neighborhood go to. Very pleased with new chef - a much MUCH needed improvement. Until he arrived, my neighbors and I all but just could not eat there anymore. 
Recently had the Philly Clam Bake and Salmon Poke.  Holy shit it was delicious. Quality fish, 
perfectly cooked - or, in the case of the Salmon, prepared.  20 years ago I swear I had the best cassoulet of my life there during a snowstorm but no one ever seems to remember that. Also I swear that ceiling was white and it made the place look so much better. Also, Christmas lights in July? I get the idea, but it should be executed better. This isn't a dorm room. 
We really like the new chef Alex, and bartenders Chris and Joe. 
Quizzo here stinks in my opinion, but I see I brings in the frat crowd, which I guess is good for them but bad for the rest of the planet. The quizzo dudes music is awful and loud and I find him obnoxious. 
Otherwise, it is a neighborhood go-to with a nice local crowd.not bad, but i've been going to this place for over a decade, and it's gotten worse :/ 
used to be OUTSTANDING. would be there almost every night.  better beer selection back then, as well.  enough with the philly breweries.. they're not any good. bring back hoegaarden. 
they used to have a wonderful gnocci dish with duck (that was TO DIE FOR) and better salads.
the french onion soup is still so incredibly wonderful, thank god. i recommend that to everyone. 
i just wish they'd bring back the old favourites.
but this place does have my favourite bartender in the WHOLE city.  make sure you say hello to Molly. she is a sweetheart who knows her stuff.  she definitely MAKES the rembrandts experience a whole lot better :)I had a great time reacquainting myself with this place after a gap of 4 years or so.  My buddy and I were headed to Bridgets to catch up and enjoy food, beer and the usual good conversation there but alas, there was NO PARKING.  As we left that area we took a spot near Rembrandt's instead, and we had a great time.
The conversation with other patrons and the bartender were as good as Bridgets and the atmosphere even nicer.  Molly the bartender took our orders and when I ordered The Paesano Burger {Char-grilled 8oz. Sirloin Burger, Gorgonzola Dolce, Caramelized Onion, Bacon, Aioli, Balsamic Drizzle and Fries on the Bun) she made a strange face and warned me, as if I had a poisonous spider on my shoulder... "You know, I'll bring you this burger, because it's amazing, but you CANNOT PUT KETCHUP ON IT".  I was a little surprised to hear such a pushy statement when placing a burger order at a bar but I considered how quickly Molly became quirky-chummy with me and my buddy, obviously as freakishly-friendly and weird as us.  So, I made a face back and said, "oh yeah? what are ya gonna do if I put ketchup on it? huh? huh?" and as if reading my mind, she said, Look I don't care, you can YELP me if you want to , people have before, my name is MOLLY.  Go ahead, but trust me on this."
My 2nd beer arriving quickly diverted my attention.  A little while later though when this crazy burger-like mirage appeared I thought DAMN.  I noticed Molly discreetly placed a small thing of Ketchup next to my plate, our eyes met, my face turned into a probing question and she quielty replied "it's for the fries"  her own face became one of a that stern nun from the 4th grade, you know the one that threw chalkboard erasers at you from across the room like missiles whenever caught being bad.
The burger was amazing, the patrons fun to talk to as well as Molly who made the night so much fun.  Oh yeah, the polish dude that does the quizzo, was fun too and I almost suspect he plays up the mispronunciation intentionally (?).
As for the ketchup, i lied and told her i used it on the burger, just to defy her.  Her eyes opened, shocked as if i had slapped her but I couldn't keep a straight face long enough.I headed over here Thursday night for the Kick the Keg event with the launch of the Dogfish Head Bitches Brew.  Apparently the owner was able to acquire a sixtel of it. and they were serving it till it kicked.  
The service was pretty good, but the place was also very packed for a Thursday night (probably because there was an Eagles game on).  The space is huge, but there were no seats at the bar and only 1 table near the bathroom available.  This a great, chill, neighborhood bar in the Fairmount area.  They also have a lot of great winter beers on draft, so I will probably be back again!One thing this place has going for it is the view it offers of the city. Seeing the skyline, next to the Pent, and being outside are beautiful things. I enjoyed my beer. As for the food, I ordered a torta cubana that didn't sit right. It looked nice, but didn't really hit the mark on what a torta cubana is supposed to be. More importantly, it destroyed my stomach. I think the chorizo was undercooked. So, perhaps my luck was bad that day. My eating partner enjoyed their meal as far as a I know. Next time, I'll stick to a burger well-done.A lovely place that I went to for lunch. I took my co-workers here for a meal. 
I found the food selections average, but well prepared. 
The service was good. The environment was nice, a little too loud though. 
The staff I took here have been back and still like the place.New Menu started. I tried the chicken sandwich to play it safe. Everything worked except it was on a can I have another glass of water Stale and dry multi-grain bun? making everything good about the sandwich not on spot.  The Bun ruined it.  I ate it all as it was delicious regardless of the breadFirst impression when we walked in was wow this place looks interesting. Greeted by the hostess when we walked in. she sat us at a 2 person table near the window.. It was such a small table, cramped and too small for adults. it should be a table for kids to sit at.  we asked if we could Move to a 4 seater table which was so much better... After this it went a little down hill from there. our first table with the 2 seater we had a dirty plate.. unwashed with orange gunk on it. I told the busser and hostess about it and it was awkward silence. Took the plate and never apologized or acknowledged that it was unclean..Next my husband drank from his glass of water and made a face. I asked him what's wrong and he said the rim of the glass tasted salty for some reason. I immediately told him to wipe the rim and also ask for straws asap. I ended up wiping all my utensils and checked my plates for anything that was unsanitary,dirty,and unwashed.. one thing as well was that it was almost 1 pm and only one other table was occupied with 2 people at another cramped wall table. Besides us and the other table it was completely empty.  I thought why wouldn't they allow people to sit in a much wider table if it wasnt busy? just curious.. We ended up ordering the chicken wings, crab Benedict, and the Breakfast Burger. Our wait was maybe about 20-30 min before we got our main dishes. I ended up wondering what happend to the chicken wings which should of came out first instead of out main entrees since it was the appetizer. . I asked our server about it he went to check and he came back saying it'll be out in a min. Not trying to be rude but we were already enjoying our main meals and no longer wanted the chicken wings since they didn't come out first.  He said it was okay and took it off our bill. The demeanor of the staff seemed really fake not genuine when it came to customer service. My husband and I always feel bad if we have to ask for multiple things or if somethings wrong were not the type to complain. We're always very polite when it comes to uncertaintys,but this staff didn't have much manners.. No your welcomes after a thank you.. Didn't feel welcomed at all.. We won't be back. The food we ordered was delicious. minus the chicken wings we never got to try,Loved the Breakfast Burger but I really didn't care for the sauce it came with . It was literally drenched in it..but customer service is huge for us and because of it they lost customers.I'm really excited about the menu change here. For a while it was touch and go and even the great beer selection couldn't get me in there for a meal (this was my first time back to the restaurant since April). But it appears that the pizza is back to being spectacular and after oogling the meals being served to patrons in the back bar, there are some other menu items I'm looking forward to trying.  I would definitely recommend the sesame seared tuna salad- A week later, it still haunts my dreams.  It's $14, which seems a little pricey for a salad, but it's worth every penny.07/2012:  I strongly feel the need to update my review as a result of the new chef and the new menu.  This WAS my favorite neighborhood go-to place but now I don't think I'll return.  The good service is the only thing going for them.  No more flat breads, no more rogue burger, no more eggs benedict, no more of any of my favorites.  I tried the western burger per the waitress' recommendation and ordered it medium.  It came out extra well done.  By the time my new burger came (yes, I couldn't eat the dry crumbly meat so I sent it back) the entire rest of my table was done eating. They also changed the turkey burger recipe to an over spiced oniony something I'll never order.  Why would you change the best alternative burger recipe in the city?!?  It's very disappointing that I truly have no reason to return to what was my favorite restaurant in Fairmount.  
04/2011:  Miss the poisano burger. Brunch & cheap bloodys are fabulous. Great happy hour too. Mmm steak tacos... and gotta love the $2 yeungling during eagles, flyers, sixers & phillies games.  
This is definitely my favorite bar in my neighborhood (Fairmount).~ Good food, good service, nice setting. The prices are moderate and their beer selection is great! Go for the high-end burgers and flatbread pizzas. ~
We had dinner here on a Tuesday evening and were surprised when we were told by the hostess that we could not sit in the bar area (which has tables as well) because Quiz was going on. Apparently you need to make specific reservations for Quizo, which I may have to try on another Tuesday night; that section was hopping! We sat in another section which was not crowded at all, so much quieter.  It's really quite a large space.
Rembrandt's has what could be described as romantic lighting and a somewhat elegant feel. And of course works of art by Rembrandt are dotting the walls.
The food is mostly limited to Burgers/Sandwiches and Pizzas/Flatbreads, with a few other items and specials. This might seem restricted, but there are a lot of inventive menu items and everything that was ordered to our table looked delicious. I of course could not resist the Lamb Burger ($12) with feta cheese yogurt, arugula salad, kalamata olives, and smoked paprika vinaigrette. It was very very good (not quite as good as the one PYT or even Lancaster Brewing Co), and came with a nice side salad with a light but flavorful dressing. 
The presentation of the food was also well done - modern rectangular white platter plates with the burger or sandwich on one side and your side dish on the other (fries served in a mini deep-fry basket, very cute!). My fiancé ordered the Jambalaya Pizza, which was HUGE for a personal pizza - basically half would be more than enough. 
Everything was great; I will definitely head back to Rembrandt's in the future for more delicious food, or a game of Quizo and good beer.We have frequented Rembrandts for over 20 years. It was our choice for dining in the neighborhood.
How disappointed we were in our recent visit! Under new management I guess!
The restaurent as we remember it is gone! Gone is the elegant dining room with its linen, flowers and candlesticks. Replaced with fake plastic hard surfaces and noise. It now has all the elegance of a Mac Donalds.
Gone too is the dinner menu! There is now a  array of burgers and pizza and salads. 
A fine restaurent has turned into a pizza and burger joint!!!
This is a small loss to the neighborhood. But a loss none the less. Time to try London Grill again!Rembrant's is a classic neighborhood pub going through a change of ownership. The good news is that the menu is really amazing, and the beers and wines available remain strong. The bad news is that I've had some cranky service when my kids have come in lately. It is still very much the exception, not the rule, but it did worry me. 
It's still my favorite neighborhood hang out, and the outside seating is a three-season plus.I have been coming here since college, used to be a nice little neighborhood spot to watch a game and grab drinks. Now? Service stinks the last 3 Sundays I have been there. Consistently under-staffed. I get that it's a Sunday - but just close if you can't get adequate staffing! Back bar was closed yesterday, yet 2-3 of their kitchen workers were hanging out there watching football. We were told we were not able to sit there. They had 1 bartender on, so it took 10 minutes to get a beer after staring at our empty glasses for a few minutes. If you DON'T want people to come in and watch football, why bother advertising Sunday specials "during all Eagles games." Not sure what they're going for here anymore.Great food.  Nice bar.  Menu limited.  Parking next to a nice large lot with plenty of available space.  A little pricy.  Great atmosphere.    Next to Eastern State Penitentiary.  Lots of fun!!! Walking distance to the Art Museum.As always this restaurant is awesome.  My party started off with a BIANCO flatbread-so tasty and original food choice put together, black truffle, goat cheese, cauliflower puree....so good!
I had the Rouge burger-huge and so tasty
My dad and brother's girlfriend had the Shrimp Tacos--which was the Fish Taco of the day
My brother got the Paella. He loved itI have to say, I was not expecting such a gormet atmosphere - from the outside it seems like more a burger kind of place (and according to quite a few of the reviews it is). But, lo and behold, classy!
Our waitress was attentive but not hovering, though apparently I mumbled a lot because she misunderstood both my drink and my food order - luckily she checked first. I got the salmon, wrapped in prociutto on sweet pea risotto with a melon coulis - so very yummy. The salmon probably could've been cooked a little less, but there was enough for lunch the next day. My friend had the chorizo ragout, which was a huge dish and looked deelish. A leeeetle on the expensive side for both, but nothing outrageous.
We were there earlyish on a tuesday, so we were one of three tables in the place. Very fast service and the food came out quickly. I'm interested to come back and try a burger - a few went by that looked awesome.I had a reservation on a Friday night. The waitress we had was excellent, and friendly. Things turned strange when a small, doughy roll was served to only those who had ordered a dinner entree, and not to those who ordered salads, soups, or appetizers in lieu of an entree. We asked for more rolls, and she advised us we would have to purchase for $1.50 each. We said, no, it's not even that good. We expressed our displeasure with this policy. Moments later, our entire table was served a roll. I commend them for doing the right thing here.
 I ordered the  French onion soup which had the classic taste and was good. I also had the beet salad with goat cheese and arugula. This was disappointing, as it was very heavy in beets and very skimpy on goat cheese and arugula. I left 1/3 rd of my beets because there was nothing else left to balance them out. 
My husband had the crab cakes which were very good, but the cantaloupe/cucumber soup over sorbet was way too sweet to eat as a first course. 
They have a very good beer list. The prices for drinks were reasonable.  
I think I'll keep trying different restaurants if I find myself in that neighborhood. It may be best for drinks and appetizer.
.I really like this place and have been here many many times. Servers are always friendly and accommodating. Everything I have eaten here I have really enjoyed. Especially like the jumbo lump crab cake and the steak and tots ( best tots I have ever had)-get this dish.I was not at all impressed by Rembrandts.  Very overpriced for very mediocre food.  The service was also severely lacking - it took over 30 minutes for a waitress to take our order.  Normally I would have just walked out, but every other bar in Fairmount was packed that night because of beer week.
There are so many good bars in Fairmount, do yourself a favor and go to one of those and steer clear of Rembrandts.I love this place.  I have never had a bad meal here.  Great combination pub food, pizza, and sit down menu.  Also has a nice beer selection and friendly staff.  Plus one of the best burgers in the city.Hadn't been here in a while so we stopped in and the food and service were great but...we sat near a large party who were rude and demanding of the waitress. i commend her professionalism in handling them, she was still friendly and smiling even though their behavior was horrible. i was stunned to over hear them paying their bills...many separate checks...and comment no gratuity was added! They under tipped the server of course bc they could get away with it. i think the owner/manager should change this policy immediately. I was horrified for the waitress who had to serve these idiots and disgusted that management doesn't have their employees backs.I have lived in the area for over 10 years, and I used to go here fairly often.  I heard that they had changed ownership relatively recently and my visit a few months ago was my first experience with the place under new management.
The service was appaling.  Among other things...The waitress took a long time to come.  When she returned to take drink orders we had not yet decided what we wanted so I said "Just water for now, please."  Ignoring the "for now" and apparently coming to the conclusion that we would not be having drinks (leading to a smaller check and lower tip), the waitreess rolled her eyes until they were looking skyward through her skull, turned away quickly and departed in silence.  When she returned to take out food order, again forgetting that we had said "for now" when we asked for water, she never asked if we had decided on drinks.  We both had half a mind to order nothing out of spite, but instead we waited until our appetizers arrived to order wine.
Later, the waitress swung by and, without aksing whether I was finished, tired to grab my salad plate from me even though there was about 1/4 of it remaining.  (Note to any service people reading:  It is exceedingly rude to clear one person's plate while their companion is still eating.)  Later, she sped past the table to ask if everything was o.k.  She was walking so fast that she was well past the table before I had a chance to process what she had said, much less answer.  Cleary, she was simply going through the motions and could not care less how everything was.  Near the end of the meal, we saw her behind the bar talking to an acquaintance.  She used at least one curse word and said she was really hungover.
Sadly, there are too many people in the restaraunt industry who grew up not experiencing good service so they don't know what good, polite service is or how to deliver it.  Yet they whine when they don't get the tip they think they are entitled to.  Perhaps management will explain to their staff that a good tip is not an entitlement, regardless of the hourly wage paid.  It's something that is earned.  The customer is not responsible for paying your rent even though you decided to get loaded the night before and don't want to do your job properly.  Too bad for our waitress, as we are minimum 20% tippers when we get good service.
As for the food, it was o.k.  Notthing spectacular.  The poor service overshaddowed the meal.  We probably won't be back.  I hope management takes seriously the comments I left on the card provided with the check, which card I haded to the long-time bartender there so it would not be destroyed by our waitress.A regular neighborhood go to. Very pleased with new chef - a much much needed improvement. Until he arrived, my neighbors and I all but just could not eat there anymore. 
Recently had the Philly Clam Bake and Salmon Poke.  Holy shit it was delicious. Quality fish, 
perfectly cooked - or, in the case of the Salmon, prepared. Such a great change from having to choose from Philly cheesesteak wonton rolls (or whatever) and wings. Seriously, this place was not meant to be a sports bar. It's called Rembrandts for Christ sake. 20 years ago I swear I had the best cassoulet of my life there during a snowstorm but no one ever seems to remember that. Also I swear that ceiling was white and it made the place look so much better. Also, Christmas lights in July? I get the idea, but it should be executed better. This isn't a goddamn dorm room. 
Whatever. We really like the new chef, and bartenders Chris and Joe. 
Quizzo here sucks in my opinion, but I see I brings in the frat crowd, which I guess is good for them but bad for the rest of the planet. The quizzo dudes music is awful and loud and I find him obnoxious. 
Glad I can almost always get a seat at the bar and always definitely a friendly crowd.So Rembrandt's restaurant and pub is a pretty chill spot on fairmount. I thought the prices were fair and they had a decent selection of beers. So my party of 3 arrive on a Friday night at around 9pm and we were seated immediately. The place was half empty/half full depending on how you like to look at it. Our waitress greeted us and so did an additional waiter (apparently he was training). Anyways so we order our drinks and order 3 burgers (2 beef, 1 turkey) and a flatbread for an appetizer. 
The flatbread I thought was fair, nothing too extravagant. Now for the burger I thought the temperature was pretty good, the taste of the bacon was a little too subtle, I think there was a little too much cheese which masked the bacon. Apparently my friend thought the burger tasted more like a cheesesteak. We ordered another round of beers and chatted for a bit. Pretty soon we took care of the bill. My friend wasn't quite done his drink and the waiter/bus boy grabbed my friend's drink when he was not finished and there was about 1/4 left. 
My time at Rembrandt's was alright. Nothing special and nothing that will cause me to go out of my way to have a meal here. I'm not saying it was bad, but I'm not saying it was amazing either.Went for Quizzo on a Tuesday... great DJ, good cocktails, lamb slider & mac & cheese were delish!This is a plea for Rembrandt's management to keep the potato perogie pizza on the menu! Potato leek puree, sharp cheddar and carmelized onions on a thin crust??? Yep, it's even better in person than it sounds. It combines my three favorite things, pizza, potatoes and cheese all into one! You must get here and check it out for yourself before it comes off the fall menu (unless my plea is accepted and it becomes a permenant staple:)I love this place. They saved us many times when we were wondering thirsty for a certain something around the Fairmount and other places are either packed, closed or uninspiring. Home-made vodka infusions are usually a hit, and they have a separate gluten-free menu for easy ordering. We usually have the same friendly lady who is also a bartender wait on us, and we usually go for a few gluten-free apps (they do exist) and chilled vodka infusions. Gluten-free beer is also available. This restaurant has a real neighborhood feel and is our go-to place in the area.I have been there for lunch and dinner, and the occasional happy hour and always been happy. For some reason I never considered this place for brunch that was my mistake! The variety is incredible and the food as usual speaks for itself! They will be seeing a lot more of me on Sundays.This restaurant is within the closest proximity to my place. Therefore, I frequent it out of convenience. However, I'm very happy that this place happen to be my default choice because I thoroughly enjoy every visit. 
I usually go on a weekday night for a drink if I feel the need to, I also go on a weekend lunch with people and I am planning to go sometime soon to sit out and drink beer and eat their delicious truffle cheesesteak once my allergies calm down. 
The bartenders are all very chill, nice people.  Their beer list offers options for everyone. The food is good. Happy hour specials are cool, too. I don't see a reason why you shouldn't pay a visit - oh wait, I do. Please don't visit when I am planning to visit because I would rather not look for a seat then give up and be forced to go to bishop's collar or urban saloon. No way.Best burgers in Fairmount, great casual dining. Cheesesteak flatbread was a bit too salty. Side salads are very refreshing and tasty-- different than your normal tossed salad with just romaine and tomato. Flat breads and pizzas are large enough to share.I came here recently on a Saturday night when I was famished. The bartender took my order for Guinness and sat me down in front of a nice big flat screen TV with HD(Note to Rembrandt's, you might want to check the aspect ratio, it looked like the basketball game was in a house of mirrors). I got a menu and perused the fare. Unfortunately my waiter took my Guinness and gave it away to someone else down the way. Thankfully the bartender caught that and got me my beer. 
After asking the waiter about the specials of the day, I ordered a burger with fries and a "half salad". The waiter was very nice in accommodating me since I really didn't want a mongo salad and I wanted something with more vegetables/substance than a mixed greens "salad" usually entails.  The salad was nicely done with a nice blend of shaved cheese, fresh vegetables, green green lettuce and a vinaigrette dressing.
After another beer(which didn't get shanghai'ed(who ever came up with that term?)) I got my burger and fries. The burger was tasty and was not overcooked. The fries were good, but there weren't that many of them and some of them had been insterted into the burger in some weird Cleveland style. 
Overall it was a pretty decent meal and nice atmosphere. The food was a little pricey for what you get, but it is the AMA so I suppose it is what it is.I had dinner here on Friday.  Overall the food was good and the service good was well.  I will the menu were a bit larger with me choices.  The restaurant also had a decent selection of Evers on tap.  It's not outstanding but a solid choice for a meal.Do NOT order the wings!!!! Under cooked, no blue cheese dressing even though I asked. TERRIBLE!I've been to Rembrandt's for a happy hour, but I had never really eaten there before. Well I finally took the plunge and came for brunch with my hubby and Mother-in-law. I was actually pretty impressed.
Maybe it's because I was used to the bar crowd and atmosphere, but the restaurant was definately classier than I was expecting. The menu had lots of both traditional and unique brunch items, and the food was great. 
It will definately be worked into our brunch rotation!Came here for lunch recently while out on the job.  Food tasted ok, but we had some problems.
First, we both wanted burgers, but were told something in the kitchen was not operating properly, so there was no burgers available or wilted lettuce (if we had actually wanted this).  The special was a chili which I was told was a nice big portion and was $11.
My guest had a flat-bread with some cheese and tomatoes.  Her meal was average with no real flavor.  My chili, while tasty, was a small portion barely covering the bottom of the small plate it was served in.  Much too expensive for what I got.  I was offered and accepted a piece of the flat-bread from my guest because she realized how small it was!  She also felt it was overpriced.
Place was somewhat empty at lunchtime (maybe everyone wanted burgers and left elsewhere) and service was slow.
We'll probably pass again on Rembrandt's which is too bad as the chili was tasty and I'd want to try the burgers.  But, not at these prices!We wander up to Rembrandts here and there, and I keep hoping for a better experience.  The service is good, the atmosphere is lively, and the food is ok.  That being said, I want the food to be better, the menu doesn't do much for me, and it's a little pricey for bar food.  The wings are good, the sandwiches are good, and the salads are good.  Nothing is great and the happy hour is a little lacking.This place is the best for beers and food in the area. The burgers are fantastic. The pizza is surprisingly tasty. The sambal wings are so unique and so flavorful. Their brunch is underrated with many of the brunches in the area with the huevos rancheros and being the perfect breakfast food and the sriracha Murphy being an absolute hidden gem.
All of I that and I have yet to mention their incredible rotating draft list.  Rembrandts does not get the praise it deserves.  It is a go to of mine and never disappoints.To my mind, this is the best restaurant in the neighbourhood. Period. The burgers are perfectly cooked and well conceived, with accompaniments that balance well and that aren't boring or run-of-the-mill. The fries are as good as fries I've had anywhere. Other dishes I've had are also good, but it's the burger that's the real star of the menu in my view. 
The service is always friendly and quick. I like the decor, and it's nice that they have a bar, which has more of a buzz, as well as a quieter, slightly more elegant dining room. 
At this price point, there is no better restaurant in Philly.Over the past several years we've lived in the Fairmount neighborhood we've seen this restaurant go through a few reincarnations. I have to say, over the last several months, it's current state is my favorite. We love to sit outside when it's warm and people watch. They have an unbelievable view of Center City from just outside. The inside in the winter is warm and cozy and they have a few TVs for sports watching. Service is friendly and personable. 
The food has become so much more versatile and delicious. Greatly enjoyed their Queso dip, Cuban Sandwich, burgers, and brunch dishes. They have an excellent rotating beer list.
Check out this spot for happy hour. Drink specials + their burger is half price. It's an inexpensive early dinner. 
Definitely a neighborhood fave.i hadn't been here since they revamped the menu, wasn't a huge fan before BUT OMG NOW I AM. went here on a date last night and got a super strong old fashioned and then a lamb burger. it. was. incredible. i had a dream about it later no joke. it was cooked perfectly and the toppings (feta yogurt, arugula, something else) all went so well together. my boyfriend got the rogue burger with pork belly and bleu cheese, and i made him give me a huge bite. 
i thought the atmosphere was great and our waitress was also excellent, fun, and attentive when we needed her. i am so pleased to have this restaurant around the corner from my house.Had a great meal there with friends after the art museum.  Good food, good wine and beer, nice to sit outside, good service.  Will definitely be back soon!!We were there the other night. We enjoy watching a game or just stopping by for appetizers and a couple beers once a week or so. Very good beer selection and a nice menu. Staff is always helpful , attentive, and courteous. I enjoy the neighborhood and walking off a meal in this area as it is very safe. We like to stop at some of the other Fairmount spots as we make our way towards the river....Brigid's, Jack's, Lemon Hill....Have been to this place a couple of times and every time has been a great experience.  The last time, I wandered in late night for munchies after a night of drinking with some friends - we had some hummus and straight away ordered another because it was so good, adorned with cucumbers and calamata olives - great texture, warmed pita bread. Brilliant! 
The atmosphere was good - the waiter attentive, offering suggestions for beers as they have a great selection of domestic and imports, both rare and common.  He was very tolerable of the loud, drunk behavior of the crew as it was quieter then.  The lighting was muted with an old world feel - dark wood and mini mosaic tile.  Cozy and quaint but if it wasn't late night, might have been a tight squeeze at the hi-tops that accompany the bar area.   Peeked in what looked to be a dining room on the way to the loo and it was set up and decorated nicely.  Thought it would be a nice place to have a small gathering.  I think there's another, bigger room upstairs for parties, too.
Have been there once before at dinnertime too and had the steak frites which melted in my mouth and  were cooked to perfection.  Was quite impressed with the overall service, atmosphere and menu and will visit again.Decided to try someplace new for dinner last week and ended up at Rembrandt's with boyfriend. We'd unexpectedly showed up for Quizo so decided to join in the game, which was free as opposed to some places that charge a dollar or two to cover prizes.
The wonderful:
-Leffe blonde! My favorite beer of all time
-The crowd -- lots of fun and rad people across the board
The good:
-Unexpectedly showed up in time for Quizo
-Free Quizo (not that a couple bucks breaks the bank, but you know)
-Decent beer selection on tap and bottled
The not so good:
-The bartender didn't pay so much attention to us
The really bad:
-The homemade turkey burger was more filler than turkey (I might as well have been eating bread in between my hamburger bun)
Would (and probably will) go back -- I just won't get a turkey burger. Still have dry mouth from the breadcrumb overload. Blergh!Been to Rembrant's several times for lunch and happy hour and have never been disappointed. Sandwiches and burgers very good, flatbreads and hot wings excellent. Happy hour has a nice selection of craft beers. Quizzo on Tuesdays is a blast and really professionally done. Definitely a place to check out.Rembrandt's is a very pleasant place . . . nice "old neighborhood hangout" ambiance, and good food, which upon occasion rises to the level of excellent.
The staff is competent, efficient and eager to please, and the prices moderate.  You can count on a nice experience here.
An added advantage: Because on-street parking is frequently available, and there is a huge parking lot across the street, you don't start the evening with a half-hour of frustration.avant-garde virtuosoGood neighborhood bar with good pub food.  We live nearby, probably frequent here about once a month and always have great service from the bartenders and servers. . Plenty of tv's on both sides of the bar area.  Love the chef's mix wings!First time at Rembrandt's and it was a great experience. We were a rather large party but that made no difference. The service was on point. Our server was friendly and helpful. He was attentive and it was a wonderful way to spend Mother's Day. I got a bay Bloody Mary and it was spicy with a little smoke and complimented my kale and goat cheese quiche well. I love my spuds too and there's are delicious!!! I could have made a meal out of side dishes. I would definitely go back. They had outdoor seating and parking was not a problem. Also, my 2 1/2 year old nephew was with us and it was kid friendly and the waffle he had was so fluffy,I needed to sample :) Will definitely be going back for brunch!Stopped 5-7 happy hour . Awesome vibe , cool staff, . Chris is the dude you want taking care of you. Super chill and lots of cool travel advice from this  guy . Excellent beer selection. The Place to check out , come straight here. next to the penitentiary too.Stopped in for lunch with a friend.  Before we entered we took a look at the menu.  Both of us were sold when we first saw the dessert menu containing bacon brownie and s'more tart.  If there was anything else that they were selling, at that moment neither of us would be able to tell you what your options were.  We walked in and were promptly greeted and seated and handed the lunch menu.  No desserts on that menu....whomp.... Well, we were there to really eat a meal.  So getting back on track, we ordered the burger and meatball parm.  Our sandwiches came out in a short amount of time and we both dug in.  The Burger.  Wow!  The Burger!  It was cooked how it was requested (medium well), juicy, tasty, and just wow!  Great choice of roll.  I love that it looks big and filling, but is easily squished down to take a bite and get all of the other components in the same bite.  The bacon was just the right amount of slight crispiness to it, the onions had a wonderful flavor to them, and the cheese was just enough to notice it, without taking away from any of the other toppings.  All in all, it was a wonderful burger, and now I'm wishing that I had ordered one to take home for dinner.  The meatball parm was good, but lacked the wow factor of the burger.  Great choice with the roll.  The meatballs weren't as dense as I would have thought they would be.  I'm guessing that since it was pork, it made the meatball just not as meaty as if it had been made with beef.  It just lacked something.  I enjoyed the plum tomato sauce that went with it though.  Fries accompanied both meals, and weren't that great.  Next time, I'll opt for the salad instead.  In the end, we were both full and would have liked to have had the time to try the desserts since that's what grabbed our attention, but we were late for an event by that point.  Would we come back?  Yes.  Great service.  Lots of things to try on the menu.  I'd be interested to try the lamb sliders, bacon wrapped dates, truffle cheesesteak, and fennel & artichoke flatbread, in addition to the desserts.  And....then there's always a chance for a second round with the burger!I was between 3 and 4 stars for Rembrandts. 3.5 would seem more appropriate for My meal but I gave them a 4 bc  nothing went wrong with My order and everything was really good. However I could only get that same meal on Sundays.
This review is only for their Sunday brunch , which they ONLY have on Sundays. Seems stupid to say but I went there on a Saturday to get the French toast I will review below only to find out it is only offered on Sundays.
I got the French toast,  with eggs, Bacon and sausage. The French toast was amazing.  One of the best I have had in a very long time. 
Eggs Bacon and sausage were great too, it doesn't say much though bc it really isn't that hard to mess those up. I will add tho that the Bacon was perfectly crispy and the sausage was super sized and really tasty. 
Service was good and attentive. I was the only one I. The place so it could not have been any other way.If you want an upscale feel in a local setting along with comforting food go to Rembrandts.This is my favorite spot in Fairmount.
The burgers are great! I go between the lamb burger and rogue burger depending on my mood. The fries are also always crisp and delicious! 
The menu changes but within reason- keeping staples and bringing in new appetizers every few months. 
you can't go wrong with rembrandt's.I eat here very regularly, once a week minimum, maybe four time a week on occasion.  
I have frequented/tried all the other comparable spots in the area, Bridgids, Bishops collar, London, Etc.  The only places I go in my neighborhood, unless Im trying to give one of the other spots another chance, are Belgian Cafe, and Rembrants.
I have never tried something I havent liked, service is always very good to amazing.
Only thing negative I can think of is its really tough to get a table at happy hour...
PS, the 21 Day burger is likely the best I have ever tasted, though I only have had it once.I have been a few times and the food was consistently good. They have a cold soup that is dynamite and the flatbread pizza is delish. The service is always pleasant. I recommend this place.Not impressed at all!!! This is my 3rd and last time eating there. Visited over the Holiday..,.could not get in the Restaurant of our choice...so this was our 2nd choice.  Not kid friendly At All !! 
The waiter never gave me an itemized bill...so I'm not sure what we paid for. Just wanted to get out of there. Did not feel welcomed!Rembrandt's used to be my home on Tuesday nights for...oh, probably 6-7 years.  I started going for the Network Trivia and stayed on through the Quizzo days.  It helped that I lived right behind the place, but what kept me coming back were the people who worked, ate and drank there.  I came to make some great acquaintences there from Jan the owner Zarkin, his wife, Joanna, Mark the bartender, Fiona, Molly, Togo, Ed and the list goes on.  Most especially, though, was Robert Schiller.  Robert was a great guy and grew into my little group of everyday friends.  We wound up playing softball on Robert's team, thereby seeing Robert more then our standard once a week on Quizzo nights.  Unfortunately, Robert passed away last year and the area lost a truly wonderful, kind and great personality.  Miss ya, Rob, even though you were an annoying softball captain.
Still, Remy's feels like my home place.  I always feel comfortable there; enjoy my meals, from the Remburger to the pizzas or meatloaf sandwiches; am satisfied by the beers and most especially love the people I encounter there.
I see now that Jan started showing independent short movies there once a week.  I love the idea and wish him luck.  Maybe he'll see me there again soon.  Lord knows I'll enjoy being there.Only good thing about this dive bar is Jessica Killion and Alec.Other than that all the bars around Fairmount are dive bars that give food poisoning..