Excellent fare in a relaxed bistro on Baltimore Ave. A new favorite in our neighborhood. Our go-to dishes include the mussels, rissoto, steak frites, sashuka eggs. Outside patio seating adds to the charm.Nice place, pleasant service (although there was only one server and a full restaurant so she was pretty overwhelmed), but unacceptable food. Lamb kebabs were more like small hockey pucks, tough and almost unchewable and stuck on the skewer. Served on thin potato fries. Fried snapper came out with an undefinable sauce that tasted like mayonnaise, and included, oddly enough, peas. All plopped on top of fries, making them damp and inedible. I actually felt sick after eating most of this unappetizing dish.  Baklava excellent.Came here for a late weekday lunch, and it totally hit the spot. I was looking for something refreshing and was recommended an iced green tea and a salad (forgot what it was called, but it had a lemon dressing and crushed pita chips on top-insanely good). Delicious, I finished every last bite and cannot say enough good things about the service. Definitely worth a try!Got eggs Benedict... Why you no give me hollandaise sauce?! Seriously gave me like 2 tablespoons of hollandaise. Sad. I'm just sad now.Good breakfast, sometimes a little crowded, not all waitstaff seems to be trained with same standards.Amazing quality at a great price! Good portions, good decor, great service, great food! A must visit brunch place in Philly - I will happily be back!I've been here several times after church in the area and it's never disappointed me. It's a small place so I wouldn't bring a group of more than 4 if you don't want to wait long. I like the Shakshuka here but I'm writing this review because most recently I went and got a breakfast burrito...SO GOOD! Don't overlook this on the menu. Generous portions and loved the chorizo and biting into big chunks of potato...really filling! It comes with pico on the side, which I didn't think it needed because it was so flavorful on its own.Went for dinner on a Saturday night. The fried cauliflower, falafel, and mussels were all delicious! The falafel was particularly impressive. The seafood special (fried squid) was just okay.
Service was quick and friendly, and it's byo! Will definitely be back again. Can't wait to try the brunch!Had Eggs Benedict for the first time, and was delighted. I got the kind with salmon, and they were delicious. The potatoes were good too. Service is what makes this four stars. A bit inattentive, but they also seemed pretty busy. Would return.I am a regular at Renata's. My dish of choice is the tale of 2 eggs. The potatoes are always cooked so well! Eggs are hit or miss, but when they are a hit they are hands down the best eggs at a brunch spot. The reason why this review is so low is due to service, especially from this blonde woman who  takes orders. She gets stressed too easily and is truly rude and snappy. She is a reason why I don't come here more frequently because I don't feel like dealing with her attitude when I order. I know she works weekends and I avoid going there because she truly is a nightmare to interact with. I'm not sure her relationship to the restaurant, but she needs additional training or to be let go as I've noticed other reviewers commenting about this as well.Very good food! I had the kofta sandwich (wrap) and the Moroccan lentil soup and both were delicious.
My friend ordered Falafel platter and it was delicious too!Get a yelp reservation to avoid waiting! Once you're seated the service is quick and friendly. The place has air conditioning (unlike some other spots I've visited) so come even if its 100. Great food. I come here about once a weekI come here fairly often both for quick to-go orders and sit-down meals in the restaurant. As a Middle-Easterner who has had a lot of hit-or-miss experiences with some of the restaurants in the city, I can comfortably say that Renata's has hands-down some the best fuul, baba ghanoosh, and shakshouka in the city. I personally also think they have the best falafel in town,  bite-sized with a fluffy texture and not drenched in oil - superb! They also have killer lemon poppy-seed pancakes, seriously get a stack of these and a plate of shakshouka to share for brunch (you're welcome). 
Don't really have a ton of experience with their dinner menu, but my co-worker has had the lamb shank possibly 8 times over the course of the last two weeks. I can personally attest to the excellence of the seafood paella 
Staff is always friendly and while sometimes this place gets packed I've never had a problem with prompt and friendly service. Very happy to have found this place and cannot recommend it enough.Came in for brunch today with 7 people. We came on time for our reservation but they took awhile to seat us and made us feel like we were in the way  while we waiting -- we were made to feel unwelcome the whole time we were there. 
We ordered drinks (iced coffee & tea) and waters all around. The iced coffees had a horrible sour flavor that couldn't be cured with cream and sugar. When we asked if the coffee was flavored, the waitress rudely responded that "it's cold brew coffee so it must be too strong for you." I drink a lot of coffee and this wasn't a problem of it being strong, it was just bad. We asked for iced teas without drinking the coffee.
We had to ask for water several times before the waitress admitted that all their water glasses were dirty and asked if we wanted bottled water instead. We said yes and she came back with 3 water bottles for our table of 7. When we got the bill at the end, they had charged us for bottles of water!
It took over an hour after ordering for the food to show up, and when it did they had forgotten about one person's meal so his came much later than everyone else's. I was disappointed with my shakshouka--it was incredibly unappetizing looking and near-flavorless--could only be salvaged with a ton of hot sauce. 3 people at the table ordered shakshouka but they only brought 2 dishes of pita, though one of my friends ordered with extra pita. The waitress claimed these two dishes of pita constituted 4 servings, but that definitely wasn't enough for the shakshouka. I asked for some more pita and they ended up charging us for 2 additional servings of pita. One of my friends got falafel that she said were fine, but the fries that came with them were cold, limp, and unsalted. Another friend got French toast and the inside was just dry bread (like they didn't soak in the egg mixture at all).
Though the food took forever to come, but thankfully the check came quickly. We were appalled that they had charged us for the terrible coffee and for the water bottles when they didn't have water glasses. Will not be returning.
TL;DR meh food, ATROCIOUS serviceThe dish I had was yummy- Pumpkin French toast w/ interestingly yummy toppings! 
The service was *Meh*. I was checked on 1 too many times. 
The atmosphere- quaint & cozy... I was eating while daydreaming.It's a great brunch place. I got their lox bagel.
The service could have been nicer with the coffee, but overall solid placeWe dined in during brunch time on a Saturday morning and I ordered Al burger since that's probably the only burger on the menu. We also ordered lemon pancakes it was delicious. The burger took much longer than I expected so I gave them four stars. Service was great. Playlists hat we really enjoyed there was an interesting cover of all 90s classic pop music.I really enjoyed this place! I got the chocolate chip pancakes and iced mocha and they were both amazing - although maybe too much chocolate for one order! It's relatively new considering other restaurants on Baltimore and packed for brunch. I want to come back and try some of the Mediterranean options.A great re-opening and a welcome addition to the lackluster West Philly breakfast scene.  I've only had the Shakshuka here, but I've now ordered it on three separate occasions, which I'll let speak for itself.  The eggs always come perfectly poached, and it's only $10 for a very generous serving that will keep you full until dinner.
The restaurant was surprisingly well-staffed on a Sunday morning at 9, and although they were completely full by the time we left, service was quick and attentive.Always so tasty!!! Great omelettes for brunch, and their Mediterranean food is not messing around.Ordered take out. Shrimp salad and falafel platter. pretty basic stuff. Shrimp was overcooked and very, very dry. Two small pieces of mushy, almost black avocado and hardly any dressing. No flavor. Falafel was just ok, so little tahini it was barely noticeable and soggy fries. Careless and boring is how I'd describe the food we paid for. Ate half, gave up, made a sandwich.After hearing rave reviews of this place from my roommate and others, I was excited for some Sunday brunch. My excitement was definitely under served. I ordered the veggie quiche with grilled potatoes and a croissant. They forgot my croissant, and then our server disappeared after we got our food, so by the time I got my croissant we were almost done eating. The quiche was subpar, kind of runny, and bland in flavor. My friend ordered eggs-over-easy with toast, but they turned out to be more fried and over-hard, and the toast was plain and dry. She ended up not eating the toast. They were also lax on the coffee service. Supposed to be bottomless coffee, but we only got one refill. The saving grace of this meal was the mimosas. $25 for a carafe of fresh-squeezed orange juice, and it came with a complimentary bottle of Comte de Bucques brut champagne. Overall I might come back here, as I've been told I really need to try the salmon eggs benedict...I love Renata's! I live a couple blocks away and have been there for dinner four or five times. Everything I've tried has been delicious. Their snapper, falafel, fries, salads, fried cauliflower, hummus, pita, labneh are all great. They have my favorite lemonade (with a sugar rim) in the city.
Also, the wafflemisu is so. good. They even used decaf espresso upon request! I've always had great friendly service. I'll be back many more times for sure.The Shakshouka was amazzzzing. I loved how it came with outa bread to dip into the sauce and runny egg yoke. It was the perfect spice that gave a kick with all the flavors of salsa, sausage, and egg. It was very filling and the right amount of food. I don't know about the other dishes at the restaurant, but this dish I was definitely impressed by. 
The restaurant is quaint and not a lot of seating. It was perfect for us because they weren't busy. Kid friendly. At least during the time we went. Wednesday noon. I went with a friend of mine with 2 infants and a toddler.Best place for brunch in philly. Try the steak & egg. It's a very juicy rib eye steak. Or the burger or the Cuban breakfast. Ok Everything is delicious. Excellent chef and excellent service.my coworkers and i have been ordering from renata's for lunch through uber eats.  This is our 3rd time ordering.  we absolutely love the food from here!  the cauliflower is amazing.  we have had wraps and salads, and everything is very tasty and fresh.  highly recommend this place.  i would love to go here for breakfast one day.Finally - after an hour of searching for a Sunday brunch spot without a 45 minute wait, we came across this haven!! Simple, good, affordable food, served by smiling staff. Thank you!Neat little spot with reasonably priced food. Came here a few times and never had a bad experience.
There's no flashy sign outside. So if you drive too quickly, you might miss it. Oh and BYOB is a plus.Highly recommended.  The food here is amazing - great place for any meal.  It's BYOB, so you save a lot on drinks.  I went for brunch recently and everything was prepared perfectly.   The menu is expansive.  I ordered potatoes, eggs, and salad and everything was cooked to perfection.  The service was very good and the place was spotless.  Street parking was very easy to find.  Will definitely be back!Delicious shakshuka with mergez and fantastic lemon poppy seed pancakes!
Food and service is always greatRenata's Kitchen is truly a gem in West Philly. There's brunch every day of the week, which is super ideal! I ordered the chicken and waffles and my mouth was watering from how juicy the chicken was! Renata's also has a lot of creative drinks that are definitely worth trying. It's a seat yourself kind of place so it's a good place to do work!catering - took sides from here to neighborhood Thanksgiving.  wonderful flavor, generous portions.  they were also very conscientious when told about one guest's allergy.  would do this againI really want to like this place, and I've spent so much time and money here but last week's experience took the cake. I don't understand how a place consistently has no bagels on a Saturday at noon. I don't understand how everything is just fine. But mostly I don't understand how you order something as basic as a lox platter with cream cheese, sure that they won't screw it up and BAM your cool, light and refreshing breakfast arrives with FRIED capers. Like seriously who wants fried bloomed greasy capers on cream cheese. Not one to panic, I just asked the water for some not fried capers to go with my samdwhich: we fried them all was the rspnse. I will never understand this. Presentation and portions meh. Taste meh. Quality decent. Service decent. Availability, no. Go to Aksum instead.We had longtime, out-of-town visitors so we wanted a place with good food and relaxed surroundings to catch up on 20years.  Renata' s Kitchen filled the bill.  Patient servers, generous portions of tasty lamb wraps, salad nicoise and a grilled chicken sandwich.  Renata's seems like a well-frequented neighborhood cafe where a couple with infant, a person working on a laptop or a group of friends can eat and enjoy sitting inside or out at a few sidewalk tables.  Only negative- our order took longer than expected, but then we were not super prompt in ordering!Love this place.  The coffees are very good, even the decaf.  The meals are delicious.  I highly recommend any of the salads with chicken, the fuul, the quiche, really anything.   I was a big fan of the old location but I am warming up to this newer one.Excellent food. Menu is quite small, which I consider a good thing.  I've tried most items on their menu and I've liked them all! One big disappointment is that they are not open for dinner anymore. Oh well...My parents and I stumbled upon Renata's as we were moving into my new West Philly apartment and were looking for a place to get lunch to refuel ourselves back up before continuing with moving day.  We most certainly lucked out! We all found something on the menu that we liked and my chocolate chip pancakes were so delicious that my mom couldn't help but ask me for a bite.  Service is friendly and prompt; also a family friendly establishment which caters to children with a smile.  They also have rotating specials that they advertise on a sandwich board outside the restaurant, such as the strawberry and whipped cream pancakes that I am sitting in the cafe eagerly anticipating for a lunchtime birthday treat as I write this review!  Renata's certainly fits in very well with the diverse array of shops and restaurants on Baltimore Avenue!Arrived here first this morning, never got a refill on coffee/water. Asked for jam and didn't receive it until I was finished with my breakfast. Perhaps a good idea to hire more help.Been here a few times with a small party of 2-3 people each time for brunch. The staff have always been courteous and attentive. I love splitting something sweet and savory and they have a good variety of both. I've had both the Florentine and Salmon eggs Benedict. The eggs are always perfectly runny for me (which is the most important part for me). The lemon-poppy pancakes are memorable as the lemon flavor was delightfully light and not overly zesty. I would def recommend this spot for a brunch especially for West Philly locals.Where do I begin? I asked the server her opinion on the chicken and waffles on the menu and if it was actual chicken wings and not chicken strips. She said she spent some time down south and in her opinion it's pretty similar. Like a fool I believed her. I am very particular about my waffles coming it hot so I asked her to bring them out first. She assured me that they would be hot when it came out. My friend order eggs with potatoes and a side of fruit and bacon. 
The food came out: my cold lifeless waffles with chicken strips (not wings), and my friends food came out with no bacon or fruit. I originally asked for butter and syrup when I ordered and it didn't come out. After she came out with the syrup and butter I proceeded to spread it on the waffles.... It went no where. Which means it was a cold waffle! I rolled my eyes and tried to stay composed.. My friend really liked his food which is why I gave two stars but he still did not get it bacon or fruit. 
She forgot the fruit & bacon 3 times in a row. At this point we just asked for only the fruit. After it came out there was an eyelash on it!! 
Renata's need to step it up! She did take the fruit off the bill, and the orange juice I order was good, but who knows if that had an eyelash in it too!I never went to the old Cafe Renata, but a friend suggested we try the new Renata's Kitchen on Baltimore Avenue. It has quickly become one of my top three West Philly cafes for its friendly atmosphere, plentiful seating, and delicious food.
So far, I've done brunch three times, and can recommend breakfast burritos, middle eastern breakfast, and almond croissant. The BYO opportunity to make mimosas is also awesome! I keep finding myself dropping in for a quick bottomless coffee whenever I walk by.Came here for brunch today with 6 of my friends. I understand a table of 7 can be a lot to handle, but the service here was way worst than I could imagine. After we were seated and given menus we waited about 10 minutes before anyone even came over to us.  Finally a women, who we assumed would be our waitress took our order without ever mentioning and specials or things they were out of; before she left we got a quick oh I'll send someone over with coffee. After what was way to long anyone should wait for a beverage we finally got coffee, no one was asked if they wanted anything to drink it was just assumed we all wanted hot coffee. 
Our food arrived and everything seemed great until one of us waited for toast that never came. He even went to the counter to ask for the toast and it was still never brought to the table. Our server could not be found and no one ever check on us to see if we needed anything during the meal, we even had to go ask for the check. 
The food was good, but not good enough to make up for the lack of service.It was so cold in there. The food was fine but I thought it was expensive for the quantity and taste. The service also left a little to be desired for such a small place but it wasn't terrible.Really delicious breakfast food. Great Benedict and shakshuka. They have some fun stuff on the menu you don't see everywhere elseCasual with good food and great house coffee. We might have been there at funny time, but they seemed under staffed. Despite being one of the highest rated restaurants in that neighborhood, they mostly only had tables for two and two waitresses serving 14 or so tables.Been there twice for breakfast/ brunch! Delicious, lovely owner and nice atmosphere.  The lemon poppy seed pancakes are really tastyA great local brunch spot in West Philly right on Baltimore Ave.  The options are vast, fresh and appeal to vegans, vegetarians and meat lovers alike. The worst part? Deciding on what you'll get. Go with a group and order a few different options. The portions are big, so come hungry!So just drove by and stopped in for a late breakfast. I was pleasantly surprised. Super cute little place. I ordered my favorite breakfast. Eggs Benedict. It was the best, most amazing, perfect poached egg I've ever seen. The sauce was perfect and rich. The only thing I didn't care for was there tomato on it, ( but the hats because I'm a creature of habit). My server Bryce? Was great and super attentive. The 4 Stars was because of the potatoes. They where even good but needed to be dressed up a bit with something. Onions? Cheese? Just sitting lonely on the plate. I will definitely be back.Great shakshouka (my first ever). The pita bread was really good, so warm and soft. The house french toast is pretty good too, though a bit too mango/pineapple sweet for me. The candied bacon was awesome, sweet and juicy. We saw another customer getting chocolate french toast, and it looked and smelled amazing.TERRIBLE SERVICE! The waiter was very rude and scolded us for being too loud. I was very unhappy with the patronizing tone that she used to talk to our group. Such a shame, because the food was good! This is bad for larger parties.
Also my friend almost got an allergic reaction because the staff wasn't careful about nuts or something, and someone else in our group had to run to cvs to get her a benadryl in the middle of the meal.I really, really love going to Renata's. I've only been here for breakfast or brunch but I come back for that consistently. The food here is consistently good to great, I've never had anything here I didn't like. The people here are friendly and I have never been left waiting long for my food, coffee, or service. If you live in West Philly and have not been here yet you have to try it!This restaurant was great for breakfast but they served my vegan pancakes with cold butter and they did not warm up the syrup. They did not have vegan bacon. However, Golden Standard down the street does have vegan bacon and their spread and syrup is nice and warmed.Although our last experience at Renata's Kitchen was unpleasant, my friend from out of town was visiting and I decided to give their brunch another try. We went on a Friday morning and were immediately seated by friendly and attentive servers. We ordered and received our coffee very quickly. We tried their Shakousha and the Lebanese omelet, which were both amazing. Definitely a redeeming experience at Renata's Kitchen! Just a forewarning, if you have more then four members in your party definitely call ahead!Friendly service, comfortable good vibe. The flow of people is good, not too crowded or under-crowded. Coffee is great. Food was meh. I ordered the lamb wrap and it was nothing spectacular. Just a few meatballs with iceberg lettuce and slabs of tomato in a tortilla wrap that just kind of fell apart. Tahini was barely noticeable. Waitress charged extra (without saying) for salad which I asked for in place of the fries. Friend ordered shakshuka but he didn't seem too thrilled by it. We need better lunch options in the area.Cute little place tucked into the corner on Baltimore. Service was good and the food was really good. We went for brunch and had a hummus platter and a shakshouka. The hummus and pita were incredibly fresh which elevated its taste. Will definitely go back!I finally got to try out the brunch at Renata.  It's been on my list since they were at their old location, but the lukewarm reviews made me push it further and further down on the list.  However, on a lazy Sunday if you're looking for somewhere close to UCity/West Philly, brunchy (not diner breakfast), without a stupid long wait (aka Sabrina's), there aren't too many options left.  Today was that day, and alas we ended up here finally.  
The wait wasn't long at all, and they have a take-names-and-text system, so that's convenient.  After a short time, we were seated.  I ordered the smoked salmon Benedict and my boyfriend ordered the steak and eggs.  We also shared a short stack of blueberry pancakes.  First, the food.  It wasn't great.  It was passable but not great.  The salmon portion was sparse, but considering it wasn't very good salmon, I guess that's a blessing in disguise.  The color was off and it just didn't have that good salty/briney taste.  Like the package has been opened and not sealed correctly for some time.  His steak was bland and tough, but the frites and potatoes on our dishes were decent.  I thought the blueberry pancakes would be like blueberries in the batter, but to my disappointment it was just regular pancakes drenched it blueberry sauce.  A bit much so I just ate the bottom pancake.  Ask for sauce on the side if you're like me and don't prefer the drenching.  
As for the service, overall friendly. BUT...I know this makes me sound like an b**tch...it was overattentive.  I know what you're thinking "Is there such a thing??", and yes there is.  I think they were overstaffed, at least for servers.  The girls kept circling the small space in some constant rotation that drove us nuts.  One server literally walked to one end of the restaurant and back, and repeated and repeated and repeated and repeated.  Again, it's not a big place at all so it was very noticeable to us.  We were asked if we wanted more coffee and water so often that I just stopped drinking so that we wouldn't be interrupted.  Oh, and we also asked to be moved to an inside table, out of the aisle so that we wouldn't see the waitress walking back and forth so much.  I know this sounds crazy, but if the same person entered and left your field of vision every 15 seconds, it would drive you insane too.  
I'm giving it 3 stars because everyone is friendly and that means the world to me but I likely won't return.  Also, it was a pretty steep brunch bill ($45 before tip) considering the quality of food.  You're better off going to Aksum, or waiting in line at Sabrina's.  Or venture out of UCity.a good spot to get brunch! it has typical brunch menu like cuban brunch and quiche, but also has many middle eastern flavors too. staff are nice and their baked goods are tasty and flaky. their coffee is not good tho. get coffee somewhere else near by.Wait staff is unbelievably nice even during the rush! This little nook is small in space but packs a big punch of different flavors! Will be back again!Hands down the best shakshuka I've ever had. And that includes both Philly and NYC. The pita is warm, the sauce flavorful, and the sausage nice and hearty. I was seriously blown away by this unassuming store front in a quaint part of West Philly. 
One thing worth mentioning:  I suggested this place to my Algerian coworker who was very eager to try it out. He reported back, however, that he was extremely disappointed at the fact that the only meat option was pork sausage, which he does not eat as a Muslim. He found it quite ridiculous that a traditional middle eastern/north african dish didn't offer a non-vegetarian non-pork option, which is absolutely valid.I don't come here as often as I want, but every time I have eaten here all the food has been delicious. Renata's Kitchen has become neighbourhood staple and it is a very cozy and comfortable place to meet up with friends. I get a feeling there are more customers based on the school year. When I went this time Univ of Penn already have started so it seemed like there were new grad students. The place was pretty packed around 11:00am. The noise level was a bit loud, but bearable. The wait staffs were attentive, friendly, and not rushed. I really appreciated this because when other restaurants are busy wait staffs tend to be rushed, but all the wait staffs here were still efficient and did not make me feel hurried. 
This time I ordered Majadarra platter; I really loved the spiced lentil, it's such a comfort food for me. Their "Arabian" salad was nicely spiced and refreshing. I think I can eat this often, I seriously won't get tired. My friend had gazpacho soup and tabbouleh salad. She said both were very tasty and nicely done. 
Most of the customers are from the neighborhood so walking is the primary means of getting to Renata's Kitchen, however, if you have to drive there are enough places to park either on Baltimore Ave or the north or the south side of Baltimore Ave. Definitely check it out of you are in the neighbourhod!We love this place, and are so happy to have it back in our lives. The brunch is a fun mix of american brunch standards and Mediterranean dishes (the shakshuka is delicious). The brunch is busy on weekend mornings, but the wait somehow never seems to be long (at least with 2 people).
We were excited when we saw the "Dinner coming soon" sign, so made our reservations for opening night. It was awesome! The highlight was 100% the kefta, which we had in two dishes. But the haloumi, the fried cauliflower, and the falafel were also fantastic: gourmet Mediterranean food in  a comfortable Baltimore Avenue setting.
Even with the food, though, the highlight of Renata is always the staff. Precise yet friendly and fun, we always have fun when we go here.
I don't write a ton of these, but we need this menu in our life, so hope everyone else supports their foray into dinner!Came here for brunch. The cafe was absolutely packed, but my companion and I were seated quickly. Based on past reviews, we both got the shakshouka-- we were blown away! It was a warm, delicious, filling, and unique meal. Our only complaint was that our server was too busy to refill our drinks.A really great brunch spot with Middle Eastern/Mediterranean influences. I had the chicken and waffles and I really enjoyed their unique spin on it (swapping the waffle for a Belgian waffle, spicy syrup). At first I thought the Belgian waffle was a bit too sweet but the more I ate it the more I liked it. My friend had the shakshuka merguez which was also really tasty and something I'd consider getting next time. We shared an order of the pumpkin French toast as well, and we enjoyed the candied bacon bits but felt that the toast itself was a bit too heavy on the pumpkin spice. Other than that I enjoyed our meal and the friendly vibe of the restaurant and if I'm in Philly again I would most definitely come back!Truly the best brunch in West Philly. Tons of variety on the menu and always fresh and honest. 
Got a sweet tooth? The waffles and pancakes will not disappoint. Specifically the plentiful portion of whipped cream which has a rich vanilla flavor while still being light n fluffy. And the waffles have a nice sugary crisp to them. 
Left the sweet tooth at home? Their middle eastern offerings are top notch. The falafel platter is exquisite and the maddjara (sp?) is complex and warming. And oh yeah the coffee is consistently on point for those fuzzy mornings ;)
All the staff is very friendly and the vibes here are welcoming and low key. 
That being said sometimes they overdress the Arabian salad..After walking past several times, my girlfriend and I decided to come here for dinner on whim on a Friday night. We were pleasantly surprised that there wasn't a wait at 6pm and we were able to choose where we wanted to sit. The waitress was very friendly and made some suggestions. My gf had the Mjadara Platter and I had the shrimp risotto. The platter was very good. The risotto was ok but it grew on me as I ate my way through it. I'm trying to cut out silica in my diet so I didn't strip the glaze off the plate after licking it clean.
The dessert however. Oh my god. I've never had such an amazing brownie with vanilla icecream and caramel. Seriously. If you had a sweet tooth, get this. Hands down. You will not be disappointed. 
The crowd was mixed (old and young, small parties and large) as the evening went on. There were a surprising number of people who came in and got take-a-away. I'm pretty sure there grubhub was operating here too since I saw a delivery driver go in and out all night. 
We'll come back for brunch at some point I'm sure.We eat brunch here almost every weekend. The staff are so friendly. Once my daughter lost her baby tooth during breakfast and the staff made a big deal about it, congratulated her and brought her out a special free brownie.We came for brunch, put our name on the list and they said it would take 45-60 minutes to seat our party of seven. We waited around for an hour, and saw them sit several parties who arrived after us. When we went to ask the server how much longer for the wait after we had been waiting for an hour, we heard the server promise another group of seven they would be seated soon and then tell us it would be another 45 minute wait and that we should take our names off of the list. Suffice to say I am extremely disappointed in the service at Renata's Kitchen.It was okay. Andrew the waiter was the highlight. He just got hired but he was personable and friendly. The waitress working with him was just okay. When we first walked in we were in conversation. She stated ladies about 4 times to interrupt a sentence to ask was we eating. She just need some lesson on respond to cues. My sister and I both got the French toast. It was okay dry. The way they make vegan and vegiterian options are removing the items. No vegan subs besides avocado. That was a nice touch as the avacado sub is free of charge. I got the pumpkin french toast. It was smothered in cranberry sauce. You couldn't taste the pumpkin. Way too much sauce. My sister's traditional French toast was much better. It come with mangos. Also a lot of toppings. The turkey bacon was perfect but they only gave one piece of bacon. The bacon was an extra charge, so getting one piece was disappointing. I probably won't come back as philly had amazing breakfast options.Stopped in today for the first time and really loved it. Tried the Shaksouka with spicy sausage and my wife got the Cubano Sandwich. Both were amazing, so glad there is something like this in the neighborhood.For the many years I've been around West Philly, I can't believe I haven't tried this place until today! If you're in the mood for a great breakfast/brunch/Mediterranean lunch, this is the spot. My friend recommended this place for brunch, so we went straight here after church service on Sunday. Luckily, we beat the crowd and came in when the restaurant wasn't so busy, so we were seated immediately. The menu has a variety of options, with Mediterranean style fare on one side and breakfast/brunch fare on the other side. My friends ordered Earl Gray and Lavender teas, and I ordered a coffee to start. For our entrees, one friend ordered the Cypriot omelette - an omelette with spinach and feta, my other friend ordered a falafel platter, and I ordered the lemon poppy pancakes and a side of candied bacon. 
The lemon poppy pancakes were stacked, fluffy, full of lemon flavor, and there was a ricotta poppy filling between each layer. The candied bacon was crisp, sweet and savory, and delicious. My friends were also satisfied with their entrees. Our server was kind, funny, attentive, and wonderful to talk to on a Sunday afternoon. I highly recommend this casual sit-down for a great meal.Came in on a Thursday afternoon to a fairly empty restaurant, but I heard how crazy it gets sometimes! (Be sure to make a reservation to be on the safer side!)
The lemon poppy pancakes were the BEST that I've ever had. It was not too sweet but I still didn't have to add any syrup! The lemon flavor was very strong -- definitely satisfied my lemon pancake cravings. The short stack is $8 and the full stack is $11. I was full off getting the short stack with a side of bacon.
Their savory options here are great too. Pretty hefty dishes with a lot of flavor. 
Drinks here are decent. The iced drinks are served in a cute little mason jar that's garnished with some sugar on the rim. Super aesthetic! 
Service was kind, friendly and fairly quick. I'm excited to come back next time!This is my favourite kitchen in town wear I cool off especially on weekends, it's a very nice place where the waiter Tom can always have your vibe to keep you buzzing off withThis place is awesome! The ambiance is great and they were very accommodating of our large group. Highly recommend for brunch!best breakfast in west philly. consistently amazing and served in a friendly bright environment. I can't remember what I did on baltimore Ave. before they were here.Have been here several times for brunch. Very much like their sweet brunch choices especially pancakes and waffles. Not so excited about their savory selection (e.g., breakfast burrito). Usually not a very long wait and very family friendly.Recently enjoyed a very nice dinner here. We started with the baba ganoush and hummus which were both rather lemony, but still very good. My friend and I ordered the falafel platter which was very enjoyable and the kefta mashwii wrap. Kefta mashwii is kind of like a meat ball... And it was excellent! The surprise hit of the night were the French fries which we all enjoyed. The place is a small BYO with a West Philly feel. All in all, I would certainly go back.So delicious! Came here with a friend for an afternoon lunch. We ordered the feta wrap and the lamb wrap as well as a short stack of plain pancakes. These guys really know how to use seasoning and spices. The meat was flavorful and juicy and the fries that came with it were delicious as well.
As for the pancakes.... hands down some of the best pancakes I've had in my whole life. I love this place.So I decided to take my uncle and son here for breakfast one Saturday morning. I live in the neighborhood and they are always crowded good sign the food is good right? Wrong I ordered the chicken and waffles the chicken was well flavored but dry and the waffle was overly sweet and dry. My son ordered chocolate chip pancakes. Now he is 6 and loves pancakes and waffles he pretty much will eat them all day if he could he took one bite and refused to eat the rest he said they were nasty. My uncle order potatoes, eggs and bacon which he said was okay and finished his meal. We most likely wont go back but the staff was amazing and I am  a stickler for good customer service and these guys nailed it even though it was super busy.For the price it's offered at, this place was nothing special. While the vibes were immaculate with each visit I had, the food is overrated.  Potatoes, lacking much flavor, basic scrambled eggs with no taste, the sandwich, unappealing and underwhelming in size. You really don't get what you pay for here, and I would not recommend getting brunch here unless you're looking for an unsatisfying meal.Skip it. Not worth the visit. Stale bagel, burnt coffee, fruit not at all ripe, or edible. Waitresses were over eager, removing unfinished plates. Really, so many places to eat, this just isn't one of them.