Great place for a breakfast. The 2 of us (together forever) always are searching for a new place to grab a breakfast and wandered into Res Ipsa for the Frattatta breakfast sandwich which was spicy, hot and well prepared on their own English Muffin - and the service was excellent including Helene (my partner) striking up a conversation on knitting with one of the servers.
Highly recommend and will go back (sooner than later) for a lunch and maybe even a dinner!Excellent, homey cafe in center city.  Small and precise selection, the breakfast I get there is freshly made and really flavorful.  Reanimator coffee reflects the same product from fishtown locations.  Simple atmosphere and great service.Dinner on 1/20/18. Very quaint. BYOB with no corkage, which was both surprising and appreciated. Shared the cauliflower to start, which was interesting but not outstanding. I had the Strascinatti which was well-portioned and a tad on the salty side, and my date had the Roasted Chicken which was delicious and happily shared.
Overall, a nice fare in a tight and a bit purposefully austere setting that was in the end still delicious and warm. Service was excellent. And overall it was an enjoyable experience.I had been wanting to try this place for months and finally took the plunge. I was so intrigued by the coffee shop turned byob (Wednesday through Sunday at least) and went for dinner with a good bottle of wine. The concept works and the space is simple but beautiful. The service was spot on and the few dishes we tried were all delicious - my favorites were the root vegetable caponata and the mushroom pasta. Definitely worth trying and a very reasonable price point given the byob factor. Now I just need to go back for coffee!Great tasting food with a nice variety of options. Location isn't ideal with limited space and reservation is required. Also in the higher range of price.Everything here is excellent. From the service to the food and reasonable.  Grilled cheese sandwich was well paired with a light mild tomato soup. Tip: Don't be shy to dip the brioche in there or else you're missing out.  I had a breakfast muffin, latte, and an iced matcha too.  But the star in my opinion is the fennel sausage. Could it eat for dayzzz. Chef Michael F. is nice too and bc of his team I'll def be back for dinner.Great restaurant and byob. We did the pre fix and there was plenty of food. Try their handmade pastas and the veal shank. Donuts for dessert were out of this worldReally good pasta, chicken dish and salad. Haven't had a bad dish. Favorite is the pesto salad. Definitely great for sharing but also so good that you won't want to.I went in for the famous breakfast sandwich, but ended up getting the Italian Breakfast. The meal was generous and obviously thoughtfully prepared, but I found it a little overpriced and quite salty. I think I was thrown off because it looks like a cafe, it's priced lie brunch, and the food falls somewhere in the middle. I wouldn't not go there, but I wouldn't head across town for it either.Visited Philadelphia last week from Rochester, NY and stopped in to Res Ipsa for dinner based on a recommendation. From the moment we walked in, our experience was incredible. Service was fast and we loved the BYO option, as well as the intimate setting. But, the real highlight was the food! We had the Chef's tasting menu and were blown away by the quality of the food and the portions given. Loved the gnocchi and octopus dishes in particular. Thanks to the Chef and staff for a great dining experience. We will definitely stop here again next time we are in Philadelphia.This place is small and packed with tables to the point of inducing claustrophobia.  Add to that the deafening noise level and I could find no pleasure in our Wednesday dinner.  The food was good but not memorable.  The octopus appetizer was very good.  I didn't care for the sauce on the chicken, but it was juicy.  The pasta dish with sardines was okay.So glad I finally tried this place, and have another cafe to add to my weekend rotation. It's a small cafe which gives it a neighborhood feel but also makes it not the best spot for getting work done. The coffee is from ReAnimator and is excellent (you get one free refill on drip which is nice but the cups are also super small). 
The breakfast sandwich isn't cheap after you add potatoes, a topping, and coffee to your order but the sandwich is quite good and surprisingly filling. I wasn't crazy about the sausage, maybe I'm just finally realizing I don't enjoy the taste of fennel. But the potatoes though are really the standout, such a present flavor akin to I think a chimichurri sauce.Their little sandwiches, and food options in general, are very tasty. Friendly staff. Espresso is consistently a little bitter/sour, so maybe get drip instead. (One area for improvement.) Overall, a very convenient spot when you're in this part of town.- TIP:  The place is tiny & cramped -- so don't go with a big group.
- CON: Went for breakfast -- sandwich had a precooked (not freshly cooked) egg, potatoes were oily, and even the music was a bit annoying (think obscure 90s rock that was a bad version of Pavement)
- BOTTOM LINE:  Went after this place was highly rated from Philly Mag.  Was thoroughly disappointed.  If you're looking for a superior breakfast sandwich & coffee in a welcoming all-day cafe -- skip this place & go to Hungry Pigeon instead.The dinner menu is subtle, intelligent, sophisticated, and bold. There is an awesome attention to detail in each meal, it's exciting. Plus everyone is very friendly, and they let you have a leisurely time, great service.You usually associate Walnut Street with car exhaust and dubious construction that never seems to finish, but Res Ipsa is a welcome exception. And even better, it gets the coveted #MerlinFiiiiiive based on one dish alone: the breakfast sausage/egg sandwhich with cheese and "herbal topping." I'm still trying to figure out what's in that topping, but I've been thinking about it for days now, and it's unbelievable. They could serve cardboard for all their other dishes, and it wouldn't alter my rating at all. That's how good this sandwich is.First the espresso grinder was broken so they offered drip coffee. Fine. Got tea instead. The last sip of the tea came with a piece of hair that wasn't mine. took it back they gave me a weak oops sorry.  I've been here before and the product here is fine but the customer service here could really improve.I met up with an old friend here for brunch and it was quite lovely. The open kitchen gives an overall "homey" and "cozy" feel to the place. There are quite a number of seating available in the restaurant which is modern and cute to take those photos to Instagram later :)
I had an egg plant sandwich which was sweet and quite delish! Although the edge was quite chewy and difficult to eat, if you just take that outer layer off before eating, it'll prevent you from looking ugly when eating this sandwich (just in case you're here on a date or something ;))Two coworkers and I decided to try this place out this morning. Its located on a drowsy section of 23rd and Walnut. We got there at 730a.m. and it wasn't busy at all. Seating is limited but at that time of the morning there were plenty of places to sit.
I ordered the Egg and cheese on English muffin and added sausage. I also got a side of potatoes. Both the sandwich and the potatoes included a slathering of the herbed long hot spread. My breakfast came with free coffee and a refill.
I read reviews of this place and thought: Really, how good could a simple breakfast sandwich be? Well, everything was amazing. The smell of the coffee woke me right up and tasted fantastic. The English muffin was perfectly toasted and the egg and sausage were just delicious. The sauce was also a great touch. The potatoes were crispy and the sauce complimented them very well.
I'd eat here again in a heartbeat. (and again...and again).I came to visit Res Ipsa roughly 2 weeks ago and had to wait a couple of weeks before I could actually put into words the unique breakfast sandwich that definitely lived up to the hype. By far, with all my food experiences I've had thus far - this sandwich is something totally memorable with the combinations of flavors in one perfect bite. First you have to give them props from the start with the homemade English Muffin, followed by the fluffy frittata, topped with oozy melted Asiago cheese, fennel sausage (added to the sandwich) and finally a spinach herbal sauce that has a wide range of spices. Any day of the week I would be ready to go back to have another bite of this sandwich. Will say, it will be hard to pick for next time to stop by the cafe to have another bite of the sandwich or wait a little longer in the day to try one of their pastas. Either way I know I'll be back in no time. 
Cafe itself is a quite small with roughly 12iish tables or so. As more people continue to find out about Res Ispa, I can see the lines for this cafe out the door or them needing to relocate.I came here for a late breakfast on the way to work. I had read about their octopus sandwich but unfortunately that's only for dinner (when this place is BYO and popping!). I got a coffee and the regular egg sandwich. I don't know how they cooked their egg but it was nicely formed without tasting/looking like those fake "egg patties" you sometimes see at eateries. The basil was delectable and you could tell was made fresh. The best part was probably the English muffin though. Once again, it was clear that they made them in house. They were very light and buttery. They very much reminded me of the biscuits I had in New Orleans (which were some of the best I've ever had.) I now know what a good English muffin tastes like!
I wasn't a huge fan of their coffee, it was quite bitter and they didn't have tops when I wanted to take whatever was left in a to go cup.
I'll certainly be back for their dinner fare, I was advised to make reservations for that time!Came here for dinner! The food was amazing and the wait staff were so friendly and courteous. We did the tasting menu, which was a crazy amount of food, but worth it. I'll definitely be back for breakfast and lunch.Love everything about this place. Just go big and go for the tasting menu. The octopus is insane.Really good spot. It's really nice to see a coffee shop in philly that also focuses on food as well. It has a minimalistic atmosphere that would suit reading or an intimate coffee date. The coffee and food are good and affordable in comparison to the coffee/food spots that I've been to on the west coast. Res Ispa will definitely be my new frequent. I highly recommend checking this place out.This place is literally perfection. Adorable cafe with clean decor, and amazing food. The picture literally says it all, but it's absolutely delicious. It's definitely a tight space and not that quiet for work, but the food, coffee and treats are incredible.  Reminded me of cafes in Australia and Europe!I had the tasting menu and it was fantastic
The eggplant campana very tasty .
The chef bring out the fish prior to cooking and explains where comes from and how it will be prepared.
First time here but most definitely be back.Stopped in for a breakfast sandwich. Opted for the English muffin with sausage and cheese and added spinach. This isn't a copycat of a McMuffin. It's quality ingredients prepared fresh. Sausage had an enjoyable spiciness to it. They do lunch in the afternoon and the space becomes a BYO at night. Will definitely return to try their other offerings.I tried Res Ipsa twice while visiting a friend in Philly (once for dinner, once for breakfast); she had recommended that we come here for dinner and made reservations 3 weeks in advance. The small BYO restaurant is located on Walnut St and consists of only around 10 tables. The interior is minimalist with a clean  My friend mentioned that it would be impossible to eat there without a reservation, so make sure you book one!
We had dinner on a Friday night around 5:30pm and by 6pm, the place was completely full. For appetizer, we ordered the eggplant caponata to share. The smokiness of the eggplant came through and the grilled bread provided an nice vehicle to hold the vegetable relish and eggplant all in one bite. For the mains, we both shared 2 full size plates of the Spaghetti a la Vongole and the Strascinatti. Both pastas were cooked and seasoned perfectly. For dessert, we ordered the chocolate mousse, a great sweet note to end off the meal. Service during dinner was attentive, friendly and staff were always present if we needed anything.
I also tried Res Ipsa's breakfast sandwich a few days later during my visit in Philly. My friend and I arrived around 10:30am on a Monday morning and the place was only half full. After ordering our breakfast sandwiches and beverages from the counter, found a table to sit at. My Americano was great and the breakfast sandwich was delicious. All the components worked well together. I would definitely come back for more if I were visiting Philly.
Overall, great food, service and atmosphere! Would highly recommend!This review is for dinner:
My boyfriend and I wanted to find a nice place to celebrate my last day in Philadelphia before moving. We were hoping for something special and intimate, and we stumbled on Res Ipsa through a friend's recommendation. After reading a few of the stellar reviews on Yelp, we decided to give it a try.
Now, I'm generally not one to choose Italian for a dinner out, because usually I feel that I can make most of the dishes at home myself. BUT LET ME TELL YOU - this place is 100% worth the price, and frankly, the price isn't even that steep. We chose an early time slot (~5:30pm) because we were warned that the place filled up later. The venue is small, but absolutely fits the vibe. You can watch the chefs - two, tatted up guys chatting and cooking up a storm - from almost any seat. The waitresses and hostess were perfect, not overbearing, and had suggestions whenever we asked for pointers. 
AND THE FOOD. Good lord. We started with the fried calamari, which was ultra delicate and crisp, and came with fried lemon slices (which we ate), and a few dollops of squid-ink aioli. We also tried their broccolini and tuna appetizer, which looked like it had just been picked from a garden, tiny yellow flowers and all. It was just the right amount of bitter, accented with tart caper berries. Amazing. 
We split a pasta dish (which you can get in half or full sized portions), and they gave us a second half portion on the house (!!). The first dish was a fazzoletti pasta, light, lemony, and dusted with dried fish roe. Our favorite of the two, though, was the second: gnocchi in a slightly spicy tomato-based sauce with fried eggplant. The pastas are handmade here, and you can tell - both offerings were cooked perfectly al dente. 
Finally, the main entree was a whole, beautiful, fresh fish. I'm ashamed to say I can't remember the exact type of fish, only that it was a white fish similar to bass. It was served with the head and fins, alongside grilled lemon and orange slices. Accompanying the fish was a "side" dish (in quotations because it was so unbelievably generous in size) of PERFECTLY crisped potatoes, broccoli rabe, and fennel root. Despite the fact that we were full to bursting, we practically licked the plates clean. 
This was one of the most memorable dinners I have had over my 4 years in Philadelphia, and that includes meals at Zahav, Buddakan, Morimoto, and Talula's Garden. I will most certainly be back when I visit again!Exceptional breakfast sandwiches, pastries, and coffee. A real asset to the neighborhood. Don't miss it!Just wonderful! Stopped in for a bite before going to the Mutter Museum. Had a delicious egg sandwich. YumThis place is good. A cute cafe tucked away in Center City, they are one of the few places that sells Reanimator Coffee outside of their Fishtown/Kensington locations. Everyone raves about their breakfast sandwhich, and for good reason too. I hate english muffins. Even though I got a breakfast sandwich maker, I really don't like the ends of the meaty  meal. This place convinced me that there are english muffins in the world that are worth a second chance. The bread was soft, the sauce added a nice texture, and made it a great meal. I just wish I got the potatoes. It has a clean and modern atmosphere, but doesn't seem like the best place to sit down and work for extended periods of time.Beautiful ambiance, can't speak highly enough in regards to the staff. Portion sizes are perfect for sharing. The food was spectacular. A great take on vegetables and the pasta was some of the best pasta we've ever had. This was very surprising for us, since we are not huge pasta people. Run to make your reservations, you will totally enjoy your evening.Their pasta game is strong.  I dare say one of the best in the city. This place is truly a small gem among the many restaurants in Philadelphia.  The space is small and cozy and the wait staff is friendly and attentive. I left anticipating a return for more of what this place has to offer. I think this covers all of my major requirements for a five star experience.The ice matcha was absolutely amazing. I think it was recently introduced to their menu but has not made it on their menu board yet. I was going to order one of their other drinks but I saw this little sign at the counter about their ice matcha and decided to go for it. For matcha lovers, they are super generous on the matcha. It definitely has a rich and creamy taste (if you add some milk to it). Definitely would recommend to try it. 
Depending on the hour and the day the cafe can get semi-loud quickly because it's small. One of the down sides is that they don't have wifi if you wanted to study. I used hotspot on my phone.I cannot begin to say how wonderful this place is for dinner. We were a large group and so had the tasting menu, arranged in advance. At $50/head, it was a steal. Dinner was an unending parade of cold and warm appetizers, a huge variety of pastas, a couple of superb fish and chicken dishes, and a couple of wonderful desserts. The servers were friendly, attentive and exceptionally knowledgeable about the dishes. I will go back again and again and again.Went here for breakfast once.  Way, way overpriced. Coffee is okay. The worst was the mushy breakfast sandwich with spinach and cheese. Yuck.
I am also not a fan of the sterile, unwelcoming environment.I came here with a friend of mine for breakfast before work.  I got there around 7:45 and was shocked to be the only one in there until about 8:15 or so.  It was very quiet and peaceful!  Would definitely come back and do some work here and/or read a book.
I tried the hibiscus tea which warmed me up.  The breakfast sandwich lived up to my expectations!  I tried the breakfast sandwich with fennel sausage and crispy potatoes on the side at the recommendation of the Bon Appetit review.  It was fantastic!  The flavors were incredible and a nice, subtle twist on an old classic.  The muffin was the perfect consistency of crispy and soft.  The potatoes were amazing as well. I work right over the Walnut Street bridge and have a hard time finding good breakfast places within walking distance.  So glad I've found this place!This place is a must in my book. There is nothing on the menu that is not to die for!  From beans to ravioli to amazing roasted chicken with unbelievable veggies to compliment. Don't wait just go!!!! Again and again and again. This is a top chef who's passion is in every biteLove the breakfast sandwich here, always get it with fennel sausage. Only been to dinner here once and that was quite nice too.Tonight was a stunningly beautiful, deliciously complex and well balanced meal.  The servers were just lovely, welcoming, professional, fun and very helpful offering great recommendations.  I appreciate Res Ipsa's practices, I care about that.   The staff are treated with great respect.  They have a staff meal and are encouraged to contribute creative ideas.  It is my favorite dinning experience in Philadelphia, perhaps America.  Thank you to all the chefs who take time out to create such wonderful dishes and then find the time to personally describe them, it made my night.      PS It is a BYOBWe had the fixed menu. The food had great flavors but was SO salty that I couldn't eat as much I wanted to. Great service though! We might give it a second chance at some point.Was in Philly for the Super bowl.. stopped in here the day after the game and was happy I did...
Coffee was very good and they have amazing breakfast sandwiches..
I tried the homeade sausage and egg one which was very good...
They even had a bag of Nick Foles-gers Coffee which made my day..
Cute place worth checking out.Cozy BYO, which is a coffee house during the day. We just went for coffee and desserts and loved it. The coffee was tasty, no need to add sugar! Desserts were also nice and not too heavy. Also, the dinner dishes at the tables around us smelled delicious, I wish we had gone for dinner, too!I have now had breakfast, lunch, and dinner at Res Ipsa and I have yet to be disappointed! Their breakfast sandwich is delightful and the pastas I've tried during their dinner have been delicious. Today I tried their eggplant sandwich during lunch for the first time and it was great! It seems like a simple sandwich but everything was sooo tasty. I can't wait to keep trying more from Res Ipsa.Review just for their breakfast sandwich!
Omg so good. Get it. 
I got the egg breakfast sandwich with fennel sausage and potatoes on the side. I normally am more of bacon egg and cheese than sausage+e+c but their sausage was so good! And there's some herby spinach mixture inside that took the sandwich to next level above other breakfast sandwiches. 
Also! Best. Home. Fries. Ever. It's tossed in with that herby mixture and the skins are crispy and browned to perfect deeper golden brown. 
But everything inside other than egg and cheese is additional $2-3 so it adds up quickly :/ 
Anyways another one of those good millennial brunch spots!While seating is limited, people are generally accommodating and willing to squeeze together. You order at the counter and take a number back to your table. 
I had the eggplant sandwich but I found the bread a little too tough for my taste. Everything else was well done, from the eggplant to the sauce, and especially to the potatoes. Honestly I think the potatoes were the best part, they were incredibly soft and flavorful. I also had the iced coffee which was great as well. And on top of that - don't judge me - I also had an earl grey donut which was pretty standard, but an interesting flavor. 
Next time, and there will most likely be a next time, I'll try the breakfast sandwich.Went here two weeks ago and it was good. I generally base my dining experiences on a combination of food and ambiance. The food was good, I had the eggs in purgatory and it was delicious. The coffee is good if you like the more artisanal type. I am partial to La Colomb corsica as I love the dark, bold flavor. Reanimator is a Philly coffee co and who they brew at Res Ipsa. Overall it was a good experience, the vibe was a little weird when I went as there wasn't really anyone there and it was quiet. May have just been an off time. I am willing to try again for dinner as I have heard many good things about the place.Been there twice for dinner. It's up there with the very best restaurants in the city. Thoughtful progressive combinations and execution using classic Italian technique such as baking there own bread and rolling their own pastas. Good vibes, great service staff. Love that the kitchen comes out to run the food and provide a brief explanation of the dishes in a matter of fact unpretentious tone. They are on their game. Beautiful presentation of the food. Get the $50 tasting menu. Maybe the best value in the city. One draw back. Too loud when the restaurant is full with patrons celebrating the joy of appreciating an amazing meal. Full disclosure I am friendly with the owner/one of the chefs but wouldn't change a thing about this review. Try it and you shall see. Go soon or you won't be able to get in. Very small but charming simple modern space.I'm conflicted about this place.
+ one of the best cups of lattes I've had in the area (and I've had probably too many)
- the saltiest salads I've ever had, ever
+ the most indulgent breakfast sandwich made with a frittata so delicious it inspired me to host a brunch party
So overall, I'm net positive given the wonderful coffee and minimalist decor, but just be watchful when you take your first bite of salad!Only been for breakfast...and amazed by the breakfast sandwich! Incredibly delicious, tasty english muffin topped with frittata and a wonderful almost chimichurri-like spread. Fennel sausage for the meat-inclined. Very light, enjoyable atmosphere, and surprisingly inexpensive for the location! Can't wait to come back for dinner.Very limited seating at breakfast. People using seats who brought their laptops who just buy a cup of coffee then sit for hours, so paying customers who are eating a full breakfast can't sit. 
The food is delicious, but menu has a very limited selection. I would give higher stars for service and food, but was very frustrated about the seating issues.Maybe my favorite place for dinner, plus BYOB. Rarely in neighborhood in the morning, but today was different. Just had breakfast sandwich for first time - fennel sausage variety - and will be going out of my way to return.Very pretty and modern-looking cafe right next to the Schuylkill river trail. No outlets for those that want to get some work done. Food-wise: expensive for the small portions you get, but very clean and tasty bites. House coffee beans. Had the Italian breakfast: fennel sausage, cannellini beans, broccoli rabe, fried egg. The sausage was the size of my thumb. I went back home and had another breakfast. This place is very good, I just think that the portion sizes are really small for what you get, though I also get that we're next to Rittenhouse Park. Probably won't be back, but definitely worth giving this place a try.Absolutely amazing breakfast sandwich. I added spinach and fennel sausage to the breakfast sandwich with a side of potatoes and a flat white. Could not fault anything, recommend to all!!Four stars is about right for dinner.  Appetizers, which should be a knock-out punch, are really just good.  Pasta is among the best I've had in Philadelphia.  The service is excellent - the wait staff knows every dish and is very attentive.
But let's not kid ourselves - this is not Vernick, it's not Vetri (or even Osteria).  The menu is so limited that every single dish has to rock my world to get into that category - and it's just not quite there yet.  Also, the atmosphere for dinner is just too loud for my taste - it was hard to hear myself think.  And what's up with the upside-down appetizers?  Feels too much like a gimmick.
I'll definitely come here again, but I also hope this place evolves a bit more.  Though it isn't in the category of the restaurants I mentioned above, I'd like to see it strive to get there. It feels a bit like a teenager that just needs to grow up a bit more - and I'll be waiting with open arms when it does.Everything was delicious - appetizers; fresh pasta middle course; chicken entree; desserts. Service was very friendly and attentive. Casual and great dining experience!0Came in around like 1pm. They serve breakfast until 3:30pm, and I heard great things about the breakfast sandwich (plus it looks pretty good on here).
There were a few other customers, but it wasn't packed. There was no line. You order at the counter, and they bring the food out to you. The service was great. He wasn't mean about me walking right past the water (not seeing it) and then asking if they had water...
I ordered it with spinach and bacon and a side of potatoes. It took a little while to cook. I didn't count, but it felt a little too long for something that's not complicated.
The sandwich is a normal breakfast sandwich size. The muffin made in house was great and soft! However, the "frittata" was kind of dry and had a weird texture. I know they don't use microwaveable eggs like Starbucks and whatnot uses in their sandwiches, but it tasted that way. There wasn't a lot of bacon, and they put the herb long hot spread on top of the other ingredients in the sandwich instead of the bottom. I thought it was an unspoken rule that spreads go on the bottom. 
The potatoes were odd. They're whole petite-toes, instead of cut up, so they don't get crispy. They weren't bad. The salsa verde was bomb.
Everything was good, but it unfortunately didn't live up to the hype. I'd come back for the muffin, but would just get jam on it and a coffee.I have yet to try their food offerings, but I can say that their espresso isn't the best I've had. It was creamy, but way too acidic for my taste. However, I do like coming to Res Ipsa to study.I remember reading about this place in some national list of hot new restaurants and it's been on my list for a while. I knew they were known for their breakfast sandwiches, but I tried coming on a weeknight for dinner and even then it was too busy! It's a pretty small place, but I finally came for breakfast and really enjoyed the fennel sausage on the breakfast sandwich. It's a pretty unique flavor but I wish it was more filling! I'm such a big brunch person and tend to like comfort foods haha. The side potatoes were also fancy though--never thought of salsa verde and chili oil for potatoes before. The breakfast menu is a bit limited, so if you were planning to get a bunch of different things to share with a party this may not be the place to go, but I still enjoyed my experience.Every interaction I've had in this cafe has been a pleasant and wonderful experience! The staff is friendly and the coffee is great! They also have good food. I highly recommend it :)I don't really get the rave reviews of this place unfortunately :/ Been here three times now, most recently just last week. Wanted to like it b/c I love the all-day dining concept, and have given it a few tries, but it really does seem like the emperor's new clothes to me. Waited at the counter while the skinny tattooed barista/server lady chatted with another employee for a few minutes. Finally turned to us, no warm welcome, and when we asked about stowing our baby stroller somewhere (it was collapsed and didn't take up much space) all she said was "you can try... there's not much room in here." Uh, thanks? We awkwardly tried to move a table ourselves (there were only two other tables occupied so we weren't disrupting anyone) until finally a kitchen worker who didn't speak English graciously came out and showed us we could tuck the stroller in behind the door. Maybe she should be the hostess/server instead since she was the most hospitable of the bunch! Waited 20 mins for very mediocre sandwiches. Asked for ketchup and server went to a neighboring table and took theirs to give to us. The whole experience was annoying and underwhelming.I had an amazing experience at Res Ipsa. The place is known for its coffee and brunch, but I chose to go for dinner. I am so glad that I did.
The restaurant is located on Walnut Street in a small space with only 10 tables, so be sure to get a reservation. The space is well decorated, and the interiors are full of natural light during the day. It's a wonderful place for a date or conversation, but the tables are a close fit in case confidentiality is important. 
The service was outstanding -- I almost thought that they had found my Yelp Elite profile because it was so generous and wonderful. They brought a chef's tasting to my table of the eggplant caponata. I really despise eggplant, especially the texture. This dish was so delicious that it never occurred to me that it was eggplant, and I certainly did not hate it. I loved it. The smoked eggplant flavor was perfect, and the dish itself was a work of art.
I loved that the restaurant offers 1/2 orders of pasta, so I ended my meal with the Spaghetti a La Vongole. It was the perfect size for me, and I loved every bite. I ended the night with some of their own roasted coffee.
Being a lawyer, I love the name of the restaurant. "The thing itself" is wonderful and apparent on the surface, but also as you experience the depth of the creativity and hospitality here.Nice little cafe that seats roughly 20-25 people. The service is friendly and the coffee is great!
The menu is not extensive and things tend to be pricey and on the smaller side, but the quality is all right. (Mainly talking about the pastries because I can't say I'm super impressed with the reheated spongy egg square nestled between two crumbly, burned, fast-food-quality slices of English muffin that they pass off as a breakfast sandwich.) 
Other breakfast-y items include yogurt parfaits, and it seems like they also have salads and lunch sandwiches. It's not too crowded yet, so a good place to read while sipping coffee with a pastry or breakfast sandwich. The marble-topped tables are pretty.I normally can't get here as I leave before it opens on weekdays, but I decided to go check it out today.
It's a very minimalist setup - even down to what's posted from the menu.  Simple and clean.  I like that.  
The breakfast sandwich had "frittata, asiago fresco, and herb long hot spread" and was on a house-made English muffin.  There was something a little funny about the texture of the spread, but it was overall a very unique sandwich and I enjoyed it.  I also ordered a side of potatoes, which come with salsa verde and chili oil.  The salsa verde was quite bitter and strangely crunchy, but the potatoes were cooked well and I'm not full without being in pain.
Lastly, they gave me a free coffee because I ordered a breakfast sandwich.  That is a great deal.  All three items for around $8.00.  It looks like it would be a very overpriced place because it's so chic, but I found this very fair.
I'd go again and try some of their incredible-looking savory pastries!I enjoyed BYO dinner here celebrating a friend's birthday. Highly suggest reservations - I'm not sure if they seat walk ins. Also, the place is tiny - we were a group of 4 and I think managing anything larger than 6 would be difficult. 
Res Ipsa for dinner is intimate but relaxed. Our waitress was super friendly and attentive. We got the tasting menu so we basically tried everything they had to offer. It was a ton of food and we all left full and happy! Standouts were the cauliflower and corn starters, and the spaghetti a la vongole, but the star was the roasted chicken! The sauce was so effing gooood and the meat was juicy and tender. When our waitress came to take our plates we all raved about it, and she said their recipe is online! Sure enough, a quick google search found it! I haven't tried to make it myself yet although why would I when I can make my way over to Res Ipsa and eat it with their amazing bread.. yum. 
Essentially, come hungry and be sure to order the chicken.Context:
Got delivery for lunch
What I got:
Open Face Whitefish Sandwich (6/10)
This sandwich was fine.  I simply don't have much to say about it.  It is exactly as advertised and not much more.  It was quite filling though - much more than I expected!
Side of Potatoes (7/10)
These were great!  The flavor really came through and the potatoes seemed to be cooked very well, although they had gotten a little soggy by the time I actually had the opportunity to eat them due to delivery.  If they were still crispy, they would have been fantastic.
Caesar Salad (3/10)
I think there may have been a mistake here - one of my colleagues had also ordered the Caesar and our salads were miles apart.  First of all, my salad was lacking croutons and was nearly devoid of dressing.  It was also incredibly bitter for some reason and made it almost painful to eat.  I'm not sure if the bitterness was by intention or not, but the dearth of dressing definitely highlighted how much I noticed it.  I'm sure this salad isn't normally this bad, since most everything else was of high quality, and perhaps someone just made a mistake while preparing it.  Nevertheless, I cannot judge that hypothetical.  This was a dish I could not finish.
Final Word:
I've heard great things about Res Ipsa, but mostly pertaining to their dinner.  I will definitely look to come here again in the evening, but I am unlikely to be ordering from their lunch menu again - mostly due to the disappointing salad.I came here for dinner with friends on Saturday night.  We were a party of six and any parties of five or larger are required to do the tasting menu.  They were very upfront about this and it was a great fit for our party.  We got to try so many things.  Things came out when they were ready and the waitress was wonderful about letting us know what each dish was and  how everything was divided.  There was bread with olive oil, first course (salads), pasta course, main course, and dessert course.  At the end of the first course we were already getting so full!  The pace was very fast, faster than you would expect for this type of dinner service.  The standouts in my mind were from the pasta course, some pasta with mushrooms, was incredible, and the chicken dish from the main course.  We had a vegetarian with us and they were very accommodating and always made sure to be very clear about what dish was veg friendly.  The place was small with a great ambiance.  It is BYO and they have a pretty strict reservation policy (big pet peeve of mine) but that did not detract from the overall experience.good coffee. their breakfast sandwich needs a cheese that melts. and winter is coming -- so please invest in to go soup containers. its a no brainer.I heard this was a great place but was surprised by how great it was! The food was excellent, the chef's tasting is definitely worth it to try a variety of dishes on the menu. The bucatini with monkfish was spicy and delicious! The chicken dish was beyond amazing and even the desserts were great! I'll be back!Their sandwiches are so tasty! I ordered the BLT, which came with avocado and chipotle aioli. The combination of the salty and crispy bacon (which was thick enough to still carry a nice bite), freshly toasted bread, and flavorful aioli, made this one of the best sandwiches I've tasted in recent memory. And the side of potatoes that came with it was heavenly. Perfectly seasoned with oil and herbs, slightly crispy on the outside, and fluffy on the inside. 
Res Ispa, you guys really know how to make one mean samwich. I will definitely be back to taste more of your offerings.Just had my first and probably last dinner at Res Ispa Café.  The food was decently prepared and was well seasoned.  My problem was with the arrogance of the "Chef", who refused to let us box our left overs.  I'm sorry, but I if I can't finish what was served and what I paid for, I expect the opportunity to have it boxed so I could enjoy it later.  When I asked to have my left over boxed, I was told that the "Chef" wouldn't allow it. Excuse me Mr. Chef, but I've eaten at plenty of superior restaurants in Philadelphia and never had this problem.  As a result, I probably won't return since there are so many better options that are more accommodating in the city.  Seems like the Philly Mag ranking may have gone to your head.  Too bad, your restaurant has potential.The food was fantastic. But the atmosphere was lacking. The noise level was so loud that we literally had to shout to the wait staff and to each other during the course of the meal. This is a shame since the acoustics should have been addressed in the restaurant design.Cute little café in an area that was certainly in need of a coffee/breakfast spot. The breakfast sandwich was delicious...whatever kind of sauce they use really makes the sandwich. You get one free coffee refill if dining in, so that's a perk. 
A bit on the pricy side, but definitely a place I will hit up every now and then.Our very unpleasant experience literally began at the front door.  Our party of four and another party of two arrived for our 5:30 reservations at 5:25.  The staff would not open the door until  precisely 5:30.  They looked at us through the glass; we looked at them.  Apparently no one ever pointed out to them the difference between rules of reason and rules of administration.  We found it annoying but that was only the beginning of a bad night.  
We entered to the loud sound of pulsing, beating music and took our seats, some of which with their curved backs were uncomfortable and made hanging our jackets on them virtually impossible.  We asked our wait person to lower the music, which she did, marginally.  The worst part was the loud percussion and bass, both driving a steady beat.  Hardly the sort of sounds conducive to sitting down with friends for a pleasant meal.  By now we have learned the music is primarily for the benefit of the staff but this was the most offensive choice of music any of us had encountered in a long time.  We asked them to again turn the volume lower, which they did, but the beat went on and on and on.  It was completely intrusive.
As for the meal, it was very mediocre at best.  An eggplant caponata had hardly any eggplant in it.  Contemporary chefs can be expected to experiment with traditional dishes, but this was ridiculous.  Two of us ordered the caponata and both of us thought it was anything but!  One of us ordered a roasted cauliflower, which was very generous but tasteless and unimaginative.  The fourth member of our party ordered two half-portions of pasta, which arrived literally sitting in precisely half the bowl as if the pasta was spooned out initially and cut precisely in half.  It was quite odd to see but reflecting an attitude of rigidity that conformed to the rest of the evening.  BTW, after our appetizers, the wait person asked if we wanted clean silverware for our entres.  Don't ask.  Just change it.
The pastas were terrible.  Two of us ordered spaghetti al vongole.  It arrived with cheese already spread on it (an absolute no-no to say nothing of being the diner's choice, not the chef's) and was too salty.  Our friend who ordered the two half portions of pasta received one dish (the name of which escapes me) of a wide, ribbon pasta.  All of us sampled it and decided it was without question completely tasteless....as in no taste other than the pasta.  We are all reasonably sophisticated eaters (and one among us spends a month in Italy every year for more than 30 years.)  None of us could identify a single flavor other than the pasta in the dish in question.
We ordered two desserts against most of our better judgments and shared them..  The mouse was very good. 
So, we collectively ordered three appetizers, three entre-sized pastas, two half-portion pastas, and two desserts.  With tax and tip the bill was $189.  NEVER again.
BTW:  The single $ and average price of $10 listed for this restaurant would not even cover a single appetizer at dinner.  Clearly that figure is based on breakfast and not a very substantial one at that!I've been following chef/ owner Tyler Akin pretty closely since he opened Stock.  This is a great extension of his focus on the highest quality ingredients and killer execution, but in a setting where you know you're not paying for overpriced decor or rent. VALUE is 100%. Its all about simplicity and letting the food speak for itself.  
As its Sicilian inspired, I order everything on the menu for a dinner for 4.
During the day, the breakfast sandwiches are insanely good and Reanimator roasts their own coffee and partnered with Tyler to bring this all day cafe to life. Definitely go!It's been 12 hours since I stopped here and got myself a breakfast sandwich with a side of potatoes and I haven't stopped thinking about it.
Much like walking past Karlie Kloss on a side street in Manhattan, this sandwich will haunt your thoughts on an hourly basis.
I've given up my youthful idealistic dreams of saving the world but if I can convince at least one other person to try this sandwich, then I'll have been redeemed.
My only regret is not buying two more. But now every time I drive from DC to NY, I plan on leaving at 6am just to make it here before their 11am breakfast cut-off.Best restaurant. Can't speak for breakfast/lunch but dinner was 5 stars. My party of 4 showed up to an already pushed back reservation by the restaurant--we had to wait for our table again, which was fine. They acknowledged that and gave us 3 dishes for free (we had already ordered quite a bit for the table). However, everything truly tasted great, was hot and artfully presented. Tight space but the fun atmosphere plays to that.I squeezed into a last minute dinner and glad I did. All of the food was delicately intentional, with surprising flavors. Each bite just made me smile. The celery root dessert was refreshingly and interesting, though could see not everyone being wild about it. The fazzoletti looked simple but every bite tasted so exciting. Most especially, I fell in love with the pear tart served with a pool of olive oil resting in a dollop of fresh whipped cream. Did not expect a pear tart to be the star of dinner, especially after loving the pasta dish. Still day dreaming of the flavors I tasted here. Will be back for sure :)Res Ipsa was everything and more you hope for in a quintessential Philadelphia BYOB! My boyfriend and I visited for our 1 year anniversary and followed our wonderful waitress' (Mary) recommendation to do the Chef's tasting. You get to try several of their incredible dishes and it's 100% worth it in order to sample a lot of the menu and it comes out to a similar price point if you would want to split a few items with your party. Service was fantastic and the Chef even personally came out to greet us and say happy anniversary while also offering us to choose whichever dessert dish we chose. The atmosphere is simplistic by nature, which I think adds to the allure of this hidden gem! I used to stand across the street daily to catch the 42 Septa bus and always saw this building opening its doors for coffee. Highly recommend and can't say more good things about this establishment! Thank you for a wonderful evening.