I'm so sad this restaurant is closing. The lyonnaise salad was one of the best I ever tasted! The potatoes were seared well crispy on the edges and pillow soft in the middle, the yolk helped meld the green and bacon it was amazing! The bartender is one of the best! You told her (sorry forgot her name) what you wanted and she delivered. I've always had a solid happy hour here. Perhaps I'll try Noord. But I'm the meantime WHERE am I suppose to get my lyonnaise fix with a nice cold stiff drink the way I like it???First time exploring the Italian Market section of Philly and we find this gem! The food is amazing and super flavorful. The bread is light, fluffy, warmed over the grill and rested on what looked like olive oil and pesto. Highly recommend the goat stew entree! It has a touch of spiciness well-blended with Mediterranean flavors. Had the dark chocolate cake with caramel sauce to finish off the meal. The cake itself is not too sweet so the caramel sauce gives a sugary embrace.My wife and I are big fans of Noord.  This place isn't quite as good, but it's still a very solid choice.
The bisteeya was a bit of a miss.  I've never seen it come in a rectangular form as it did for us.  The sugar didn't really come through, and the filling was a bit dry.  The potatoes and salad that came with it were excellent, on the other hand.
We also got the chicken tajine for 1 to share.  It was so much food.  If you get the tajine, I'd recommend getting a single portion per two or three people.  The tajine was very excellent in terms of flavor.  And the chicken might be the most moist and juicy I've ever had.  It was awesome.  But it came out a bit lukewarm, which was disappointing.
All in all, though, it was a solid place.  I recommend it.absolutely one of my favorite new places in philly.  delicious beyond delicious!  and the owner is a gem.Great location, right in the heart of the Italian Market!!!
Attentive efficient and extraordinarily pleasant service.
Modest but high quality wine list, reasonably priced. 
And the food was terrific.  An eclectic array filled with exotic flavors.
All in all a great experience.Since my September review, we've probably been back to Neuf five times, the most recent being brunch in early December and drinks+appetizers on New Year's Eve.  Quite honestly, the place seems to get better each time.  The new bartender, Molly, has taken the cocktail game to the next level.  She is an inventive and intriguing mixologist.  Malik, the chef, has taken Joncarl's culinary lead and brought it to an even better place.  The lamb burger is astonishingly great!  Go!  As soon as you can.Neuf things you should know about Neuf:
UN. They are on opentable and you're going to need a reservation.
DEUX. The menu is split into salads, small plates,  entrees, and shareables. We got 3 small plates,  2 entrees, and a shareable and it was a LOT of food for 4 hungry ladies. The entrees are large and the tagines are massive. 
TROIS. Petit plats- You must get the bulgur crusted oysters. They are perfect. We we also big fans of the quail. You can skip the prawns. Good,  but nothing special. 
QUATRE. Entrees- we really liked the goat leg and the beef stew was also excellent.  Interesting flavors,  large portions. 
CINQ. There was a special tagine with red snapper, veggies, chick peas, mussels, couscous. It was amazing, hearty, flavorful, and gigantic (warning: they make it for however many people are in your party and price it accordingly). This place has perfect cold weather food. 
SIX. Save room for dessert,  specifically the persimmon cake (not too sweet), and the sorbet which can be made as a sandwich (last night was pumpkin pie  sorbet with snickerdoodle cookies).
SEPT. Service was excellent, our waiter gave great recommendations and was very attentive, and the chef made sure to stop by. 
HUIT. Great spot for a date or small group - low lit, but tables aren't too close, the art and ambiance all make for a great atmosphere. 
NEUF. They have draft wine carafes that are very good and reasonably priced ($33). There were also some cocktails and digestifs.
Overall this was a little more expensive that we were expecting ($75 each with tax and tip) but we loved everything we got and we were a bit overambitious in our ordering. Highly recommend! Cinq etoiles pour neuf!As fans of Noord we had high expectations of this restaurant owned by the same chef.  Our expectations were not met.  The food was surprisingly bland.  We had the swordfish, a generously portioned piece but in a non-distinct sauce that was quite disappointing.  The fried oysters were extremely mushy and, again, accompanied by a very undistinguished sauce.  Even the bread, a signature item at both restaurants (and baked by the same person at each) was very disappointing here. The worst part of the meal was dessert.  One item, a tarte tatin, was inedible.  The others were simply mediocre.   Neuf has a bar; Noord does not.  Expect to easily spend AT LEAST $75 per person here.  One final note:  the restaurant is covered and filled with hard surfaces and can be uncomfortably noisy.  If you go with friends, plan to brush up on hand signals.Amazing food and excellent service.
From the appetizers to your main course you will be delighted.
We also enjoyed the personal touches provided by the chef.Very bland food! Pretty disappointing especially since the cuisine could have drawn on so many rich spices. We ordered the prawns, chicken tagine, and lentils appetizer. All mushy and pretty boring
The space is beautiful but incredibly noisy.as a big fan of noord, I decided to take my girlfriend for an early Valentine's Day dinner. we knew from noord that the dishes would be hearty, and they did not disappoint. Right when we entered, I noticed the bouillabaisse that some tables had ordered and mentally made a note to order it. However, looking at the menu, my girlfriend really wanted the spicy goat leg and I was intrigued by the braised lamb shoulder tajine. we decided to get both so we can try them out. the cocktails we got (take 5 and george burns) were very strong, so we were able to enjoy them throughout dinner. we got the prawns and quail to start. the prawns were a bit underwhelming in flavor while the stuffed quail was roasted nicely in a delicious citrous broth. I would definitely recommend the quail if you're looking for a hearty appetizer. the main entrees that we ordered were amazing. the tajine was cooked really well with the vegetables' natural sweetness shining through, while the braised lamb was really tender. the spicy goat leg my girlfriend got was really seasoned well. the flavor reminded me of ethiopian cuisine but it wasn't too overwhelming for the stomach. the two portion sizes were more than we could handle, but we finished them anyways. for dessert, we shared a ginger-persimmon cake, which was light and not too sweet, perfect for the end of the meal. overall, I would definitely come back again to try other dishes. this is probably one of my favorite places now to get a hearty meal.I would give this wonderful Italian Market spot 4 1/2 stars. French/North African fusion with Mediterranean flair. he atmosphere has something for everyone. Tucked away romantic tables, a bar in the center or nice tables for a group. It's not too noisy and the lighting is warm. The staff was friendly from the start, we ended up sitting at the bar for dinner, which was lovely. There are nice happy hour cocktails and wine/beer options. But for the main reason to go: food!
    We started with the Bulgar crusted fried oysters & the kusheri salad--both delicious & unique. The braised goat leg was very flavorful, we got more bread so we could soak up all that savory sauce. There were quite a few things on the menu that caught my attention and I can't wait to go back.This was such a great place. I will continue to visit Noord and The Dutch. Can't wait for another restaurant from these guysAnother fun evening at Neuf.  The drinks are fantastic and expertly mixed.  The menu choices
are amazing and the desert called French Brest is a killer.  Joncarl Lachman the owner and chef always finds the time to say hello and to make sure you are enjoying you evening.I was apprehensive in trying this restaurant and my friend had been insisting that we try it, since its opening in August-September 2015. I was shocked by lack of reviews this placed had. But, I'm glad I got to experience this place.
Ambience: Place is set in the heart of the Italian market. Which gives it a nice quaint feel. The restaurant was small but you didn't feel crammed as you do in similar restaurants in the city. Our reservations were for 9pm and when we arrived it was a full house. This made me excited, as I figured the food must be good with this amount of people dinning. We were greeted by the Chef/Owner which was and extra score, since I like when a chef interacts with its guest!
The ambience was very euro-hipster for me! Dimmed lights with candles that lit each table. The atmosphere was very inviting and not that loud, despite the crowd.
Food Presentation: we started at the bar as we waited for our table. I was handed the drink menu and proceeded to ask the bartender to recommend a drink the was sweet. He asked if I liked vodka and lemons, I replied "yes!". He made me a drink he like to call "St. Avril (?)" and this drink was delicious. I can't remember all the ingredients, but this drink definitely set the tone for the night!
Taste: we started with KUSHERI SALAD- macaroni, jasmine rice, French lentils, olive oil, tarragon vinegar, halloumi croutons and apple brunoise--- this was so delicious. Packed flavor and the croutons were so good and cheesy! I wish the gave us more croutons. 
Next we had the CAULIFLOWER CHARMOULA-grape puree, onion, olive oil, clove--- this dish right here OMGOODNESS!! The roasted cauliflower was cooked to perfection. Even the sauce had me scraping the bottom of the dish.
Then VEGETABLE TAJINES- Roasted fresh vegetable over couscous- this was delicious and cooked well. The couscous was very fine in size and added the right blend, not over powering the vegetables.
SIGNATURE MUTTON BURGER-- soft roll, brie, lettuce, roasted tomato, raw shallots---had this cooked medium! And man, this was nice and tender, and juicy. Wasn't tough at all! Very flavorful. I added a spicy mayo and this completed the dish. Powerhouse of flavors in every bite!!!
Dessert--had a variety of desserts, Warm dark chocolate cake w/ salted caramel sauce--delicious!
Paris-bret--- pastry w/ rose water whipped cream
Server: our server was "G" which made this experience the best!!! He is an awesome server, very welcoming and knowledgeable about every dish. Gave his best recommendations and was on point with them! He was very accommodating!
The Chef/Owner was at the table next to us, and occasionally would speak and checkin with guest throughout the restaurant. He checked in on me and my dinner mate and actually admired my friend's Kate Spade bag! Lol he was a cool guy very down to earth. Definitely add a soft touch and great experience for me!
Revisit: absolutely!!! Hope to become a regulGreat food and service. Cool bar and atmosphere too. Bartender knew exactly what to make me. Will be back for sure.Such an enjoyable dinner!! I've been wanting to try Neuf for months and finally got the chance. I'm happy to say it didn't disappoint. Had a fairly late reservation and when we arrived we were greeted very warmly.  We had to wait a few minutes for our table but the bar was a
comfortable place to wait. 
Once seated, our server did a great job of explaining the menu and giving recommendations but after studying the menu online,I already knew what I wanted to try. The Kusheri was wonderful; the halloumi croutons added the perfect crunch. I was looking forward to trying the Shakshuka, but unfortunately they were out of that dish.  To compensate, the server brought us cauliflower charmoula on the house. Wow, this was so flavorful and done perfectly. I got the vegetable tajine for my main course.  The veggies were over light flaky couscous and the seasoning was unique with a hint of cinnamon flavor. Oh and the complimentary bread was delicious too. For dessert we wanted to try the Paris Brest but they were out of that dessert the way it is usually prepared. So in addition to what we ordered, we got and additional dessert that they put together so we could get a taste of what we originally wanted.  While this was way too much dessert and we didn't come close to finishing it, the gesture was very appreciated.
The restaurant is small and dark but has a friendly neighborhood feel that's missing in a lot of other places. The balance of fine food combined with a casual and relaxed atmosphere hit the mark. While there were a couple disappointments with item availability, the service and the way it was handled made up for it. All of the staff was friendly and attentive.Having been a restaurant owner for many years, I find it difficult to write a bad review, because I know how hard this business is.  However, when even the simplest things are missed, and service is virtually non-existent, I feel it is warranted, and the only reason they have even one star is that Yelp does not allow zero star reviews.  They should, because it is justified in this case.  We, and I suspect many others, stumbled into Restaurant Neuf in the Italian Market due to the long wait at Sabrina's around the corner.  My gf and I were initially very excited, as she lived in Paris in the past, and is a huge Francophile.  Our excitement did not last long.  
We sat at the bar, and the bartender barely acknowledged us, seemingly more interested in wiping down her bar mats than addressing customers.  We flagged her down (she was all of five feet away from us) to order coffee, and had to get her attention again and ask if we could order some food.  We finally did, and we sat there watching as she unhurriedly went about several other tasks before entering our order.  
The food came out pretty quickly, especially given that they were fairly busy, which was good.  The food itself however, was not.  My gf's Salad Lyonaisse was fine, but it's kind of hard to screw up lettuce, bacon, and a sunny-side egg.  My Croque Madamè, which I have eaten many, many times in various cities, was quite likely the worst I've ever had.  The bread appeared to be the bottom half of a hoagie roll, and was not even fresh.  The Roast Pork touted on the menu was a bland, tasteless, grey slab of pork loin, topped with ultra-thin slices of melted cheese. The eggs, which were sunny-side up as they should be, had a considerable amount of clear, uncooked albumen clinging to the yolks.  In better kitchens, this would have been drawn off with a fork and cooked, leaving the delicate, creamy yolk uncovered.  
The otherwise inattentive bartender did ask once how everything was, and I replied with an "Eh, not so great" and a twist of my open palm. (If you've ever spent any time in an Italian household you know exactly what this means!)  Clearly she didn't care, as she went on about her business without another word.  
As hungry as we were, we ate what we could and wanted to pay and get out.  We once again had to flag her down from just a few feet away, only to see her acknowledge, then ignore our request.  I finally asked what I assume was a hostess, or possibly manager, who then printed and presented our check.  
Needless to say, we will NOT be returning.  Next time, we will wait for a table at Sabrina's no matter how long the line is.  And one final note- when you have an open kitchen that is visible to your patrons, you should instruct your cooks to not snack from the prep table in plain view of the dining room, then wipe his mouth on a kitchen towel and go back to work without washing his hands.Was in the Italian Market for the festival... after the crowds died down, went to this place for dinner. The food was excellent. Great flavors, inspired menu. We had a couple of different plates, and everything was delicious. Ambiance was relaxed. Staff was super friendly. I would gladly drive the 2 hours from NYC to Philly just to eat here.Simply spectacular. From the creative cocktails, to the inventive menu, Neuf impressed me in every way.Met two friends there last Thursday evening for dinner. One of my friends had arrived a few minutes earlier and ordered wine and I ordered a cocktail. It took 40 minutes for someone to finally bring bread to the table while we were waiting on the third person joining us. I ordered the "fennel 3 ways," "bread with sardines", and chocolate cake for dessert. Every course was nothing special and overpriced - split 3 ways it was $70 per person (which included the tip). I like shopping at the Italian Market, but when I spend that much on dinner, I'd prefer not to be looking out the window at makeshift produce tables piled high with the day's garbage and empty boxes.Good food extreme high noise level. Prices were way above what you would expect for a neighborhood restaurant. I had a soup and a sandwich for $30. I think the food was innovative but the noise and tight table configurations spoiled it for me. Might try it again but at an earlier timeSo, we have loved Neuf from the start and, really, could not imagine it getting better.  Well, the simple truth is this:  it has!!  Malik, the wonderful young chef trained by Joncarl Lachman, is clearly coming into his own.  The cooking appears to be even more focused.  And, here's the thing, you probably don't notice the tagines hidden down in the lower right hand corner of the menu.  Fact is, they are core dishes of this place and they are GREAT, so great I don't know why they aren't being promoted from the rooftops!!!  I'm serious.  Go there, have a drink, have a glass of wine and then split one of the tagines.  We had the chicken tagging last night and are still talking about it today.  Go!  Now!Stopped in spontaneously for brunch, and I'm glad we did. I had the lamb sausage and date shakshuka with feta- amazing! My husband had the oyster sandwich with an endive salad- also done well. Brunch menu is limited, but there's nothing wrong with that. I'd like to try dinner here one night. Yum!Terrific and under appreciated, this place is truly a gem in the heart of the Italian Market.  On a busy Valentines weekend Sunday at other area restaurants, we were the only seated customers at this one, while across the street, Villa Di Roma was bustling.  The ambiance - clean, dim lighting with the soft background music of eclectic modern alternative.   The food - perfect shareable dishes, from the surprising shakshuka, to the hearty beef tagine.   It was a perfect date meal.  PRO TIP:  book a romantic date night at the corner VIP table for 2 by the window on BYOB Sunday.First time at Neuf restaurant me and my wife were treated like the five star restaurant it is. The Food was fabulous. The service was very professional and attentive. Our server G was very good with detail and on point with service. Highly recommend this place to anyone who enjoys good service and great foodHaving been to the preview night at restaurant Neuf, all I can say is don't walk, run!  The room is so beautiful.  The bar is spectacular.  The decor is elegant and welcoming.  And, of course, Joncarl Lachman's food is simply tremendous.  We can't wait for opening night and the opportunity to experience the entire menu.I have never been here for dinner, so can't judge on that but went here for the first time for brunch. My family and I are local to the Italian Market area, which is such a great place to discover delicious food in all its forms. However, I was pretty disappointed by Neuf ultimately. One should definitely expect more Moroccan than French, which would have been fine, but it was a mistake to order the Croque Madame. I found it very tasteless and almost impossible to eat, as it is served on a toasted baguette. The amount of cheese on it was so minimal I only tasted it in about one and a half bites. Additionally, it was very dry overall, something I would never say about even the most mediocre Croque Madames I've had in my life. However, the homefries were delicious, as was the side salad. My father really enjoyed his duck and yogurt omelette, so perhaps I just misordered. Additionally, it was my grandfather's birthday, which the waiters caught on to and treated us extra nicely, despite the restaurant being packed to the brim. The service was prompt, and they were very kind. I hope that their food improves in the future, because this is exactly the type of restaurant this neighborhood could use more of.Only ever went here for happy hour, but I'm sad to see it go, as their lamb burger, Tunisian meatballs, and shakshuka were awesome, and fantastic deals during happy hour! 
I mostly dropped in for condolences and to tell my fellow yelpers to check out the other two restaurants affiliated with the late Nuef, which are Noord and The Dutch. Great spots!After having eaten at Noord the last time I was in Philly, I was excited to check out Chef Lachman's newest restaurant. Rather than eat the typical appetizer and entree, I just stuck to small plates in order to get a taste of several items: the kusheri, the cauliflower, the fried oysters, and the prawns. Each and every dish was seriously amazing with unique flavors that were new to my palette, like a unexpected yet welcome surprise.  The service was efficient and friendly--from the busboy to the chef, himself, who visited my table to make sure all was well.  If you are looking for something fresh and innovative, definitely check out Neuf.Came here after reading all the great reviews on Yelp. It was dinner time on a Friday and while the bar was full of happy hour people, we were the only people sitting in the dining room area. Not a good sign.
We tried the SPICY BRAISED GOAT LEG, Les TAJINES,  CAULIFLOWER CHARMOULA, 
BULGUR CRUSTED FRIED OYSTERS ,STUFFED QUAIL ON HARIRA, TUNISIAN MEATBALLS "MUBATTAN BRUKLU" and a couple other dishes. 
The complementary bread and dip were great. However, the dishes above minus the oysters were all over-salted, especially the meatballs which bordered on inedible. I understand that saltiness is subjective and salty food is probably great with drinks at happy hour, but that is not the reason I'm giving Neuf 1 star. The main reason is that the food was cooked unevenly. In the same dish, the goat leg would be overcooked, while the vegetables were close to raw. Same thing with the Tajines, some parts of the same dish would be overly done, while others could use more time. This is not what I expected from a restaurant that advertises itself as inventive French/Moroccan cooking.
Lastly, our server was great, while the female manager was very rude to us and my daughter. She repeatedly told us that she was not allowed close to the window tables, even though she was just playing with her doll there and we were the only table in the entire restaurant.Came here w friends for brunch. Disappointed. 
The services was mediocre and the waitress was very unfriendly. She acted as if we owe her money or something. 
My friend's coffee cup was dirty as if it was not clean. They gave her a new one of course.
I ordered spicy braised goat leg shakshouka. It was disappointed. The eggs was not fresh because it was watery. The texture of the lamb was very tender but very gamy because there seem to be lack of spices used in the dish. I had way way better shakshouka at other places.
one of my friends got the bacon, sausage, bourbon walnut syrup. She was dissap too...her french toast was so wet bc it was soaked in too much syrup. She didnt finish it. the other friend got the fried oyster open faced baguettes....it was too salty but it came w a salad so i guess it balanced out for him.
I guess we wont be coming back here.I had been dying to try Neuf since I heard it would be opening as I am a huge fan of NOORD, Joncarl and Bob's other restaurant in South Philly. Neuf did not disappoint. It is in a great location on 9th street. Neuf has a great vibe, and you feel welcomed as soon as you walk in. The food was phenomenol. I went with a group so we tried a bunch of different things. My favorites were Jonathan's bread basket, the Chicken Tejine, and do yourself a favor and save room for desert-the milk pudding and Paris Brest were amazing! I am excited to go back and even just sit at the bar for a drink and some apps, it's just a really cool spot!Finally coming out of winter hibernation and decided to give Neuf a try, and the only thing I regret is not coming out earlier to check this place out.
We grabbed a few seats at the bar and the bartender (one of the most pleasant and knowledgeable bartenders in the city) walked us through the menu and the happy hour specials.  
I had to go for the mutton burger - it was the juiciest burger and most flavorful I've had in years (it blows village whiskey's and vintage's burgers out of the water). While waiting for our meal, complimentary bread along with olives and a fresh pesto sauce  was served and everything was fresh and light.
My original plan of walking in and thinking I would have a glass of wine and a snack before heading home turned into a gastro feast in a beautifully decorated and atmospheric restaurant with a great music play list.  Neuf will definitely be a regular spot to unwind after a long day at work.
Thanks for a great meal and exceptional service.Just came from a terrific meal. If you like fish you have to try the bouillabaisse which was wonderful and a huge serving. It included large servings of perch, shrimp, mussels and a great broth. The fried oysters where light, juicy & crispy . And the soft shell crabs are in season now too. My husband had the meatballs which were cooked perfectly. 
And the service is excellent too- our chef G worked at Le Bec Fin and was experienced, efficient and friendly. This is the second time we've been here & will be returning.Had an awesome brunch here. The French toast was to die for. I would write a lot more about the good and the bad but..... we had brunch at two and found the restaurant was closing that day- may 1st. Too badWalking down the sleepy dark streets of the Italian Market at night makes finding Restaurant Neuf all the more rewarding. The lovely, simple exterior and large wooden windows lead into the warm and glowing interior, and suddenly you are transported to an outer arrondissement on a side street in Paris. The French/North African menu combines the flavors of each culture in unique and authentic renditions, made with exceptional care and with well-sourced ingredients. The fried oysters made with barley are the best I've ever tasted (and I'm from Maryland!). The slow roasted tagines with chicken or lamb, with root vegetables and cous cous (served in authentic earthenware pots) were exceptional. The cocktail and wine lists are well-priced and have some interesting options (white wine from Lebanon!). As for dessert the  Paris-Brest is not to be missed! This is all we could try in one visit but we will be back, soon and often!Well played, Neuf. 9'th street needs exactly what this French/Moroccan joint offers. Casual but classy, not too pricey, with a good bar. Loved all the apps I tried, and in particular the fried oysters. I'm not into writing deep, long reviews... this is a restaurant where you'll long remember the flavors you encounter, and to me that's what makes dining out worthwhile.Looking for a brunch spot in Philly, I read about Restaurant Neuf and instantly decided this is what I wanted ! I love cooking with cast iron skillet and shakshuka would be my first choice!
We got there at exactly 11am and were very well taken care of as the guys shared their specials...I ordered the lamb & date shakshuka while my hubby ordered tagine of the day (beef). Good portions and very satisfying - I have to have all colors on my table so we also got the Moroccan salad - perfect blend of greens, fresh orange, pickled onion, and pistachios :) We were both happy!
The Shakshuka was a great harmony of fresh tomatoes, lamb sausage, olives, and just the right amount of dates sizzling in that skillet -- Nice crusty bread on the side as well. 
Beef tagine cooked beautifully with couscous and not too overpowering with spices - just right with our mimosas! 
Awesome start to our weekend.
Thanks guys!Three friends and I tried Neuf this evening and sadly were very disappointed. The service was very poor. Our server (G?) was confrontational, amateur, rude, and inattentive. 
The restaurant presented as a BYOB and seems better suited to be one. The food was fine, but not stellar and for the quality, ambiance, and service was definitely over-priced. 
There are so many great restaurants in Philadelphia that would garner a better experience for your money and time than Restaurant Neuf. I hope that they work out their kinks to be the restaurant that we hoped they were...
Ps There was a female server this evening that was very helpful and a happy spot in the experience.An amazing addition to South Philly from the gang at Noord.  The North African, French inspired menu is truly innovative and utterly delicious.  I will need to visit many more times in order to fully explore the menu.  The braised goat leg and shakshuka were hits from my first visit. Can't wait to go back.I came here for a friend's going away party on a Friday night. Our table was ready when we arrived, the server was friendly and attentive, the food was excellent and my cocktail was delicious. After we finished eating, our server didn't rush us at all, gave us the check but said we were welcome to stay as long as we liked. We ended up talking and not leaving for about an hour after we finished eating (there were other empty tables so we weren't preventing others from being seated) and servers continued to bring us water and were friendly. Nice relaxed atmosphere.We enjoyed their brunch today! Sat at the bar, greeted by smiles, great food, good pour and this is a neighbor gem. The atmosphere was friendly, warm and the menu was a delicious twist to brunch. Definitely, will enjoy againGreat food and service every time I'm there. Plus it's in the heart of great food shopping.I don't think we even got through the complimentary bread and pesto before declaring we'd be back to Neuf again. And as soon as possible.
The food here is freaking sublime. The flavors are so intricate, and laced with textures and tastes from dried fruit, nuts, cinnamon, and other ingredients that aren't often or easily found in meat and fish platters, but are such a special treat when concocted so perfectly. I seriously wanted to bottle up both the pesto and the pistachio sauce from the swordfish entree.
Ordered + highly reco:
- Shakshuka (appetizer)
- Lamb wrapped in phylo (appetizer, a special)
- Grilled Swordfish (entree)
- Braised Goat Leg (entree)
Finally, and perhaps most memorably, was our waiter. Turns out he is the owner but was filling in for a waiter who was off for the evening. I wish we got his name, but he could not have been more welcoming, accommodating, and enthusiastic. Plus, the fact that he owns the place and was so down with wearing many hats that night is very cool. Respect.
Trying to make Neuf a regular place, and have already told friends + fam of our experience from just last night. Goooo!Being a huge fan of Noord, I was super excited to hear Lachman was bringing another lesser-known cuisine to Philadelphia. Even after reading the menu, best described as French-African fusion, we weren't sure what to expect, but whatever expectations we did have were easily met - and exceeded. 
For starters, we had the bulgur-encrusted fried oysters. The bulgur made for an interesting, lighter texture and the tartar sauce complimented the dish well (though we didn't detect any preserved lemon flavor). Our other choice, the eggplant and white anchovy, was our least favorite of the evening - served as stewed vegetables and anchovies atop salad greens, it seemed to be suffering a bit of an identity crisis.
The entrées were superb. We ordered the red snapper special ($56 for 2) and the squab atop bissara. The snapper stole the show - it came out in a large tagine and when our server removed the lid, the sweet aroma of the spices rose with the steam. Then we saw the fish itself - massive, atop spiced zucchini, summer squash, and white beans. Then it did the impossible and tasted even better than it looked/smelled. The squab was excellent as well - tender and flavorful, well-complimented by the quince preserve and the spiced white bean mash.
For dessert, we shared the pear-rosewater flaugnarde. Definitely on the sweeter side, but a really lovely combination of traditional French dessert technique with distinctly Mediterranean flavors. Unfortunately, they ran out of the tarte tatin and orange-blossom milk pudding, which was surprising considering we had a 5:45p seating. (Side note: they also don't serve post-dinner coffee.)
Our server was attentive and sweet, attempting to fix our rocking table and promptly taking our order. Wine service was like what you'd find in a BYOB - after the bottle of wine arrives at the table, its self-service. Our only real gripe is that we asked for the remainder of our (enormous) snapper to be boxed, and the guy only boxed the fish head and the vegetables...and threw out all the fish. Oh well.
It's hard to believe this place just opened - it's already operating on such a high level, delivering unique combinations of flavor and texture in their dishes, and with very few service hiccups. Restaurant Neuf is a wonderful and deservedly well-received restaurant that truly adds something to the Philly food scene.Awesome time tonight at Neuf in the Italian Market. Owned by the same folks who run the fabulous Noord along Passyunk ave, expectations were set pretty high. For me, 4 1/2 stars is a pretty high score. Neuf earned every one. Here's the scoop.  
My partner and I went for a Wednesday evening birthday celebration. Fairly quiet on this night (so if you're concerned about what could easily be a noisy space if full, choose Wednesday). We got a great table in the window alcove, allowing for a view of the lovely restaurant space, and of the gritty and one-of-a-kind Italian Market. 
As soon as we were seated our server brought semolina bread with pesto and olives. If you've ever been to Noord, you know these folks do bread really well, and this bread was consistent with that high standard. Light in texture, and gently toasted over an open flame, the bread paired perfectly with the salty and rich pesto and olives.
Choosing salads and entrees was a challenge. There's quite a bit from which to choose. Lots of salads and small plate apps, and a heavier entree menu including fish, lamb, chicken, beef, and vegetarian options. My partner and I settled on two salads - the Fennel Three Ways and Cauliflower Charmoula 'Sfax'. For entrees we went for the Bouillabaisse and the Roasted Veggie Tajine. Details below.
Fennel Three Ways: Tasty and fresh fennel - some roasted and some raw - together with cashews and small bits of a deep orange-colored grapefruit served alongside mixed greens proved to be an incredibly interesting salad. Bigger than expected, this could have been a starter salad to share for two. I really liked the textures that blended in this salad - crunchy nuts, sweet grapefruit and the distinct flavor of the fennel paired nicely. The fact that the fennel was prepared three ways, and the three were mixed, left a surprise on every forkful. 
Cauliflower Charmoula: My partner doesn't especially like cauliflower, so the fact that he called this out as his favorite of the two salads speaks volumes. Far simpler than the Fennel, the lightly charred flavor and al dente texture of the roasted cauliflower florets made for a hearty salad perfect for a cold night. The salad comes served in a small rectangular pan with roasted grapes at the bottom, leaving a hint of sweetness as a treat at the end. 
Bouillabaisse: A massive stoneware bowl with the fish du jour, large pieces of monkfish, whole shrimp, littleneck clams and large mussels in a rich and buttery broth with a handful of spinach leaves. This dinner left nothing to be desired. I'd gone in expecting to have the monkfish entree, but the server steered me toward the bouillabaisse and it was a great call. For $3 more than the monkfish alone, tonight's bouillabaisse featured a whole perch. The perch was flash fried, for a crispy outside and tender inside. Whole fish - head, tail, bones and all - isn't for everyone. But if you like fish this is really something to behold. Note, there's no eating this one cleanly - fingers are required to pick apart a whole fish if you're going to eat all the tasty bits. But go ahead and get messy. The monkfish had a texture not unlike lobster, but a decidedly lighter flavor that paired well with the shellfish. There were a couple of mussels that hadn't opened. These should have been removed in the kitchen before the dish came out. Otherwise, it really was perfect. 
Roasted Veggie Tajine: My partner enjoyed this entree - a colorful mix of root and cruciferous vegetables served in an actual tajine (though not prepared in the tajine). To me it was a bit bland and could have stood more spice, but he thought the seasoning was perfect. Either way, it made for a healthy juxtaposition against the rich bouillabaisse. Beets, cauliflower, carrots and other veggies served over couscous. The balance of couscous to veggies was a bit off- could have used a bit more couscous. Overall, good.   
Wines: We each had a cabernet. Mine was the cab "on draft." It was good, though a hair lighter than most great cabs and not as complex a flavor profile. The bottled cabernet my partner had was perfect. A touch of sweetness, hints of fruit and a deep red color made this wine worth the extra $2 per glass. 
Dessert: We shared the orange pudding. Awesome end to a great meal. Not too heavy, but still rich and sweet - with candied bits of orange on top for texture and added sweetness. I'd go back just for that. 
Service: The service was awesome. Friendly, informative and attentive, the server and his helper were seemingly always there when we needed them. But not in any way intrusive. It's tough to get this right, and they did. 
Prices: Everything seemed right, with the possible exception of the Veggie Tajine. Vegetables over couscous should never be north of $20, no matter how incredible. Total bill for two was $115 plus tip. A little high for the neighborhood, but objectively about right for all we had - especially with quality and service this good. Enjoy Neuf!Such good food! This place is an undiscovered gem! We go there frequently, and always love our dinners. The cuisine is French/Moroccan, very interesting but very approachable. I almost always get the swordfish: it is grilled and served over the most delicious white bean concoction. I've also had the vegetable tagine, which is also great. There have great service, very friendly and professional, and it is a lovely space right in the heart of the Italian MarketThey have a nice, reasonable wine list & a complete bar. We've not yet taken advantage of their happy hour, but it runs until 7:00 and offers great deals if you sit at the bar. I cannot recommend this place highly enough! We have the luxury of living within walking distance of many top tier restaurants, and Neuf is on our short list.This place is an absolute gem.  Tons of ambience, the best of what a restaurant on 9th street can be.  I sat at the bar and had the baked monkfish.  The bartender Sean was friendly and hospitable.  The portions were large and obviously put together thoughtfully and with creativity.  Sean recommended a great wine pairing.  All around terrific.I found this place on the best brunch list in Philadelphia magazine. Boy were they right!
My siblings all ordered variations of the shakshuka and I had the fried oyster open faced sandwich. Everything was fresh and so so flavorful. Once our plates came out, we stopped talking...it was that good.
The service was excellent as well-- the waitstaff was kind and attentive. We never had to ask for a refill or felt rushed.
Overall, restaurant neuf is a gem of a place situated in the bustling Italian market.What a find!!!  This little gem tucked into the Italian Market is by far the best restaurant in the area!! Innovative, affordable dishes highlight the menu, as well as creative desserts.  Unique flavors tantalize your palate with ingredients that you would never guess....I had a swordfish dish that is out of this world, with a fava bean sauce made with garlic, tomatoes and pulverized pistachios!!  We could not for the life of us, figure out what we were eating.  But lo and behold, this is what Chef John is famous for- his combinations of phenomenal flavors that somehow work, and work amazingly well, to make your meal memorable.  And I can not say enough about the simple salad verte- with the cleanest, most delicious simple dressing ever. 
I could have eaten two more salads, they were so delicious!  My friends had the squab and beef stew. Although delicious, the beef stew needed some variety- we wished there were pearl onions, tomatoes and maybe a little potatoes here and there, but nonetheless, it still was a huge serving of tender meat that fell apart when you cut it, all flavored in a rich garlic brown sauce.
The lighting is just right, the beautiful accent red wall is romantic and welcoming, and the rear central bar is a perfect place to not only hang out, but enjoy a quick meal.  Our group of four  were in awe of the whole place. Service is spot on- our waiter "G" was excellent, the food extraordinary, and the setting just lovely.  In what was once a gift shop years ago, it has been transformed to a busy hub of foodies who love a great restaurant "to be and be seen".  It was so busy and festive that I had to often yell across the table to be heard, so maybe a little less volume on the music will let the customers have a decent conversation and stay connected instead of yelling over the loud music as well.  The high ceilings add to this dilemma, but I do believe a little volume control on music would help a lot.
The bartender Jessie went out of his way to bring us 7 different choices of after dinner cognacs and chartreuse apertifs to enjoy, and our guests had a blast deciding on what to treat themselves to.  This is service above and beyond the call, and details like this is what set one restaurant experience apart from others.  John the chef, wanders as well from table to table, commenting and answering questions, which is a true delight to see that hands on participation.  It is always good to meet the face behind the food, and he loves to be in his dining room, talking about the great dishes his partner and cooks have prepared.
Bravo to Neuf, the team, the chefs and to those who made it possible for having the vision to bring such a great restaurant to the Italian Market- one that will be responsible for a total renaissance of this neighborhood someday.  We wish them all the best, and congratulations for a job well done, from A-Z.  Bravo to all!  We will be back!!I must say I clearly enjoyed my meal here at Neuf. Neuf, what can I try to say that will not sound too  repetitious?  We came in (myself and 2 others) that evening not knowing what to expect from this somewhat newly opened establishment. It is good to see something new in this area, that has a  cozy atmosphere to it. Nothing big or fancy, no bright lights  needed here.  What Neuf has is a relaxed feel to it, an ambiance where one can just come in and enjoy the evening. Plus they have great dishes  where you along with your taste buds could get lost in.   
What we enjoyed that evening were the fried oysters. This is an appetizer that needs to be ordered. Simply put, these morsels were amazing with a salt and pepper crust to it . It is also served with a side salad along with their tartar .  A must order, this needs to find its way to your table. We also ordered prawns which were also delightful, but the clear winner in the appetizer realm were the fried oysters.
My main course I went with, and mind you this was not an easy decision with all these mouthwatering options. I had chosen to go with the Duck Leg Confit as my main course. I love the way these main courses are served to the patron. It comes in your own personal pot or serving dish. With everything they add to your meal, I could see why it is served in this manner. The duck was so tender that it literally fell off the bone, it would simply melt in your mouth. Neuf serves you this delicious entree over a bed of white beans with a fennel sausage added to the mix. What also enhances the flavors is the braised pork with the turnips also added to this masterpiece. 
I never tasted something so delicious, so enticing , with every bite it was an explosion of flavors. I must say this mixture of flavors, adding a glass of red wine to this meal, is a perfect compliment  for this exceptional  meal. 
After enduring such a fantastic meal, we decided to split dessert. At first we were all saying no, but  with a great recommendation by our server who likes to be called "G" he made this sorbet pop. A great salesmen by the way, who had us saying "No" to "Hell Yea" in a matter of 3 to 5 little words. Bacon Apple Sorbet with Candied Bacon.  I know right, as if our night couldn't get any better, Neuf had to send in its closer on us.  An amazing sorbet over a shortbread cookie that was kept nice and neat by the 2 pieces of bacon laying over top. I was trying my best not to do a shimmy here and there , but damn was that good. 
Go in and enjoy this "Gem" located on 9th St. I know I will be back again to see how else they can amaze me.Wow, what a cute place! We got the zucchini, spinach shakshuka and the croque madame for brunch. The food came out quickly and we were lucky enough to sit by the window (which was open) and we were right there, almost on the street. The shakshuka was spicy and had a very liquid consistency (some of the other ones I've had were thicker, which I preferred). My friend's croque madame was absolutely delicious though. Definitely worth a shot!Wow.   Sitting just a few a steps  from the carts of the Italian Market there is a gem.  One would say - really right there?    Like walking into a french bistro / lounge.   What a warm and inviting vibe.  Crowded yet not noisy. Comfy and subtle. Now for the food. Joncarl once again let's his imagination take over and we are the lucky ones to benefit. Starters- fried oysters yummy - the kasheri Egyptian street food was out of this world and I am not a lover of lentils.   Main courses,  the lamb and chicken served with couscous in authentic tangines was over the top, incredibly delicious and filled with flavor and spices.   His portions as with Noord match his huge and loving personality.  Last but certainly not least are all the extras. An incredible staff that treats you like their friend.  Now for the art. Partner Bob Moysan once again has brought his creativity to life. He has added yet another layer to this wonderful experience.Such outstanding food.  I love the Tunisian Meatballs and the goat cheese was so oozy and delicious, along with the cauliflower, it was a great pairing! I could swim in that sauce for days. 
We had the spicy goat tagine, but the meatball and sauce and goat cheese blew us away. The tagine was also a great choice although he couscous lacked a bit flavor or salt; however that was why you just swirled in the tagine sauce. 
The bread was amazing! We need more of that bread! My husband wanted to buy a whole loaf of it :)
I had the fried oysters and that was (to me) especially delicious, delicately fried, with a delicious shmear. My husband started with the lamb and feta shakshuka. That packed a flavor punch. 
And last but not least. For dessert we got the chocolate bark. It was the perfect ending. 
So excited for the leftovers too :)
This Restaurant group, along with Noord and The Dutch is, to quote my husband - by far my favorite in Philly. And there are some great chefs out here!What an experience!. Fantastic food along with a beautiful setting. Great bar. Wonderful staff. A definite go to place.  Joncarl Lachman has done it again in a very special way. Run don't walk to Neuf!Came for brunch and it was delicious! I can't wait to come back and try their dinner menu. The food was very good and great service.Arrived early for an 845 reservation, was seated late, and still can't think of enough reasons to give them anything less than top score...
Our party of 3 arrived early and enjoyed a good conversation with the bartender and a great drink.  I ordered the Dirty Picholine and found it wasn't quite as dirty as I'd like.  No worries, rather than try a potential fix, the bartender made me a new one to my liking.  As for the delay in our table, it happens. Better yet, Neuf sent us a few Fried Oysters while we waited.
Once we were seated, probably only 10-15 minutes after our reservation, we prepared for the fest.  More fried oysters were a must as they had a perfect light coat that sealed in the brine.  We also shared the prawns - fighting over the last one (and even the veggies)!  
Two of us got the bouillabaisse while the 3rd got the duck leg confit.  I had a sample of the duck and enjoyed, however, my fest was the bouillabaisse.  I'm not typically into whole fish, but I made a wise exception here.  The pot came out full of other wonders I won't try to describe them all (see the picture).  I couldn't finish it all, but that didn't stop me from trying. I think it is a must get.
We were stuffed, but then heard dessert.  Bacon-apple sherbet you say?  Damn!  It was certainly the note to end on.Read the Zagat review earlier in the day just before i got out of work.  After work i called up my husband and told him to get his butt home because i made a reservation on opentable, and let's go on opening night!  
He's from the Netherlands and obviously Noord is one of his favorite comfort home-country treats, so we were excited when we heard about this restaurant in the works. 
Of course opening night always has some kinks to work out.  Like when we sat at the bar for an hour until the bartender told us that he never got our order from the computer into the kitchen.  So it was about another 45 minutes.  Kinda wished we had a drink offered at least...  We were starving now after looking at everyone else's meals coming out for the last 1:45 hour.
Also on Zagat they talked about 2 happy hours: 5-7pm and 10-12am, with snacks and drink specials.  When i mentioned this to a few staff, they were all confused, even though i referenced the Zagat review that i'm sure they had all been alerted they were headlined by that night.  The bartender told me he wasn't ready to develop happy hour specials yet, but gave me  $1 off my martini. Again, after he let us know our food order never made it to the kitchen after 1 hour, you would think he would have asked to refresh my drink....
Drinks were excellent by the way.  But no food specials were offered even though we were told someone was going to come by to let me know... In the time we waited there was no mention... 
The food was amazing - it doesn't matter what you choose, so we will definitely be coming back for dinner to try more menu items.  Hopefully all these glitches and misinformation have been taken care of.Neuf is here and it has brought new life to a previously poorly utilized space in the italian market.  The feel is playful and the food delivers as I expected it would.  I hope they are here to stay.
We arrived slightly early for out 8:45 reservation and decided to log some time at the bar.  I opened with a George Burns, a lovely smokey and whiskey concoction served in a martini glass that was a perfect aperitif.  When it appeared that our wait was going to be a bit longer than the restaurant had originally anticipated, the kitchen sent out some fried oysters.
I don't normally think to order fried oysters when I see them on a menu.  Up to this point in my eating career I had just written them off as crispy overcooked versions of their raw cousins which I usually prefer.  Neuf changed my mind on this one.  
What I love so much about fresh shucked oysters are the brine.  Somehow, through science, dark magic or maybe a combination of the two they managed to create an items that combines the crispy fried texture on the outside with the wonderful, unadulterated brine on the inside.  My first bite into one of these made me immediately think of soup dumplings from the raw amount of liquid contained therein and the overwhelmingly delicious character of these.  We were so impressed that 3 more orders followed.  We also had an order of the prawns which were certainly cooked well and tasted wonderful.  Unfortunately, they just didn't stand a chance in my mind against those oysters.
For my main, I went with the bouillabaisse.  Pro-tip: if you plan on ordering this item, come hungry.  Very hungry.  The casserole I received had prawns, clams and was topped with an entire fish (I don't remember the variety)  It was so perfectly cooked that the lightest fleck of a spoon dislodged the head and tail.  I was able to remove the bones, break the fish up into chunks and mix it around in the incredibly delicious broth.  The 3 pieces of bread and grainy mustard while delicious weren't enough for me so I had to steal from a friend at the table in order to continue dipping.  Desperate times call for desperate measures.
We finished our hefty meal with Bacon Apple sherbet which was piled on top of a piece of shortbread?  Of course there were two pieces of bacon a top this dessert and no it wasn't too over the top.
I was impressed with Neuf and very glad that I got to eat here.  I cannot wait to return to taste more of the items coming from that kitchen.My eager anticipation of dining at Neuf hit all the tick marks in terms of drinks, food, service and ambiance.  
We stepped in and were promptly seated and attended to excellently all night by "G".
The bread for the table was amazing - like a Morroccan version of Texas Toast soaked in a parsley-herbed olive oil studded with whole olives.
We started with cocktails and had two of the signatures: The Saz-Arak, a brilliant take on the Sazerac with rye, bitters and Lebanese arak and the Pardon My French which was equally sublime.
Appetizers of the Fennel 3 Ways: (roasted, confit & vinaigrette) grapefruit, cashews, frisee; Bulgur Crusted Fried Oysters: Preserved lemon tartar sauce, herb salad and the Shakshuka: Poached eggs, tomato, chilies, garlic, feta went perfectly with our libations and were lip-smacking, finger-licking delectable.
For entrées, two of us chose the Bouillabaise du Jour: which had mussels, clams, shrimp, fish and a scattering of baby spinach in a perfectly seasoned saffron broth, with an amazing rouille and grilled baguette.  The other two diners chose the Spicy Braised Goat Leg: tender, succulent goat meat with sweet potatoes, dried apricots, roasted vegetables, crushed mixed nuts in a tomato broth served over rice.  Again, we were tasting each other' entrées and commencing with the lip-smacking and finger-licking.  Everything was delicious, the portions were generous and all was served hot and fresh.
Finally desserts.  We chose the Paris-Brest, the Dark Chocolate Cake with Salted Caramel and the whole candied orange with a pot of French Café Presse.  We all had our respective favorites (mine was the Paris-Brest, I could eat a Baker's dozen of them!) but all agreed that everything delicious - in fact, we all agreed that everything we had from cocktails to dessert was 5 star worthy - which, if you know us; is as rare as a Strawberry Moon.  
So take a step off the streets of Philadelphia and step into a wonderful interpretation of an amazing bistro in the "Red City" of Marrakesh by Chef Joncarl Lachman.  You'll enjoy the heady escape, I guarantee you and as the Moroccans say: "Meni techba3 lkerch tkoul l'ras treni" which means,  "When the stomach gets full it tells the head to sing".  
You will leave Neuf with your head in full song.They just started weekend brunch and it is destined to be among the best in Philadelphia. Several of their fabulous dinner specialties find a new life in their brunch egg dishes plus many others.This review is a tad belated, but I still wanted to swing by Neuf's Yelp page and tell y'all about the amazing brunch I had late last year. First off, the Bloody Marys are the jam. They feature a nice, smokey flavor and spices that give them a Moroccan flair. I shared the endive salad, which curiously seemed to lack endive, but was nonetheless very tasty. The blue cheese crumbles were perfection. 
Shakshuka. This is one of my favorite dishes and I love that they have several different options to try. I kept it simple and went with the traditional, which was great. I told myself I wouldn't eat the bread, but it looked too delicious to pass up. I showed restraint by leaving one small bite behind. My husband's ratatouille omelet was absolutely incredible - quite possibly delicious enough to choose over the shakshuka next time! 
The chef surprised us with the Paris brest for dessert, piled high with rose-scented whipped cream, candied cherries and shaved almonds. I took a bite or two, but I was pretty stuffed from brunch already and don't have much of a sweet tooth except for rare occasions. If you love dessert you should definitely try it! 
I'm dying to go back for dinner and may even make it an official New Year's resolution to do so.- TIP:  Be ready to drink, because they make a solid cocktail.  Disregard the lackluster Philly Mag review that came out when this place first opened.  I regret reading it and subsequently waiting until just now to finally try Neuf.
- CON: Got an croque madame but our knives were too dull to get through the crusty (in a good way) bread.  At least it was an excuse to use my hands.
- BOTTOM LINE: Right around the corner from Sabrina's -- skip the crazy lines and come here for a much more refined and balanced brunch with unique flavors.  Will be back from Happy Hour & Dinner in the near future.I had original plans to eat at Sabrina's cafe for brunch, however, the wait was an hour long so my boyfriend and I decided to walk around the Italian market and we spotted this and decided to give it a try. 
The atmosphere feels very welcoming. There was a guy playing the flute by the bar, which was pretty entertaining. I'm not familiar with french/morrocan food so I went on yelp to look at pictures, which helped a lot. We ordered a coffee for two and the coffee tasted different from the others that I've tried - still really delicious! I got the zucchini, mint shakshukas and my boyfriend got the special for that day, which was couscous, pork, bacon and lamb sausages (I believe)
My dish was bursting with flavors from the tomato sauce. The eggs were also runny so it added that extra creamy factor. It also had a bit of spice to it so all in all, it paired really well with the bread and I was satisfied with my dish. 
My boyfriends dish however was okay. The pork/sausage was pretty plain and the bacons were all dark and burnt. Couscous was bland as well. Was not a huge fan of my boyfriends dish and he thought the same. 
Before we left, we noticed someone walking around with a sauté pan, roasting some sort of cinnamon so the whole room was scented and it smelled so good! Something different that I have never seen before.Best service! Over the top friendly staff, never hovering, always attentive. We went for dinner. The food was amazing! We shared the spicy braised goat leg shakshuka to start, Caitlin had the Tunisian Meatballs with cauliflower and goat cheese, I had the Duck and savory bread pudding special. The service was over the top friendly and we can't wait to bring out of town guests to Restaurant Neuf!! We arrived 45 minutes early for our reservation so we could enjoy a drink at the bar. My sazerac was delightful and Caitlin's red wine was nice and dry. We were seated before our reservation time.  I remember restaurants opening and closing in this location and I'm glad to see a great establishment take a foothold in this beautiful space.  The location of the Italian Market sounds inconvenient, but the market closes around noon or 1pm. We were able to find a parking spot about a block away.Cute atmosphere and friendly service. The cocktails were great, and the bread was fantastic. I started off with the prawns en papillotte. They were tender, though flavor is on the lighter side. The bouillabaisse was on fleek. Fragrant broth, and nothing was overcooked. Heard great things about the tajine.
Neuf is a great choice for something outside the usual. Excited to try more of the menu!Fabulous! We're big fans of Chef/owner Joncarl's NOORD so we dined at Neuf tonight with high hopes. We were not dissapointed! The vintage Citroën out front clued us in that already we were in for a unique experience and once we walked in the door we were warmly greeted and felt welcome. The food was quite exceptional - my husband and I each ordered something off that night's specials menu - the chick pea/lentils in phyllo dough was perfection and my husband raved about the Pork dish he ordered. Service was spot on - our water  glasses were always full and we never felt ignored (sadly a problem we've encountered often)! Desserts were sublime - order the poached orange! Over all this was a great experience and we look forward to our next dinner at Neuf!Outstanding situation at this restaurant!  My fiance and I decided we wanted to treat ourselves to something a little extra one weekend since I did not have to worry about being at work.  After researching former Yelp reviews this place was a sure winner.  Absolutely no regrets dining at this establishment.
Must haves while dining:
-Spicy Braised Goat Leg Shakshukas
-Tunisian Meatballs
-Duck with savory bread pudding (special)
We started with the spicy braised goat leg shakshuka as a suggestion from our servers.  Not disappointed with their choice.  Everything about that dish was cooked to perfection and had excellent flavorings.  My main dish was the Tunisian meatballs and I loved every part of it.  The duck entree was a special, but if they always cook duck that well than any duck dish is a must have.  
They do not have a huge bar but it is big enough to have a full selection of cocktails, wines, and beers.  They serve different types of beers from other countries.  The bartender made an excellent cocktail for my fiance.  It was a small portion for an expensive price, but there was definitely a good amount of alcohol in the beverage.  
We arrived early for our reservation so we hung out at the bar until it was our turn.  As soon as our reservation slot popped up we were seated promptly.  I would definitely recommend making a reservation on a Friday/Saturday night.  If we wanted to we could have dumped our reservation and had our full meal at the bar, but we wanted to sit at a table anyway.  The servers were great and you can tell they enjoy what they are doing there.  It is pricy but worth it when you look at quality of the food and the quantity served.  I am already planning on when we can go to try out their brunch menu!!!