Strange thing about this place.... First time I went had the house made pickled vegetables to start along with the the friend chicken...awesome meal.  Would have been 5 star rating.  We have been back 4 times since - all since the fried chicken has been taken off the menu much to my GFs disappointment.  Why take the signature dish away?  The meals have been very good - especially the lamb Ragu sandwich and the lamb burger.  Fries are amazing.  The strange part is 2 of the 4 times we have been back we ordered the pickled vegetables again and they never brought them to us.  The first time we mentioned it when our entrees were being delivered- severed apologized and offered to bring them out, but at that point we didn't want them.  The second time this happened we didn't even mention it because I was so annoyed I didn't want the apology from the server.  Its one of the best things on the menu, why don't they want me to have them.
Food is above average for sure and the beer selection is awesome. I want to love this place because I just moved across the street but it's the little details that make me love a place and Resurrection keeps missing them.We came here for the opening night a few weeks ago, and actually visited again this past weekend. They have great drafts on tap. It is a little off the beaten path, but not too much so that I wouldn't go there. I was slightly turned off and kind of amused the first night when I was told they don't usually do beer samples. In fact I think thats secretly why we went there this weekend. I definitely love beer and have no problems asking for a sample. I guess I can see the point that you don't get to taste other things on the menu, but it has become such a standard to me that I was definitely annoyed. The bartender was friendly, and I liked the crowd so I'll probably be back.I was in here a week ago and I hate to say it, but I don't think I'll be back.  Don't get me wrong, the food was great and my server was pretty awesome too. But I was completely turned off by the part where I could hear what I'm assuming was a manager REAM OUT what I'm assuming was an employee from what I'm assuming was the kitchen. Even if that employee deserved a good scolding, you seriously do not need to make that any of my business while I'm trying to enjoy my dinner.  I made sure my dissappointment wasn't reflected in the tip, but I dont want to experience anything like that again. I wasn't even going to post this, but the time I just spent here in this northern liberties bar was so much better in comparison that I now feel obligated to write this. Sorry Resurrection, maybe I'll be back when you get a new manager..Pleasantly surprised. Love the atmosphere. Fried chicken was delicious, wings were tender but meh on crisp and flavor. Will go again.This place can best be described as 'Not for me'.  
I went here to meet some friends the other night.  I walked in and was instantly annoyed by a draft list with 0 explanation of what the beers are (i.e.- Matilda).  I was hoping to sit down and get a menu with some sort of explanation (i.e. Matilda, a hoppy ale with undertones of bla bla bla), but no such luck.  You're banking on someone you've never met before to learn your taste in beer, and recommend something you'd like.  Portentous.  I'd like to make my own decisions and not use my waiter as a crutch.  If I need their help, I'd ask for it, but I'd like the tools to order my own beer!
I generally like wheat beers and porters... nothing too hoppy.  The wheat beer and the porter kegs just kicked, so I was recommended a stout with the ABV% of water in Ireland.  If I'm drinking, I'd like to work towards a buzz, so 3.5%?  Not going to relieve the stress of the day.  I went for the next thing the waiter recommended, not because it sounded good, but because I was wasting an awful lot of his time.  It was drinkable, but I wouldn't seek it out again.
The decor was warm, and homie, and welcoming.  I liked that there were tables, but also ample standing space.  You didn't feel like you were crammed into the establishment.
I took a look at the menu, and as a vegetarian, I panicked.  Very few options.  I wish this place would take a stab at making a home made veggieburger, or a seitan sandwich, or even veggie chili.  If they want to work on their mass appeal, a hummus/veggie/olive kinda thing would be a great addition to the menu too.  Or even some good baked mac and cheese!  I was in the mood for a sandwich, but my only choice was a pear and goat cheese sandwich.  I'm not a big 'sweet and savory' fan, but i was prepared to order this more by default than out of desire.  They had an entree that involved some sort of pasta, but for $17, I just wasn't in the mood for that kind of night.  
We ended up getting our signals crossed and our friends weren't planning on meeting us until the next night.  My boyfriend (a meat eater) was also annoyed by the aura of the place, so we moved it along and got dinner somewhere else.
It's a perfectly nice place, and the staff is helpful.  It just rubbed me the wrong way.This is the story of getting tipsy on two drinks. 
After work a group of six of us headed to Resurrection Ale House for dinner and happy hour drinks. The server did an awesome job of describing the Dogfish Head Red and White, and since it was $3 at happy hour I went for two. This is one of the best new beers I've tried lately, that's for sure. 
I ordered the burger with cheese medium well, and it came out pretty pink. This isn't an issue because I don't mind a little pink, but it wasn't the juciest or most delicious burger I've ever had either. The fries and the dipping sauce were both tasty, but then again I don't bad mouth french fries very often. 
So, to continue the story, I arrived home after dinner and finally admitted to myself, "Wow, I'm pretty tipsy for two beers." A little research later (ok, I googled it) and I found out the Red and White has a 10% ABV. So I got one of Dogfish Head's "occasional rarity" beers--a 10% at that!--for $3. I'm still feeling lucky.
That wonderful beer plus the fact that their happy hour lasts until 7pm instead of 6pm (nice for the after-work drinker) makes me really want to go back, mediocre burger or no. The octopus looked delicious and one bite of a friend's fried chicken confirmed that it was delicious, so I'm anxious to order better next time.Local rags and mags have blessed this corner bar/restaurant with thumbs up and goodwill. Bon Appetit gave their fried chicken a national nod. Yelpers as you can see are fans for the most part. Me? I fall right in line. Why should you give Resurrection your $? They sport beer lists to brag about, and a menu that connects gourmet to pub grub with seasonal tweaks. It's just straight up solid.Best damn fried chicken in Philly!!! That's my word! And the bartenders know their ish.For whatever reason I rarely go south of South St. However after trying out Resurrection Ale House for the first time, I'm going to try and correct that now very obvious mistake.
The bf and I went one Saturday evening with another couple for dinner, and though we arrived around 6:30pm we had to wait for a table. Luckily, the bar provided us with four seats and four beverages - very delicious, microbrew beverages to be precise (and a diet coke for the non-drinker). The tiny interior was full but we didn't have to wait long for a table to get cleared - however that probably wasn't the case for the crowd of people who arrived immediately after us.
Our friends have dined here before so they could suggest dishes (and my Yelp research gave me similar insight to the menu). I tried to convince my bf to try the fried chicken (knowing how amazing its supposed to be) but the lamb meatball sandwich called to both him and one of our friends. I got the fennel and green bean salad with apples, radish and mustard vinaigrette, our other friend ordered the calamari spaghettini, and we all shared the collard greens and assorted pickles. 
Those collard greens were slow-cooked perfection and the pickles were the vinegar equivalent of pop rocks in my mouth. Who knew that pickled grapes could taste so freaking fantastic?! You can pickle anything! My salad was quite tasty, although a little too liberal with the dressing, my taste buds felt a little numb by the end. Apparently the spaghettini dish is the one to order since it disappeared within a few seconds, and the lamb meatballs kept producing sounds of approval from full mouths that it bordered on awkward - in a good way. Too full for dessert (sadly), we just got the check and BAM! Second best moment of the night was seeing how a fantastic meal could cost so little here.When all you read about is the famous twice-fried chicken at Resurrection Ale House, only to visit and not have the option of ordering that exact thing, you can't help but think, "why isn't their most famous item available all the time?" Oh well, I moved on. I ordered the pork cheek pasta and enjoyed the simplicity of the flavors. The guest I was with got the mushroom entree as she is a vegetarian and you swear you had to be eating meat by the texture and flavor. The draft and bottle selection was decent, but somehow I found myself struggling to pick something that I wanted.
The location was great and we had a good window view from our table, but the area we were sitting in was very cramped and you almost felt like you were dining with the people next to you which made for a bit of discomfort.
I would recommend Resurrection Ale House for a slower night and not when it's really busy, but overall I enjoyed my visit and while I only gave it three stars, if there was an option to give them an extra half star, I would.Took my dad and brother here on a Friday night on a friend's suggestion. We were disappointed - while the food was tasty, the experience could be summed up only as odd.
When asked if there were any local beers available, the waitress suggested Sierra Nevada. Seriously? 
When the hanger steak sandwich (ordered to share) arrived, we asked if it could be cut in half for us to share, and the bus boy brought a knife on a small, narrow plate. He didn't cut the sandwich and didn't bring a plate to use for the other half. The steak was cold (not sure if that was intentional) and there wasn't hardly enough meat on the sandwich.
As for flavors, they were excellent. The steak was cooked beautifully, the roll was delicious, the cheese plate was tasty (though the fig jam could've been more flavorful), and my brother said his pork sandwich was good. The fries were good too. And I enjoyed the franziskaner hefeweizen.
Another big complaint was the noise level in this place, and I'm not weird about noise. If I were in a rowdy pub, it'd be one thing, but this place has no more than twelve tables. It was so loud it felt like a packed bar. Some cushions or something might be in order to provide some kind of noise absorption.
Waters were filled a few times, so service was relatively attentive, but the whole thing was just strange. I'd go back again to see if it was just a fluke, but from the Yelp reviews it seems like service is the downfall of this place. Too bad.Updating this to 5 Stars now due to a new dish on the menu: roasted brussel sprouts with purple mustard paired with a pear, almond and celery leaf salad. Delicious.Went right after work at 5:00 on a Friday and feasted on a fantastic meal of pork belly steak and creamy polenta.  With Bear Republic's Racer #5 on draft, I was totally pleased.  Great early evening bartender, super friendly and extremely excited about beer.  Highly recommended.Slightly disappointing first experience but I was happy enough with pieces of the experience and the restaurant ambiance that I am certain to return soon. 
We visited Resurrection for a late brunch recently. I was a little shocked to see that we were the only table in the place but I guess they are still developing a fan base. It may also be because we didn't have the best brunch experience and that Fried Chicken I keep hearing about isn't available on the day menu, but it's also still quite new so that could be a factor. 
The coffee is La Colombe (for better or worse), the homemade apple butter was a nice touch, the eggs and peppered bacon (oh my!) were kick-ass and the bread was also homemade and fairly delicious.  
So why was this an only "A-OK" experience you ask? 
Well, on the flip side, the service was mediocre (again we were the only table), the prices are a little steep for some of the dishes and they are super stingy about the maple syrup. I know this is a little thing but it's also a big customer turn-off in my opinion. I don't care that it is "real" maple syrup and so more expensive, just go ahead and build the extra few cents into the original price (which I have a feeling you have already done). And where do you get off charging $2 for a half shot glass of extra syrup? Even with the extra half shot (no joke) I was told the French Toast was dry - very disappointing. This is an easy fix though so I'm hoping that as time progresses they will see the issue with this practice and fix it. 
All of that being said, the decor is seriously awesome (well done on the rehab!) and the location really can't be beat. Parking was quite easy and I'm all for the revitalization of this neighborhood. I'm going back for beer and that famous fried chicken I keep hearing about. The evening experiences seem to be much more positive!My boyfriend and I went here with another couple who had gotten a giftcard as a wedding present. As far as day trips into Philly, Resurrection Ale House is not located in an area that I normally stop by (if it's not within decent walking distance of the PATCO it is less likely that I'll go there). It was a really cute little place right on the corner of the street. A word to describe the restaurant would be "hipster" but it's not ridiculous.
They had an EXCELLENT beer selection and some really yummy food. They cut their fries very thin and serve them with a creamy old-bay dipping sauce.... since I put Old-Bay on EVERYTHING this was something I considered extremely awesome.
I ended up getting the "Warm pear and goat cheese" sandwich. Delicious!
One of the only improvements I would make would be that I wish they had a printed beer menu with a little more description. The beers were just written on the chalkboard above the bar, it was a little hard to read. I need more than just a name to figure out if I'm going to like a certain beer. The waitress was kind enough to describe any questions we had but I wasn't going to ask her to describe EVERY beer!
Also, almost every menu item had some trendy/quirky twist to it. I'm fine with that, since I'm a particularly adventurous eater (Weirdest thing I've eaten: Jellyfish) but for people who are more traditional, the best option they had was the hamburger. My boyfriend got the Speck and Mozzerella sandwich and was overwhelmed by the fig that was on it (not to mention that Speck is a little "different" too). 
Overall, excellent service, food, and beer. We will definitely go back!Since my first review I've been back here a bunch of times.  Its my neighborhood place.  I'm sure you've read about the fried chicken and you should--its awesome.  Crunchy and sweet and served with an excellent german potato salad.  My poor vegetarian friend was smelling it and saying, wow, that smells good!  Also supremely awesome is the short rib sandwich.  I may love it even more than the fried chicken.  Its so good, and especially if you add the greens.  Possibly my favorite sandwich in Philadelphia.  
Great wine list, lovely fries, and good desserts too.  Brunch is also very very good--I'm a fan of the huevos rancheros and the chorizo omelette.I really really wanted to like this place.  My husband and I recently moved to Grad Hospital from 15th and Locust, and really wanted a great neighborhood place.  The space is great, and it's not as "pub-y" as many of the other places in the area.  I also really liked my glass of white wine and my hubby was pleased to see Monk's Sour Ale on the menu.
Now for the food...  The brussels sprouts were pretty good, but enormously over-priced given the portion size.  I ordered the goat cheese and speck sandwich, which I had high hopes for, given that I love the two major ingredients.  I was disappointed though.  The speck was the fattiest I've ever eaten (any amateur chef could have trimmed some of it off), and it was very difficult to eat because the fat made it so damn chewy.  
The real stinker of the night, however, was my husband's dish--the king trumpet mushrooms, which he got on the recommendation of the waitress.  Keep in mind, that we had a horrifically long wait between the app and entree (the table next to us got seated 20 mins after us and had their entree before us).  When the mushroom entree came out cold, we had no choice but to assume that was because it was sitting in the kitchen for a while before the waitress brought it out.  When she came back 5 minutes after dropping of the food to check on us, we mentioned that the entree was cold.  She told him she would bring him a fresh one.  It could not have been clearer that his dish was merely dumped in the microwave and brought right back out.  The mushrooms were soggy and the pesto (which is supposed to be cold) was piping.  Not to mention the fact that she had an attitude with us the rest of the night.
Resurrection was a huge disappointment.  Because of the great reviews, close location, and homey atmosphere we would be willing to give it ONE more try.  But clearly, we would not order any of the same items we did this time.  I'll post an update when/if we go back, and let you know if they get off probationary status.We were visiting some friends in Philly, and trusted these foodie friends to bring us somewhere delicious.  I had a fantastic glass of red wine and my water glass was filled consistently throughout the meal.  Despite a communication error between the bar and a server who was not our own, we ended up getting beer we didn't order (the server told us it was the beer we ordered and we found out afterward it was not...), but otherwise the experience was good.
I ordered the Halloumi and Arugula salad, which was so interesting and tasty I'd get it again in a heartbeat, and the Pork Loin a la Plancha, which was unremarkable, however wonderfully spicy, and on which the pork was overcooked and dry.
We were told the fingerling fries were to-die-for, but I disagree.  They were fries, and there was nothing overtly special about them.  Certainly not worth dying over.When asked about what my favorite food is, I always respond "the perfect burger." This is usually followed by the caveat that I have yet to find said burger. When I first saw the burger here, I was a bit disappointed because it wasn't what I expected. It was just meat, cheese, and onions on a bun. "Where are the works!?" I thought. Nonetheless, I gave it a chance. 
When I took my first bite, it made me realize that the expectation I had for burgers was flawed. The reason that typical burgers need "the works" is because they lack something vital: character. I found my perfect burger.The menu is interesting, a bit esoteric for an ale house, but welcomed. The NOISE level was too much for me, an ambiance some might like - but for me, I prefer nice quiet conversation with those at our table and not hearing others from across the room.Oops! How did I forget to review this place!?!
We gathered a group here as the first leg of a super fun birthday weekend for my SO. We came in and were greeted warmly at the bar since they are first come first serve for seating we settled in for a few rounds. The staff were all pretty friendly and got us a table as soon as some campers freed one up. Kudos to our waiter not only for taking the late addition to our large group in stride but holding up a lighter for my honey to blow out like a candle with his dessert. So no complaints about service. The cook/chef however seems to be a little less accommodating. I wanted the lamb burger but that is only served medium rare, I like a little more done-ness than that but the waiter warned there would be no compromise. I know that is preferred temp to serve lamb but I don't enjoy it that way. So fine I asked if I could get the regular burger cooked more. I was told yes. So I ordered that and when it came it was medium rare at best. I hate kill-joy when with a large group so I just left it on the plate and told the waiter why when he asked when clearing the plates. Their Halloumi and Arugula salad is nothing short of awesome. I would go back for that alone. There is something magically about the combination of grilled cheese, fig jam and pickled beets. The dessert was a super dense slice of salted chocolate torte. It was rich and not overly sweet.It's kind of small, the tables are a lil cramped, but holy smokes their roasted maitake mushroom entree is foodgasmic! My dining partner was literally jealous at the joy I expressed from eating this meal. 
We came on a Friday night, were sat really quickly. Had the fingerling potatoes with pimenton aioli to start. Potatoes were good but the aioli was heavy on tabasco flavor. Still a good dish, but I'd try something else next time. 
I had a vodka soda and the bartender was just the right amount of generous. Then I got my entree... thinking about it makes my mouth water. The maitake mushrooms were fresh and roasted to perfection. Each bite was flavorful, buttery, and the texture of the mushroom plus the roasting made it the best non-meat meal I think I've ever eaten! 
Try that dish and you will not be disappointed. I wish I could get some flown into Dallas!My friend and I stopped here on a whim and it was divine intervention because the meal, service, and atmosphere were great! 
I had the croquet madame and he had the biscuits and gravy with crispy bacon. Both meals were cooked to perfection and the Samuel Smith's Taddy Porter was icing on my syrup-covered cake!
I really like the space as well. Lots of seating options make it more versatile, depending on who you're there with. The walls are simple and the space really speaks for itself by offering great food and beer choices! Choose wisely!nice new shiny bar. good lighting and arrangement. But why don't they sell regular beer? They have no local favorites. Lager, etc. Not sure I'll be going back. I like craft beers, but sometimes I want a nice light local beer. Lager please?Had high hopes for this place because I'm a fan of Memphis Tap Room but wow, what a disappointment. On the bright side, the beer list is great. On the down side the food is oh so terrible. Ordered the mussels which were dry and briny--salty black olives on top of shelled salty mussels. It was like taking a gulp of salt water. Barely edible. Also ordered the pork loin and was instead given a dry pork chop. Large and flavorless--couldn't even choke that one down. And then there was dessert! A piece of stale bread with a yellow smear that looked like the soupy polenta. The food was stale, dry, too salty, and what you order is not what you get. Pork loin=pork chop????
Come here to drink and leave when you're hungry.I love it here. I didn't for awhile but they continue to do what I say all places should do. Change their menu and their tap list. I'm impressed that even though we live close every time I come they have new and good options. For this reason I give them a 5 star ranking. More specifically, they always have an IPA or more on Tap. This makes the food always taste better!!The food is great.  I love their seasonal menu.  They have gourmet quality dishes but also have the best burger and fries!  Delicious beer selection.  My only complaint is that even if if it is not a high volume hour and not many people are there, they will still cram you into one of the little 2 tops and won't honor a request for a different table.  What is the point in that?  Nevertheless, I will continue to return.Great rotating tap list, delicious food (wings, burgers, salad= all amazing). Have always had good service. Good neighborhood restaurant and bar.Came here with a friend on a weekend afternoon for drinks and maybe food.  The location is unusual, but it's refreshing to see something off the beaten path.  There's a nice beer selection, so we each had a beer, and started looking over the menu.  I was surprised that there weren't more options for people who don't want to eat meat.  I know it's not something many restaurant owners may care about, but I guess I've been spoiled by other places in the city that offer some solid vegetarian or vegan options.  We decided to just finish our beers and head elsewhere for lunch.  The service was good, and if I were in the neighborhood again, I wouldn't mind coming here again for drinks and to watch the game.Met with a longtime friend on a cold blustery winter night. Resurrection Ale House loomed, like a beacon in the dark, cold night. Must..keep..walking...
..in the door to see a pleasant small gathering and friendly bartender! 
The beer list is eclectic, ever changing, and diverse. A craft brew here for everyone! Try the hand-pump, muy bien. 
I'd pass on the pork belly.. yikes, wasnt for us... but will be back to try the other food!First, annoyed by no taste beer policy. They offer 4 ounces for 1/4 of the price, but if I don't like it , that's still too much. Haven't ran into this policy anywhere else. Wasn't thrilled with the food.Huge foamy head on the Belgian. The fries were all reject small sizes. I ordered the crab cake sandwich, which we dubbed sea pork sandwich. Really, pork with crab. Over powering. Guess I missed this on the menu. Anyway, won't be back.Visit #2: Fried Chicken returns to the menu!!!!! But, when I arrive at 7pm they are sold out. What do I have to do to try this meal!? Seriously, it's starting to bother me.Went here last night, Friday, around 8 p.m. with a couple of friends.  The four of us were told it could be an hour wait, so we went over to the bar to order drinks, but before we could even order, we were seated! (The two big parties ahead of us were still waiting for their complete parties to show up--you can't get seated unless everyone's there.)  Tasty selection of beers on tap--I got the Stone Smoked Porter.  The food was very good, but not outstanding, I'd say.  The platter of pickles was fun to share--grapes, kabocha squash, beets, regular pickles, bread and butter pickles.  I got the maitake mushroom, which was just that: two beautiful roasted mushrooms (maitake look like carnations, rather than your standard button-shaped mushroom), with lots of delicious butter, over a celery root puree.  The bf's pappardelle bolognese wasn't as deep of a reddish-brown as I'm used to, but it was flavorful.  Our friend's balsamic beef shank sammy was reportedly good but salty.  Our other friend's tuna confit special on quinoa was not a winner.  The prices were really reasonable--all our entrees were $12 or less.  The service was pretty timely and very friendly.  Definitely worth a return visit.During the winter, I tend to hibernate. Part of this hibernation includes a moratorium on eating at any establishments outside of the 5 block radius of my house. Luckily, Resurrection started popping up when I was sifting through Yelp, trying to find something that meets my requirements. Since that initial meal, I have been hooked. I recommend this place to everyone, which is starting to backfire as waits for tables have gotten longer. The restaurant's setup is really conducive to comfortably waiting for a table, though, and I never mind having some extra time to sample more of the incredible beer list. (Reasonably priced across the board, too.)
I have not had anything off of Resurrection's menu that I would not recommend in a heartbeat. Absolutely everything I've tried has been delicious, and not just on a relative scale, either. 
The most recent trip here made me wonder whether I had reviewed Resurrection, yet. If I had, (I could have sworn I did, but apparently I only posted that review in my heart) I was returning immediately to say this: 
The burger at this place rivals any that I've had in Philadelphia. I really want to coordinate a Village Whiskey vs. Resurrection burger. Seriously, it's entirely and utterly amazing, and I'm almost worried that I will never be able to order anything else there.
Definitely interesting to try their brunch.been waiting for that fried chicken craving so i can finally have an excuse to travel all the way to RAH--- and tonight was the night!!
we did not waste any time! sat down and got right to it by ordering the twice fried chicken-- it was served in less than 10 mins! super speedy service!  the chicken was super crunchy! no.. not crispy but CRUNCHY! and the meat was nice and juicy.  it really lived up to its reputation!  it comes with a thin honey syrup poured on top and a side of garlic mashed.  a very simple, down to earth dish that is made for the satisfying comfort of its eaters.  
we also tried the resurrection wings tossed in this Za'atar spice (?).  it was really interesting, i don't know if i've ever had anything like it... it's a dry rubbed spice on the wings with a bit of zest.  somewhat similar to a smoked bbq flavor but slightly lighter in taste.  the wings are extremely tender where the meat will fall right off as soon as you fork it.  it is served with this lemon yogurt sauce but i might prefer to eat without it.  all i have to say is that these wings are definitely not for everyone.  it's nice to try but not my guilty pleasure of wings.
overall, the 2 dishes we got were fantastic!  really interested in what the other dishes would taste like.  unfortunately, this spot is quite out of the way for me.. so i don't know if i would return anytime soon... and sucks for me, b/c i don't have a sweet tooth and i would've much rather have my fried chicken without the honey on top :/ it was delicious but just wasn't feeling the sweetness~ i do have one question: how do they can get the meat to be so juicy and tender!?.... probably a mystery i'd never be able to solve...We've been here 15-plus times over the past few years. The food is typically very good, although a little inconsistent. Some seasons the menu is great; other times, meh.  The fried chicken and their fries are especially tasty. I appreciate the variety on their rotating beer list. My big issue us the service. The last few visits it has improved, but we have experienced everything from snobby to rude to inattentiveness. Snide comments from the servers etc. etc. Our experience with the bar staff is a little more positive. Overall, a great place to try - but only if you can ignore the service issues.I'm not sure what it is about this place that is slightly off-putting but for me there is something negative about it.  It's odd because the food is wonderful, the space has a calm and warm ambience, and the ever evolving beer list exceeds expectations for those of us who are kind of snobby about it.  You'll find no bottom tiered beers here.  Over the years I've had experiences with the chef that have been less than desirable and unaccommodating which is a shame.  I want to like this place more than I do.  It's definitely worth a visit so you can make up your own mind.Yes, the fried chicken really is that good.
The beer selection is also great, and seems to switch quite frequently. 
Lastly, it's a true neighborhood bar, and seems to not get infiltrated by trashy people. 
I've been here several times and am always happy to go back. if you haven't been, you should!This restaurant just keeps getting better.  The beers on draft are always fresh and interesting.  Yard's Saison has never tasted better than last night.  The menu changes weekly, though I hate to miss some of the selections.  Unbelievably good broccoli with cashews, tho it's hard to choose that over the artichokes.  Endlessly interesting sandwiches; a braised chicken with spinach was delicious and their pork sandwiches are always great and various.  Their truly wonderful vegetarian options have to be among the best in the city.  We go there often.  Servers are prompt, pleasant, and very knowledgeable about the food and the beer.So I've been a couple of times and it seems to be growing on me. The layout was always a little weird when it was Yello and it's still the same..split level, cramped...doesn't take much for it to feel packed. It does feel lighter and airier though and the decor is certainly pleasant. Most definitely the beer selection is the most impressive element here and I'm sure it will guarantee returns visits. I'm still trying out the food though. Both times fell a little short but it was early days and they may well be still finding their feet. I'll keep trying to find out.Really like this bar. Had the fried chicken awhile back (no longer on the menu) which was amazing. The french toast and croque madame are good. They also have a really good bloody mary.Their burger is still as good as ever, but I'm realizing their small plates are where they really shine. Recent highlights: the shirred egg with kale and creamy tomatoes, and their Brussels sprouts with a mustardy goodness that made me seriously consider replacing my main entree order with another Brussels sprouts order.
Service is still a little slow, and their olive oil tuna sandwich, which I had high hopes for, was a bit too soft and mushy for me. The flavors were spot on, but they needed more tuna or less vinaigrette to make it something I would order again.We ate here a lot when it first opened and let me say, the burger was INCREDIBLE, but each time we go back, it steadily gets worse and worse, smaller and smaller.
'The Chef prepares the burger Medium Rare" said the hostess. It didn't matter, because that shit was like a hockey puck.
On the plus side, its on our door step, and could be a great hang out in ths summer. I won't hold my breath though.One of my favorite bars in Philly! It has a down-to-earth (re: not too hipstery) vibe with a lot of neighborhood flavor. I see regulars come in here all the time. Their food is delicious although it occasionally veers toward the salty side. Love the Warm Pear and Goat Cheese sandwhich and their seasonal fried chicken is excellent! (Tip: Apparently it sells out on the first day it comes back on the menu. I showed up early for dinner when I had it last year.) Of course, the beer selection is another great reason to come here. The bartenders here are fun and worth chatting to. :) I would recommend this spot to any out-of-town visitor looking to find some real people and local culture.The waiter told us that people have come in and have literally CRIED when they found out they were out of the fried chicken.  While I don't know if I would cry over the chicken, it was really quite fantastic.  The chicken was super moist, flavorful and crunchy.  I have no idea how they're able to get the chicken SO crunchy without the skin just flaking or falling off.  I've tried the twice fried method, and it hasn't worked for me.  The chicken came with a spicy honey dipping sauce (honey with sriracha) and a side of potato salad.  The potato salad was a delicious cross between macaroni salad and mashed potatoes.  The celery it came with, however, was a bit too vinegary for me.  
The service was fantastic and for happy hour (5-7PM) all the beers are only $4.  On a Monday, it was pretty empty, which I liked.  The interior is super cute and cozy and I love the double sided bar.  I will definitely be back for fried chicken and cheap beer!Twice fried chicken. That's really all you need to know. 
I also think they have one of the best burgers in town. 
I got the lamb neck ragu on their most recent menu, and I enjoyed it, but if it's your first time going, make sure someone in your party orders the chicken.Great great neighborhood restaurant I'm lucky enough to live a short walk away- the twice fried chicken is delectable and a perfect blend of textures. Their beer selection is always eclectic and their staff, kind.Finally made it here after hearing so many great things about this place.  It was a hot memorial day so we opted for burgers and cokes.  Our food arrived fairly quickly.  First the asparagus appetizer special.  The asparagus was grilled to perfection and topped with a shallot-vinaigrette.  Absolutely lovely.  The burger was so juicy i needed several napkins to handle it!  I would have preferred most any other cheese than swiss, but that was all they had.  The onion on the burger was just enough (hate it when they overload it with onions) and had a sweet tanginess -  I think it was pickled.  French fries were those shoestring crispy kind, they came with some kind of cumin aioli.  Overall yum.  Only negative point was they forgot my coffee, but I didn't get charged for it and a large party came in after.. so no biggie there.  Definitely worth a return visit.It's definitely a bit pricey, but they have a great beer selection and the menu is good too.  I have never had a bad experience here.  They staff is also very friendly... it's kind of become our neighborhood bar where most of the staff knows your name.  The menu changes seasonally,but I recommend their burger and the fried chicken.Went to have lunch at Resurrection Ale House with a fine group the other day and we had a really good time in this airy and lovingly done small restaurant.  First the beers: a short but extremely well chosen list of taps (what else do you expect from Brendan?).  I had the St. Louis Geueze (this beer has the austere sourness of great Geueze beers but lacks the lovely "barnyard" smells I so  love), the Lagunitas Cappuccino Stout (lives up to the name), and, what a treat, the Rodenbach Grand Cru.  
With beers like that, it would be easy to lower the expectations for the food but this is the great thing about Resurrection Ale House - the food is excellent and as fairly priced as the fine beers.  The much-lauded twice-fried chicken, slightly sweet and accompanied by a tasty German potato salad, lived up to the hype.  An order of braised pork belly brought a generously sized piece of tender bacon that was the ambrosia to the nectar of the Lagunitas stout.  I tried the pumpkin risotto with great trepidation (so many risotto disappointments!), only to find a finely cooked dish with perfect risotto consistency.  My favorite dish, however, was the plate of braised Belgian Endives, a plate that will make me return to the Ale House as soon as possible.  I don't think our vegetarian friend ate quite as well as the carnivorous rest of the group, the Lentil Sloppy Joe tasted as boring as the sound of its name.
Unanimous delight in the group with the desserts we shared:  a moistly rich Olive Oil cake and an interesting variety of cookies, served with a dish of whip cream and apple butter.
The service was solicitous and very easy-going and we had the chance to chat with the no-nonsense chef Joey Chmiko, a man with a vision and the talent to make it a reality.Before I start this review, I need to make something clear: I've had the fried chicken before, and it is like crack. However, when I went last night, the fried chicken wasn't on the menu! Did it just recently come off? Do I need to specifically ask for it? Any insights?
Fried chicken aside, our meal last night was delicious. They had a sandwich special which was an open faced pumpkin, pear and kale sandwich. It was heavenly. Very autumnal without tasting like pumpkin pie. I also enjoyed the brussels sprout with bacon. There seemed to be some sort of sauce with the brussels sprouts that I couldn't identify, but it doesn't matter because it was awesome.
My dining companion ordered the lamb burger, which was a delightful departure from the traditional beef burger found everywhere else. It has a middle-eastern tinge to the flavor, which was a refreshing change in burger toppings. 
They currently have Mad Elf on tap, which is always two thumbs up in my book!
This is a great place, and worth checking out. Now if only someone could explain to me the mystery of the fried chicken...One of the best burgers I have ever had! The buns are amazing. And the waitstaff is great with beer recommendations :)This place is definitely the best "pub" around. I have not had a bad meal here and the food continues to astound me. Great little neighborhood spot for us Graduate Hospital residents. Great beer selection and a nice low-key ambiance.Four of us had dinner and drinks on a Friday night. I immediately liked the atmosphere because it wasn't as formal as a restaurant,  yet not too much of a bar scene. They offer a great selection of beer and the food was wonderful! We shared 4 small plates and 1 larger plate. The guys loved the pork belly and the slow cooked greens, and my roommate and I found the fried chicken to be tender and juicy without being greasy. The beets were wonderful as well, although the anchovy flakes were a little too strong for me- they are more of a garnish though so I still enjoyed the dish. And the german potato salad that comes with the chicken was AMAZING. The bill was a little less than $60 (without drinks), which I think is a deal considering our group of two girls and two really hungry guys. Everyone left full!This place has great. Has that 'service with a smile' attitude with accommodations when you ask for them. Great craft beer selection with some real good ciders. The food is on the pricey side but you get what you pay for. The Rubens are on the top of my list, which seems to be in big competition with the restaurants in the graduate hospital area. Would recommend for a good place to have a date, not so much for going out to party.Good beer selection, tried the brussel sprouts (with bacon, very good!) and the mushroom (shiitake?) dinner plate with bread crumbs, that was also very good. I would return.Great neighborhood spot. Good beer, surprisingly good food for a bar. Brunch is solid as well. A little more space than Side Car down the street but that's a great spot too. My girl, neighbors, and brother all like the spot. 
Cool staff too.Even though I live right down the street I'm so used to writing this place off because it used to be just a "meh" bar called yellow bar. The new owners have done a fantastic job sprucing the place up. I love how they utilized the already ample windows with a much more comfortable seating arrangement and homey decor. The food was a little more pricey than expected (my fault for not doing my homework) but my lamb meatballs were out of this world delicious. I also tried the mascarpone polenta which was also tasty. The fries have this great curry ketchup which is so amazingly scrumptious. Not to mention a fantastic draft and bottled beer selection to please all pallets. Overall, I'll surely be back to try some more.A limited food menu and a good beer selection are the main points of Resurrection Ale House.  There are better spots for food and beer, especially considering the price.
If I was a rich yuppie trying to convince myself I was "down with the people" and that I "love craft beer" I probably be a regular.  IF.Came with my brother for late night eats and drinks.
Food (8.5/10) = Damn!  Yelpers weren't kidding about the twice fried chicken!  Definitely the thing to try at Resurrection Ale House.  Skin was very crispy, and the meat moist.  Lightly dressed with a spicy-sweet honey-savory sauce.  It reminded me of the bon chon Korean fried chicken places.  The fried chicken dish is complimented well with the salad and cornbread.  And of course, the beer also pairs well with the fried chicken...as beer does with all fried things.  My brother got the moules-frites appetezier (fingerling potatoes, caramelized fennel, mustard cream, and bread crumbs).  This dish was great in its own way, but did not have the "wow" factor the twice fried chicken impressed on my tongue.  Resurrection Ale House exhibits a great beer selection as many have already mentioned.
Ambiance (8.0/10) = Simple neighborhood joint at the corner of a block.  Bar is right in front of you when entering, and tables situated further in the back.
Service (8.5/10) = Our waiter was cool.  Very friendly.  Very attentive to when we needed another beer...like his 6th sense.  Looks like other reviewers commented on a no-taste/sample policy on the beer.  Didn't experience this myself since I didn't request any samples on my visit.
Overall opinion = Really enjoyed my visit to Resurrection Ale House.  Wish I had a gastropub of this quality in my neighborhood.  Serving some of the best fried chicken I've had, complimented by a great beer selection.Like many... I went for the fried chicken. Unlike many, I found it good not great.   The twice fried method certainly made it extra crispy but it also made it very hard to find the actual chicken.  I am actually not sure how much chicken I really ate.....  Lots of fried nibbles but very little chicken.  I'd love to try the recipe on a meatier piece of chicken.   The watermelon salad that accompanied the chicken was delicious and my favorite part of the dish.   
The beer selection is great and the overall space is clean and comfortable.  The service was about average. The menu was very creative and I will certainly go back and try other items.The atmosphere is more clean cut than most other bars in the area, but the service is down to earth and the beer list is extensive. Make sure to ask for the bottle list, there are some well-priced gems in there. The brunch is excellent, felt like I got a large portion and my coffee mug never got low.Resurrection is really working it. On my second visit, we were greeted by the hostess, and told there might be an hour wait for dinner. It was after seven on a Saturday night. We were pretty hungry, but resigned to wait it out. The owner immediately got our name, and said "he got this". We were barely done with our first beer when our name was called, and we were shown to a comfortable table for four. the service was quick and fun, and we enjoyed our meal. As we were paying, the owner came over and asked us if we were finished eating, could we move to the bar. he coordinated a switch with a group , waiting for a table to eat. The joint was crowded( and loud) but we were given the special treatment, which makes you want to return soon.I love that I live within a few blocks of Resurrection.  
The happy hour prices ($4 for domestic drafts) are out of this world, especially when we're talking some strong beer here.  They have a nice selection of beer, most of which I randomly try, all of which I have liked.  There might be one or two beers you've heard of before (like Alagash White), but whenever I come here, I feel the need to branch out and try something I can't pronounce.  The end result usually involves me stumbling out the door...
I usually just come here to drink, but their brunch is just as delightful as their beer.  Great neighborhood spot!I literally live 2 blocks away from this place and I cannot, will not go back no matter how convenient. Our experience was so annoying and I don't remember food details, but for starters our server was a complete arrogant and ignorant prick. I think I inquired about something called "cocoa spaghettini" - possibly a special - and this dude scoffs at me as if to say "isn't it obvious?" FIrst of all, I'm italian - familiar with MOST pasta - this, I had never heard of. Either way, not a way to talk to a customer. Second, the food took ridiculously long to be served; we waited almost 40 minutes! while some couple who arrived 15 min after us, was served first. Unacceptable. Third, the prices for the portion and "quality" don't add up AT ALL. There are a million better places in this city to eat for that price. Oh and fourth, for real - I hate their menu. I'm a somewhat adventurous eater and these choices were just "huh?" or "eh" for me. No thanks. Move along.This place is a gem. They have high-quality beer with a good variety. Happy hour (5-7) is well-priced ($4 beers, $5 wines) and the staff are really friendly. BEST DOUBLE-FRIED CHICKEN I'VE EVER HAD. Highly recommended.I've been told this place is great but honestly, I was again, a bit underwhelmed. Their beer selection is decent but my main priority is definitely the food. I found it to be a bit lack luster. My friend got some version of their mussels that needed salt. It was fine and she was nice about it but we didn't find it to be impressive. I got a burger which was good but again, wasn't the best burger I've had in town. I will give props to the service though since they were super nice about seating us and giving us time to choose our meal or even giving suggestions. The seating is tight so expect to be sitting on top of one another if you come here. However, if you don't mind, that's great! I may come back to give it another chance on food and try their fried chicken next time since it is rated quite highly.Came here for a second dinner last Friday night around 9:30 with my boyfriend, who hadn't eaten yet. The place was pretty crowded with warm, cozy and hip decor. 
Yeah, yeah, the beer selection is "great." To be honest I don't know much about beer and the strong stuff usually gives me a stomachache, but I had a Sierra Nevada Celebration and it was good.
I had the arugula and feta salad which was simple and so delicious ($7). Arugula tossed with orange olive oil, dill, shallots, and the freshest feta I have EVER tasted (and I gorged on the stuff in Israel). Huge, creamy chunks of cheese were tossed throughout.
My boyfriend had the Ragu Bolognese open-faced sandwich ($12) which he enjoyed, but was so heavy he didn't finish. The fries were thin, crispy and served with Harissa aoli, a flavor I've never tried. Very interesting.Ended up here on a random Wednesday night after talking about trying this place for years. This place is off the beaten graduate hospital path and pushes the west side boundary of the neighborhood. Once you arrive you immediately get that cozy neighborhood feel, added bonus for navel square residents.
As for food and drinks, they have a solid draft beer list with about 10 options that had a number of my seasonal favorites so +1 there. Food wise I was pretty underwhelmed after hearing rave reviews about the fried chicken. Two pieces of chicken come with the plate and both of mine were not as moist as I would have hoped and the coating was borderline too fried. Maybe that's the nature of the twice fried chicken but too crunchy for my liking. The accompanying salad was an afterthought although I did enjoy the cornbread. Overall very average but still worth giving another chance. I had a bite of the pork belly sandwich too, fresh avocado brought it all together and the challah bun was a nice touch.
It was a slow night and the service seemed to be checked out, only took our order delivered food then the bill. Nonetheless I'll still be back for a casual meal and drinks.we recently visited, (We are from Baltimore) my sister-n-law, who is from Philly. She moved to this newly gentrified area, a few days ago. This was our first and most likely last visit here.
How can you offer beers that no one has heard of and not at least offer them to sample a small size of it-especially when they are more then likely to drop $100 for dinner--no excuses for that.  WAITRESS SAID -NO. TERRIBLE POLICY. WHO DO YOU THINK YOU ARE.
THE BEER;
Now for the fun part:  after saying no, she said you can buy tastes of 4 oz. for whatever price (I forgot). I stuck to an IPA rather getting something I would dislike. Our table mate got some type of Resurrection brew, he was more adventurous than I.  It came in an 8 oz snifter type goblet that was 1/3 full of beer and 2/3 full of head--ARE YOU KIDDING ME. So you did not charge me for a sample, that is how it comes..Charged us full price.
Come on man. Who are you kidding
 WHO TAUGHT THESE GENIUSES HOW TO POUR BEER. VERY OVERPRICED FOR WHAT YOU GET.
DO NOT GO HERE FOR THE BEER
THE FOOD: 
Very pretentious on the menu offerings. 2 of us got Fried Haddock sandwich. The bread was double the size of the fish. Not very good. I got the cola induced Pork-that was ok. The last of us got the double Fried chicken drenched in some sweet concoction, it was ok.
Overall the food was average at best.
I would not recommend this place to anyone. They are trying to be something they are not.
There are many more local places to try...and we didI've been reading about their fried chicken for a long time. Finally, i went, tasted the fried chicken and was thrilled that it lived up to the hype! It was incredibly crispy and coated with this delicious spicy/honey sauce. It totally worked with the chicken and added an excellent kick to the dish.
Fried chicken aside, this place is adorable, has good food and a great beer selection. I was very happy with the whole experience. I thought the speck and goat cheese sandwich could be better but the chicken, beer,  atmosphere, fries and pork head terrine made up for that and then some. 
Food aside, I was really happy with the service. Our waiter remembered my friend from a week or so prior and remembered he had knee surgery! I was pretty impressed and thought it was really great that he asked how he was doing. 
Resurrection Ale House is perfect for a casual night out on a date or with friends.  I'll definitely go back in the future and not just for the fried chicken!Happy hour + fried chicken...what could be better?
We arrived around 5 for happy hour (beers for $4 from 5-7pm) and were 2 of only 4 people in the place.  The bartender took the time to explain the different beers to us and let us sample a few.  Once our party arrived, we moved to a table.  I split an order of the fried chicken w/ my boyfriend. It was awesome.  So juicy and tender on the inside, yet so crispy on the outside.  Per our server, it's from the chef's grandmother's recipe (with the modern update of Sriracha-honey sauce). The chicken comes with german potato salad.  Now when I think of potato salad, I think of potato chunks covered in mayo (barf), yet what came out with my dinner was more accurately described as smashed red potatoes dressed in vinegar.  They were delicious!  
Great service (the server even took the time to go look on the ipod and write down what song was playing when we asked) and great food.  My only complaint: DAMN it was cold in there! I mean like freezing.  Please turn up the heat next time!I came here after the amazing front cover picture of the twice fried honey drizzled chicken on Philadelphia Magazine's most recent issue. I've been meaning to check it out for some time, but that sexy sexy cover shot gave me the push to finally go. 
I came here a little later on a Friday night, so there was a bit of a wait, though not too bad. Their beer selection was able to entertain me while I waited. 
Once seated, we ordered the pork belly appetizer, fried chicken and lentil sloppy joe. The pork belly looked like a chunk of tiramisu. It was good, but I probably wouldn't order it again. The guilt to enjoyment ratio wasn't worth it. The lentil sloppy joe was decent, but nothing amazing. And the chicken...(dun dun dun)....was just so so. I actually thought the whole twice fried thing worked against the dish. The skin was too hard and dry. I hate to say it, but I'll take some Popeye's over that any day. But let me say, it wasn't terrible, just not front cover worthy. 
I would come back if I'm in the neighborhood for a beer and burger, but not make it a point to eat dinner here again. It's a cool spot though. This one goes in the "sure, I'll go, why not" pile.Way impressed by my visit to this neighborhood treasure. 
I live about a centimeter away from Resurrection, which I'm sure sways my view a bit, but bear with me. I had been to the bar for drinks on a few occasions with happy results. Deliciousness every time and very reasonable prices, considering the quality. It really seems like they select their brew selection with care. I can't say I regularly go for a happy hour-esque scene, probably because there are a ton of local dirt cheap options to keep me distracted. Still, we decided to try the food this evening for a quick weeknight treat.
Oh man, I can't believe I put it off for this long. Everything we had was very, very tasty. We started with the shrimp appetizer and the broccoli rabe bruscetta-y thing. The shrimp was so tender, with a tasty creamy sauce and more than a little kick. Perfect. Enough little guys to share for sure but don't get greedy. After all, it was just an app. The broccoli rabe was yummy as well, served with a ricotta scoop on the side and delicious toasted chewy bread slices. Really nice for something different. I though the ricotta and greens layered on the bread was great, although my companion said the rabe itself was a bit salty. 
All three of us LOVED our main dishes. One fried chicken, one lamb sirloin flatbread, one pork chop. Clearly, the male of the group got the pork chop, and raved and raved. It was huge, by the way! Well cooked and served on a bed of shredded brussels sprouts. Not my cup of tea, but to each his own. Fried chicken was spectacular, but I think everyone knows that. The lamb sirloin wrap was a fun surprise! Light and tasty with mint and a bean hummus-style spread. It came with their amazing fries and curry dipping sauce. Huge hit at our table. 
Throw in an amazing beer selection, and I can't wait to go back. I have no reservations suggesting this place to friends or swinging them by for an affordable and delectable casual meal out! Props to the neighbors!Yes. Everything said about the fried chicken, just, yes. 
Lovely little joint. I withhold the last star just because the draft and wine lists were a little short. The food gets 5 stars easy!The atmosphere at Resurrection is great, which makes me wish the food was better.  The beer list was also excellent.  The food, however, left something to be desired.  Mainly, it was way salty.  You can add salt, but you can't take it back, and both the appetizers and entrees had too much.  The pork in particular was drenched in salt.
The service was good, but not amazing, however there was one waitress working (I think) all of the tables on a relatively quiet night, so that didn't have a major bearing on my rating, as I understand having to work all those tables is tough.
Conclusion: the menu was only mildly impressive and the way over seasoned.  Since it's very close, I'll probably try Resurrection again, but given my grad school budget, I can't guarantee it, since if I'm going to for a slightly more "upscale" American meal, I want to really love it.The fried chicken is so so so delicious!!! Beer selection is good and service is great!! Awesome place in GHO.I like this spot.  Moved to the neighborhood recently and it's nice to have options besides Grace Tavern which can get really crowded.  RAH has a nice ambiance, friendly wait staff and the wings are good-my go to food.  My favorite part of this place is the good music they play and the fact that it's never super crowded.  I hope it stays that way.Decent place if you are into good beer. Very "of its location". Every time I go in here it seems like there people in their mid thirties with their children. The interior almost reminds me of a TGI Fridays without the flair. Or maybe a suburban kitchen. I'm not sure.
I am disappointed about the elimination of natty boh from the beer selection. i think every bar needs a bottom shelf beer as I cannot afford to pay 4-5 dollars a beer most of the time. The food is good. As many people have said the honey sweetened fried chicken is excellent. The vegetarian fare is ok...last night I had a lentil sloppy joe. The sloppy part was smokey and tasty, however I did not care for the choice of bun. I'm picky like that. The fries were very good and served with a spicy mayo which is a must for fry lovers in philly. Decent place.Good beer selection, seriously tasty cranberry stuff on the turkey burger (but if there was habenero in there like the menu said, it was the kind of habenero that tastes just like cranberry). Anyway, they say brussel sprouts are the new kale, so of course they're on the menu - but they were totally overwhelmed by pickled onions - with hardly any of the sweet & bitter bite that you want from a sprout.