Revolution is not my favorite place in the city, but it is a good option in a neighborhood that can be over crowded and overly intense. 
The food isn't amazing (the sandwiches are HUGE and on cose-like flatbread, they are very generous with the cheese, so don't expect anything light) but they have a solid tap list and lots of outdoor seating (both sidewalk and roofdeck!). I enjoyed a salad and some nachos during a first friday and it was great people watching eating on the sidewalk table.Finally had an opportunity to take my wife to Revolution House after our yelp event (actually my/our first event) and a few solo stops myself. Their Craft beer selection is very good and constantly rotates so I had a Clown Shoes Galactica along with a Neshaminy Creek Tripel which went well with an order of housemade Tater Tots to share along with Mini Meatloafs for me and Eggplant Parmesan for my wife. Very Good!Amazing food. I mean top of the line in all areas, meat, veggies, pizza and even the fries are brag worthy! The atmosphere is fun to hang out at. The service is bad, I mean really bad. Inattentive the entire time I was here. You will go thirsty here.Came here with five friends after checking out the art galleries at First Friday. It was a good place to just chill with friends.
We each got a "small dish," such as the baked Brie or Mac n cheese. The Mac and cheese was good but was nothing special. My friends said the baked Brie was amazing. 
We all checked in on yelp to get a buy-one-get-one-free deal for beers. Most of the beers were $6. So $6 for two beers was great.
Overall, I had a good experience here. But it was nothing extraordinary.We were attracted by the roof deck, but when we went it was too hot to sit outside.  So we sat at the upstairs bar.  The atmosphere was nice.  The bartender was friendly.
But the drinks were extremely watered down, and the food was mediocre at best.  Pizza (ham and arugula) was excellent, but the artichoke was way over-cooked, the dumplings - eh, and the "yam-based" tater tots had no trace of yam that I could see.
We left to find a $10 drink that actually had booze in it.My husband and I like to go to Old City for happy hour before we see a show at the Arden. Revolution House was our most recent spot. The timing was perfect as it was a gorgeous day and Revolution House has a roof deck and happy hour specials. 
We ordered our first round of beers at the upstairs bar and took them to a table on the roof deck. There were about 8-10 beers on draft and the selection is pretty decent. For happy hour, all beers are half off. We were pretty happy campers with a Long Trail IPA and Dogfishhead Indian Brown Ale. We ordered our second round (same beers) and food from the table. The roof deck isn't the most spacious but it's a roof deck and they are a sparsity in Philly. 
The happy hour food special was half off a Margherita  pizza. The pizza was okay...I guess no  real complaints for $6. The crust was light and flaky but the sauce and cheese were inconsistent. The sauce wasn't evenly spread and there were a few blobs of mozzarella scattered around the pie. It was topped with basil but the basil had been baked in and was a little dry/crispy. I prefer my basil fresh and added to the top of the pie at the end of the cooking process. The pie was a decent size and did the trick for a snack for two people. 
The service wasn't bad. We had ordered our first drinks at the bar then seated ourselves potentially causing some confusion. It took a little bit of time for our server to come visit our table. It was smooth sailing for the rest of our visit and the rest of the service was prompt and attentive. 
I wouldn't make a trip across town just to go to Revolution House but if I'm in that part of the city, I wouldn't hesitated to go back from happy hour.Very friendly staff, they brought ice water for my dog and refreshed it with new water later. The chicken sandwich is great, and the watermelon mint soup was very good and refreshing on this warm day.The food was good but the staff were rude. I was on a double date with good friends and we got there late evening 8:30 ish. We had food,drinks and spent about $180. The bartender closed us out and gave us last call before midnight, which seemed odd in Philadelphia, and by 12:15, she and her staff were visibly annoyed that we hadn't left. She was spiking her tip change into a collection box, one penny at a time, and we were constantly being stared down for not leaving. It was very rude and a sour note to end our expensive evening. Not worth a revisit.I like rooftop decks, so Revolution House gets an automatic 5 stars.
However, they start losing stars when they charge full price on drinks to sit on said deck.  It's a gorgeous summer evening at 5:30, the colleagues and I don't want to sit inside at the bar, so we swallow our cheapness and sit outside anyway.
The menu sounds good, but is executed poorly and is borderline too expensive ($11 for a tiny little quinoa salad?).  The fancy brick oven pizza was decent, but no match for Zavino or Stella.  The homemade tater tots are actually delicious, compiled of a variety of potatoes.  My colleagues had the lasagna cupcakes and artichokes, which they said were really gross (especially the artichokes, normally made with butter, were floating in some oily concoction).  
We went back for my birthday happy hour last week and sat inside at the upstairs bar this time (heat wave!)... the bartender was super attentive and gets extra points for letting 15 of us take over a bunch of tables and most of the bar.
Overall I like Revolution House for drinks, especially because they have prosecco by the glass, but they definitely need to improve their food and lower those prices!Great pizza's! Ordered the Margarita and prosciutto. I especially loved their crust. It was crispy and crunchy and very tasty.  The salad wedge was exceptional as well. Atmosphere was wonderful and the music in the background added a nice touch.Love the decor! Reasonable draft beer prices. Our server was very knowledgeable and helpful for these out of town visitors. The food was wonderful. Sweet and sour pork was Delish!  A great evening.Pop'd in this place for a quick bite, ordered the Marinara pie... Pretty damn good I must admit. The rooftop deck is cool, nice lunch time crowd... Staff is cool, couple cute women too... I'll be back.Half price drafts during happy hour. There are about 8 beers on rotating taps and they are all pretty good. I had the white bean dip and the dumplings. Both were very tasty. Service was ok.  I'd go back for happy hour for sure.This place is awesome. I had great food on all 10 of my visits. I've been to a few of the Steven Starr spots and the food is just as good at Revolution House, if not better. If you're a cheese lover try the spinach dumplings dish...amazing. The upstairs outside deck is warm with heat lamps and the decor indoors and outdoors is cool and cozy.first time/lunch! cooled and protected by the terrace umbrellas.
well put together dark interior - medium-high coolness factor.  this beautiful day helped me get past the limited menu offerings but could not get past a mortadella sandwich that turned into a prosciutto sandwich which was later clarified by the chef (via our delightful server) as "cooked prosciutto" huh? tasted like shaved ham to me!
i don't know if i can ever return to a place that cooks its prosciutto...
think sunny thoughts, i say :)Pretty nice place.  I must say I liked the decor and atmosphere more than I enjoyed the food.  I ordered their pepperoni pizza as an entree and calamari and french fries as appetizers.  The calamari was bland and their marinara sauce was nothing special.  I do not recommend this at all.  The french dries were drizzled with what looked and tasted like honey mustard mixed with thousand island dressing.  Though good, they were on the burnt side.  The pizza was nothing special and the service was also nothing special.  If you want a quick meal, I think this place is cool.  
Quick tip: Though sitting outside is nice, be prepared to be bombarded by homeless people.  I am from NY and am not used to so many homeless people begging for money on the streets especially asking for food from people enjoying a meal outside of a restaurant.  Usually, you'd see this in front of a train station not in front of a restaurant.  This may alter your experience a bit.  (Sat inside the restaurant but had a good view of a family who had a homeless man come back twice for more food).Super freaking sonic food. Octopus salad, crab cakes and liquid choc cake...not bad wine...solid. Very impressed!The overall look of the restaurant is excellent but the cold disposition of the staff is what takes away from the feel of the place. Our waiter appeared to be frustrated despite attempts to make our ordering precise and timely and it was not busy and the man spent a great deal of time in the corner talking to coworkers so he couldn't have been overwhelmed by how many tables he had. The food came out and I had ordered Buffalo Chicken Dip to share and the Duck skins. The buffalo chicken dip came out with absolutely no flavor and had no spice to it. When I sent it back the waiter gave an attitude despite my not wanting to substitute it or make any extra work for him. The duck was also not seasoned but when combined with the other components of the dish had a pretty good taste. Not something to write home about. Overall I doubt I would spend another evening here and would probably suggest others do the same.Amazing food and amazing drinks!! Highly recommend the buffalo chicken dip, margarita pizza, and the grilled peach salad. Also, the Moscow mules are delicious. There's a great Happy Hour too where certain things are half off M-F from 5-7pm and nice rooftop bar area or seating outside. Great for Happy Hour with friends.It pains me to give this place a three star review but it's hit or miss. Been here a bunch of times, for brunch, happy hour, dinner, lunch on the AMAZING roof deck and I haven't had consistent service. I keep going back for the delicious food though! The tater tots, baked ricotta, quinoa salad and pizzas are my favorites! They also have really great beers, and did I mention the great roof deck!?I have been here quite a few times for quite a few different reasons. Here are my highlights....
+ if you check in on Yelp you get a free beer
+ they have an awesome upstairs deck to sit and it's even open when it's cold
+ they have Omission gluten free beer
+ the atmosphere and seating upstairs is pretty sweet (yep I like the upstairs)
+ they take LevelUp
+ they have a great brunch menu and brunch food was delicious
- the bar staff isn't always the friendliest or have much personality (wish I would have had @Benjamin M.'s bartender haha)
- if you sit in the bar area you have to go up to the bar yourself which can take a long time to get a drink (call me pampered but I still like a waiter)
- can be pricey for drinks, but they are all delicious
- other menu food is just okI'm giving it a four because I've never eaten here, although the food looks very good, but have had drinks here a few times with my boyfriend. Everytime we have gone the service has been excellent. Came in last Sunday for some drinks. We were greated by the bar tender, Jimmy, who was such an awesome server! Even though he was Bartending inside he sat us outside and gave us exceptional service! He was very friendly and gave us great recommendations on drinks. Will def be back on the next nice drinking day.On what had to be one of the hottest days of the summer, my friend and I stopped here in desperation after touring Philly for hours in the blazing sun - so glad we did!! Had a Pynk Tart Summer Berry Ale - so good on a hot day. Server gave it an honest reco. Ordered the guacamole to start. Firstly, it was the largest portion of guac I've ever seen or been served, and secondly it was AWESOME. My friend and I agreed - we actual needed more chips and we were scooping it up, not just dipping. I had the roasted beet salad and it was so, so tasty. If anything, I would say it had too many beets and very little greens, but that's just being picky. It was truly delicious. The vinaigrette dressing made this salad. My friend had their veggie burger and after years of many and varied veggie burger eating, she put it in her top two :) fries were crisp and well seasoned, as well. Nice interior, too.The food was outstanding. It was a group of 8 that asked for the rooftop and said it'd be a 45 minute wait, but I went up to check it out and all that table needed was to be bussed. 45 minutes to bus a table. So I asked nicely and we got seated in 5. The pork sandwich was the best pork sandwich I've ever had. Calamari was great as were the tacos. The servers really seem to not like their job. Really out of it and disinterested to do anything for any of us. The food was so good, that I'll be back for that.The rooftop is the driving force for my frequent visits to revolution house. During the colder weather they have walls up with heaters which come down and allow the open air to flow in the summer. The overall decor of the restaurant is also very hip and intriguing.
I usually go here for happy hour with friends-$5 generous pours of wine, 1/2 off drafts and 1/2 of margherita pizza. They have a lot of great specialty pizzas, my favorite being the prosciutto and arugula! 
On our most recent visit we decided to try out some of their salads. Although good they were lacking in dressing. Also one person asked to add spinach to the quinoa SALAD and was charged $3.50. Seems a little steep for a hand full of spinach if you ask me.
Overall revolution house has some pretty good food, good drink specials and a great vibe. If you're in old city and want to eat outside with a view check out the rooftop!Quick and easy review starting now: 
Came in here while the Germany soccer game was on bc the place next door was too packed....Glad I did!  
The Bartender "Noelle" was VERY knowledgeable and knew her way around the bar pretty well!   All the drinks were GREAT!  She also knew the menu pretty good too! 
We ordered....
Guacamole- fresh and good..
Tater tots: like little fried mashed potatoes w cheese puffs , very good 
Crab Wontons-  SLAMMING
Lobster Pot Pie- SUPER SLAMMING
Grilled Octopus and Artichokes- SLAMMING
All and all this place is a homerun, great decor, food and service....
Happy Jason.   
The EndWent for an early dinner with four friends on a Saturday. We arrived and were seated upstairs right away. The upstairs was perfect for the warm spring day. We ordered the tots and guacamole for appetizers, both delicious and great portion for sharing. Beer flights are offered for $8 which is always fun! For dinner I ordered a salad which was a disappointment; mainly just vegetables covered in a light dressing, while my friends split the plain and margherita pizza. Luckily I got to try a slice of plain which was AMAZING. Will def be back, will def be getting pizza.We met some friends at the Revolution House on Sunday for Brunch.
To counter some of the other reviews, the staff was friendly, helpful and attentive the entire time ... and I am about as "non-hipster" as you can get. 
I decided to get a burger, since I wasn't in the breakfast food mood. The burger was juicy and flavorful. It was served on pita which was different, not good different or bad different, just different. 
The fries were the best part of the meal, they had some kind of sauce on them that was very good. 
My dining companions were likewise pleased with their meals but not blown away. 
The price was pretty standard for being in the city. 
Sounds like 3 stars to me.I first went here early this year with my boyfriend. He dared me to go to dinner somewhere without yelping it first, and here we ended up.  I was underwhelmed with my octopus pasta entree, though I do have fond memories of the tater tots.
When I got the elite invite, I contemplated not going because of my previous experience, but a friend talked me into it, and we had an amazing time!  It seems they've entirely revamped the menu since the last time I was there, and while the menu is eclectic -pizza, quinoa salad, hot dogs, guacamole, tiramisu....- everything was tasty and dare I say, pretty healthy. My favorite was the seafood fregula.
I love the decor, and the roof deck is AMAZING.  Thanks to ample heat lamps, we were able to sit out there without coats in the winter, and actually be toasty.
I'm glad I was able to experience Revolution House again, as I probably would have never gone back if not for yelp!Despite the fact that this place is not for kids, I came here with one (no, seriously). My food was great, he loved everything they served him, in fact he said this was his favorite place of all. Even though the music was on a louder side, we enjoyed our dinner by the window.They get crafty with the bill and your tab will jump before you're eyes. Wait staff was rude as well. Ton of great places in a one block radius, all more worth your time and money. Skip this place.One of the few places in the city with ample outdoor seating. This old city gem combines good food with a great atmosphere. We came here on a sunny spring afternoon. Although it was very sunny out, it was still a little chilly, which made Revolution House's upstairs outdoor/indoor patio perfect. 
We came in just in time for 5 o'clock happy hour, which has discounted beer and $5 house wine. We all got a glass of wine and all agreed it was a good sized pour for the price. For food I got the quinoa salad and added spinach. The only gripe I had was that they charged me $3.25 for a couple sprigs of spinach, which I found kind of outrageous. 
Everyone else's food was pretty good and we all also nibbled on a margarita pizza (half price at happy hour). This is a place we'll definitely be returning to, especially as the weather warms up!I went with 5 girlfriends to the Revolution House restaurant week. It was 5 courses (so of course, me being a girl who appreciates quantity a tinnnyyyy bit more than quality) was really excited to try everything. We got the tater tots, with this really great white sauce that has a slight twinge of mustard which was absolutely delicious (we all remembered the white sauce at the end of the night). I got a quinoa salad (which was average), Bird's Nest (above average), and the ahi tuna entree. I gotta say that the ahi tuna was a little bit TOO well done. And this was both my tuna and my friends' tuna. It was okay - a little bit disappointed. But dessert was pretty amazing. I got the chocolate cake and another friend got the bread pudding. Both were awesome. The chocolate cake was more like a ganache, and the bread pudding was really moist and yummy. I don't even like bread pudding! 
The atmosphere is kinda dim and relaxed. There's cool revolution/Brittish/Old American decorations all over. A good place to relax and chill with friends if you're getting dinner or just grabbing a beer.Great decor+ Awesome vibe+ Amazing, genuine, over the top, the customer is always first service+ great weather+good friends= GREAT TIME! 
Great location right off of the Market and 2nd street stop.  It's also super spacious, and doesn't get too crowded, so it mistakenly might give off a vibe of being a mediocre location, but it truly is a great place to relax with friends.
The pizza here kicks ass. We ordered the pie right before the kitchen closed, but the waiter took the time to get the pizza right and it was one of the best pies I've had in Philly. Their waitstaff are super nice and have that great balance of knowing when to ask you if you need anything to leaving you be.The best part was that the interactions and conversation just flowed with them in such a genuine manner that I have not had with other waitstaff in such a long time. 
Also, if you check in on yelp, you get some cool check-in offers!We had brunch there because it is close the The Franklin Fountain. I had the eggs Paolo. Wow! The grilled prosciutto complemented the grilled peach, which looked like it came out of a jar, but that didn't bother me in the slightest. The house made bread was delicious.
The wait staff was attentive & friendly. We learned that they have a patio on the second floor. Maybe next time we'll sit out there to enjoy our food, with a view.
How often are house made tater tots on a menu? I had to try it, and it didn't disappoint. Yummy!
When I hear tater tots, I used to think of the ones that came with my school lunch from grade school. Well, no more!Had prosciutto pizza, artichoke, and American sandwich with bacon. All were quite good. The American sandwich was the best I've had in a while, juicy hamburger meat cooked to perfection with smokey flavor just to the point. Reveals raspberry and Cage Radler were nice summertime drinks too. Waiters worked very hard when there's a clear shortage on staff. Would recommend this place. Happy 4th!Good happy hour specials with nice staff and quick service! Squeezing in a quick dinner between work and a show at the Arden Theater just up the street, we gave our waitress our order while we were still getting settled on the stools. With 6 minutes to go of happy hour, we took advantage with a round of beers and a Margherita Flatbread which were on special and also ordered some of the famed Tater Tots (we clearly were not aiming for a healthy meal). I am a little embarrassed to say, but I think I prefer frozen tater tots as these had a curiously smooth texture, which we guessed was melted cheese on the inside. The Flatbread was really tasty with a nice thin crust and a nice balance of cheese, tomatoes, and basil.Long wait when there was only one other table in the place. Food was ok. Homemade flatbreads were very good though! And the food came out super hot which I love. Everything tasted very fresh. 
The bathrooms are so nice. The layout of the place is great!I've been here twice in a group and both times everything was spot on. The tots, sandwiches, and pizzas were all on point. I would also recommend it for a night out with some friends to just have some drinks and pickies. The decor is fun and the roof is great in the nice weather. The prices are also reasonable for the location. 
Worth a visit this season!I've heard so many good things about this place so we decided to give it a try. Worst service I have ever experienced, which is a shame because the food was delicious. We were seated right away, were not given menus, 20 minutes go by without anyone coming over to our table. I then asked the hostess for a menu thinking maybe that would make someone realize we we have just been sitting there, but no. Waited another 10 minutes and had to ask a bus boy if someone would be coming over to take our order. Our server, Antwon, was also the bartender and didn't seem to care about his tables or even apologize. Safe to say we won't be going back.Went there today waited a total of an hour and 15 minutes for our food. 45 minutes for a Caesar salad and another 15 minutes or so for two burgers. They did tell us that the chef left and the general manager was in the kitchen so I won't Bash them about it but it definitely wasn't worth the wait as the food was just OK. If they didn't have an outdoor seating patio I probably wouldn't of ever came here.Very limited menu when we went last Monday night. The worst waiter we've had in a long time. Inattentive and cold is how I'd describe him. The French onion soup is very good and pizza not so good. We had to wait forever for our check. When we walked out we found out why. Our waiter was busy on his phone and he looked up and didn't even say thank you or acknowledge us with a smile, nod or goodbye. There are too many better choices in Olde City to go back to the Revolution House.I went with a few friends, and this place was pretty good! We ordered the burger, rev hot dog, pizza, and cheesesteak. Typical american food, but we had a nice experience. I will definitely visit this place again, if I am ever in town.Revolution House Score: 13
Burger Quality: 3
Bun: 1
Fries: 3
Extras:  3
Value: 3
2 Sentence Review: The bun is a pita, not sure what else to say.  Like the outdoor area upstairs, staff is great
------------------------------------------- 
How does Burger Einstein's rating system work? 
- Burgers are rated across 5 categories (see below) 
- Category scores can range from 0 to 5, with 5 being "Outstanding".   
- Total score (out of 25) is determined.  Scores above 20 earn 5 Stars (rare), between 16 and 20 gets 4 stars and so on 
Burger Einstein Categories 
1. Burger Quality: Good meat or Bubba Burger? 
2. Bun: Does it compliment the burger or overwhelm it?   
3. Fries: Do I accept the guilt or compare them to my Ex 
4. Extras: Wild card.  Could range from Cheese to bourbon to atmosphere 
5. Value: Burger cost relative to smiles (heavily influenced by how much bourbon I drink)Love this place. Great beer selection and loved the Bloody  Mary's. The breakfast concoction is as good as the arugula pizzaloooooove the roof deck. wonderful space inside and out. food is very good, service kinda slow not ideal for lunch.I have a feeling they are a little understaffed and unorganized and lacked customer service... We arrived around 3:30pm on a Sunday party of 8, no worries we anticipated a little wait since we didn't have a reservation. They told us they weren't serving again until 4 and would call us as soon as the kitchen reopened. Cool no problems  We went to the roof top to grab some cocktails and relax while we wait. Several tables were left and never bussed. We figured they were just going to move two four tops together for us once they were cleaned. That never happened. They started seating people that came in after us when we asked why, they stated the people being seated before us had reservations. Ok, makes senses, until I overhead a person in a party seated before us state they didn't make one either! There was a large table with a party getting up to leave so we figured may be they're saving that table for us. Fifteen more minutes passed and the table was still a mess, no one had came to notify us, check on us or anything. After an hour wait, looking at open and unbused tables  we just gave up and went to Campos next store for cheese steaks.
My friend asked to speak with a manager as we were leaving, when she informed him of of our negative experience, he seemed preoccupied and unconcerned.
I'm pretty bummed because it seemed like a cool place, hand crafted cocktail, and a roof top. The cocktails were pretty good, but we had to wait a while for those at bar... and it wasn't crowded!! 
To sum it up, I was very disappointed with their service and lack of customer service recovery. Unimpressed, better placed to eat and drink in old city.Well, the service was cool, the bar tender is funny, the food was good I ordered tacos (which no longer will be on the menu) and can't wait to get some of the new items, the place is neat, great environment and weekend was packed,  when I wanted to say something I didn't like the manager understood and was cool, so I do recommend it!!Revolution House, as a building, has lots of character. The roof-top area is gorgeous and has a pretty nice view (there's also a busy intersection below, which results in lots of people screaming). The beer selection isn't bad, and the food portions are generous.
But the food itself is...just OK. I had to try the chicken parm flatbread sandwich, because, really...chicken parm sandwich sounds bonkers. The flatbread was so thin that it crumbled in my hand, and the chicken was kind of bland. The fries, though, were good, and the hoagie dip I got as a side was delicious in a disgusting way. In hindsight, I wish I would've gotten the pizza. 
Another big negative was the service. My server was friendly enough, but he was never there--he stopped in three times over the course of over two hours, and not from my lack of trying to flag him down. He and the other serving staff seemed more interested in waiting on larger parties. 
So, I'd visit here again the next time I'm in Philly, but it's not at the top of my "must revisit" list by any means.Cool atmosphere, good drinks but would not go back for meal.  They just started serving lunch, and we went with about 12 people.  Took almost an hour for our food, with incorrect burger toppings. Meal tasted good to all, but burgers and fish tacos shouldn't take an hour!   Many other choices in the area.This place has good happy hour specials and one of the best rooftop dining areas in the city. It was perfect for watching fireworks this summer.
But then again, it's in olde city and doesn't seem to try very hard. Service is generally pretty good, but can be spotty. Food is decent but uninspired. Drink list is usually pretty good for olde city. Decent overall!Great architecture & friendly, attentive service. Food was delicious. Brick oven pizza = almost 2 Amys quality. (Bathrooms in the basement are very well designed, be sure to see them!) Avoid the Quinoa salad, its less of a salad and more of a bowl of grains.This place was definitely different from what I was expecting. After a recent stay at the Penn's View Hotel, me and my boyfriend decided to go for some dinner as it was suggested in the hotels restaurant book. I was expecting casual but kind of got more of a hipster feel? The menu was small and not really anything me or my boyfriend typically order. It was awkward because I was expecting 'bar food' but it was definitely upper class bar food. Anyway, we were already sitting down and decided to make the best of it. I got the crab cannoli which I was not impressed with at all, it just tasted really bad and ugh, just bad. My boyfriend got fries though which were really good and the mac and cheese which was also excellent. Then we both got the tri-tip cheese steak because it was about the only thing left on the menu I would order. Let me say that when it came out I wanted to laugh a little, it was in a pita with a tossed salad on the side. Definitely not traditional philly but I have to say it was the best cheese steak I've ever had. Like ever. I loved it so much I called my mom and told her and I brought it home so my roommate could try it. I didn't stop talking about it the whole weekend to all my other friends and if I ever found myself in that part of town again I would go there solely for the cheese steak. Please please please do yourself a favor and get the cheese steak. Please, you wont regret it I promise.I have been there twice so far, but will not go there again. Great cocktails, O.K. food. However, what put me off was their terrible customer service. No one came ask orders even though we asked them twice. The lady at the front door who was meant to take orders/get tables for the customers did not do her job at all. She instead was eating something just in front of the main door...unbelievable.The environment is really cool the vintage industrial feel with amazing food and really cool signature drink selection.Revolution House is a gem in Old City. I've been here several times, and the food is always delicious, the servers are attentive, and it's got a great chill vibe. It's my absolute go-to whenever I want to go out for a casual dinner. I'm really looking forward to going to happy hour here in the summer on the roof deck. Try the pizzas. They're all amazing! They also have a great brunch menu.Had a really nice experience the other night for dinner. One of the few places in the area that weren't super crappy and did not have a wait. Although they wanted to sit us at a tiny table near the bathroom, we asked too sit at a booth and they put us there without trouble. I don't know why we had to ask.
The service was really good. Very personable and attentive, especially when considering how busy it was. We ordered a couple of appetizers, the tater tots and the crab corn fritters. Both were excellent, especially the tots! They were like fried mashed potato balls and came out super hot. Had to wait for them to cool down a bit. Served with a mustard mayo sauce that was also good.
I had a brisket sandwich which was excellent and served on an interesting roll. It was thin and soft and reminiscent of a pita but a little bit different. Also a very tasty and slightly spicy red cabbage slaw accompanied the sandwich with large chunks of cabbage. I put some slaw on the sandwich and finished the rest with a fork. The sandwich was a bit sloppy, but very delicious. I was happy with my choice. The wife got the lobster pot pie which was more like a lobster stew with a puff pastry. She liked it. 
They had a few dinner specials too, so make sure to ask for them if they don't tell you about them. Also had a decent draft beer selection including some interesting things that I didn't try, but will next time, like this vanilla cream ale thingy.I have been there 10+ times and am surprised how low rated it is and how little press it gets. Staff isn't the friendliest but that is minor. Food and ambiance is excellent. The tri tip cheesesteak  has awesome flavor, pizzas are excellent, happy hour has some cheap deals and 2nd story patio is awesome.Was here on Saturday afternoon after walking around town wanted a quick bite to eat and this place had no wait time and roof top seating. The inside is very nice but the rooftop deck on a beautiful day sealed this choice. The people were very friendly and our waitress was very attentive  So now to the food its a typical burger, pizza and sandwich place. My son had the chicken parm burger which I grabbed a bite and was very tasty. I had the gyro in which was a boring choice but that's on me not the place. My wife had cheesesteak egg rolls from the small plate selection, I also grabbed a bite of that and they were very tasty. We order the buffalo chicken dip and that came with soft warm pita strips the dip was very spicy, that's a plus for me. Overall I would give this place 3.5 stars but if a larger selection and probably would of rated it higher if I wasn't disappointed with my selection.Has a great time with family visiting from out of town.  Homemade tater tots were unbelievable   We enjoyed the chicken and pineapple sandwich, grilled cheese , fish tacos.... service was friendly.  Our second time here.  Will returnStopped in here for a beverage while walking around Old City on a sunny Saturday afternoon.  Our bartender was pleasant and chatty, but she had no idea how to make the drink that I ordered from their specialty drink menu.  I was a little put off by this, but it ended up being decent once she figured it out...
Nice atmosphere, but surprisingly quiet for the lunch hour.  I've heard the upstairs is nice and good for people watching, so I may have to check that out if I return to sample some of their food offerings.Food was mediocre.  Roof deck was really cool.  So if you don't have high food expectations....(not sure who this would be in a city like Philly).... Then go grab some drinks, some sub par food and watch the wild mix of tourists and trendy people bump into each other at 2nd & Market in Olde City.Great Brunch. This is our go - to brunch spot in the city we always enjoy it. The fritattas of the day are usually creative and tasty, the fancy pancakes are huge sugary concoctions that send me into a sugar rush from mountains of whipped cream and strawberries. The burgers and sanwhiches are also really good and come with great shoestring fries.Just went for drinks. The bartender was cool and made a great "I love the taste of napalm in the morning". Cool place. I'd go backThis was my Third time visiting and will be my last.
My family from Europe was visiting on their very 1st day (November 20th) so we decided to give this place one last try only because of the proximity from my house.
First thing, when we walked in trying to get a little bite at 9:15 pm after coming from the airport, we asked the hostess if they were still serving. She gave us a look as if we were crazy to "disturb" her that late. She replied "Well, I'll ask my manager", who was just right there by the bar. Next thing she did was taking the menus and taking us back to seat down with an unwelcoming attitude. (I almost left but we had guests). If I were the manager, she would be unemployed right now, and if I was the owner, both of them (as a Manager, he didn't do his job)
From there, the service was less than good. Our feelings were that nobody wants to be working here.
So now here comes the food, we ordered a vegetarian and Margherita pizza, both which came out raw. The only thing we liked was the lentil soup, that's the only reason I gave it 2 stars...
And just one more thing... when my family left and we took them to the airport, they told us "What a great trip and city!!... except for the first night at the Pizza place!!!"Super unprofessional employees. Just called to place an order for pick up and got the run around. Im not even sure if the guy who answered the phone worked there. He said he had to check if they were taking orders for pick up. Isnt this something that should be communicated to all employees prior to their shift? Im guessing it's a fairly normal question for a RESTAURANT. When i started giving him my order i heard him yelling at someone (other employees? Patrons? Your guess is as good as mine) saying 'guys! Shut up im trying to get her order and i cant hear with you guys yelling' and then i had to repeat my order. Ill be honest, it will be a miracle if i actually get what i ordered.Revolution house has the best roof deck in Old City - no contest.   I believe it's even covered when it's cold outside, but I have never ventured to check during sub-optimal weather.  
The decor inside of the restaurant is super cool.  I wouldn't mind having my house decorated by the same person who designed this place.  See-through steps, interesting vintage chandeliers, other vintage accessories, uptairs bar light made of empty glass bottles - even the brick pizza oven is stylish.  All in all, it's a really cozy place to eat or drink.  
There are bars both upstairs and downstairs, so you can usually get a seat, unless it's first friday - don't even bother trying that night.
The waitstaff has never particularly impressed me, so that's why a star is missing.  The bartenders are usually good though.
As for the food, I've tried only a few items aside from the pizza.  They make a great beet salad.  The pizza is pretty delicious.  Last time I ordered the margharita and it was fantastic.  A good amount of sauce (I love sauce) which was slightly sweet, the perfect amount of cheese, and crust that was crisp on the bottom with a doughy crust edge. 
Yum, I'm a fan.Now that Triumph is apparently gone from Old City, I have to say that Revolution House has stepped up into the empty role of "My favorite happy hour in Old City."  We love this bar!  5-7 every day of the week, many 1/2 price beers, a specialty $6 cocktail, and 1/2 price margherita pizzas... which you just MUST have.  They are unbelievable.  Bartenders are always fun and friendly, and the pizza guy is a legit artist.  The upstairs patio is just lovely.  Took my family here as a stop on my last birthday bar-hopping extravaganza, and we had so much fun there that we stopped in twice!  They also have some great beer events now and again, and feature nice craft beers, often local and unique.  That's it, I am pining for them... we'll have to stop in tomorrow!!Our server was sweet and attentive.
The Pizza was delicious.  We had the Ricotta and Smoked Mozzarella.
The Atmosphere and decor was beautiful.  Way to go on that!
Buuuuut, the Menu items were deplorable.  Shrimp skewers - chewy shrimp, no flavor.  I have never in my life used a salt shaker at a restaurant ... I did here.  The artichoke needed lemon something ridiculous.  And my rice was undercooked and flavorless.
(in fact the table next to us asked how our pizza was bc they were so disappointed with their meal.  We offered her a slice to redeem her dinner.  She agreed that if you're going to RH, you're eating pizza.)Cool looking restaurant. Sat upstairs on the outdoor patio on a gorgeous evening and had a lovely view of the iconic Market Street sign. Service was prompt. Only complaint was the buffalo chicken pizza. I've ordered this many places and it usually has individual, boneless chunks of chicken and some type of buffalo sauce. It seems all they do here is dump their buffalo chicken dip on top of the pizza. It was ok, but not really what I was expecting.Just to let everyone, KNOW, when you buy a fresh slice of pizza at the Revalution Diner early in the afternoon, IT'S NOT!!!
    The manager saves the pizza from the night before and sells  it to his customers like it was fresh out of oven.
   if someone goes to Revalution Diner soon and is unlucky to get that fresh slice,  take a pic. and post it.
    I need a good laugh.I had a great experience at this restaurant, my girlfriend and I walked in and asked for a table at the outdoor patio upstairs. They said it would be a half hour wait, it ended up being only about 20 minutes. We got seated and our server was very attentive, we got drinks right away and our appetizer. My margarita pizza was superb, only downside was that my girlfriend got a cheeseburger and the one end of the bun was burnt. I recommend this place and would gladly go back.this is an absolute fave restaurant and my boyfriend's and my go-to! everything I've tried from apps to sandwiches to cocktails has been amazing. generous portions, good service and prices aren't too bad.
went tonight with a friend who had never been! we ordered buffalo chicken dip and a margherita pizza, but you really can't go wrong at rev houseWent with my wife on a nice Wed. night to sit out on the 2nd floor deck.  She ordered a salad and a pizza; i had the lasagna cupcake & meatball sandwich and a beer.  Less than 5 min. after order taken, the Pizza comes out - no plates, no beer yet.  Server says the Pizza station is seperate from rest of kitchen & makes them as they get the order.  Besides the fact that he shouldn't have put the order in until after we got the salad, the pizza was lukewarm, soggy & tasteless.  We asked if it could go back in the oven to heat up and get crispy, but no, not possible and the pizza is European style, which is soggy.  Really??!!
Rest of food comes out 15 min. later & goes to wrong table - fortunately I snag runner down as lasagna is already lukewarm.  Interesting idea, not executed well.  Salad was v. good; meatball sandwich was good.  Overall, I might go back for a beer or 2 on the deck, but go somewhere else to eat.I enjoyed myself immensely here. I was seated outside and the waiter gave us enough time to figure out our order without harassing us to hurry. When we ordered it took about 15-20 minutes until we got our food. When it arrived it looked delicious. I ordered the chi-cheese steak with bacon. It was awesome. I would definitely come back.
Shout out to the server Ryan! You're awesome!Bartender is so rude and pretends to make drinks that he doesn't know how to make then rude when he finally gives it to you. Never wrote a bad review until nowI had dinner here one night while in Philadelphia on a business trip.  We happened to walk in, the night we arrived in town, we were both starving and totally ready for some good, simple filling food.  This place definitely fit the bill.  I got a burger, and he got a steak sandwich.  He ended up being very jealous of my burger.  The flavor of the meat was just incredible.  We sat at the bar and had a couple of beers, they had a good selection.  We also got the house made tater tots, which were delicious.  What I presume was the owner of the place ended up talking to us for a few minutes, and told us that they butcher their own meat, which I appreciated.  Overall, we got good service, good food, and good beer.  Not the best food I ate in Philly, but pretty darn good.Revolution house is an adorable addition to the Old City bar scene. It has two levels, where the second level has a large outdoor patio. It is a very cute deck with beautiful greenery fitting right in the old city classic vibe. 
The service isn't spectacular but their food is usually good and they have a nice variety on the menu. The most recent visit we sat outside in about 70 degree weather. The problem was they brought both our appetizer and pizza out at the same time. So within 10min of munching on the buffalo chicken dip, the pizza was cold. Merp. 
However even cold the mixed mushroom pizza with white truffle oil was quite good. Thin crust with excellent toppings. The buffalo chicken dip came with fresh chewy pita bread which was a perfect accompaniment.How do you write a review recovering from food poisoning from their Chicken Tempura salad.  It tasted fine when eating but I should have been suspicious when I noticed that some pieces of chicken were not white in the center.  I had nothing else and not even a drink except water. Other than everything else being mediocre we will not be going back.This review is for the atmosphere, light bites and bar upstairs. 
The service was incredible. My bartender Deanna was top notch. She crafted me cocktails that were high end and she paid attention to every detail. Watching her make my cocktail allowed me to have much more respect for bartenders. She was attentive and prompt which is two characteristics of a great bartender.
The atmosphere upstairs is sultry but casual. The decor is high end but has a comforting feel. The light bites provided were full of flavor- this is great to see from a bar with typical American flair.
I will definitely be returning here in the future to sit outside on the roof deck.