I'm a reasonable person.  I realize that on a rainy Sunday afternoon the delivery time for a place like this will be longer than usual, but how is it that THEY do not grasp this concept?  First, given they knew it was exceptionally busy, they probably should have mentioned that it may take longer to receive my food than usual when I placed my order.  Second, when I call after an hour and a half of waiting they should not respond "You're food is done, it's all ready, we're just waiting for the delivery guy to come back.".  Uhmmm...so my food (pizza, salad, wings) has been cooked and sitting around under a heat lamp or something for over an hour?  Yeah, that really makes me want to wait for your delivery guy to come back, pick it up, and then bring it all the way to me? Thanks, but I'll pass.  Next, HIRE A COMPETENT DELIVERY PERSON! If you are directionally challenged, you should not go into the delivery business- my address is not even close to complicated yet he needed to call me for directions 3 times (it's a city, kid, it's on a grid...).  Overall the food itself was okay.   I've had pizza here before and have liked it, this time the food was cold...so it was difficult to really give it a thumbs up, but in the past I've enjoyed it.  Caesar salad is pretty good (lots of parm cheese, just the way I like it), Greek salad is good (even had olives, eggs, and stuffed grape leaves!), pizzas are pretty good (and very reasonably priced), wings are actually spicy (fire wings are not for "yeah, I like wings" people- crazy hot!).  So my suggestion is not to abandon this place permanently, just skip the delivery and eat in.If you have cash on hand though this place is a must to go because of the $1.00 cheese pizza slice, which is a great deal (Monday-Thursday, 5-7 pm; I tend to want it on Fridays though, go figure). The slice tastes like, well like a cheese slice but a delicious cheese slice. They're also incredibly greasy and eating more than two will lead to bowel pains. You're probably fat if you can eat more than two anyway. Their cheese steaks are surprisingly delicious, albeit small compared to other places I've been to. Their fries are pretty good too. However, there is a $10 minimum to use a card, which always leads to me having more food than I need and then I'm left lugging around a 2-liter bottle of Coca-Cola like an idiot. I'd complain less if it was Dr. Pepper or even Diet Dr. Pepper but alas, such is not the case.
The guy who runs the place fits the stereotype of Italian American, but I live for cartoonish stereotypes so it's all good. He's nice regardless of his lack of volume control. TVs facing both directions have sports (or news) playing and the place is pretty quiet whenever I go there; probably because I go there fairly late at night.
Despite the food being enjoyable, I don't find myself frequenting this place very often. As previously mentioned, $10 minimum to use a card? Shenanigans! I never want that much food, especially considering the only reason I ever go here is because I need something small to keep me from eating my fingers when I'm studying nearby. So more often than not, I end up walking in the other direction to Jake's because they don't have card spending limits. I really need to get in the habit of carrying cash. Just in case someone tries to mug me, and I don't piss off my mugger for not having anything mug-worthy... But that's neither here nor there.Got a small pizza and a fry and only coast me 10 bucks I thought that was a good deal, the pizza was very good a nice thin crust and crispy thin crust. Wry convenient little spot in center city I'll be coming back for sure and suggest it to anyone whose in this area for a quick bite to eatThe pizza was among the best I've ever had.
I also had Philly Steak Fries,  which I thoroughly enjoyed as well. 
On top of all that, they were at my hotel in less than 20 minutes.
I will recommend this to everyone in Philadelphia.Monday-Thursday 5-7 there is a happy hour for 1 slice of pizza for $1 (this is without tax and any topping) I just got the regular cheese pizza and it was definitely filling! It's not the best pizza in the world but for a hungry graduate student $1 pizaa = happiness! The size is really big as well so definitely stop by to try out their pizza during their happy hour!Currently waiting for a delivery from this establishment, and they're an hour and 15 minutes late. Grubhub just had to reimburse us $20 for the trouble (NOT this restaurant- lucky bastards). Do not order from this restaurant.I've started coming to Rex's for lunch with my coworker. We usually get the wing dings and something to drink with our meal. 
The wing dings are pretty good. The chicken just falls off of the bone and its crispy and crunchy on the outside. The platter comes with hot sauce and bbq sauce. I usually also ask for ketchup packets too. 
The service is a bit slow for our hour lunches. The restaurant is fairly clean and has a good amount of seating. It's a very casual feel.How anyone rated this above a single star is beyond me. The service was beyond slow. The pizza was disgusting: the sauce was like ketchup and the crust was thin, undercooked, and tasted like stale bread. The burger was average at best and they forgot the cheese and bacon (which I paid for). Two burgers, a small pizza, and two beers set me back $36. I will never come back here. I suggest you don't even stop here in a pinch.Sigh.
Your food was actually good.  Like, I'd definitely order from you again good if you hadn't frustrated me so with your delivery. 
I had placed an order through grubhub, delivery driver didn't leave the restaurant until 5 minutes after my expected delivery time, then he got lost/confused (the woman said he was a new driver) had to return to the restaurant and pass my food off to another delivery driver who also got slightly lost (I could see him standing across the street when he said he was outside).  When the delivery driver finally got to me, he did apologize profusely, as did the woman from the restaurant who called me about ten minutes later to make sure I had my food.  I appreciated that they both made the effort to apologize and that did make me a little less frustrated but after all was said and done, my food was well over an hour late (and I was REALLY hungry that night).  Thankfully, grubhub reimbursed me some money for my frustrations.
I wish that Rex would take a look at their Yelp page and see that almost everyone else has said the same thing (decent food, crappy delivery) and maybe make some changes to how they deliver their food.  They could have been 4 stars and my go-to for pizza delivery, but instead they're 1 star.Just ordered pizza off yelp for REX's it was so yummy half pepperoni and half bacon, it was a huge snowstorm and we didnt mind being snowed it with this #foodpornTypical Philly hole in the wall that I come to expect.  Great food, low ambiance, and good prices.  
The hotel desk said that their Philly Cheese Steak was the best in town...I was truly impressed: foot long, great tasted, crunchy wonderful yummy bread, but now the roof of my mouth is raw (as it should be after great bread!).
We also had chicken, fries, and onion rings.  The chicken was very good.3 stars only because I haven't tried the entire menu. I'm a wing girl and their wings are really amazing! The service is also pleasant and a bit humorous as they enjoy their job. I wouldn't go for the broccoli bites as they're frozen and then refried. When I got them I could taste that frozen food taste. Love that they have their alcoholic beverage license so you can grab a beer on the go and their pizza slices are really good tooI came here for a quick bite to eat. They have cold beers if you want to take some to go, around $3.50 a beer. I got the buffalo chicken cheesesteak. It was really spicy for some reason. I love spicy food but it was like too much. There was no cheese on it or maybe it was too little I couldn't tell. It was average but they were quick to make it so if you're in a hurry this place is fast. The food itself was average or maybe I need to try other things on their menu but I probably won't be back.Believe it or not I am pleasantly surprised in a good way by Rex's Pizza.  If you go from 5-7 PM Mon - Thurs you can get $1.00 slices and $2.50 beers.  My little daughter loves happy hour here - the slices not the beers!
I also got a tuna melt and a slice of Baklava to go one time.  The melt was really good.  Hot & fresh on rye bread.    The baklava was little dry.  I wouldn't get it again.
Meanwhile, this place is a little run-down and old-school (with plastic swivel chairs and orange booths.  But it's on our way from school to home - so for $1.00?  Ya can't beat it.  (Regular price $2.10 for a plain jumbo slice.)
Not sure how they are for take out - but i do know they have delivered MANy pizza's to my little one's old day care.  Every Wednesday was Rex pizza for lunch.
Oh - and the owner (maybe manager) guy is really nice.  And kinda cute - but he probably thinks I am waaaaay old.The food is good - solid pizza and terrific curly fries, and the double chocolate cake is outstanding.  But I don't think we'll be ordering from here again.  I've tried 4x now and each time it has taken well over an hour.  Once it took 2 hours.   Last night I ordered at 6:45 and the delivery guy showed up at 8 pm...except he went to the wrong address and it took another 10 minutes after that to drive around the corner.  Our food was stone cold when it arrived.  It's just not worth i, although if we're in the neighborhood we'll stop by.70 min wait after quoted an 20 minutes and then pasta was cold and philly cheese steak sandwich was DISGUSTING. What a total waste of money. Salad was like they dumped the crouton crumbs on the lettuce. I called to complain and the girl who answered was so rude. She took my phone number and said the manager would call me back. He never did. Very disappointed. Don't waste your time going here. Go to Jacks or many other options!Placed an order online and never received it after two hours I called to see what's going on, the lady who answered stated we don't deliver to you, I corrected her and explained they have delivered here before, then I was told they didn't have their delivery person.  Point is why wouldn't we get a call about our order instead just leaving it alone and taking our money.  That is stealing if we pay for something and not receive it nor any follow up on it to give us an update but no just take the money and we get nothing.  Best part is it's not their problem and if we want we can call Grubhub and complain to them. Never again will we order from here and we'll make sure our friends and family don't either.  So unprofessional$1/slice happy hour, yes ma'am!
Thin crust, sauce is well seasoned, evenly spread cheese, wide variety of toppings, fast service...maybe not with a smile, but I'll take it... and nicely priced.
Greasy, but disgustingly good greasy, NOT inedible, "I feel like death" greasy. A few extra napkins and I'm good to go.
Def coming back.This place has an amazing deal when it comes to being a poor college student.
I got a small pizza, six wings and a soda for only $9.99, i also splurged and got a slice of carrot cake (which was delicious). I placed in order in the early afternoon to receive at 6:45 and what do you know, that's EXACTLY when they got here. The pizza was delicious but I would recommend asking for extra sauce, and I got teriyaki wings and they were fantastic. Thumbs up for this place! Will be ordering again.I work around the corner from here so I go here for lunch every once in a while. The pizza is pretty decent, and I've tried fries and salad as well. The food is all pretty average - you get what you pay for, basically. The service is just so slow. I always feel like I waste my entire lunch break waiting for my food instead of eating it.This place is a great spot for pizza. The happy hour specials for pizza are great.Definitely was not expecting much but the pizza itself is decent, with a thin crispy, robust, slightly spicy sauce, and the perfect amount of cheese.  And it's only about $10.50 for a large.  It did take over an hour for delivery, but the worker on the phone was very nice and helpful.i'm a carnivore. so any burger joint is a-ok for me! this place is family owned i believe. it is small and has small booths to sit in and enjoy some greasy food.
i have popped in here for lunch when i feel i need a dose of beef. their cheeseburgers are juicy and the cheese is white. the fries are ok. the prices are a bit steep for a cheeseburger, but i suspect it is due to their location. 
the place is not quiet. delivery people are dropping by to pick up orders. there are about 4 cooks frying up stuff in the back. 
this place is one step up from a fast food joint, but it is about the same quality.
but like a true carnivore, i chomped chomped my burger. herbivores beware of this place!We were staying in a hotel near Central City and needed to find a good pizza place that delivered. Hotel staff recommended Rex Pizza and rightly so! Huge menu but we stuck to pizza and "breadsticks". The jumbo pizza with extra cheese was Awesome! Thin crust had a little chewiness like New York style pizza, sauce had great flavor and was in good proportion to the crust and cheese. The "breadsticks" we're actually strips of crust so not what we expected. They delivered to the lobby and it was nice and warm with 8 huge slices. Reasonably priced. Definitely would get it again.I would give a 0 stars to this place if i could.  
1) It took them 1 hour to deliver my food
2) The delivery man would not get out of the damn car to deliver my food because he was double parked
3) I ordered a vegetarian wrap--it had sausage in it.  HELLO??
Screw this place, freals.Eating average food and a warm beer.. Yeah.  Not very friendly and the service is.....interesting?  There are a lot of other better options around!  My friend had a milk shake that was not that good.  No reason to go back.  Only positive thing as it is located very close to my hotel, but trust me just walk a little further and you will be much happier. 
My "philly cheese steak deluxe came with feud and slaw l.  Fry's were good and hot, sandwich was luke warm and ok.  
Slaw tasted off.  Beer was room temp.Not sure why people are so negative--This place is what it is. A funky, somewhat hole-in-the-wall local pizzeria. What do you expect in terms of quality when you're getting a slice of pizza bigger than your head for $1? Pizza is decent, cheesesteaks as well. If you want something fancier, can't blame you, but don't blame this place for being blue collar.DONT ORDER THE REX SPECIAL PIZZA. 
described as 'a little bit of everything' i just went for it and got a pizza with broccoli, olives, spinach, pepperoni, onions, and idk what else. The pizza was beyond soggy, really salty, and almost inedible. Seemed like they were getting rid of leftoversCalzone had a ridiculous amount of garlic....I ordered waffle fries with mozzarella and got regular fries instead.  Overall I'd say order from one of the many other pizza places in Philadelphia and don't waste your money.Eh. A pretty decent BLT, but it took like 20 minutes to make. The pizza is fine, a little expensive for what it is, but passable. They do sell beer, for whomever wants a lunch break beverage. 
It's fine, for a little midday grease, but the food trucks in the area are generally better.Went in at 10.15am today on a monday, ordered 1 slice, you would think id at least get a warm slice that was cooked in the last hour being that it was 10.15 am,nope, i waited 10 min and they got my slice out of the oven,i took one bite and it was awful and i mean awful, no taste of sauce or cheese, the crust was soft and chewy, like it wasnt cooked enough or left over from the day before, i was hungry so i pulled it apart trying to get one tasty piece but no luck, the owner stands at the counter and texts on his phone the entire time and the employees looked mad cause he was constantly in there way, ive eaten probably 5000 pizza slices in my lifetime, and this one was the worst ive ever had, threw 80% of the slice away,and had the worst taste in my mouth all day, its a shame, cause there are many new buildings being built all around this place and that means LOTS of hungry construction workers, i will spread the word, DONT EAT HERE!!! YOU WILL LEAVE DISAPPIONTEDI called in and ordered a slice of pepperoni pizza with jalapeños - I was staying at the Sheraton, across the street - I wanted my slice to be hot and ready upon arrival. When I got there, I paid for the slice with cash. I took a bite at the register. The bite was amazing. I complimented the pizza and the guy at the register - the manager on duty, Jimmy. After a 30 minute dough talk, he offered to walk me back to my room... I haven't left Philly since and I haven't stopped ordering. REX THE BEST!!!Great lunchtime spot in the city. I usually just get a slice-- it's huge! One slice goes a long wayThe food is delicious; love the mozzarella sticks, wings, and pizza. And the service, both in house and delivery, is awesome. Everyone is so nice and accommodating. 
My delivery came in 45 minutes and the food was piping hot and not soggy. The delivery guy was super nice. They got my order 100% right, even the sauce substitution I requested.The pizza here is pretty good, and if you come for the pizza happy hour from Monday - Thursday from 5-7pm, their large cheese slices are only $1 (and most other toppings are $1.75). The slices here are huge, and surprisingly 1 usually fills me up. I've had both the cheese and the mixed vegetable, and I thought both of them were great.Okay so this place has great everything but pizza. Their pizza tastes like oil on cardboard. I would not recommend the pizza, which is misleading because pizza is in their name. They do however, have fantastic everything else. 
Rex Pizzas chicken fingers are bomb. So are their chocolate milkshakes. I would definitely recommend these. My boyfriend loves the Philly cheesesteak with all the toppings from this place. That thing is big, like a small submarine. They have very flavorful wings and their french fries are just the right amount of crunch to soft ratio. 
The service is friendly, if a little slow. If you do decide to order a milkshake be prepared to wait at least ten to fifteen minutes for it. 
All in all I would recommend if you're looking for good fried food at a low price.Customer service is everything in my book. Pizza look very good, but if I can't be greeted with a smile or hello, not need for me to spend my money here.The pizza was really tasty, I had to deduct 2 stars though because I ordered a tomato pie which is vegan friendly for a coworker and the pizza they delivered had cheese underneath the sauce. Unbeknownst to him he took a pretty big bite, Rex's replaced the pie for free and gave us a free side. I still think it's weird that the pie had cheese under the sauce, I've never seen that on anything but a Chicago pizza almost seemed like they made a mistake and decided it was too much trouble to start again from scratch.Stopped in here yesterday to grab some slices since it was down the street from a training I attended. I've had the pizza here once before at a work lunch and while it wasn't my favorite, I remembered it being decent. I went with a pepperoni and a plain slice.. the slices were huge but extremely greasy and very doughy. Even though I was hungry, I couldn't even force myself to finish one slice. It was that bad. Lots of people mentioned the $1 happy hour slices.. maybe this pizza would be more appetizing after a few drinks? I still don't think I'd want to waste another $1 here.I ordered at 5:33PM. it is currently 7:10PM. Still no food. I called at 6:51 and they said the delivery was out and that it should be 5 minutes. Never ordering again.The folks were friendly and the food was good.  Reasonable price for a sandwich so big I could only eat half. I'm from St. Louis and it was close to the hotelCalled in an order a few weeks ago and hopped on over to pick it up. It was ready when it was supposed to be - that was a plus. Once we got there we saw they had a happy hour special for $1 slices - wish I had known about that at first. Anyway, ordered a slice, but they didn't have any ready. Like they weren't expecting people to order it? Pizza slice was large and tasty, as was the calzone and mozz sticks that were ordered. Customer service was just OK. Not a ton of places in the immediate area, so it was nice to find this place so close to the office. 
Prices were very reasonable and food was better than average. Large menu, so many things to try over the coming months on the return trips. Didn't love the atmosphere inside, so will likely continue order to go. They also deliver.Went there last night with a coworker. 
His Calzone was served with a dead cockroach ON HIS PLATE. 
Waitress told us " well the chef can't see very well" 
No kidding......refund and run!Well Rex...I gave you three tries.  I know your pizza is greasy and crappy and only worth a buck (happy hour price god forbid you pay the 2.50). I also know  I'm in a hurry - I have a Dragon Bus to catch.  So when I say "cold", "no oven" or "don't heat it up"...and it goes into the oven in front of my very eyes THREE times in a row (on separate occasions) I have nothing short of a "WTF" to ponder.  So I thought a little about it, and it seems to me that no one (front to back staff, including the loud mouthed owner) gives a shit about me or their product or their service.  So, I, in kind will return the "I could give a shit about you".  Nevermore (as the raven would say).
PS.  The last slice got "bagged" to go...and  consequently stapled to the plate.  Just yelpin'.Tasty pizza if you're looking for a good pie. Right next to mole street, like the rodent.Every monday-thurs from 5-7 PM there is a happy hour special on selected beers and also $1 for a slice of cheese pizza. Maximum of 2 slices per person. If you want toppings on your slice, it will cost a bit more. The slices are pretty big. I am usually full off one slice. If I want to over indulge and be a bit uncomfortable in the waist, then I will buy two. Don't expect amazing taste, after all, its only $1. But if you are craving pizza and on a budget, these will do! When I was taking classes in center city last year, I ate here at least twice a week because it was so cheap and so convenient. I have never had a problem ordering my pizza in the store. They take about 5-10 min to heat up your slice. No major issues here. What are you waiting for? Go check it out for yourself. Its inexpensive enough to try at least once!I was super excited to try the ravioli pizza with broccoli bites and i ordered a ginger ale. an hour later, i was met with a burned pie of pizza with barely any cheese, a completely cold food order, and a mountain dew. i was very disappointed.Speedy, extra helpful with my huge order and the food was AWESOME.  A definitely repeat!!!Nestled between Drexel University's Center City Campus and the Love park area is a small pizzeria by the name of Rex Style Pizza & Restaurant. Craving a simple slice of pizza (or three) after work, I decided to take a chance on this nearby pizzeria, even if I felt like I was cheating on Jake's.
Entering the establishment, I noticed it was quiet, clean, and had a homey feel. Definitely someplace I could definitely see myself coming for a quick bite with some friends before going out. Unfortunately, this pizzeria does not have a display with the types of slices that are readily available. On second thought, that could be a good thing since oftentimes, you see cold, old, and dreary slices sitting in those displays. After asking the lady at the counter - I found out that they do indeed sell pizzas by the slice (phew!).
I ordered a regular cheese slice and being the glutton that I am and in my never-ending quest for a decent Philly cheese steak in Philadelphia, I ordered a cheese steak. My order was under $10 however, so the lady informed me that she needed to add a $0.50 surcharge. Feeling nickel and dime'd - I decided to go overboard and get an additional small order of fries (so glad I did!.
Philly Beef Steak ($6.50) 
This was a hefty sized cheese steak and it looked like it had a lot of promise. Unfortunately, the meat was a tad on the dry side and was not well seasoned. The onions were nicely grilled, but the provolone cheese was clearly lacking in this steak sandwich. Philly ... why do you disappoint me so?
Cheese Slice ($2.50)
A bit on the pricey side for a simple cheese slice. This pizza slice had a nice thin crust - however, the dough was not sufficiently seasoned. There was an extremely minimal amount of mozzarella on top which didn't have a necessarily fresh taste and there was definitely a dearth of sauce underneath the thin layer of cheese. Disappointing to say the least. 
French Fries ($1.99)
Rex for the win! These fries completely redeemed this pizza joint. The small order was plentiful and more importantly the fries were so crispy and light. The innards were perfectly creamy. Thankfully, they were not overly salted (if at all).
Overall, Rex Style Pizza was disappointing - however the fries are perfect. For $2 and its relatively close proximity - I'll be back with the GF for many orders. Remember to bring cash if your order is under $10! FYI - they do have an ATM inside.Um....potato skins/ boat was a large potato with several full slices of bacon included on the side...clearly not what was shown in the menu photos. My colleague said the garlic bread was very good.While in town visiting friends we stopped by because the location was convenient. Turns out we discovered a gem. We loved the cheesesteaks and pizza. Staff was very nice and efficient. I'll visit again and my friends said Rex's will be a permanent fixture for them moving forward.Discusting take out food would never eat there again fettucini with chicken and broccoli new on menu was dry  and discusting used the microwave to heat everything up had to tell them three times no sauce on spaghetti not a good place to eatBeer stop on the way back to the hotel...I didn't eat any food, but they had cold beer close to the hotel. that's great for me!A friend and I decided to grab some pizza for lunch while we were studying at Hahnemann. I ran over to get it, since it was just a block away. The interior of this place is so 1990's: orange plastic booths, ugly brown tile floor. Definitely needs a remod. 
I was annoyed that they have a $10 minimum for credit cards, so I was forced to buy a can of pop (soda, for you east coasters) to push our slices over the limit. And while I was waiting, a man behind the counter was literally yelling at someone on the phone. Can't you go in the back and take care of that? Geeze. 
The cheese slices we got were huuuuuge and came out quickly! But they were also very greasy and the crust was super dry. I definitely won't choose to come back here, but if I'm dragged with study partners again if I hope I have enough cash.Phenomenal pizza!!!! The slices are huge and add some Parmesan cheese and garlic, OMG delicious!!! And the prices aren't high at all. But the reason it didn't get 5 stars is because of one of the employees, this older Caucasian lady...she is very rude, hates her job, and starts little arguments with the black girl that works there. The couple times I've gone there she was full of unnecessary attitude and was giving out the wrong food, fire her and you guys would be absolutely wonderful!!Good in a bind, neighborhood spot but definitely needs to up their quality. They stopped using Amoroso rolls a while back sadly if my memory is correct. Friendly staff though.I do not plan to return to Rex's after my first and only visit. I went with two friends on a Saturday afternoon and each part of our order was sub-par despite us being some of the only customers. It took 25 minutes to get a buffalo chicken sandwich and poutine. The sandwich was made wrong (grilled instead of fried) and the fries were stiff, which is even more unusual because they were covered in gravy. The customer service was poor, and the woman working the register was irritable. A customer was standing off to the side, she asked him if he wanted to sit, he replied politely that he wanted to stand, and she asked him to sit anyway. He wasn't being obtrusive, nor was bothering anyone or badgering about his food, so there was no reason for him to move or for this interaction to happen at all. Overall, the combination of poorly made food that took too long and was served with disdain resulted in a disappointing dining experience.I've only had their pizza here but it's pretty awful. It's never cooked fully, the dough tastes super undercooked. The slices are really big but taste is just not good. I don't recommend you order anything pizza related here. Not sure about other menu itemsAwesome decor, and the pizza was good, but the staff was pretty quiet. I got 3 slices and was surprised to find that one slice is about as big as my head. 8.5/10 will definantly be back!The delivery timing has definitely improved although the actual service will depend on the driver.  The pizza is good while hot and not so good as a leftover meal but that's the case with just about any pie.  I'm not going to lie - this is my go-to for those nights when I just want a large, thin slice (or 2 or 3...) of semi-greasy yet deliciously comforting pizza.  This always hits the spot.  I can't speak for the rest of the menu but the classic plain cheese pizza is definitely solid.If I could give this place no stars I would but since I can't 1 will have to do it! Whoever the owner is of this place needs to take a class on manners and how you conduct yourself as a business owner. This was the 3rd time I have been at this place in 2 weeks. The first time he was there being ignorant and I brushed it off as someone having a bad day... Now this 3rd time took the cake!! Whomever you are you lost a paying customer. There was a child in your restaurant while you yelled and used profanity at employees. Unprofessional.. 
Never again!!! And since the food is all of average there will never be a need to spend money here ever again. And I will let everyone that I work with know not to spend their money at this place. EVER!Very delicious food had a large pepperoni pizza , crust was well done , customer service treated me very good , service was very professional, no issues on my end.Disappointed with the food.  I got the Hawaiian pizza and it tasted like the kind of pizza you get in a cafeteria.  I also got their tuna melt and it was disgusting!  The tuna salad didn't taste anything like what I'm use to....it was almost sour-tasting (not sour as in gone bad, it literally left a sour taste in my mouth).  And I asked them to add lettuce to it and put both the lettuce and tomato on the side, and they didn't follow either of those instructions.  
Needless to say, I won't be ordering from them again!I ordered a buffalo chicken cheesesteak and onion rings and what I received was a soggy bland mess. There was not hot sauce or blue cheese. They just sprinkled hot pepper seeds on it and called it a day. My onion rings were also cold and soggy. Sad part is, I placed my order soon as they opened.Had 2 great, inexpensive meals here on a trip to Philly a couple years ago. It was within a really short walking distance from the Sheraton and other hotels, and I'm glad the valet recommended it.
The wings were good and definitely passed my Western NY standards.  The pizza was thin and delicious.  Best of all though is we got a ton of food for $10 or less.In Philly for a weekend with a few friends who are notoriously picky and unwillingly to try new cuisines. After long deliberations and sadly putting up with their distaste for sushi and Indian food, and convincing them that TGI Friday's was a bad idea, we somehow ended up here. Pizza was average, definitely not something I would come back to, although the prices were decent enough. The restaurant itself is very dated; a lot of the backs of the seats are ripped pretty well and jerseys on clothes hangers are raised along the right side of the restaurant. While I'm sure this was a better compromise than going to TGI Friday's, it was not by much.The people are really nice but the pizza is really bad. The pizzas looked like vomit, cold, undercooked, and had raw bacon on top. They re-delivered a pizza, which was soggy but hot, and then exploded everywhere upon opening. Do not order pizza from these people they are really nice and should probably stick to something else.My relationship with Rex is complicated.  It is yet another Foodler-related weakness of mine.  The moz sticks are good, the chicken fingers are good, and their italian grinder is good - when they follow the instructions.  However, they often forget parts of my order or get it completely wrong.  It seems like the food is completely different depending on who is cooking it.  Sometimes you get a sandwich covered in a pile of WTF and you're bummed because who wants to deal with sending something delivery back?  Clearly not someone who is so lazy they will order from a 3 star Yelped place on Foodler regularly.It shouldn't take an hour and a half at 2pm on a Thursday to deliver one subpar Italian hoagie and a can of coke.
I had to call GrubHub when my order didn't show up in the allotted time and my hoagie showed up almost 45 minutes after the delivery time with no explanation or apology.  I can't imagine what the wait times must be like on a Friday or Saturday night-- not thanks!
My hoagie sucked.  It was all soggy (I didn't get oil...why was it soggy?) and the meat was definitely not sliced fresh.  My stomach was very displeased after eating half of this hoagie and I didn't even bother with the other half.  Perhaps it had been made over an hour before it was delivered and had just been sitting out?  The bread was okay, but I am kicking myself for wasting my time and money on this hoagie.  For the price and time I could have trekked to University City myself and gotten a real, fresh Italian hoagie from Super Deli.Had a excellent cheese steak for dinner. The owner is very friendly had great experience. I will return for sure.Best Pizza is the best pizza I ever had. Great flavours and crust, I really enjoyed this place, staff are really friendly " great customer service". If you are in the city check it out.Was there a few weeks ago while in Philly.  Top notch service and food was best in class.  I'll definitely be returning when I am back in a few weeks.This is the worst service I have ever experienced. After waiting two hours for my delivery, it was missing an entire pizza. They would only reimburse me for the tip included on my seamless order. DO NOT order from here. Ever.I came here for a big group dinner one night and our host Larry was so accommodating to us and so friendly! The restaurant has a diner/homey vibe so we were all very comfortable eating there. It's also decorated with a bunch of sports wear which was a nice touch. 
Personally, I did not think much of the texture and flavors of the pizza. I've definitely had better, but this satisfied my hunger and I didn't have to spend much money on the pizza either. 
This is definitely a great place for take out!Best pizza in Philly. The owner, I think his name is John, is super friendly but I think English is his second language so can be a bit hard to understand sometimes.  They had a special made out of whale one time that was amazing but they said it was a one time deal. Would def come back.$1 slices from 5-7 mon-thurs, they are big slices too and don't taste half bad. But they are kind of a bizarro staff, sometimes rude. 
I haven't gotten sick yet and it's the cheapest dinner around so I'm going to keep coming back. 
During happy hour they charge extra for a box.The food was pretty good. I ordered a pizza steak and fries and it seemed like it got here relatively fast.  I ordered on-line from eat24hours.com and Rex's called to confirm the order, and even ended up charging me less than what the website quoted me. I would say that Rex's is an Ok place for delivery.Ran into Rex pizza by chance and I'm glad I did. It's located on this cool historic street nestled in the heart of center city. It's a  quaint pizza shop on this quiet block. The food was excellent. I've never gotten a slice of pizza this big in Philly! You gotta try the cheesesteaks and wings. My husband and I literally ordered more to take home with us! Hard to find a gem like this in center city. 5 stars!Stayed at the nearby Sheraton for a longer business trip and this became a very trusty go-to place for a quick bite. Menu is large, portions are good, and the place has some character. Pizza is greasy and tasty, service is efficient and orders were always accurate. Got the job done on numerous nights. Loved the Beef Rex Royal - beef, pepperoni, peppers, mushrooms, cheese, sauce. Very tasty.The plain pizza is decent. The fries are ok. The shrimp with cocktail sauce is pretty good.