Incredibly disappointed. The food isn't bad, it's just not that good, especially for the cost. I ordered take out, baby back ribs, with mashed potatoes, and it also came with a corn muffin and coleslaw. The ribs... There was very little meat on the bone, and the bbq sauce was OK. Mashed potatoes and corn muffin are exactly what you'd expect, plain but decent. The coleslaw tasted like someone dumped way too much pepper in it. Chances are I'll never eat here again, unless someone else pays.A year to the day of our first visit to Rib Rack we were invited by friends to join them for dinner there. Immediately I was like ughhh due to our first experience. However I have to swallow my pride and say I'm actually glad we gave them a second try. 
The improvements we noticed since last year are huge. They added (or replaced with brighter) lighting along the outside wall so you can see the menu. There were a lot of staff tending to the dining room (4-5 and it's not a big place) so someone was always asking to take away finished dishes and our waitress was great, very attentive. This is night and day compared to our last visit. 
Both couples got the he-man ribs and shared. Ribs are served with one side, one cornbread and a small slice of watermelon which was surprisingly sweet even though it's the off season. The ribs this time were fall off the bone and delicious, definitely not overcooked and dry this time. The BBQ sauce is amazing, definitely one of my all-time favorites. To me it tastes like sweet baby ray's but with a kick. 
Our dinner came out to about $50 per couple including tip and it was delicious. Price is really good for two diners eating ribs! They definitely won our business back. 
They have a small beer and wine selection, unsweet iced tea and Pepsi products to choose from for drinks.
I'd still like to see brighter lighting in the entire dining area and a makeover/renovation of the dining area. The booths were fine for two people last time but seating 4 people in their four top booths was very tight. We were bumping elbows all night and for all the dishes involved with ribs and such there really isn't enough room on the table. 
Would like to see the owner reinvest in his business and completely redo the dining area. The brick wall is a keeper but the rest (booths, lighting etc) is very outdated and uncomfortable. 
Fix these things and you have a five star establishment in their dining category.Hands down, the best BBQ food in Philadelphia. I've been going here. For years and it never disappoints. That's with just about anything on the menu as well. 
By far, the best baby back ribs you'll ever have in your life. I'm serious. I've had ribs all over the country, down south and in many different states and these baby back ribs are by far the best. The meat practically falls right off the bone, is smoked to perfection and topped off with incredibly tasty bbq sauce. The downside, is cost. These ribs will set you back. One of those instances where you pay a premium for the best. Not an every week food option due to the highs prices, but the food is so good and consistent, it's worth it. 
The wings are also amazing. Definitely try those as well. But definitely the baby back ribs. You can thank me later.Amazing!  I have gone to five star restaurants and don't like them as much as I love this place. I tell everyone this is my favorite restaurant. I have been going here since I was a kid and can't say enough a out the place. The food is great, the portions are huge, the prices are decent and the service is usually pretty good as well. It seems like a little dive BBQ joint in the NE from the outside. But trust me, go in and order the ribs and chicken with stuffing. You won't regret it!Awesome place for ribs and wings! Great for eat in or take out, also good chicken, coleslaw and and cornbread!I've gone here once, and never returned. They claim to have the best ribs in Philly, but they certainly didn't taste that way. First of all, the place was so dark we could barely see each other across the table. It's a super tiny place that looks run down. It was totally dead when we went in there, and it was dinner time! I think the dark lighting was designed to hide the bad decor and horrible food. I guess if you can't see what you're eating, you can't tell how bland and dry it is...? Based on all the positive reviews on here, I feel like I should give it another try. Maybe they were just having an off night. Hmm, maybe.The opinions of Yelpers vary far and wide on a great range of topics, as they should. However, based on what I've seen in a ton of comments and lists most seem to agree on one thing: Northeast Philadelphia is devoid of decent dining (...among other things).
Enter Rib Rack - one of the few exceptions to this rule. 
You will leave here puzzled how you could have just had the meal you did from this dark pit of a converted row home. (Just because you found good food, don't expect ambiance. It is Northeast Philly, after all. Quit while you're ahead) 
When you do things with effort & attention, they are done better. A lesson to be learned from the fine proprietors of Rib Rack. It's clear that those are the keys to their success. They found a formula for their menu, it's proven to work, they stick to it and do it well. 
There is nothing bad on their menu. It's not that extensive of a menu, mind you, they cover all the main items you would expect: Chicken, stuffing, cornbread, wings, ribs (all varieties), etc....all great. One particular menu item worth noting is the salmon caesar salad. It's awesome. 
As long as you can see your fork, your food, your beer and the way out - who cares how dark the dining room is anyway? If it's that much of a problem just get take out. The crew manning the front of house are very professional and efficient. They have their act together....and the crowd gathered waiting for food is testament to that.For all of those complaining about the ambience: the place is called "The Rib Rack" and it is located in what looks like a basement of a residential home. You knew WELL before you walked in that it was far from the Four Seasons. 
So, the place isn't the classiest. Hell, neither is the neighborhood. However they give large portions and the food is great. Priced a little high, but well worth it.Wel, I've only ever done take out, but YUM.  The blue cheese burger was delish.  Fat and juicy with fresh toppings and a soft bun.  Cole slaw, well, toss some blue cheese in that and it's heaven on a plate.
My partner in crime got the full rack of ribs.  HUGE and very good.  not homemade, but really good.  I'd come back for sure!!!I love the rib rack! Not the best atmosphere but the food is delicious! I wish they'd brighten the place up a bit. Makes me wonder what their hiding. But as I said before delicious food!Everything here was great. If you are eating in, you are definitely in for an experience. I am not sure there are any lights except for in the bathroom.  One of the best bbq places in Philadelphia.This rating suffers not from quality of food, but of peculiarity of experience.  It is sad too because I thought the food was FANTASTIC.  I really mean it.  I had the cowboy steak, now normally I wouldn't eat a steak with bbq sauce, but this place does it up right.  
I also enjoyed the ribs, fires, and cornbread...yee-haw!
However, there were two strange events that occurred in the restaurant that made the experience, slightly unpleasant and uncomfortable.
My sister ordered a salad and asked, "You don't have any parmesan cheese, do you?"
The waitress replied, "no. we don't sorry."
This struck me as odd.
My Cesar salad came out with freshly grated, or what appeared to be freshly grated parmesan cheese.
So I said, "Excuse me?  What kind of cheese is this?"
She replied, "Cesar Cheese."
There is no such cheese.  But I went with it.
"Ok, can she have some of that on the side for her salad as well."
The waitress obliged.
Very peculiar.  I'm not sure if she was being rude, funny, or what?  Either way, there's an issue there.
A few moments later my mother was punched by a young boy sitting in the booth next to her.  The father yelled at the boy and said nothing to my mother.  It was very odd.
So basically the food is great, but the whole dining part is a little whack.  I recommend take-out, but if you're on your own, I imagine it's a much smoother experience.Had dinner tonight Friday 2/23/18 - food was delicious but the waitress was miserable and no eye contact when taking our order - had to ask fwo times for more napkins and refill soda !!! blond hair - worked there for some time from us eating there but tonight she was nasty !!! don't like your job - go look for another one and don't work with the public !!! she wasn't even worth the 25$ tip my daughter left her - table of four adults and three children !!!I love Rib Rack been coming here for atleast 8 years.  I love everything from the menu except their steaks.. I recommend everytthing but the steaks. Definetly get the buffalo wings, 4 piece bbq chicken and their burgers ! Their burgers are huge.. Also my favorite place to get a salad.. I usually dont get salads anywhere else but here. Definetly come here for some delicious bbq.Love this place. Food is great there. The wings are amazing and I highly recommend them. The service is great too but it is really dark inside. Maybe a couple of lights would help with the atmosphere. Even tho the setting inside is weird and non lit, I really enjoy it here.The Ribrack is a great place. I love it. I go as frequent as my wallet lets me. It's a pretty expensive place if you're ordering ribs, however they are worth it. Smoked crisp to perfection glazed with amazing homeade BBQ sauce. I love the cornbread, watermelon, steak fries.. You name it. The wings are actually good also. Very comparable to Chickies. They are definitley a tad too saucey for me. The sandwiches are amazing. The 2 piece combo is a sweet deal. The only thing that sucks about the rib rack is that a "Just Casear" is 8.99...Might be worth it, I just think that's a tad much for a little salad. This place is amazing.Place sucks anymore the lady who answered the phone was ignorant an the ribs were over cooked with Barely any meatI am 30yo and have been coming here since as far back as I can remember. I love everything on their menu. The wings are hand down the best I have ever had anywhere. Anytime I get wings elsewhere I compare them to the "The Racks" and none ever come close. The ribs are great but I advise not ordering to go if you live far. They tend to dry out. The salmon and BBQ chicken are all amazing and the chicken soup tastes just like grandmom made it. You can't go wrong with anything on the menu.Saw someone on my facebook post a pic of some ribs from some other bbq place and I instantly said "I need to log into yelp and write a review for rib rack"
Hands down the best ribs in Philadelphia and all the burbs.
Small and almost hidden location.  Always packed. Onion loaf, wings, and ribs are all awesomeWe normally eat in but this time we took out three orders of the baby back ribs ($67 for 3 racks and extra sauce). There is a charge for extra sauce so just order them extra wet. The ribs were tender and delicious, you will lick your fingers. The corn muffins are perfection. The fries are steak fires, large and great for dipping into the bbq sauce, I did not really enjoy the cole slaw but the baked beans are good and sweet. We usually eat in but we were driving through the area. If you eat in you need to remember it has been there for a very long time, the interior has not been updated in many years and is very dark inside but well worth the food. Not many places have baby back ribs, Rib It closed down and Famous Dave's does not serve baby backs except for the one located outside of Atlantic City. So if yu want finger licking good baby back ribs this is the place for you.My first instinct when I walked into the the dim lit, dark wood wall paneled dining area was to turn around walk back out into the sunlight.  I'm glad I didn't.  Once my eyes got used to the light level, I really enjoyed the experience.  
The BBQ chicken is so OMG-I've-died-and-gone-to-heaven good that it made everything else (Buffalo wings, Baby back ribs, french fries) feel like a waste of stomach space.  But everything else was exceptionally good and can hold their own.  Next time, I'll go straight for the chicken.
The waitress was so pleasant, helpful and the attentive w/out being annoying - just added to the whole experience.
The Rib Rack is the type of dining experience I love discovering: 'hole in the wall', neighborhood digs only locals know that serve mouth-wateringly delicious food.  I am ashamed to say that I've driven by the Rib Rack for decades and the first time I went in was a couple weeks ago.  That's decades worth of fine food that I've denied myself.  I'll just have to play catch-up now!We indulge on Rib Rack a few times a month . Wings for take-out, ribs eat-in.  I cannot eat wings or ribs ANYWHERE else without being disappointed, they're that good. Prices are great for the quality of the food!!What's Labor Day with no bbq ribs or chickens. The brunch ran lasted into the late afternoon with nothing on the grill. The Rib Rack saved the day. The chicken, ribs and the hamburger were finger licking good. The baked sweet potatos were perfect  and the potatoe wedges were plerntiful. The only fault  the the 8 of us who were eating this delectable fare found was the cole slaw. It tasted off. We couldn't determine if it was just soured or spoiled,.  Aside from first taste no one ate it. But don't worry we'll be back! The bbq was just that good.I finally tried this joint out, after years and years of passing by and wondering if it was really as good as the signs claim.
If I told you that the ribs were the best around, the chicken was the best around, and the steak was the best around, would you think that I was just being ridiculous? Well, you should, because that's how good it all is, ridiculously good.
My date had the ribs and chicken platter, and I had the NY Strip. It was all so good, people, I can't even begin to tell you how good. Oh, and the chicken soup is definitely fresh and delicious. The corn muffins too, they're just frickin wonderful. There are a couple other BBQ joints in Northeast Philly that hold their own weight, but they're just not as good as Rib Rack. 
Simple, good food coupled with attentive service. This place will soon have a new regular. Can't wait to try the wings.Honestly every time I come I don't get the ribs. The only two times I got ribs it was like they were already eaten and all bone. I do like other things like chicken fingers but you can get them anywhere.Best ribs I ever had. perfectly cooked and loaded with flavor. Crazy thing is that the buffalo wings are even better! Awesome wings. 5 stars all day!.
I drove past it for years until I finally stopped and I cant believe how good the ribs & wings are. It is very dark inside, strange light issue going on but i overlooked it once i started chewing.I have to profess my love of BBQ Ribs, and the Rib Rack as one of my favorite local restaurants.
We had never been here before, but word-of-mouth for this place is pretty strong - more than one person has recommended  I go here.
So I did! Great Ribs! I think what they save on Decor is the extra love they put into the food. I was very happy with the whole experience... Good food, friendly service, and sticky fingers! Also a huge fan of cole slaw, which came with the meal.
I'll be back here soon for sure.Went to the Rib Rack last night for dinner. The dark lighting in the restaurant is purely for ambiance, it wasn't that hard to see in there. 
The ribs were awesome. I got the Beef Ribs, forgetting how big they are, but they were delicious!! My boyfriend got the Baby Backs that looked just as good. My eyes were definitely bigger than my stomach though - I ordered a salad before the ribs, and wasn't able to finish my dinner. I had a doggie bag with my name on it!
I would definitely go back here. Since the place was known for the ribs, that's what we got, and they were definitely worth it.Excellent food! The ribs were juicy and fell off the bone.The steak fries and onion rings were fried perfectly.the BBQ chicken was tender and moist. The wings were dome perfectly, The wait staff were attentive and very cordial, easy parking on the street made this little gem a big hit with my family group.I understand why this place is a neighborhood favorite. They serve comfort food, portions are large, and the serve beer & wine. We were told on several occasions by several people that the wings are great but honestly they are nothing amazing with generic sauces. The BBQ chicken and ribs were just ok, the sauce was had a nice tangy & not to sweet flavor but the meat itself was just ok or on the dry side. Also the lighting in the place is ridiculously low. I mean I've been in speakeasy bars with brighter lights. So since it is not in our immediate area I doubt we will go out of our way to venture back.This is my favorite wing place in the NE. The wings are always delicious and there sauce is super tasty. They have huge racks of ribs that are cooked to perfection and  the meat falls off the bones. The service is always on spot. And you can  order ahead and they have a great pick up service. I pick up wings on my way home and they are always on time. Do yourself a favor and try this great placeI saw a sign that said early bird special for $7.99. So I went to 7elven and came back but they didn't open tell 3:30pm and cars was lined up in front of the store. This my first time here and picking up ribs for my mom because she love them. But if you take out the ribs special is $8.99. I had two platters to go. I hope their good and if they are I will be back.The best ribs I ever ate. Hands down.  The hot wings, stuffing, cole slaw and corn muffins are also excellent. Don't let the outside fool you, this place is clean and worth every penny.I love this place! It's a very calm & nice atmosphere! The first waitress we had I did not like the service she provided, but that doesn't mean that it makes the place a BAD ONE! The waitress we had today was awesome she knew when we needed refills (WHICH IS A + in my BOOK) When your waitress has a positive attitude & if you are dining with kids & she or she interacts with the the kids is always a PLUS! The place is a bit tight as seating wise but I mean it not HORRIBLE! The pricing for the food is AFFORDABLE! The food is FRESH & DELICIOUS!! The wait time for the food is great, normal timing!! & I love that they serve all they're food with a side of WATERMELON (YUMMMMYYYYYYYY)Best buffalo wings around, great dressing too. Ribs are great and the spicy stuffing with gravy is absolutely delish! Not much has changed here in probably 20 years, except the prices. But it doesn't have to, they have it down to perfection.Love this place, it's been here as long as I can remember.
Good- Food is awesome
Wings are my favorite in Philly
Ribs fall off the bone 
Sides are great
Bad- it's really dark in there, like really dark
It kind of feels like they are closed or they are hiding something. 
Low lighting is good in strip clubs not restaurants
Get it TO-GOVery good eats! I love the food served here, it was delicious!
I came with a group of 4 and we were quickly seated on a Friday evening, which is good. We got ribs, burgers, fries, chicken, more ribs... I liked it all. Portions were very generous too. Included with all of our meals was a slice of watermelon...that's cool.
The outside appearance of this restaurant always kept me away but I wish that hadn't been the case since the service and food was spectacular. I look forward to coming back. 
P.S... did anyone else think it was kinda dark inside? I thought their lighting was a bit too dim lolAs I read the negative reviews I'm in disbelief. I have been going here for years and never had 1) bad service or 2) bad food. Best ribs in the city! Cornbread is amazing too! Need to open up more spots around the city! Tables could be bigger and seating could be more comfy but besides that it's amazing!One word AMAZING ribs would definitely comeback. It's a hole in a wall place and dark inside but food here is great. I will try the chicken next time with the ribs too.rib rack right now is the place i go to for my beef ribs. the ribs are tender and hav just enough burnt on the ends.. i love it..  it's a little drive for me but it's worth itIn my opinion, this place has by far the best ribs in Philly. Although the lighting is very dim it kind of adds to the charm of the restaurant. Also their buffalo wings are incredible.{ATTENTION WING EATERS} I dont go there to eat in so this isn't a snooty post about the "ambiance" or lighting. Its mostly a take out BBQ joint people!! If you go in there expecting cloth napkins and fine dining your expectations will cloud your judgement right from the start. And if you are a snooty, uppity Gorden Ramsey wannabe then this place isn't for you. I've been going to the rib rack for the better part of 20 years now and they have the best wings that I have ever had anywhere in the country. (disclaimer: i've done alot of traveling and try wings everywhere because they are my favorite but I've never been to buffalo) The wings are cooked perfect every time the sauce is phenominal and the blue cheese is the best you'll find.I am going to keep this short and sweet, The Rib Rack has the best ribs in Philly!  I recently visited Sweet Lucys and there is no comparison! If you want good ribs go to The Rib Rack!Was looking for a place that had good ribs for my father in law 
Rib rack was a little distance from my house but proved to be worth the drive 
The rack of ribs was simply delicious 
Caesar salad with grilled chicken was amazingIncredibly disappointed. The food isn't bad, it's just not that good, especially for the cost. I ordered take out, baby back ribs, with mashed potatoes, and it also came with a corn muffin and coleslaw. The ribs... There was very little meat on the bone, and the bbq sauce was OK. Mashed potatoes and corn muffin are exactly what you'd expect, plain but decent. The coleslaw tasted like someone dumped way too much pepper in it. There are far too many better bbq places to eat at. Safe to say I will not be eating here againPerfection!!!! The BEST Baby Back Ribs and Buffalo Wings ever!!! You will go home full and happy!! Now to the food...Corn bread muffins are given to everyone with a side of butter to give it that Southern appeal. The muffins are on the dry side but that's what the butter is for and/or your beverage of choice. The muffins come with your order so I can deal with a dry corn muffin. The Buffalo Wings are AMAZING! The best you will ever eat, no doubt. I ordered mine well done for that extra crispiness needed to avoid "the sog" where you feel like you are biting into loose slimy chicken skin. Nasty! You won't experience that at Rib Rack! It's all about high quality comfort foods. You can order the wings mild, medium, or hot. I ordered mild today in an 18 denomination. The wings have a nice mild heat and break off nicely with each bite. The blue cheese dipping sauce is a bit overly blue cheesy for my liking. I found that I scooped up more pure blue cheese than sauce which is annoying when you want to marry the two. The quality of the wings are top notch. They at not overly large nor chewy. The size is perfect with just enough high quality meat per bite. Order these even if you are a casual Buffalo Wing fan as you will never look at another wing the same again after you try them from the Rib Rack. I have come here many times and I order the same thing. I can't get away from the moist and lean baby back ribs. Not overly saucy and well charred for added texture and an authentic smoky taste. The cole slaw can be ignored as it is overly mayo'd as the cabbage is swimming in the mayo juice. Not appealing! The watermelon slice can be ignored too, especially if it brushed up against the BBQ sauce from your ribs. Watermelon and BBQ sauce is not a combo worth trying. Trust me! On another positive note, the thumb fries are really good. Firm, crispy, and hot that pair well with the Baby Back Rib platter. Well worth each calorie. Anyway, this place rocks. They even offer early bird rib specials under $10. Be prepared that the restaurant is overly dark and seems dungeonesque. If you can get past the ambiance elements you will simply experience awesome quality food! You're welcome :)Been going here since 1988. When I want wings/ribs this is where I go no where else. Will never get the dark lighting but don't care as the food is fab. Used to go once a week, but move 45 minutes away, so I trek once a month now for heavenI have fondly renamed this place the Meat Cave due to the cavernous, dark interior and the abundance of meat.  The ribs were amazing.  Even my northeast Philly hatin' boyfriend said they were the best he's had in this city.
Loved the wings.  The mashed potatoes I got as my side were pretty forgettable, but I tried the stuffing and found myself wishing my mom would buy it for Thanksgiving!  Also, the corn muffins were out of this world.  
Rib Rack, you'd get one more star if you bought light bulbs brighter than 10 watt, but then I'd have to change your nickname from Meat Cave to something less likely to be confused with a south Jersey strip club.Was good. Not going out of my way to go again. If I could give 3.5 stars I would. Felt it was closer to rounding down than up though.Delicious ribs good service way to good give the cook a raise now !!! He makes this place what it is the food I couldn't even save some for work I ate it allRibs and chicken were delicious, that is THE only positive thing i can say about this place. Atmosphere sucks, pretty much diner seating and so dark inside we needed to use the flashlight on our phone to read the menu and see our food. No joke. I asked the waitress why it's so dark and she said the owner thinks it's better bcuz the place is so small that being dark you won't see how cramped you are. 
Friday night and only 3 other couples eating. Closes at 10, we arrived at 9:30 and got our food quickly but they weren't discrete about the fact they were closing. Our waitress was completely inattentive bcuz she was too busy cleaning and putting up chairs on tables to even come back once to ask how our food was. We had to call her from across the restaurant to get a drink refill. Then she proceeded to spray whatever chemical they use to clean the tables all around us as we were still eating! 
The first time we saw our food without using our phones was when they turned the lights up so the employees could see to clean. 
As we were leaving my hubby used the bathroom and the floor was like greasy? As he stood at the urinal his feet were sliding apart. I don't even want to know what that was about. 
Definitely do not recommend this place for dine in. They must do all the business takeout. Good ribs, loved the BBQ sauce, but definitely will not return and we will not be a future takeout customer either knowing how little courtesy they have for their customers and the fact that the owner knows about the lighting complaints and still chooses to make you eat in the dark. If I wanted to eat my food in the dark I'd go to one of those high end restaurants where you pay for the experience. At least at a restaurant like that you wouldn't be afraid of what's really in your food.Update: We have been here several times since past review and the glasses issue has been remedied. Congrats Rib Rack you're comfort food perfection!Never liked ribs until I had Rib Racks baby back ribs!!!  They are amazing!!  Fall right off the bone!!!  You can't go wrong with this place.  All their sides are delicious too!  I recommend trying the stuffing also.  Their wings and corn muffins are also great.  Can't go wrong with this place.First time coming here and the service was not up to par. The food was ok, not worth it. . The selection of food was poorly created. The place was dark like who likes to eat their food in the dark?, not I. I would not be coming back and wouldnt recommend it.Extremely poor customer service and this was my experience on a take-out order so based on that I would not dine in. I walk in and there are three people behind the counter, none of whom opened their mouth to say hello. Not even after they ceased their conversation. And one was obviously the manager while the other two were young girls, so I don't expect to much from them.
As I stood in front of the counter I had to ask if someone would take my order. Then had to ask for it when it was done. 
Now finally onto a review of food! Lol..
So I got the half baby back ribs/half chicken platter with fries & coleslaw. It also came with cornbread. The cornbread is a dead ringer for ShopRite corn muffins. Not great, not bad but nothing special.
The best thing....the chicken! It had a great smoky flavor. The ribs were tough. The fries were plain, but that's how I like them and the coleslaw was blah.
I wouldn't take the drive to go here, and would maybe dine in if someone else was paying..lolWhen my soon to be mother in law suggested this place for dinner during one of our visits back home. I was like uhhh- seriously? 
But dang- what' a plesant surprise! 
Location- it's looks rough from the outside- but you just have to just open that door and walk in.. and see what they have to offer.
Their Baby Back Ribs! Holy cow! It was so delicious! I had their wings- absolutely yumminess!  Their servings are healthy and just awesome!  They have their "special" sauce LOL ... and my soon to be mother in law love it!  She loves the corn bread too! 
The ONLY ONLY ONLY reason why I didn't give them 5 stars would be because of the lighting there. The darkness there made me feel very comfortable... I hated the plants thats just right above my head.. I was fearing that something will just drop into my food or my head from the plants (but it didnt) ... and the seats were a bit small.... i am a tiny girl, and I was sharing the booth with my fiancee... and I had to keep asking me to move over LOL! Whoopsy! LOL!The absolute best place to go for ribs, wings, anything fried! My family and I can't get enough of this place we don't live in the area so we usually go for birthdays or occasions like that and it never disappoints! We've been coming for years and have yet to find better wings or ribs. Amazing !Best corn beard I've ever had ... Besides my grandmas homemade corn bread. The ribs are mouth watering!We love rib rack! We always order the he man baby back ribs.  It's always delicious. The good is a little pricey but worth it. We usually get take out, so I'm not sure how the service is, but the food is great!The food here is consistantly good but nothing outstanding and maybe even a bit overpriced. Definitely recommend the wings! The seating and service are prompt and the portion are a good size. Decor needs an update because tables and chair are pretty beat up.I have been coming to the Rib Rack off and on for like 25 years. Everybody here is claiming how dark it is - my wife and I love it! Who wants to look across the table and see half a jar of rib sauce on somebody's face? Last time we went was yesterday for my birthday. All of the food was delicious! We got the wings which were a little overdone but not enough to hinder their deliciousness. I got the Dinner Rack of Beef Ribs and I was full and smelling my hands from the BBQ for the rest of the night. My wife got a Chicken Caesar salad which also was delicious. 
The only reason this doesn't get five stars is because they make 0 substitutions and the service was a little inattentive. I actually didn't want to order an entire order of wings with the meal - shear gluttony. When I asked if I could replace the chicken of the ribs and chicken platter with wings, I was quickly rebuked. So quickly that it was obvious that I wasn't the first, fifth or even tenth person who had asked that. Perhaps that means something Rib Rack! 
Also, not really an extensive bar menu. If you don't want Wine or Beer, you are screwed. The waitress wasn't really into explaining the Wine list either, which is weird because you would think she would want to add more alcohol to the check. 
In any event, Rib Rack still gets 4 stars due to the quality of the food.My family has been going to this place since I was young! Delicious food. Their wings are good, ribs are good, and their mashes potatoes are awesome! Lighting is poor in the restaurant, but the food makes up for it. They also do take out!I usually just get the cheeseburger & fries but it's so good.  The burger is huge & they give you a mound of steak fries.  My Mom gets the ribs & always says they are the best.Grew up in the area and had tons of experience here. Dining in is really strange. Always has been. The lighting is so dark it makes one wonder why they keep it that way. I always get the baby back ribs. ("Dinner" rack now..."He-Man" rack in my younger days) Always really good. You get two full racks with the "Dinner" portion. Three with the "He-Man" portion. Comes with a salad and cornbread. Salad is average. Cornbread is good. Grilled chicken breast is also good. Try the stuffing as well. I wouldn't call this authentic bbq but the taste is good. (Not smoked ribs with pink ring...boiled ribs that fall off the bone) The key to their success has been the sauce. It's just awesome. Prices are high for the area and with the awful décor. Service is average. Ill be there again but if you're looking for real bbq head to Zachary's in Norristown (BEST) or Sweet Lucy's on State Road.This place is like Phil's BBQ back home in San Diego... I drive 20 minutes each way for this place.  Ribs will not disappoint.Usually do take out here, because it's the BEST! Dined in last night and it was wonderful. Ribs, chicken, wings, corn muffins and watermelon slices. All delish. Dining room is super dark (you adjust) which adds a charm to no frills decor.What's there to say that hasn't been said?
Baby-back ribs are done well, nice level of moistness and enough crisp from the grill to give it that charred, smokey flavor on the surface. Meat comes right off the bone, and the bbq sauce is pretty good. The wings are standard fare [which is to say, excellent], the steak fries were thick and crispy, the 'slaw was made with a bit too much mayo, and the mashed potatoes were nothing to write home about.
Got the dinner plate of ribs, came with a sizable portion with sides that proved to be a good amount for two people to leave abundantly full. The wings made it uncomfortably so, but that's the price you pay to be a fatass, I'm afraid. It's a mistake I make early and often.
Disappointed about how "bright it" was in there. They must have turned the lights up, because it's nowhere near as dark as the reviews make it out to be :DListen and listen good.  The best most flavorful wings ever.  The blue cheese is perfect with the right clump and chunkiness.
Go have wingsWent to a party in which they got the ribs and wings. Both were excellent. Ribs impressed this Yankee-turned-southern boy.My favorite BBQ restaurant in Philadelphia.  The ambiance is pitiful and the lighting is terrible, but you are there for the food.  The cornbread is amazing, the wings are perfect and the baby back ribs and sides are truly the best.  For my side item I usually go with the steak fries or the stuffing.  My wife loves the grilled chicken and gravy over mashed potatoes.  Don't forget you get a slice of watermelon to cleanse the pallate.  You must try it.People complain about the lighting, I think it's perfect for a steak/rib house. I always have trouble deciding with their menu because everything from the burgers to the steaks to the ribs are great. The corn muffins and watermelon are a great touch. No beer on tap, but a selection of domestic bottles.Good food. Large portions.  It's not that expensive because you can share their portions. Fresh corn muffins are extremely tasty.  Very dark ambiance.Really good ribs, they finish them off on the grill which gives em a great taste.Rib rack is awesome especially there wings all there food is good and not to expensiveDark, so dark that I think that it is to hide bugs crawling around. Best item is onion loaf, rib sauce tastes like jar sauce from save alot. Wish I could love this place but no way...and it's expensive! No thanks!Haven't bought a better baby back rib in PhillyGrowing up only a few blocks away, I've passed this place a million times. I finally tried this place out with a few friends from the neighborhood and boyyy am I sorry I did! Everyone on yelp seems to be in love with the food, but everything we ordered was only okay. We had 3 racks of the Baby Back ribs and somehow they were all cooked to a different doneness. Some ribs were moist and some were tougher and dry. The wings were only typical, I've definitely had better and the "special" ranch sauce that came with the onion rings was just a mixture of ranch and hot sauce. What's worst than the mediocre food was the disgusting atmosphere of this establishment. The tables were extremely sticky (I can only image its caked in layers of grease over the years) and it was so dimly lit in there that we could barely see the menus (probably to disguise the dirtiness of the tables). I am definitely not coming back. This place is the reason why I fear restaurants in Northeast Philly.I've been coming to Rib Rack for over 20 years and this is hands down the best "bar like" food ever!  My family and friends love it just as much too!  I've never heard a negative thing ever!  The "lighting" issue is nonsense.  It is on the dark side but so what!  The reviews are for the restaurant not the lighting! I've tried everything.  From their corn bread, to their grilled chicken salads, to their dressings (honey mustard) best around, to their wings and ribs....everything is outstanding!  Traveled the world and their wings are the most addicting.  I live 90 minutes away and nothing will ever keep me away.I lived in this area for awhile and always told myself I would try this place out! And finally decided to today! I didn't dine in but I did ordered take out! The whole ride home the food smelled amazing (drools) lol I'm am upset at myself for not trying this place sooner! Their food is delicious and savory once again (drools)Great if you don't want to ever see what's on your plate. Super dark inside good ribs and burgers. I've heard that the salad is amazing but I've never had it. Worth a shot if you're looking for some ribs.