Rich City used to be a reliable, down-home restaurant that didn't serve haute-chinese cuisine but still very good and reliable Singapore noodles, beef with orange, dried string beans, ma-po tofu, and other such standard dishes. We have not been there for about three years (having been out of the country, and it has changed into a TERRIBLE restaurant. My ma-po consisted of tofu in a congealed sweet sauce (no discernable Szechuan  flavors) with peas; my beans had not been dry-fried but rather boiled and then had a watery garlic sauce on them but no pork bits. My husband's food was equally awful. I don't know what has happened to this restaurant. Perhaps Papa or Mama has retired from cooking, and the present generation has lost interest. Completely DISrecommend.I suppose I'm getting punished for ordering Chinese delivery when Chinatown is not that far from my house.
I don't know how people can say the General Tso's is good. I had MANY pieces of fried chunks WITHOUT chicken. The few chicken chunks had so much breading intertwined. The sauce was alright, nothing great or nothing bad either. Fried dough pieces for $9-something? What a rip-off.
The only dish I liked was the Eggplant in Garlic Sauce; if it weren't for this dish, Rich City is easily 2 stars in my book.
Online ordering system is great, but the food itself, average at best.I don't know about the meat items, but the vegan items are great!
There are plenty of vegan Chinese restaurants in Philadelphia to choose from. Rich City isn't an entirely vegan restaurant but they have a variety of vegan entrees on their menu. Rich City is located on 5th street just north of South street. It's great place to dine while in old city or shopping on South Street and an even better place to order take out.
My favorite item to order is the Sesame Chicken. The texture of the "meat" and the sauce are incredible. I've shared this with vegans and non-vegans and they all really enjoy it. The General Tso's Bean Curd is almost as good as the sesame chicken. I recommend both of these! The Kung Pao chicken didn't seem to have the same amount of flavor as the other two, but it wasn't terrible either.
The restaurant is clean and the staff is very friendly. I'm not a fan of the giant fish tank in the room so I tend to order the takeout when I can. The food is delivered quickly and they have online ordering on their website to make things easier.
Next time your craving Chinese food, I'd definitely recommend trying Rich City.I was honestly underwhelmed with the food. Delivery came quick and it was hot but the flavor wasn't good and they skimped on the meat. I'm surprised it isn't better since there is so much competition.Rich city is the freaking bomb. I've ordered this at least once a week!  Everything I've had is so good and additionally the servings are so huge that I have meals for dayz after I order it for takeout!  It's worth every pennyThis is our go-to Chinese place. Delivery is fast, the family who runs it is very pleasant. We are fans of fried appetizers, and I am happy to report that after a lull of lower-quality supplies, they are back to having top-notch dumplings and Crab Rangoon. The egg rolls are fried to perfection and go great with their home-made duck sauce, which is TOTALLY worth the little extra it costs. Favorites: Mongolian Beef, Sweet & Sour Pork (sauce in a separate container), and General Tso's, all cooked very well.Definitely hits the spot when you are craving Chinese.  If you do the take away, it's boxed up in those little white cartons with the paper clip thin handle and when you open it up, it's nice and warm.  The Mongolian beef, beef broccoli, sesame chicken, and sweet and sour chicken are all very good.  I love going to a restaurant, paying a reasonable price and coming away with exactly what I wanted.Eggplant with Garlic Sauce is quite good and are string beans and General Chicken. Many Chinese Places around here, quality variable.  Right now this is our fav. FAST delivery but we are close by.People think this is good?
General Tso's Chicken is General Tso's Breading. Mushy egg roll. And they forgot my pork fried rice after I ordered a combo. 
Yuck.Excellent chinese food, fast delivery, and they're always very nice.  I've been ordering from them for years, would highly recommend it.   General Tso's is delicious as are their crab wontons.Rich City.. Rich, Rich City
We had dinner delievered from Rich City last week when we were craving some Chinese food.  The options in Center City seemed limited but Rich City seemed like the most promising option after reading through Yelp reviews...
Food: 3.5 stars
We ordered the Sweet and Sour Chicken, Kung Pao Chicken, and Lo Mein.  Other yelpers were right about the chicken.  It was a higher quality, white meat chicken which you typically don't get from Chinese delivery.  The sweet and sour sauce came on the side to prevent the chicken from getting soggy.  The meal was delicious and, for Americanized Chinese food, Rich City knocked it out of the park.
Service: 4.0 stars
Delivery was prompt and earlier than expected.
Price: 3.5 stars
Each dish runs from $6-8.  For around $30 we got a good dinner delivered to our apartment.
**Overall: 3.5 stars
They did a great job with getting the order right and delivered promptly.  The food from Rich City was hot when it arrived and very tasty.  Compared to its competitors in Center City, Rich City is so far the best restaurant I have tried.  If you are craving Chinese food, pull the trigger and call Rich City.  Its the best bet for good Chinese delivery.The delivery order took an hour.
We tried this place because it had four stars.
The restaurant advertised that there was no delivery charge when there is a $1 delivery charge.  The "online discounts" did not work.  
The beef teriyaki was really salty and the meat was tough.  The general tso's chicken was all dark meat and sort of soggy, and there were huge chunks of garlic in the dish.  The "fried" rice had an odd yellow hue with burnt onions and steamed chicken strips.  We also ordered the steamed dumplings which were very salty.
Even the fortune cookies were stale.
We didn't finish the meal and threw most of our order away.  We'll never order from this place again.I love rich city. They are the friendliest, most delicious Chinese restaurant in Philadelphia.Rich city is my jam! They take such good care of every order! The attention to detail is lovely! My favorite is the sweet and sour chicken- crispy and light batter with flavorful chicken and even better bell pepper and pineapple sweet and sour sauce.Not bad, not great. kinda sub parUpon consulting Yelp, we ordered from Rich City. 
Bear in mind, this review is generous (because it was 10 pm, we were hungry and didn't want pizza) and DOES take into account that it is fast food Chinese (which is why it didn't get 1 star).
We ordered the fried vegetable dumplings, a spring roll, the vegetarian "chicken", eggplant and garlic sauce, and the vegetarian sesame "chicken". 
Normally it takes awhile to establish enough trust to order anything in garlic sauce. However, persuaded by glowing reviews of said sauce on Yelp, and wanting to brave something other than my safe vegetarian standbys - kung pao tofu or sweet and sour "chicken" - I took a gamble.
And lost .
Although I didn't try it (as it contained pork) the spring roll was a spring roll. Nothing to write about there. 
However, the mock garlic chicken was mushy and salty - like it had marinated in soy sauce for about 2 years. The sauce itself was greasy and bland. The "fried" vegetable dumplings were a color that only occurs naturally in poisonous Amazonian frogs and tasted like nothing. As in...the absence of taste. I have no idea how they managed to achieve this. But that is no small feat. 
The sesame "chicken" was the best of the lot. The broccoli was cooked just right and the fake meat was crispy and dusted with real sesame seeds. The flavor of the faux meat itself was a bit off, but it was coated in enough gloopy sweet sesame sauce (which actually was more garlicky than the "garlic sauce"), that it managed to mask it pretty well.The only upside for me about this Chinese takeout place was that the delivery was fast and it was open while my usually chinese place was closed for the day. The food was horrible. I ordered the general tsos with fried rice. I was disappointed in the portion size and the fried rice was plain. The general tso was also a big disappointment.this is the best chinese food in the city.  I have been ordering from them for 3 years and i couldnt be happier with the service, food, and consistency.  May is the nicest and recognizes me voice when i call!  And i only order chinese twice a month, max!  The Salt & Pepper Squid is incredible - it's not on the menu, but they usually have it.  Their steamed dumplings are perfect, along with the egg rolls, pork fried rice, and hot garlic sauce.  5 stars all the way.  If i had to complain about one thing, it would be the scallian pancakes are a little too hard, but i still enjoy them!  
Definitely stands well above the other chinese places in the city!Our GO-TO Chinese delivery in the city! They are fast, friendly and delicious. What more do you need?Let's start off with one of Rich City's biggest strengths: the vegetarian menu.  Rich City has one of the better chinese vegetarian menus in Philly.  We've ordered about a dozen different veg entrees, and each one has been solid.  Some of our favorites are the steamed vegetables with brown sauce (so so good!!), eggplant with garlic sauce, bean curd with green beans, and veg lo mein.  Always good, sometimes fantastic! And they have brown rice - always appreciated.
Its second strength: Delivery.  In fact we've never dined AT Rich City - all ~8 times I've eaten RC its been delivery. Consistent.  Easy to place an order on the phone, prompt arrival, and not once a mistake.
Third: Reasonable prices!
There you have it. We just had it.  go get it.I was looking for a new Chinese place and I came across Rich City online.  I love the fact that I can order online and much to my surprise they delivered very quickly.  I usually have to wait 30-40 mins from our usually place.  The House Wonton Soup was loaded with meat and vegetables, the House Fried Rice was moist and DELICIOUS.  We also ordered the shredded pork with scallion which was very tasty. All of the food was nice and hot out of the container.  This is definitely my new place!I ordered delivery from here a bunch of times and was really happy.  However, the last time I ordered the chicken was rancid.  It was so bad, I couldn't eat it.  It had the distinct taste of chicken that had been out too long.  So that's it for me and Rich City.If you enjoy choking on pork bones and a DIY chow mien kit that looks like a beached jelly fish than this is the place for you. How do you mess up fried rice? The pork fried rice in combination platters does not contain any vegetables and comes with less than five pieces of pork. My portion had 2 pieces of bone in it. The chow mien was sub par and of poor execution. There was hardly any chicken compared to an entire onion and a cabbage patch. Do not eat here if you enjoy actual Chinese food. This place is a fraud and anyone that gives this place more than 3 stars is probably insane.Rich City has been my go to Chinese take out place for some time now.  Consistently some of the best General Tso's Chicken and Cold Sesame Noodles in the city.
All that aside, I'm not who usually takes the time to write reviews.  I felt compelled to finally do so because for my last order they forgot to include the side of sauce for my steamed chicken and broccoli.  I hesitantly called expecting to have to put up a fight and was pleasantly surprised to find that, not only were they extremely polite and apologetic, but had a delivery guy immediately return with the missing sauce who was also very nice and apologized several times. 
Such impressive customer service is a rarity these days and I wanted to give the good people at Rich City their due credit.well, I put in an order for delivery form these guys through grub hub and was told my food would arrive within 30min... 45mins later, I called them to ask about my food because i hadn't received it and was told delivery was busy and would be there in 5 mins... 1 hour later, I called about my food and was told delivery was busy. I had to cancel my order because I think it's extremely ridiculous that i had to wait that long...This was my go-to takeout place. The food is pretty good, you can order online and the delivery is reliable. Unfortunately a mismanaged situation tonight will lead me to go elsewhere now for takeout. I placed an order like normal online but called after an hour (since typically orders are delivered between 20-30 minutes). The delivery guy is always super friendly; he calls and I meet him downstairs outside my apartment building so he can just park in the loading zone and keep moving. When I called to follow-up I was assured my order was on the way. After another half hour, I call back a little frustrated and again am assured my order is on the way and the delivery guy will be there soon. I call back at two hours post order submission and am told they are experiencing a very busy night and my order will be to me within 5 minutes. Fifteen minutes later and still food-less I call back and I'm finally given a moment's notice when the person answering the phone actually stopped to listen to what I was saying (that I have not received my order placed over 2 hours ago). He continued to say my order was on the way but could not tell me when it would arrive; he offered to remake my order and resend. When I pressed him on if my original order was actually ever made he could not answer me. I told him unfortunately if he had listened to me one of the first three times I had called I would have accepted his offer to remake the order but now I would be seeking my dinner elsewhere tonight (and not doing business with them again).Rich City has a pretty extensive vegetarian section. I discovered this recently when our regular Chinese delivery favorites were already closed for the night. Rich City, not bad for a back-up plan...
 Rich City's veg menu is fairly mock-meat heavy, using the wheat gluten/soy/konnayaku protein in kung paos and General Tso's. It's a great opportunity to do the whole, "Hmmm...leeet'ssss sseeee....what's the the leeeeast healthy vegan thing I can eat... Ah! Here we are- Deep-fried battered fake meat!" Sweet sauced in shiny shellac. Listen, I'm not judging. These are words of reluctant love cause I just get that kinda tooth sometimes too.
Really though, I much prefer their bean curd dishes. The people in Rich City know what they're doing with the tofu. My current favorite order is the bean curd and eggplant in garlic sauce, comes with rice, of course. The eggplant is typically perfectly cooked, and I already told you that I likes what they do with the tofu... For about 7 buckaroos, it's a pretty satisfying and healthy-ish meal for ya. I always ask them to make it extraextraextra hot and spicy, they never do. Not even slightly. I'm not really complaining, I just keep asking and one of these days, I think it might just happen. I'll be surprised. I'll tell you all about. In the mean time, it's a good thing I always have hot chile oil and such at the abode. I believe in always being prepared when it comes to condiments.this is definitely my go-to place for lunch. they have really great lunch specials (fried rice, a large selection of dishes, and a soup for less than $7, usually hovering around $5-6). I've gotten the eggplant with chicken (my favorite) and the shrimp/scallops (3 large shrimps and 3 large chunks of scallops for $7, definitely a good deal) that were really great. I appreciate that they don't cook everything with too much salt or oil. I feel like recently they've stepped up their game on lunch. for dinner, I would usually go elsewhere because the chef they have at night seems to be on the newer side, as some of the dishes are undercooked (I'm slightly allergic to raw soy so I need my tofu cooked well, and I had a slight itch last time I had their mapo tofu so I had to reheat over stove for 10 minutes myself). otherwise, this is definitely my place to go get chinese in society hill. the prices are cheap and the flavors are good.I placed my order at 730pm via the Eat24 app and my order didn't arrive till almost 930pm. I was quoted 45mins to 60mins. I was on chat support with eat24 and rich city was telling them that they were here when they weren't. I ordered pan friend noodles and general Tso. The general tso was delicious as always but that pan fried noodles were cold and soggy. It was disgusting. 
The driver didn't even apologizing for being an hour late. He handed me the food and walked away.
This was my goto spot but I have to rethink that now.
Very very unhappy.Big fan of Rich City.  Friendly service, quick delivery.  Dishes have lots of veggies that are nicely cooked - never soggy.  Chicken is real chicken - no mystery meat, beef  is tender and shrimp are big and not rubbery.  Fairly standard Americanized Chinese food but they will make things hotter, add veggies, steam etc   I have ordered a wide array of dishes from all areas of the menu and I have never been disappointed.I ordered through EAT24, the order took an hour. I ordered pork with garlic sauce, the appetizer sampler platter and a small order of fried rice for my wife and I. We threw 3/4 of it away. There was absolutely no flavor. It was all breaking and vegetables very little meat. Everything tasted exactly the same bland. The white rice had more flavorbest food !!! best service !! fast delivery !! tried almost everything its always good !!!after moving to philly i've finally found my "go to" spot for chinese delivery.  this place is reliable and consistent.  first off, it's cheap and it's good.  moreover i continue to order from this place because the food isn't too greasy, the fried items are crispy, the veggies are fresh, and the delivery comes within 30-45 minutes every time.  lastly, bonus points for their online ordering capabilities, even though you're robbing yourself of the best part of the chinese take-out experience by not calling... NO AND THEN!!Probably the best General Tso's I've had in the city. Best I've ever had is/was Tangs Garden in Limerick, PA.
Delivery seems to vary from week to week. I've had it take well over an hour and sometimes in 30 minutes.
All in all pretty good quality food. I've tried maybe 5-6 places in the city and this is by far my favorite.Quick and delicious.  It's the best option near South Street.This place was recommended to me by a friend and I'm glad I took his suggestion to heart.
I love the name of this place! I've never been to the actual restaurant but this is my preferred Chinese carry out. Really fresh veggies that aren't overcooked still vibrant in color with the right amount of crunch. I ordered the vegetarian chicken w/ stringbeans-brown rice (not on the menu) and was a little freaked out the "chicken" was a little too real, but once I told myself this is NOT chicken I really couldn't get enuff. I was addicted and it took about 2 weeks for me to stop craving it!
oh and no MSGI got the sweet and sour chicken combination platter, almond cookies, and fried noodles. The sweet and sour chicken was delicious, the egg roll was way too mushy, and the rice was not fried. The fried noodles seemed old. The almond cookies were okay. Delivery guy was 10 mins late using grub hub tracking. Probably won't order from there again.Yuck! Me and my bf's food arrived very watery and in a cheap aluminum container. It was so disappointing and not edible. The delivery man was incredibly late, and had terrible phone etiquette. It was on the pricey side too, what the hell? I could have gone anywhere else and it would have been better. Never again.i almost never get chinese food. and i'd probably never come here if it wasn't two blocks away. it's a little bit closer to me than golden empress and open later, but the vegetarian options are much more limited. but since there's only a handful of good things on the menu at golden empress anyway it doesn't really matter. it's a little hard to gauge which appetizers and soups are definitely vegan, even if you ask, so you should probably stick to the entrees. they're pretty substantial anyway.
most people get take out or delivery here, as there's really no other explanation for why they're still in business. i've never seen anyone but what appears to be the staff sitting at tables. that said, you're pretty much guaranteed quick service if you dine in. and it's quiet and dimly lit, but still easy to read a newspaper in here. you should be able to pick up wi-fi (unofficially.)
the food is ok. not amazing, but not horrible. the veggies seem to be fresh. the fake chicken and beef are funny. not bad just not what you might expect. kind of like fillo dough or carpaccio if it were made out of wheat gluten. you don't get tea with your order and it's a $1 more for brown rice. it doesn't seem like they charge extra when you ask if you can get whatever veggie added to your entree.
overall good and cheap. you can get out of here for dinner for $12 with tip. the lone eel that's been in the tank by itself without even any rocks or greens to play with makes me sad, but i try not to look at him :(I grew up in Brooklyn, NY.  Chinese food was pretty close to a religion in my family.  Then I moved out West for college and work and Chinese food fell by the wayside.  One of the biggest reasons I was excited to move back to Philly and the East Coast was the food, including Chinese food.  Rich City is not a place for a date, or even to visit in person.   It is, however, exactly what you should expect out of a go-to Chinese Delivery place.  It's cheap, quick, and reliable.  In a phrase, this place meets expectations but don't expect to be wowed.This is my go to Chinese spot. Its exactly what you would expect for a takeout Chinese place. Their combination platters are quality and come with a lot of food. They are always willing to substitute/customize an order and they've never messed up an order (and I've been ordering from them for 6 years and counting) Appetizers are good (I recommend the fried veggie dumplings) and their bean curd soup is awesome, they give you a ton of soup with lots of veggies in it, its my go to soup when I am sick.The food is good. The lo mein isn't excessively greasy, general tsous is perfect. They deliver and you can order online with a credit card.I have ordered food here several times and have always ordered their General Tao's chicken and their pork fried rice.  My favorites from Rich City.  My son loves their fried pizza and we always order two orders for him.  Would definitely come back for more.  Fast delivery and good food!!!Definitely a good place for Chinese take-out.  The food is very inexpensive and better than most.  The chicken was all white meat which was a nice surprise for a smaller Chinese take-out.   In addition, the delivery time was unbelievably quick, which sometimes means more than anything else.  The best part about Rich City is the one free soda they give me with my TWO entrees...12 once variety that is.Egg roll was mushy. Chicken fried rice was not even fried but seemed steamed and bland. The wonton soup had a weird sweet and soapy taste. The sesame chicken was ok. I wouldn't get from here again.The Sweet and Sour Chicken combo could have more chicken, but for $6.75 it's still a good deal. Outside of that this place is all you'll ever need in terms of American-Chinese delivery. 
2 big bonusses are that they take credit cards even on deliveries and that they offer you 10-15% discounts if you place your order through their website. 
Make sure to ask for extra sauces if you like more than one of each because that is all that they will include if not specifically requested. Get sum!Cheap fast and average quality
Not gourmet, but better than you would expect based on reviews 
I ordered General Tso chk platter with a spring roll and white rice $8.65
I received pork fried rice instead of white rice but it was no big deal bc I like both, but if you're allergic/vegan or have diet restrictions make sure you double check. Also the spring roll had a piece of shrimp in it, so it's not vegetarian. Probably the veggie roll is safer bet
I ordered at 10:20 pm and picked up my food at 10:30
I would definetly go here again to get my greasy Chinese late-night fixThis review is on service only, they let me know hours later they couldn't fulfill that order and had sent me a substitute I didn't want. They put me "on hold" and took another order during our callUsually have a pretty good experience (except their Chinese pizza sucks) but tonights order took an hour and ten minutes and they kept hanging up on me in confusion when I was asking what was going on.  When the food did come the driver didn't even apologize.  Horrible service.  If you're going to order make sure you give yourself plenty of time.Question ..  why does Rich City  come up when you search Gluten Free Chinese but when you call them no one knows what has flour in it and what doesn't
If there was one Chinese food place that used gluten free soy sauce (corn starch instead of flour) in their meals they would MAKE A KILLING.
Such a simple switch with absolutely no taste change.  Anyone want to make some money?Delivery was here in 30 minutes. Ordered everything online and included specific notes- all of which they followed. Food was hot and flavorful.
We ordered General Tso's tofu (soft tofu, breaded lightly and fried in a sweet sauce with chili peppers), Bean Curd with Eggplant in Garlic Sauce(eggplant was perfectly cooked), and Bean Curd with Mixed Vegetables (we're so exciting, right?)
The tofu in the latter two dishes was exquisitely prepared. Sure, it's just deep fried bean curd, but you can tell they really press all of the liquid out of their blocks. The tofu comes out crispy and chewy and awesome. Sure, it's pretty oily, but hey- you're the one who ordered takeout Chinese food.
Definitely recommended for the Society Hill/Queen Village area.I wanted cheap Chinese food close to my apartment and that is exactly what I got. Combination platters include fried rice and an egg roll. The restaurant does not seem to communicate with Eat24 as well as some others; I never received a notification when my order was ready, for example, and an Eat24 request for status update went unanswered. Nevertheless, the food was apparently prepared quickly since it looked like it had been ready for a while by the time I arrived to pick it up (approximately half an hour after I placed the order).I just moved to town that night and I dropped in late hoping to get something w/o a huge wait...food was fast and well cooked ( I got the Lobster & Chicken w/veg in a white sauce).  As other reviewer mentioned, quality chicken...not a rubbery chunk off the breast and without a single piece of gristle/fat that you sometimes get with a quick chop sometimes. Looks like I got lucky...I'll be going back to Rich City.
Wished I'd ordered an eggroll based on how good the sauce was. I'll be headed back!3.5 stars really.
It's standard Americanized Chinese with slightly better ingredients, quick delivery, and really nice people.  They deliver whole peking duck (always a plus for me) so that's a huge bonus and separates them a bit.For takeout Chinese food, this place is phenomenal. I order from this place every Thursday and it has not once disappointed me. Huge portion sizes, so I have leftovers for the next day's lunch. Also, the delivery from this place is super speedy (most times it says delivery will be between 45-55 minutes, but it usually arrives in about 25 minutes).I agree with Clinton A. and all the other one stars.  
1.  I ordered through Grubhub for this restaurant.  The restaurant delivered a wrong item and then blamed it on me.  LOL-Ok, fine...I'll take the hit on that one...whatever.
2.  The Chicken Lo Mein was rancid and they not only refused to replace the order, but also refused to refund.  
3.  When attempting to discuss the matter with the restaurant, the woman I was speaking with stated, "we have been serving it like that all day."  What? Did you just say that out loud???  Really?  It's disturbing enough that it happened to me, but a confirmation that everyone else was served rancid poultry, is nothing short of mind boggling. 
4.  They deserve a visit from the board of health and a very steep fine in my opinion.  I really hope no animals were harmed in the filming of this horror flick.
5.  As if the first 4 scenarios aren't crazy enough, make sure you ask for the full "Rich City Experience," when you order.  This includes your delivery guy having some kind of conniption fit in the hallway of your home as an added bonus.  Very disconcerting to say the least.
In Summary: You have 5 valid reasons NOT to ever order from this restaurant.  Consider yourself warned.  The same five fingers used to count the reasons not to order, may be needed to cover your mouth as you make a mad dash for the bathroom if you do order.Really good food, super fast delivery and friendly helpful service. They are also a great place to eat in. Very quiet and romantic for a date night.Man, I hate to be the debbie downer on this place (after reading the reviews I was actually pretty excited to try it) but the food did not live up to the hype.  We got take-out for lunch and I had the General Tso's lunch combo thing (what can I say, I like to try something consistent).  I was especially looking forward to the "high quality" chicken, which is one of the things I love about Square on Square.  Alas, what I got was something I would expect to get at just about any random Chinese take-out place.  The General Tso's was typical, pork fried rice tasted generically pork fried-rice-y, egg roll was definitely nothing to write home about.  They're closer to my office than Su Xing, but the extra few blocks might be worth it for what I would get...Synopsis: Overpriced unexceptional food.   
The General Tso's chicken I ordered was pretty good...nothing spectacular but overall decent takeout food. If my rating was based solely on the General Tso's meal I would probably give 3.5-4 stars. Again the food is good but at $9.75 for General Tso's takeout in Philly that chicken should have rocked my taste buds or at least made me smile. I'm all for "you get what you pay for" so why is it that other Chinese takeout spots in Philly are significantly cheaper and provide better tasting food? If I'm going to spend $10 per dish on Chinese takeout I opt for Golden Empress Garden down the street on 5th...at least I can justify the cost of food with quality.
My last and final experience with Rich City is when I ordered Chicken and Garlic Sauce @ $9.25...there was almost no chicken...it was all peppers onions and carrots in a watered down garlic sauce...I would have been upset if I paid $5 for it...
Overall...would not recommend and will not be going back.I found this place through a blog post about the best Chinese takeout joints in center city.  I have to say, they weren't lying!  I've been dying to find some classic Americanized Chinese takeout in old city, and most places near my job just weren't worth the money (or were way too expensive). 
I ordered the General Tso's lunch special, and it was exactly what I wanted!  Perfectly spicy (unlike most places, where they serve you sweet goop instead of spicy sauce) and the chicken was good, not too much breading.  The rice was perfect, which is also unusual for most lower-priced Chinese places.  
The food was ready quickly and was still very hot when I returned to my job, deliciousness in hand.  I'll definitely return.This place is truly the best Chinese restaurant I have ever been to. I am a returning customer who enjoys many of their dishes. They are a gem to the city of Philadelphia.Rich City is the best Chinese food I've had in the area here!  Yes, being it's so good they do get very busy and I've learned over the years to figure in 45 minutes to an hour for them to deliver especially on rainy or inclement weather nights.  If other people love their food just like I do then yes, of course Rich City would get busy and that's a good thing if you ask me.  The food is always great and I love the steamed chicken with mixed vegetable and the sweet and sour chicken is amazing too!  Oh, and the pizza rolls are the best... It's worth the wait!Being new to the neighborhood, others recommended Rich City for Chinese. I called ahead for take-out. The staff was friendly, got my order correct, and it was ready when they said it would be. Inexpensive, cooked well, and although my fortune cookie didn't have a fortune inside, I don't hold it against the restaurant, since I'm pretty sure they don't make the fortune cookies themselves.Bad take out Chinese .. Definitely had better at many other places around the city. The pork fried rice tastes weird the delivery man was rude . Not recommended .This place is a joke - placed a delivery order that didn't meet their minimum so they cancelled it on me. Then replaced and added more food and I was magically "out of their delivery zone" which wasn't the case 5 minutes prior so they cancelled AGAIN. Garbage restaurant. Garbage "customer service".Read the reviews and decided to try Rich City. Liking the idea of ordering dinner from my couch; I placed my order online, scheduled a delivery time  and paid(tip too) and food was still late. After I called to ask where my food was, the driver appeared at my door.  
Boneless ribs very good. House special fried rice excellent. Steamed dumplings were blah.  I will order again and online too.I have been here a number of times, and the food is consistently good and the service is consistently friendly and polite. The prices are also extremely reasonable. If you are craving Chinese food, this is the place to go.This was my Chinese take out place when I lived in the neighbordhood.  Their General Tso and Pineapple Chicken were decent and I've never had any issues ordering from them through Seamless Web.  The food was always ready when I picked it up and the service was fine. I am not sure I would want to dine in here as it's not very nice inside. For take out, this place works just fine. Their portions are large and their prices are cheap. I recommend trying them out. It's not gourmet Chinese but it's not bad.Chicken on a stick was as dry as jerky. Scallion pancakes were dry and without flavor. Sesame noodles were watery. Moo shoo chicken was passable. Delivery took almost an hour. Food is cheap but there are so many places that are better.Chinese take out is just that. It's not supposed to be amazing but serve a purpose. With that said I think the food here is better then most others out there. I think the food they use is a better quality then most others out there. I also think they have a better selection of vegetarian food. I live in No Libs and this is the only Chinese place I order from. Also the girl who always answers the phone is a total sweetie. She always remembers me. Maybe that's a sign I order from there to often lol.Let me preface by saying, I specifically joined Yelp so I could review this restaurant. 
I ordered for delivery:
-Hunan Chicken - typically a dry dish and I thought something they would be able to do well since it's Chinese and not Chinese-American. it was sitting in a bath of oil. 
-Eggplant in Garlic Sauce - the eggplant was undercooked and hard. 
I called them to provide feedback. I started with the eggplant; the woman on the phone offered to send over a new batch. Then I moved on to the Hunan Chicken; she was unable to provide any reasoning nor was she interested in correcting it either by future discount, refund or a new dish all together. 
I do NOT recommend this restaurant.Best Chinese food in the Society Hill area!  Super friendly staff, they let me take as much duck sauce as I want!They don't care.  They just don't care.  I walked in to get some take out and I had to basically walk into the kitchen to find the girl.  Okay, so she was peeling shrimp but I don't want shrimp, I want her to take my order.  And she was all like, oh great, a customer, can you see I'm peeling shrimp you inconsiderate bastard.
Also, they got a pile of crap over in the corner of the dining room, with a kids bike and some plywood and stuff.  Oh, what a nice dining atmosphere.  Good thing I wasn't eating there.
I ordered tofu and string beans and she did not ask me what kind of rice I wanted nor did I tell her what kind of rice I wanted.  I guess that one's on me but usually they always ask a customer, "What kind rice?"  So they gave me pork fried rice.  Yo, I ordered string beans and tofu.  Why the $&@# would I want pork fried rice?  OK, so they are not mind readers but why would you assume that I wanted pork fried rice with my tofu and string beans?  Well, I'm not exactly a vegetarian so I ate it anyway.  It wasn't bad, that's why I gave them two stars, but the hot and sour soup was a little too gelatinous for my taste.
Anyway, the point is they just don't care.Seriously the best chinese take-out around. We've been ordering from them for the past 3 years and everything is always sooo fresh and perfect. The combo-platters are perfect... we like the sesame chicken, general tso's, shrimp and broccoli (the shrimp are HUGE and very fresh), shrimp and cashew, sweet and sour chicken, house special fried rice, boiled dumplings, etc, etc.... you get the point. :-)The person who answered the phone was not the nicest.  No big deal really, they might be the super busy.  But c'mon, Fried wontons are not fried NOODLES. Even my six year old granddaughter knows the difference.Got delivery from here. We got ma po tofu, dumplings, wonton soup, and lo mein. The ma po tofu was sickly sweet and didn't have that delicious meaty greasy spicy flavor you look for. The won ton soup tasted watery. The lo mein was ok but a little off. Not saucy enough or something. The dumplings were decent but a little doughy.
All that being said. It was a ton of food for a very cheap price.Really gross chinese food. Order boneless pork ribs and it was super try, hard, over fried. You could tell the meat was old, probably a month old. Also ordered the peppered steak and onion and the meat was super weird. Just nasty. Not good tasting.I'm not going to write about the food. It's pretty standard and it's good. I always order from here. 
What i do want to write about is the experience eating here. It's awesome because you will always have the place to yourself. Seriously, inside Rich City is a ghost town and it's a shame because the place is actually nice inside. It's not like going into No. 1 Chinese Food only a few blocks away (where my dad, for some reason, loves to get his take out) where the place is dirty and sticky. Rich City is a decent spot. 
I used to come here all the time with my friends and eat dinner inside. The service is friendly and quick, but they never rush you out the door.   Bonus points for the most random music selection ever. Celine Dion? Michael Jackson? Awesome and authentic background music!Excellent food decent prices and super fast. Definitely recommend this place place to anyone in the area. Sesame bean curd was on point and the egg rolls are fresh not a frozen over fried wet cabbage roll. Salute.The delivery took two hours.  We called numerous times and were told, repeatedly, "the driver is on his way."  The last time we were hung up on...Also, the food was just standard Chinese.  Go elsewhere for your General Tso's needs.