Little hard to find but when I found it the place was immaculate and I only was looking for Kielbasa but ended up with numerous items and the entire family enjoyed the meal.  Great food great customer service and reasonably priced.Hungarian brat/wurst whatever...it's the best!
You seriously cant' go wrong ordering something out of the case and serving it for dinner.  I tried the snapper soup, which comes frozen in batches in the freezer, and heated it up in a pot. So good! I'm totally a fan and it's so close too! Win for me!
I would go on about the place, but really you don't need to read a descriptive romance novel about this place to fall in love. Just go in, order some stuff, go home and eat it. 
In the words of Gordon Ramsay, "Simple! Rustic! Yeah!"
P.S. Credit cards accepted with minimun $10 purchase, but I'm sure you won't have a problem ordering more than $10 worth of stuff. Nom nom.Love this place! It's a meat-lover's dream. It's always really hard to limit what I buy when I go there. Great meats, and a good selection of prepared German foods. Always busy on weekends and everyone is always so friendly and helpful. A lot of packaged items from Germany too. Worth a side-trip or even a destination of it's own. I'm getting hungry just writing this.
And after you've finished shopping walk across the street to Hop Angel Brauhaus and have a tasty beer. Good selection and awesome German foods. (The Burgermeister Meisterburger is worth a trip by itself!)The best German food you will find and enjoy ,Austrian Village is a few blocks up the Pike also excelent .Excellent hand crafted hot dogs,knockwurst,bratwurst,etc.
Plus you can buy one of each and are not limited to a pack of 12.
The in-store-made rouladen is delicious!!!!!!
Worth the trip if you like German food.
They also offer a variety of ready-made---homemade items like
stuffed peppers,etc.
One of the few good German-style delis left in the Philadelphia region!This place is everything that you could hope for in a butcher.  Quality cuts of meat, beautiful homemade sausages, all the accoutrements to go with.  Friendly staff.  A place to buy authentic German foods, fresh or packaged for you to store in your freezer.  Soups, stews, spaetzle, condiments.  Found out about this place about 4 months ago and have made it nearly a ritual to shop here every Saturday morning. Highly recommended.This unassuming German butcher shop is the REAL DEAL!  They have high-quality meats for reasonable prices, and an impressive selection of European dry goods.  I have sampled many of their soups, and they remind me of things my grandma used to make, simmering away in her kitchen for hours.
The staff is all very friendly, obviously a family-run place that has been in the neighborhood for years.  I love when the older lady (grandma, maybe?) is working at the meat counter in the back.  If I ask too many questions about what is in a marinade or stuffed into a chicken, she eventually just tells me in a heavy accent "Is good - you will like."Truly the best fresh wursts, potato salad, landsjäger, fresh spätzle, etc.
Parking lot entrance behind the store accessed from Rhawn ST.Awesome, just like being back in Germany. 
The smoked whip cured and dried sausage was a dead ringer for waldwurst. 
Expensive, but worth it for the quality.Holy cow this butcher is fantastic!  Excellent German sausages in a variety of styles, and if you call ahead they can get you pretty much any part of the pig or cow you're looking for.  Selection of German specialty goods too.  Thank you Rieker's -- you show Philadelphia how it should be done!Love Love Love their German Potato Salad! It is the best potato salad I have ever had! It beats any mayo based potato salad! They make it daily, so it's fresh everyday. Will always come back here for more.Great house made and imported German foods and specialties. Unique place worth traveling to.Beautiful German and European delicatessen - I can get all my meats, cheeses, wurst, rye, mustards, gherkin, pierogi.. And all so delicious!A NE Philly institution. Closest we get to having anything like reading terminal market. Try the jagdwurst that's what my grand mom used to get.German meats that bring me back to my childhood. The staff could be a little more helpful for those of us who don't know as much about their offerings as others. But the products are top shelf. Delicious! Or should I say...Wunderbar!!What great fresh meats!! I got my Thanksgiving turkey here last year, it was fresh and so so so tasty! Their brats and wursts are to die for. They have German specialties, topped with great customer service.Very pleased with my bratwurst, bockwurst, and veal loaf that I purchased here last week.  The smoked pork chops are almost as good as the ones they used to sell at the now-closed Illg's Meats.  Also, they have liver dumplings in the freezer case!  I have often made liver dumplings at home, but have never seen them offered at retail.  Plus, the customers and the staff bantered happily in German while I shopped.  A delightful gem of a butcher/deli!You will never buy your roast beef from another deli or store again.
UPDATE:  Last time I was there buying roast beef cold cuts, I grabbed two of their famous German burger patties to throw on the grill for dinner that night.
It was like heaven in my mouth with every bite.One stop Oktoberfest shop. Ok, I should be shopping at Rieker's more than once a year because of their fresh meats. Their german imports are as good as it gets in Philly. Don't bother with the super market or Johnsonville brats ever again. How can you beat brats freshly cased on-site? Sprinkle in fresh spätzle, sauerkraut, imported mustard....add liters of Märzenbier and boom, instant Bavarian fare. Prost!A must place to shop for a wurst fix, don't miss it! And the Butter cake!!!Get your meat from here.  Sure, it'll cost a more than ShopRite or Holiday Market.  But man... your life may change once you eat high-quality cuts that Reikers give you.Once a year...in October...a dormant gene comes to life and propels me towards German food and beer.  Not to be confused with the Italian gardening gene, that makes Italian men grow tomatos, peppers, garlic, etc. once they hit their 40's, the German (or Oktoberfest) gene creates insatiable cravings for bratwurst, pickles, saurkraut, potato salad, and strudel.
Rieker's simply excels in all things German.  I was throwing an Oktoberfest party at my house, and needed lots of stuff.  Everything was great; I went with three different brats (beerwurst, knockwurst, and oktoberfest)....all smoked...a tub of potato salad (served without mayo...unique and delish), and saurkraut (I'm not a kraut fan but this stuff was good).  I also picked up three different authentic mustards, a couple jars of pickles, and two different strudels.
The party was a hit.  The proverbial icing on the strudel was that a German national came along who was in town on work, and was actually from Bavaria.  He confirmed that the food was authentic to the region and as good as home.  We washed down the food with some German beers (Hofbrau Original, Spaten, etc.) that I picked up from the Beer Yard in Wayne.
Well, the Oktoberfest gene has gone back into dormancy for another year, no longer driving me...like salmon returning to their spawning grounds...toward German delicacies.  However...my garlic is up...Now that Illg's is closed (so sad), Rieker's seemingly is the only game around for German meat specialties.  Even to an avoider of forced-meat products (the Mister, however, is a huge fan), the sheer variety of  wursts offered here is impressive. The exquisiteness of their products is underscored by the number of selective food boutiques (and restaurants) that stock their products.  
The Mister has proclaimed the Bratwurst quite excellent.   We also bought a rolled roast (cannot recall the name), which the Mister also adored.  I found the filling too sweet but the meat itself was good quality. 
The European groceries also are a draw.  Here I was able to snag ammonia powder (difficult to find outside of import stores) for baking as well as some artisanal Springerle cookies, which the Mister (an expert regarding these cookies) declared excellent (although none could ever be as good as Mom's).
Worth a stop just to poke around.Stopped in here today to pick up some chuck steak for goulash.  The owner himself prepped the order (and it's beautiful beef), and also showed me his "latest creation": a pork tenderloin seasoned in with his own spice blend, wrapped with house-smoked bacon and then wound around a giant homemade knodel.  His pride was palpable and heart-warming.  I wound up also grabbing a slice of leberkase and fried it up for lunch.  Schmeckt GUT!Five stars all the way. Makes me wish I was German so I have an excuse to come here more often.Yes, it's all true. House made sausages, friendly service and good value for the price. You can make life long friends if you buy a prime rib here and share it with your friends.... it's awesome. 
You can also buy authentic German delicacies here which is a wonderful way to get the real taste of Europe.Love this place. Great bratwurst, beerwurst and knockwurst.  I ordered my Thanksgiving turkey from them and it was delicious.  Great staff and awesome German delights.This is a through back to the 1970's when you used to have a butcher shop and a variety store and where they knew how to cut ur steaks because they knew you. This is the same deal here. Really nice counter help. And excellent meats tooDelicious, delicious, delicious!  My stepfather is originally Swiss-German and is always asking me to pick up things to bring when I visit, so you know it is the real deal.  
Love everything that comes from here - the smoked pork chops, bratwurst, snapper soup, multaschen, landjaeger - you name it, I love it!  One day Walter talked me into buying a "special" stuffed beef roast he had just made.  It was incredible, the stuffing was divine.
I could spend $100 in here, no problem!The meats and sausages are top notch.
The bacon bratwurst are addictive and the pefferwurst is insanely good.
I'll be returning time and time againIf you're willing to spend a little extra cash on some great food. This is worth every penny. I probably come here 7 or 8 times a year. Usually for a holiday or event. Can't go wrong with whatever you buy. The service is top notch!The first time I went to Rieker's it seemed as if I was the only one in the story that spoke English. Everyone else spoke German. There was an extensive German grocery section. They once sold frankfurters and had high top tables. Change is good. Still have some  groceries ("kraut, roltkolher, herring, mustrds etc.) but they added a large refrigerated section of their storemade items: soups, spatzle, etc. The key to the store is the meat and deli items.  I have German friends that shop here for family celebrations.  Once eat in a "German" luncheonette in Bridgepport who said his price point did not allow him to buy him to buy at  at Rieker's.Being the absolute food slut that I am, I love this place. Rieker's is like the Victoria Secret of meat! I swoon every time I step in.  
I get lost gazing into the glass cases at all the home made sausages and daily prepared meals. One gem that you wouldn't expect is the veal and/or chicken parm. My paisan friends, hold off on scraping your hand across your chin at me and try it! 
They also offer a lot of favored dry goods that folks like my grandmother would request over the years. But lest we forget it is all about the meat!
While there, pick up a half pound of Landjaegers and you'll be in meat stick heaven...so long slim-jim, step into a Landjeager!Great service and everything is fresh. Call your order in and they will have it ready for you when you want it.I like this place. 
You can buy Bacon by the slab and slice it however thick you want.
I've always preferred thick bacon. 
They also have Nürnberg Sausages. 
NÜRNBERGS. Godlike Breakfast sausages.Rieker's is Fox Chase's hidden gem. This is definitely a 5 star establishment. It takes you back to the old times when you would get excellent quality food & service.  Once you try it, you are hooked. They have the best meats around and will prepare it for you. Try it, you'll love it !I've been coming here for the bacon wrapped pork tenderloins and of course the kielbasa they are awesome and great on the grill.I think what Riekers forgets is that not only good, quality products are important for a successful business but so is good customer service and treating regular customers with respect...I don't want to get into details but when I spend part of my hard earned dollars somewhere I certainly don't want to be mocked or listen to rude comments when I go grocery shopping there....very disappointing... especially when I can spend my money on meats and bread at other European stores near by...which I will do from now on...sorry but that's just unacceptable behavior.Great meats. Went it get a couple different meats & wanted one of everything. Can't wait till dinner to throw these steaks on the grill!!! The workers were very nice & knowledgeable & gave us a few tips on how to cook certain cuts of meats and rootsChances are good you could hear German being spoken on a visit. This German shop is awesome, a must for anyone in to visiting specialty markets. The service is more than friendly from the family run institution. I felt like my grandmother was behind the counter because the woman helping me was like "you have to try this, have some more of that, that's not enough for you".  It's a hike from downtown Philly but your not going to find many places like this in the US. Nearly everything is made from scratch, including but not limited to, sausages, bratwurst, knockwurst, head cheese, veal loaf, spatzle, sauerkraut, etc, etc, etc. I could go on for a while. Their are windows looking into the prep area so you can watch them preparing food which is fun for those interested in such things(as I am). The sauerkraut, spatzle, brats and veal loaf(best thing I got) I bought were all excellent.The jewel of Rockledge, a great place to find almost all of your European delicatessen fair. Friendly helpful staff that will welcome you and help you navigate the bountiful display. I go there for the in house souse and blood and tongue cheese. There blood bangers makes a great spread for your everyday toasted bread. If you ever wanted to try uncommon deli meats from Germany and eastern euro and don't want to travel hours to get there drive on over to Rieker's you won't be disappointed.I went here on a very rigid search for some German meat and other goods that would survive a trans-continental and trans-oceanic voyage in a cardboard box. After a harrowing drive (get a friend to help navigate), we arrived and I was astonished at the sheer volume of meat behind the counter. I was not too surprised, however, because they list everything on their website complete with pictures and descriptions.
The counter staff was quick, I perused the rest of the place and finally picked up some sweets from their extensive selection of packaged food goods. Prices were reasonable (I paid about $10 for a couple pounds of meat, Ritter chocolate, salty candy and a drink). They also had deli meats and cheese, as well as their own spaetzle and other side dishes. I look forward to coming back here to stock up on more German goods.I think what Riekers forgets is that not only good, quality products are important for a successful business but so is good customer service and treating regular customers with respect...I don't want to get into details but when I spend part of my hard earned dollars somewhere I certainly don't want to be mocked or listen to rude comments when I go grocery shopping there....very disappointing... especially when I can spend my money on meats and bread at other European stores near by...which I will do from now on...sorry but that's just unacceptable behavior.Rieker's is worth the trip they have the best selection of German style Meats, Roasts, cold cuts, specialties and German/European products.
We always go here and stock up on the amazing Meats. Like the "LeberKaese" which we heat up in the oven and serve it in a roll/bun that's all it needs. Perfect every time just like the original taste from Germany. 
The store has a great selection of Cold Cuts, Cheeses, homemade Spaetzle, German style Potato Salad, Schnitzel, variety of Roasts, marinated Meats, Chicken, Pork, Bratwurst all to your hearts content. Have one of the friendly employees give you suggestions on what to try.
The selection of German/European products is wonderful you can get anything from German Vinegar, Mustards, Coffee, Chocolates, Christmas Candy, Gravy, Dumplings, Seasonings, Cookies, Breads, German Magazines so you can catch up on the gossip etc.
They sell a variety of Rieker's T-shirts, Hats etc.
We ordered a special cut of Pork and I made Schweinshaxe with Dumplings and Sauerkraut which turned out amazing. Its a German specialty Roasted Pork Knuckle with crispy skin also referred to as Ham hock.
Thanks to Mrs.Rieker's for making sure that we have our pre-ordered Pork on time. Just great customer service and friendly service from her and her Team. Makes you feel welcome and want to return time and time again.Worth the drive from Cape May County every single time!! Great customer service and AMAZING fresh meats and sausage/Wursts! Wish i lived closer but at the same time glad it is so far because i would be here constantly. Liverwurst is best i ever had, Bratwurst also best ever, you can not go wrong "candy shop for grown ups" is best description ever!Can't go wrong w/ any of their sausages! Nice homemade sauerkraut  & great stuffed peppers.Pass on the German potato salad; too bland; no bacon. House roasted beef and turkey are excellent. All kinds of roasts and other meats which someday I'll try.
Do not pass up Underberg @ the checkout counter. It is a digestive alcoholic bitter which has an amazing flavor and really works!Love this place!!! I am from Germany and love that I can have fresh and delicious awesomeness whenever I like. I love speaking German to some of the personnel there and just love going there weekly!! Authentic and wunderbar!This is a gem im the fox chase neighbor! Authentic German foods and specialty meats. My pop pop is from Bavaria and this is one of his favorite parts about this neighborhood. Everyone working there is helpful in helping you pick out exactly what you want. Highly reccomemd places like this are few and far between.I don't think I can live without the chicken pot pies! Especially when they're fresh and hot! They are an old world German sausage maker, it's still owned and operated by the Rieker family, you'd be surprised how which German language you hear when you walk in! 
They make all their sausages on sight, and the souse and Leberkäse and they smoke everything in house as well! My husband LOVES the triple smoked bacon. And the Texas Hot Sausages!!!
I think my absolute favorite thing that they have however, is a chicken florentine. It's chicken breast stuffed with cheese and spinach, wrapped up and coated with this German marinade that is made of Secrets and Happiness. 
They also have lots of German imported goods, everything from Hand käse, pickles, sauce and gravy mixes to vinegar, German language magazines, and sauerkraut.
Don't forget Christmas sweets like stollen (a million different types) and Lebkuchen too. Mmmm, a chocolate Weinachtsmann is so much better than a chocolate Santa.Being from the Northeast I knew of Rieker's (I worked at a coffee shop that was located across the street many, many years ago) but I never purchased anything from them before. My boyfriend's mom is from Germany and she would regularly take the drive from East Falls for specialty German items and their meats. We recently won a $100 gift certificate for Rieker's and was shocked by how much I was able to get for $100- a pound of the best bacon I've ever had, a pound of scrapple, a hanger steak the length of my forearm, 1 lb of salami, a bacon wrapped pork roast stuffed with sausage, 12 landjaeger (think freshly made slim jims only 1,000 x's better,) 1 lb of American cheese, 2 large containers of sauerkraut, 4 German wieners (hot dogs,) 4 freshly made hamburger patties, my boyfriend's favorite German mustard, and Wiener schnitzel. All of their meats are made in store, super fresh, and fantastic! So far we've had the bacon, hanger steak, and burgers and it was amazing! I took 2 burgers to my mom and she's been texting me for hours about how good it was. The employees working the meat counter were super attentive and friendly as were the girls at the register. They also have freshly made spätzle which I haven't tried yet as I'm currently doing low carb. I usually make the spätzle myself but I will definitely be trying theirs in the future! I will never going to buy our meat anywhere else! 
***forgot to mention that there's a parking lot behind the shop which can be accessed from Rhawn St***They are very welcome even if you are of a different race.there german hamburger are very good and the service is great.I love the specialty foods, meats and salads. I order holiday foods and they are always perfect. I've referred people there and they love it, too!I love this place! I love that it has a mom and pop feel to it. And I love that I can get quality meats in a Euro-style butcher shop. The merchandise is excellent - and the staff is efficient. I used to get some expert cooking advice for some of the meat, in 
my old butcher in California - but they don't do that here, which is why, I didn't give it 5 stars. This is a regular stop for me but without impeccable service I can't give it 5 stars.I had read about this place in a magazine and checked it out.  Small mom/pop feel and service was quick.  I got the potato salad.  It was good but bit on sour side.   I got their best selling bratwurst and it was very very good.  Surprisingly it was already precooked so all I had to do was grill it up.  Get their Amorosa rolls.  It's only 50cents and very fresh/soft.  I also got a container of their beef stew but haven't gotten the chance to try it out yet.  They also had some really good looking pierogies frozen.  I will definitely come back and try out other stuff again.Grew up eating food from here.  Still shop there when I'm in FC.  My fav market ever!  PröstBEST MEATS IN NE PHILLY! 
I travel from West Chester Once a year for meats for my Oktoberfest. EVERYTHING IS AMAZING!!!
Knowledge staff. Authentic products and merchandise. Fresh, house made home style food. YOU HAVE TO GO!This is one totally over-the-top meat market.  Their sausages and wurst are just the greatest.  I have had kielbasa, bockwurst, rauchpietschen, knockwurst, landjaegers, and some other hot Hungarian-style sausage.  They were ALL excellent.  Prices are much better than that "other" German butcher near Horsham, PA.  (don't get me wrong, their stuff is great too, but just getting very expensive anymore).  Counter service excellent, plenty of help there and you don't have to wait in line too long.  Wide variety of wursts and sausages, probably the best selection in the tri-state area.  Somehow the 45 min ride to this place is worth it.My father being from Germany,I've been coming here since I was a kid.  The people here are always extremely helpful and friendly. They have everything you could need as far as German delicacies. From seasonings,desserts,soups,candy imported from Germany,sausages,they have it all. My husband and I decided to stop buying meat from grocery stores anymore because of all the junk the put in it now. We only buy from local farms and reikers. The prices and quality of the meats at reikers are way better than the supermarket. While all their products are delicious,the bacon is on a whole other level. Make sure you try it. I live for cooking reikers bacon in cast iron on weekend mornings.Wieners!  REAL wieners!  Long links with snappy casing.  You'll never want the grocery store brand again after you've sampled these babies.  Try some of the housemade sauerkraut too.  Hungarian bratwurst? Oktoberfest bratwurst? Bacon knackwurst?  Yes, please!
I "boasted" to the woman at check out that "I come ALL THE WAY from Phoenixville to see you guys".  She replied that I'd lost because today she had customers from Florida and Virginia which really didn't surprise me in the least considering the quality here and the overall dearth of authentic German food purveyors.  
Das schmeckt gut!!!Almost as good as going back to the old country! 
I can do nothing but smile and take in the deli scents of perfectly seasoned wursts and German treats. The TEEWURST some of the BEST I've ever had. Touch of German "Senf" (mustard) I'm in heaven. 
 Get your wieners, Brats and "Weisswursts" here. Nothing else compares. 
Be sure to grab a few "landjaeger" a dried jerky sausage smoked that is great for a nice snack. 
Amazing folks and customer service lovely. Make the trip to this place - RIEKERS never disappoints!! 
PS- Christmas came early with nice selection of Stollen (holiday dried fruit cake- bread), Lebkuchen and other gingerbread and chocolate treats are in stock.
Be sure to check them out as featured on THE TRAVEL CHANNEL.  
Signed, C AustVery good, and authenticity German.
Their Cole Slaw is the best, unless I make my own.Was over there a few days before Christmas.  Things have changed!!!  Food is still good, but the help really seemed to have a huge stick up their collective asses.  Rude, curt, and ignorant behavior.  Oh, I'm so sorry for asking you a question.   Would I go back?  Hell yes, if for no other reason than to give some shit to the fat little "Hausfrau"  with the black hair and glasses that was so rude.  Kielbasi still rocks!!!Butcher great, No argument there. 
Front Desk customer service Not do great. In fact rude and obnoxious. 
Rushed at front counter, no one else's waiting behind me. Adult woman with hog warts shirt in was so rude to me that I just wanted to leave my basket and walk out. I was looking for 2 items in the shelf and she just kept asking me to check out even though I said I wasn't ready. Then she Told me to checkout rudely. I was floored. The other employees took notice that were in earshot. If I didn't enjoy the meat at this butcher I would have walked out. I hope I don't see her there again. I will probably go less now.I literally just stopped eating a bacon knackwurst in order to write this review. Rieker's Prime Meats is by far the best German shop that I've visited in the United States. The selection is incredible, the prices are incredibly accessible, and the food is perfect. 
I'm admittedly biased, having grown up with a German father, and taking frequent trips to visit his family, who owned a butcher shop in a small German town, and Rieker's was like taking a trip back in time. The minute I opened the door (parking lot is in the back), the smell took me back to Mayen. The meat counter stretches for what seems like miles, and is filled with prepared cuts (marinated meats, stuffed meats, expertly-butchered cuts), and the rest of the store features all of the German brands of sauces (Maggi), spices (Knorr), desserts (Kinder Chocolate), and more. I was basically a kid in a candy shop. 
I wanted to get my bearings before ordering meat, so I started by picking up some spicy pickles, German dumplings, Westphalia rye bread, and other treats, and browsing their extensive selection of Germany-themed flags, hats, scarves, and more. They had a wide variety of my favorite Germany mustard (Thomy), as well as frozen pretzels and fresh Amorosa rolls, sauerkraut, red cabbage, potato salad, and prepared sides like cucumber and onion salad, and incredibly flaky, sweet, and gooey apple struedel. 
Once I was ready to immerse myself in German meats, I walked over to the counter and was served immediately. They have a number system for when it's packed (and while it wasn't packed while I was there, there was a steady stream of customers the entire time), but service moves quickly. 
There were a couple of things I knew I wanted (bacon knackwurst, landjaeger), a type of ham I didn't know the name of, but knew how to describe the taste (turns out it's Westphalia ham), and then wanted to try some new things. The guy who helped me was wonderful, and he brought us several things to try, resulting in me buying the best bologna I've ever tasted, and two other cooked sausages (Rauchfleish and Pfefferfleish). 
Rieker's is a must-do for anyone who enjoys German food, but it's also great for buying super high quality meats at an affordable price point, and if I lived nearby, I would definitely go there for lunch. Es ist wunderbar!Best German products in the area. Their sausages are delicious! Also, a great Holiday spread of yummy sweets like Stollen, Pfeffernüsse, Marzipan Kartoffeln, etc.It's good to know you can still get authentic German wursts that taste like you were in Munich!A neighborhood favorite bringing crowds from surrounding areas to pick up fresh meats weekly. Can never go wrong with anything here.This place rocks.  They sell all the best treats from Deutschland: authentic German pretzels, pumpkin seed oil, Zwieback, chocolates, Maggi cucumber salad seasoning, spicy mustard, a few cheeses, sausages, triple-smoked bacon, and even Lebkuechen and Stollen around the holidays.  It's a short walk from the Fox Chase rail station, so it's doable even for those living the car-free life.Great food. Terrible service. Please remember people are coming in and are paying with their hard earned money. Supporting your business year after year. They deserve good service. Not arms in the air, loud comments, embarrassing remarks. Can't imagine being annoyed because business is thriving while others are closing!!!! 
Yet, still my family members ordered food. If your stressed out please get help!!! No one deserves to feel belittled while placing an order or asking questions. Take a step back and take a deep breath. Thank you!!!This is an awesome place to get German products. A lot of prepared food, such as stuffed chicken, cutlets, bacon wrapped chicken, stuffed pork, stuffed cabbage. My downfall is the German dessert such as the streudel, Black Forest cake, and holiday cookies such as pfefernuse, stolen, and ginger cookies. They also have pierogies including fruit filled kinds. 
I had the stuffed chicken and split pea soup. Highly recommended both of them.
Fresh spaetzel, red cabbage, and German potato salad are must have side dishes to get. 
The crab cake has a lot of fillers, I don't recommend it.
Service is fast and they definitely reinforce the mask. I saw the staff reprimanded a customer who didn't cover his face. 
My recommendation is to bring a bag if you shop a lot because they only provide paper bag.Best German meats ever. I can't
Stop dreaming about
All the good
Meats they serve thereI have been twice in the past week!     I had seen them Bizarre Foods years ago and wanted to visit ever since and never finding a reason to trek the hour to the shop.   
Last week I had my chance, the fresh selection is diverse  and they make great recommendations.     I can't wait to go again.   
The roast was perfect only errors were caused by me!
Oh and their liverwurst is amazing.Still the best and shortest way to get to Bavaria in Philadelphia. Everything Riekers created is outstanding. Not just the best German treats butt an outstanding butcher as well. You can't go wrong here.Try this place all soups are homemade, And the meats are cut to your orders.