AMAZING!!!!!! Thank you yelp-ers for the recommendation because this seriously is the best place for hot chocolate (and a show). It was a lot of fun and you feel at home here. Especially if your grandparents grew up in south Philly. The decor is not like anything you've seen before but that's what makes it so great. Bring your friends and enjoy!  Ps worth the $9 for the hot chocolate!Sweet little place to go if you wanna be the cool friend..totally eclectic and the hot chocolate is out of this world. the owner is AMAZING !! Make It Happen!!RIM cafe is a chocolate filled gem! I visited RIM when I was on my way to a cannoli shop across the street that was closed when I arrived, then a few people walking by recommended I go to RIM since it was still open. I am glad they made the suggestion! When you first walk in you may be overwhelmed by the excessive decor,but you will be greeted with a warm welcome by the Godfather and his friendly staff. The drinks are to die for super rich and decadent. If you're looking for a "guilt-free" fat-free dessert, this is not the place for you. If you're out for a unique family style dessert experience, RIM is the place to be. Cannoli's are amazing, they even have some dipped in peanut butter, my favorite!I love the hot chocolate and huge variety of interesting ways they are prepared here, and the prep is fun to watch. There's a lot of chocolate and chocolate-filled goods here, but if you're looking for something gourmet you might want to try someplace else. Highly recommend visiting at least once though, especially if out of town and are in the area.best hot chocolate in town. rene is the charactere. i love this place. no coffee to go. the way to goRIM Café c'est René.
The atmosphere is perfect, like a giant collector's den. I have been there a few times, even met René's nephew from Nice once. It is just so Algerian-French, perfect. René's motorcycle just inside the door is icing on the cake. Speaking of which, René makes all his own chocolate, despite the high prices, it is worth it. 
So go in, have a coffee or hot chocolate and talk to René or his wife and come away believing you left South Philly for at least a few minutes!not much to say -- its chocolate everything all day everyday. its cute, small. go.Alright, if you are in the area grabbing a Philly cheesesteak, leave a little room for a hot chocolate and cannoli from Rim. I went the traditional route, milk chocolate hot chocolate and a standard cannoli. It was the perfect way to warm up after a frosty wait for Pat's steak!"Make it Happen"-Rene
Rene I love you! You make my heart warm!!!The 1st day I visited my friend and I went in and was immediately greeted by Rene. I had a long day at the range and was in stress mode. All of that went out the door when I was greeted.
I ordered the White Chocolate Volcano & Cappuccino Brulée. I was in tears. Rene made us some fresh Caramel and gave us some treats to try. How I love this place and Rene. There are days where there is live music and events. There are many pictures and items to view. 
Rene & Rim Cafe creates an experience. Prices are very true to the items actually they are fairly low. Experience is everything so price means nothing. Rene and staff go above and beyond to "Make it Happen".
You will enjoy every bit of this place. He is truly a "God-Father". Any day I feel down I try to go visit. Thanks for everything Rene & Rim Cafe.Not seen much in Philly area but I will have to start. Besides Gino's and Pat's cheese whiz, there is one more liquid gold here and that is hot chocolate by the Godfather. 
You are taken away by the makeshift decor of this place as soon as you walk in along with some sweet smell of chocolate and coffee. A cozy and very welcoming place. The owner himself takes pride in what he sells and how he sells it. It is all about love for the chocolate and people here. The "Godfather" will personally make your hot chocolate and make sure it is awesome. 
We had original volcano and every other hot chocolate here, lol. The range of exotic chocolates are bing used in making the heavily goodness. 
Do put his place on your bucket list. 
As always you have to try it to believe it. #happyeatingRene along with the hot chocolate that he makes is an unstoppable combination!  Make it happen!This was quite possibly the most expensive hot chocolate I have ever had in a paper cup.  The proprietor is great warm friendly and always hollering "were gonna make it happen". The place is super dingy and could afford a good scrub.  The chocolate is shaved fresh and laced with oddities like Parmesan cheese, coconut, hazelnut and all sorts of stuff.  Overall the hot chocolate was pudding thick and not super hot and enjoyable.  Perhaps you might want the experience but 15.00 for 2 hot chocolates is absurd!Belle is as charming as she is talented. Serving a mean hot chocolate, not to mention her cannoli creams and cream anglaise! 
Do yourself a favour and indulge here.Owner René is a coffee and chocolate artist, and a lover of life and all souls.  There is no categorizing this quaint shop in the heart of the Italian Market, but you will leave with a smile on your face, a song in your heart, and mouthwatering chocolate in your tummy.  René is from France, but his heart is in Italy, and this eclectic cafe has an Italian feel to it with the fine Lavazza coffee used in all the imaginative coffee drinks.  The Iced Espresso is to die for, as are the Iced Crème Brûlée Latte, the Iced Salty Caramel Latte and the Iced Salty Caramel Avocado Latte.  I do not like avocado at all, and would never have known it was in there, but it's superb!  The hot drinks are also good, and the hot chocolate has won Philly Magazine's Best of Philly.  Like the coffee drinks, they are imaginative, with the Hot Chocolate Volcano being a favorite.  A cappuccino there is like nowhere else, and the homemade truffles and other sweets are creamy and delicious.  Everything is special here, and even the chocolates that are shaved to flavor and decorate the coffee and chocolate drinks are homemade and unusual, with flavor combinations like Parmesan Chocolate and Pistachio Chocolate.  The Rim has been featured on the Food Channel's Sugar High show with Duff Goldman.  But while the beverages and chocolates are creative and superb, the real star of the place is René himself.  There is no describing him.  He exudes passion and love for his creations and is an entertainer and a photographic artist.  He will take exquisite photos of the most unphotogenic person, and post them on Facebook for you to download and keep.  It is clear this is not work for him, and it's not a job.  Being at the Rim and joking and mingling with people, "making it happen," is his true love.  Yes, a drink there may cost $10, but it is not the drink you pay for, and as such, it is a very inexpensive form of entertainment.  René is very generous, sharing many of his creations.  At times he gives away more than he charges, having you try a new drink creation or a truffle at no charge.  It is the perfect place to go with a group of friends, or to share with a date.  It is an EXPERIENCE to go to the Rim, one you will want to return to again and again.This cafe belongs in the middle of Bourbon Street. The first thing the waitress asked us when we walked in was whether we wanted to get fingered. Of course we gladly accepted. She proceeded to pour 3 different  flavors they use for their hot chocolate onto our finger (pumpkin, chocolate ganache, and salted caramel). Each was delicious. We settled on the pumpkin spice cappuccino and 2 desserts. Both were rich and tasty. As for the atmosphere, it's dark, the godfather is playing on a small tv, there are cowboy hats everywhere, there are bongo drums (that apparently the owner plays which we didn't see), and Santana music playing, among other peculiar decorations.**3.5 stars**
I was really apprehensive of  marscapone and ricotta in a thick hot chocolate drink, but the Grandfather's Volcano at RIM Cafe sold me.  As featured in Duff Goldman's Sugar High show on FoodTV, the hot chocolate drinks were as ostentatious and elaborately constructed just as in the show.  The owner is charismatic and friendly and the vibe is pretty laid back in a voodoo biker hard core kinda way.  The TV plays either The Godfather or their FoodTV feature.  Pretty awesome place to hit up, especially after having a Philly cheesesteak at Pat's/Gino's.  Cash only.My husband and I were looking for a great place to have hot chocolate. We did a random search and ended up going to RIM cafe. I must say that this is one of the best random places that we've ever been. I don't know how Rene the owner does it, but the chocolate is truly magical. I've traveled the world and this is by far the best I've tasted. The atmosphere is very quirky and the owner and his wife are golden. I will return!Rim cafe has the most delicious cannoli. The filling is just the right consistency: smooth,creamy,sweet and subtle. This is key for me because I find that many cannoli fillings are thick and goopy,but not at Rim. It's like biting into a cloud.
I highly recommend getting the chocolate lined cannoli shell bc the chocolate here is primo.
speaking of chocolate,keep this place in mind if you ever have a hot chocolate craving because they make hot chocolate dreams come true.
Lastly, all employees I've encountered here are genuinely sweet. You can tell they love what they do and they appreciate their customers,which is not always true of Philadelphia hospitality industry. The cafe itself doesn't look like some HGTV designer magazine cover but I personally like that it's very unique and quaint. 
I'm looking forward to many more cannolis and hot chocolates here.Recently took my mom who was visiting from out of town. Renee wasn't there but there was a lady (not sure of name) who was just as kind! She gave us some free truffles with our purchase and talked to us like we were her old friends. I love RIM!What funky place!  Stopped by with a friend for a sweet treat after a lovely dinner at 943.  I love the chocolate shavings and artistic touches that were added to our cannoli.  The ambiance is very cool!This is by far the best hot chocolate I have ever had in my entire life! Drive on down to south Philly and get a cheese steak and then a hot chocolate or anything else from RIM cafe. The owner and staff are incredible. Ambiance is quirky but inviting and relaxing. RIM cafe is a neighborhood gem! They grind fresh coffee and Rene, the owner experiments with his own sauces, caramels and chocolates. You won't find anything else anywhere in the world.First of all, I must direct a "WTF" at Philadelphia. Why are there no coffee shops open past 10 PM ?!
Finally discovered RIM Cafe only a few blocks from my house and they are open late! Maybe until midnight? I'm not sure what their hours are... if they are posted, they have been lost amidst the hundreds of random pictures and articles all over the walls and ceiling.
The setup is perfect - a couple couches, tables and outdoor seating coupled with a few computers with internet access. Not to mention board games scattered around and a piano that anyone is welcome to play.
I didn't get any coffee, but my boyfriend got the Americano, which was tasty; I got a Macchiato, which was heavenly (they give you a little spoon coated in chocolate in addition to drizzling some on top of the foam. mmm).
Of course there's Rene, the adorable owner who walks around whistling the Godfather theme.The moment you step in this cafe, it's clear you are in a very special place. A place like no other, where time stands still and the only thing that matters is chocolate, coffee, love, and chocolate!  Go ahead, indulge... you deserve it!!!My friends and I were looking for gelato and stumbled upon Rim Cafe. I never knew this place existed, but this place is truly a gem! A mix of France and Italy in a small, cozy cafe. There are flags, pictures, curtains, mirrors on the ceiling, and even a giant bottle near the front of the store! 
I ordered the Hot Chocolate Volcano ($5 special!). It was piping hot, not too sweet, and oh so smooth. The best part is they make it right in front of you! I got to sit on a tall bar stool and watch the owner shave chocolate off chocolate cones (yes, actual chocolate cones) onto the Hot Chocolate Volcano.Great place if you have a sweet tooth, loved the hot chocolate. René made it happen lol I went here and came back within a week to bring my friends because it was just amazing. Love that he is so friendly and funny. He even makes mugs, with photos on them.This is not Starbucks.  If you want Starbucks, just don't come here.  Go back to the mall.
If you want a little taste of Europe, a unique atmosphere, and a charming experience, come visit Rene.  Try a Cappucino Creme.   Or just listen to him lecture his employee on how to make a proper macchiato - maybe that was just the one time.  But I loved it anyway.  A man who loves his craft, and coffee that makes this fact obvious.Let's make it happen!!!
Cheerful boisterous and welcoming.... These words would readily come to your mind if you have ever stepped into the cafe.
The drinks are made with flamboyance. While I wasn't particularly impressed with either the price (8-9 dollars per drink) or the chocolate (average quality)....
I would say the pomp and show associated with the drink made personally by the man who owns the place... More than makes up for it. 
Go for it just for the experience. AdiosVery solid hot chocolate.  Owner/barista is really cool and informative.  He obviously is very passionate about chocolate and all of his food.  The cannoli was good as well.  It's a bit pricey but I understand that it is real chocolate that they are using.  Great place if you're in the mood for hot chocolate!The RIM Cafe has both the best chocolate and the best coffee that I've ever tasted. 
Rene and Belle are as welcoming as can be, and remembered me after me after years. 
Order a "volcano" or simply a mocha, iced or hot, if you want my suggestion. 
Oh and side note: You may see some South Philly celebrities hanging out!Best hot chocolate in the world! Highly recommended!!! Definitely best place in Philly!Looking for a neighborhood coffeehouse where people actually interact, generations talk to each other, and your cappuccino is perfect? Head over to the RIM Cafe located across from the cheese steak vegas, and grab either a Cappuccino Brulee, Volcano (hot chocolate) or a RIM tea. You will not be disappointed.I recently visited the Rim Cafe after having read raving reviews online. Its a tiny restaurant across from a park, with a blinking eiffel tower statue on the roof. That didn't even compare to the interior, which was similar to Fridays, times 100. The walls are covered in photos and other assorted memorabilia which create an immersive space that somehow isn't overpowering despite itself. Of course, I had to order the chocolate volcano after hearing so much about it. I ordered the hot version, and my boyfriend ordered the cold version. The barista was really kind and engaging, and explained the process of making the drink as she went. We took our drinks to one of the comfortable 'sofas' and thoroughly enjoyed them. I much preferred the hot volcano over the cold one. We even met the owner himself and got to watch him make a mini promotional video of the epsresso process, which he gave us a sample of.  Afterwards, we had to buy some of the decadent truffles that were on display, 6 for $10. Overall, I was incredibly happy with the entire experience. The one critique I would have, however, was that while the wall decorations were appealing, some of the other interior decor was a bit tacky (specifically, the leopard print, and some of the items in the windows). I would definitely recommend this place to others, and look forward to my next visit! (and finishing those yummy truffles.Not quite the caf d' Golden Cote I imagined.
Nearest casino is the coastal Chester Royale, next door is a torture chambre for all sorts of live poultry - and up the road works noted fan of Romance Literature, Geno (the Rainier of bloody meat)
This shouldn't affect my love of RIM - but if you've visited any sparkling beach filled with glam vitality, passionate virtual nakedity and wonderful natural scenery - the road to this locale is troubling.
Once seated, coffee is passable OK, but croissants appear rundown, as if trod on by M. Renault, other foods miserable to non-existant... 
the decor is drab (some regional maps, silly Cannes postcards, overpriced marmelades, the smell of mould)
Much better would be to forego 150-200 visits and instead grab an Air France a Marseille o Aix... 
a croque'd madame, cotton blanket and clacky seabirds fit together much better over thereA must do in Philly if your a chocolate fan. I worked at Godiva and this man blows Godiva away, world famous lava hot chocolate.Our place to go on Valentine's Day. The salted caramel volcano is amazing! My kids love the white chocolate volcanoI am not sure why people are complaining, maybe it's because I am from NY and most of our fare has been decreased sub-standard monotonous grub, but I went back to RIM a few weeks ago, with friends! Ordered 2 hot chocolate beverages, 14,00 total. The chocolate that is mounted on top of your exquisite choco beverage is quality coco, not some hershey's fake flavour. 
You want quality, come here, if not- there are plenty of  places that can charge you 5.00 for a cup of swiss miss.What an experience this place is!! More than just desserts! They have a great offering of house-made baked goods, coffee drinks and "wait, there's more"... artisan hot chocolate! 
I can't believe I haven't been to this place sooner since I live just a short walk from 9th Street. A friend took me here last week for hot chocolate and I was so impressed and loved everything I tasted. 
We had three different hot chocolates and shared them among a few friends. Peanut Butter, Spicy Caramel Chocolate and a 'surprise' which was the Geno's Wizz. No, there was not yellow cheese wizz... It had a sweet creamy mascarpone cheese topping on melted hot milk chocolate. The hot chocolates are a little on the prier side (about $7 average) but that is because there is a lot of care that goes into making one. I think it is worth it! 
The chocolate truffles in the case are all handmade by the owner. I can't wait to go back and try some. Everything looks fresh and smells so good.I've been to RIM plenty of times...I've reviewed him as the most wonderful place I've ever been but this past weekend it just got better and i have to write about it. . . My boyfriend and I like to go there on our special dates, one because we love Rene and his delicious treats but two because of the atmosphere he creates. This weekend was different...We went in for coffee and came out engaged. Apparently my boyfriend and Rene have been working for a couple months to create the most wonderful engagement i could of ever asked for. My boyfriend proposed the idea to Rene a couple months ago and with no hesitation he said yes. Rene went above and beyond with everything....not only did he create a wonderful tower of chocolates and meringues (where my ring was hidden) but he gave his venue to host my surprise engagement party. He was such a wonderful host, he came out a couple times and played the drums to this Arabian like music that was just so much fun to dance to.  
A few things to say about Rim and Rene...the drinks and treats are extremely delicious and that is because he uses the best of the best...Rene not only is great owner he is a great host...he always makes you feel special even when he is busy....He goes out of his way to make you happy.....if you are looking for something different and just amazing for to RIM...and you will also gain a friend from it...and believe me Rene is someone you want to meet...he will change your life...he definitely changed ours.
This is not your Typical Cafe....this is in its own category ...a Magical Cafe with a Spectacular Host. Rene :)I love chocolate, and there is lots of chocolate here, but the experience was, well...disappointing. I just happened to wonder in on a Saturday and zeroed right in on the hot chocolate. They have many different types starting from $8, and often they depend on the owner's mood. There is a sweet potato hot chocolate, which sounded very interesting, but, sadly, none to be had that day. 
So I went with the basic $8 hot chocolate, which is interesting to watch being prepared. It's a giant amount of whipped cream, then not that much hot chocolate poured over it, then shavings of several different types of chocolate. Anyway, it's mostly whipped cream, and not a lot of hot chocolate, so for me at least, the experience is not that special. For someone else, maybe it is. It's just that for a $8 serving of hot chocolate, I would just like more chocolate. If the key is the specialty chocolate, why bother diluting it with whipped cream in the first place?  
It looked as though they might make great coffee, but you can go and see for yourself.
Also, this isn't a place to go and work. They have signs up saying not to bring your computer.Want to check out one of the coolest places (or hottest depending on your chocolate preference) in Philadelphia? I'm not taking about a bar or a club. I'm taking about the RIM Cafe. There are a plethora of reasons why this place is so awesome, with the main ones being chocolate, the atmosphere, and of course Rene. 
The RIM Cafe sits on the unassuming corner of 9th Street, just a stone's throw away from two famous tourist traps serving fake cheesesteaks, in the Italian Market district in the city of brotherly love. But don't let the location fool you. 
Upon entering RIM, you may choose to shack up in one of the two corners that are adjacent to one another - the lounge area or the more open area. We opted for the lounge and sat admiring Rene's decorative wall of places that he's visited in the world; however, sitting in the more open area will give you a better view of the chocolate and bongos, that Rene plays from time to time. 
The chocolate used in the hot chocolate, back that up....the chocolates used in the hot chocolate are insanely rich, creamy, and like nothing you will ever taste. When Rene makes you a hot chocolate, he doesn't just microwave a mug of hot water and throw some Swiss Miss into it. The man puts on a show! 
Before you know it, music will be playing. Rene "will make it happen" for you by grooving to the beat, slicing generous slabs of chocolate into your mug, utilizing what I like to call his chocolate spindle, and dousing your drink chock full of whipped cream (be sure to get one of the variations of the hot chocolate volcanoes). 
How about a chocolate flavored cappuccino? Or a canolli? How about some chocolate truffles (they were given to us for free by nice lady behind the counter and I would gladly pay for them because they were that good)? Your wildest imaginations can be filled at the RIM Cafe. All you have to do is ask and Rene will make it happen!
Side note: Bring plenty of cash with you. You may be surprised by the prices but after your first sip, you won't even care.The Rim is a great place to sit awhile, especially in the winter. The inside is cozy and homey and there's always something French to watch on the TV. Rene is a charmer and the drinks are unique and fantastic. Specifically, the volcano hot chocolate is a masterpiece - like no other hot chocolate I've ever had before. I'm not sure what Rene puts in there to give it such a distinctive, delicious texture, but it's magic. 
They're open until midnight, and it's the kind of place that makes you want to linger until closing time.If you are a chocoholic (like I am), you must indulge in one of their hot chocolates. I had their regular hot chocolate, but there was nothing "regular" about it. I was a little curious about the whip cream being sprayed at the bottom of the glass, but that created for the perfect rich and creamy taste of the drink. It was topped with shavings of an assortment of chocolates infused with ginger, hazelnut, coconut. My husband had the salty caramel hot chocolate and he said it was excellent. I'm definitely thinking more like daydreaming about my next hot chocolate fix...yum!!This place is amazing! You must love chocolate to come here because it's overwhelmingly sweet. The prices weren't as bad as others were saying, but it's definitely not a once-a-week kinda place. The owner was lovely and entertaining, calling your name when he's ready to make your hot chocolate so you can watch the show. I would recommend this place to anyone who likes hot chocolate or just wants a warm beverage on a cold winter night.One of Philly's hidden gem. I had the original Volcano and it's the best hot chocolate ever. The place is very unique and welcoming.I can't begin to accurately describe how amazingly unique this place is. The BF and I show up and the place appears empty, but walking in it felt like one of the coolest old lady garage sales I'd ever been to. The place is beyond eclectic to down right ridiculously fun. Finally we ordered from the lady and got hot chocolates, cannoil and truffles. 
The salty caramel hot chocolate was delicious, but the real winner was the toasted marshmallow brule hot chocolate. The guy makes it right in front of you and tells you everything that goes into it. The hot chocolate was so rich that we didn't even get to the truffles, or one of the cannoli's.
As for the cannoli... well, I have never been really impressed with any cannoli. I've had two or three from different places but never fell in love. With the first bite of the cannoli I may or may not have had a religious experience in my mouth. It was incredible, beyond words. Rim's cafe restored my faith in the cannoli. 
Someone previously discussed the price, but these are seriously city prices. I can understand how visitors might see these prices as crazy, but I think $9-14 for hot chocolate is reasonable and 4 truffles for $10, especially for how incredible they taste. The people working were incredibly amazing and very kind. I absolutely recommend going and I am going back soon!Rene is awesome. I love it here. So unique, out there, and delicious. The atmosphere! The chocolate! The energy! It's all fabulous. I can't even describe the experience of going - so I'm just going to tell you that you NEED to go! Bring your friends on a Saturday night and have a blast. It is unlike any place I have ever been to before. Trust me, you won't be disappointed.after hearing about this place for the last couple years, i decided to finally go in. i was with 4 other people, we walked in to set our things down and the owner kept yelling "Can i help you" over and over. I looked over and asked if they were open (it was very dark inside with only two other customers) and he accused us immediately of only coming in to use the bathroom. he was extremely rude, yelled, and dangled the bathroom keys at me even after i repeatedly told him that we were simply putting our things down before coming to order. we left without ordering. I've never experienced something like that before and it blew my mind that he would behave in such an aggressive manner.Rene is making samples of coffee for our PSU tour. Salted caramel. Chocolate ganache. Multiple methods for making coffee.This place really is fantastic. It's so good and so bizarre and so fun that I can't even properly describe it. The YELP voucher was great for my friends and I, but sadly they won't be accepting these anymore. Rene, the owner, explained to us that somehow his Yelp account has been hacked and he hasn't been able to get anyone from Yelp to help him resolve the issue. That's too bad because I would expect Yelp to be more responsive. And Rim Cafe really is fantastic!Cool spot run by a real unique character. Rene is a great host and makes just about everyone that walks in the door feel welcomed and right at home. 
The volcano is delicious and worthy alone of making a stop at this coffee/dessert cafe. I love a good hot chocolate. This was thick like a moose and very rich. We tried a few different ones but I think the marshmellow brulee variation is the way to go.This was the most entertaining of making homemade hot chocolate with real chocolate that my daughter and I  have ever seen. Delicious hot homemade hot chocolate and pastries. Friendly staff very helpful.  We will be back. It was well worth it!  Yumo!I love this place.  Great coffee and espresso, awesome atmosphere, AMAZING bathroom.  NB - Rene does not really do drinks to go.If you're in the mood for hot chocolate and big personality, there's no better place in Philly to go. When we walked in, the owner of the place wasn't behind the counter - he was in the middle of the room playing the drums. Once we had ordered, he came back behind the counter to prepare our drinks, explaining every step of the way what he was putting into it. Then he told us a story about Andrea Bocelli, played us his appearance on Food Network, and made extensive use of his catch phrase, "Make it happen!" The thing that made it all work was that the owner was 110% genuine. He wasn't putting on an act to attract business - he really is just a big personality, and he spends all day doing what he loves.
It's pricy, and it can't possibly be good for you, but when you're in the mood for something extremely rich and for a memorable experience, this is where you should go.It's inspiring just to see Rene, so passionate about espresso, photography chocolate and the Godfather, you'll leave the place buzzing. It's perfect place to impress a date or for some fuel before an all-nighter.  I got some friends gift certificates to RIM and everyone was thrilled!You may have to carry me out of here. The hot chocolates are delicious, you can have coffee in probably one out of 30 different ways and there's always good music playing. On a good day, you may see the owner dancing or playing music. Not a ton of seating, but we always found a spot. 
Did I mention chocolate heaven??!!Thee best espresso and hot chocolate!  Five denotes  for me awesome, and this place is,  you gotta just go for it.I adore this place, go here every time I visit Philly. Some of the best goodies ever concocted reside here. 
The owner is rather knowledgeable about practices, techniques and  all his chocolate sources. Come here to enjoy the epitome of decadence.If I were just passing by, RIM is probably the kind of place I'd never imagine walking into. But luckily my friend had a gift certificate so we decided to try this place after dinner one day. 
The inside of the cafe looks a bit like the attic of someone who collects 70's memorabilia. The first time I went, I was actually a little intimidated by the sheer amount of decor, but Rene, the owner, is one of the nicest shop owners I've ever met. He doesn't speak much English, but he gives off such a friendly vibe and it's a lot of fun watching him make the hot chocolates (especially when he grates the chocolate! It's like watching someone grate cheese, but so much cooler.)
My peanut butter hot chocolate was not cheap (around $9) but it was one of the richest, most decadent hot chocolates I've ever had. I had to sip it slowly as to not die from the richness... but I still ended up getting terrible chocolate coma afterward. Definitely worth the experience though.
I also came back here a second time and ordered my hot chocolate to go, and it wasn't nearly as good as the first time I went. So a word of advice: enjoy your hot chocolate in the cafe. Then go home and take a long nap until you feel like you can move again.Visited La Lupe's Mexican restaurant this weekend with my husband and while enjoying the atmosphere of the restaurant, noticed across the street were lots people dancing outside this place called Rim Cafe.  We asked the waiter and he it is a famous French Espresso bar that has the best hot chocolate.  We decided to go there for dessert.  It was a hell of time from the moment we stepped up the door.  We were greeted by a nice young man welcoming us to his engagement party.  That really took me by surprise, but we were game.  Walked in to a place full of people drinking champagne and having a great time.  The young man told us he was so excited because this was 2 months of planning with Rene, the owner of Rim Cafe, and finally his surprise engagement and party went off more fabulous then he could have imagined.  Rene made the couple one of his special drinks and what was hidden the two tier drink was a diamond ring.  The bride to be started crying and saying yes, yes. yes, I will marry you.  It was such a sweet story.  We were so pleased with the place and really felt a part of the party.  I asked this young man what he recommended we should have-- and he told us that all the drinks are great, but he loves the cannoli. It was not long before we found our way up to the bar to finally meet this French man who makes all these great drinks and sweets.  He was as sweet as we had expected, not at all what I expected, but for sure a man who knew his way with coffee---as we found out.   
Well to make the story short--- we had the best cannoli and best espresso drinks-- and though we walked out of there 55 dollars less then we entered, it was the best 55 dollars we ever spent.  We won't be back tomorrow but next time we are in town-- I hope to have another cannoli with our man in South Philly.First time here was with my boyfriend for valentines day! Let's just say this place made our day! They are such happy people here and spread their joy to their customers! I love the enthusiasm! Every drink I've gotten here has been great! They are known for their hot chocolates but everything els is great too. I'd go with the surprise me if your totally lost. It's more than just ordering a drink here it's a show too!Stumbled in here randomly and entered a very special hard to find type of place that seem to only be found by accident. These are the small kind of places where food is treated like art, and the charismatic character working behind the counter is a true honed master of his craft. Come to Philly, skip the cheese steak and enjoy some of the best deserts and chocolate drinks that can be found anywhere. Don't rush, sit and enjoy, watch the people, savor the flavors and appreciate your time!When my BF told me about this awesome hot chocolate he had that cost over $10 I asked if he got to keep the mug... $10+ for hot chocolate is absolutely absurd, right? WRONG! 
Rim cafe and it's owner Rene make for one unforgettable experience. Upon first walking into Rim cafe, your eyes do not know where to glance first. The decor is dark and the place is a bit cluttered (so if you're reading this before visiting, walk in - continue straight and then turn right!). The music is always on.. 'Applebottom jeans', 'Naughty girl'... It's like tacky tracks of early 2000, Rene knows all the words, dances along & I adore him for it. 
Rene will spot you walking in and if you have any questions, want a recommendation, whatever - he is on it! Then you will watch your drink be prepared! He'll go through each and every chocolate he is shaving - which I thoroughly appreciate (peanut allergy). We normally get the salted caramel and it is out of this world.  I tell everyone about Rim cafe and think it's the perfect spot to bring out of town visitors. Check it out!This was my favorite thing about Philly on our 3 day visit there.  Rene is jovial, hard working, and has pride in his product. There is no wonder why his craft was featured on tv (I think Food Network). He makes his hot chocolate drinks right in front of you from homemade hot chocolate, homemade whip cream, and various chocolate shavings (chocolate that he makes in many different flavors). His Volcano creation was to die for. I'm not going to lie, it was pricey, but OH SO WORTH IT for a special treat. I had the carmel brulee hot chocolate topped with toasted marshmallows and caramel sauce. YUM!Willie Wonka's chocolate has NOTHING on René's! My fiancé and I first decided to take the long trek from New York City after seeing RIM Café reviewed on the Food network. We are so glad we did, and have returned there twice since. René is an absolute magician when it comes to creating not only his incredible sweet concoctions, but the almost other-worldly feel of the place. It's not just about the amazing chocolate, coffee and tea -- and they truly are amazing -- but the experience. Do not miss the Volcano - the thick, creamy hot chocolate that is like none other I've ever had. The cannoli is divine. The truffles are ethereal. i have yet to try the chocolate salami, but that's a must on my next trip. Everything René touches turns to gold, and If you are as lucky as I am, you will walk out of there with a ring on your finger. My fiancé knew that there could be no better place than the RIM to propose to me, and so he did. It's the place where love happens.Oh Rene, I was forced by the GF to come here after our delicious cheesesteak meal earlier in the evening. I thought to myself, is this spot a need to go to place? 
I've seen the reviews and saw the distance to be covered and thought, 50/50... The GF wins and we go. So we walk into this dark, lounge like lighting, neon filled room, fitting for someone who needs a light show, with music blasting. In the background, I hear an eccentric man (Rene, aka the owner) who is shouting, "I am not done yet! And a lil' of this!" 
The energy is contagious, all the customers are excited, entertained for their one of a kind chocolate drinks. Most people order some form of a hot chocolate that is topped with some of the most unique and fresh chocolates around. The hot chocolate came out to us, gooey, hot, and thick like some forms of a Max Brenner. The overwhelming melted chocolate was a fantastic touch, just adding to the uniqueness of this place. I have to say, it is one of the better/best prepared hot chocolates I've had, in line with the hot chocolate at Union Sq. park in the Wintertime, but was slightly removed because of price.
As another posted described, the man is a mastermind preparing a decashot of espresso to be placed in the Guiness Book of Records. I had not heard of this prior to meeting him back in February, but being a coffee snob, I was nervous and excited at the idea of trying it. I decided to pass that night, but Rene was ready for me to take the challenge.
I would give this place a 5, but the prices are a bit ridic. It's a definite treat with a personal touch from a classic salesman, ready to throw every bell and whistle to get you excited for your drink. Maybe you wish your local starbucks barista was as excited as Rene preparing your white mocha, but they usually are not. 
You walk away feeling his excitement and remembering the experience because it's nothing like you've ever enjoyed. But the price will be my point subtraction. Enjoy it everyone, Rene knows how to sell a cup of hot chocolate.On the one hand it would seem that RIM cafe wants to keep customers away, located as it is in the "Italian Mexican Market" with odd hours and a storefront that I've always just subconsciously marked as another tienda after walking past it many, many times.  The place also has a rather unfortunate name, I think.  I see all of you are too mature to make rim job jokes.  Let me be the first.
After learning about this joint via Yelp I ventured into this dimly-but-colorfully-lit lair of kitsch and found object curiosities to sample the much-hyped fare.  For some reason I was expecting Rene to be eccentric but also thin and neat looking.  Maybe this is based on stereotypes I have of French people.  Turns out that he is eccentric, but also rather portly and slovenly looking.  And he's apparently of Greek origin and hails from Monaco.  Rene kept shouting "make it happen" like a broken record in a voice that I would describe as schizophrenic drunk.  Is this all an act or is he like that when he leaves the store?  Something to ponder.
I was duly impressed with the variety of chocolate cones he keeps on the side of the drink wheel (when he makes hot chocolate he puts the glass on a circular platform that spins around while he fills it up with various items, apparently to make the experience more psychedelic than it already is).  Included among these was "parmesan cheese chocolate" as well as more predictable ones like walnut and pistachio.  These are shaved over drinks in a rather haphazard manner.  Rene pointed to a TV where an image of Duff (of Ace of Cakes) was present and told me that just last week Duff was in there and that RIM would be featured on a new show called Sugar High.  So watch out for that.  I thought that the TV was a normal one at first, but it turned out to be a rotating collage of pictures, mostly of Duff.  There's another framed digital collage of pictures on an old piano that keeps displaying images of hot chocolate.  When we saw this my boyfriend joked that I should have a rotating digital collage of pictures of my apartment in my apartment.
I got the volcano ($7.50) and it was very good but I don't think the price is justified.  The same goes for the peanut butter truffle.  At $3 this seemed to be even more of a price markup but Rene redeems himself somewhat by putting it on a plate and adding some sauce(s) and more chocolate shavings from the many random cones on top.  The same went for the volcano, which was topped with pistachio, coconut, etc.  My boyfriend got the brulee: you pay about $1.50 more to have torched marshmallows on top but other than that it's the same as the volcano.  There's a "godfather" volcano for $13 and I'm certainly curious as to what that is.
 He certainly has ambience and presentation down.  I'd definitely come back, but only for a rare occasion when I want to bring someone there for the first time, take them around to quirky Philly spots, etc.  Then again I might come sooner to sample some of the things I wasn't able to try on my first visit.Absolutely wonderful! Renè is so warm, welcoming and fun! He knows how to throw a party. The Rim cafe is perfect for all occasions. I've been here for valentines day, just for fun  & even a surprise birthday party for a friend with 15 ish people, the place is small but it worked and was a great time! I'm a big fan of the salted caramel hot chocolate. You must stop by and get a glimpse of the immense creativity going on at Rim Cafe ;D thank you René for bringing so much light to South Philly xo.It's been a while since I've been by the RIM, but I'm moving back into the neighborhood very soon and can't wait to give it more love.  
It's a quirky little cafe in the middle of the Italian Market, with many pieces of French flair (including the French live TV).  The drink selection is unlike any other, and owner Rene definitely knows his away around the espresso bar.  I've had many a yummy cappuccino here.  
I'm looking forward to trying more of the tea!It was only a couple days after a trip to Italy and I was already missing the European athmosphere, hospitality, and ambiance and was exploring the Italian Market for anything that would cure my longing to be back in Italy when I stumbled upon the RIM and my problem was solved.
With Italian Lavazza coffee, hand-made truffles, canolis, pictures of Italy and France decorating the interior, and a barista with the most exciting and passionate personality I've never seen before who hails from France, I felt like I was back in Italy again.
Certainly not the kind of place to get quick coffee to go, this is the kind of place where you linger over your coffee, mingle with other patrons, and observe as Rene whips some of the most intricate drinks.  A speciality is the chocolate volcano made with imported chocolate and whipped cream that foams over the rim of your cup, as well as the raspberry cappucino, and the RIM tea.  The truffles are also made from French chocolate.MAKE IT HAPPEN!!! 
Very friendly staff and owner. Has a lot if gimmicks and perfect for out of towners/tourists. But if you're a foodie, you'd probably be annoyed by this place. Crazy knick knacks and their food and drinks are just okay. 
The truffles that they sell ("made fresh every single day) tasted really old, cold and hard. And wasn't too crazy about the flavors. The lavender truffle tasted like, well, the flower. Its not infused or anything, it was strong. And I've had many lavender infused Pavlova's, chocolates before and they were fine. The other truffles we tried were also blah.
The Volcano hot chocolate was OK too. Nothing special. There's a lot of ingredients but you almost don't recognize the building of the flavors. 
The canoli was tasty. I liked those. 
I tried to like their food. They had such great reviews here so even if we just came from a hearty dinner we wanted to try out his stuff!
The three stars are for the sweet man behind the counter entertaining his guests and being so accommodating at 830pm at night. I think he was the owner. 
Don't think I will be back. I would recommend it to a friend though, for a first timer in Philly...Rim Cafe is a life altering experience.  Once you meet Rene, the Godfather, you'll know you've been doing it all wrong.  This man is the cafe.  He has this vibe that just radiates from him the moment you meet the guy.  "Make it happen" is not a slogan, it's a way of life.  It's clear Rene is super proud and thankful of everything this place has become.  He's got pictures of him and Duff all over the place and you'll probably see the episode of Sugar High playing on repeat there.  And oh yea they have insanely delicious chocolate.  The hot chocolate "volcano" is unlike anything you've had before.  Sitting at the bar and watching the love Rene puts into making it is eye opening.  Having the melted chocolate on top of your drink is crazy good.  The bite size chocolates in the window are real yummy too.  I'm dying to get my hands on one of those cannolis.  You'll never find a place more cozy and welcoming.  Get here soon!Syphon coffee in the Italian Market?  Yes please!  The espresso here is fantastic with quite possibly the most exquisite presentation.  Pair your latte or cappuccino with a creamy,  delicate cannoli and your taste buds will be on cloud nine.  And I have one word/piece of advice: Volcano.  Just trust me on this.I've been meaning to come here for a while, and finally that bitter cold winter night came when all you want is a hot cup of chocolate comfort.  Unfortunately the experience was probably not enough to bring me back.  The price seems wildly exorbitant for what you get, especially when half of the different chocolate shavings end up on the counter.  We also sampled some truffles and a mini cannoli, which were also just ok.  They had some really interesting novelty cannoli shells (bachelorette, birthday, eagles themed) that were fun to see.  The atmosphere of the place was not really enjoyable for me, which is kind of important since hot chocolate is not a to-go friendly item.  The whole interior basically felt like a dark claustrophobic version of grandmas living room.  I can see why some people might enjoy the flair of the hot chocolate preparation and the eclectic decor, but it didn't do much for me.one word...AMAZING...you will not find another place in earth like RIM. Renee is just wonderful. Not only does he make delicious treats but he makes you feel special and at home. 
People you have to go....i always make sure i bring someone new to try and believe everyone so far...loves and adore RIM and Renee.....Our place to go on Valentine's Day. The salted caramel volcano is amazing! My kids loved the white chocolate volcano. We look forward to returningDelicious expensive hot chocolate. The show was entertaining "Make it happen"This may be the most unique place in South Philly, period.  The atmosphere is super unique and the food? Out of this world.  They will whip you up some extremely lovely coffee beverages, and if you tell them it's your first time visiting, you'll get the all star treatment.  You can eat the hot chocolate with a spoon, so enough said.Another fabulous find for our bookclub forays =)
I almost completely walked by the cafe huddled under my umbrella last night, tucked into a quiet corner shop in the midst of the neon and noise of the Italian market. Inside is a little bit of a mix of your grandmom's living room and attic. The couches are well worn in, the fireplace was sadly fake, and if you're ever not sure which country the owner's from just look on the ceiling. The bathroom is also a must see, with a kind of red light, boudoir feel.
I got the Dirty Volcano to start off with, and enjoyed Rene's finesse while mixing the drink as much as drinking it when he was done. I particularly loved the 7 or 8 (I lost count) types of chocolate that he shaved over top of it. It was so rich it really could have been enough, but my arm was easily twisted with the allure of a free second round, and tried the Killerrr. Molten chocolate in a martini glass, the flavor reminded me a little of a Kandy Kake, and I'm not complaining.A MUST visit! Chocolate heaven for sure. They make your hella-fancy and gorgeous chocolate drink right in front of you! It's truly a performance. The cafe is adorable, posters covering the walls and ceiling. There is so much to look at. Wonderful atmosphere, staff/owner is great people. Tell yo friends!Yes its a Cafe, but trust me when  I say is an experience like no other. Not only because of Rene's amazing concoctions out of chocolate or cafe; but because of the friendliness, and quirkiness of the place!.
Their homemade truffles are as decadent as they can be, his chocolate volcano is out of this world, and Rene himself is outstanding!
Can't wait to come back. Trust me I'll "make it happen"