Visited Philly a few weeks ago and found this pizza spot through Yelp. We decided to check it out since the idea of "pizza al taglio" set this spot apart from other local pizza restaurants. I tried the polpette and carbonara slices and they were life changing. The staff was also very nice and patient with us as we decided on which slices to buy. Easily the best pizza I have ever had. I rarely visit Philly but now I have a reason to come back.Yum! Friends just ate here and liked it so much they delivered me four slices-- and they were delicious! I am vegetarian so didn't try the meat but the veggie slices were great. The eggplant one was ridiculously good, my fave I think, though I quite liked the white one too. Looking forward to dining in sometime.Rione is my new favorite pizza by the slice spot! Everything is fresh and delicious, and they have so many different types of pizza that I'm pretty sure I could eat here every day without getting tired of it. At $3-4 per slice, it's also not going to break the bank. 
When you walk in, you'll see all the different types of pizza laid out in front of you, and want them all. The meat and veggie options are separated, and every time I've gone, they've had just as many veggie options as meat, so this place is great for vegetarians! So far, I've tried the eggplant, zucchini and ricotta, prosciutto, sausage, and marinara slices. All of them have been on fresh baked, chewy crust, with a good cheese to sauce ratio. 
The staff also heat up any slices you order in a toaster oven, so everything is warm and melty without getting soggy. My favorite is probably the zucchini, which has a delicious ricotta drizzle on top. Don't be afraid to be shameless and request the slice with maximum ricotta. 
I've also gotten the arugula salad, which was big and very fresh. No soggy arugula leaves!! They also have dessert here (tiramisu I believe), although I've always stuffed myself with too much pizza to be hungry for dessert. 
My one complaint would be that I actually really enjoy pizza crust, and because the slices are rectangular, most have little or even no crust. Those corner pieces though....I really like this style of pizza. Very tasty, and the crust is perfect.  Reminded me of this little place in Rome, Pinsere.Excellent, authentic, Italian pizza. Make sure to try patate e salsiccia, my favorite!I had never heard of Roman style pizza before but I'm so happy I gave this place a try. My understanding of it from the explanation one of the guys who work there gave me is that they let the dough sit for 72 hours which I think is what makes it more airy? My interpretation of it is that Roman style pizza is like topings on a flatter, slightly denser, and less greasier foccacia bread. I loved it. I also love that half their selection consists of meatless options that are actually different from one another.
I got a slice of Parmigiana (tomato sauce, mozzarella, eggplant, evoo). It was a little over three bucks and the size of my very regular-sized hand. I had gone at an off time just to check this place out but if I had gone for a meal, I probably would have gotten another slice with no regret.Excited to see Roman style pizza! Having been to Rome and indulged with multiple Roman offerings including Bonci's pizzarium, Rione brings innovation to the area. Forget pineapple; get into the flavor combinations they offer and enjoy it!!The staff was extremely friendly and helpful. They asked if we had visited before and gave us a full debrief of all the options when we said it was our first time. The pizza was delicious and pretty well priced (expect $7-$10 per person). Will definitely be back.BEST. PIZZA. I. HAVE. EVER. TRIED.
Came to visit Philly for the weekend and was researching places to drop by before heading home and came across Rione on a 'Must try in Philly' article on Google. SO glad we did because it was so tasty! 
The pizza is sold by the slice and it can be quite pricey compared to your traditional pizza BUT it is so worth it because it is different from what you're used to trying. It is Roman style pizza and it was so chewy and flavorful. We were the second customer in that morning and reading the other reviews, glad that we made it early as it seems there is usually a wait. 
The store is relatively big. A lot of seats with two T.V.'s. The bathrooms were very tiny, FYI. 
Hope they branch out and move one down to the Washington D.C. area, but for now, will have to make the trip up there to eat this scrumptious piece of dough!Honestly, this could be the best crust in town. The crust is on the thicker side but the air bubbles make for a lighter texture. The ingredients are always fresh and tasty with enough variety to please every palette. The toppings tend to be more traditional Italian so don't expect pepperoni or buffalo chicken slices. With that said, who needs those toppings when you have spicy soppressata and prosciutto cotto?!This is what pizza is supposed to be. High quality ingredients artisan pizza.  It's all like what your average pizza joint calls a grandma's pie.  Which essentially means it's square slices out of the pan. The meats, cheeses and sauces all add to the perfectly baked crust.  Well worth a visit and a slice or two or maybe just one more.  Go here gets some pizza and tell your friends it reminds you of when you were in Rome.I have been eager to try Rione since before it opened and it was everything I expected and more! Friendly staff and gorgeous Roman-style pizza al taglio. I have lived and spent much time in Rome and miss its pizza by the slice the most! At Rione, the crust is excellent and the toppings of high quality. We had the pleasure of meeting the owners, who are excited about Roman-style pizza and the future of Rione. A must-visit!Cute place with incredibly good pizza. Great to buy a few with a friend and share to try all the different kinds.Best pizza in center city!!! Whenever I'm downtown I go out of my way to get this pizza! Every slice is incredible! The Diavola is my favorite! It's like a spicy type of pepperoni! Also, this is the first time I've ordered a salad and it's the perfect complement to their pizza! The arugula salad is simple and delicious with a lemon dressing! So glad this place exists!!!!First visit this weekend and surely not the last. Having lived in Rome I miss their unique pizza. Finally the best recreation I've had in the states!  The specially prepared dough is the secret, topped with very fresh and tasty ingredients.  
Do yourself a favor and visit Rione soon!Great roman style pizza slices. Great for trying s couple of slices and sharing an arugula salad. Amazing.Very impressive crust - apparently a 72 hour process is what it takes to get it crispy and airy. The toppings are delicate and made of high quality ingredients. The customer service was quite lovely. However, I don't anticipate coming here frequently since I am more of a pizza smothered in tomato sauce, cheese, and toppings kind of person. I am still on the lookout for a Rittenhouse pizza joint that can do this well, so fellow Yelpers, please Yelp at me if you have a rec!My favorite pizza place in Philly. It does cost a bit more for a slice of pizza, but it is totally worth it. 3-4 slices will leave you satisfied (maybe not super full, but in a good place). I've come to this place a bunch of times and usually get 3-4 slices. The Carbonara is the best hands down. But what really makes this place good is bread. It's somewhat crispy, but the texture makes it. It gives good mouth feel. The ingredients are top notch. My advice for those who like eating a lot: buy 2 slices of Marinara (the cheapest) and go home and add some of your own mozzarella or deli meats on top. Like I said, the bread is the best part.
TL;DR: Delicious pizza, awesome bread, Carbonara is the best, will leave you satisfied in a non-bloated way.Had just one slice, the Triocolore and while it looks like nothing special in the tray, it's actually full of flavor, crispy, and just delicious. I live walking distance and this is my first time trying it and I can't believe what I've been missing out on. So much better than Slice! Looking forward to trying the other flavors. The hype is legit folks!Highly recommended! One of the most unique pizza experiences in Philly!! Its a focaccia style pizza- a hybrid between thin crust and sicilian thick crust. A great balance- so people who like one or the other will probably like this.
The dough is raised for 72 hours and creates an airly light easily digestable crust with a crispy bottom. The toppings are numerous and can satisfy a wide range of tastes from decadent to healthy. As a personal trainer and nutritionist I would recommend this to my clients as a healthy indulgence .The owners were friendly and we felt like family the day we were there.They have TVs that play sports from ItalyA seriously fantastic pizza place. It is on the pricier side for a single slice of pizza, but it's entirely justified by the quality.
Really intimate inside, plenty of seating and really great staff.
I go a slice of the carbonara and the margherita and a drink, and with tip I think it came out to maybe ~$12. The carbonara was fantastic, it seriously tasted like a plate of carbonara pasta. The margherita was also very good however I wish it would have had slightly more (and more melted) mozzarella on top. I wish I would have been able to try the diavola but the couple before me got the last slice. 
Definitely not your typical pizza slice joint, but that's good because it's still great pizza.GO HERE!
I love Rione, so glad it is new to the neighborhood. It's pizza slices are the perfect size and perfect slice, and I have to stop myself from coming here every day because it is THAT good! The restaurant has a clean vibe and the pizza is the star of the show. I can't wait to go back and try their fried rice things (I forget what they're called but they're a speciality Roman food). My boyfriend and I got 6 different slices, including the eggplant, the potato one, the diavolo (think pepperoni but less greasy &a more spicy), marinara, and a few others I'm forgetting, but honestly I can't wait to try them all!Great place. Needed food in a crunch for time. Was able to scarf some slices and be on my way. Food was delicious and staff was friendlyThis is a simple, friendly restaurant with delicious pizza by the slice. The ingredients are high quality and the price is less than you would imagine---only $3.50.
Incidentally, there is ample room to sit and the space is fresh-looking and clean. I'm afraid this is going to become a habit!It's nice to find a pizza shop like this that offers something different.  Most pizza places in Philly are either your standard delivery pizzeria or standard brick oven.  When I went they had 13 varieties of square pizza that were around $4 a slice.  Many had meat on top or inside and there were plenty of unique varieties plus the standard margarita.  Ended up being a little pricey for the food I got, I bought three slices and was still a little hungry although I do have a big appetite.  Pulls off four stars on taste and uniqueness though.I live in New York City and I'm spoiled by good pizza, but this unassuming little spot has some of the best pizza I've ever had. I can't stop thinking about the prosciutto and fig slice.Ordered slices of Diavola, Patate e Salsiccia, and Prosciutto Crudo.
Loved every bite. I arrived with a friend right around noon. We got there just before the lunch rush hit.
It's been ages since I've stayed in Rome door a quick study abroad stay and I can't quite remember the taste and textures of the al taglio pizza all those years ago but this place sure does have amazing pizza.
If I had to choose between the three, I'd order the prosciutto. Though honestly the potato and sausage one is a real close second.Had a chance to stop in here this week as I was up that way for work. Very friendly greeting and explanation of the pizza when I first walked in. I usually do not eat a big lunch so I limited myself to one slice. Forget the exact name but it had a spicy pepperoni topping. It may have been the best slice I ever had. Crust  and pepperoni were incredible. I shall be backI stopped in for some takeaway pizza for lunch during the cold freeze. Perhaps because of the weather, the place was pretty empty. There was a wide selection of pizza flavors, and the friendly cashier/pizza server recommended that I get 2 slices per person.
The presentation of the pizza certainly took me back to Europe, where I enjoyed a number of pizza al taglio slices while sitting in some cobblestone-paved plaza. After struggling a bit to narrow down the choices (there were so many that looked really good!), I ended up with the mushroom (truffle and porcini) slice, the carbonara slice, and a meatball/tomato sauce (polpetto?) slice. The cashier then popped them in the little pizza toaster and in just a few minutes, my slices were neatly boxed and I was on my way. Each slice was ~$4, so the total for a lunch for 2 (/3 slices) came out to slightly under $12.
I really enjoyed all the slices, and 3 slices were definitely enough for 2 people. The crust tasted like if focaccia were pizza dough (and I love focaccia!), and I particularly enjoyed that each slice had a good amount of flavorful ingredients, yet the ingredients really clung to the crust, making for an easy-to-eat, portable lunch (as opposed to the more American-style saucy gooey pizza). If you have small kids, I feel like they'd like this place because there's so many choices (!), and you'll love this place because there will be so much less mess than usual.I've been to Rome multiple times and this is as authentic as they come. Fresh ingredients, perfectly portioned pizza (which helps keep the line moving), wide variety of toppings and best enjoyed with a beer or glass of wine (it's BYOB!). 
Highly recommend the "tricolore" (pesto, buffala mozzarella & tomatoes) & any of the sandwiches (if available). Oh, and the suppli! Can't have just one. 
So happy to have another quality, casual spot in Rittenhouse.Been looking for a tasty but unique pizza place in Rittenhouse for a while, and was thrilled to stumble upon Rione. My wife and I tried four different slices, plus the spinach salad and potato croquette, and everything was delicious (we recommend the tomato, basil and pesto pie). To top it all off, the service was great--everyone was extremely kind. Highly recommend Rione! Won't be disappointed you stopped by.Been here 3 times now and very well could be the best pizza place in Philadelphia. Service is great and the guys behind the counter are helpful and the pizza is as good as you get it in Italy. The dough is so well done and I love that they always have different kind of slices. Doesn't get much better, love coming here.Hands down the best slices of pizza I've had in Philly. The crust is just the right thickness: crunchy on the outside, soft and warm on the inside. The sauce is delicious and the ratio is just right. And the mozzarella was... angelic: impossibly soft and so juicy. Definitely coming back here for more. Never had authentic Roman style pizza before, I now have a new favorite.
The staff was also very friendly and welcoming. The gentleman who helped us explained the Roman style of pizza, how it's made, and recommended some slices to us.Rione is fancy pizza that is sold by the slice.  Each slice costs between $3.25-$4.25.  This place is great if you are a small family with little kids or are a single person going out with friends or someone who wants a slice for lunch.  
However, if you have teenage boys who like to eat, it will cost you an absolute fortune to feed them.  This is not the place to bring a boy who can eat an entire pizza unless you can spend the big bucks.
I didn't see an option to buy a full sized pizza. 
The pizza is delicious.  The mushroom pizza is fabulous.   There were many vegetarian choices.The pizzas are so good and has so many different options! My favorites are the diavolo and the prosciutto with arugula, but I like all the other ones too! I love the rectangle flatbread style of the pizza. The flatbread was not soggy on the bottom, but extra crispy! The prices were not bad for a "fancier" pizza place. Service was super quick and the staff is super friendly!Just stopped by this new spot in Rittenhouse to try out their pizza. The place is cute and clean and has a section where you can sit down to eat and even bring a bottle of wine! They have only been open a few days so I think they are still working out the kinks. I got an eggplant slice and a potato slice. They are about $3 a slice- a little steep but didn't seem too crazy. The crust itself was delicious- crispy, thick and flavorful in all the best ways. The eggplant Slice was really good. The potato one was a bit confusing.....no cheese or sauce or anything-just literally crust and thinly sliced potatoes. Would not get that again. They only had 3 kinds of pizza out and said they are still working out the menu. Would love if they added a cheese or maybe a white sauce to the potato pizza? I'm looking forward to coming back and trying some more pizza!Very different king of pizza. Delicious light rectangular crust with not so much cheese in the  toppings. Not the kind to of pizza place for a whole pie. Slices about $4 - $5 each.Fabulous pizza, we went twice last weekend while in town visiting family. We really enjoyed mixing and sharing the different slices available. The pizza was perfectly light crusted with just enough crispness.  If you have been lucky enough to have enjoyed authentic Roman pizza, you'll love this. Do yourself a favor and visit. The owners are very friendly as well, they even wrapped me a few slices to take back on the plane.  I'll be back on every visit to Philly.Philly has tons of pizza options but this roman style pizza joint has recently caught my eye (and stomach). The pizza is sold by the slice and the ambience is more casual than other restaurants with similar menus. The pizza itself is crisp, light, and non-greasy. If you take it to go (like I did), just pop it in the oven for a few minutes and you have a fabulously fresh, crispy pizza slices. 
1) Eggplant - the most flavorful of the 4. Highly recommended!! 
2) Potato and rosemary - interesting combination, didn't love it but didn't hate it. 
3) Marinara - perfect, as expected. 
4) Tomato pie - too dry, I would have enjoyed it more with more sauce. 
Rione, welcome to the Philly pizza scene!I will be dreaming about this perfectly crispy crust for months! Rione has an amazing selection of authentic Roman pizza by the slice. I had to go back twice in two days so I could try all of the options. This is a great place to swing by with friends. Plenty of seating, fast, friendly staff, and a great ambiance. Save room for some suppli too!This place is the SPOT. PERFECT if your day drinkin. Light pizza but also some of the most delicious. This place gona blow up, watch.It's almost impossible to find Roman pizza like this. I've been a fan of Bonci, the king of Roman pizza, and this stands up to that quality! The offerings were changing as we were there standing in line (yes, they have lines) the toppings were simple and tasty! The dough is light, crunchy and very flavorful. Keep in mind they just opened, and they're still figuring out a good service flow, but I'll defiantly return to try more toppings!I've been on the hunt for a suppli since my study board days in 2012 and was super excited to see them on the menu! They were delicious and very filling! I also had the sausage and broccoli rave pizza (folded into a sandwich to go) and it was amazing! Their ingredients were fresh and their staff were friendly!Stopped in during their soft opening and was pleasantly surprised. Having never had roman style pizza prior to this I was intrigued to see the difference. The owners are friendly and motivated and I went with two recommendations, potato with sausage and mushroom with prosciutto. The crust was light and airy and both were delicious. The decor is comfortable and clean. Look forward to coming back in the future. Definitely recommend!I. LOVE. THIS. PLACE! 
First off, I'm not really supposed to eat pizza, because I'm not really supposed to have too much wheat. So when I do give in to a serious craving, I head to Rione! The pizza is well worth the "wheat sensitivity reaction." (Although, because of the way they make their dough (something about letting the dough rise for days) the reaction isn't nearly as bad...YAY!) 
The crust is simply amazing!!! It's light and airy, not heavy and crazy chewy. The cheese/sauce/dough ratio is perfect!!! There aren't gobs of greasy fake cheese sliding all over the place, leaving oil stains that would make Mobil envious. The ingredients are top notch!!! No imitation, craptastic products here...REAL cheese, outstanding produce, and exceptional meats!
So, if you have a hankerin' for a pizza that is actually worth eating, Rione is the place for you. A true hidden gem in Philly that you should definitely seek out!This review is for margarita pizza. The crust is moist and not greasy at all with fresh tomato sauceGreat pizza, fresh ingredients, variety of choices. I like this place especially for lunch and for a mid-afternoon snack. If you want to make it a meal, you'll probably need around 3 slices, which, depending on the pizza you pick, will come out to around $10-$11. I wish it came with a little complementary salad, to get some greens with the meal, but oh well. The people who work here are delightful too!Amazing. Reminds us of our trips to Rome. The crust is airy but has great flavor. The toppings are fresh, and they offer a wide variety. Best pizza in the area for sure.My husband and I recently got back from Italy (and ate a ton of pizza while there) so I've been wanting to try this place after reading the great reviews. This pizza is every bit as good as the pizza we ate there, if not better! And well priced too. We will definitely be back.Very cute place - good size for large groups. Interesting toppings, but the pizza lacked flavor. Would love to see a few more things on the menu - would go back to see if there are any changes :)Usual and over the top delicious pizza. The choices are varied and creative. We can't wait to return.I stumbled upon Rione today as I was trying to escape the madness of the Erin Express. Picked up a few slices - Margherita, potato and sausage concoction, and a mushroom concoction. OMG - these were all amazing!!! I actually liked the potato sausage one the best and I'm not even a fan of potatoes or sausages! 
I've never had pizza like this before - it was very light, thin, cut in rectangles.
The staff were so welcoming and helpful and extremely patient with me as I asked what every slice was and for their recommendations. The inside is very clean and spacious with a lot of room for seating. 
I hope they do well!Went in here the other day and the food was great overall, minus the salad being served in a plastic container. If you're dining in why not serve it on a plate?
Came back since the food was good with a to-go order and the pizza was not nearly as good. The slices almost seemed deflated and the consistency with the pizza from the first visit to the second was not there.
I might be back but overall it kind of left a blah feeling for going backRione has turned into one of my favorite pizza spots. I appreciate the variety of pizzas so everyone can get what they want. The staff will cut the slices in half for you if you want to share.
I typically order the arugula salad with 1 or 2 slices.  The arugula has a nice lemony and light dressing that's complimented well with pine nuts for an extra crunch.  I tend to order different slices each time. Thus far, my favorites are the carbonara, parmigiana, margherita and patate. The crust is so light and airy with huge bubbles. While the crust looks super thick, its not and doesn't weigh you down like most other pizzas. The slices are always fresh!
Staff is always super friendly and quick to bring out your pizza. Highly recommend of you've never had Roman style pizza!My favorite spot to get pizza in Philly! It is authentic and if you've ever had the pizza al taglio in Rome, it will take you right back! You can't go wrong with any of the flavors - but the margherita, diavola, and prosciutto are a couple of my favorites. Also, don't forget the Suppli - my boyfriend and I always split both flavors since they are so delicious! Owners and staff are fantastic and it's BYOB! Grab a couple beers right next store at Monde Market or a bottle of wine and dine in.Pizza al taglio is a Roman specialty and Philly now has an independent eatery specializing in this treat. Al taglio means by the slice and what is offered here is indeed gourmet pizza sold by the slice. There are many different combination toppings starting with their best-seller - the Diavalo Pizza. This is spicy soppresatta with tomato sauce, mozzarella, parsley, and olive oil....all familiar toppings in the pizza universe. It indeed is good although I didn't find the soppresatta very spicy.  But now for the real highlight - the salsiccia and rapini with broccoli rabe, mozzarella, pecorino, and olive oil. This is one of the most tasty pizzas I have ever eaten.  And of course the pizza crust which requires 72 hours to rise is excellent - just flavorful and crispy enough with an airy texture.  Def try this pizza ... you'll thank me later!
The atmosphere for eating in is fine with European football on TV. Condiments and free water are provided.  Service is extremely friendly and the owners are present to insure everything goes well.  Pizza al taglio at Rione will cost a bit more than slices from a big pizza pie elsewhere ... but I think you will def find interesting the various topping combinations and enjoy the totally good quality.Second time here but this time, I dined in and I have no choice but to up my rating to a 5! The area is spacious and fits around 5 tables and two large screen TVs. You order, pay and get seated while the slices are warmed up to the perfect crispy texture and served directly to the table in a metal tray. The pizza was even better than I remember it tasting when I took it to go. My favorite vegetarian slices include Margarita, eggplant, and spinach + artichoke. 
Rione, so excited to have you part of the Philly food scene!Philly has grown into a pizza town. My original top 5 pizza spots included: Beddia, Vetri (ritt not Callowhill), In Riva, Zavino and Nomad (barely over Tacconelli's). This pizza is very Roman-esq, as I imagine many other reviewers have noted. This slides into the #2 slot, only because Beddia is somewhat of an enigma. 
The pizza is reminiscent of Bonci in Rome, but the dough is WAY better. This is a solid choice for Philly pizza. As noted, the dough is top notch, and unlike others in Philly, the variety is great. I wouldn't recommend passing this spot up. Very good mix of old world style with a dash of modern flair. Plus, it's BYO, where can you go wrong? Will def be back.I want to give Rione a good rating because the concept and quality are a much-needed addition in the area. However, when you order four slices (for $15) and only three are found in the box upon returning home, it makes it difficult to rate. I'm willing to give them a second chance, but will certainly check the box before leaving the store!Pizza was excellent and reasonably priced Good variety of flavors and it felt very authentic. The owner was serving and is a really nice guy chasing his dream. The kind of place you want to support.The pizza crust is amazing.... airy and crisp to perfection. Definitely can spot the 72 hour dough rise time based on the wonderful chewiness yet airy texture of the crust. It is simple yet so delicious. Will definitely be back for more pizza. The ambience is casual, clean and laid back. Customer service was above and beyond.Just got a slice of pizza from there can't wait to get home and try it so glad they have a cheeseless option for my dairy we allergyI am SO INCREDIBLY JEALOUS of people that live in cities with good pizza. Rione was amazing and probably my favorite thing I ate during my Philly trip - and that includes dinners at Vernick, Barbuzzo, and Zahav!
I got two slices (sausage/rapini and diavola) to go so that I could have dinner on my flight home to Colorado. Even a few hours leftover, the pizza was AMAZING. I was seriously kicking myself for only getting two slices.
This will be the first stop I make next time I am in Philly!!!Roman-style pizza? Yes please! The most authentic I've ever found in Philly. 
I love pizza by the slice so much. This crust is banging, the only con is it's not by weight come in Italia.  So if you wanna try a bunch, you get a standard sized slice. But I understand for the sake of speed of service.
Oh, and it's BYOB. ;)Here is more expensive than Blaze which I got pizza frequently, but at this quality this place is still good. They have the best pizza crust.Tried Rione tonight. Crust was fabulous- crunchy but light at the same time. Carbonara and prosciutto with mozzarella were both great. Marinara could have used a little more sauce and zucchini was very fresh but needed seasonings - was very bland. Thus the 4 stars. We will try it again. Nice option in the neighborhood.Rione is the real deal! Delicious and authentic  Roman pizza. Can't wait to head back to try more flavors!I studied in Rome for a semester and would have suppli every other day while there. Rione's suppli is perfect and their pizza is delicious. They also deliver on Trycaviar. Service is excellent. Highly recommend!!Awesome new pizza spot! We tried 6 different kinds the first time we came here, and it was impossible to pick a favorite. Very affordable for the quality. We are pizza addicts and have very high standards, so this was a great find.Went here tonight for dinner.  Experienced the Roman style pizza and rucola salad.  Tried the margarita, broccoli rabe and sausage, and meatball.  Fare prices, nice interior.  Would definitely come back soon!Pretty solid family-ran Italian pizza restaurant. It's BYOB as well. Some guys just popped open some brews. Friendly service, good pizza, clean place and decent prices. This is not a drunk food spot so don't expect $1.99 slices.
-Diavola (3.75 euros): similar to a pepperoni pizza but much better with a crispy crust and good flavoring 
-Potato with sausage (3.50 euros): reminds me of my many European's nights of potatoes and meat meals. Pretty tasty
Overall, will most likely come back as the food was good and it's real close to where I reside. Only area of improvement is the temperature of my food wasn't hot outta the oven. Then again I came 45 mins before closing so...So good! It really was like being back in Rome! They really care about the honoring how it's done in Rome, but without being at all pretentious about it. We tried 6 different slices, and they were all delicious. The crust was perfectly crunchy, and all the toppings were so flavorful. We ate in, and the service was very friendly too. I'll definitely be back!Holy cow!!  Had read about Rione, and finally was nearby and wondered in...even though just had dinner. OMG, I would have to say this is in the top five in Phila...but #1 in it's specific category of thicker Roman pizza. The husband and wife proprietors are running an impressive operation. The pizza is so good for a few reasons: 1: The dough...whatever he's doing to make that dough...keep doing it!!  It's kind of like Metropolitan's specialty made artisan dough, and the way it cooks, the texture, the taste...damn, just go and enjoy!! 2: The various types of pizza are unique, creative and taste great. They cook the pizza to the perfect hot temp to make the bottom crusty and the rest just the way it should be. I had the Carbonara...still thinking about it 4 days later.  Will be back soon!!Dropped into Rione early on a Saturday night with my boyfriend to grab some pizza to go. We ordered three slices: Margherita, Prosciutto, and Potato with Sausage. We reheated them at home at 450 for five minutes and they were delicious; much better than any other Roman style pizza in the city. 
The service was also great; the wait was only about five minutes and the entire staff was extremely friendly. The seating area decor is minimal and fresh; had I known how cute it was inside beforehand I probably would have come later and eaten the pizza there. I'll definitely be coming back!Delicious, fresh ingredients. Great neighborhood addition for a different kind of pizza option.Perfect Roman style pizza. The crust is airy, pillowy and crunchy and not greasy at all. The bottom of pizza is a gorgeous golden brown. It is not soaked in oil like other thicker square pies. Simple authentic toppings compliment the dough without taking away from the long and appreciated fermentation process. We shared 4 slices which was the perfect amount for a mid afternoon snack. We will definitely be back.Lovely and unique option for takeway pizzas in a style you won't find much elsewhere in Philly. Great for various occasions. I could see bringing this to a dinner party to add interesting spin on things, a quick better-than-takeout pizza option for a night in, or to pair with a boozy dinner. A bit on the pricier side, and the slices needed some sprucing up in the oven, but I love the concept.This place is a true neighborhood gem thats worth a trip over here just for their pizza. Authentic Roman style pizza that was praised by a real Italian (no joke my friend was visiting from Florence, Italy and said it was one of the best he's ever had). Flavorful, crisp, and airy, this pizza will not disappoint. In fact, as I type this, my mouth is watering so I have to cut this short so I can go grab myself a slice before they close! 
Lots of veggie or meat options and reasonably priced slices. Something for everyone. Do yourself a favor and forgo the soggy oily pizza that is found all around town and come visit this authentic home grown Roman style pizzeria. I mean, where else are you going to get pizza thats made from dough that has risen 72 hours?This is an up and coming pizza restaurant in the heart of the city. Really like how convenient it is to other hot spots around the city. Their pizza slice proportions are perfect! Neither too big nor too small. Satisfies your stomach. Their price is reasonable. I would really recommend their Margherita slice; one of their classics.This place will give you a taste of Italy in Philadelphia. 
I marked it down a star because the slices were slightly oily and not as thin as expected.A delicious, little, Romanesque pizzeria!  Very reminiscent of Bonci (aka the great pizza I ever had).  The crust was light with a wonderful bite to it and the toppings were done to perfection.  Highly recommend grabbing a slice and walking around Rittenhouse.