Serving up the typical Chinese dishes, we did not expect anything out of this world, but Rising Tide delivered on many cylinders.  From the lightly battered walnut shrimp, to the well flavored peking pork, we happily delved into our meal.  One of the highlights was their gianted baked oysters, which arrived piping hot and simmering in its own broth.  Safe to say, we left with our stomachs full and our appetites satisfied.Blech. I have come here for dinner, lunch, karaoke, and just a quick drink and every experience was mediocre. The service is decent and relatively quick. I don't get why the joint is BYOB but also has a full bar, but I digress.
The food is inedible to average. I enjoyed the Peking duck, pan fried noodles, and lobster on one occasion. All the other times, I had flavorless squid, limp, under-seasoned fish, and tasteless masses of vegetables. Yuck. 
The bubble tea is decent, pretty watery IMO. Every single time, I clearly state "NO ICE." but lo and behold, I will leave with ice in my drink. Prices are cheap, but so are portions.
The karaoke is awful here. The song selections are out of date and missing classic numbers. The controls on the machine are weird and illegible to those who do not read Chinese. Maybe I am spoiled from all the great karaoke spots in NY but this place genuinely stinks.Its a good price for the food. Their boba was just okay. The food is a little bit too greasy for me. Still pretty good though!Rising Tide is great and cheap.
Let me explain my rating...
I don't believe this place deserves a 5, since it's a chinese restaurant and doesn't exactly stand out from the bunch.  But i love the crab meat congee there, and i like how i can try new things and not the generic "general tsos" or "chicken and broccoli."  
The service is never exactly pleasant, but is quick and gives you what you want and need.  They also gave us peanuts when i visited here with my parents, and always give oranges and are hospitable.  I know that they recognize me by face by now, so that has to do with it im sure.
I always go here with my friends after the bars for a late night snack, and sometimes for dinner when i'm craving some congee!Food here is pretty consistent. The wait staff is friendly and the prices are reasonable. This is one of my go to places in chinatown, Ive taken many friends there and they have all liked it.A not-so-hidden gem in the Philadelphia Chinatown, this modest late-night dinner/kareoke spot has excellent seafood and some of the best, authentic-enough-for-my-mother Cantonese-style Chinese cuisine around -- if you know what to order.
Rising Tide is one of my Chinatown favorites for several reasons. The food is always served just-off-the-stove fresh. And I don't just mean it's served hot -- the food tastes like it was cut, seasoned, and cooked from scratch right when you ordered, and in the case of some of the seafood, that's what actually happens. The restaurant and kitchen are a tight ship, so what you order is exactly what you get. Want the vegetables simmered with a little salt instead of stir fried with garlic? No problem. Want your fish cooked dry style instead of with sauce? You got it. Short of flying to Hong Kong, this is about as legit as it gets.
They have quite a selection, but you can't go wrong ordering the seafood here. I usually go for the whole stir-fried lobster. It's cooked in a garlic sauce that's one of the best I've had in Philly, and is also a deal ($14 for a whole lobster when we went, but the price may fluctuate seasonally). The curry fish is also good, and mildly flavored (different from Indian curry). They also have some traditional Cantonese favorites, like frog leg, as well as a rotating selection of fresh vegetables. I'm a fan of the pea leaves with garlic and the Chinese water spinach (空心菜), but depending on the day their other vegetables may be better. The wait staff here is pro and knows exactly how good/fresh each item of vegetable and seafood is on any particular day, so if you're unsure, just ask. 
Of course, not everything here is garlic and stir fry. If you're looking for milder options, they also make good congee (with all the trimmings), and will usually finish off a meal with sliced oranges.
They're open for dinner (starting at 5pm), but not lunch!Def a good place for Cantonese style Chinese food. They served quality food. Seafood is their specialty. Personally love the curry fish. It's something I order every time. 
The best thing about Rising Tide is their karaoke room. You don't have to pay a dime for the room as long as you order food there. It's just a great deal considering how expensive karaoke places charge just for the room. 
The reason I'm not giving them 5 star is I think the portion of food is smaller than other restaurants. I eat a lot and quantity matters to people like me.1. Salted pork dish
2. Quick service
3. Typical chinese
The salted pork is soooo good! It's perfectly crispy and well seasoned. It might be a bit salty if you eat it alone, but with rice it was great! 
The short ribs were also decent and the Singaporean noodles were also pretty solid.
Service was descent. We went after good friday service to break fast and we were seated within 5 minutes for a party of 9 without a reservation. 
Pricing is pretty good too. We ordered 6 dishes for 9 people and it came down to $10 per person with tip and we still had extras!!halfway through our meal, we were served dumplings. my girlfriend picked one up and showed me a cockroach that was stuck on one of the soup dumplings.i have pictures i'll show you later.
so friends, you know there are so many of those late night chinese + cocktail establishments, and it's my goal to try every single one of them, albeit at pretty reasonable hours.
i've only been to ho sai gai before, and as you can see from my review of them, i wasn't impressed. hence i didn't go back, but pretty much randomly chose rising tide as the next candidate in my search of that ultimate alcohol fueled chinese feast go-to. sadly this place did not deliver either.
the single stand out in my mind was the way the restaurant smelled upon entering. it is beyond unpleasant. i wanted to leave, but The Boy is still hobbling around on a cane and i felt bad. the smell did go away after a while / by the time we were eating, so i guess you could say it wasn't off-putting enough to prevent me from consuming food, but the human body adapts amazingly speedily, and i'm not sure you want to rely on that in order to have a meal. seriously, that was an incredibly offensive odor of old oil and just, people, like, it smelled like dense foot traffic. but you can be the judge of this if you wish.
we ordered the house special crabs, ong choy, beef ho fun and black pepper beef. nothing especially amiss, only that i could have had the same level of execution for a fraction of the price at Ting Wong or any of those other places that don't have to find a way to afford an expensive alcohol license. the flat, wide noodles of the ho fun were sticking together, which makes me think they didn't care much about achieving the right texture for the dish. the black pepper beef dish seriously lacked flavor. i was expecting a peppery, beefy dish, but instead i got some gooey onions and green peppers and beef slices in a gross, gooey, bland sauce without a hint of black pepper. not very appetizing, though the tenderness of the beef partially redeemed it for us. 
now the crab. it was without a doubt the best dish that we got. but here's the trouble with 'market price'. i looked around before ordering, and saw that live lobsters were $13/per, so how much could a crab be, i thought? turns out, it was $40. it was a good dish, but not a $40 dish. i wouldn't pay $20 to have it again, and especially not since it necessitates that i return despite the off putting smell the whole restaurant just, emits. ah,well, the search continues, i suppose.I've been going to Rising Tide with my family since they opened. Overall,  they have good bubble tea and seafood. 
Some dishes they do well at are soft-shell crab, pork and clams, snow pea leaves, mapo tofu, seafood hotpot, live steamed fish and walnut jumbo shrimp. Their sauteed pepper steak and stuffed eggplant are also pretty decent. 
My only complaint is the portion size, which is sometimes significantly smaller and inconsistent. Overall, it's a good place for groups and luckily it's open late at night.Went back again. Got green milk tea aloe vera. Green milk tea is alright,  too creamy and not enough tea for me. But hey, this item is not on the menu so thank you. (: The girl barely looked at me the entire time I was waiting to get my order in.We made a reservation a week in advance for a karaoke room for a birthday party. When we arrived, they completely messed up our reservation, and then they proceeded to be extremely rude to us, implying that it was our fault. We waited for over 40 minutes until we just decided to leave.
Didn't get a chance to try the food, so can't provide any particular comment on that. But the service there is terrible.Had my friend's birthday party there. They kept recommending us their "best" dishes, however, all smell rotten, bad, and, ehh, indescribable. Not sure how many nights they kept their seafood before serving them to us. People there are extremely unfriendly and mean. will NEVER go back there again. NEVER.We had a dinner with family inside the private room on Tuesday night. 
1st, the  room is karaoke room but we are not enjoy. The sound and KTV touch screen system are bad. 
2nd, the waiter service is not professional, poor customer service. He is rude and disrespectful. I wanted to order Braised Japanese Toufu, but they don't have Japanese Toufu which is fine with me. But he said " This is Chinese restaurant, if you want to have Japanese Toufu, you should go to Japanese restaurant not here. " So I replied him " There is serving in Chinese restaurant but in China." We asking to refill our tea pot and have some water, he took the tea pot and come back only with water without refill the tea pot. 
3rd, the food served super slow. We order around 8-10 dishes , the foods on the table are already cold. The food tastes are not satisfied for us, the serving are not worth the price! 
I will not come back to this restaurant anymore. This is worse restaurant I ever seen.I liked this place. My son loved their wonton noodle soup and I enjoyed the cold jellyfish. The service was good also. I'll eat there again next time I'm in Philly.This place is a staple every time I visit philly.  The food is always fresh & satisfying and the service friendly.  It's open late and has a large drink menu.  Their seafood has been consistently good - salt and pepper seafood plate, the lobster cooked any way you want, and monkfish with vegetables are definately my favorites.I waited more than half hour to get my food even there were only three or four tables of people! And they gave me the wrong food, but I didn't know that because I never order or eat before. So I ate the wrong food. When I realized, I asked them to refund me or give me the right food that I ordered but they refused it because I already eat it?! Also, they automaticlly add 20% tip and won't tell u! most of people don't know so they give tip again! Never go to this resturant !!!rising tide, 
oh how i love you
have been here probably about 15 times now
always amazing
=]
yum yum yum yum yummmmyyy
fast service
and good drinksMy friends and I always go to RIsing tide as our default chinese restaurant, especially when we're getting the munchies late at night!  (And it's good that they open pretty late - 2AM?)  And we always eat "family-style," never our own dish. This way, you save more money with bigger groups.
The food is relatively good, and I never had any problems with their food.
Our default orders are Beef Chow Fun, Beef Pan Fried Noodles (which I loooooveeeeee), Salt Baked Squid, General Tso (portion could be bigger..) and other things.
Then we always end the night by getting bubble tea/smoothies!
The smoothies are pretty sweet if you can't handle extremely sweet stuff. But not a big deal. Their bobas are okay.
My favorite drink is "Green Apple & Mango Tea with Aloe Vera." TRY IT !
I don't know what the other reviewer said about "powdered drinks."..... Either I never ordered those, or I just don't think they use powder, because I HATE POWDER BUBBLE TEA. I always see them using syrups. So whatever.
Overall, price is whatever, kind of on the pricey side, but not a big deal when going in groups and eating family-style.If I could give this establishment negative stars, I would have. 
Short and simple, don't ever plan a party here. If you are not careful with double checking your bill, they will overcharge you on purpose hoping you're too intoxicated to notice..food is just ok, service is really bad, the manager charge us something we didn't orderI came here for the bubble tea and wasn't disappointed, the smoothie (blended ice) taro and lychee were good, not too sweet, and didn't have that powdered texture some poor quality teas have.
However, that is where the positives ended. 
Ordered hot & sour soup, garlic fried chicken, steamed dumplings, and rice. The chicken and dumplings were what you would expect, though for the price I would have liked a bit more chicken versus bones. 
We had to repeatedly ask for the soup, which usually comes out first, and when we finally got it, it was luke-warm/almost cool. I just asked them to microwave it, but it still took asking again before we got it. Finally trying it (and it still wasn't that hot) Its texture was closer to duck sauce than soup. Not impressed. They also forgot the rice, but remembered to charge me for it. This was not a busy night either.
Bottom line, I expect low customer service from a chinatown place, but I expect to get what I order and not have to ask for it to be hot. Skip the food, and get your bubble te to go.I've eaten here a lot late night and I am definitely a fan.   If you haven't gone before you should try the duck.  In fact, most of their menu is delicious.  The only thing I would stay away from is the baby shrimp kung pow and peanut dish, which had a can of peanuts dumped on top of a few baby shrimp and veggies.  Can't really knock off a star for one dish I didn't like out of at least 20 though, just be warned.  If the title says "peanut," the peanuts are more than a little garnish.  
Mostly I get takeout, but I have now eaten at the restaurant and can say that on my visit the staff was very nice.  It could be because it was 2am on a weekday and we were the only customers, but nonetheless it was a pleasant experience.I've been here SO MANY times with my friends. The food is alright. It does open late and there are a huge variety of drinks.So I went back recently and OMG the place smelled really weird.  Against the wishes of my fiancé I asked our waitress what was that smell and she didn't smell anything.  Every time a new patron came through the door I looked to see if they scrunched up their nose like me lol. Anyway we stayed and ordered because my honey wanted to. He got chicken fried rice which he enjoyed and I got what I thought was my favorite,  General Tso chicken. Uuugh it was not good, it was too crunchy and it wasn't juicy chunks of chicken breast... I was so disappointed this was my favorite place for General Tso chicken, well not anymore.I had a pretty good time here, although I've had better for less. The private rooms are really nice, and the service was quite speedy. They're definitely a bit underrated as far as their Yelp score goes though!service is OK, food is kinda overprice & not all that good. I only come here for the drinks when other bubble tea spots are close at night, other than that.. I'm not much of a fanLove this place.
First time we got there was purely by accident, but now we regularly come back.
Great food, very reasonably prices and helpful and friendly service, what else can one ask for?
Definitely would recommend the Seafood Tom Yam soup (for about $10 feeds 4 people) and 1/4 duck ($5)...
Beer selection is short, but at $3 for a bottle, tough to complain... 
Probably best place to grab something to eat and have a beer before a concert at the Troc...Once I'm in Philly, I have to come!  There are  always something new for me to order since there's the whole menu.  Service is awesome, and the food comes out fresh and fast.  They have fresh Roasted Ducks and other meats that are hung out towards the door.  And this is an actual good teen spot.  In a slight way.staff members were very accommodating, food was O.K i have had better. i like that they small private party room with karaoke machine with updated and different language selection music.They probably have the most extensive bubble tea drinks list among the restaurants in Chinatown.  I usually get the coconut smoothie bubble tea, which is pretty good.  The food here is also good, generously portioned, and very affordable.  Plus they have private karaoke rooms upstairs.  We usually don't order off of the menu, but they have great live scallops on the shell, stir-fried frog with chives, steamed fresh sea bass, fried crispy walnut shrimp, seafood hot pot, and sizzling black pepper short ribs (don't get the steak - it can be tough but the ribs are tender!).  They are also open until...well, the last customer leaves, which can be as late as 2-3 am.  Waiters are great and super friendly to the repeat customers, which is nice and almost unheard of in Chinatown.My late night go-to spot for the past 10 or so years.  I always order the same things - Salt Bake Squid, General Tso's, Beef Chow Fun (dry), Chicken & Eggplant in Garlic Sauce... and Walnut/Mayo Shrimp when I'm willing to spend some extra $.
This place is great because the food is always consistent in taste... the food comes out quick, it's open late (which is rare for Philly), and it's good for groups.
There's also party rooms.  And bubble tea.
I'll take away one star because bathrooms are nasty.We had a Saturday night reservation for 8 hot chicas in one of their private karaoke rooms upstairs.
The room: Small. Like, we had chairs touching one wall and just enough space to walk around one side of the table if we inhaled our whole front side, small. The screen was a decent size, though, so no complaints. The music selection was ok. Okay enough to have fun but not enough to keep from being disappointed when Fetty Wap and Meghan Trainor wasn't found on the list. We're Philly girls, meaning we're both gangsta and sweet and we would've liked our song choices to reflect that. Also, the mics kept running out of battery. Boo! Hiss!
Service: Ever been to an Asian restaurant in Philly staffed with Asians who speak English as a second language? If so, no explanations needed. They did their jobs, then hauled ass and came when called twice. Nothing more, nothing less.
Food: Pretty good. I was pleasantly surprised. We ordered a lot of shit. Many, many dishes. Anywhere between 6-8 entrees, 2 starters, a soup, 2 veggie sides, and 2 carb sides. Most were pretty much on point. 
Walnut shrimp in mayo sauce- YUM! Delicious
Salt baked squid and shrimp- Also YUM!
Water spinach- Whattya think? YUM!
Beef Chow Fun- Eh, kinda dry and the little bit of sauce it did have was bland. The beef was cooked well and was tender, but there was no flavor. 
Can't remember that much more about the rest of the food because I was also busy working the mic. Sorry, not sorry. 
Conclusion: Nice for a large crowd. It's BYOB and has private rooms upstairs that they offer for no charge if you spend a certain amount on food and drink. Our bill came to a smidge over $200, making our room free. They also didn't add gratuity to the bill unlike some places for a party of 6+, so all in all, it cost us $40 per person for 3.75 hours of fun. If you and your peeps are karaoke-ers, or even just like the idea of dining privately to music of your choice, this place is a decent option.Our dinner here was very good and the service and complimentary karaoke were fantastic.  We booked a room, complete with karaoke, and it was set up perfectly upon our arrival.  Our waiter was great; he was very helpful with the menu and even went to the kitchen to double check on the available live fish and seafood. 
Some of the culinary highlights:
1.  dried scallops and chives soup: savory and served piping hot.  It really wakes up your appetite and is light and refreshing
2.  live sea bass cooked 3 ways (stew, steamed, and pan-fried): The fish was very fresh and the soy-sesame sauce that came with the steamed dish really brought out the bass's inherent flavoring.  The stew was savory and very light, and I was very happy with my fish head and tail (don't knock it until you've tried it!  The head and tail contain the most flavorful portions of meat!).  The fried fillets were tender on the inside and enveloped in a crispy batter served with a scallion-garlic sauce that was very savory.  
3.  shrimp-stuffed tofu toast: pretty much on par with that from every other restaurant although I did like the extra crispiness of the batter.
4.  steamed live scallops on a half shell with a light ponzu drizzle: HUGE scallops with just a touch of seasoning that brought forth the natural flavors.  Need I say more?
5.  steamed live shrimp: Very large and fresh shrimp that had the perfect orange-red coloring.
6. dried scallops and egg fried rice:  Flavorful but a little on the greasy side.  Not bad, though.
7.  sauteed frog with yellow chives: Very tender and fresh in a light, flavorful garlic and chive sauce.  We always get this dish.
8.  fried half chicken: Not bad but not the best I've ever had.  Sangkee and Siu Kee make better fried chicken.
9.   sauteed crab: This was good but it wasn't Joe Shanghai's sauteed crab with sticky rice.  Not bad but I have very high expectations when it comes to crab at a Chinese restaurant.
It was definitely a seafood-centric meal and they executed it very well.  I also had a lychee/apple/aloe drink, which was very refreshing and summery.  The mazaing part about the meal was that despite the plethora of dishes, it didn't leave us feeling stuffed, but rather satisfied.  I did tell them to go light on the oil, though, which they did, without sacrificing flavor.  Ever since Shiao Lan Kung changed ownership, this has become our Chinatown get-togethers-with-picky-Asian-foodies restaurant.The bubble tea drinks they serve there are great! 
The food is just average, I recommend you to buy the drinks and not dine there unless you like sharing tables with other diners.Another staple of late night Chinatown food. My favorites include:
- Peking duck
- Beef pan fried noodles
- hot and sour soup
Come here drunk and enjoy.Love love love the seafood here. Can't go wrong with the garlic fried live shrimp, my fav. Peking duck also very very good. Any fish soup, even the veggies and fried rice are good. Haven't tried their hotpot but man it looked good. I've hosted large parties here and the only downside is that they let people smoke behind closed doors, which means that smoke wafts around even if you have a private room. Free ktv though if you get a room (might be a minimum spend depending on the night) service is attentive which I can't always say for others in c townJulie/Julia 
This is one of those awesome ghetto chinatown spot where you can go at all hours of the night and know that you can get some damn good cheap food. Sure beats a diner any day. And the greasy food will be especially good if your drunk or hungover. 
Start off with a soup. The corn soup and any of the other selections are all good. For a meal, it's family style or you can get rice dishes. A big fave of mine is the clams in black bean sauce.....delish.   Next would be the house special crabs. Not sure if it's on the menu or written in chinese on the wall. Just ask for it, it's pretty damn good. Just done differently than I've had at other spots. The salt and pepper pork chops are great too but very deep fried and greasy. 
The place is a bargain... Waiters are attentive and food comes quick. Get a pearl tea or red bean smoothie.Taro smoothie is my favorite drink here. I never order It from anywhere else! My friend ordered the congee and it had so much flavor, very yummy!  I've never had a problem with the food but I did have a problem with where they seated us. When we came in it wasn't pack. But they put us in the back where people had the karaoke party going on. And it was so loud and people kept coming in and out. (Drunk people)This place has bubble tea, boba tea, pearl milk tea, wahtever you want to call it.   The tea here isn't nearly as good as you can get elsewhere, but you know, beggars can't be choosers.
They also have a wide variety of shakes and smoothies like any good Asian juice bar should.   Wish they had fruit-topped shaved ice.  Maybe they do, I didn't stick around long enough to check.Cheap or affordable price
Humongous portion 
Fast
I love they serve you free garlic peanut as appetizer 
Brilliant 
Eat it and drink beer at the same time is excellent!
I could just give you 5 stars but
The other day i order kung pao chicken and it came only ground chicken and lots lots lots of bamboo shoots 
I mean is this a new style of kung pao?
I asked the waitress maybe she did write wrong order?
She said different chefs
OKAY but where is the peanut and the chili? Where is the veggie at all?
I don't knowRising Tide often falls slightly behind Wong Wong for me in terms of the food, but it is definitely a more surreal experience. There's a large screen that seems to play a neverending processing of J-pop, and the eels stare at you while you're eating. (To show them who is boss, I often eat eel here. Granted, this might be why they're staring at me.) It is a good place to go late at night with friends. 
Added bonus, they have bubble tea. Just don't watch them pour half & half into the glass. The guilt is horrific.I'm not sure about this place being open until five of whenever........but the food was mediocre at 10 at night. the staff were rude as hell!!!! and i got charged twice for something i NEVER even ordered. 
we got there around ten. no crowds, no line.....quiet for a Friday night.anyway, we get sat in the corner. away from society, and of course always near the bathroom(like segregation still exists in china town). 
the food was decent very hot...and fast....but they charged for everything we asked for including the lemon for my water that had no ice!!!!! then we had about 5 servers who got my order wrong.....and argued with me...even though the ticket was clearly written in plain English for what i wanted. 
after getting it fixed, the only female server...snatches, the money book....opens it...sees the tip..sighs....and slams my doggie bag on the table. if i wasn't so tall she would have spit on me!!!! 
all in all, ill never go here again unless drunk or with my Asian friends who will get much more respect... this place was horrible.The food was good.  I had the soup dumplings and lobster with black bean sauce, but the place was dirty and they charge for rice.  
That's very annoying when you go to an asian restaurant and you get charged separately for rice.  How do they expect you to eat the dish without it.  Rice is a staple component of any asian dish.  It's like serving sauce without the spaghetti and then charging you for it when you ask.  
Even when you go order takeout anywhere, they give you rice and don't charge you more for it.  
I wouldn't eat there again based on principle.The one and only good thing about Rising Tide is that their bubble tea is awesome, and if you ask for a bubble tea card, you can get a free bubble tea for every 3 bubble tea you buy.
Other than the bubble tea...the food is terrible.
Sure, they give you big portions. Sure, it comes out quick. HOWEVER, everytime I go, the food tastes like cardboard. SO BLAND! I ordered the beef chow fun and split it with my friend, and we both took a few bites and couldn't bear to finish it because it was disgusting. The ratio of noodles to beef was about 90:10. This is no exaggeration. No flavor and massive amounts of noodles with about five pieces of beef gives this dish two thumbs down. The other dishes my friends had were below average as well.
I don't plan to come eat here again any time soon.Stopped by this place after a late night in Philly looking for some late night food, and I was highly impressed. The food was delicious, served relatively quickly, and service was also very friendly. It was one of the few places still open late at night (try finding food around South Street that isn't at a diner). This place is equipped with a bar and private rooms. Food was moderately priced. Definitely a great spot for drunken hunger relief.The Singapore-style noodles were just okay, not too flavorful or too spicy. The pork dumplings were way too salty for my taste. The service was typical for a Chinese restaurant, though they did mess up my friend's drink order (whiskey sour vs. white spider). My mai tai tasted like strawberry kiwi powdered drink mix stirred into well vodka, but I suppose that's what I get for ordering a mai tai at a Chinese restaurant. Overall, wholly unremarkable.good for boba tea.
fun for karaoke.
food sucks! way too greasy!This place is excellent.
It's cheap, delicious. (Best General Tso's I've ever had)
It's open extremely late AND they have a bar. 
(Although I would stick to beer as the cocktails are small and pricey.)
I don't really have a review for a specific time that I went to this place. I've lived in Philly for 6 years and this is my go to for American-Chinese food. I've been here probably 10+ times and since I recently started yelping I thought that I'd write a review. As far as their more authentic Chinese food (hot pot, noodle bowls, etc) I cannot comment on them because 1. I'm not from China, 2. I can't get past ordering their American-Chinese dishes.
5 stars.The dilemma I have with Rising Tide is that I actually think they have some of the best boba (bubbles) in Chinatown. But the drink the boba is swimming in is not good! How frustrating is that! Unfortunately Rising Tide is a purveyor of powdered drinks. Ordering any fruit drink is a concoction of various jellies, powders, and flavorings. That is so disappointing. I always end up just getting tea.
The food here is okay, but seems to be overly oily (and Chinese food can be oily already). The good thing about Rising Tide is that it's open late late night (3 am on weekdays and 4 am on weekends) and sometimes if I'm sick of the few other Chinese places that are open late, I'll come here. 
The interior is a little more modern, with a few television screens, and often a very young crowd. Service is usually pretty curt (but what can you expect, I wouldn't want to be serving at 2 am) which is fairly standard in Chinatown.One of my favorite places for General Tso Chicken. I also LOVE their jasmine tea.How this place has a sub-four star rating is beyond me.  Either I've been eating at a different restaurant than the mass of 1-star reviewers for the past 11 years, or there's something sinister at work here... (is David's and Ken's restaurants hiring kids to write up negative reviews to bring this place down???  It wouldn't be much of a surprise to me).  This place has been serving up fast, tasty, and affordable bites (whether they be in the late night, or during regular dining hours) for as long as I have been a patron.  So if you want to take my word with a grain of salt for calling bullshit on these one star and two star reviewers, then do you boo boo.
Despite being superior to David's Mei Lei Wah and Ken's Seafood (both of which boast more clientele at any and all hours of the day... and yes, I've eaten at both of those a number of times as well), one can always find seating at this spot (even if rolling in with a larger cadre of diners) in relatively painless fashion.
The place has an impressively expansive menu, though I tend to stick with my good old standby of salt baked pork (I'll leave the adventurous selections to my fellow diners... as odds are we will all just split dishes when all is said and done).  The set up is family style dining, so grab a rice bowl and prepare to stack your plate with a number of various meats and veggies and noodles... and maybe even get a bowl to serve yourself up some of that tasty frog congee (mmmm, you heard me).
So, y'all can go to David's and Ken's and have some "meh" food and the very frequent rude service that those places expertly serve up... or you can come here for some tasty bites with some orange slices at the end of the meal.  I know where I stand, so make the right choice.The food was good. But for the manager to run our cards something higher than what was in our final check, real shady. Our total bill was $60.20 and we asked for them to split it into two checks. The manager eagerly comes out of the bathroom and sees our bill ready to be paid so he proceeded to take it to the front. 
Another server comes and drops the bill off with our receipts. I take a look at them and see $50.10 printed on each receipt. He was trying to charge us $40 more than what we were given. I'm not surprised though. We call the server over and she takes the receipts and our cards as if she's seen this happen at other times and didn't hesitate at all. And then the shady manager comes back with our reprinted receipts with our correct charged amounts and proceeded to start small talk. No thanks.
I'm sure he's taken advantage of those poor, drunk college students and late night eaters. Double check your bill and receipt. A place run by a pig like him should be out of business. Karma will get you, boss man.Come here if you like SPICY food.
The pig ear and fish was very good.  The vegetables offered a kick as well.
Check it out!!!!This is the other of two late-night destinations for Asian partygoers (first is Mai Lai Wah, which I've also reviewed).
First and foremost, Rising Tide has great bubble tea. I've stopped in more than once just for this. Green apple green tea bubble tea with lychee jelly is my fave.
The food is standard Westernized Chinese fare. Standouts include the HK style clams and this really interesting seafood rice dish, not entirely sure what it's called. I'm sure everything on the menu is tasty enough and prices are more than reasonable. Definitely a spot to hit up for drunken munchies.This place is a shell of what it used to be, and went from a family restaurant has become a haven for weirdos at weird hours of the morning.  I have found flies cooked into my food here before which stopped me from coming back and would suggest to anyone who is brave enough to try and eat here, to just bear being hungry.  The absolute last straw that makes this place no longer an option for me is to over hear the wait staff talking about how they brought a cat into the kitchen to catch the mice.
Sorry that's the end of the line for me.  
The only reason why I step into that place anymore is to get a cup of overpriced bubble tea after all the good bakeries have closed for the night.  Even still its with great apprehension that I do it, because you will run into a grumpy wait staff that is angry that you're ordering only drinks and not food.  But they make the drinks in front of you so you at least know they're not spitting in that.The girls that always makes my. Boba tea smoothies/ avocado smoothies is always really friendly like her service and love the drinks.Just had a birthday there today.  The employees were very attentive and very curious. Constantly refilling the water and changing our plates. The drinks are awesome and very delicious! What i love best is that the drinks are made from really fruits and not just powder that makes it taste like fruit. The food are great too I recommend the clams hong kong style , sizzling beef,  and lobster with ginger and scallions just make sure you tell them you want it with a little more sauce or it might be a tad dry. I do not recommended the duck though it was not that great but other then that it was all good. Again the service was what got them to the 5 star.I'm yet to dine at this restaurant, but had take-out twice, and was impressed both times. My favorite so far has been half a Peking duck and large container of hot and sour soup for under $11, which was enough food for dinner for two and lunch for two the next day, and really tasty! Probably a bit salty for some, but perfect for me. The staff are curt, which I'm used to at these types of establishments, but they're efficient and the food is delicious, which is more than good enough for me. Their biggest selling point is that they're cheap and open way late.3 stars for the beer.... 2 stars for the food....2.5 for the service....
Beer was great. Service was pretty good, but sadly the food wasnt that great...
Egg rools overcooked, and fried in old grease ... had that burnt taste to it...
Ordered general tso chicken, and was not that good...only beockoli with it that was completely raw...
Ordered rice with it, and had to call them baxk as none was beought... they begrudgingly brought me a tiny little boql of it.
Too many other places to try... even if they do have a good beer.So I came here on a Sunday night to get bubble tea. Well my friend did and he had the coupon to get a free drink, so he got his free drink, but the lady who was giving him and making his bubble tea seemed pretty angry. She was just yelling and talking to her employ in a high pitch voice and talking. Luckily enough, one of our friend who understood Chinese understood what she was saying. She was talking shit about my friend since he was getting a free bubble tea with his free coupon stamp thing. Like why would you implement a system like that if you are going to react like that. It makes no sense at all. After she made the bubble t ea, my friend paid her and she gave him his change but literally through the money at him. This lady needs to learn some manners or restaurant etiquette because she is clearing lacking a lot. I am extremely disappointed in rising tide. Never coming here again.Having lived in Philadelphia for 3+ years, I've passed Rising Tide many a times without checking it out, until a friend suggested it.  I wasn't too excited initially.   Some of the reviews are mediocre and being a late-night establishment, this place made me feel like it was geared towards late-night college students or something.
Thankfully, I was mistaken.  Yes, I was a little wary that at dinnertime on a weekend, this place was initially deserted but we went ahead and ordered some drinks and the baked shrimp/scallops/squid, a curry fish fillet casserole, and stirfried eggplant.  My fuzzy navel was just "meh" - kind of watered down, but the other dishes were on point.  The portion sizes were huge in general -- we had plenty of leftovers, and I had dinner for basically the next 3-4 nights from that alone.  The baked seafood dish was well-seasoned -- not too salty, not too bland.  It didn't have a lot of scallops but it did have a lot of shrimp and squid.  The fish fillet was steaming hot, as it should be, and did have plenty of fish fillet -- sometimes restaurants try to skimp on the meat, but I was satisfied by the amount of fish here.  I think the eggplant was the one dish I wasn't sure of. Yes, it was a huge portion but I couldn't tell exactly what flavor they were trying to get it, b/c it was neither entirely sweet nor salty, just sort of this sort of bland in-between.  At any rate, we didn't get too much attention from the wait staff but seriously, this is typical of a Chinese restaurant -- besides ordering and paying, you're left on your own -- so this didn't bother me.  They did forget to add our drinks to the check, only to later discover that after we paid, but thankfully they didn't recharge us for the drinks.
All in all, I thought this place was decent and I would try it again.I've been here a couple times and it was okay. My mother, who is new to Philly, asked for me to suggest a place to eat and I chose here. I wish I hadn't. 
The service wasn't great. Our waitress gave us water with what looked like a gnat in it. My mother asked several times for fried rice and never got it. The tea tasted soapy -- not strong or anything, but very off. I felt so embarrassed to drag my mother here and can't see myself eating here again.With unfriendly staff and average tasting dishes, I'd rather go to other restaurants in chinatown. They have nice private party rooms, but songs aren't up to date.My family and I were enticed by the signage and statement about great bubble tea.
However the food was bland and although service was fast, the eel was cold and the duck was, we think microwaved. I have spent quite a bit of time in China and this was not even close. I did explain to our server that we preferred authentic Chinese Food, not American -Chinese food but alas it was very bad. Should have kept quiet.
I would have given a single star but the bubble tea I got for my daughter(she is a expert on bubble tea) was wonderful. 
Probably a good place for Karaoke and bubble tea but skip the food.My family and I went here last night with a couple of guests. We occupied a small room upstairs that was decorated well with carpeted walls, speakers, and a flat screen karaoke system. 
We ordered so much stuff that I can't even remember them all. The shark fin soup tasted kinda mehh at first but better with a healthy dose of red vinegar. The geoduck sashimi tasted good even though it was slightly more fishy than I would have liked. The lobster Cantonese style tasted juicy and flavorful and consistent with every restaurant I've been to. 
Now onto the disappointments . The first dish that arrived was the Roti. And boy was it disappointing in every aspect. First I expected something larger than the palm of my hand for 4$. Second the texture looked like a hotcake from IHOP than the fluffy Roti's I am used to. Lastly the Roti tasted like a weaksauce scallion pancake that I accidentally order from a Chinese store in the ghetto. The sauce also tasted like an instant curry mix with some lemon juice in it for some reason.  Sour curry sauce for my flat pancake Roti. If you are expecting something similar to Penang's, you are in for a surprise.
The curried fish balls I had ordered wasn't worth the $8 that was paid. The sauce tasted plain and was lacking impact. You would think an eight dollar dish called "curried fish balls" would have more than 10 fish balls and not be saturated with random vegetables that nobody really cares for. 
Overall the appetizers were quite disappointing, but other dishes were good and Rising Tide probably makes one of the best bubble teas in Philly Chinatown.I stopped in for a honey green tea with aloe, while my friend got milk green tea with boba. Most of the drinks are $3, with some being higher; way too expensive for me. I come from California and our boba averages $2, including some pretty complicated drinks. 
Service was very fast, considering that the place was packed. Drinks were very simple.This was one of my favorite places in Chinatown, hands down. They are open late, they're pretty cheap for a seafood restaurant, their drinks are super strong, and the food is amazing. The wait staff is VERY good, and they really know what their doing. The best part is how expansive the menu is.Oh! It's amazing how this place people are giving 5 stars, when the actual true is that they even deserve 1. THIS PLACE IS HORRIBLE. GOOD LUCK IF YOU GET WATER. Its funny how some people keep writing FAKE reviews to benefit them (I mean the Restaurant) but this is a real review and the service is BAD. I never had write a review but after the service I had on Friday, You guys have leave me with no choice.
I absolutely agree with one of the customer's reviews that i read early, she mention that you only get Good service if you bring a large group (20-30) and of course if the staff knows you. 
I also had a small wedding and i pick Rising Tide to have a nice intimate dinner with my family since they have private rooms. And guess what? When i got there they told me that the private room was occupied when i even make reservations a month ahead and i even call them to confirm. I should have just walk away but you know it was my BIG DAY and i was not let anything run it; but now i realize that they should have at least apologized or offer a discount but they did NOTHING :(
At least I will be renewing my wedding bows again and I will have a BIG WEDDING:) and I'm looking forward because I will be able to put all those horrible moments away(Rising Tide: private room was occupied even when I make the reservation myself a month ahead) 
DON'T FALL FOR ALL THOSE PRETTY REVIEWS THEY ARE JUST THERE TO DISTRACT YOU FROM THE REAL TRUE AND SPECIALLY THOSE THAT HAVE 5 STARS (BECAUSE IS HARD EVEN FOR UPSCALE RESTAURANTS TO EARN THAT, BE REALISTIC).  I WOULDNT EVEN TRUST THOSE THAT HAVE 4.
written by a loyal customer 
 THIS PLACE IS NOT WORTH IT AT ALL. NOT ANYMORE!!!Rising Bile is what you'll feel and experience.  The four members of our party agreed that we have never been treated with such open, relentless, causeless hostility by ANY service venue EVER.  Our waiter stood 2 feet from our table, pad and pen in  hand, glaring at us as we looked at the menu.  After a few minutes, while we were still clearly looking at the menu and discussing, he came over and barked "Ready to order?"  This was by no means anywhere near closing (it was prime time on a Saturday night), and there was no line of people waiting for seats--plenty of empty tables in the restaurant.  When we answered that no, actually, we weren't ready to order, he retreated to his two-feet away position and resumed glaring right at us. It took 15 minutes for him to bring a single drink from the bar, which was a few feet away from us and not at all busy.  The food was mediocre and two of us had violent stomach upset a few hours afterward.  There is much better food to be had in Chinatown, and for the same or cheaper prices--without the hostility (which, by the way, this waiter was dishing out at other tables too).  In economic times like these, you'd have to be insane to treat customers this way.  Steer clear!There's better food for lower price in Chinatown. 
I've ate here three times and didn't like any of the time. My first time was for a formal family dinner, which didn't quite work out. Our waiter was obviously new and spilled more soup on the table then in our bowls. My second time was at 1 in the morning on New Years Day. The wait was incredibly long, which was understandable given the crowd. However over an hour later, we are still waiting for two orders. There were no up-dates given so in the end, we just cancelled it and left. 
One major perks of Rising Tide is the fact that it closes late. However I would rather come here for the bar/bubble tea than for the food. Warning: Bar closes earlier than the restaurant.Ahhh Rising Tide. I love this place. I've been here so many times, especially late at night after the clubs are closed after 2am, that they practically know me and knows which drink I always order (Lychee/Aloe Vera drink). Even in the late hours of the night on the weekends, it's packed. Despite that, the food comes quickly, and it doesn't disappoint for the price. My personal favorites are their mayo shrimp, braised scallops in black pepper sauce, and the 1/2 peking duck (recommended for parties of 4 or more).2nd review I had to ever write, this place use to be a go to stop. I frequent china town often but as years went by I slowly stopped going here as a go to spot because there would always be something wrong. This will be the last time I eat here again. I ordered  take out of 4 dishes, fish maw and crab soup... this soup was flavorless almost like water also had no crab meat. It looked like they used shred egg to intimate tiny pieces if crabs. Salted fish fried rice was next, the only thing wrong was that the rice was that it was very saggy. For those who cook their own rice its like adding too much water to the rice and when its done cooking you get a water base rice. Next was the mayo shrimp...these had tone the littest shrimp on the market, definitely wasn't worth $15 for 8 of these. that was a disappointment if the last two already wasn't. Last thing was fried salted squid which didn't come out crispy like it should, could have been because it was closed up in a togo container which caused it to soak up. Could have done a better job....they should know how hot food thats suppose to be crisped gets when closed up. Fried rice was completely not edible. It was terrible. I would have rather spent 30 bucks at my chinese corner store than spend the 60 bucks here. I felt like this was a complete waste of money. If we had eatten inside the place I would have sent everything right back into the kitchen but since it was togo I feel strongly that they think they can get away with such things. Beware of stopping by here, check all your order and make sure they get it done right.....I have never dined here sober or before 1 AM, so this may not be the most useful review.  Every time I dine here, its always late night after going out to a bar/club and everything taste better when you're drunk.
I usually come here with a large group and we usually order the beef stew (braised beef and napa cabbage served in a clay pot), salt and pepper seafood, peking duck and sauteed snow pea leaf.  
Pros: Food arrives fast, they're open late and they serve alcohol
Cons: service could use some improvementLust: (Noun) Very strong sexual desire.
Lust: (Verb)Have a very strong sexual desire for someone or something
Lust - Synonyms:(noun)  desire - craving - longing - passion - concupiscence
Lust - Synonyms:(verb.)   crave - hanker - desire - yearn - covet - thirst - long
I lust for their hot pot. It is a mountain of pleasure the likes of which has never been seen before by a slave of hot pot style dining. It is a cruel mistress tantalizing you with her array of clams, oysters, squid, jumping shrimp, scallops, crabs, bass, beef, lamb, tofu, and so many things I know I ate but can't name because of the quivers of lust that I was suffering from while eating.
I would dip my seafood in a sweet succulent broth bath, both was aromatic and comfortable. But she would punish me for being a bad boy in her spicy hell broth, both burning and painful. 
The world disappears, everyone not within my lowered peripheral vision and 3 feet in front of me does not exist. I go near blind and deaf so that my sense of touch, taste, and smell is magnified. Then she would tease me, caress me, hurt me, and make me all hot and sweaty. Then as I finish, and my sight and sound comes back. I look back and realize I hadn't even made an impact, and that she had barely been touched. 
Then as I pay the 30 dollars for my visit, get dressed, stumble out in to the biting cold, I peer back through the window and see her laughing at me for my failure to finish her... I cry inside but will forever lust after this cruel mistress...sniff.Decent food, OK service. Not the best in chinatown, but not the worst either.Some of the places that are open on New Year's Day at 2AM are in Chinatown. It's become a tradition for me and my brother in law to drop the girls at the hotel room and make our religious trek to get grub. This year we got a bit late and realized that David's Mai Lai Wah was extra packed and they weren't taking any more orders. The restaurant across the street Jade Harbor kicked us out too stating that their kitchen was closed. Just as we were about to turn back in despair, we saw a glimmer of hope - the open sign flashing at Rising Tide. A few friends staying with us this year were vegetarian so we decided to stick to veggie fare. The food was good overall (everything tastes good after partying late into the night lol). The spring rolls were a tad too greasy. 
The hostess at the bubble tea/juice bar was friendly and we got lost in translation trying to communicate with her while we were waiting for our order. We learned to say happy new year in Cantonese from her by the time we left.We bee there a few time and thing with been ok.. however last night was just unbelievable.. we order the sizzling steak its tasted funny..like soap... so accommodate this the manager took the dish to the back to add flavor and gave us some BS excuse. Prior to this incident, when our soup came the waiter was banging the bowl and the spoon as he pour the soup into each the bowl as if he was in a bad mood.. right there the service have been bad.. what make it even WORST was that they got the nerve to ask for more TIP for their service! Unbelievable!Pretty decent place.  My buddy and I did some take out from here and were pleasantly surprised!
We had the Cold Jelly Fish (#003), the Sauteed Clam (asari or manila oval clams) in Hong Kong Style (#090), and the Lobster Special with noodles (not on menu).  Each were great, and there was a full lobster in the special.
Nothing was inexpensive, but the food was well worth the price if you ask me.  Give them a try!