Excellent place, the owner greets you and is very friendly. They give you so much food its incredible. The service was spot on. I recommend making a reservation because you might not get a tablewonderful atmosphere!!! comfortable, and BYOB fresh food, amazing service....after the boyfriend and i, brought a bottle of red wine, and could get the cork open, a nice family traded bottles with us, so we could! love love love!!!!!Absolutely amazing. I came here last Friday with my boyfriend and we had a reservation for 8:45. We were seated within a few minutes. The staff is truly made up of some of the kindest people you will ever meet. They brought us bread and roasted carrots, and also an appetizer on the house. All of these were delicious. It is also a BYOB which is great. The food and atmosphere were both amazing. We had the gnocchi with pesto, chicken parm, and nutella soufflé. Our waiter was always friendly and we were never left waiting for something.Amazing, beautiful and the staff was so nice and helpful. Love the family feel of this restaurant makes you feel like your at your grandmothers house for Sunday dinner! Can't wait to go backThis is EASILY the best italian food in Philadelphia. It is a wonderful experience eating here. The staff is AMAZING! Our server, Eric was so nice and accommodating. The special eggplant appetizer in the Rosa sauce was heavenly. I ordered the chicken piccata, and I ALWAYS get chicken piccata out.. this was the best I have ever had. The cheesecake and cappuccino was outstanding. I have never had such an enjoyable eating experience! Seriously wonderful. I will be back again!!!!!One of the best Italian restaurants I've been to period. Not only is the food absolutely delicious, but the service is just as good. The owner introduced herself and told us about the local favs. Being from NY I was a bit skeptical but truly impressed with the apps, entrees and dessert. Definitely would repeat any day of the week. Drinks were good as well. Will be stopping here any and every time I visit Philly!!!I was looking for authentic "South Philly Italian" food and I found it here!  I had this seafood pasta dish and unlike some places where they scrimp, these guys poured it on.  Plenty of seafood, very tasty and very friendly service.  I would return again.Absolutely amazing, I walked into this restaurant and was greeted by the owner. What an unbelievable experience! From the presentation to the food to the service everything was amazing. Made me feel at homeMy husband and I had dinner here last night (Tuesday).  Food was great, service friendly and prompt. Nice atmosphere.  They have bar service but you are allowed to bring your own wine  (which we did).  I had a special that was a Homemade fettuccini with seafood that was awesome.  Great find!One of the best meals we have had in a long
Time. Will definitely be back soon. Even my 8 year old loved it!I have been to a lot of great Italian restaurants in the city, over the bridge, and in other major cities. Ristorante Pesto, from appetizers to entrees, was the best Italian I've had. As a kid, my parents brought me to Philly for Italian so I know there are many great spots in the city, but this place is really good. Just like visiting a friend's home, Pesto serves a couple of free appetizers with bread...no one should ever leave hungry...and the portions are large. More importantly, the food is delicious and light. You will not feel weighed down. The staff is super friendly and the owner makes sure to greet everyone. Why wouldn't you want to come back?We came from all the way from Hawaii to Philadelphia and wanted Italian food for dinner. I can honestly say that this was probably one of the BEST places where I came to eat an authentic Italian cuisine. Everything from the service, food, and atmosphere was superb! Concetta was extremely friendly and welcomed us like family! She served us stuffed mushrooms portobello mushrooms with mozzarella cheese (delicious), a steak appetizer also filled with mozzarella cheese (good), and Tiramisu for dessert (delicious)
We had the Salad with raspberry vinaigrette that consisted of gorgonzola, beets, almonds, and pears (good). For our main courses, we had the Gnocchi with rosé Pesto sauce (good) and the Sea Food Pasta with crab, lobster, and shrimp in a mariana/cream sauce (excellent). We ate until we were stuffed, but every cent and bite was well worth it! I would ABSOLUTELY recommend this place to anyone looking for amazing customer service and and Italian food! I hope to be back one day! Thank you so much Concetta for your wonderful service! Aloha!After looking on Yelp for a good Italian place for my birthday dinner, I decided the reviews were too good to pass up the opportunity to eat here. As we drove by looking for parking, I was a bit hesitant because it appears to be a rather small place; however, upon entering the restaurant I realized my hesitations were misplaced. 
We were seated right away, and a kind young man offered us either tap or bottled water. My fiancee and I ordered drinks from the bar, and were served promptly. The owner came over, greeted us and made us feel very welcome. In addition to the traditional order of bread, we were given a delicious dish of carrots in a balsamic vinegar. The service was excellent, they had a wonderful special list in addition to the traditional menu. The gnocchi was as good as the reviews. The owner even gave us some bruchetta on the house. After our meal, since it was my birthday, they even sang to me with a piece of cake with a sparkler in it. Pesto's is a great place with delicious food, and a friendly atmosphere.What can I say but great, great, great !  This is my first YELP review for anything but I was so amazed with the level of service and the tantalizing execution of the meal that I had to write about my experience right away.  This was my wife's and I first visit to this restaurant after seeing a coupon on the Restaurant.com website.  It probably was the best coupon purchase I made in a long time.  Our night was met with complimentary bruschetta (Italian bread topped with a crushed tomato/garlic/onion spread), roasted red pepper, bread and cooked carrots in a balsamic glaze.  I'm not a cooked carrot fan usually but this offering flipped my taste buds.  Apps consisted of a terrific salad filled with cheese, nuts and fruit, and crab stuffed mushrooms in a blush sauce.  Simply amazing.  Our main course consisted of veal medallions in a mushroom "ragu" and squid ink pasta filled with seafood.  Both entrees used jumbo shrimp to highlight the meals which elevated the plates to a higher level.  We finished off our meal by splitting a wedge of the homemade ricotta cheesecake.  Simply devine.  PLEASE do yourself a favor and visit this establishment as soon as you can.  I know we will be back.Ristorante Pesto was a great experience from start to finish.  I had a reservation for a large party and called around to a few local b.y.os in the area. Far and away, Pesto was the nicest and most accommodating!  The service was incredible and food even better!  I'll be back for sure.After finally finding a parking spot, my husband and I decided to have dinner here. It was very busy Saturday night. It's best to have a reservation but we didn't know any better. The owner was charming and showed us great hospitality. The food was fantastic and large portions. It was a small space and it was quite noisy. We didn't mind that though. Our waitress was great as well. Kudos for being able to repeat all the specials to all her tables :) overall great experience. If we're in Philly again we will have to stop by!Huge portions here! The prices here reflect the quality but also the portions. It's BYO but they also have a bar for drinks/ wine. 
Everything we got was amazing, and a few extras they threw in for us
The staff is so nice, the woman owner was so friendly and welcoming
So many options from meat to seafood. The mixed seafood was towering in the bowl. We took leftovers and absolutely had no room for dessert ( wish we did tho!!!)Spending the weekend in Philly and wanted a place with real Italian food. Came here because of the reviews on Yelp.  The place is fantastic.  Concetta greeted us at the door like old friends. The staff were very friendly and their recommendations were great.  They brought over complimentary Bruschetta, mozzarella and red peppers and balsamic carrots.  The eggplant rollatini appetizer is a must-have.  We had two of the specials - Bronzino with mussels, clams and shrimp and homemade cavatelli with crab, lobster and shrimp in a rose sauce.  Both were amazing! We were stuffed but couldn't pass up the Nutella Chocolate Soufflé. Super!Good enough. Mine is crabmeat on veal with lemon sauce, pretty good, but I was so full, only can enjoy the first piece, there were three in my dish. But there are several special dishes don't appear on the menu, I don't like it.Beautiful restaurant, EXCELLENT service, free appetizers (yup, plural), and a specials list that will make you not want to open up your menu. The squid ink linguini, lump crab, mussels, clams, and shrimp in a white wine sauce with tomatoes is delicious. The portobello parmigiana appetizer in a rose sauce is perfect. Full bar, BYOWine, and a stacked dessert menu to top it all off.The food here was amazing! I came here for a birthday last night. The staff here is very friendly and will get you what you need very quick. I would highly recommend the chicken parmigiana with the rose sauce, it was delicious! For dessert, the Oreo ice cream cake was really good, no complaints about that. Location is very easy to get to, you would either have to park on the street or a nearby parking garage. I would definitely return back here!Hospitality and great food!  
I have never felt so welcome and appreciated at any restaurant as I have at Pesto.  I really felt as though I was at a large family gathering rather than a restaurant.  Concetta greeted my daughter and I, and brought us to our table.  She told us about the restaurant, and some of the dishes.  She checked on us several times, and was a constant presence in the dining area.  It was wonderful to see an owner so involved with the customers, and actively involved with the business.  Concetta's warmth is genuine, and what she brings to Pesto can't be taught.  
We had a fabulous eggplant appetizer.  My daughter, who has disliked eggplant anytime I have made it, loved it.  I had the special pasta with shrimp, lobster, and crab.  Amazing.  My daughter had a seafood pasta with clams, mussels, and shrimp. She loved it.  We each had plenty to bring home.  We couldn't get another bite in, so we ordered cannolis to go.
I can't wait to return to Pesto with the rest of my family.  It is well worth the hour drive from my house for this dining experience.Ate here for the first time due to high ratings in trip advisor and absolutely loved it! Loved the food loved the prices loved the staff and loved the atmosphere ! Loved everything including 3 appetizers, 2 entrees, 3 complimentary items, and 2 desserts! Floor manager is the best I've ever seen, personable but not pushy and smart enough to say just the right things, loved her too!!!Excellent food. Make you feel like family. Listen to their specials. We had the egg plant appetizer. Excellent. I had the veal and giant shrimp entree. So good. They were on the Rachel Ray show. Now I know why. Thank you.Completely do not understand the rave reviews for this restaurant. I would say it is average. The best thing was indeed the eggplant appetizer, which we didn't even order. They just brought it to us. Two of us had a baked pasta with meat sauce and cheese melted on top. This dish would have been really good but the pasta was way over cooked. Too bad. The others ordered shrimp and veal in wine sauce. The wine sauce was basically just wine so it was very runny and had no flavor other than wine. 
Shrimp and veal floating in wine. 
We were disappointed with our meal.We got there a few minutes late and the hostess was totally understandable. Food was amazing, ambience great, staff super friendly. Highly recommended.My wife surprised me for my birthday with this fantastic Italian neighborhod restaurant. There were so many choices on the menu and there were even more wonderful specials. I cant say enough from the Caeser salad to the the special limoncello desert. We came down from Yardley, only 1/2 hour, with parking on Broad across the street bring a few quarters if before 8:00. Plenty of open spaces. We will be back with family and friends. It's that kind of place.We went for a baptism celebration with a party of 16. I had been there before as two people but first time in a group. The service was absolutely the best. The appetizers and entrees were delicious. Everyone got something different and not one person was disappointed. One person didn't realize what dish she ordered and really didn't want it and they took it back and gave her another entree. No other place would do that. They served us quickly and correctly.  They always came back and asked if everything was ok and if we needed anything. They were pleasant and friendly and 10 stars to the chef. Carrots with balsamic? I don't even like carrots and I ate half the dish. Try the black linguini ... Out of this world! Shrimp with bacon recommended by the waitress was the best I ever had. Great place for a party or dinner for 2. And byob of wine.. Plus a bar! Totally recommend! Can't wait to try their wildwood place!A truly amazing experience. From start to finish. The owner is such an amazing woman. She was so friendly to us at our table. The food is amazing and very generous portions. I was in love with the ricotta cheesecake. WOWWe have been going to this place for many years now. The food has always been good. The service is phenomenal everyone is pleasant. I always like to try the specials. The braciole is fantastic the steak melts in your mouth. They also do a really nice job with the stuffed mushroom served with a blush sauce.  Every meal that my family has had here has been excellent.4 of us had are pre concert dinner tonight. I must say the owner and the staff couldn't have been nicer.  The owner stopped at our table five times.  Once to deliver a nice appetizer, and at the end of our meal to deliver a slice of cheese cake.  The other times to make sure that we were enjoying our meals.
Each dinner ordered was excellent.  Three fish dinners and mine veal.  I've read quite a few reviews about Pesto, and I would disagree with any of the negative reviews.  The dinners were fresh and cooked very well. 
I would recommend Pesto without hesitation!Anyplace willing to squeeze me in on a Saturday night is OK in my book!
First time coming here and will absolutely be back! Great, friendly service, nice atmosphere, endless specials, fabulous food and is a byob but also has a bar!
Get the eggplant rolletini, you won't regret it!if your looking for authentic Italian food, Pesto is the place to go! Food and service was phenominal, the end. Everything on the menu was awesome. I'd definitely go back, highly recommended. must have dish Gnoochi with gorgonzola sauce, mmm... gnoochi was fresh cooked to perfection.When we come back to our hometown Philly, we need to visit family and, even more importantly, South Philly for the food.
Ristorante Pesto takes you back to the days of classic Italian meals from classy corner restaurants. In a true Italian family way, you come in to the warmest welcome, great smells comes from the kitchen, and a nice glass of vino being poured.
Let's just say that if you live in the Philadelphia area and have not come in during the past 25 years that they have been right on Broad Street, what in the name of everything holy haven't you?
This isn't fancy-pants not-real-Italian gourmet food. The is high-end classic (and 'certified') Italian like your grandmother (I'm assuming everyone has an Italian grandmother, don't you?) made Sundays (and Mondays, and Tuesdays, and Wednesdays, and Thursdays, and Fridays - plus twice on Saturdays) that even once you are full you cannot stop tried just a little more.
We came in after a fun day in Center City reacquainting ourselves with the city, we were more than hungry and needed a real good meal. We started with the Burrata and prosciutto and the misto appetizer along with pasta fagoli for three of us.  Concetta  came out with a small taste of eggplant, spinach, and ricotta cheese in a rose sauce that we couldn't stop wiping the plate up with the crusty Italian bread.
For main entrees, the youngest likes her clams and while she's gotten used to Maine steamers, she dug right in to the little necks with the perfect garlic and wine sauce that she mopped up with the bread. The two older kids got chicken Parma and, a special for the night, shrimp, clams, mussels, and fish over squid ink linguine with a slightly spicy red sauce. Let's just say the plates didn't need cleaning afterward. 
My wife wanted gnocchi and the chicken piccatta, but knew better and shared the gnocchi with the entire table. The gnocchi were little pillows in a nicely seasoned rose sauce, not too creamy and not too spiced. Her chicken was thin and just the way it should be for an Italian dish. My wife said she could eat it every day.
My dish was the night's main fish special and one of my favorites to get at an Italian restaurant. Branzino is a true test of the skills of the chef to make it come out flakes and moist, and not over cooled and rubbery. Tonight it was spot on with a little crab and shrimp as stuffing. Done to perfection, the branzino was the best dish of the night, in my estimation.
So, if you can't guess by now, Ristorante Pesto is your home for that South Philly Italian dinner you've been searching for - even if you need to come 6 hours for it.I highly recommend Ristorante Pesto if you are looking for great Italian dining experience. Out in Philly by myself and decided to visit a restaurant, Ristorante Pesto, recommended by a co-worker for a good Italian meal. I had no reservation, but I would recommend having one. It is located on Broad Street but parking was fine on the nearby side streets.
General feel and Service: Top notch. As soon as I came in, the hostess sitting there was incredibly warm and welcoming. I had no reservation, so she directed to me grab a drink at the well-stocked bar, but it had no seats. As I was walked to my table, you could see Concetta, hostess, as she treated everyone like a family member and she was engaging, asking questions and was just so friendly. The whole time, I definitely felt like I was at a meal for a special Italian family gathering, people everywhere, food everywhere, laughter and talking everywhere. Every staff member was attentive and helpful. I think during the course of my meal, every staff member had check on me or assisted in some way. 
Food: Let me start with my only complaint of the night - too many choices. They had a wide selection of delicious food and as I watched it by to other tables it all looked very delicious.  So for my appetizer, I selected Bacon and Pastry wrapped Shrimp. Large shrimp and everything was perfectly cooked, pastry light and crispy. But before it was served, the bread and Carrots in Balsamic came out. Simply delicious. Then along with my ordered appetizer, Concetta sent me an order of roasted red peppers and mozzarella. Three appetizers and bread to start my meal, it was so good I ate it all. For my meal, I had the black ink linguini with shrimp, clams and mussels.  The seafood was fresh and the sauce was light and tasty. 
Overall: Everything was wonderful and I can't wait to go back.Went here tonight as a group of 18 for a birthday.  In short: the service was good (especially for such a large group) but the food was not.  
Every dish I tried was overcooked, underseasoned, and just subpar.  My mixed seafood grill was totally overdone.  All of the fish was dry and charred.  If it hadn't been for a birthday I likely would have sent it back.  It was just bad.  
And for a restaurant named "Pesto" their pesto should be good, no???  It was bland just like the other dishes.  
To top it off, the prices, while not high by "good" restaurant standards, were just too great.  This seemed like a place pretending to be better than it is.  Still, big props for handling a large group so well.Fabulous food, service and prices. Everything was excellent from the veal to the salmon to the pasta.  The greatest surprise was how low the prices were for this level of food.  Very casual. People in jackets to people in T-shirts. Loved this place!!!!I was really excited to come here after being told Pesto had the best Italian food in Philly.  When I arrived on Friday night, the restaurant was packed but we still stayed for the 45 minute wait bc we were curious.
They have tons of specials and the waiter rattles them off by heart when you first sit down.  It was overwhelming & I wish they printed them out or at least had it written down somewhere.  They sounded delicious but I couldn't really remember anything after the 10th one.
Their bread was delicious!  They also give you carrots in vinegar & oil which was unique & tasty.  For starters we had the calamari which was alright.  Our entrees were the penne primavera in rose sauce & the gnocchi w/ lobster, crab, & shrimp.  I didn't care much for the penne and my bf didn't really care much for the gnocchi.  I'm not sure if it was high expectations that made it seem lackluster or if it really was that lackluster.
Either way, Pesto has nice service but I was not blown away and I'm not eagerly waiting to come back for seconds.This was the best Italian food I have ever had in my life. I stopped by in the summer while I was on a day trip to Philly. The service was great and the food was delicious. The waitress made sure me and my friends were all taken care of. I was only in Philly for a day but boy they don't call this the city of brotherly love for nothing! Can't wait to go back!First time here. Very good food and service. If you are looking for a BYOB restaurant, it will be an excellent choice. Must come back again!I've come here once with a big group years ago before a show and had a wonderful experience. We decided to stop by just by chance with some old friends of ours that had never been here before and not only were we blown away for a 2nd time but they can't wait to go back as well! When you can impress with salad and portabello dishes you know it's the best! They snuck out party of 4 in last minute for a quick bite before the concert we attended. Service was SWIFT and hospitality was top notch thank you to our server Jenna and owner Concetta!Best Pesto and Grilled chicken that I have eaten in a very long time. The pesto was served on some thick toasted bread and it was beyond perfection. After, that I  had the grilled chicken breast and it was cooked just right- no bones and not dried out. 
Our server was knowledgeable, she literally knew the whole menu and gave us great advice on what to order and what went well with what.
The atmosphere here is very cool and laid back, great place to have a family dinner or celebration.What a fabulous hidden gem. I'm super fussy when it comes to restaurants ... My friend got us a gift card for Christmas, throughout the whole dinner I kept thinking .... Why did we wait to come here? We had a 6 o'clock reservations for 4, and were seated right away . 
Ordered 3 apps & 2 salads and honestly I could not even pick a favorite, they were all super fresh & super delicious. And the rosa sauce is probably the BEST I've ever had. And I've been to a lot of good Italian restaurants.  
The Bronzino was like no other, stuffed with all fresh seafood and piping hot. I brought most of it  home because the portions of everything we ordered at first were so large and filling we couldn't stop eating. 
Our server Jackie was friendly & efficient. Explained every one of their special and answered all of my questions. 
Connie who I believe is the owner was radiant and super friendly, as soon as we walked in the door. She hugged us and was so warm ... I almost thought I was in her personal home !  Just a beautiful family experience. 
You will thank me after your visit to this beautiful place. I love supporting family owned businesses and this is a place not to miss ! 
Thanks for a great night and AMAZING FOOD !Amazing! Delivery is even amazing! Food is outstanding! Pizazz pizza is to die for!
There sauce is on point. 
The eggplant parm is perfect! 
Capresi salad so fresh!!
The pinni Omg yummmmm!!! 
One thing.. the girl that answers the phone should really listen to the order and maybe sound a little happier only because i absolutely love this place, & i had repeated myself 4 times and I didn't  get what I asked for. I don't want this one little thing to ruin a great rep.
But,
 That don't take away the 10 stars I wish I could give them!I stumbled upon this place when I had actually meant to go next door to their pizzeria. I decided to stay and glad that I did. Though the service was a bit slow (they were busy when I arrived), the food more than made up for it. I enjoyed a caprese salad and the fettucine with prociutto which was excellent, with heavy notes of nutmeg. I also had a chance to try their eggplant (which is what they are known for) and found it to be the tastiest I've ever had. This place is very reasonable and has a lot of flavor, but be prepared to spend some time.I love this restaurant. The food was exceptional and the service was also top notch, including the owner who was very accomodating! My boyfriend and I shared the rack of lamb, eggplant and gnocchi- all of which were five star quality. This is a gem in South Philly and I will definitely be coming back.Exceeded our expectations in every way. Go early and parking is easy.I've heard so many locals rave about this place I had to try it out when an out of town friend came to visit. I was not at all impressed.
Plenty of better places around town.i am italian and i tried almost every italian restaurant in south philly and every time i say "why didnt we just go to pesto"Great place! We went this past Saturday night and loved every second. We had great service from the staff and owner. She made us feel right at home. They even gave us a few extra appetizers on the house. I love that you can bring your own wine. I left way satisfied and full. Great option for a local taste of Philly!Food was excellent. Serve was great. Everyone so friendly and accommodating!  We will definitely be back.I would give this place 10 stars if I could.. It has been my go to Italian BYOB for years so when my boyfriend was planning his work xmas dinner/party I knew Pesto would be perfect and let me tell you.. It was a HUGE hit!  We had about 20 people in a private room and every single dish was made to order and absolutely delicious. I don't think one person had a bad thing to say about this place.. please keep in mind half of our group were firemen ;) By the end of the night we were loud and probably wore out our welcome but the staff remained cool and just let us enjoy our night. This place is awesome!I went there for a family birthday party.  I had chicken marsala and spinach.  It was very good.  Staff was friendly and quick.While I am giving Pesto 4 stars, throughout my entire meal I couldn't help but picture the place on Ramsey's Kitchen Nightmares. There were so many things aesthetically wrong it was starting to drive me crazy. 
For starters- the hostess was wearing an Italian flag jacket, Italian flag necklace, sneakers and jeans. I didn't know she was the hostess I thought she was a patron. The waitstaff all had their shirts un-tucked which looked really sloppy. They waitstaff was extremely casual- which I found strange considering their prices. For 2 of us our meal came to $94. They recently also received a liquor license. We ordered a bottle of white wine. It arrived on our table 1/2 chilled and was not poured for us. I watched the bartender pour Diet Coke out of a 2 liter bottle into 3 glasses - this probably happens frequently, but it seemed really out of place to me. It was all very distracting. Service was also a little slow, but they were crowded so I can over look that. 
The reason I am giving 4 stars is because the food was very good. To begin they bring out bread and carrots. That seemed strange to me as well, until I tasted them- wow - who would have thought that carrots in balsamic vinegar with some garlic could taste so good?! 
We shared the roasted peppers and mozzarella, and my only complaint there is the pepper to mozzarella ratio- way too many peppers and way too little mozzarella, but still tasted wonderful. 
I had the Chicken Zingara- which was really good, and appropriately portioned. My husband had the chicken parm- which came in a creamy tomato sauce- and was very tasty! 
Overall, the place is completely worth a trip for the food, but there could be considerable improvements.My husband and I ate here for Valentine's Day last year. We came here because it was a top rated Philadelphia Italian restaurant with homemade pasta. 
You feel like you're part of the family here, the owner Concetta is constantly around greeting everyone and making sure your meal is perfect. They offer complimentary glazed carrots and eggplant rollatini with your meal. The eggplant was very good, we wanted more. My husband ate it even though he's allergic to tomatoes, so he must have thought it was very good as well. 
I was debating on which entree to get and decided to go with their famous cavatelli pasta with crab, shrimp and lobster that was featured on the Rachael Ray show and won the pasta showdown competition. You can definately taste that it's homemade pasta and tomato sauce, it was very good. I just wished there was a little more seafood in it. The crab was shredded very fine and you could barely see it and there was hardly any lobster or shrimp as well. The shredded crab gave it an overall fishy taste to it rather than a crab taste. The portion was large so I ended up taking a lot home, but it was all pasta and no seafood left so it was kind of a bummer. 
We ordered the tiramisu for dessert which was good, but not the best I had. They put it in a souffle cup instead of just on a plate. After dessert my husband and I got up to take some pictures out by the front entrance. When we came back to our table my drink was gone. Our waitress apologized and told the bartender to replace my drink but it took ahwile before I got it. 
Overall it was a very good authentic Italian meal. I would maybe like to go back sometime to try some of their other pastas. I think I have learned that it's not always best to get a restaurant's "famous" or most popular dish. I should have just went with my instinct and got the other pasta that I wanted.This is the best Italian restaurant that I have visited in Philly so far. The food tastes like home-made and the service is amazing. I will totally come back to get more pasta. Even the carrots they give as appetizers ate good.My whole family can't say enough good things about Pesto!  We've been to just about every hole in the wall Italian restaurant in Philly and this has become our favorite.  You feel as if you are greeted by family when you walk in, and are spoiled by both the staff's attentiveness and the extra food they bring to your table to try.  The atmosphere is warm and bustling, and it's difficult not to feel at home.  The food is delicious and I would highly recommend the Squid Ink Pasta and the Eggplant Rollatini.  Can't wait to go back!Stumbled upon this place when I was craving Italian food. From a suggestion by a friend, went ahead and decided to try this place out.
Originally, I called in and there were no open tables. Promptly got a call 5 minutes later from the hostess with a table [seriously, what luck.]. We came in and we were treated so well. 
The food was absolutely delicious and we can see why so many people are in love with this restaurant! Definitely suggest getting the crab salad and eggplant appetizers (they're not on the menu but the gracious waiters will tell you all the amazing specials at your table). We also ordered the gnocchi in rose sauce & the special pasta (can't remember the name but it had shrimp, lobster and crab?). Everything was cooked amazingly and flavored perfectly. 
As if that wasn't enough, the owner (I'm guessing) came by our table and gave us complimentary bruschetta AND the ricotta cheesecake. Again, delicious. We were absolutely stuffed to the brim.
But needless to say, we will definitely be coming back. 
note: you definitely need a reservation! But you could be lucky and get a call back within the day.I had a great vibe from the moment I booked this restaurant! The staff was so personable, friendly and most important the food was excellent!  I found this restaurant just by reading the reviews as we were planning a night in Philly and I couldn't agree more with the positive feedback. We were greeted by the owners and the level of service was excellent. Highly recommended. A great location if you have an event at the Wells Fargo center and looking for a place to dine first. Enjoy!I've now been here twice and both times were amazing.
They always give a few complimentary appetizers to the tables which is unexpected but a nice touch to their service.
Always very welcoming - great service!
No corkage fee.
A lot of specials to choose from.
Pesto gnocchi is fabulous.
Creme' brulee is probably the best I've ever had in my life!
Love this spot :)If you're in the mood for REAL Italian food, Pesto it is. Hands down the best Italian resturant, everything is so delicious. Not only is the food amazing, but the owners are so kind. They are always so accommodating and their great people. You can't beat great food and kind people, make Pest your next stop.I'm being completely honest and serious when I say that this was hands-down the best Italian meal I've EVER had in my life. I'm still drooling over the memory of their food. Can someone please maybe take me back here so I can relive that gastronomically amazing night?
To elaborate, I went here on a friend-date with someone who has been coming to Pesto for years. He knows the family, knows the menu, and as such I basically told him to order for me. He told me that as delicious as the regular menu is, the specials are what you should order from because there are seriously like 10-12 additional items (that every sever has memorized, which is pretty impressive). So we went with cheese and something else stuffed eggplant in a blush sauce, crab-stuffed something in a blush sauce, and we were sent out a complimentary plate of clams casino. Each dish was absolutely delectable. The eggplant thing was so savory but not that heavy for being in such a rich sauce. The crab was cooked perfectly and I wish I could remember what else was in it the dish but I'm writing this like 3 weeks after the meal so oops, my bad. For my entree, I ordered cavatelli in a blush sauce with lobster, shrimp, and crab meat. This literally was the best food I've ever put into my body. The pasta was cooked perfectly, as was the seafood, and I swear the blush sauce that they use is made by angels and sent down from heaven in a golden pot because I've never had a sauce that good. I could only eat half of my meal, which was a good thing because I had some killer left overs. 
The place itself is exactly what you'd expect in terms of a South Philly Italian restaurant. Full of people who have been coming to this place for years which gives it a really home-y feel. The service was impeccable and the owners really took interest in how the meal was. All in all, this is basically my new favorite Italian restaurant in the whole world.
Note: It's BYO for wine but they do have a beer and liquor license.Ristorante Pesto was a wonderful experience from the time I called to say our large party (on a Friday night) would be late to their expediency in processing our complicated payment, including multiple cards and cash.  
The food was excellent, especially the balsamic carrots!  Knowing it was our first time, the hostess (and I believe owner) sent out a free sample dish of roasted peppers, mozzarella, etc.  The staff was enthusiastic and detailed in explaining the specials and answering questions about dinner and dessert choices.  
Great experience and will recommend to friends and family looking for a cozy, warm, reasonably priced Italian meal.Found this place by searching the Internet. This was a birthday dinner for my mother on a Saturday night. The hostess was very nice, the staff is friendly and well trained. Our server was able to recite many specials without skipping a beat!
Actual meals were large in size so we got to take a lot home and enjoyed them the next day.
Overall, very nice experience and I would recommend this place to everyone.So fantastic that I had to write my first review!! As an out-of-towner, I wanted to try a restaurant that I can't find back home.  After reading some great reviews, I called to make a reservation for dinner and the great service stated then. Very friendly! When we got there and told them we were from out of town, they gave us 5 star service! Our waitress rattled off all of the specials (and there were a lot), with ease!  The bears and carrot chips to start were great! Then we got the eggplant appetizer on the house! All the meals we amazing. I got the pesto gnocchi, which was the best gnocchi I've had outside of Italy. We were checked on multiple times by Concetta (the owner), which after being completely stuffed she brought us the ricotta cheesecake (she said we can't leave without trying it) and we finished it. So great!! Make sure you are hungry!!My wife and I held our wedding rehearsal dinner here this past Thursday evening. We have nothing but positive superlatives to share about this venue. 
The service was authentic and genuine. This is a family owned restaurant and the staff embraces the family-centric paradigm through all interaction with patrons. Kind, caring and attentive are a few words to describe these folks. 
The atmosphere, again, was authentic and genuine. Patrons experience a true Italian sit down dinner. The ambience is mild and the decor is appropriate. It's themed with meek and pure representations of Italian life. 
The food. Wow. Where to begin? Fairly priced. Generous portion sizes. Taste to perfection. 
We were initially served with delicious, warm, homemade bread (choice of oil and/or butter). Following which we received large platters of marinated carrots, peppers, mozzarella balls and salad.  
Our entrees were delivered - most of our guests opted for the chicken parm, which I personally loved. I highly recommend the dish. It is served with some vegetables and potatoes, too.
The restaurant is a BYOB so you can freely bring your favorite wines and spirits to enjoy during dinner.This place is the best Italian Restaurant in South Philly.  I don't think much more needs to be said.This was by far one of the best meals I've had in a while. My boyfriend Kevin and I came here for Valentine's weekend after trying multiple times to get a reservation with no success - and now I know why. 
We came equipped with a bottle of red, since they are BYOB. Each meal starts with complimentary bread and roasted carrots which were both delicious. As an appetizer we ordered one of the special salads which had poached pear, candied walnuts, and Gorgonzola. They also brought us a complimentary eggplant ricotta pasta, which was incredible and so nice to get a free taste! At this point in the meal, I told Kevin that they could mess up the rest of the meal and I would still leave happy. 
But, they didn't mess up. For entrees, I ordered the pesto gnocchi and Kevin ordered a special with a red sauce shrimp crab meat and lobster - I forget the name of the dish. The gnocchi tasted like fresh pillowy goodness, although I didn't LOVE the pesto, and maybe will try a different sauce next time. Kevin's was delicious with lots of seafood and fresh tasting pasta. 
Finally, we shared banana cream pie for dessert, which was also great. 
My only complaint is that I was in a food coma that continued into the next day. That being said, why eat anything again after having such a delicious meal?!
Side note - I loved that I saw the owners wandering throughout the restaurant, and the service was also amazing. Such nice and attentive servers!Another great meal and great time at this wonderful restaurant. From the lovely and personable owner to each of the staff they never fail to make dining here a memorable experience. My rack of lamb was the best I've ever enjoyed,  and my dinner companions all enjoyed their meals. Highly recommend every one dine here.a gem of a restaurant, the whole experience from making the reservation, to the Nutella soufflé. when you se the patrons kissing the waitresses goodbye, you know you've  found a so philly gem. Go meet Concetta, let her feed you. you can spend more, in a fancier Italian restáurant, but you can't eat better than this,Oh my goodness!  So many flavors and so unexpected!  Concetta was completely booked and hooked us up with a reservation!  Thank God!  She fed our belly with the most delicious food. Some eggplant rolantini from the chef too. 
The prosciutto and mozzarella salad was on special for the night. My husband was so happy as these are his two favs and was served beyond expectations.  Deliciouso!
Thanks for Jenna for a magical experience!  What amazing service!
I almost want to write a bad review so I can keep this gem  for myself!!!!A south Philly delight!  Good Italian in this city is easy to come by,  but delicious Italian and genuine service take this place up a notch.  We were welcomed as if old friends,  and the dinner was absolutely delicious.  The owner greets every single customer and makes her rounds to ensure that each table feels at home.  Our meal was so darn good!   Started with clams casino and then tried the pumpkin gnocchi special, which was a treat for your tastebuds and perfect for the fall season.  Came with our two children and even our little ones got special treatment too.  Can not wait to come back and try some other entrees!This is the BEST Italian meal I have had in ages. I used to like in the "Burg" (Chambersburg) section of Trenton when it was dotted with Italian restaurants, and have been craving authentic Italian food ever since I moved away.  
In addition to a fabulous menu, Pesto's list of specials was very tempting... everything sounded delicious! The food was exceptional, the service amazing, and everyone in the restaurant were enjoying their night out. Although this was my first visit, they made me feel like family. I will definitely return to try something more, and hopefully will have room for either dessert or a nightcap!Perhaps one of the best restaurants I have found in the world. Unbelievable culinary experience. Whether it is a date, impressing a business client, or showing a loved one you care this is the place.  The owner always greets you, makes you feel at home and you never want to leave.My boyfriend picked this place for us for valentine's dinner after a friend suggested it. Everything was wonderful. The carrots in balsamic are really yummy! To start, we had mussels in white, stuffed portabella mushrooms that were on special, and the chef sent over a complimentary eggplant appetizer that was out of this world delicious. We were completely stuffed after the apps but we managed a few bites of our entrees... chicken fiorentina and a pasta dish with shrimp and lobster. Both were amazing! The staff couldn't have been friendlier or more knowledgeable. We'll definitely visit again!Hands down best Italian food I've had.  Service is amazing!
The anti pasta appetizer was outstanding.   Must say walking in tonight to packed restaurant and owner/host she was so nice to our group and was able to accommodate our group quicklyMy favorite BYO hands down!  Love the service.  I always start with the braciolle.  But the kitchen sent out an extra eggplant parm app.  Delicious!  My favorite dish in the world, the veal mara monte!  What can I say, my favorite in the world.  Desert and espresso are also top notch.Absolutely loved this little gem! 
To start they put fresh bread and this carrot appetizer. Wow, Roasted carrots tossed in a vinaigrette with fresh garlic. YUM
Jackie my server was SOO helpful, knowledgeable and kind. The food was amazing. I ordered a chicken artichoke mozzarella dish and she brought me out an order of the Eggplant Rollatini ( I think that's what it's called). On the house as an appetizer.OMG!!! The best thing ever! 
As I get ready for my check I ask her to get me HER favorite dessert Togo, to just surprise me. So she brings me this Italian Homemade Cheesecake and says "don't worry about it... it's on me" omg I have fallen in love with this place! 
It a small house so it's cozy and you hear everyone's conversations. But it feels like I'm sitting in someone's Grandma's house.Our favorite restaurant ,Concetta showed us her beautiful granddaughter tonight!  The food from the appetizers all the way thru dessert was the best. It always feels like family here!  Very pleased with all the entrees and for the wonderful hostess.  You will not go home hungry.
Joe and KathyExcellent restaurant! I do not care for eggplant, but there appetizer was amazing! At first I thought there was too much gravy with it...but the gravy was spectacular! Will always get this now.
Had the stuffed Veal Chop...excellent.
What made an impression on me was that they have a full bar but allow BYOB wine. A big PLUS for them on that.
Lemon cake desert was home made an also excellent. Will be back...soon!