Actually, this is a 4.5 star review. My wife Karin and I have enjoyed our meals here, one lunch and two dinners. Aroma is a wonderful byob restaurant. The two chefs, Tony (also one of the owners) and Antonio (from Puglia) know how to cook. They make their pasta, bake the bread (which is delicious) and create some wonderful dishes. The other owner is Susan, a charming hostess.
Ambiance/decor: small place, maybe 36 seats; cozy; not very loud but we were not here on the w/end nights.
Service: Susan interacts well with diners and is hospitable and welcoming. The servers on two occasions were efficient and pleasant. At one dinner, our server was difficult to understand as he rattled off the specials. Glad Susan asked if we wanted to hear the specials again. That night, which was a bit busy, I had to ask a few times to remove the flutes and the empty Prosecco bottle. Minor point but the entire staff should pick up the unwanted plates/glasses at any time.
Food: The most important part of any restaurant is the food and it shines here. Ingredients are fresh, pastas made in house. On two occasions, we tasted many of the pasta dishes, and at the last meal we had a seafood dinner. Can't go wrong either way.
The pasta dishes are large enough for a hearty eater or for sharing. The chefs apparently like to fold some pasta dishes into a ball and when you uncover the layers you will find some very tasty nibbles. Two standouts were: coffaneto di pasta alla Pugliese and fettuccine napoletana. Plenty of wonderful flavors. The tortelloni al tartufo was a dish with loosely folded pasta sheets stuffed with ricott and, truffles in a mushroom cream sauce with truffle oil. Wonderful. I would have preferred a thinner pasta sheet and more salt in the pasta water. One app, the paccherialla napoletana had a tasty filling but when you cut it in half the stuffing bursts out of the pasta, defeating the purpose.
 The marscapone gnocchi in gorgonzola or lobster, tomato cream sauce are absolutely delicious. The potato gnocchi in the bolognese sauce is just okay. Our friend had the vitello milanese and raved about it. 
Our seafood dinner was simply prepared but very tasty. We had the cockles special in a cherry tomato and garlic butter sauce. The lobster app was fresh, simple, tasty with red onions and cherry tomatoes served chilled. The entree special was the Dover sole in a lemon, olive oil and garlic sauce. We enjoyed the fregola pasta and spinach with the entree. Simple yet very satisfying.
This is a wonderful neighborhood place but is also a destination dining spot.I would highly recommend this quaint little BYOB. It's a hidden gem in Washington Square. Cioppino was excellent!We loved our evening at Restauranto Aroma in Philly!! The dining room is beautiful and tastefully decorated. Ronnie, our waiter, was so personable! The food was excellent! Loved everything! Highly recommend the lamb chops! The risotto was also excellent. 
And best of all, it was BYOB!I went for their brunch over the weekend. I always walked past this restaurant and wanted to try it. The brunch menu isn't extensive, but it includes all the good staples that you would need to choose from. I went with the frittata and was pleasantly surprised. The portion was good, instead of a slice it comes out in a personal pan. One person I was with got the steak and eggs and it was a good portion and they said it was good. A couple of other people got the italian crepe and said it was fantastic. 
There was no one else in the restaurant other than the group I was with, so that may have lead to why the waiter was so great and attentive. The BYO aspect was great for brunch and because we were a big group. I will definitely come back to try their dinner!A brand new Italian BYOB in a charming setting on Pine. After an excellent dinner earlier this week, I decided to go back to treat myself to lunch as a reward for finishing up some dreaded chores. The decor was calming, the service cheery and attentive and the gnocchi were light-as-air, with an appropriately decadent lobster sauce. Already thinking about what I'll order next timeCame here with a small group for a Bachelorette dinner. Everyone's meal was INCREDIBLE! The staff was nice and came to check on us frequently without being intrusive. Will 100% return in the future!My first time here last night, Farm and Fisherman was one of my favorite restaurants in the city, so I was hoping for a good replacement, and got it.
Dinner was fanatastic. We were a party of 11 for my Grandmas 90th bday. The service was outstanding. The food outstanding as well. Everyone loved their dinners. The grilled octopus appetizer absolutely incredible. I had the Chilean sea bass, cooked perfectly, fantastic flavor. I tried some of my wife's pasta, delicious.
To top it off they made a tiramisu cake for my grandma. An entire cake. Best tiramisu I've ever had, not even close.
We will definitely be regulars here!This new restaurant set up shop in the old Farm and the Fisherman space.  What a great addition to the neighborhood!
It serves delicious Italian food. The octopus appetizer in particular was truly exceptional: tender and delicious with a bit of char, and the nicest portion of octopus that I have had in a restaurant in Philly. It was more like what you would actually be served in Italy or Spain or Portugal. The veal was excellent, as was the salmon that my dinner companions had. All dishes that our group of four had were solid and many were outstanding - and it is a bit more inventive them the standard Italian BYOB fare
It is a comfortable and pleasant environment, small and cozy but it doesn't feel crowded or claustrophobic. The owners are welcoming and friendly make you feel like you were having dinner in their home. The wait staff was excellent.
Addendum:
I've been here 5 or 6 times now and the food and quality are consistently excellent. The prices have gone up a fair bit since they opened. In my original review I said it was a great value for the quality of the food. I'd say now that it's excellent food with commensurate prices - though no longer what I'd consider an "ordinary" nice evening out dinner and more of a special event place.Just had an Italian experience. We ordered all lunch appetizers. All of which were delicious. Most really enjoyed the eggplant (I don't eat eggplant) and I enjoyed the buffalo mozzarella wrapped in red roasted peppers. My meal was the breaded veal. Veal was tender and juicy topped with arugula, onions and tomatoes. Very tasty dish. My other favorite was the pasta with pumpkin (sorry I cannot remember the name of the dish). My BF had the gnocchi with lobster (I'm allergic so I didn't try) everyone raved about the gnocchi which was irritating because I couldn't eat it. Lol. Had an assortment of dessert: chocolate lava cake, chocolate covered cannoli, tiramisu with liquor soaked cantaloupe, chocolate and strawberry gelato! I loved all the desserts! Can't go wrong with any of them especially the lava cake and strawberry gelato.  Please go and enjoy. Chef Tony was a pleasure to take too and will definitely treat you well. Super sweet man and makes your experience more enjoyable.I have now been here three times for dinner. The restaurant itself is nice, small but modern decor and they manage to maximize the space. 
The first time I came here for a friend's bday with a group of 10 or so and everything was great. The lobster gnocchi was out of this world and the reason I have returned back two additional times. However, I have to say the next two times the food was good but not great. The bread served in the beginning was cold and nothing great for dipping. Two of the pasta dishes we ordered came out a bit cold. The lobster gnochhi has continued to be excellent every time, and I will go back again for this dish, just was expecting a little more.
BYO which is always a plus though!My wife and I moved to Philly two years ago and love exploring the city and the restaurants.  This is a hidden gem!!  We walked in on a Friday, not realizing it was a BYOB.  No worries, we were offered a complimentary glass of red, courtesy of another guest.  All of the food was nothing less than excellent.  We both started with special salads (Hers: mozzarella, cucumber with fig jam, and arugula drizzled with balsamic vinegar.  His: stuffed artichoke hearts drenched in an indescribable, warm sauce).  Our mains included the special Branzino fish prepared in encrusted salt (brought to our table before its ultimate plating), and the Homemade mascarpone gnocchi sautéed with lobster, finished with a touch of tomato and cream.  If this is any indication of the rest of the extensive menu featuring HOMEMADE pastas and dishes, everyone is in for a terrific experience.  Priced just right with a very professional, knowledgeable staff.  Take this in and, oh by the way, save room for dessert and coffee.  Beautiful presentation, succulent, and just a nice finish to an overall wonderful experience. We will take friends and family there every chance we get.Came back to Aroma for the third time and it never ceases to amaze.  Food is heavenly and staff could not be betterDecor was nice...attentive servers...homey feel. Food was decent too, but extremely overpriced. I got the lobster gnocchi, but there was only one piece of lobster on the plate. Gnocchi itself was good but for $28 I expect some actual lobster.Ristorante Aroma is a pretty small restaurant in washington square west. I arrived there on a saturday evening with a group of 7. I did call ahead for reservations for the large group
The decor inside is pretty nice, and you can sense that this is an 'upscale' place given the decorations and the types of people eating there. It is overall a little bit cramped - not much room to move with servers and other patrons. While it wasn't completely full when we got there, it got filled up entirely by the time we left.
The bread came out first. It was decent. I wasn't sure what kind of bread it was, but it was that softer more crumbly bread that went with some eggplant/garlic condiment. It was a great way to start the dinner.
We also got appetizers. The first appetizer was the calamari, which was excellent ($18). Usually you expect something fried and crispy but the calamari here was not. The pieces were large, tender, and juicy, and had a great grilled taste. The olives and capers on the plate complimented the dish very well. The other dish was the caprese - it was good, but not sure that this thing should cost $17, which is the common theme to ristorante Aroma.
The pasta I got was the rossetti aroma ($26). Basically it's kind of like rolled lasagna but very crispy. It was served in a creamy orange sauce which I liked a lot. Usually these sauces can be too overpowering in terms of saltiness and buttery-ness but this sauce did not. I enjoyed the texture and ingredients inside, but felt like it was a little too "conventional" for the price. I expected a little bit more meat inside as I did not taste any of the prosciutto very much. Also, the portion size was a little small (see photos) with only 5 pieces of this pasta. I did notice the plate was extremely hot, which was a good sign. They keep the plates hot so the food remains hot as you are eating it.
Aside from my food, everyone did seem to like their food too. But the common complaint - way too little food for prices that don't justify it. Everyone in our party finished all the food with no leftovers and I think some people were still a little hungry. After tax and tip, the average cost per head was $39! Not great to spend that much and not be entirely full.
Finally the service: It was good and I have no comment about it.
Final rating: 4 Stars. Great quality italian food but price and portion size is probably too high for me to come back here again.This was one of the best BYO experiences I've had in Philadelphia. The restaurant itself was charming and quaint. I was with a large party of 15 and we called ahead for reservations which was necessary given the small space. The service surpassed my expectations! The staff payed close attention to detail, were very efficient, and it was evident they felt proud of where they worked. The food came out in a timely fashion which was fantastic given our groups size. It was evident the chef put effort and love into each plate that came out of the kitchen. The plating was elegant the the food itself absolutely delightful. The owner even came to our tables and ensured we were satisfied with our experience. I will be returning again and again to try new menu items.  Don't miss out on this local gem!Bad atmosphere, tiny space, and horrible music. The food is okay but not that great. For what they're charging, I would at least expect good food. What a waste of a meal, time, and money. Go elsewhere. Really.When entering the restaurant, the first thing we could smell was truffle oil - so delicious!  The atmosphere was cozy and very nicely decorated.  We sat by the window and it was such a pretty view of Pine Street.  Our waiter was excellent - he answered our many questions thoroughly and without hesitation.  And the food.... oh, it was amazing!  All the pastas are homemade which is always a win in my book.  One of us ordered the gnocchi - although larger in size than we're used to, they still melted in our mouths.  I ordered the fettucine pugliese and every bite was divine.  Our favorite choice from the menu was the caramelle ai fiori di zucca - the flavors were so nicely balanced - I know I need to order that when I return.  Without a doubt, this has been one of the best restaurants I have visited in the last few years.Delicious BYO Italian on Pine Street. Our reservation was honored promptly and we enjoyed the redo from the former tenant. Tablecloths and good service. Wine was poured and good bread with some marinated chick peas were served. They only had 1 octopus app left so we grabbed that (highly recommended) and tried a few other apps including grilled romaine (nothing great) and a chilled lobster salad with tomatoes, onions, and olives that was light and perfect for a warm evening. All entrees were a hit and included black fettuccini with lump crabmeat and grilled shrimp in a white wine sauce served in a cheese pocket (very creative and great flavors), dover sole (a fish special that night), seafood risotto, and some others. Only complaint is the noise level (it's VERY loud when they are full) makes it difficult to have a conversation without yelling. Some fabric or acoustic tiles could easily address this issue.
BYO with no corkage fee is a big plus. Prices are reasonable for the quality and atmosphere. Credit cards accepted. If you're not walking, it's street parking or find a lot.Amazing food, even better service. The pasta we had was perfect. Average prices for a place like this. Expect at least $25 a person, but it's BYOB and very filling. Our waiter, Devon, was very knowledgable about the dishes, and was able to give us recommendations. The truffle tortellini was a special and it was delicious. Would definitely recommend!The food was phenomenal. The service was personal.
It was a cozy, romantic evening dinning here. We came on a Saturday evening. 
I really need to recommend the COFANETTO DI PASTA ALLA PUGLIESE - read the description. Need I say more?
I do not repeat my culinary adventures often, however, I will be back here.Ristorante Aroma is in a nice area of Philadelphia surrounded by many other restaurants, bars and clubs.
We went on a Monday night, despite YELP & Google saying it was closed on Mondays (it seems it's only closed on Monday's between Memorial Day and Labor Day)
With that said, the restaurant wasn't very crowded when we there, serving my wife, me and another couple. 
It's not a big place, but nicely decorated and the size adds to its charm. 
Ristorante Aroma is BYOB, which is always a plus. 
My wife and I started with Caprese and Calamari appetizers. They weren't bad by any means, but not extraordinary. 
I read online about a variety of gnocchi dishes which appealed to me. They also had a Crab Fettuccine special in addition to a Veal special and Branzino special. 
I got the Lobster gnocchi ($28) which was outstanding. I was nervous about the size, but it was surprisingly filling. My wife got the Crab Fettuccine special ($28) which was equally as good. 
The entrées were nice size which left us room for some dessert. We got a Tiramisu and and an Expresso brownie with Gelato. Both were really really good. A good way to end the meal. 
We didn't get salads, but for 2 apps, 2 entrées and 2 desserts, the bill was more than reasonable. Another positive. 
Overall it was a great meal at a great price in a great location.This is a really quaint and authentic Italian BYO restaurant! We came here for my friends birthday and we were served by Giulio. He was incredibly personable and exactly the type of waiter you would want to have! I had the gnocchi Bolognese and it was absolutely delicious and fresh. Would definitely go back and try other dishes!Absolutely one of the best!  Owner , chef Tony is unbelievable. from the food to the service.  all the pasta is homemade and fabulous! this will be my go to BYOB.I cannot believe we have not tried this restaurant before tonight. The four of us had one of the best meals we have had in a year. The food is phenomenal as is the service and the aesthetics of the restaurant are very nice and comfortable. We had a diverse range of apps and entrees, all were delicious and very, very fresh. The octopus and salads, etc. were great and the chops, gnocchi and chicken were superior. The deserts were also great and again the service was a good as the menu and food. We will definitely be back and soon. We were all extremely happy with Aroma.I wanted to love this place because it's super cute and has great reviews but the experience was very disappointing. Awful, rude service. I've never experienced such a rude waiter. And just mediocre pasta. (Artichoke appetizer was actually very good.) Skip this place if you can. A ton of other Italian BYO options, some even nearby.Fabulous meal! We started with the grilled calamari/arugula salad , outstanding! The lobster gnocchi and veal special did not disappoint! Great ambiance-we will return!"Ah, distinctly I remember it was in the bleak December..."
And then I entered this warm, cozy, storefront restaurant which quickly took my mind off of the elements outside and started a wonderful evening of tastes and textures.
I must say that service was perfect, everyone participated in making sure we were spoiled...I love to be spoiled, it's been years.  Ahhh, I digress, sorry.  The menu was explained in as much detail as you would need, but if you had questions the server (or even the owner who walked around and helped all evening) would answer with fervor.
We started by splitting an app and a pasta.  The grilled octopus was amazing, charred, tender, flavorful, atop a ceci bean puree with fennel seeds and thyme, finished with olive oil and lemon.  The flavor of the char was not overtaken by the surroundings.  It was simply delicious.  
The Caramelle we split was just perfect.  In-house made flat pasta wrapped into a knot, stuffed with not too much prosciutto and ricotta, with some pumpkin dice and a marsala wine sauce which, again, did not overwhelm the flavors of the Caramelle.
For an entree I had to have the pork shank osso bucco sitting among chestnuts and coated with a mild and not too rich demiglace.  The pork melted in your mouth and was pleasantly moist, fall-off-the-bone tender, and it did...fall off the bone that is.  My friend, who in her own right is pleasing to all of the senses  ;-) , had the Vitello Abbruzzese with delicate medallions of veal rolled around a spinach/prosciutto/mozzarella mixture.  I tasted it, twice, and it was divine.
We were treated to a little lemoncello to sip while we were tempted with the dessert offerings.  We were stuffed, but settled on a little chocolate hazelnut gelati..with two spoons of course.  It was lovely, as well as the whole dining experience.  
Yep, give it 5 stars and enjoy!Such a delicious meal with wonderful staff. The pasta is all made in house and is wonderful. I would recommend he pillow pastas the most - ravioli, anything stuffed. And the gnocchi - so so good. The grilled octopus is amazing. And it's BYOB!I've been here 5 or 6 times now since my original review and I can say that the food and quality are consistently excellent. The prices have gone up quite a bit since they opened. So while I originally said that it was an excellent value, I would now say that it has excellent food with commensurate prices. I wouldn't consider it an "ordinary evening out" restaurant now for that reason, but more of a "special occasion" placeI live in the neighborhood and was happy to see this restaurant open. Sadly, was moderately disappointed in the food. The dish's on the menu are too complicated. At a neighborhood Italian place, I like to see several specials with exciting ingredients, but also several more basic dishes that use fresh ingredients. I had the salad and the pasta special. The salad special was burrata with arugula. The cheese was good but it had cucumbers with very sweet fig jam. It ruined the dish. The gnocchi were in a very heavy Gorgonzola sauce and they were too mushy. Would like to see some more fresh pasta with red sauce on the menu.  Waiter was neutral. He seemed annoyed to serve us at the outdoor tables.Food was amazing, dessert was to die for. Great place, good atmosphere, great chef! Can't go wrong here.I LOVE THIS PLACE. All the staff were so welcoming and attentive. A group of us went for a birthday celebration and we left full and extremely satisfied. All the pasta is made in house and don't forget the homemade gelato. We will definitely come again.My friend traveled from out of town and we decided on Italian food. I googled best Italian in Philadelphia and this quaint gem was a result. From the moment we walked into the restaurant, we were greeted very warmly. I started with the fresh mozzarella and tomatoes, it was simply divine. Next I had the watermelon salad which was fresh with a hint of mint and put a smile on my face. Lastly, I had the lobster gnocchi which was the best I've had in all my travels. This place does not disappoint. A few bonuses: the restaurant is beautiful and well decorated with a familial ambience, it's not noisy, which seems to be common in Philadelphia restaurants and the portions are filling at a reasonable price. This is definitely a new favorite. My friend is still raving about the experience!We had dinner Saturday night and loved this gem of a restaurant.  The food and service were terrific.  byob very accommodating and worth a visit.  We were four people, we ordered two veal dishes, one was veal chop, and veal Milanese, one pasta with seafood and a great chicken dish.  Also the grilled calamari was great.  A total nice evening with good food.  We feel it deserves a five star.
Marlene & RobertOne of my favorite places for a romantic dinner! The food is amazing, everything made from scratch. The best gnocchi I ever had in my life! Never had a bad meal there, best calamari too. The service is excellent, prices are reasonable, and it's BYOB. I LOVE LOVE LOVE going to Ristorante Aroma!I have already been twice to Aroma since it opened few weeks ago. A beautiful and romantic corner spot, and the food is amazing!  The staff was extremely friendly and warm. I am definitely planning to be a regular at this charming BYOB and I highly recommend it. If you have a date and you want to impress, this is your spot!Very delightful atmosphere, great service, tasty appetizers (had the stuffed artichokes and a prosciutto with eggplant and mozzarella special) but the entrees were disappointing! (Had house made mushroom ravioli and veal medallion special) Really brought the rating down. I agree prices are a bit high but portions are big, so easy to share. Chocolate mousse dessert was nice, nothing amazing. The limoncello however was excellent.Had a very positive experience here. 
The service:
The service is great, the waiter was very friendly and gave us some really great recommendations. The staff altogether was pleasant.
The food: 
The food is good. Probably a 8/10 in terms of Italian food in the area. (They do have some stuff competition with Giorgio on pine right around the corner) I got gnocchi and my friend got a steak. We both really enjoyed the food.
The price : 
A little pricey, not sure of the vice they're going for but it feels like a homey byo and they're priced like a ritzy-er place. So I dunno if it's really worth it. 
The space: 
Small. But cosy and cute. It can get pretty loud in there since it's such a small space. You're pretty close to your neighbors, but it wasn't bothersome.
Bottom line : 
Definitely try, we will probably go back. not the best, but pretty good.Run, don't walk to this new addition to the restaurant scene in Washington Square West. Excellent food, service and atmosphere. Great job Susan and Tony.I am probably one of the few who doesn't enjoy restaurant week..so it was a little hard trying to find a non-participating restaurant on Sunday. We happily stumbled across Aroma (BYOB) on yelp, we quickly called to see if they could fit us in. They were friendly on the phone and happy to oblige our last minute request. 
I was here back when it was farm and the fisherman and it seems as though they have now utilized the space better by taking out a few tables so you're not sitting on top of each other. 
Our waiter was friendly I unfortunately can not remember his name. He had several specials to list off and was extremely helpful with the menu. We kept asking "oh what did you just bring to that table?"...he mentioned that most of the other people dining were regulars..like once a week regulars and I quickly realized why. The food is absolutely amazing and the service is spot on.
We ended up with the calamari salad (a special), the limoncello salad, the lobster gnocchi and a special (linguine with crab and cherry tomatoes in a white wine sauce). 
The calamari salad was literally to die for. The calamari was grilled to perfection keeping it as tender as possible. Three gigantic pieces  I strongly suggest ordering this anytime it is a special!! The limoncello salad was a little eh..not bad just not special. The lobster gnocchi was by far the best lobster pasta dish I have ever had. The pasta was pillowy soft with a melt in your mouth sauce, and garnished with lobster chunks. My partners linguine was good as well, light if you're not looking for something to weigh you down. 
Unfortunately we were stuffed and couldn't even look at a dessert menu. Keep in mind the portions are huge and we had plenty of leftovers to take with!! We will definitely be back and recommend 10/10!!This quaint and charming resto on Pine is great for an intimate dinner or small group gatherings. Love that they have daily, changing specials and fresh ingredients make for super yummy food everytime!  To top it all off, the staff is so friendly and accommodating -- Melissa and Devin are awesome! Don't change!Plentiful delicious mussels, fresh lobster salad with red onions and olives!  Mushroom Tortellini!  And BYOB!  Excellent service!Came here for a birthday brunch and had a decent time.
No one was there but us, but we did have a big table. It's BYOB for brunch which is great! I've never been to an italian restaurant for brunch so it was a little sad not being able to have any hot sauce with eggs but i sucked it up. red pepper flakes made up for it.
i got the eggs benedict with proscuitto and it was okay! i wish there was more hollandaise sauce but the egg was cooked perfectly. i liked how the bread was toasted as well. the potatoes, i wasn't the biggest fan of. it felt like there were more shredded onions than potatoes in there. i've never had proscuitto with eggs benedict but i feel as though the consistency was a bit chewy which was different.
i don't think i'll come back for brunch but i'll definitely be back for dinner!Only positive things to report.  Great atmosphere and very friendly owner and staff.  The spinach and Gorgonzola gnocchi were out of this world.  Currently only available on the lunch menu  as part of a sampler, but hopefully they will make their way to the dinner menu.  The spaghetti carbonara was visually alluring and even more satisfying.  Limoncello tiramisu sounded so unique that I had to get it.  It was out of this world and very light and fluffy.  The strawberry shortcake and chocolate hazelnut gelato were also delicious.  Make your reservations early in the week because they fill up fast!Ristorante Amora is an awesomely exceptional restaurant!!!  While dining there with a party of 6 we were extremely pleased with the food we ordered.  The atmosphere is intimate and romantic.  The service is honestly second to none.  If you get a chance see if you can get Gary as your waiter.  He is fantastic and any recommendation he gives you is guaranteed to be on point.Decided to go based on Yelp reviews. 
Place is very quaint and intimate. 
The menu is not very big, but a very good selection of different things to choose from. 
We ordered salads and fish. 
Both came relatively quickly. Service was knowledgeable and professional- while being very friendly. Julio was great. 
Food was delicious. 
I had the Dover sole while my son had the Branzino. 
Both dishes were beautifully prepared and very tasty. 
Dessert was also very good. 
This is a great little gem in Philly.Place was a nice small spot in Philadelphia.  
Highlights:  Food was really top notch, portion sizes were a little small, value isn't that great but service was high class.  Place is also BYOB!
Came here with a group of friends.  It's a really small place (seats probably about 20-30 people maximum.  Be sure to have a reservation because it got full really quick on a Saturday for dinner.  
Brought our own wine and they placed them in coolers for us.  Also opened and poured it for us.  Waiting staff was SUPER attentive and basically never left water glasses empty and was always checking up on us.  Super happy with the service of this place.
We got the Calamari alla Griglia ($18) and the Vendure Miste ($14) to share.  Both were delicious and the portion sizes were pretty good as appetizers.  Definitely would get these again as the calamari was super fresh and was grilled nicely.
I got the Gnocchetti Sardi ($25) and had potato gnocchi, broccoli rabe and sausage.  Overall the dish was very tasty and the bite of the rabe contrasted with all the creaminess of the cheese and gnocchi.  Enjoyed this dish thoroughly.
Overall the service was excellent and I do recommend coming here again.  My only complaint was the portion size: three people got the lobster ravioli and the portions just looked a little small, especially for the price.  My portion size with the Gnocchetti was also a little small to a point where our group stopped by Wendy's afterwards.  
Thoroughly enjoyed the experience but definitely increase the portion sizes as the price here is a little bit more expensive ($5 - 10) than other places and the portion sizes are smaller.  But overall great experience.Food here is to die for ! Try it you will not be disappointed. Every thing on the menu is AMAZING. The octopus and gnocchi some of my favs !Amazing dinner for an
amazing special occasion. We closed our eyes the food the was so delicious. The service was incredible as well as the ambiance. Highly recommend!!!!! :)My favorite for authentic Italian! Adorable BYOW restaurant in a great Philly neighborhood- amazing service and the food (including dessert) is always to die for! We've been here several times, for date nite and with a group of 15 - top notch food and service each time. We cannot wait to go back!Had one of the best dinners ever! My friend and I wanted to surprise my friend for her birthday so we planned a trip to Wax + Wine. I stumbled upon this cute little Italian restaurant right down the street and decided to make reservations for afterwards. Best decision ever! The staff was wonderful & super welcoming. Our server Giulio was the highlight of our night. He was very funny, super knowledgeable of the menu items (sold us on the best dessert), sang happy birthday to my friend, and even topped the night off with limoncello shots. This place is also BYOB which is a huge plus. I'll definitely be back!Their gnocchi is awesome - so delicious! Just go. Seriously. What are you waiting for? I can't comment on anything else because I can't bring myself to order anything else. YUM! Cute place too.Great little spot.  We had great apps, fresh bread and whole fish. Terrific salads. A real good menu, not a ton on it but something for everyone. Seemed like everything was well executed. One of our party had veal. The service was excellent and the prices were fair.  BYOB.  In spite of small size, comfortable and good acoustics.Just had a delicious family dinner at Aroma - it was fantastic from start to finish. I had the Bronzino special and it was perfectly prepared. My husband had the gnocchi with a lobster sauce and it was nicely balanced. The service was friendly and welcoming. I highly recommend this restaurant- we will be back.This restaurant is on a quiet street about a 15 minute walk from downtown. The food and service was amazing. Delicious, fresh Italian food. It's BYOB so don't forget to stop prior to arriving. There is no corking fee and they will provide a bucket for your wine.Celebrated my birthday here with friends over the weekend. It's a cozy little restaurant a few blocks off Broad Street. I would recommend the grilled octopus, veal Esmeralda and spinach gnocchi. I've never had veal mixed with seafood before (it's topped with shrimp, crab and lobster) so was pleasantly surprised by this dish. It's not listed on the menu, but comes with a side of risotto. It was the most popular dish at our table with 3/5 people ordering it. I also couldn't resist trying my friend's spinach gnocchi. It was delicious, but very rich with the mascarpone and gorgonzola sauce so a few bites was all I needed. While I love a good antipasto plate, the one here was underwhelming and I'd probably skip it next time around. Keeping this place in mind for the future!Went there with some friends for dinner and was kind of disappointed by the experience. 
The good: the interior design and atmosphere.
The bad: way over priced for the quality of the food. I got the lamb chops and was excited about it since it's one my favorite food. While the cooking of was perfect, the seasoning of it was just ok. 4 pieces of ok meat is $36. 
My girlfriend got the mushroom tortellini and same thoughts: it was just ok. 
I did like the tiramisu thoughI came here with my family on a Saturday evening.  It was a pretty good meal.  The place is a small, cozy BYOB.  It is a bit loud, but not a big deal if that doesn't bother you!  The service was excellent, and our waitress was very friendly.  We ordered a bunch of appetizers: the Melanzane involtini (eggplant dish -- i just had one bite but it was pretty good), Carciofi Alla (artichokes stuffed with romano and parmigiano cheese -- this was a little too cheesy for a few of us), and the Insalata di limoncello sorrentino (okay, a little boring though).  For my main, I ordered the Cioppino.  This was yummy, filled with seafood.  The sauce and flavor in general was really nice, I just wished there was more broth as I was expecting more of a soup!  I also had a side of broccoli rabe which was great.  My mom had the Bucatini pasta without the pancetta, and it was awesome -- the sauce was incredible!  Definitely recommend this dish (sounds basic, but the sauce is very tasty).  Overall it was a great experience with good food and good service.I eat here a few weeks ago and when deciding on how many stars I was trying to think if there was something that really stood out to give it five stars and I could not think of it. That being said we had a very delicious meal and the chef and waiter were very accommodating to a gluten allergy. The BYOB makes the price of dinner more manageable. There menu has. A lot of variety from meat to pasta and I can see this place being a go to spot while it stays under the radar in the Washington Square area. I order grilled octopus anywhere I go. It did not disappoint and was one of the highlights of the meal. The risotto and stuffed chicken breast were good.A major highlight of our visit to Philadelphia, was finding Ristorante Aroma.  My husband was on his daily walk, exploring the streets of Philadelphia, when he came upon the restaurant.   Of all the restaurants on Pine Street, Ristorante Aroma caught his fancy.  Arriving back at the hotel, he promptly informed me that this was where we were eating that night.   From the moment we were seated, we were treated like returning diners, with fabulous service and attention.  Our server, Giulio, could not have been more gracious, answering all of our questions and providing great recommendations!  The food was like heaven on a fork, simply spiced and cooked to perfection.  We loved our meal so much, we returned Sunday to order Nonna's Dinner; a wonderful meatball and short rib stew over pasta!!  We will return as soon as we can get back to Philadelphia.  Delicioso!!
Dayna GarvinA great dinner and a great waitperson Autumn. This is REAL Italian food! The artichoke hearts appetizer was sensational, enough to split, in my mind.  The risotto superb, an osso buco w pork shank, and they even make their own filling for the cannoli!
The place is small and homey, BYOB, but worth the visit. Also open for lunch. Not onOpenTable but that's ok.The staff, food and experience was an absolute delight. One of my new favorite places in the city.This is an excellent addition to the already amazing restaurant scene in Washington square west. The ambiance is great and the restaurant is nicely decorated. We came here with a group of 8 and the staff was extremely accommodating and wonderful. To start we tried to octopus which was fresh with a bit of a char and big enough to split among 3-4 people as an appetizer. As an entrée I ordered the abbacchio alla romana - which were the lamb chops. They were absolutely delicious and grilled to perfection. I got to try the veal chop and the fish special for the night and they were excellent as well. If you have a sweet tooth (like everyone at our table) definitely get the gelato - it was the perfect way to end an amazing meal. Also don't forget this place is a BYOB!!Very very good. 
(1) excellent service. Our waiter was wonderful. 
(2) very warm and attractive atmosphere. Very cozy and warm. 
(3) slightly pricey for a BYOB but very good value. For 4 people, all of whom had three courses, it was $203 before tip. Worth every penny. 
(4) food was terrific. Two of us got the veal caprese. Both loved it. I had the pork osso bucco. Loved it. Appetizers were also excellent. I had the shrimp & broccoli rabe in a Parmesan basket. Fabulous. Desserts were also excellent. 
Why not 5 stars? Personally I reserve 5 for "over the top" perfect. I rarely give 5 stars on Yelp. So this 4 is a very very high rating. I would highly recommend Aroma. We will go back. You won't be disappointed.
If it was possible I would have rated Aroma a 4.4. 
Curious why this place has not been on Philly Magazine's Top 50. It is definitely better than many of the restaurants that make the list each year!!!Totally BYOB, but the best BYOB place I have ever been to!  The restaurant itself is tiny, but the staff does a fantastic job of making the atmosphere feel much larger.  Everyone was courteous and offered good insight on their preferred dishes.  The appetizers and entrees are freshly made and delicious.Ristorante Aroma is my favorite Italian place in town.  Service is excellent and food is absolutely delicious! I had the bronzino which was perfectly cooked. My friend had the spinach gnocchi and said they were the best she has ever tasted. Excellent place!I work right around the corner from Ristorante Aroma but hadn't heard about it until my son and his wife were looking for a place to hold a rehearsal luncheon for their wedding party. They mentioned all the places they scoped out and rejected, so I was a little surprised when they said Ristorante Aroma was their number one choice. They are very selective, so I knew it would be good. I just didn't know how good. 
This place it off the charts! Trying to find the right adjective to describe the food is difficult. I'm going to settle on exquisite. It's obvious each dish is created by an extremely talented chef and prepared with love. Each selection brought rave reviews from everyone sitting at our table, which included people from Philly and New York who know good food. 
The gnocchi was lush, almost melting in your mouth. The fried calamari in a sweet and spicy chili sauce was the best I've ever eaten, and the tortelloni al tartufo was prize winning.
In addition to the food, the chef and staff were exceptional, somehow managing to serve a large group from a small kitchen without missing a beat. On top of that, they made us feel like we were honored guests in their home. 
My husband and I can't wait to go back, and I suggest anyone looking for exceptional Italian food should add this to their "must visit" list.I don't often write reviews on Yelp, let alone 5 star reviews. But let me just say as a lifelong Philadelphian and foodie that this was one of the best meals I've ever had, ever. Truly authentic Italian experience, from the hospitality to the food it was unforgettable, unless of course you drink too much wine, but is there really such a thing? I had the gnocchi mascarpone with lobster and my fiancé had the gnocchi bolognese, both of which were out of this world. We started with the artichoke and ended with the cannoli, both not to be missed! And of course we had lovely servers in Guilio and Angela, who made me feel right at home, we laughed and talked and it felt completely natural. All around, I highly recommend this place and it's definitely my new fave for the foreseeable future.A wonderful new Italian restaurant.  I have been here several times since they opened in August. The food and service are outstanding.  The grilled octopus appetizer, lamb chops and the gnocchi are among my favorites.  I plan to try everything on the menu, it's that good.  the owners and staff are friendly and warm. Chef Tony always comes out to say hello.  A great place.Great food and great service. I'm not sure why this place has three dollar signs -- my partner and I managed to get an appetizer and two huge main courses for less than $60! I got a special: Melt-in-your-mouth pasta in Gorgonzola sauce. My partner got the Cofanetto di Pasta alla Pugliese. It was pretty epic.Excellent in every way! Delicious true Italian food! Lobster gnocchi was spectacular! Grilled calamari was just perfect! Staff = EXCELLENT  Quaint spot!Came here for dinner on recent Friday night. 2 women.  Hostess showed us to nice table but the male waiter refused to let us sit there claiming he it was promised to party of 6.  Instead we were moved to a cafeteria-like table.  Shortly later a married couple was seated at our first table!  Horrible treatment. Food isn't good either. Sent back fishy calamari.  Won't go back.Wow, this place is incredible! I have no idea how I've never tried this restaurant before since I've lived around the corner for years. It's the best Italian food we've had in Philly. The restaurant itself is cozy and charming, looking out onto picturesque Pine street.  Not only was the food and atmosphere A+ but the people were very friendly and made the experience great. You have to get the "hot-cold" dessert... it was delicious!I strongly recommend having dinner at Ristorante Aroma.   The Bronzino was absolutely delicious!Incredible. Definitely expensive for pasta but this is a great cozy spot for special occasions. Literally everything is good. Bread is homemade and stellar. The gnocchi is some of the best I've had.Our dining experience last evening was excellent. At first when I called they were completely booked for the night, but they took my number just in case. It was our lucky evening. They called back about 45 minutes later with a cancellation. 
The space is small, but cute and cheerful. The staff was lovely. Tayler, our server, was delightful and more than helpful. She was eager and honestly answered all Our questions and checked on ingredients for us with the chef.
My son got the Osso Buco which was delicious and required only a fork to eat it it was so tender.
My salmon was moist and the sauce was very tasty.
My daughter ordered the Branzino baked in salt whisk was moist and tender and subtlety seasoned.
The tortellini with mushrooms, however, was almost tasteless and the mushrooms in the sauce were gelatinous and unappetizing. We do mot recommend this dish.Our waitress Angela was fabulous. Very attentive.  Very sweet.  The food was fabulous from the appetizers to the desserts.  Our reservation was at 6:00 pm for a table of six, and we arrived promptly and were promptly seated.  Our service was very good.  Angela explained the entrees and was very amiable and helpful.  We had appetizers, entrees and desserts.  At 7:20,we we're approached by another employee who said, "I'm so sorry, but the next party has arrived."   Next our waitress came up and said, "I'm so sorry, I hate to rush you but the next party has arrived."  I don't understand how you book a table for 6 for 6 pm and 7:30 and you think it's okay to rush your 6 pm table out of the restaurant.  It was my first time there and the food was fabulous and the service right up until we got the bum's rush, was fabulous.  They need to learn how to treat guests better at their restaurant.What a fantastic experience, came in on a relatively quite night for the first time. Giulio went above and beyond to provide a wonderful experience, his warm personality made us friends by the end of dinner. The food was just delicious and really couldn't go wrong with anything on the menu as most of it is house made. Highly recommend the gnocchi with lobster and the chocolate bar dessert.  They also topped off our experience with home made limoncello on the house.Fantastic Italian food, romantic environment, great service by Gulio, everything was perfect!!! You will not be disappointed at all!!I was really excited to try this place based on the reviews unfortunately this place didn't live up to my expectations. The ambiance is nothing great. A little too modern for my taste especially for the type of restaurant it is. I would expect it to be more warm and inviting. The food is completely over priced for what they give you. The prices are more like a fine dining restaurant. I expected the food to be outstanding but I was sadly disappointed. My fiancé got the squid ink pasta dish which was so fishy he could barely eat it and I got the veal milanese which was just ok. The only thing that was really good was the service that we received. 
We were both looking forward to having another great Italian restaurant to go to but this place was a one and done.