Mamma's was the perfect evening to celebrate both the end of my exams AND my birthday. Unfortunately, the combination of the free-flowing wine and limoncello and the fact that I had hardly eaten anything due to the stress of that day, I can only comment on the first half of the evening.
We came in, late and flustered, and sat down to antipasti and bread and a full glass of red wine. Now there are few things that make me happier than wine and bread and olive oil, so you could have stopped the whole thing right there and I would have been totally happy. But wait, there's more!
The soup was kind of a franco-italian version of mazoball or wonton soup - egg crepes in a chicken broth. Quite good, but I went easy on it in preparation for the next courses. The pasta trio was pretty good, the rose sauce in my opinion the best of the three. I ordered flounder, in a light egg batter with lump crabmeat for my entree, which was light and delightful, though the sides left something to be desired. Luckily, there was still dessert coming, and at this point I wasn't caring about anything at all. One decaf cappuccino, some chocolate cake and too many shots of limoncello, lemon cream and blackberrycello later I stumbled out the door, happy as a clam. 
Though this was not haute cuisine, it remains a tremendous dining experience, certainly worth the money. Mamma knows what she's doing.Several months ago I had a couple of friends visiting me directly from Puerto Rico, my best friend from undergrad and her boyfriend. That evening we had decided to meet with a group of friends and after having meal somewhere else. We embarked toward Passyunk Avenue looking for a dessert place we have visited before. When we arrived it was late and the place was closed. Walking down the block, I saw that there was light coming from Mamma Maria opened the door and asked if they served dessert. Initially I was informed that they were closed but after some thought. The owner offered us to come in and served us. We were delighted. It was around ten o' clock and she admitted a party of eight to her restaurant and treated us so kindly. We had the choice of having a piece of four different cakes, were served excellent coffee and to top it all off Mamma Maria herself gave us homemade Lemoncello free of charge. They did not rush us out and insisted to take all the time we needed. My visitors felt so at home and took with them not only the calories that accompanies any great dessert but the memory of Old World hospitality down under in South Philadelphia. 
Cheers to Mamma Maria!!!4 stars for the food and 5 for the entertainment.  Maria herself - who had a cooking show on PBS for years - was in the kitchen when we came here for Mew year's Eve 2006.  (I was wondering why it took me so long to yelp her.)
We had a very enjoyable evening.  The best part were the home-made meatballs and the (keep it on the d.l.) tray of limoncello and cordials passed after the meal.
My only regret is that we have not yet returned.
We will!We had a prix fixe meal with a Groupon, and it really went beyond my expectations.  It was just a beautiful experience - as soon as we sat down, the waiter instantly brought water, bread and a complimentary plate of delicious things to eat on bread (fried eggplant, pickled carrots, etc).  We let him know that we had a Groupon and he briefly explained the prix fixe menu - we didn't have to make very many decisions at all (soup or salad, fish or meat), the 4-course meal was already arranged for us.  It might sound funny to say that I appreciated this lack of selection for the Groupon but it really enhanced my experience - instead of having to think about every detail and choose from a long list of options, I just relaxed and enjoyed what the restaurant had put together for me.  It felt like having a good home-cooked meal at a dinner party with plenty of delightful surprises. 
The meal: We received a complimentary glass of house red wine, a salad with really delicious dressing, a simple pasta course (marinara sauce) followed by the fish we selected (a type of white fish with a lemon-y sauce), dessert (that kind of sponge-y Italian cake with frosting that has both chocolate and coffee flavors), and a surprise glass of house-made limoncello with dessert. I think we also got an extra shot of espresso with dessert but that may have been included as well - I can't remember.  
It was the most relaxing, delightful dinner -  I would recommend going for the experience and the home made food, and letting yourself go with the prix fixe flow.A quaint Italian restaurant with good food and friendly service. Mamma Maria came out to check on us. We left with a bottle of homemade limoncello, which was great!Worst $55 prix fixe meal I have ever had in my entire life. Adding insult to their possibly spoiled food is the fact that they don't disclose the price upfront. Conveniently, they have no printed menus to let you see the price, allegedly because the menu changes daily (probably so they can focus on moving whatever is about to rot). I only deigned to set foot in this place because I felt sorry for their pathetic attempts at drawing in more foot traffic by getting a ginormous vinyl banner attached to their exterior -- yes, nothing like a giant screen printed Dos Equis ripoff smiley face to make me run not walk and like an often-empty restaurant on Facebook -- and then to be sucker punched by the check after being really only able to down the insipid soup... Surely the owners double as con artists by day? I can see this place being reasonable if you have no culinary standards -- Chef Boyardee makes better pasta -- and are an alcoholic. I, however, barely drink, so I was sure not going to get my money's worth by downing their swill-in-a-carafe. The neighborhood does not need a restaurant whose pasta sauce has been reheated every day for the past week and is made of butter and ketchup, so I hope this place goes out of business so no more customers are swindled out of their hard earned money. The owners should be ashamed of themselves. FAILHome cooked meals with a family vibe! Throwback to classy Italian style cooking with many courses. We left happy, full and satisfied!!Inferior product at an elevated price ($55/person + tip). No wonder this place is always empty. We feel duped. Total waste of money -- $189 with tip and a $25 coupon for three freaking people could get you dinner at the best restaurants on the Avenue. You don't expect a place that looks this shabby to cost so much (we in fact didn't go to Paradiso because it seemed too expensive). Can't understand the positive reviews on here unless they're from neighborhood friends or family. Here we got good service, cold antipasto that seemed flattened from being stacked under plastiwrap in the fridge (ie, not fresh), perfectly edible soup, "complimentary" wine that tastes like it came from a box with some grape juice added, pasta overdone and flattened (pre-made, refrigerated in stacks, and reheated) and loaded with a sauce of cream and maybe some ketchup, dull white bread, and dull entrees that couldn't have cost more than a few bucks to prepare, and average dessert (it's hard to screw up chocolate cream cake but it also seemed a bit stale). For $27 each, announced upfront, it would have been perfectly fine -- but for an unannounced $55 it's borderline immoral. We assumed it'd be no more than $35 or $40 per person. No printed menus because they'd show the price! The waitstaff was fine and the decor was expected/outdated but the fruit flies weren't so appealing. Will stick to Monsu (menu sampler of $40) and infinitely better in every way -- or La Virtu. Or Mr. Martino's. Stomach feels unsettled but haven't yet barfed. In general we're so disappointed since food in Philly so rarely disappoints! Thankfully Yelp exists to warn people about this place. In fact this misleading experience -- the disconnect between cost and quality -- compelled me to start writing reviews on here!My family and I went last week for a birthday... they have an accordian player who is more of a "loud eavesdropper" as my cousin put it.  He's not too good... but he did sing in Italian, which was sort of neat.  
The food isn't anything to brag about. It comes out in courses but you only choose your main dish.  My main dish (Chicken a la Mama) was very good, but the other courses were... plain, for lack of a better word.  There was nothing special about them.  Chicken broth with just rolled up chicken for a dinner soup? No thank you.
The dessert was okay, they bring out a bunch of different kinds of cake... which are mooshy in my opinion.
The reason this restaurant is getting 3 stars instead of 2 is because of the completely abundant amount of alcohol they serve.  HELLOOOO BLACKOUT.  Disarrono, limoncello (2 kinds), Sambuca, all very Italian drinks. And not to mention the wine they bring out while you're having dinner.
It's about $67 a head, pretty hefty for Italian food. But, I guess this is a nice place to go if you're looking to drink and not really pay attention to the dishes themselves. Oh, and parking is atrocious.  GO EARLY and NOT on a weekend! Reservations highly recommended or you might not get in.There were high expectations for this place as we had just come home from our European honeymoon a few days earlier and having been eating in Italy, we came home spoiled and a bit snobby when it came to authentic Italian food.  
This was also the place where I was to tell my new hubby that we were expecting our second child! It was definitely the right place to go! We were both very pleased!! I don't believe there was a menu online because it's chefs choice which is sometimes scary especially for a vegetarian such as myself but they were so unbelievably accommodating to our picky eating habits here. 
It was a tad expensive, I believe $50 ish dollars a person but it was for a couple of courses including dessert and wine so when you do the math, not really too bad. 
Every single thing was simply delish! They start you with a beautiful antipasto, homemade bread and overflowing glasses of wine (he not me, I was newly preggers!!!) 
Then soups ( we each got ones to suit our dietary needs) I had the  BEST minestrone and he had some kind of chicken and cheese dumplings in broth (no carrots- which he hates) and he said it was to die for. 
We then had a trio of homemade pastas with different sauces. One was a gnocchi, I think a ravioli, and a tortillini. Then our courses ( which we basically just took home) I had the absolute BEST eggplant parm I have ever tasted!!! I believe he had some type of fish a d really liked it too.  
Then, if you can imagine... salad which I guess is an Italian custom to eat after your meal. It was yum but I could only have a taste as I was stuuuuufed! 
They then brought over homemade cannolis and tirimisu and carafe of homemade lemmoncello and chocolatecello made by the owner herself. 
The service was to die for! We had 2 very sweet and helpful waiters (one was Marias own daughter) and Maria herself even helped us. 
We truly felt like we were in her home and it was a very special experience. They were so sweet to our toddler who ran all over the place and even played with her themselves. 
I highly recommend it here but, come hungry. A very special find for us!Awful. Super disappointed. The food was the furthest from authentic that it can get. Starting with the appetizer, was mediocre at best, including chick peas and soggy eggplant. The bread that was served was pretty bad, when I go to an Italian restaurant I expect delicious bread. This bread tasted like it was bought frozen and defrosted. The soup was just broth with two asparagus stalks, a cheap way to claim delicacy. Then the next course was a pasta trio sampler. The bowties tasted like store bough mac-and-cheese, the vodka sauce was okay, and the gnocchi's were not bad, I can say the gnocchi's were the only thing I enjoyed, probably because the lack of flavor...couldn't complain. The main entree!!! What a disgrace!!! We all got something different at my table. The Flounder tasted freezer-burned, super fried, would compare it to Mcdonald's fillet-o-fish. The Tilapia was very fishy and dry. The meat sampler was missing part of what the menu claims it includes. It is supposed to have Chicken, lamb, pork, and sausage roasted in the oven. The pork was a perfect square, looked like it came out of a can, so gross. The chicken was okay, the sausage was okay, and the LAMB WAS NOT EVEN ON THE PLATE! THE GARNISH ON ALL THREE PLATES, a single piece of ICEBURG LETTUCE and a slice of tomato. So upset that I had to pay $55 plus tax and tip on this crap meal. The server was adorable...she was nice, apologized for the awful food, obviously not her fault. The owner was so mean, not friendly. We waited 20 minutes for our credit card to be processed (and it wasn't busy in there) and when we asked about it she yelled at us. Just overall, horrible.Mama's menu is ageless and the atmosphere of this place is intimately old school family style. You'll even get the treatment of the accordion player on the right night!! Spend a few hours eating with your loved ones here and enjoy the delicious homemade strawberrycello after dinner, exclusively created by Mama herself!I used to love this place. $50 for many courses and wine and liquor. Now it is $55, the decor outdated and dirty, the food seems cheaper and not as good, and the restaurant was empty. I was so disappointed. I saw it on groupon after not being there in years and I won't be going back.I am never coming back here again.
Early August, my sister came to visit me on a weekend that happened to be her twenty-first birthday. I scoured Yelp to try to find somewhere to take her, when my friend mentioned that a coworker told her about this place and raved about the food. Seven courses of Italian food, all you can drink? Done. 
In retrospect I wish I had taken her to somewhere I know and love, like Amada or Mercato, hands down two of my favorite restaurants in the city.
I made reservations and when we walked in on a Thursday night at 7:30pm.... we were the only table.
We were the ONLY table. 
The entire restaurant was empty, and worse smelled musty like a library that nobody has visited in 20 years. Awkward, awkward. 
I was uncomfortable the entire time sitting in a restaurant occupied only by three people. The service was friendly, and not at all overbearing. The wine they brought out was drinkable, but not that good. The food on the other hand was downright awful. Parmesan cheese that tasted like Kraft. Soup that I wouldn't be able to distinguish from a can of Campbell's. A laughable antipasti plate with eggplant that tasted like it was fried three days ago (think soggy, cold, and weighed down in oil), and roasted red peppers that could have come out of a jar. 
On the way home, our stomachs hurt horribly and my friend actually had to throw up on the side of the street. 
I ended up paying somewhere in the vicinity of $145 for the two of us to eat there, which I regret immensely, especially as I have promised my sister I would make it up to her with a real meal and real drinks when I'm back in California in the winter. 
On the bright side, I laugh every time I think about this experience.I'm lucky enough to live next to Mamma's daughter and last night she broke out some of her bolognese sauce.  Wow! was it great...darn good company too..
The cool thing is Mamma is now bottling the bolognese sauce and selling it, luck us....  I got my order in for a few jars; can't wait.  I love having Italian neighbors it reminds me of my childhood best friend.  Food and stories, laughter, great times.
A more somber note...the Ristorante is like 2 plus hours away so we don't make it there too often but since her nipoti are here I'm lucky to spend time with her up here.
Mamma makes you feel like you're part of the family and that is a special quality.Ate there recently.  Wasn't expecting much based on the decor and the musty smell of the place.  It was worse than we expected.  An insult to Italian cuisine.   Awful, headache inducing red wine, so diluted that when a glass was accidentally spilled on a coat, no stain appeared.  Antipasto consisted of fried, breaded, clammy and very elderly eggplant and some other veggies soggy beyond recognition.  There was a pasta medley consisting of three differently shaped pastas.  One pasta was in a catsup/butter sauce. (Honey Boo Boo's favorite if you watch the show). Soup was OK but thin, pale yellow, supposed to be chicken I think.  Entrees were edible but flavorless.  The big surprise was the bill.  At $55. per person prix fixe our bill was a whopping $189. for dreary, sad and flavorless food.A little pricy for what you got. The antipasti and soup courses left a little to be desired. The pasta course was the best course. The dinner was bland and came with an excessively salty salad. The dessert was great, and so were the cordials- but didn't make up for the overall experience. We won't be going back.The decor isn't new and updated, the food isn't the best you'll get on Passyunk, which isn't saying much considering the extremely high quality of offerings on Passyunk these days, but the whole experience together was quite nice and I will definitely go back!
My mom and I wandered in on a Saturday night and were immediately seated, it was explained that it's prix fix, we chose the smaller option of 3 courses for $35 pp. We were served red wine, bread, and antipasto. All of which were lovely. We chose salad (instead of soup), pasta (gnocchi in marinara), and chicken in vodka sauce. Pasta needed a touch of salt but it was tasty, chicken was incredibly moist and delicious. Then we were served a lemon cake with shots of homemade limoncello. 
The thing I noticed, and loved, was the pace of the meal. They did not rush us, the courses didn't come rapidly, the whole meal took 2 hours. Grabbing a meal out became an experience, an event, and it was wonderful. 
Long story short: if you're looking for haute cuisine then keep walking, there's plenty of that on Passyunk, if you're looking for an evening out with lovely food and time to spend with your dinner guests then it's the place for you!First time customer...five in our party on a recent visit.
Some impressions...nothing fancy...decor still in the 80's, server/man helping were nice--but server was scarce & didn't see her after pasta serving. 
You choose between the small or large menu. We had the large. The large is $55 pp for unlimited wine. 
Bread and a vegetable antipasto was on the table to await our arrival. Excellent bread choice between sliced Italian bread, one other choice and 4" warm Italian rolls--Amoroso-type...the antipasto were all room-temperature: sliced cooked carrots, roasted marinated red pepper and breaded sautéed eggplant.
The first discrepancy we found between their website and reality was that the website indicates "unlimited white and red wine". Red wine was waiting upon our arrival and we were never offered white. It was quite tasty and I'm not overly fond of red wine...and why I never asked for white. We went through 4 carafes.
The next course was soup...don't know the name. A chicken broth with two tubular pieces of chicken. Soup was barely warm...BARELY.
The next course was pasta...which was gnocchi in a red sauce, shells in a pesto Alfredo and penne in a red sauce.
You're given a choice between two fish (flounder or tilapia), veal Parmesan (I had...pretty good, not earth shattering), pork loin, shrimp in a red sauce over pasta and one other item I can't recall. A sliced tomato and sprigs of broccoli with it. We were told the menu changes nightly. The website does say "sample menu" but not overly clear to us as two of us hoped for the beef filet. 
A garden salad was also brought to the table and were told it was "complimentary". We were pretty stuffed and only one had some...a house dressing on it. 
Dessert and after-dinner liqueurs were then served--Amoretto di Serona, Sambuca and "homemade" strawberry creme. Dessert was a slice of vanilla cake with a chocolate icing, not bad. 
The next discrepancy was the website says "desserts served on our lovely dessert cart". That was *not* the case--and "the cart"--was parked to the side in the dining room. The cake was brought out and each slice put in front of us. We noticed another table's dessert was different. We asked the gentleman about it and found out they also had Italian lemon creme cake and a ricotta cake. We asked about there not being a dessert cart with OPTIONS and he expressed being surprised the Server didn't ask what we would prefer.
We had to ask for coffee which brings us to the last discrepancy! The website states "coffee, cappuccino and espresso". We were never even offered anything else when we asked for coffee. We had to clad down the guy for a second cup, waited a good ten minutes to ask again. He forgot.
Was the food fantastic? No. Was it bad? No. Was it so good I said WOW--I GOTTA GO BACK! No. For $55.00--for me, a bit steep. That being said, 4 carafes of wine and the after-dinner liqueurs made us "get our money's worth". Not being a big drinker I wouldn't go again.
Lastly, the tip! We were charged a 20% "gratuity" on our check. Furthermore, being only five of us we were not only taken aback BUT were annoyed they tipped on the taxed total! I brought it to the man's attention who brought Mama to the table...and she adjusted it removing the tip agreeing they shouldn't have billed WITH gratuity. Not sure why it was done in the first place. Maria said they DO charge gratuity a few times in the year even for a party of two...mentioning New Year's Eve being one. I questioned why and I understood her to say because "people run out of money and think they don't need to tip". I'd be insulted if I fell into that situation.
In Maria talking with us she mentioned Lemoncello...the website indicates being one of the liqueurs. We weren't offered Lemoncello. Maria said she also makes the Lemoncello and they then brought a bottle to the table which we all tried...VERY GOOD...
Maria was a nice lady and sounds like quite the hard-working woman as well.I went to Mamma Maria's last Saturday night to celebrate a friends birthday. We had a great time! The food was excellent, old school, home made, Italian food. The soup was exactly like my grandmother makes, with small pieces of chicken in it, and home made pasta. The pasta dish was perfect! Al dente and just like you get in Italy. Simple and good. I had the chicken for my main dish and it was wonderful. The plating style is outdated and it visually resembled the plating style used in event catering. But the taste was delicious. I thoroughly enjoyed the entire meal. The cake had a light creamy lemon frosting, and the limoncello was so great! My grandmother also makes limoncello but hers is no where near as good as Mamma Maria's!
Go to Mamma Maria's if you enjoy an unpretentious home cooked reasonably priced meal. We had great food, great service, and a fun time with our friends. The decor is extremely outdated, including the china, silverware, salt and pepper shakers, everything looks like South Philly in the early 80's. But think of it as retro and enjoy the awesome food and great service!The service here couldn't have been better. No complaints there. No complaints about the all you can drink limocello at the end of our meal. It was the best part. And that's not hard to do considering how bad the food was. Over cooked pasta, bland sauces, dry as a bone fish.
The decor could have been overlooked if the food was better, but it just added to the misery.  Nothing would have been batter than that junk.
Mama, focus on marketing your limoncello. You'll do much better.This restaurant definitely needs a facelift. We wanted to try the $25 prefix meal, but they were out of the ravioli which was one of the two dishes offered. So we tried the $50. Lots of food that didn't taste good. Antipasto was okay, pasta trio had an odd after taste, and the bread was hard as a rock. We both order filet mignon medium cooked, and was surprised that it was served in medallion pieces, cook well, with marina sauce. It was chewy and flavorless. The soup and the chocolate cake were the only two dishes that tasted really good. If you just want to get wasted on unlimited wine and fill your belly, this is the place.Food is delicious. But had to go with three stars because of the service is super slow. They cater to their regulars and won't make eye contact with you hoping you don't ask for something...like water...never got it..asked 3 times...and the place wasn't even busyHonestly. I wasn't that impressed. It was definitely a good time with the unlimited wine and the live accordion player but the food wasn't to die for. Also if you didn't drink a ton you definitely won't get your money's worth. Dessert left much to be desired.  I don't feel the need to rave about this place like everyone else does.I was a little disappointed with Mamma's when I decided to stop in for dinner. I loved the idea of a pre-fixed menu, and bottomless wine, but the quality was really lacking compared to expectations.
Shortly after being seated, I noticed quite a few fruit flies buzzing around my table. There was a service area a few feet away where wine sat in open carafes waiting to be served - I'm pretty sure that was the source of the problem! 
The food was okay. You basically get what they serve you, as far as the other "six" courses, but you do get to choose your entree (fish, chicken, pork, steak, etc.). The mixed veggie appetizer and veggie soup seemed like something you'd eat in a cafeteria; not quite your quality and gourmet selections you might desire. 
The dessert seemed stale, and the tray of opened alcohol bottles that they bring at the end just didn't seem right. I didn't know where they had been or whether past customers put the bottle straight to their mouth! Call me paranoid, but you may always be surprised by what people do.
Lastly, I think Mamma needs to do a little redecorating. The interior looked fresh out of the 80s with ugly carpet and decorative plates hanging on the walls.Lemme just say if I hadn't had a groupon for this place I woulda been preeetty peeved. The concept is cute and all, and I get that this is more of an old-school type of place, but for $55-a-head prix-fixe you can get yourself something better elsewhere. 
Since I'm a glass half full kinda gal, I'll start with the saving graces:
- Free wine and cordials with dinner (none of which blew my socks off but I can always get down with free booze).
-Pasta trio was actually pretty good. My favorite was the pesto. 
-Salad dressing had a little zing to it.
-Mamma herself popped out for a quick second to check in and she was adorable.
-We were the only two people in the restaurant for the latter half of our meal, and our server was attentive and friendly without hovering or making us feel awkward.
Now onto the meh:
-Rolls weren't fresh or warm (definitely seemed straight from Giant down the street).
-Antipasti course was on our table when we arrived- a little odd- and consisted of soggy veggies that had been breaded and maaaybe fried for like .2 seconds?? Turn up the heat on the oil, mamma! 
-Main course was okay, nothing memorable. I got the chicken in lemon sauce- it came with some potatoes and string beans. 
-Desserts were a lemon cream cake and a ricotta cake, neither of which were very good and this girl loves cake. 
-The restaurant itself was super dark and outdated. Felt like eating in old Aunt Sally's house deep in the heart of South Philly. Normally the appearance of a place doesn't matter much to me if I'm satisfied with the food, but the gloominess just kind of added to my meh feelings about the food.
Would give an extra half star if I could, since our waiter and mamma were so nice.My brother lives in south philly and we have been to a good amount of Italian restaurants in the area. We were excited to try this place as it has been reviewed as "authentic Italian". This it is not. The only thing "authentic" about that place was the horrible servers accent. We got the seven course meal which consisted of an antipasto ( beans, eggplant, and carrots) salads or soup, 3 pastas, and a choice of 5 meals. Salad and soup were good pasta was decent. Main meals were lacking in taste and under par. If your in south philly looking for some good Italian their are plenty of great places and this is not one. $250 for 4 people without booze was infuriating for the quality of service and food we received.Amazing pretty much sums up my experience. The restaurant was easy to find and once inside we were immediately greeted and seated at "any table we'd like".  Our waiter was helpful and explained everything on the menu thoroughly. This is a seven course meal and my bf and I were there for at least 2 hours. We never felt rushed at any point during the meal, which is a huge plus. We will def be coming back to Mammas again!Wow! First off don't let the reviews fool you that Mamma's will only be fun for a group- I went with only the boy and the same amazing parts of the meal that everyone raves about still happen for a couple.
Pre fix menu as stated- you do get to choose your meat entree from about 7 choices and your dessert from about 4. The others - antipasti, bread, pasta are all already set.
Right away we were served with two bottles of wine and it just kept on coming!
Antipasti was great- have to be honest didn't eat any salad. For our entrees we chose the baby shark and mixed meat platter. Bf's shark was on point- moist melt in your mouth quality. My mixed meat was HUGE! There was a huge chunk of rotisserie chicken, 2 sausage links, ham steak, and oxtail... Maybe some others but at this point in the meal we were 2 bottles in.
The dessert oh the dessert! At first I was disappointed that cannolis and tiramisu were no the list UNTIL my piece of hazelnut chocolate cake touched my lips. The cake had a delicious homemade icing in between what can only be described as cloud cake.
To top it off the service was impeccable- we stayed way past our welcome yet every server told us to stay and drink some more! Thanks guys you really made the night great :)
One more thing- it's true they deliver 4 bottles of liquor to your table even if there are only 2 of you.This place is such a great little South Philly treasure. We went on a whim and didn't know exactly what to expect. We were pleasantly surprised. 
I mean it's pretty much a five or six course meal complete with booze for about $60 each. Can't really beat that. 
All the courses are pre-set, but you get to chose from six or seven entrees and six desserts. I love how they bring all your booze to the table with a coupe of shot glasses at the end and just let you go to town. 
The pasta course really stood out as the best course of the night for me. 
I deducted one star for the following:
The soup was a touch salty
The appetizers they start you out with are already on the table when you get there (that weirds me out a little). 
I recall being told we would receive a salad course which we never received. 
Cash only (what is it with Italian restaurants in this town?)
The fact you have no idea how much your meal is going to cost you until you get the bill (at least we weren't told so we just crossed our fingers hoping we had enough cash)
Mamma Maria is friendly and adorable. The wait staff was super helpful and super cute. 
I'll definitely be back. 
Should you go, prepare to eat. It's a lot of food!BYOB and order al a carte. The menu is limited, but all classic Italian. Had the 3 pasta sampler. Magnifico! Chicken parm to die for. Ambiance is definitely classic S Philly. Service was impeccable. So friendly.Mamma Maria's Restaurant is a gem and Maria and Paola are wonderful hosts. Our group of three partook in the prix fix dinner. We had an amazing meal starting with red wine and antipasto while we got to chat with Maria and learn about the history of the restaurant. Our next course was salad or Italian egg drop soup, I really enjoyed the soup and tasty broth. The salad was a standard Italian style salad, light and refreshing. Next came the trio of pasta with homemade gnocchi in a marinara sauce, penne in an Aurora sauce, and rigatoni in a gorgonzola cream sauce (amazing). For entrees we had several choices and our group got the shrimp arrabiata (a little spicy), flounder with lump crab meat, and chicken with sun dried tomatoes (all large portions and delicious). Finally we had an airy walnut cake with the most amazing whipped cream frosting and coffees for dessert. This was a wonderful meal and we will be sure to return and bring our friends.Went here with a groupon last night.  Food was very good.  The salad brought me back to my childhood.  We didn't like the fact that a 22% gratuity was added directly on the bill, there were only two of us, not a table of ten.  We would have tipped generously but would have preferred making the decision ourselves.For fifty five a person you get wine, which we quickly titled welch's and then 5 courses. The appetizers were bland and poorly fried (turn up the heat on the cooking oil).  The soup was so bland we began adding parmesan cheese. The entrees were better, slightly more flavorful, as was some of the pasta in the pasta trio. Although the marinara was plain. The overall experience is like stepping back into time, with the plates from Niagara Falls and the endless pink (walls, bathrooms) and the accordion player with his straw hat. One of those places you go to once that makes you thankful for,good company.This is a great place to take people and a great value for good Italian food and wine/cordials. Make sure you come hungry for the multiple courses; for me the pasta was the highlight. I am picky about my Italian food and Maria met my expectations. The place is very cozy and has an old world charm. On the night we went their was also an accordian player which added to the experience. Make sure that you don't have to go anywhere after your meal; I wouldn't recommend this restaurant if you have tickets for anything so you don't have to rush like we did. In addition to the meal homemade red and white wines are provided throughout dinner and at the end you are able to enjoy as many cordials as you desire. We are planning to go back with my parents and friends and looking forward to it.I have very mixed feelings about my first visit here. 
I had walked by Mama Maria's many times, and always wondered why it was constantly empty. I actually began to feel bad for this business because all the shiny new restaurants along Passyunk seem to be taking away customers from Mama Maria! 
Now I have a better understanding of what this place is all about. We arrived, got seated at the table, and expected to receive menus to browse and pick what we wanted to eat. We were told "it's all included" but we were never told what the price was or really how this place worked! I have to say that I feel they intentionally hide the price and information so that you don't walk out and leave before eating. 
The seven courses were served slowly and with good descriptions (again, no menu!) and the service was decent. There was just way too much to eat - so I took home several "doggie bags." I think the two things that make this dinner worth $55 was the fact you don't feel rushed like in many other restaurants, and that wine/cordials were all included. The homemade lemon, basil and cream cellos were a nice touch. 
The zinger was that when we left the restaurant - we saw a big sign on the sidewalk that read "A la carte menu available". BUT the server specifically told us that there is no such thing! We were forced to order the $55 meal from the start. It was enjoyable, and we left full and happy, but I do just get some creepy feelings about this joint.Absolutely the best Authentic food in the city. The flounder francese is by far and away the best I've ever had. The service was amazing from the time we arrived until the very end. We were truly treated like family and will be returning here for years to come...We were fortunate enough to eat outside this past weekend because it was almost 70 degrees out (crazy, right?). We had a great experience- service was wonderful, the food was delicious and HUGE portions. Never went inside  so I cannot comment on the decor, but eating outside was so nice. Very cute little area and great people watching.The staff was really friendly and helpful without being pushy or overbearing.  You get a TON of food with the prix fixe menu.  They are very accommodating to vegetarians and I felt like I got a lot of food and didn't feel like I was missing out.  The best part of the meal were the desserts and the homemade limoncello.I had one of the best meals in my life at Mamma Maria's .  For a fixed price ($55 the last time I was there) they will serve you a full seven course meal, including free wine and liquor.  When I was seated I was only asked one question, "red or white wine"  after that my glass was never less than half full, and one delicious course came after the other until I was ready to explode.  They did give multiple choices for the main course.  When we were done the meal they put five bottles of liquor on the table with glasses so we could sit and talk.  The restaurant is on the first floor of a row home, and I got the feeling that I was a welcome guest in mamma's home instead of a customer in a restaurant.  
I stopped in several times for lunch since and everything I had was wonderful.$55 for dinner with unlimited wine is AMAZING! the service was very attentive & they had the table ready for our reservation.
we were a bit disappointed in ordering the meat & seafood samplers-I think we would have been better off ordering one of the more specialized entrees. but, yum, yum all around!Amazing service and amazing food. Definitely worth the money & Maria herself came to our table to chat and check in. love it!Yeah, so this place is awesome.  Went with the g/f, so not only is this place great for large parties, it's great for just the 2 of you as well.  Plus when Mamma comes out and asks how it was, you know they take pride in what they're sending out.
It was a pre fix menu.  You do get to choose your meat entree from a number of choices, and I believe they change.  You also get to choos dessert.  The others - antipasti, bread, pasta are all already set.
Once we ordered, 2 bottles of wine appeared on our table, and thosse weren't the last of them to hit our table...
The entrees we chose were the baby shark and mixed meat platter.  Both were fantastic.  The shark was nice and moist, and the meat platter... was... huge...  I think we actually ended up taking some of it home.  I don't remember exactly, we were 4 bottles in at that point.  
The service was incredible - We even stayed after they closed, and yet every server told us to relax, no rush.  We ended up talking to all of them about Italy and such, it was great.  
Oh - Dessert... It was great, however I think I may have enjoyed the liquid desserts a little more... 4 bottles of liquor to your table, 2 of which are homemade liquors.  
I'd recommend this to anyone / everyone.  And bring me with you.I'm usually pretty picky about my italian food, having grown up in the NYC area where they have a lot of great Italian places.  Moving to South Philly was not at ALL influenced by the dearth of Italian restaurants (just kidding).  And this is one that definitely pleases. First of all, there was already a carafe of wine at the table when I got there.  Also, there was a great selection of vegetables that were prepared  pretty deliciously....followed by a wonderful course of pasta. Pasta seems to be where this place shines.  I've tried the pesto, marinara, and vodka cream sauces - which are all amazing.  Also, I loved my eggplant parm.Yummmm classic Italian and finished the Neal with mama maria herself! I had the caprese salad and a side of homemade meatballs..some of the best I've had. A plate of mixed veggie appetizers was brought out complimentary and it was all so tasty! I had a bite of the melon and prosciutto and that was the best I have had for sure..love finding these little gems when I travel!something i believe must be noted for future patrons: i was aware they have a prix fix menu available, but i did not realize until i was already seated (with a reservation) that they ONLY have the prix fix menu. perhaps it was lost in translation for me.
it was still a tasty meal from start to finish, but i believe my stomach would have rather had me chosen a different restaurant. call me crazy, but i think one should be mentally prepared for a 6 course meal before committing to one! regardless, excellent desserts, pork chops, and very tasty house made vegetable soup!If I could give it no stars, I would but 1 star is the minimum.  I had dinner with four friends at Mamma Maria's on Wed, 11/17 - it was one of the worst dining experiences -- waitress had bad attitude, food was greasy and tasted old  (no one finished their dinner), it took 40 minutes between courses, no bread provided until we asked, and THEY ADDED A MINIMUM 20% TIP TO THE BILL without advising us of this.  My only recommendation would be to stay away from this restaurant.   It is a sorry excuse for a restaurant in a City with so many good ones.Delicious food,  excellent service and exemplary hospitality.  I have rarely felt so welcomed at any restaurant.  The owner came out and explained all the dishes which were authentically Italian.  We truly felt we were valued guests in her home.  The pasta ala vodka was especially delicious. The price fixe was an excellent value.We went here with a group of 15 people and I wouldn't send my dog there to eat the scraps.  The soup was chicken broth with what seemed like string cheese in it.  The main dishes were horrible.  How they have the nerve to charge $75/head is out of control.  I'll never send anyone to this establishment.I went to this establishment on Christmas eve for the seven fishes seating. From the onset the methods of the restaurant were clear. Their goal is not to provide you with an exceptional meal but to force as many people into the cramped restaurant as possible. Their pitch is home made Italian with free wine. Unfortunately for the patrons of this restaurant, the term is used lightly, the food is out of a can and the wine is out of five gallon jugs. The worst part of the meal was not waiting an hour and half for seating or not having any silverware or not having anything gluten free like we had asked or even the seven fishes which were nothing more than quarter sized slivers of microwaved anchovies and shrimp. The worst part was the owner, when we brought up concerns of not providing GF substitutions like they had agreed and how some of the food was very much over nuked and inedible we were scolded. Scolding a paying customer is never a good move. Maria went as far as saying her husband died on that date eleven years prior and how dare we give her a hard time. Incredibly bad food and even worse service. Would not recommend this establishment to anyone but the crew of Kitchen Nightmares.So, I have to say the food we did have was great.  The service was good and the wine was tasty.  HOWEVER, the concept is jacked.  So its $55 for a prix fixe menu.  Which I wouldnt have minded if we would have had ANY sort of indication of the concept before we sat down or there was any other options.  We got the wine (which was great) and the bread.  We asked 3 TIMES about what the story was which we never heard until we flat asked cost.  There was no menu.  You can't really do anything but get the full 7 course dinner.  You could get al a carte, but who knows what each thing costs.  So we're sitting there w/our heads reeling about the price and how there was not much way around it.  It really left a bad taste in our mouth.  So we paid for what we ate and we left.  Sorry to Gabriella out server, who was very nice and I have to say the salad and antipasti we ate was tasty.  Be aware tho that this is NOT a cheap place to eat by any stretch of the imagination!!!Visited recently for a birthday dinner. Had been recommended.  Prix fixe menu - each course was totally bland and uninspiring. Very few tables were filled and waiter still was not very attentive. Empty place at least made it so we didn't mind getting a bit loud - we weren't bothering anyone else. For an Italian restaurant even the bread/rolls were mediocre with butter pats.  Oil that was served was hot spicy, not a creamy olive oil you'd expect.  Cannot recommend. Plenty of other choices along Passyunk Ave.Wonderful food!! But a little overpriced.  We took our 16 year old for dinner.  Our bill was $200 without tip.... For PASTA.  Yes the other food was good but not as good as my Italian mothers!!  I will stick with the other restaurants in so philly that are a real deal for the$$$$.Was highly recommended but was very disappointing. 
Dated decor
Bathroom was disgusting...hole in the wall. 
Went on a Saturday night and there were only 3 groups in the restaurant all evening. 
There was a cockroach climbing the wall next to our table (not joking).
Pasta course was tasty but not very warm. 
Six entree choices:  salmon, tilapia, flounder, chicken, veal and pork.  Came with green beans and potatoes.  Beans tasted like canned green beans.  
Service was ok.Some coworkers recommended this restaurant for an upcoming date.  While most parties there were in groups, we did not feel out of place at our table for two.  When we arrived, antipasto and red wine were already on our table.  We were not served bread, but its ok as I would probably not have been able to finish my entree if there was.  The next course was soup; a chicken broth base with two chicken crepes.  Very simple but delicious, not too salty, and perfectly suited to a snowy evening.  Next came our pasta trio - rose, marinara, and pesto/alfredo.  The rose took the cake, but the others were quite tasty.  We were able to pick our entree from about 8 options.  I had a seafood medley of crayfish, shrimp, scallops, and calamari.  My date had veal with medallions.  Both were delicious, and it was difficult choosing an option because all the other entrees sounded amazing (like pork chop stuffed with garlic and basil and tilapia topped with crab).  A salad was served halfway through dinner; a bit peppery but enjoyable.  Then the liquor came.  Sambuca, Disaronno, homemade lemon creme cello, blueberry cello, and limoncello.  Sit, talk, drink as much as you want until you leave.  At some point we were asked to choose one of three desserts, and we both opted for the ricotta cake.  It was the best dessert I've ever had.  Light, creamy, hints of vanilla, and was very tasty between shots of the lemon creme cello.  The service was great, the pacing was perfect, and we were able to give our compliments to Mamma before leaving.  Altogether, we were there for about 3 hours.  The pre-fix price is an excellent value for the amount of food, wine, and liquor we consumed.  We will definitely be back soon.Great restaurant with the kindest staff! We were seated right away without a reservation. Loved meeting the whole family and learning about the restaurant!Best Sunday dinner ever. Mama opened up early for my family for a special occasion. I must say probably the best homemade italian food ever. Tasted just like my grandmother's food. Definitely a must try.A truly unique dining experience that we definitely enjoyed! 7 courses and wine for the table included in the price. Bottles of liquor were brought out with dessert to enjoy as much as you would like! Cappuccino also included. We can't wait to return to this lovely, home-like establishment. You really feel like family here.Wow. I came here with a groupon and it was great. So many courses, the way they actually eat in Italy. The courses just kept getting better. I think the reason the restaurant isn't packed is because the decor doesn't appeal to a younger crowd. It looks more like a restaurant you'd go to with mom. The area here seems to be filled with restaurants and shops that are much more modern and geared toward attracting younger consumers. However, we met Mama Maria, the waiter was very sweet, and the food was fantastic. Did I mention how much food they bring? Come here with loose pants after not eating all day. The groupon for $45 gives you 5 courses, a glass of wine each and even limoncello shot at the end (it's homemade and strong). You can tell everything is homemade. The cake was chocolate amaretto and homemade. Even the pasta dish featured homemade marinara. The bread had just come out of the oven and was crispy, doughey, warm and delicious. Really enjoyed it. I'm just too full to leave.The Food was OK and service slow. Wine was good and fish dish excellent. Pricey for the meal.Nothing, including the unlimited booze, will distract you from what's unfortunately subpar Italian food. Or maybe not exactly Italian food since the scrambled eggs in chicken broth served as soup doesn't really seem authentic. 
Pros: sweet waiter, yummy creamy limoncello, free wineWe were in town from southern California and looking for an authentic Italian restaurant. My nephew suggested Mama Maria. They opened up early for our group in a private setting for a party of 12 people. We were met by Mama Maria herself - a charming host and wonderful cook. She left  Valle San Giovanni ( in the appenines mountains west of Teramo)  for Philly 23 years ago. We had heard the cuisine from this part of Abruzzi province was spectacular. We were not disappointed. Maria planned a five course meal for our group which included an antipasto, a scrapelle soup, a plate of el dente pasto, a savory veal and mushrooms, and a terra missou. The table wine tasted like a chianti Classico and the creamy limoncello was complimentary. The food, the service, the charm of this restaurant replicates the same small town feel we had many times in Italy. This was a cultural and dining experience. If you want to eat like the Italians and can't afford a trip to Italy, you can experience it at Mama Maria's. Ciao!Very old-world Italian restaurant. Service was amazing, they treated us like family. Just the right timing between courses, every one of which was delicious. Really felt like I was eating back at Aunt Lydia's house on Christmas eve. 
Limoncello at the end was sooo good. Will definitely go back again.SO MUCH FUN!
Stumbled in here on Superbowl Sunday and was immediately seated by the host before even getting the chance to look at a menu. Found out later, you don't need a menu! You only make some choices for your entree.
Mamma, yes I'll refer to her as mamma, changes the menu frequently, but the staples like the pasta stays the same. Which is great because the PESTO is to die for!!! 
It's a BYO, and they offer liquor with your dessert/coffee. First time it was Frangelico and a box full of liquor and the second time it was homemade limon, and blueberrycello.
Since it's pricey, I would recommend going here for a special event. (Last time went for my friend's bday and the table next to us was an engagement party). But it's not a high end establishment, so be prepared.
Definately a taste of old school on Passyunk Ave.Great old world Italian restaurant,,single meals n 6 course
Especially oved the authentic pasta gravy n bread..desserts n service were outstanding as was service they treat u like family n.like they really appreciate your business..will return oftenJust an overall unpleasant experience...Went back with friends to try and recreate a night we spent there 20 years ago... It was very disappointing... Each course was a letdown with the soup being especially awful..oh and the lemon cake was completely inedible... All Main Courses were blah...Just a tired and uninspired restaurant... Lemoncello was good though...Mama is entertaining with her stories, if you catch her before the rush. For was outstanding. I had a wonderful night with my husband.This is as good as it gets, kids. Last night my husband (a chef, it'll matter later) and I were driving around South Philly trying to fulfill his craving for linguine and clam sauce. We drove around, finally parked, found a lost chihuahua, reunited said dog with owner and our reward was getting the last two top at Mamma Maria's. I had heard the food was good - but I didn't really understand how Mamma did things here - and the incredible night I was in for. 
Waiting for us at our table was a basket of Italian rolls, extra virgin oo, a lovely little antipasti for two and carafe of red wine. A server came by to apologize for the late service as they were two servers down from the flu. No big deal, we were eating already. Several minutes later our server came to our table and explained the menu and the meal we were about to have. 
As we completed our antipasti first course, the soup was served next. A beautiful delicate clear chicken broth (chicken and onions only in this broth - no mire poix according to dh) with crepes filled with chicken in the soup - the most delicate chicken and noodle soup I've ever tasted. At this point in the meal I was giggling (actual glee) and we started reminiscing about our life changing trip to Italy. 
The pacing of the meal was perfect. After a little settling, we were served the pasta dish. A fusilli pasta with broccoli rabe alfredo (dear American compatriots - alfredo is not meant to be a creamy brick in your stomach - it's light and lovely), a bow tie pasta with rose sauce and penne with a true crushed tomato marinara (San Marzano?). Delicious - and true al dente, which I'm usually not into but was perfect with these delectable sauces. 
As mentioned in other reviews, the choice you get on this prie fixe menu is your entree. I chose a grilled seafood medley and dh got the veal medallions in marsala. Real langostines, scallop, shrimp,  calimari - grilled and delicious. The veal was amazing - don't run away from veal marsala when it's done here - you won't look at it the same way again. This is served with an Italian salad with bitter and sweet lettuces, oil, vinegar...perfect. 
Then came the dessert & aperitifs - holy moly. Limoncello, Lemon Cremecello (have to homemade - they were made with grain not vodka and they were fantastic), Sambuca and DiSorono - full bottles of all delivered to our little table. The most delectable desserts, had to made on premises...Walnut cake, rum cake, ricotta cake - small bites of each because we asked for a taste. Cappicino...more wine...and we rolled out of there for 110.00 plus tip. A previous reviewer warned about it being pricey. Perspective wise, this is the best value in Philadelphia - and a true Italian experience. I could feel the love and passion that is put into this food and this restaurant. 
Atmosphere - well, it's got about 100 seats or so, modest interior, homey and not to be redundant, but it reminded me of the sweet homeyness found in family restaurants we visited in Florence or central Italy. Really, it's like you are a guest in Mamma's home. We were woefully under dressed - not that the atmosphere demands it, but there were many large groups of South Philly brethren dressed to the nines - because that is the type of respect this place deserves - but certainly doesn't demand it. 
I can tell you without hesitation that this was truly a lovely surprise for us and we are still talking about it this morning. We're pretty critical people and demand excellence in food preparation - because if it's not right, why are you doing it? Excellence doesn't have to only come from Stephen Starr or Chef Garces - excellence can be simple, beautiful and true - and that is what you get from Mamma Maria's. You won't regret the decision to give Mamma Maria's a try - and bring friends....it's a fun place for a group.Mamma Maria's is my favorite Italian restaurant in South Philly.  It's on my "must eat" list for any friends and family who fly in to visit Philadelphia and want top quality, authentic Italian food.
The owner, and also cook, is "Mamma".  She is from Tuscany and came to Philadelphia about 5 years ago.
There is no menu - waiter will announce the dishes, which change frequently depending upon what ingredients there are.  I have never had a meal that was not EXCELLENT.
The house wine is free flowing.  It's all you can drink - they will keep refilling your glass until you can't stand if you let them.
And, the best part of every meal for me at Mamma Maria's is the dessert.  At the end of your meal, the waiter will bring out many different desserts along with homemade Limoncello.
If you are looking for a good time with family and friends, or if you are out to impress some clients, this is as good a choice as you can make in Philadelphia.Husband, 13 yo daughter, her friend and I were in Philly for a siteseeing trip. Husband found this restaurant in an online search, so we went without any knowledge but that. What a great evening we had. Dominique, our server was gracious, enthusiastic, and helpful with all the offerings for the night. Antipasto was varied and delicious. Soup was new to us, but good enough to research and make at home again and again. Pasta was a delicious 3 types, again, enjoyed by all. We all chose different main courses and loved them. We learned that when we go back, which we want to do, that we need to temper ourselves to make room to keep going. The deserts and liquers offered at the end of the meal rounded out the experience. What was so nice was that Mama came out to visit with us, was delightful with the girls who are learning Italian in school, and encouraged them in our table conversation. What a nice night.This place is amazing!  You might want to eat lightly for Breakfast and Lunch because you get soooo much food with the pre fix menu option.  The food is great but my favorite part had to be the desserts and lemoncello at the end of the meal.Silly me, after we were seated I asked for menus. Mamma Maria's doesn't roll like that. Glorious. Five courses or seven and entree 1, 2, or 3 are the choices. Like being at my mamas house, the food keeps coming and not a bite was disappointing. Wine is included as is coffee and a cocktail with dessert. Price was very reasonable.This was the strangest restaurant experience I have ever had. When my friend and I first got there, we were the only people there, aside from their family in the back. It seemed like they were having a family party, which made my friend and me feel pretty uncomfortable. It felt like we were intruding on their family dinner or something. We bought the groupon - thank god - because I honestly don't think the meal was worth even the groupon price. The food was mediocre at best. I had that soup with two rolled crepes in chicken broth. It had absolutely no taste, until I put tons of salt and pepper in it. The pasta they served was just a penne in marinara, but it was clear that the penne was boxed. Next, I got the chicken breast in a garlic cream sauce, which again, had no taste until salt and pepper were added. The chicken breast felt as if it was one of those frozen chicken breasts. The green beans they served were from a can. The most redeeming part was that we were given a free glass of red wine, and a shot of limoncello with cream. I will definitely not be returning.Truly a wonderful experience.  Great atmosphere, awesome food, it doesn't get any better than that.  Mama came out and chatted with us throughout our meal ... She's a hoot!  You can't go wrong with Mama Marie's.Excellent food, excellent service, excellent free alcohol! Amazing dinner. Love the hot oil on the table... added it to everything! 
Especially enjoyed meeting Mamma herself!Went here with my family on Christmas Eve for Seven Fishes dinner. It was the only place at the time that had reservations available for our large group and now I understand why. The food was HORRIBLE. The servers were very nice and pleasant but that's about it. We were basically left to fend for ourselves the whole time. And they attempted to serve my 2-year-old the seven fish dinner. What 2-year-old eats a 5 course meal? No one offered me a different dish for her, I had to ask if they could provide something else (and they did). I am all for a leisurely meal, but this was a little too leisurely. I mean it would take 30 minutes after you finished one course for the next course to come. Every dish was clearly pre-made, sitting in a refrigerator or under a heat lamp all night long. The worst was the final course with multiple fish. The stuffed squid was chewy and dry. Smelts had almost no batter on them. The one shrimp on the plate was like rubber. The battered flounder tasted ok but it was clearly sitting out for a while under the sauce because the batter was super soggy. Truthfully, the best part of the meal was the homemade limoncello and the cake. I would not, under any circumstances, waste $65pp on this meal again, even if it included wine. (Which, by the way, was supposed to include both red and white wine, but there was no white wine to be seen, nor was it offered to us.) Everyone describes this place as "Italian food like my grandmother made." As someone who had an Italian grandmother who made all the same types of dishes - this is definitely not Italian food like my grandmother made. This place is a gimmick...people who know nothing about good quality Italian food come here and think it's great because it's a homey atmosphere with food cooked by a woman from Italy with a big personality who clearly thinks she is a Michelin star chef or something. Meanwhile, her kitchen is filled with microwaves. Do yourself a favor and go to Marra's across the street.Went with a groupon, no problem. The groupon was for a 7 course meal. The courses were good but wouldn't say great. The service was friendly (close your eyes and you'd swear Al Pacino was your server) and efficient. Dinner included a carafe of Italian red. All in all a pretty good meal and we left stuffed and satisfied.Food is good (probably around 4 stars) but the experience is what makes me love this place.
As others have mentioned, the party menu consists of 6 courses (antipasta, soup, pasta, main, salad, dessert/coffee/cordials) plus more wine then you can handle for $55 (plus tax/tip).  From the time we arrived (between 7-730) the servers were very friendly and did a great job pacing the evening (in their words, a marathon not a sprint), we were never waiting for wine, water or food.  Of the entrees this night there were 3 meats and 3 fish to choose from.  Between the 14 of us I think 5 out of the 6 were ordered and everyone really enjoy the food.  
I would not suggest this place for a 1 on 1 date or even maybe for a small group (4-5) because if theres a large group there it probably can get a little loud/rowdy (sorry to anyone there on a date Friday!) and you probably wont really get the same experience there.  
The most fun part was dessert when we got a chance to break out the cordials (3 types of cello, sambuca and disarono).  Not sure I knew there were so many different things to 'cheers to'!  We spent about 45 minutes on an extended round of shots and about 4 hours total.  During the whole thing we never got impression that we were being rushed or pushed out the doors.  
So bottom line, if you have a large group that likes to drink, eat some good italian food and have a great time, then give Mama Maria's a try.I was unimpressed both with the food and the service at this restaurant. The food was OK. Nothing spectacular. I wouldn't give it such a low rating had it not been for the ridiculously slow service, especially the long wait between courses. Also due to the crowded seating arrangement, it can get very noisy and you feel as if you have to shout to be heard. It wasn't a pleasant dining experience at all.We went with a group of 4.  And were offered the choice of the $35 or the $55. Still dont know what the two extra courses were and saw the jug of wine they must use to fill the carafes with and its not worth the extra $20 per head.
They brought over the appetizer.  It was maybe enough for two people and was "ok" at best. The girls had the soup with scripelles, which was chicken broth with two scripelles.  ok at best. The guys ordered the salads, which were ok.  
The pasta course was gnocchi which was very good, the gravy was excellent.  We all wanted more of the gnocchi!!
The meat courses weren't exactly anything to brag about. three of us ordered the pork, which was three pounded out small pieces of pork in a rather bland sauce. My wife ordered the flounder which was good.
For desert, it was some sort of dried out cake with some flavored whipped cream icing.  Eh. Ok at best.  The coffee was good, so you can't beat a good cup of joe.
As noted on previous entries, the decor was dated.