Had breakfast. Typical diner choices. Catered to special requests. Food was ok. Service slow. Never got a refill of coffee. Clean new place. Big screen tv to pass the time while waiting for Service. 
Hire more waitresses and that should do the trick. Would go back.We really love this diner! The food is plentiful and an excellent quality. They have dinner specials until 6:00 p.m. and the portions are extremely generous. Quite frankly, I cannot eat all of the food that is served. I have tried many different selections of food and have been beyond satisfied with all of them.  The service could not be better and there are more than enough servers and staff to make this a most pleasant dining experience!
The place is beautiful and the servers are very eager to please their customers. We eat there at least twice a week and are happy to have a great diner like this not too far from our home.  We have absolutely no complaints!My family ate here for the first time this week. We have eaten at other diners nearby and thought they were good, until we came to the Ritz! Salad bar, soup, fried flounder, 2 sides, drink and dessert for $10. Can't beat this deal. And it's not the only deal. There's a whole lunch menu of deals choose from. Service was great!I hope they get their shit together soon. It's lovely on the inside what with all the brand new furnishings.Short and sweet don't  waste your time going not anything to see or try food bad service worseThe mean old manager the waitress could help but loudly complain about made my late night snack a little more entertaining.. the FOOD WAS AMAZING!! There blueberry pancakes special is a favorite of mine, and there so big..My friend and I kept saying we're going to check this spot out and I'm so glad we did. We arrived at like 9pm, promptly seated and greeted by our server Felicia. I ordered breakfast food (French toast, eggs, turkey bacon, hash browns, coffee) my friend had the chicken parm and hit the salad bar. Food was delicious, best French toast and coffee hands down. Most diners serve horrible breakfast after a certain time, not them. The salad bar was fresh and appetizing. My friends chicken parm was perfection. Portions are huge and filling, actually ended up taking half home. No complaints whatsoever. Can't wait to go again.First time eating here by since they opened and I am impressed! So impressed that it made me sign up on Yelp to leave a review.
The diner has a great layout and the staff are very friendly. The food was delicious and I have no complaints. I love breakfast and this will definitely be one of my top places to come to eat!!Amazing food, amazing atmosphere. The service was great and fast. I would gladly go again.Very pleased with the services...waitress & clean up guy very nice! The French toast & grits are great! The prices are good too! The only dissatisfaction was the ham was hard&salty & the orange juice is too watery, didn't have any pulp either...but the coffee is nice&hot! Please don't get discouraged about the parking...it sucks and the 2 parking lot guys are CrustyCrab&Squidward!This place has been open for three days so far. First impression is that it is very spacious. The parking lot was full but not crowded inside. So I'm sure when it will get crowded, you'll end up parking on the street. Prices are about the same as other local diners like Liberty Bell, Country Club, and Four Seasons. They have a nice salad bar. Since this place is so fresh, I figured I'd try it before all of the customers come and dirty it up. The portion sizes for lunch are generous. Amy was our server and was nice. Not a bad place to check outThey closed a Wawa right near my store months ago and lucky me another new restaurant, fuck ya. Score. Be still my heart a new diner that's well rounded in the menu department. Grand opening me and my buddy grab take out, love its only a 90 second walk from my store, we had lunch. 
The soup was no bad and not the usual broth for matzo ball soup but it was decent. My ball was a little on the hard side but good flavor none the less.
Now onto the meat, well seared and good flavor bacon &amp; cheese abundant.
The roasted pepper was a nice surprise and the bun was better than I expected.
The fries lacked the salt out of the fryer dosing it needs. Meh. 
So far happy it opened and excited to try more items.Ate here today for the first time.  Took about 10 minutes for a waitress to come over, but that's ok as the menu was new to us.  They had many early bird specials and a senior menu.  The early birds are pretty good prices.  The salad bar was fresh and when we got back to the table our soup was there with water.  I enjoyed the soup., as it wasn't very salty.  The waitress was pleasant and then brought our food over.  She checked back (took her  a little while) to see if our food was ok, which it was.  We took our leftovers home.  Dessert was included so we took the tiny piece of cake home with our leftovers. Drinks were included also, but I did read a no refill policy which was fine with us.   PARKING...........lot is very small and congested.  If you are able to park on Rhawn and walk, do it. (Unless you are there in the middle of the night).  We will be returning.I was so excited that there's a new 24 hour diner so close to me! We went for dinner on Mother's Day and it was good, but there's very few vegetarian options. The waitresses weren't the nicest, but it was busy so it was understandable. Food came fast and it was all good. It used to be a Wawa, and they did such a great job remodeling it!I have seen some poor reviews for this diner and it baffles my mind. The food and service are excellent!  Someone complained about not getting refills on their soda. No establishment in Philadelphia is serving soda refills because of the soda tax! If you want to find fault, you can find fault with anything! I hope this diner does well and thrives because they serve good quality food that happens to be delicious! And they cater to the customer because they care about pleasing their patrons. The prices are incredibly low for good quality food! Again, some people just cannot be satisfied no matter what is served! I honestly don't know how they can even show a profit for the dinners they serve at such a low price.  It's the best diner I have ever visited!Would give zero stars if i could. We saw it had opened and figured we might as well try it.... Huge mistake. We pulled into the tiny parking lot and was helped by a friendly staff member who directed us on where to park. He's the only reason they get this one star. We walked in and the man seated us where we looked over the menu for a few minutes. We heard a few of the waitresses motion towards us asking the gentleman that seated us if we were being served the gentleman clearly said no and the waitresses continued walking around. We sat there for 20 minutes while the waiters and waitresses continued to walk by and make eye contact.....but nobody ever took our order..no one even asked if we wanted a drink or anything. We eventually just stood up and walked out... 2 of the waiters looked at us and we walked by the guy that seated us but no one said anything to us they just continued to talk to each other. Don't bother going here... They won't even give you water....We got the lunch specials which included a panini (or burger), fries, soup, Cole slaw, and a pickle.  Generous portions.  The soup was amazing for diner soup, full of chicken and rice (not just broth and celery).  The wrong panini came out for me but the waitress quickly replaced it with the correct one and all fresh fries/slaw/pickle.  The value is great.  The place is very clean and the decor is nice.  Parking is limited but we each drove and found 3 spots together at lunchtime.  Would go again!  Don't listen to negative reviews.  Try it for yourself.The chocolate chip pancakes are amazing honestly, the food is very good too, we had breakfast, eggs, bacon, home fries etc. the waitress however, needs work. Never nice to pay for service and feel as though you're bothering your server.Enjoyed the service and food very much.  I had the blueberry pancakes and the blueberries weren't as good as I would have liked but I just my preference.  The rest of our meal was very tasty.  Mom go regular pancakes with eggs, yummy.  My daughter got scramble, hash, and bacon that was also tasty.New favorite diner in the area! It's brand new and super nice inside. Say goodbye to the grungy diners that smell like cigarette smoke and haven't been renovated since 1960. I mean this place was sparkling clean. Now onto the food, the pancakes were so fluffy and delicious! We also had fries which were awesome well done. Our waitress was the sweetest lady ever and made sure we had everything we needed at all times. We actually tipped her 60% because she was so sweet. I honestly have no idea what people below are talking about as far as service goes since I had such a great experience. Maybe it's because we came during the late night shift.Mediocre at best. Went with my girlfriends for breakfast food at lunch time. The inside of the place was beautiful since it's brand new. Our food was completely undercooked. Eggs were watery,barely cooked. Bacon was undercooked. Even the toast was BARELY toasted! Coffee was watered down barely tasted like coffee. If they were busy this would have all been more under stable but it was pretty slow on a weekday. Won't be back.The Greek omelette is delicious and the prices are great. Classic diner with super nice waitresses. I love the new look of the restaurant to an old style menuWatch out Tiffanys there's a new sheriff in town! The food is amazing the staff is great and it's closer to me than Tiffanys so its great all around!Got seated quickly and our server was there promptly. It went down hill from there. Our coffee didn't come out until just before the meal. We had to ask for each piece of silverware, spoon, fork and knife. The grits had to be sent back to the kitchen because they weren't fully cooked. The server said she asked for the manager to come to our table but he never showed. This was our first visit to this diner and perhaps our last.I tried it on wed. Went for breakfast had steak and eggs ask for med steak and over med eggs both came out over cooked the steak tasted like it was bad my eggs were cold by the time the toast came but it didnt matter because the eggs were over cooked couldn't dip toast in an over cooked eggs the waitress was kinda rude only asked once if I needed anything and the bill was 24.00 for breakfast are you kidding me and there's only 18parking spots also this place is a dive never will I returnThis place deserves more than what it has for its rating! The service was great, I had a very friendly server who explained most of the items to me, she was very friendly, and attentive. She made sure to check up on us every so often, and would make sure our food was fine. The diner was not as busy when I went in but it gradually became more busy, but our food still came out in a timely manner. It was my first time eating here, and I was surprised with the food. The servings were bigger than I expected and there were way more onion rings than I thought. I would definitely be coming back because this diner is priced pretty well and has great service!I have been here several times at the Ritz diner and the food has always been great I go at least once a week. Well I went today and had a chicken Caesar salad. Now when I say the food was gross well that is being nice. I dont know if is the chef or what but I had it the other day and it was great. The lettuce was old. The salad had no cheese of any sort. Two pieces of tomatoes. The reason for the 2 star today was for the waitress being nice. Her name was loriOne of the worst diners I've been too. Food wasn't good at all and the wait for the food was almost an hour long with a very empty restaurant inside.Went her maybe 2 weeks ago with my boyfriend.  We're avid diners so we figured we'd give this new spot a try...never again. First off the management have this mean Demeanor about them. No smiles , "thanks for coming " or anything like that.  
 We were seated immediately , the place wasn't packed at all.  Our waitress was super sweet and took our order right Away , we ordered wings as an appetizer.  
 45 minutes go by (literally) still no wings , no silver wear , no drinks , nothing. The only reason i didn't leave is because i didn't want my waitress getting stuck with our bill . Our poor waitress and all of the other staff looked completely stressed out. We finally got our wings which were delicious and our waitress apologized for the wait apparently the cooks were fighting.... completely unacceptable. Other customers were complaining as well. 
 Anyway, I'll have to try again at a later time and see if anything's changed but for now it's a 1Excellent new diner, we have eaten here 6 different times, so we could try each meal. My only complaint is that the parking lot is small and always crowded!Food was delish. However, apart from the food and the experience, they really need to control that parking guy. I get that maybe he's patrolling for out safety, but can he stop literally looking at us eating because it makes people and me uncomfortable.Not sure where to start! Let's just say that if you have a special request on how something is cooked it's a crap shoot if they get it right. I ordered two eggs with a GRILLED order of crispy scrapple and WELL done home fries and stated that time was not an issue I was willing to wait. Now this was the second time in less then a week I made this simple request! Each time it arrived with limp scrapple and not so well done home fries!!!! Today to add injury to insult the eggs were up but you could see they were cooked way ahead of the rest of the order and were served with an obvious layer of crust from sitting around!!! Oh did I forget to mention the place was about 1/3 full, so there no rush to content with just a simple request which was to difficult for the cook or the waitress to handle. I gave the place a chance,  three to be exact. Well they struck-out.Being a chef I am a bit critical of what I eat but I try to be flexible also came here late night got the gyro not bad not the best I ever had though either the  tzatziki sauce was watery no real flavor but ok. 
   Honestly the only real issue I had though i was given a refill on my soda I was told the policy is no refills this is a deal breaker for me I need a soda or seltzer with my meal bad enough i am willing to pay the 2.49 that is actually not for a full glass because they Usually fill it half way or more with ice but to say I can't get a refill is monstrous 
    I will most likely be back but I hope this policy changes it will hurt them in the long run I believeMy second time here and I am pretty impressed. The place is nice and spacious. It is spotless and even the restrooms are clean. The salad bar is delicious! This is our new go to diner!We were so excited for this place to and my sister were already in the area after I was at the urgent care across the street. Unfortunately this place made me feel worse and I wish I had gone to the doctor after instead of before.
I ordered the chicken croquettes, she ordered the crab cakes with mashed potatoes and broccoli. The waiter, who I will call "blue shirt", was visibly annoyed when we asked for water, when we got it the water tasted very metallic. Everything started to go wrong at that simple cup of water. 
Both of our meals came with the salad bar, which was pretty decent. It was obvious that it wasn't being paid attention to since we had to ask for plates, and everything was a weird color from not being stirred.  
Sister's crab cakes was one crab cake with two onion rings on top, and didn't actually taste like crab. My first chicken croquette was frozen. I was waiting for blue shirt to come back since he was ignoring us, but he didn't. Thankfully another gentleman saw me trying to respectfully wave down blue shirt and came over. I quickly received a new plate, which was awesome until I realized that parts of the dish were burned from being microwaved too long. 
The weirdest and one of the worst parts (nothing was worse than the food) was the attitudes of most of the employees. One waitress was telling her booth REALLY personal stuff so I assumed she knew them. It wasn't until she told her table that they next time they came in that they should ask for her by name that they didn't. That's fine though, unprofessional, but fine. The guy behind us was just greasy. When one of the female employees was leaving he starting yelling, "Hey Ang, Angie, ANG! Bye sweetheat." She was obviously avoiding him. Kind of like that weird uncle you try to hug at Thanksgiving. He just kept making comments to the table behind us talking about they need to try the cake because it's sweet like the woman he was with and it's great that the woman is such a cheap date unlike the waiter's ex wife. 
tl;dr gross food, made me more sick. Staff overshares like a lot to the point that it's awkward. Save yourself some time and just go to wawa.I just can not understand I ask for a fresh potato julienned n cooked in pan w lil butter 30 seconds to dice n 3 minutes each side
You can taste how long food was pre made if I wanted leftover I would have cooked my breakfast last night. But we are too busy on Sunday is the most honest lame answer I get lol too funny
Cold bacon cold toast Luke warm chip beef 
Too funny people just settle today 
Hey at least it's step up from McDonald's 
Only because I hate every home fries on planet earth soaked in water taste like garbage
Not bad food but sadly it's all frozen n pre made food no fresh food
Cooks looked at me w 3 eyes when I asked sent 3 people to ask me why really people do we not comprehend what fresh food means
There is only one place in north east cooks made to order fresh food damm shame have to run all the way to turnpike for fresh 
But good news sausage n chip beef n bacon was good at least service n place is clean so plus..Amazing food, amazing atmosphere. The service was great and fast. I would gladly go again.
EDIT: 6/17/18 - Went for Father's Day and it was completely chaotic. The cups and the plates were dirty, and the orders were given incorrectly. There was even a hair in my son's plate. It was utterly disgusting!! I would not recommend going on busy daysI got potato skins. Hard as a rock i was crunching on them. The chicken fingers broke my teeth. How do you mess that stuff up?I wish I could give this place zero stars.  We went there Sunday 4/22/18 for breakfast.  The only good part of this place was that it is new and nice inside.  That is about the only good thing. The parking lot is so small so good luck with parking.  We were seated very quickly but sat at the table for 25 mins before we even got to order. The waitress just kept walking by saying be right with you.  We sat for 25 min before even being offered a drink.  Once the waitress came she seemed like she was tired and did not feel like doing her job.  We finally ordered and she kept forgetting to bring the drinks and when asked she said "o that's way over on the other side"  we watched as 3 tables walked out.  After another 25 min we got are food which was mediocre at best.  Never was asked if we wanted more coffee or how everything was going.  Now best part is people were complaining and some leaving and I watched the manager just stand at one of the stations cleaning silverware  and yelling at the waitresses in front of customers. Also never even helped out.  Do yourself a favor drive 3 min down the road to four seasons!!!!!Lunch was great...until my dad found a rubber glove in his cole slaw...how does that even happen??? Only giving 3 stars because the staff were really nice about it and waived our bill...but seriously- how does this happen???First visit, parking lot extremely tight and full. We had breakfast....... not bad at all! Food was good and plenty. For five stars, I must visit a couple more times at different times of the day, stay tuned!
One other thing, I notice a lot of places put cheese on top of the scrambled eggs instead of mixing it in the eggs......hmmmmmOk, so 1st timers here..... This place was clean and ambience was warm & welcoming. Service was great, friendly hostess and efficient waitress. We were seated immediately and served promptly. Food... was ......OK. It was hot and looked good, but just not great. The home fries were a pile of mashed potatoes with a little crunch. I can't say that anything really gave a wow or yum factor. Would we go back? Maybe, but not for breakfast.The food was AMAZING!!! Huge tasty portions on the plates. The server was very kind, kept checking up on us, but not too much. It was bright inside. Clean. Although I forgot to check out their bathroom. They have a little bakery counter and plenty of beautiful sweets like cheesecake and other kinds of cakes. There is a counter you can dine at or in the booths. My boyfriend and I really enjoyed our late night dining experience at Ritz Diner. Definitely 5 stars and WILL be visiting again! The menu has lots to offer. Great place to go if you're hungry or after a fun night out.Eating at this restaurant was like eating a meal cooked by kids left in the freezer too long with no salt or pepper..  The French fries taste like fish sticks And you gave me half a gallon of sauce.  Just posting an honest review if you're seeking advice email me @michaelwinston566@gmail.comFood came out quickly to my surprise. Unfortunately it looks like half of it was pre made. Pancakes were hard on the outside and dry and stale on the inside. The potatoes had definitely been pre sliced. They were just cooked but smelled of a bitter rancid stench. Taste like someone poured vinegar on them. Looks like they had been sliced and sitting in a container for a week. 
As we left the place, we ask to speak to the manager. I was told by the front counter girl that he was too busy right now. I guess too busy for the customer! I just wanted to give him my input, no discount or anything. Place looks nice, they could really turn it around if they cooked fresh items.  Prices are great IF the food was any good.This place just opened so I understand they have a few kinks they still need to work out. The decor and set up is beautiful. It's clean and really hard to believe the building used to be a Wawa. The parking lot is small and gets packed fast. There may be some street parking available on Rhawn. Some of the waitresses seemed stressed but did their best to make sure their customers were taken care of. Our food was decent. I had chocolate chip pancakes that were crispy on the outside and fluffy on the inside. My boyfriend had a meat lover's omelet. He liked it but said it could have used more sausage. A lot of the staff seemed new to their jobs which I understand, everyone has to start somewhere. I think given a few months, this place will flourish. I'm willing to try again soon. They do have a lot of potential.The food was the worst diner food I've ever eaten.  The whitefish salad tasted off like it expired.  Also the cheese in the mozzarella sticks had the same weird taste & texture like it expired.  I thought maybe it's me being paranoid.  I let my brother taste it and he had the same exact reaction and told me to stop eating it for fear I would get sick.  I didn't expect almost all my food to have such a weird off taste like they expired.  I would not order from here again.The food is ok, but the waitresses are miserable. Never seen a group complain about doing the one job of waiting tables. Most likely my last trip hereFood suck service suck manager is to bust to take a complaint. Someone next to the host yell at a potential customer so that lady left. Before even getting their food. I order Turkey sausage got pork. Plain homefries is what I wanted got onion in it. Bagel with cream cheese wrong how can u mess that up butter instead. Plain toast got butter. Then check out lady says did u send it back no why not because if it came out once messed up why not again then wait for the food again sorry for those who think they are getting good food but this is not how u serve people. I will not be back and I will be posting everywhereOh you Ritz Ritz. This place was amazing! Made my friend Jimmy's birthday an amazing experience. Waitresses and staff were great! Love it.DELICIOUS!! Except for the corn bread, which was stale. Would visit again but dont make cornbread stale.This place robbed me of a $30.00 cheese cake. Let's start this review like this, It was the week before Thanks Giving and I and me & my wife stopped there and put in a order for a half strawberry &half raspberry cheesecake. I told them I was picking up the cheese cake at 12:00pm Thanksgiving day. Well Thanksgiving  day comes and I go to the ritz to pick up the cheesecake.  The older lady stands behind the counter and gives me an attitude when I tell her I'm here to pick up the order. A younger female them comes to me and she was very nice so I told her what I'm there for. She goes to the back room then comes back out and say I'm terribly sorry but your order won't be done for another 45 min. I said are you serious? She says yes. But you know what , I can deliver it if you want. I said ok cool. Any ways long story short she brings the cake I open the box and it's one half of a strawberry cake and the other half of a raspberry cake two totally different cakes not one whole cake. And the presentation was HORRIBLE!!! Oh wait... So when I served the cake I noticed there was a thin layer of regular cake under the raspberry cake... yurp you guessed it , the raspberry cake was shorter then the strawberry cake so they used a thin slice of regular cake to try and even it out .I called the restaurant and told them " This is unacceptable!! I paid $30.00 dollars for a cheese cake and yous gave me bull shit.. all the lady kept repeating was "I'm sorry "...  "Im sorry"...   I was so fucking pissed off I hung up.. NEVER AGAIN ... RITZ DINER , YOUR BUSINESS IS TRASH !!!!Best egg Benedict I've had! Very flavorful and nice presentation.  The overall plate was HUGE lots of home fries that I couldn't finish in one sitting.  The service is impeccable, Johnnie was very attentive and made sure I was satisfied every step of the way.  The establishment is clean and actually pretty unlike most of the diners that I have been to.  I definitely recommend giving this place a try.I don't think I'll be returning to this diner anytime soon or at least late at night. I waited 40 minutes for my pancakes because they were burnt and when they finally came out they weren't cooked properly and I couldn't eat them, one of the workers was very rude to us, (for example: we didn't have utensils when our food came so when we asked him for some politely, he just grabbed a handful and threw it on the table) and most of what we asked for didn't come. The waitress was very nice and it wasn't her fault, we still tipped her well. I blame our bad service on the management and the cook. There was a lot of angry customers who walked out without paying, I hope the staff gets it together because that could be a really good dinerUpdate: i now have been to this diner on 3 different occasions and my rating is a 1... was there the other night around 11 and our waitress was taking the other tables order and l everything they requested was met with "I'm gonna be honest with you our night cook probably isn't able to make that. He's not good in my honest opinion". He then requested a cheesesteak and was told there's no rolls left. 
  I ordered a Pepsi and burger to play it safe and my Pepsi was flat, and burger was charred way beyond "medium ". The employees were cursing and when the kitchen door was opened my friend saw the cook eating over someone else's food... 
 it's truly a shame because the diner in itself is a beautiful diner but the staff makes me not want to come backLast night my wife son and I are here and I must admit the service could have been better. However my problem was the food. I ordered veal parmesan, and it was horrible! The marina was had decent flavor, not the linguini was under cooked, and the meat was obviously was low grade flank steak, which they tried to pass as veal. 
I chew on the meat for 30 minutes before I just gave up on the whole meal. They could have easily said we don't have veal rather than try to fool me with flank steakRitz Diner has to be one of if not my favorite diner in the Northeast. Though parking can be scarce at time (which can be frustrating), the service and the food make up for it in tenfold. 
From the broiled stuffed flounder to the ribs to the buffalo wings, there has not been a meal from here that has not been excellent. 
Though they can be understaffed at times, the waitresses and waiters, the hosts and hostesses, and the cashiers have ALWAYS been extremely caring and helpful. 
Having brought my daughter to almost every meal I've had at the diner, the staff is always accommodating. 
I love coming here, and always recommend this diner. They have great food, great early bird dinner specials, clean restrooms, and a wonderful atmosphere.Worst service ever. I always drive by and see the parking lot full so I thought I'd give it a try. Got seated immediately but the wait to order food and receive food was about an hour each. After waiting that long my friend found a strand of hair in her food. One of the workers, I heard them calling her "Ritz" so I'm assuming she's the owner/manager was very unwelcoming and rude. Never came over to apologize for the wait nor the hair in the food, gave my friend an order or fries that couldn't even feed a 2 year old and left it at that. Then had the audacity to charge us for the hair filled food and cheese cause which was absolutely unappetizing. Definitely did not make a good first impression. That will be my first and last time there. Customer service is a real thing and they should definitely take that more serious.Awesome dinner! This my second time within a week . I drive from Delaware County for the pleasure of dinning here. Do yourself and taste buds a favor and check it out!We decided to check out the new diner converted from a WaWa. First of all is WHERE DO YOU PARK? I guess they did not think of this when they converted this place. When it was WaWa cars come and go within 5 min or so. This is  a diner where people are there for an hour or more so the spots don't move as fast. They had a guy outside in a Ritz shirt (I think he was guiding people to parking but all I saw him do is smoke cigarettes. So we finally get a spot. We walked in and yes the interior was nice and clean like the other post stated.I was greeted and I ask for a boot for 5. The booth we sat out was for 4 so we were cramped why she sat me there i have no idea. So a waitress comes up within 2 min and ask what you like to drink I said and who are you? First thing "Hello my name is ... welcome to the Ritz Diner" not what are you having to drink. I ask for no fruit in my drink but she put it in there anyway.So the drinks come and about 7 min later she came back to take our order. They had some good early bird specials that included soup,salad bar, desert. I ordered Prim Rib (never again) it was tough, with no flavor. The mash potatoes are instant not real very bland unless you add gravy and salt and pepper. My wife and other members of our group ordered the Chicken Parm. The chicken tasted good but the sauce tasted terrible it was like a can of tomato sauce with little or no spices. My daughter got meatballs with her meal (Gross) of course they are not fresh made they were so overpowered with spices right out of the bag no question.The salad bar needs work very little to choose from could use more of a variety. The rolls that were at the salad bar seems like they sit in a ice box somewhere because they are very cold and not very fresh and are not covered up. All in all not my worst experience with a diner but I will go back and try the breakfast. Funny thing there a lot of workers there that I recognized from the diner down the street call "Tiffany's" I am thinking the same owner. All I can say try it for yourself it does draw an older adult crowd. They are open 24/7 that is a plus.LOVE THIS JOINT
Best diner in the city to go to after 3AM while coming off 10-12 hours of intense drinking.
Get the Turkey Rachel then thank me later.Went there late one night and they have a limited late nite menu. 
The food was very average at best for a diner. 
How ever the waitress was amazing!
She was great at her job and was hilarious!
I know she was from south phila a little on the bigger size but I would go back just to see her. 
If it was not for her it would be a two star at best.It was average. Nothing spectacular, probably won't go back. There was hair the seat and the table wasn't complete clean. They do give big portions. And the waitress was super friendly.We wanted some breakfast in our household and saw this restaurant on UberEats so we decided to try them out. I ordered the bacon omelette (with home fries and toast), pork bacon, and a cup of coffee. First off, the portions are huge. I got a mountain of home fries and the omelette was twice as big as most other diners. Home fries were unseasoned and the food only came with a tiny packet of salt. Still, they tasted good as did the omelette. I didn't realize until later they forgot my toast so I don't know if it would have been buttered for me or if it would have come with butter and jam. The coffee was a bit disappointing for the price. It was a medium size but the price was for what would have been an extra large at a convenience store. Overall, I had a positive experience and would try them again. They had a number of Italian, Polish, and seafood options for a rather large menu selection.For breakfast diner food it's not bad at all. The customer service is pretty good. I have one major issue: there are no pancake or french toast combo with eggs. The only french toast or pancake combo is with a breakfast meat or a coffee. Being from NJ and also have eaten at a few different diners in Philadelphia I find that strange and aggravating that they don't have an egg and french toast or pancake combo.NO STARS!!! First and the LAST time I will ever go to this disgrace of a diner!!! For the record the diner we were originally wanted to go to was closed so we thought let's go to Ritz's because it looked clean and inviting.... BIG MISTAKE!!!! Upon arriving there all the staff seemed super stressed and unfriendly! The staff could be heard complaining about the amount of people coming in which was completely and utterly unprofessional! Sat down ordered food and noticed there was a HAIR in my food, notified the poor excuse of a manager who didn't apologize at all looked at my plate and said what do you want me to do?! Needless to day say my appetite was lost and I couldn't wait to get out of there fast enough. My friends seemed to be fairly pleased with their burger sooo i ordered fries which the manager had the audacity to charge me for! I will be calling the health inspector on Monday !!! Stay away this place looks nice but the food is below horrible and the staff is just the same instead of being happy for customers they seemed to be more upset they had to work and run tables!!!!!This was between a 3 and 4 stars. Service was fast, food came quick. Our waitress was Tina- she's awesome! My boyfriend and I ordered breakfast. My breakfast was 2 sunny side up eggs with well done home fries and ham. Ham was good, eggs ok, home fries not well done and bland. My boyfriend had scrambled eggs that he felt weren't done but his scrapple was huge and good. His grits seemed very bland as well. They were setting up the salad bar while we were there so I will be back to try it. This place is very affordable- breakfast for 2 was only $16.Nope. Over cooked omelette, under cooked home fries, weak coffee and inattentive waitress. The toast was good. The decor is nice and everything is new and clean looking. In a town where you can fall ass backwards into a good diner I can't see a reason for going back.Great food and atmosphere. Donna was our waitress ( 12/28/18) she was one of the best waitresses I've ever had. 
She also was dealing with a table of gipsy A-holes 
who should be kicked out right about now 
If not I'll be checking in to make sure her work reputation stays in tact.This is my new favorite diner in the area. I went for breakfast yesterday and again for dinner today. The breakfast food was amazing and the portions were so big. The french toast is amazing. Coffee was excellent too. The diner has an early bird special that in UNBEATABLE. You get soup, the salad bar, an entree, desert, and drinks for around $10. The chicken and eggplant parm are to die for. You'll leave with leftovers for sure with so much food. Dione was also such a good friendly and accommodating waitress.Great early bird specials. Had the soup, salad bar, 2 veggies, broiled salmon, beverage & dessert for only 7.99. Salmon was delicious, the roasted potatoes were not hot, but waitress heated them and they were very good. Waitress was very nice! I like they include herbal teas with the special. Nice that one of the dessert options is no sugar added Moose Tracks aside from the usual pudding, jello or ice cream. There is cake of the day but it is Never good and usually they are out of it by 5:30. Parking is annoying but there is a guy watching the cars so it is safe to park on the side of the building. The decor is quite open and relaxed. Lots of nice booths and tables. Bathrooms are clean and their is an additional family bathroom for privacy. Overall it was a good dinner and a great price.This is a great diner . The waitresses are always friendly and we get great service and great food and dessert.TRASH!!!! Summed up in one word. Ordered on grub hub and got a turkey club that says it comes with French fries, cole slaw and a pickle. Well the order came and no French fries. I called and asked to speak to the manager and she says yes ( I don't even think she was the manager) and I told her what happened. She proceeds to tell me they are complimentary and some people get them and some don't. I say are you freakin kidding me?!?! Wtf then also says well sometimes there isn't any room to fit them in the container with the club. Um, how about another container Einstein! Never will we order from there again and I will tell every person I know not to eat there. On top of that my food was soggy and gross. Took everything in me not to drive there and throw that sandwich in someone's face. Can we just bring back the wawa??Sitting here around 3p. Menu had lunch specials with no times on it and it was a paper inside the regular menu. Ordered from that menu.
Waitress came back and said lunch specials ended at 3. No times on menu so asked her to check. The owners daughter is here and refused. 
Gave me menu to pick something else and showed her paper with no times. Went back to the daughter but she still refused
Guess she has no customer service background. Lose customers, bad reviews just for a not being nice.
Oh well, hopefully the owner will see thisUsually they have decent food, but past couple times I received delivery it was bad. My pancakes had large eggshells in the pancakes that I was crunching on, grossed me out so much I don't think ill be ordering from here again.I very rarely leave such a bad review but.... Came in and my boyfriend and I decided to sit at the counter for a quick dinner. Unfortunately our waitress Kristin had very dirty fingers and nails so I only ordered the salad bar. I then witnessed her wrap silverware by touching the tops of them before putting them in the napkin. Then I started wondering if she also touched the tops of mine. Then she touched money and then went straight back to touching the silverware. I lost my appetite and couldn't even finish my salad. I paid the bill at the counter and ordered two slices of cheesecake to go. The guy at the counter used hand sanitizer before getting my cake which was much appreciated.Today was my first experience here at the Ritz. If they had a bigger parking lot, I would have definitely gone for the full five star rating, the parking is my only criticism. Although the dinner was abundantly busy for 3:30 in the afternoon, we were greeted and seated immediately. Within seconds our server came over to take our drink order. She gave us a few minutes to peruse the menus although I knew ahead of time that I wanted to be taken back to simpler times when my Grandmom made the most delicious chicken croquettes, so that's what I went with, it came with soup, salad, dessert and a drink. My daughter had the Ruben Burger which also accompanied fries and soup. The food portions were large, the seasoning was good. The atmosphere was clean and pleasant. I would definitely recommend and eat here again.I have stopped in the ritz diner a few times after 12am and i must the service was excellent and the food was great! I definitely recommend to anyone looking for a late night meal! Especially when Dana and the manager Kristen are working!First time visit. Went on Saturday, wasn't crowded I will attribute to covid I guess 
first off ,ick ...dirty ladies room .no paper in one stall ,used toliet paper all over another stalls floor .Hand dryer didn't work ..Am I picky and overly critical ,no ..I used the ladies room twice ,before our meal ,and after ;a span of at least thirty minutes 
I was surprised at the size of the breakfast platters, lots of food good stuff, a side plate of hash browns, overflowing .
We were a party of four, two kids, two adults. I asked repeatedly for napkins, to supplement the four that were left at the table. I use more than 4 napkins I'm a slob,and we had the kids so ..... finally I just gave up and used the baby wipes that were in my purse. Shouldn't be that way
I ordered the matzo ball soup and it was delicious probably the best I've ever had in a diner. 
If we ever were to go back it would be  just for the soup....
The kids had standard kids meals, good stuff not outstanding but certainly they liked it ...
 it would have a higher rating here is someone cleaned up the bathroom ,slow day ,but even if it wasn't that should be cleaned up ....ughThis is a new diner that opened up where the Wawa used to be. I went to eat here with my parents and it was mostly a pleasant experience. It was very clean from what I could see. The only thing that I could foresee being an issue is the parking which was an issue for Wawa also. My daughter had chicken fingers which she enjoyed immensely. I had the chicken croquettes and it was delicious. I recommend you stop by and give them a try.