I have been waiting for this place to open up since Johnny Mac left his post at Pub and Kitchen to really jump start his Rival Brothers coffee campaign. That was a sad day indeed, but after tasting the fruit of his efforts getting Rival Bros started, I love this place. I first tasted Rival Bros coffee at High Street on Market, and it instantly became my favorite in the city. The variety of flavors that they offer and the strength and richness of the roasts are amazing.
I have been to the new spot a few times. I dont live particularly close to it, but I like to take a long walk on weekend mornings to grab a cup and a pastry provided by High Street. They are working hand in hand to provide really amazing products. Do yourself a favor and dont pass on a pastry if you go for a coffee. Ramp scones, chocolate croissants, rhubard bundt cakes, seriously this stuff is legit and pairs well with any coffee choice you make here.
I have had both the Papua New Guinea roast and the Kenyan roast, both Chemex style, and they were fantastic. Everything is done with such precision, it is truly an art form. This is one of if not the best coffee spots in the city. If you dig good coffee, you need to check it out.My Colombian friend told me about this place. Tried the iced latte. It was amazing.
Definitely will come back and check out the legendary nitro cold brew.Got an iced americano. It was great! And the baristas were very nice. Don't live near here but if I did I would make it my go-to neighborhood spotI'll give this place 5 stars.  It was a little shaky there for a while because my husband said one order taker had a burr up her ass every time he went in (he goes in a lot).  He usually doesn't make those comments because he doesn't pay attention to anything so I went in a couple times to sniff it out.  The chick or chicks who took my orders were always pleasant so they get 5 stars!  I think their coffee is good but my husband says he likes it better than La Va, La Colombe, Joe, etc.  Another 5 stars!!I love the daily bread toast!
It is unbelievable good!
Bread is fresh and tasty.
It is a little spot, very clean and nice!Solid cup of coffee, but nothing that unique to me- though I didn't get anything special.  MUST make it back to try the toasts- they look delicious.  There is not a lot of seated area inside, but if you strike it lucky and can snag a table, it's a nice spot to get some work done and free wifi.There are outside tables this time of year if you want to sip some coffee and watch the world go by or read a book.Randomly walked into this coffee shop and ordered a cappuccino. The total vibe of the coffee bar was really cozy. I would recommend it for people who wants to sit and relax and maybe read a book, or for students looking for a quiet place to study. The cappuccino was also really good.The space is small and there is little seating ( leaving less room for those who table hog to do work all day lol ) and the prices seem a bit high. Like really high actually. I mean 2.50$ for a macaron ? Really ?? And a tiny macaron at that oh boy ! 
Ok , now that I've said all that, this place is nice, the staff is very polite, my Americano came out very well ( but how hard could that be ) they did leave space without asking but that's not that big of a deal. My son LOVED the macaron, so much so that we had to abruptly leave our nice outdoor table to avoid a meltdown. I'd definitely go back again.We ducked in here after a hot day of walking around Philly. Cold brew coffee was on point, the place was small, but comfortable, and the aesthetics were awesome. Friendly guys behind the counter, shared a healthy sample of the nitro cold brew, very willing to chat about coffee (always appreciated). I had a slightly overpriced but very tasty cookie, and we liked everything enough to come back the next day for a nitro pour (amazing). Highly recommended.While I was sad to see the truck at Drexel go, the new cafe is excellent. While the limited seating makes things a bit cozy, the overall atmosphere of the cafe is a warm one. The hours of 7-7 are sure to please both early birds and late risers alike, and for the non-coffee drinkers, they offer tea and sodas as well. The chocolate and sea salt shortbread cookie is a must. WiFi is available; just ask for the password.Randomly walked into this coffee shop and ordered a cappuccino. The total vibe of the coffee bar was really cozy. I would recommend it for people who wants to sit and relax and maybe read a book, or for students looking for a quiet place to study. The cappuccino was also really good.I'm local to another fancy pants coffee shop, but had to stop in to check out the new guys. 
Solid cup of coffee, tasty artisanal shortbread cookie too. 
The atmosphere is sharp. Very sleek and sexy. Definitely not a cozy comfy joint where you can slouch about in your threadbare cozies; but who the hell does that anyway?! This isn't Central Perk! 
Kidding aside, Rival Bros. seems like a nice place to sit, and I'll be back to try some of their beautiful/unique breads toasted with some local fresh butter and hand crafted preserves- as the sweet man who made my coffee today suggested.Love the coffee but the place is to small. I been going for last 3 months sometimes  3 times a week. I walk out many times.  The people there will take 2 tables and sit all day without buying any thing  just to use the free WiFi. Just the other day the standup counter  was block with a bicycle. The patrons there are not considerate  of the limited  space. Other  than that best coffee in areaJust opened in Spring 2014. Make a great Americano as well as other specialty brews. Place could use some better food options. Usually has a very small set of pastry options that seem to be sold out by mid morning, and minimally appetizing or satisfying unless you just want a sugar rush. Good place to do work or catch up on some reading. Inside is a bit cozy and can be a little cramped when a small line builds.Went here for first time and was blown away by the incredibly cappuccino. Creamy, complex with a caramel finish. Everything a cappuccino should be. It'll be my go to place for cappuccino in Philly. Took a couple of bags of beans home. Next time I'll stay for breakfast.I'm a fan of Johnny and damien so I'm biased. I will say I've had some coffee I wasn't big on but that's just my own taste and not an indicator of quality. The inside looks beautiful and rivals ultimo for slickness. The wallpaper is subtle but dominating. It's minor but the shelves look like reclaimed old wood. That would be rad if so. The food is great but that's not a surprise as Johnny is a chef. Great service, great inside, great coffee, and a great location. Can't really ask for much more out of a shop. Glad to see it so busy, I want them to succeed.Rival Bros. is just one of those homey places.  Great cold brew and super nice staff.  If you are lucky, you can even enjoy their pop-up grilling outside and have some chorizo on a roll to accompany that nice coffee.  Enjoy!Well that was just lovely.
As soon as I heard that Rival Bros got their own brick and mortar, I knew I had to make my way over to check out the new digs.  This is such a cool little coffee shop.
Upon walking in I was excited by the bright, sun filled room, comfortable seats and several bean varieties to choose from with a Chemex preparation.  I tried the Honduras and it was very tasty and priced really well.
Will I be back?  Absolutely.  It's been too long since I've had some whistle and cuss and I like what they're doing at the new location.
Cheers.Perfect little coffee house in the city. Their coffee is delicious and the environment is very nice and clean as well. Nice place to be able to relax and work or to just catch up with a old friend. Fun fact: their chocolate for the mocha is UNSWEETENED... So you'll need to add sugar!Best coffee I've ever had, hands down. I used to work in a coffee shop and thought that mine was the best, but it's now second-best compared to Rival Bros, and I don't even sell it. Peanut butter toast is heavenly. I go out of my way to get it even though I could easily make a PB and toast at home, but the variety they serve here is divine: hot, gooey, dripping with honey and nut butter. I love sitting outside by the steps, but seating is limited. I don't mind - it feels like I'm sitting on my own porch. Much appreciated in the city. I usually get a cappuccino, but the black coffee is phenomenal on its own. I plan on coming back for ricotta toast if I could talk myself into ordering something other than the PB toast - maybe I'll just get both so I don't feel like I'm missing out.I tend to think $3 for a regular iced coffee is a bit pricey, but that seems to be the going rate in town these days. Rival Bros charges even more than that for an iced coffee which is kinda nuts. Unfortunately for me, their coffee is goddamn delicious. Possibly the best I've had in philly. I guess its economics 101 and if people will pay over $3 for a plain coffee, then you got a winner. 
The space is pretty cozy, though small, so finding a table can be tough at times. I have yet to try the baked goods, but they look tasty for sure.The place is really small but not usually very busy. The cappuccino was good, nothing I found special but really smooth which is all that matters. 
The sun-dried tomato and mozzarella sandwich was really good too! It was a bit salty but not bothersome. Definitely a must try!Took my wife on a coffee date here, it was fantastic. We got a couple cups of pourover, the toast of the day, and the everything croissant with goat cheese. Sat outside and enjoyed the view on the street, it was quite lovely.
The thing I loved most? Every bag of beans you buy comes with a free drink, and since we had already had our drinks, we were able to bring the receipt back the next time.Amazing coffee. Had an iced Americano that was very flavorful with the right amount of roast and bitterness. Brought home a bag of beans that are medium roast, full bodied. Brewed at home on the Chemex and some of the best I have tried recently. It's too bad they aren't open earlier, but they got me in and out in a minute and on my way to my interview at Penn.Had the peanut butter fig toast and latte. The toast was filling, and the latte was a little too foamy, but the atmosphere was nice to do work in.Great place. Great coffee, great pastries, nice staff, and beautiful. Highly, recommend this placeVery tasty Nitro here. The staff was very friendly and knowledgable about what they serve. They helped me figure out the best coffee for my cold brew. The spot is very nicely designed and comfortable, although students had take over the entire place and looked like they were not leaving anytime soon.Great service, great coffee, great location and atmosphere. A little pricey, but worth it. Well done. Try their honey gelato if it's available, you won't regret it.This is a cool neighborhood spot that's seeming to accomplish the coffee joint impossibility; expending and growing while keeping the small coffee joint feel.  The drip coffee is really good! They carry a limited food menu.  So far, I only tried the cubano but I say 'so far' because based on the flavors, I'd be willing to try more treats!The coffee is great.  The different toasts are great.  Obsessed with the apricot newtons.  I'll be sad if I ever move from the neighborhood, I've been spoiled living so close by!I'm so glad I discovered this coffee shop.  It's my favorite in Philly.  I get the brown sugar latte any time I walk by.I came here on a Saturday with a few friends to study and I really loved it!! I just got a regular coffee but what impressed me was how comfy this place felt. Even though I've never been here before, I felt a sense of calmness and serendipity while being here because due to a number factors including the interior design, the neighborhood (cute houses), the baked goods from hai street!!, their toasts, and the overall spring/flowery environment.. hehe it's definitely a nice to check out, grab coffee and a bite to eat even if you don't have time to sit down because I noticed in the morning from 10~12ish, there's constantly people coming in and a line to get stuff and by not yet noon, all the pastries are gone!! (: if you are a coffee shop lover like me, def. check it out!Every time I've gone I've had very friendly and talented baristas. They have a cool, relaxed atmosphere and unbelievable coffee. I am lucky they are right around the corner!Great coffee and treats, and a pretty chill location too.  Definitely worth picking something up on the way to work, or dropping in for a sit.  Plus, I left my black Zojirushi coffee mug in there one day and after like a week trying to figure out where I left it, I emailed these guys and they had saved it for me.  They stayed open late so I could pick it up.  Definitely going back here again.great drip coffee and sandwiches, but the space is a little small so it's hard to find seating sometimes. still a great place to study and get work done though!Went for the first time to work on my capstone. The coffee was delicious and the service was meh. Overall, it was comfortable and quiet enough to focus while still having background noise.Well balanced and delicious! Truly legit. Would absolutely come back here. Also enjoyed the neighborhood generally - very cute and relaxed.The location is great, the staff were really nice, the price was competitive, but my cappuccino wasn't that great. Really bitter on the first sip and after that initial bite, the taste just felt watered down. I was really hoping for something that tasted a bit more complex. Maybe my expectations were too high given all of the hype....Rival Bros. is a welcome addition to Fitler Square.  With Good Karma packed most always, RIval Bros. offers coffee and space.
The coffee tastes similar to La Colombe.  The kind that goes well with cigarettes.  But I'm not promoting smoking.
The owner puts as much energy into the service as he does his craft.  I like checking out.
One thing I HAVE to try is the cannoli danish.  Croissant  pastry filled with cannoli cream topped with a bourbon cherry and some fancy salt???  Bucket-listed to eat before I die.Great coffee! And their pastries are delicious as well. I always love going here on the weekends for my morning espresso. My only complaint is that I wish the shop were bigger so that more customers could hang out and enjoy the cool atmosphere.They must sprinkle crack on their Jersey tomato sandwich. I just inhaled one in 5 minutes. I am ashamed, but YOLO. I think the size of their iced cold brew is generous than most places. It is also strong and delicious (how I like my men, JKLOL). The employees are very friendly. Come here! But if you eat the last Jersey tomato sandwich, I will find you, and I will kill you (Liam Neeson voice).One of my favorite coffee shops in the city!  Wonderful baked goods from High Street on market, the staff is always friendly, and the coffee is excellent!!I love this place! Great coffee, atmosphere and staff. I also just tried one of their ice cream sandwiches from Weckerly's. Super super tasty. I love coming here to write and just chill. It is on the small side, but that's what makes it such a charming place to visit. Love the interior colors and fixtures. You rock, Rival Bros!My favorite place in the city for a well crafted coffee and a bite. Their baristas are amazing and coffee art exceptional. The attention to detail that goes into every cup is 5 star. The pastries are out of this world awesome. My favorite is the red eye with cappuccino breve.Rad place, great coffee, welcoming staff and the toast with jam is ballin'.
Check it out!Best east coast coffee, hands down. I love their almond milk latte but all of their drinks are phenomenal. They're always kind and quick yet they take their time if the shots aren't pulling right. And the A/C in the summer is amazing. Love this place.So...
I walked in and the guy at the counter smiled and greeted me with a "What's up" like we were homies.  Which made me smile right back and immediately I made this my coffee spot.  Lol.  It's a really cool laid back place.  Not one of those tea/coffee spots that's super quiet and when you walk in you feel like you're disturbing everyone there who's sitting in silence intensely reading, probably stressing about some exam or test.  People were vibing, writing, talking (but not too loud). And my tea was only 2 bucks.  
To top it off they play really good music and again not too loud.  When I need to read or just get out of the house I'll definitely be back.  Thanks Rival for creating this space.I've driven past this coffee spot for over a year and finally went in this weekend. It did not disappoint. The coffee is top notch. $2:50 for an Americano is pretty low for Downtown Philly prices. Their vibe is also super cool, they have merchandise for sale, and plenty of study space for a small coffee shop.You know the coffee here is great. Let me tell you about a pastry called a kouign amann. It just might change your life. Possibly the most perfect combination of sugar, butter and flour ever made. The best way i can describe it is that it's like a croissant with sugar in the dough and caramelized sugar on the outside, so it's crunchy on the outside but soft in the middle. I had never heard of it until I tried one on a whim a few weeks ago. My guess is that they are really time consuming to make and hard to do well. The ones at Rival Bros are from High Street on Market, which I will have to try now that I know the kind of wonderful secrets they might be hiding!Solid red eye --- will keep this on my list to revisit for some more caffeinated concoctions and baked good.To say that I was excited about the opening of this place is probably an understatement. After stalking the truck in West Philly whenever I could, this place is so much more convenient, and has great proximity to the dog park. The space is clean, bright, and modern with the same classic Rival Bros aesthetic. 
On my first stop by, I got my usual favorite brown sugar latte (iced this time!) and got some bread and jam (their only food option at this point besides some pastries). Their bread is from High St, so its homemade and delicious and it came with some crazy good jam. My friend and I snagged a table inside, which was definitely comfy, but maybe not great if you want to camp out and study for hours. The outdoor tables and chairs are a great addition. 
I made it over there again this morning and saw that they had a blueberry lemonade and I couldn't say no. It was everything I ever hoped it would be. I love supporting these guys and only wish I lived closer. Good luck in your new and amazing location!Great coffee and friendly workers. Little shop so harder to get a table if you're looking to do work but if get one you're set :)Coffee was amazing! Had a cold brew and a drip coffee. Also shared a chocolate croissant and a savory danish, which were delicioussss. I don't even know what the sauce on the danish was but it was great! Definitely will be back! 
Beware: If you are interested in sitting in the cafe, it may be a little difficult to score seats; the studious crowd seems to like to hang out here.
Pro Tip: There is a dog park nearby; you can take your coffee and pastry to go and dog-watch :)Rival Brothers is a really nice little shop on 24th and Lombard. We stopped in on Black Friday late in the day. The shop is smaller but has a decent amount of seating.
For me, Rival Brothers may even be better then La Colombe. I personally like the Whistle & Cuss. They had a nice selection of desserts also, but they were a bit pricey. Nice place and I will definitely be back.Yes! Finally a location for Rival Bros Coffee that's right near my house. Although I WAS trying to cut down on my caffeine intake, now that I have a reason to enjoy some seriously delicious brews I'll have to try to sip very slooooowly - which is so hard since their coffee is so tasty! Prices are completely reasonable and on par with what you pay elsewhere - plus they offer a bunch of pastries courtesy of High Street on Market that are super delicious, pair perfectly with their coffee drinks, and are completely worth the extra calories.
Staff are really friendly and helpful, and there are several tables and chairs inside this gorgeous, rustic-chic designed interior for anyone who wants to sit and relax or get work done while enjoying their treats.Had a delicious latte here and a friendly conversation with the two baristas. Nice dark, moderns lines in this place that makes it cool and intriguing. Will definitely be going back.Hands down my favorite coffee shop in Philly! Friendly baristas and amazing coffee. I'm in here at least once a week and the service is consistently great. The nitro iced coffee is amazing but pretty intense, I usually go with the delicious cold brew!Very good hand-poured rwandan coffee. I was visiting from out of town and asked a local buddy the best coffee in the city - he recommended this place and I happened to be a 5 minute walk away.
I can't speak for everything else, but as a coffee guy, that one cup I enjoyed was enough to make me want to visit this place every time I'm in town.Rival Bros. used to be my go-to spot for iced coffee. The iced coffee they had on their truck was unreal. I got several other friends hooked, and we were all so excited when a storefront was opening in our 'hood! Unfortunately, the iced coffee just isn't the same. I went a few weeks ago and was super bummed, and my friend who I got hooked on the truck just texted that she was sorely disappointed in the iced coffee as well. Please, Rival Bros., bring back the old iced coffee!!!My first time trying pro coffee and boy am I impressed. Got a Tanzania which is one of their specialty brews and the flavor is smooth and delicious with a hint of orange. The service is quick and friendly, and they seem really popular as a lot of people are here to buy their coffee. Next time I really want to try their nitro cold brew as this seems to be a popular item as well. 
The atmosphere is cozy and they have plugs for studying, which is excellent. Unfortunately, the trade off is that as it gets busy, there are not always enough seats, but that's to be expected I suppose.This place is super cute. They have everything you need to feel inspired to write a short novel on an afternoon or get dressed all hipster-y for the sake of feeling cool. Neither of those I have done yet but just saying. I totally want to whenever I stop by at Rival Bros. This cute ass coffee shop and their coffee is pretty magical I guess. 
Get the best macchiato ever! 
Or get the best cold brew ever! 
And get some delicious pastries while you're at it! (Fuck that diet, these are good.)
The only negative is that I live on the other side of town (put your hands up, Fairmount) and I can't go here as often as I'd like.the coffee is very good--I think Elixr and Menagerie are better, but it's absolutely still a top coffee shop.  But the ricotta toast?  OMG!  Incredible.  Don't miss it.Only a block from my place so that's a definite plus, but I'd love this place no matter what the location was.  The staff is always kind and helpful, and my iced or hot Americano is always full bodied without being bitter.  The daily bread is so damn good I don't even feel like a description does it justice, it's from High Street and it's thick, moist, crispy, salty, unlike anything I've ever tasted, accompanied by it's own little jar of jam (they flavors change) you really can't go wrong.  I love stopping in here for a Weckerly's ice cream sandwich in the afternoons as well, they are a great local ice cream company.
They decor is hip and minimalist without feeling overly trendy or cold.  I like to bring my computer and work at Rival for a couple of hours. There are several tables with close outlets to set your computer up at, though it's a small shop and often every work space is filled up. 
Even if it's not in your area a trip to Rival is definitely worth it!Really great coffee. Awesome atmosphere and nice employees. I've been wanting to try this place out and it was definitely worth the wait!I don't live in the area, but I came here because I had heard very good things about Rival Bros. I really like the look of this place, and I feel like it has its own unique vibe! A white and blue color scheme that is simple and clean. Kinda modern but also very cozy. These guys know what they're doing! I got an americano, which was excellent with lots of flavor, and a nice velvety crema on top, superb! I also got the blueberry bunt cake, which was awesome! But! Let me tell you people... I got just one word for you... TOAST! Yes people, toast! They have this homemade potato bread, and they slice it real thick, and then they put this country butter on top, and sprinkle sea salt on top plus a side of preserves! Devine!!! Check out the pick!2 Divas' Journey recently tried out Rival Brothers! It was recommended to us by a friend  and we are so happy we tried them out!!! I have to say some of the best coffee I've ever tasted along with their  amazing, moist GLUTEN Free date bread/cake!!! I drink black coffee so I know when a cup of joe is bitter but this was as smooth as it gets!!!
The neighborhood it's located in is close to Filter Square and a cute surrounding neighborhood. This place became packed with frequent visitors on a late Sunday morning!!! People outside with their dogs, a small seating area in and outside. 
Go their if you are in the area, the guys their are nice and fun and the coffee and food amazing!Excellent latte, tasty baked goods and friendly staff. Small but cozy interior with a relaxing vibe. Right by Fitler Square Park. One of the best coffeehouses in Center City!Finally, I'm getting around to writing this review. As the 5 star rating suggests... this is as good as it gets for an establishment and it surpasses the high bar set for great cafés these days- solid wifi, great seating, good music, polite and sincere ambience and above all a really talented team behind the counter running the show. You will not be disappointed by any of the espresso. Promise. If I'm wrong you can send me a shitty tweet or something, but I'm not wrong. Just don't burn your tongue and you're in the clear.
I started coming to the café to grab decaf (yeah guys, caffeine can mess with your brain) coffees every weekend and I quickly became homies with the amiable/kickass crew... which seems to be the norm here as everyone seems to be known-of, if not- a friend. I find this to be the one aspect that can and does set a café apart from any other 'normal' or 'good' place. You start to feel welcome and slightly excited to come back.
For seating - there are 6 tables which seat 2 people each, a counter which suits 3-4 people max and a small bench for couples or 3 close friends. It's almost always at 60-75% capacity with people moving through and I don't normally point this out but the bathroom is 
I also want to point out that I came to Rival Bros during a big blizzard here in Philadelphia and they had their doors open (not literally), fueling the entire block of Fitler Square, and happily doing so in the process.
Oh the food is dope too apparently although I can't eat any of it besides the macaroons (celiac).
If you're in the area, slap some cash on the counter and buy a cup of coffee from this place. You'll be happy to have done so.Delicious coffee for the best price in the city: $1.75/cup & $1 refills. The iced coffee is also the best I've ever had and I don't even like iced coffee. Also, good bread. 
Room for improvement in the music department. I must've heard the same song five or six times in the half hour I was there. Mix it up, please!Ok, so I tried this place on a Saturday morning apparently it wasn't early enough bc all inside tables were full & it was not warm enough for me to sit outside :( so I decided to buy a pastry to go. I decided on the kouign amann, their pastries come from High Street Bakery. All I can say is WOW it was simply amazing. 
I can't wait to return and try their coffee items. I love the look of this place the inside is bright with big windows, cozy brench like seating against the wall and a small outdoor seating area for ppl watching. I'll update my review once I try the coffeeThis coffee is amazing. Great modern sleek atmosphere with nice windows. Very friendly workers inside and usually pretty crowded at peak times. 
Good spot to come for a quick cup or to chill out and enjoy a pastry as well.Get the brown sugar latte for a sweet treat! It's sweetened just the right amountI LOVE rival bros! I live a few blocks away and come here often to study with a cup of their delicious iced coffee/iced latte. There are only about 5 tables, enough seating for ~12 people, but I never fail to get lucky with a spot! The baristas are all super friendly and helpful with suggestions/explanations for coffee noobs (like me), and the bathroom is seriously awesome. I'll definitely be back and maybe try a baked good one of these days..So my mission in college with my bff was to find the best coffee shop in Philly. Finally we nailed it. Their latte is unbeatable. It's in a gorgeous neighborhood, walking distance from us. There's never any seating but we go to the dog park nearby instead for sips :)Cutest corner coffee shop! 
One of my closest friends is a coffee snob and found this place while visiting me here in Philly! I'm so glad he did because I loooove the coffee they roast here! So goooood. I just bought a bag of La Acostena from Costa Rica and it makes me so happy every morning. It has a great balance of bitter, tart, and sweet! 
The pastries they get from High Street on Market are bomb.com as well. I had an herb scone that was unlike any other scone. It was soft, fluffy and so flavorful. I want a savory scone every time now. 
Only downside is that it is very small so if you come at the wrong time, there won't be any seats available! That's okay because this neighborhood is supaaa cute and you can just take a nice stroll with your coffee instead :)Situated in Fitler Square, this coffee joint is a great part of the neighborhood. Having about six tables, this place is small for sure - but the ambiance is nice and is a perfect place for getting work done. I got the cold brew, which was cold, creamy, and potent, and had a late lunch of the peanut butter and fig toast. The warm bread is sourced from High St. on Market Bakery, and is thick and delicious. It was covered with peanut and sprinked with honey and sea salt. The only want is that I wish they added more figs (there were only three per piece). 
It's a great small coffee shop and is a fun place to hang out. Be warned though, it's a great place for working, but not so much catching up with friends (tends to be a little on the quiet side of things).best coffee in the area. a bit crowded though. bread from high st on market is excellentAmazing coffee, friendly staff that are not at all condescending (even if you are a total coffee neophyte like myself). It's a great neighborhood spot that collaborates with local vendors to bring top notch pastries, sandwiches, and ice cream. Perfect for newbies and coffee aficionados alike.I love independent coffee shops. So good my daughter and I returned for a second cup each!So my mission in college with my bff was to find the best coffee shop in Philly. Finally we nailed it. Their latte is unbeatable. It's in a gorgeous neighborhood, walking distance from us. There's never any seating but we go to the dog park nearby instead for sips :)Great ambience.  Love the old architectural features. This morning it was nicely quiet and made for a great place to meet a friend for conversation over coffee.  My latte was yummy.  Only negative was the service... perhaps the server and barista have been told not to smile... but I think a friendly face and a welcoming smile can go a very long way in creating a pleasant environment.This place is great because it not only has great coffee/food, but its atmosphere has something for everyone. There's a few 2-seater tables that can be combined if you're looking to sit with some friends. There's a bunch of bar-style seats by the window that look out onto the street. There's a U-shaped bench with a center coffee table for those who want to just relax. There's a high-top shared table too. And a few outdoor seats for those nice days in the city.
I usually come here to sip a cappachino and read a book. If I get hungry I typically get the peanut butter toast-- it is honestly a meal. Melted peanut butter, topped with figs, spread on a super thick, large piece of locally baked bread.
Only thing that is a bit annoying is outlets are not plentiful here-- the wifi is solid, but bring your laptop fully charged if you're going to hunker down to get things done.Delicious cappuccino, I need to come back to try the rest of the menu (pastries and lunch sandwiches). Very cute interior but with limited seating.I've hear good things, but...
I've heard good things about the food and beverage. But I rarely see people in there.
This place needs visibility and light.
Someone told me there's a new coffee shop in the 'hood, and I went looking for it. I walked right by it several times before I could find it. An awning or a beautiful hanging sign would really help.
The interior is beautiful, but dark and brooding. The space probably works better at night, but it is a bit "cave-ish" for day time. Some supplementary lights for the day would help.
This would be an awesome location for sidewalk seating.Original post is below. I'm updating to four stars because I usually love the music (Mariah Carey's greatest hits at 9am? Yes please!!) and the croissants have grown on me. The espresso is solid, and the peanut butter toast is great. It's my new Go-To!!
Original:I like this place a lot. The coffee/espresso is yum and the pastries are delish... except for the croissants. Rival's croissants used to be amazing but they have changed suppliers and the new ones taste like styrofoam. (I'm talking about the plain ones only). This is very sad for me, as I'm a girl who loves her croissants. Please go back to the old supplier, Rival Bros!! Internet connection is not the best, but it does exist. When Rival first opened, it was a strong five stars but given the new and terrible croissants, it's down to three... I still like the coffee though and will be back.Consistently terrific--creamy, sweet--lattes and cappuccinos. At other coffee shops the quality varies by the barista but here no matter who's making it it's awesome. Love that they have the New York Times. Beautiful space. Only two outlets in the whole place though. Food is terrific--fresh baked goods, super high quality. Bread from High Street on Market.
Update: Please bring back the apricot newtons!!Beautiful, dark, moody decor, but the wifi so super spotty there despite being free. Please improve the wifi. :(Very roomy, nice decor. Metallica album at 9:30am was too much. Also, needs a diaper changing station in the bathroom.Nice place to take a short break and good coffee. Wish they have more selections of pastries. All pastries we took were excellent; flavorful, tasty and importantly not too sweet.Stopped for a quick sandwich. Very limited menu, but oh, boy, what an awesome sandwich!  I had the Cubano (only real sandwich on the menu). Perfectly grilled, nicely seasoned. Only thing missing (for the price tag) was a bit of salad or chips.  My husband's mocha wasn't as great in the coffee category (not strong enough or hot enough) but a good effort and the lack of punch might just be reflective of local preferences (we are from out of town).Been drinking coffee at Rival since they had a truck at Drexel. High quality coffee and cool owners. The iced coffee will go straight to your chest.As a big fan of their Fitler Square location, I was excited to learn about this new location! It has a lot more space and is nicely designed offering a great vibe. Perfect setting for some light studying/working or catching up with friends. The coffee is just as good and a visit is never complete without their Daily Bread from High Street Market.Great coffee shop in Center City.  It has a good coffee and tea variety.  The space is open and clean.  The staff was friendly and patient.  There's also 2 areas (one center table) and one set of tables along a wall that have very long power strips tucked away which make it great for working.  Definitely recommend their rooibos tea.This place is great! The physical space is great - with high ceilings, large spaces, and incredible aesthetic. There is a lack of outlets though (only the long middle table has some), and the space doesn't have a crazy amount of seating. Rival Bros make great cappuccinos and it was great to work here with a cup. I will say though that I needed to use my headphones because the rock music was loud and pretty imposing.They have really good coffee, but $4 cold brew? Starbucks isn't even that expensive for a 16oz. The interior is beautiful, and the guys who work here are great. I accidentally came in 5 minutes before closing because I lost track of time, and they still made me coffee! Anywhere else probably would've turned me away (in fact one place I won't name did that to me 20 minutes before closing).Good coffee, horrible WiFi (won't even load my work sites or email but Facebook and twitter work fine) 
Pastries are good tooI usually like this place. Beautiful large space and rarely crowded. Good location. The internet connection usually works great, which is often a problem with other places. In warmer weather there are tables outside.
I hate the music. Sometimes it's hard to ignore it. Noise cancelling headphones would be a good idea, but then what's the point of going? Maybe that's why it's not crowded.
They actually compost their coffee grinds and other organics. They don't promote this -- but that alone should give them 10 stars, especially since few people do anything that progressive in Philadelphia.Sweet lord baby Jesus this is the best toast I've ever eaten. I live in LA, and in Philly on business. This will be my new fave coffee in town. Super affordable for hug quality everything, cool atmosphere, good music and did I mention Sweet lord baby Jesus this TOAST?(Rival Bros on Spruce)
Original tiny tile floors, a million ft. tall ceilings, and a sleek/dark/cool/airy atmosphere. I would describe the vibe as one that would be playing an old XX album in the background, and by this, I mean perfect. This is one of the coffee shops in Philly that I can really get some work done! For drinks, I either get a cappuccino or a rooibos tea. Both are fantastic! I also enjoy the peanut butter toast--IT IS FILLING, so depending on how hungry you're feeling, this is good to split with someone. Overall, I love this place and I will continue to come here for some of my favorite coffee!Rival Bros packs a punch on the atmosphere front with its high ceilings, and dark, cozy interior. The noise level makes it a perfect spot for focused work or quiet conversation. The coffee from this local roaster is some of the best in the city in my opinion, and their are ample drip, pour over and espresso options. The one issue I've had with this cafe though is the service, which continues to disappoint in terms of providing a welcoming and engaging vibe. As an avid home brewer, I enjoy learning more about different roasters or the coffees a cafe is currently stocking, but have found it difficult to do so here. If you're looking for a great cup of coffee and unique cafe atmosphere though, definitely check Rival Bros out!This location is really beautiful and probably one of nicer coffee shop spaces in the city. It is located in the Touraine apartment building just down Spruce from the Kimmel center. Rival Brothers is a great oasis to escape the hustle and bustle of the city.
I also like Rival Brothers coffee. They have a few limited food options also. Cool place!My current favorite coffee spot in Philly. Great ambiance and very friendly staff. 
Nitro cold brew is smooth and delicious. Also try their pastries and sandwiches. 
Good place to get some work done in a relaxing environmentI've been a fan of Rival Bros. coffee beans for a while now, having discovered them at a local coffee shop a few months back. Their cold brew, with its chocolatey undertones, is my favorite version of the drink, and in general, their coffee has a lovely, more grounded and earthy flavor that differentiates it from other Philly coffee shops.
I've made it to the Lombard location a few times, which has a nice selection of pastries but is a very small and somewhat sparse space. The new location on Spruce is spacious and has a really dark and rich aesthetic including beautiful mirrored light fixtures that are apparently a modern take on 1890s lighting, original tiling, and burgundy leather accents. The whole vibe of the place really seems in line with the type of coffee that they want to serve and I have to say, enjoying our coffee onsite really added to the experience. There is a good amount of seating, and definitely room to add a few more tables if they choose to do so.
Given the size of the place, I was surprised that their food menu was more limited than at Lombard. At the moment, they offer some croissants, cookies, and either bread with butter and jam or bread with peanut butter (sourced from High Street). However, they have a panini press and ample counter space, so I think in the future, they may start fleshing out the food offerings.
Service is already up and running at full speed and our lattes were awesome in taste and appearance. The new Rival Bros. location is also one of the most visually impressive coffee shops I've seen in a while - I highly enjoyed sitting with my coffee and just taking in every single detail. I look forward to returning to see how this place - and the Rival Bros. brand - grows.This is easily one of the best coffee shops in Philly. They have two locations - one on 16th and Spruce, the other in Fitler Square.
Rival Bros is an roasts their own beans daily and provides a mix of blends and single origin via Chemex or Espresso.
Don't miss the "City Wide Special" - a single shot of espresso and cup of drip for $3.00 all day every dayRival Bros is one of my most favorite coffee shops . I frequent the Fitler Square location . Now, its great to have another option in this new midtown I guess it is , location . My absolute drink of pleasure is the Cafe con leche , and the fresh bread never disappoints. Really cute location , and great coffee with friendly service . Caffeinated LIfe is good !Great coffee, great service, lovely space. This also had alternatives to dairy. Guys behind the counter were very nice!Really friendly service and overall a great vibe. Streatforward coffee shop, with all the classics you'd want to order. Not much variety or "specialty" drinks -- if you're craving a custom latte, etc, but if you're looking for a solid cup of coffee and place to hang, it's a great spot!After seeing Craig LaBan's Instagram post of a coffee and Machine Shop everything croissant at Rival Bros, food envy drove me to check it out the next day. I liked the food/drink options and the overall vibe, but the cafe was so cold, I had to leave quickly. I'll be back in the springtime...hopefully Punxsutawney Phil was right and that will be soon.I had a croissant. It was good. So was my latte. But the customer service was pretty bad. Said hello and got no response. Said thank you for the drink when it was given to me, and also got no response. I won't be backI really loved it here!  The ambiance was lovely, and it was surprisingly chill for a rainy Saturday morning.  We were in town from Buffalo and we had visited several coffee shops and this was by far my favorite.  I had a latte and a delicious croissant and a macaroon.  The service was great and everyone was really friendly.  I even bought a bag to to take home.  My boyfriend enjoyed a cold brew, and it was just so relaxing inside.  The prices were fair and I also appreciated the wifi!  I am looking forward to coming back again!I was looking forward to trying their coffee especially the one called REVOLVER. It had a flavor profile I was drawn to in the description online. However, when I got there they were only serving one coffee at a time. Since that was not the flavor being served they wouldn't make any until the other was gone. 
I was meeting someone there so I stayed. I ended up getting a MOCHA, but was really disappointed. Cute spot very cozy. Staff not as friendly as they could be.I came on a Sunday afternoon around 1pm to study. It is a beautiful coffee shop with a decent amount of seating that was not too packed during my stay. 
I got a regular coffee that was very good (though mind you I am not much of a coffee connoisseur and typically drink Starbucks), but this was better than Starbucks in my opinion. I sat for a few hours to study and was able to charge my laptop on the outlet strip at the long table. 
Overall, this is a great coffee shop that provides a nice place to study. I will be back to do some more reading and enjoy their coffee.I had a regular small coffee and a peanut butter & figs toast. Everything was very tasty - fresh good quality coffee and juicy slices of warm delicious bread covered generously with peanut butter and topped with some figs, a drizzle of syrup and sea salt. It was a filling tasty meal. I have a big appetite and could not finish the toast, so recommend to those who come here pretty hungry. The only reason I give this 4 starts is the price point - $6 for a pb toast seemed a bit steep, however the quality and portion size was very generous, so at the end it was worth it!I normally go to the rival bros on 24th and Lombard but this was a nice change. Very spacious but not a lot of seating especially when it's crowded. Coffee was good, nice to hangout on a cold day.So many good coffee shops to chose from in the city. My first visit here will not be my last. My wife and I had skinny cappuccinos and we both loved the smooth coffee flavor and density of the foam. A nice little design helped with the wonderful presentation. Smallish joint with seating for maybe 25. Clean restroom. Friendly service.The coffee is overpriced. No wonder they only have locations in Rittenhouse. They wouldn't survive anywhere else. 
16oz cold brew is $4 (the only one in the area that doesn't charge $3 for 16oz). 12oz nitro cold brew is $4.25 (yes, in fact, beer is cheaper per ounce). Both are decent, a little harsh on the tongue for being cold brew. 
The rich customers are annoying. One woman who came in after me literally came up to the counter next to me as I was paying and kept inching closer to me in a "pay attention to me" way. Wait your turn, lady. The same thing happened at the trash/recycling (different person). Extra points for actually recycling unlike pretty much every other "fancy" coffee shop. 
The baristas are great. One time I came in 5 minutes before close and they still served me! 
The building is beautiful, so I guess that's cool. I'll stick with Double Knot. You get more for cheaper, and it's better.Decent coffee shop. Love the aesthetics - iced chai latte is a little too watery, but the macarons taste fantastic. Only decent lighting is near the windowsill but overall love the vibes. Was able to concentrate on working pretty despite the loud music.Super annoyed with this coffee company today. Was walking my dog and walked inside to grab a coffee TO GO and was denied service because I brought my dog inside. It's freezing cold out today and I literally was going to be here for less than a moment. I understand the rules of dogs not allowed in food service environments, but there are other coffee shops that allow dogs inside for a moment (Go to Good Karma or anywhere else for that matter). Poorly done Rival Bros. You lost my service permanently.Great location and good places to lock your bike up. Coffee is decent. The tables are good for working on a laptop or chatting w someone. The only reason it doesn't get 5 stars is they could use some more outlets for working and the music was a bit too loud. I should be able to listen to music and not be bothered by what's playing IMHO. Overall, a good choice to grab coffee.Beautiful, beautiful location, and EXCELLENT cappuccino. And I drink a lot of capps. 
Also the seating was very nice. I grabbed a stool by the window, and it was the comfiest stool I've ever sat on. That may sound silly, but it enhanced the overall experience. 
Great job, Rival Bros!Love the vibe, like a hip old bank. Friendly staff, super good coffee, and tasty cookies. Nothing to complain about. Just an adorable cool local cafe. I'll be back many times@Very welcoming staff, espresso drinks done to perfection, nice tea selection, and interesting pastry selection. I love the big open space and high ceilings. Stay a while...read the paper, meet someone new, or just relax. This is a great neighborhood joint.My husband and I stopped in for a latte this morning while visiting the city. There's not too much seating, but we got lucky when a corner seat opened up. It was a perfect spot to relax and reply to a few emails.
The coffee was fantastic and the setting was beautiful!One of the cutest coffeeshops in the Rittenhouse Square area! Out of all the famous Philadelphia coffee roasters, I think Rival Bros is my favorite. Their coffee blows La Colombe out of the water, in my humble opinion. The pastries are from High Street on Market, so also reliably delicious. There's always seating available, indoors and outdoors. Free wifi is available, but unfortunately, there are no outlets, which makes it less than ideal for working for long periods of time. Otherwise, it's a great place to grab a strong cup of cold brew and curl up with a book or catch up with a friend!If you hate Starbucks-like coffeeshops, this place is right for you. Good vibe for students or anyone who needs to work. Super friendly (and sexy) staffsThis is one of my favorite local coffee shops. The physical space is beautiful, high ceilings in the first floor of the beautiful Touraine building. 
There are usually places to sit and do work, however the music is often too loud for reading. Bold, flavorful coffee that is never disappointing. 
They have delicious peanut butter bread here that is served warm and can fill you up for a meal. The staff are quick and courteous. I never have waited long for food or drink.
Downside? The prices are high compared to a few other coffee shops within two blocks.Stopped in to meet with a friend on a cold January afternoon. I had already had four cups of coffee and needed to decaffeinate. But I still wanted something hot. 
I am not a fan of most teas but Lori, the barista on duty, was so helpful in directing me to just what I was craving. A not-too-fruity pomegranate tea with a spot of honey. Perfect! I even had a second cup.
Lori recommended to F a black tea and delicious carrot cake. 
Everything was just what the doctor ordered.When I have a spare minute, I love sampling local coffee shops to try and find a new great weekend work/reading space. 
Rival Bros will not be that place for me. The space itself is not comfortable at all, with no cozy seating options, and it's rather dim. It is gorgeous, but does not suit to my personal tastes. 
The food menu is interesting. I ordered a ricotta toast with honey, orange zest, and pistachio. When I ordered, they were out of ricotta and someone was currently out on a grocery store run, so the wait was longer than it should have been. The toast itself was enjoyable with a heaping pile of ricotta, sweetened with honey, and a salty crunch from the pistachios. 
Rival Bros is a good place to grab a coffee and head on your way, but I wouldn't recommend it for hole-ing up with a good book.I just stopped into Rival Brothers for the first time and what a treat.  The space is beautiful marrying turn of the 20th century architectural details with modern lighting and comfort.  The gentleman behind the counter was friendly and helpful, taking the time to explain the different types of coffees and brewing to me since I had no clue.  
I decided on the Ethiopian Chemex.  The coffee was made with care and you could taste every flavor and note.  It was also fascinating watching the preparation of this hand poured brew.
I also wanted try one of their scrumptious sounding toasts.  I got the ricotta which was piled high with ricotta, raisins, pistachios and honey.  The toast was thick enough that I could pick it up to eat without any sloppiness.  It tastes as delicious as it sounds.  Next time I go in I am going to try the peanut butter toast since it was a hard choice to make and the ricotta is so good I want to see what the peanut butter tastes like.
All in all the food and coffee preparation took about 4 minutes during which time I enjoyed a friendly conversation with the young man behind the counter.
I really love this shop and will definitely be back it was a wonderful all around experience.Healthcare workers rejoice! And others who head to work before 630am....finally a good coffee place (sorry Dunkin and Starbucks) that's open in the wee hours. This place is GORGEOUS. The photos don't do it justice. While I am happy to visit at 6am I also can't wait to go here and sit down to enjoy the space with a friend. Ample space and seating with beautiful decor, same edgy vibes as it's original 2400 Lombard location. 
I do have one small complaint. I hate when you can only get 2 or 4 shots. I need 3. Another great area coffee shop with the initials LC happens to offer me 3....just sayin. I also found my latte to become cold a touch too fast. I am Looking forward to returning!Love the location and ambience, it does smell kind of musty but maybe they are going for that feel.
I I am not a fan of their coffee and  prefer La Colombo to Rival Bros.
In terms of food they have pastries to offer which are pretty standard and not the freshest. 
Maybe I just need to try another time.Nice place to grab a quick cup of coffee. Quite, simple, typical coffee shop. Nothing over the top enviorment and coffee taste wise.This is my favorite espresso in the center city area. Whenever I visited Philadelphiaxi make it a point to stop in. Great flavor and consistently delicious.This is probably the best place to have a chill moment in Philly. You can have a warm coffee. All is delicious. The area is calm, quiet and modern.Where to even begin. The coffee? The staff? The ambiance? Hands down the best coffee shop in Philly. Silky smooth espresso, you will not find any bitterness here. The staff is always so professional, friendly, and inviting.The service was very friendly yet I was overly excited to try the place so maybe that's why It didn't hit the spot. 
The artsy, hipster vibe is in full swing and I love it. 
I ordered a black coffee, filled to the rim which made it difficult to get to the table. The brew was a bit too acidic for my taste without but of a deep flavor to it. Hubby ordered the sunshine green teas and seemed content with it. 
Peanut butter Toast: a heavy spread of PB with a drizzle of honey and sparsely places dried figs. The bread was fresh, the PB a little thick for my taste and I was hoping for fresh figs but that's the Cali-Girl in me. All in all it was yummy. 
Daily toast: fresh baked bread with butter and jam is always heavenly, no matter how you look at it.This is my favorite coffee spot in the city. Specifically this location for the people, but all of them have great coffee. The baristas always seem to be enjoying themselves or at the very least not hating life. The coffee is super tasty, and I usually take some for home use in my moka pot. They have alternative milks and a fun summer drink menu atm. The seating is cozy but minimal, during peak hours you may not find a seat. Music is always on point. One barista is super hot. All are very nice.Despite multiple instances of polite feedback, they insist on putting their hands on teabags and pasties without washing them first or using hand sanitizer, right after they've touched the cash register. So gross. And there's a couple of guys who work there and just have no customer service skills, are plain rude to everyone.When this place first opened and no one quite realized it was there it was terrific. Clean, spacious, and with nice coffee in different forms. Oat milk options and baristas who knew their stuff. 
Since then, unfortunately, popularity has sunk the place quite a bit. The staff is still there to help you, and usually have this detached but friendly enough demeanor. But the place itself has gone the way of so many like it (including Plenty next door) where it's just invaded by college/grad students on laptops who sit there all day. And so nowhere to sit makes a coffee joint a lot less appealing. 
I'm not sure what solutions to this there are if any, but the whole environment is dragged down by crowding, and the space itself is more grungy as a result. 
One doesn't want to penalize a place for success, and I suppose they can't kick people or even place a gentle sign that says "others may be waiting to sit so please be aware of the time you're spending at this table" or something. No, maybe that doesn't work, either. 
And so five stars for the place itself, but three for the experience.Came on a Saturday morning to do some reading.  I was pleasantly greeted by one of the baristas.  I ordered the soy iced latte and it was quite enjoyable.  This place is cozy with open space, but not a ton of seats.  The lighting is a little dim, but I didn't mind.  I would come back here.You know when you walk into a party and you know most of the people there are friends with your ex who trash talks you behind your back? That is how this place makes you feel. 
Let me explain.
I went in for a cup of coffee and some peanut butter toast on a cold day. The coffee came out fast enough (it came from a dispenser, after all), but the toast took 28 minutes (yes, I counted). Now, it would be one thing if they had an equipment malfunction or were short staffed, but that was not the case at all. In fact, they were so overstaffed that both baristas felt the need to strike up a conversation for 18 min of the 28 min I was waiting with a friend of theirs who wasn't working. It's like when you walk into that party and you feel compelled to say hi, but you're totally being ignored, and they know you feel uncomfortable.
Me being antisocial, I waited a few more min before I went over to check on where my food was. Then here's the kicker. The barista who had poured my coffee from a dispenser with the air of someone who was curing cancer, kept up the conversation with her friend, so I had to do that super awkward 'ahem' cough thing, after which I asked her very politely if I could have my order to go. This person gave me the dirtiest look and literally threw the toast in a box, enough so that the honey splattered all over the cardboard. It was like holding onto a sticky glue trap (albeit one that contains delicious toast), and I almost felt like asking if she was dating my ex bc she was so unreasonably rude.
Two stars bc the wifi is good.My co-worker told me about this coffeehouse. I walked on my lunch hour and finally found it. Cute, rustic look inside. Basic espresso and pastries and sandwiches. I also saw some vegan options.  I ordered my usual Caffe Americano and it was delicious. Espresso was smooth, rich and dark. They did not water it down thankfully. Employees were nice and knowledgeable. They sell beans. This was worth the walk. I shall return.Long time fam of Rival Bros, they have a lot of nice locations around the city and are one of the best local coffee chains we have in Philadelphia. 
Their Spruce st location is super beautiful too, definitely the kind of place to hangout in the morning while catching up on emails, or a great date spot. 
I had a little bit of everything last time I was there. Expresso and coffee are always on point, and their bread of the day (Maybe of the week) was more than I was expecting, it was awesome! It helped bring me right back to life after a late night out, and ready to work. 
Will definitely continue to visit here weekly when on showings in the area!Lost a star for imposing loud, rather hard rock music clearly intended to help the workers get through their day on their customers! Most people have earbuds! Totally unnecessary! Management should limit the volume and perhaps impose music choices on the establishment, as it is totally hit or miss at all their locations. 
Having put that out of my system, the coffee and baked goods are still very good, I must say.This is the second location of Rival Bros. (with a third on the way), and it is immediately one of my favorite coffee shops in all of Philadelphia. 
When you first walk in, you'll be impressed with the spaciousness. The dark colors, tall ceilings, and few tables all contribute to making the space feel uncramped (which was one of my few complaints of the original Rival Bros. on Lombard Street). 
The coffee is, as you'd expect, extremely high quality, and the baristas are very skilled. 
Rival Bros. isn't exactly the best place to go and write a long paper or do a lot of work, since there are few actual personal tables and instead high communal tables with stools, and few outlets. But, I don't think Rival Bros. really intends this to be that kind of place. 
Still, I can't help but say I'll come here regularly now. The quality and atmosphere are just too nice to ignore. Next visit, I'll try some of their really good looking snacks (including fancy toasts from bread made at the great High Street on Market).Happened upon this coffee shop on my way to work, bought an iced coffee and a polenta walnut pastry, the price was $9 which is too much. They sell  "daily bread" or apiece of toast with jam for $4! 
The coffee was fine but who has $10 to spend on iced coffee. The space is really big and quiet seems like aLoud as a bar, metal music. Decent coffee but an unworkable atmosphere, at least for me.Saw this place walking to church(were from out of town) and had to stop by on our way back. 
Great ambience, great coffee, great staff. 
Hubs tried the derringer and loved it. 
I tried the drip... I don't know why I walked out of there without buying some of this coffee!!! I will miss it until I can go back again! 
Bookmarked!!Rival Bros coffee has grown on me. On my first visit here, I wasn't overly impressed, but as I've come back, I've started to really like rival bros. They are quick with orders, always friendly, and the everything croissants with goat cheese are delicious!!!!! The space is also a huge plus. I would come here to study, catch up on work, or even just read a book. The lighting is a bit on the darker side for me, but not terrible. It's quite spacious and although a bit too open for my liking, seating here is readily available. In the summer time, they even have a few seats outside. I would definitely recommend rival bros to a friend and will be back very soon!In an area of the city where coffee shops & cafes are on every other block there needs to be something that stands out about a place. For this location of Rival Bros Coffee it's the actual cafe that's different. Marble and tile everywhere and super tall ceilings give it a very different vibe. It doesn't have quite as intimate of a feel. The seats aren't super comfortable so it makes me feel like it'd be a place for a professional meet-up rather than a cozy curl up with a book and cup of coffee. The coffee isn't bad at all, but I wasn't overly impressed either.This is the cute, study-friendly, delicious coffee shop you've been looking for. Came here on a rainy day for a quick warm drink to go. If I had the time I would have drank my oat milk latte there while watching the thunderstorm. It's definitely a $$$, which is the only down-side.