Make sure you make your reservation, they charge 30 a head even if you call ahead... we made the res 2 weeks ago and I got sick 3 days ago.. we decided that an hour and a half is plenty of time for them to fill a 2 top table... I'm definitely never going here and will never give this place as a recommendationSmall venue in the former Izumi location.  The interior has been nicely redone.  Wanted to try a tasting menu but they don't have that available yet.  Ordered the bread dumplings, Dutch baby, blistered beans, Jacob's mushroom, a caviar dish, scallops and chicken.  All the dishes were nicely executed and seasoned well (some were slightly on the salty side but not overwhelming).  The chicken was great.  It's very simply seasoned and cooked but the exterior has a nice crispy texture and the meat was still very moist.  I will say that it might be one of the smallest chickens I have ever seen before.  It's about half the size of a normal chicken but bigger than a Cornish hen.  The pricing is fair (but can add up quickly since they recommend a couple of the smaller dishes along with the entree)  and service was also attentive.  This is a great addition to the area and I would not hesitate to go back.I went to River Twice recently for the first time and had an amazing (and delicious) experience. This was our first time doing indoor dining since COVID started, and we felt completely safe the entire time. We ordered the tasting menu and loved every single dish; our waiter was also awesome. It was a great night and a great meal all around!The food here is absolutely beautiful. If you want to have food art,, this is the place. I'm so happy to be here.  I would highly recommend the tasting menu.  The flavors are amazing and creative.  Maggie took very good care of us.  Her wine pairings were masterful.We left this place broke and starving. Seriously. We stopped to get a pizza on the way home with the money we could scrape together after paying the bill.We tried the tasting menu and basically forced ourselves to eat it. Only 3 of the 7 dishes were tolerable. Almost a $300 bill and still left hungry. Portions are incredibly small. Good service and nice people, but the food was a huge let down.Had a lovely, beautifully constructed dinner here tonight. No weak dish in the set, and particular highlights were the bay scallops, the venison, and the dessert. This restaurant is a gem, and is now on the top of my list of places for folks looking for a special night out. Bonus points for a great chat and fernet with the chef following dinner and access to the playlist. Looking forward to being back soon.I have mixed feelings about dinner here. The overall feeling of the place, as well as the staff, was an alive and vibrant one.  Everyone was very interested in explaining the various dishes as they were brought out with the presentation of each being well thought out.  Most if not all the tables were taken as well as the seats at the chef's counter.
The food, however, didn't have that Wow factor.  The outstanding items were the Tartar of Lamb and the Whole Roasted Sea Bream.  The Texas Toast with allium ash & nigella seed butter was very good.  The Chawanmushi sounded different and interesting.  This was Uni, Smoked Dulse (seaweed), on an egg custard.  Once the uni was gone so was most of the flavor.  The dry aged Muscovy Duck was a disappointment.
The bill before tip came to around $115.  I don't know if I would be in a rush to return. (Remember - it's a BYO)Delicious food! 
We ordered the oysters, beef tartare, charred cobia collar, halibut, and chocolate/salted bread dessert....I personally loved the oysters and charred cobia collar the most! Oh also the dessert! It was like a glorified Nutella and toast (and I normally could pass on desserts) ...
The ambiance was great and intimate, but still felt safe/clean w Covid
We ordered take out last year when restaurants were closed during Covid, and I'm so happy we went back for the dine in experience bc the food was at a different level! And staff was amazing! They also serve a few drinks now too!Overpriced and the food was pretentious at best.  Absolutely a terrible experience from the moment we walked in until we left.  Our server was nice but that's about it.  Not a single memorable course.  No cocktails available because reasons.  The person working the door was especially off-putting, demanding masks and asking if we were dining there when we went inside to use the bathroom like we were homeless people.  Just not good at all, and absolutely shocked about all the good reviews about this place.  Skip it.Service and atmosphere very amiable. Because we were a party of five people, with some dietary restrictions, we were told we had to order the tasting menu. Five people with drinks and tips over $500 and we all walked out of there hungry. What's up with the food? Not a satisfying experience.I will start with the best part of this restaurant: the staff. Great service. Beyond that, this is one of the biggest culinary disappointments I've experienced. The opposite of flavor, culinary flare or taste. Stereotypical, minuscule servings. I get more flavor eating food straight out of my garden, raw. I will admit, that I like to cook and when I go out, I'm going out for the experience of being challenged to taste things (by taste I mean: experience new flavor, pallet, combinations, perspectives) as well as ambiance. Bonus for attention to detail and food sources: produce, location and quality, etc. and of course bonus for price. I understand cost and demand and ratings and popularity, but I also expect to be wowed in at least some form (ambiance, flavor, details, sourcing). 
The music was loud and really bad. I hesitate to define the music because i am a music fan and think all music has a time and place, but: it was jam-band-country music, which...really doesn't go with the food or the location. Maybe if it had been instrumental? That's probably asking too much, but I really wanted to like this spot and I read really great reviews.
I'm so upset with this place, that I hesitate to submit this for coming off with such an opinion. I wouldn't have liked it if it had cost $20. Perhaps I'm most upset because so many reviews spoke so highly of it.
Finally, this was a special occasion. Bust, but that's adventure picks for you.
Finally, it was EXPENSIVE. All I can say with regards to the expense I'm ok with paying for the magic of all I've described above. The cost left me feeling utterly disappointed and suckered. 
River Once and Done.Everything and I mean everything was amazing. I've been a few times but was the first time dinning outside. Easily one of the best meals I've ever had, I look forward to see what's to come with the place, as well as watching the legend grow. I will visit again and again vA few tweaks and river twice will be up there with Laurel and Vernick as a top food spot in the city. If they avoid the trap of "family style" BS service, river twice will be best of philly!  Food quality and creativity is A1. Not bad for a place that has only been open 2 weeks.My husband and I went here for dinner tonight, Friday 7/30/21. We decided to have the tasting menu, at the waiter's suggestion. We paid about $300 for our food and a total of 3 drinks. Ordinarily, I wouldn't mind paying this much for a special night out when the food is excellent, but unfortunately, it just wasn't. The plating was beautiful, and the service was great. But the food was mediocre at best and served in extremely small portions. I left legitimately still hungry after a 7-course meal. It was just disappointing overall. Two of the courses were delicious (the melon and the turkey), and the rest were forgettable, and in some cases, just plain bad. I have never regretted getting the tasting menu option before tonight. Maybe it would be better on a different night --  or maybe it's better to just order off the menu, and the portions would be more reasonable? I just don't know if I'm willing to go back and spend another $300 to find out.This place is very special. A taste of the Delaware Valley each dish is a gift. I worked at a high end oyster bar for half a decade and their sweet Amelia's with the trout roe was the best oyster I've ever had. The beef tartare with shaved egg yolk, incredible, and the off menu burger... Omg. It could make a grown man cry. The menu will change, order everything, trust them to give you an incredible one of a kind food experience.We were so looking forward to dining here, despite the string of less than satisfactory reviews on yelp we opted to rely on the opinions of some acquaintances instead. Disappointing doesn't even being to cover it.. this restaurant is trying to be something that they clearly are not capable of. That being said, the service and wine selection were exemplary. The staff was present, knowledgeable and kind. We selected the chef's tasting with high hopes (obviously). The offerings included a tough and difficult to eat mackerel, a fishy and under seasoned cobia, and a comically large mound of flavourless sliced cantaloupe with minimal trout roe aimlessly sprinkled on top. The seared scallop with heirloom tomato was good and the fermented tomato juice poured over it was noteworthy. Also, the buttery corn porridge with edible flowers was delightful to the eye and also very warm and comforting. The almond cake with creme as dessert was satisfactory. However, the absolute worst offering was the dry aged duck. It was the foulest fowl I've ever had the displeasure of consuming. It was quite literally a pale shade of greyish green and it tasted as off putting as it looked. Not even the turnips served alongside could save it, as they were bitter and undercooked. Sadly, we departed this establishment still hungry. Now you may be wondering whether I brought all this to the attention of the staff and the answer is no. Previous reviews portray the culinary team as being abrasive when faced with criticism and truthfully we just wanted to leave. Perhaps we should have taken the litany of negative reviews more seriously. The second star is solely for the team who took care of us, in the current climate finding good staff isn't easy.I'm still processing the meal I had last night, it was that good. We did the tasting menu and each dish blew my mind a little more. The menu is is constantly changing because they use the freshest ingredients possible so I'm excited to return and have a whole new experience. Our server was knowledgeable and friendly. I also felt really safe dining inside during COVID because each table is separated by a partition. Come here asap!I had been so excited to have a full meal here. All of the dishes were beautiful and service was great. For the steep price, I was expecting more flavor wise. Our raw fish dish needed more salt or really anything. Our very pricey steak was not cut all that well and had inedible fat. Drinks were so delicious but about four sips worth. The charred fish collar was interesting and our favorite.We were excited to eat at this place after it received a great review from Philadelphia Magazine.  The meal had its ups and downs.  I wish the food could have made up for the poor attitude that the chef displayed.  Rolling your eyes and swearing under your breath in regards to your patrons is typically frowned upon.  Despite offering high chairs, this restaurant is far from child friendly.  
I can say that the scallop dish was wonderful and the duck hash was delicious.  The biscuits and gravy were subpar.  A steak knife would have been helpful to help cut through its over baked bottom.  I have a feeling the chef is more comfortable with cooking more refined dishes rather than food that leans more rustic.I have to agree with the other reviews....I was sadly disappointed in the tasting menu. I felt like most of the courses were extremely bland and repetitive. I am never one to ask for salt at a restaurant like this but when my friend asked, I couldn't disagree. The only course I enjoyed was a creamed corn dish. I left hungry (and I had eaten a big lunch that day) having spent over $350 for 2 $85 tastings and 4 glasses of wine not including tip!The place is nice, modern, the tables were cool. Drinks were meh. Now to the food...... We got the tasting menu bruh, that jawn was bland as hell. Everything was fresh and tasted like it should but it was bland. The flavors didn't mesh well to me. The sushi roll tasted like I was a cow eating herbs. A vegan wouldn't like it, I'm use to bold flavors and everything was just light and nothing stood out and shined in a good way. Nice place, great service, but the food was lacking. The food was not fuego.The portions were tiny and the dishes were not especially exciting.  Expensive. Service on the other hand was excellent and the presentation was nice.  Dinner for 4 was over $300 and we left a little hungry. Concerned that supply chain and COVID are having an effect on meals here.  Might try it again in a year or so.The service was good but the food was terrible. It's like the chefs did not even taste the food. Everything was under seasoned and definitely not good!River Twice is a beautifully appointed space - the interior is muted and feels very Scandinavian, and we loved the utensil drawers. The wine menu was well-curated. The service was friendly and attentive, and the pacing of the meal was great. 
Unfortunately, the food did not live up to our positive first impression. We went for the tasting menu ($85pp), which was described as a mix of items on and off the menu - we loved what was listed on the menu, but the only item we actually received from the menu was a cantaloupe dish. The salmon hand rolls and raw salmon with cucumber both lacked flavor. In the bluefin tuna with tomatoes, the tomatoes were too acidic and I was not able to appreciate the natural flavor of the tuna. 
The two best dishes of the night were the uni with pole beans and the heritage turkey with chanterelle cream sauce, which both were flavorful and well-thought-out. However, both dishes could have been portioned larger - and that was the biggest problem with the meal. Every dish was at most 3-4 bites and there was no carbohydrate element at all, so seven courses felt like barely anything. I have never left a restaurant hungry - and at 5'1", I'm certainly not a big eater. But for the first time in my life, I had to go down the street after dinner for a cheesesteak. 
All in all, River Twice is pretty aptly named - the turkey was delicious enough that I'd consider giving them a second shot, but would definitely opt for à la carte and hope for more standard-sized portions.We had the six course tasting menu for Valentines Day. The dishes were so inventive, beautifully plated, and absolutely delicious. Great ambiance, such kind and attentive service. We will definitely return!Strongly hoping that in the wake of recent news surrounding a pandemic, this place has re-considered its "Hillbilly Hand Roll" item/course on the tasting menu. This is where staff hands you, barehanded, an unrolled blunt of scallops and other accoutrements. Contrary to intent, sweat from staff does not activate the flavor.
As someone who spent a lot of time in West Virginia growing up, this dish is as much an insult to hillbillies as much as it is to hand-rolls. 
For what River Twice charges for dinner, you could take a river cruise. You'd probably get a tastier meal.Amazing! Truly a breath of fresh air in the Philly restaurant scene. An Japanese influenced menu, both in flavor in aesthetic. The service was superb. A Chef cooking unique ingredients with joy, with a feeling of being in his kitchen at home.We've been her 4 times since the pandemic started including valentine's day. They been considerate of covid protocols while still managing provide a have high level dining experience. Their staff is accommodating and knowledgeable. I could not say enough nice things about this place and we look forward to visit them post covid.Occasionally you find a restaurant that makes you so happy in every way that you can imagine returning as soon as possible. Even eating outside in 40 degree, River Twice was that restaurant. Small plates, each own with more invention and creativity than the one before. The steak tartare almost made me dizzy it was so good. The service was friendly and unobtrusive, always there when you needed her, with an excellent wine suggestion. Yes, a tad expensive but worth every penny.This place is just "fine." It's not bad by any means but for the price you are paying you really want more than "fine." 
Had the oysters, which were one of the best parts of the whole meal and very fresh, and the cured fluke for appetizers. The presentations were great but the fluke was just okay. 
Then, the scallops and bread dumplings for dinner. We got two scallops which had a lot going around on the plate. The scallops were cooked fine but seemed under seasoned and for how expensive the meal is...probably should put more on plate. The bread dumplings are tasty and so is the sauce under but that is not a $30 dish I'm sorry...
Raw Milk Panna Cotta was an excellent finish. Up there with the oysters for best part of the meal. The Chocolate Cremeux was really average though aside from smoked cashews which were a nice touch. Other wise though kind of tasted just like an average chocolate mousse? 
At the end of the day it's a nice place with good service but just average food for the price. If you're going to spend this much money there's better places in Philly and even in the area.Incredibly fresh and delicious. The owners even visit the farms they purchase from to ensure the highest quality ingredients! I'll definitely return for moreBeautiful restaurant, good food, great service. I am a fan of the open kitchen concepts, so the design inside is great, and the food is really good as well. We did the tasting menu and it was plenty of food - my girlfriend is pickier than I am and she liked all of it as well. 
I will say that nothing stood out as mindblowingly delicious, but everything was very good. The sauces were phenomenal, there's a tomato broth that was really really good, as was the green sauce with the mackerel.We've been to River Twice pre-pandemic and during the pandemic multiple times each. And one thing I can say is that despite all of the changes and craziness in the world, all of the important things to me have remained consistent here. Great interesting and unique food, service and ambiance. 
We were first exposed at a Tasting Collective event and had such a great experience that we made a reservation for a week or two later. We also snuck in an amazing dinner with the best steak I have ever had just about two weeks before things shut down. Now we have been back several times - opting for the tasting menu initially, but now that they moved to the tasting menu only minus Sundays, coming in excited and ready to try new things. 
They have a great wine selection, a small selection of unique mixed drinks, and some N/A items.  So there is something for everyone. I want to add that I think they have some of the best pandemic service we have experienced, too. Whereas a lot of places struggle to have a great and consistent staff, they seem to be doing a great job from where we sit. The service alone is worth me wanting to keep returning. 
Keep doing you, River Twice. We appreciate what you are bringing to the great Philly dining scene. Please bring back the dry aged ribeye (I think that's what it was) that you did back in March of 2020. I figured I may as well throw that shameless suggestion in here.Great food, great service. Sat at the chefs counter. Started with toast and the swordfish tartare. Crab cracker and dumplings were great. Venison and halibut perfect but the duck was outrageously good. For dessert cheese, chocolate mousse and Varro pudding. Great dinner and super affordableOften when reading reviews you kind of take it with a grain of salt, but in this case the comments here are right on the money unfortunately.. The service is immaculate, and the reason for the stars. 
The food we found to be hit or miss, a few good items but nothing that really stood out. The seasoning is very conservative, which I understand to a point since it is a set tasting menu with minimal customization, and it makes sense to not have spicy or heavily seasoned items. That being said, the basic salt and pepper levels of the dishes were very under in our opinion. 
Portion sizes were small as well, we left quite unsatisfied, and ended up getting snacks afterwards. The very high bill did not reflect the amount or quality of the food - overall, would not recommend. Again, wonderful service though. Great gram potential for the Tom Haverfords out there too.What a pretentious place. Stay away. I arrived on a beautiful late summer night, excited. I brought my dog, assuming she would be welcome outside on a public sidewalk. Oh no, they  declined to seat me. I have been to 4star places in Paris and London with this dog, where they bent over backwards to serve us happily. Not so at this backwards provincial spot, they made a stink. Legally indefensible, but who cares? We found a spot across the street at Fond, where the night was long and lively and lovely. Go there, be happy, love life.River Twice is FANTASTIC, everything from the food to the vibe.  I love how they locally and responsibly source the food they serve. I had the tile fish and was blown away. The overall vibe of the spot as well is great; It's moody but not pretentious. Do yourself a favor and book a res here!Ordered the fluke, ricotta, dumplings, oysters, halibut collar and bread au chocolat. This meal was the perfect amount for two women who love to eat. Fluke was under seasoned and broth with the dumplings was a touch too salty. But the oysters, ricotta, and bread au chocolat were perfectly seasoned and flavorful. By far the most impressive looking and best tasting dish of the night was the halibut collar. I'd order that dish again and again and again. This menu changes often though so I suspect the next time I go I won't be able to order any of the same stuff--both a good and sad thing. We sat outdoors; they have heaters. Service was excellent.Came for our wedding anniversary. Menu is limited but we went for the prix fixe which had some off-menu items. Food was fine, some good courses, some unremarkable.
One course was seared scallop. My wife's was cooked well, golden brown. Mine were carbonized. I ate one, noticed the burnt flavor, along with grit from carbonization and didn't eat the second. My wife handled informing the (very kind, friendly, helpful) server that the scallop was burnt and the server took the plate. She kindly offered to ask the kitchen to fire another but we said no thanks, we were happy to move along with our meal. Then the chef came out, offered no apology and rudely explained that it was in fact perfectly cooked and they have always cooked them like that, it was "caramelized." Pretty unpleasant exchange. Pretty weird for him to come out from the kitchen to be rude like that, but let's just get on with our meal. (Needless to add, if my scallop is blackened, and my wife's is golden, obviously they're not always cooked the same.)
My wife's next course was "Charred Cobia Collar." It was on the menu, and titled that way, so we were expecting the charred collar that we received. A server delivered it, but the chef was right behind, rudely adding to the server's description, "Are you going to be okay? It's charred." One rude interaction with the chef was certainly surprising, but his coming out a second time to do it again was something else. 
The service staff did apologize by adding on a complimentary dessert.
Anyways, don't recommend due to a limited menu, high prices, and extremely rude chef. Service was good. Hopefully chef's nicer to the staff than he is to the customers.I had the pleasure of dining at this beautiful establishment on a Saturday night. This is absolutely one of my favorite fine dining experiences. There is cozy outdoor seating with heat lamps and they even offered blankets for the chairs. The wait staff was super impressive! Knowledgeable, cultured, and friendly. The menu was somewhat limited but everything was cooked with delicacy and details. 9/10 would love to dine here again when the weather is warmer.Overall the food was ok but kind of bland and not worth the price. For two people 4 small plates one large and two deserts was $210 with tax and tip. We started dinner with the oysters which were good. The snail toast was bland. The tuna belly and the scallops were probably the best dishes. We also ordered the bread dumplings but they were cold by the time we got them, because the waiter brought us all our dishes at the same time, but overall the taste was ok but the dumplings were dense. We had the short rib for our large plate, which tasted like a upper scale pot roast. For desert we had the chocolate and foie gras, both were good but not overwhelming. Overall it wasn't a bad meal but underwhelming for the price.We sat at the chef's counter for their second night.  I can't come up with a single thing that I didn't like.  The servers were fantastic and passionate about the food and how the ingredients were sourced.  We had the raw scallops, roe pancake, mushroom and egg, and the short rib.  My wife and I kept debating which was our favorite.  
River Twice is doing fantastic things and we already made a reservation to go back next month.  I can't wait to see how it evolves (the menus changes daily).The staff were very nice and the service was excellent. We also enjoyed the minimalist decor with creative touches like self-service silverware draws. The problem was the food. While beautifully prepared and strewn with flowers, the beef tartare and quail were mostly tasteless. Seafood dishes were better but the menu options were limited. Portions were tiny and there were no sides. Everything was minimalist, except the bill, close to $250 for two people. It's possible we caught the kitchen on a bad night, but we left hungry and disappointed.We hear many good things about River Twice so we decided to visit. All in all the service was good, but the food was not amazing. For $100 per person at BYOB there are many better options in the same neighborhood. 
We had the tasting menu. As you can see from the picture it was seafood heavy, which tells me the chef may have ordered way too much seafood and was trying to move it. To be fair, some courses (if you can call them that) had a wonderful flavor. Other however (tough tuna) we nothing to write home about. Dessert was mediocre at best.
For the amount of money I would give elsewhere.I rarely write reviews, but had to document last night's meal and what was one of the best dining experiences that I've ever had (Michelin stars during my decade-plus of living in NYC, the "culinary capital of the world", and time spent living in Europe and South America, included). The dishes -- we tried all but one of them from the menu -- were absolutely phenomenal (presentation too! I hate taking my phone out at the table, but had to take a few pictures!). The flavors and textures, and the way Chef Randy interprets ingredients are marvelous. All four elements of the dining experience happened in perfect harmony -- the cuisine, the wine, the service (our server, Maggie, was a gem!), and the overall ambience. Loved seeing Chef Randy and his sous chef (both incredibly friendly without the slightest air of pretension about them) in action behind the counter in the open kitchen, too. Cannot wait to come back! Thank you for a very memorable experience.Had the pleasure of dining here multiple times. The second time we dined with our four and seven year old. We ordered the famous Rucker burgers and surprisingly they loved our meal even more. The standouts for them were  the scallop dish, the hand roll and venison tartare. The chocolate yuzu desserts was insane!! The prominent yuzu flavor did not get lost in the decadent chocolate tart.  Ooops almost forgot about the aged beef dish!! What a phenomenal meal. River twice is great for a special meal but my kids now want it every week. Thanks for a great meal and great memories for my children.ignore the wordy foodies, this is a nice date or special occasion place for more upscale creative dishes. 
If you're looking for mama's old-time pasta, search elsewhere. 
If you want to try new things or stick to some old, you could spend more and do way worse than River Twice. It's a cool locally-owned spot, give them a shot.Are we being pranked? We wanted to love this restaurant! Did chef's tasting for full table.
Please keep in mind, we are not the Karens and Kens of dining out. We are gracious, respectful patrons, as well as very generous tippers regardless of the experience/ food we receive. 
This experience was so underwhelming on so many levels, MAINLY for the price point. I've never walked away from a place feeling like I got robbed  until now. The portions were minuscule, even for a chef's tasting. There were fancy, seasonal ingredients prepared in tiny portions with odd sauces, with nothing particularly delicious or craveavble about them, and with no flow or connection from one dish to the next. 
I'll also say, the ambience was just awkward- the whole minimalist upmarket-cafeteria Phish (?!) vibe was a bit much. 
Our server was ok, although did not offer us a single word of apology or correction after we all pointed out being dissatisfied. There was an odd (slightly snobby?) vibe I got from other servers. 
It feels like a place created by hipsters for hipsters who don't care about food so much as about being seen and congratulating each other on mediocrity. Do yourself a favor and save your money for a place a bit less obnoxious, and A LOT nicer on all levels. This place is just not it. 
PS: the wine was great!My partner had been wanting to try this spot out for a while. Tonight was our first time dining here (during COVID). We started with the trout small plate. I thought this dish would be warm but it wasn't. It was ok. 
The scallops came out next and were really tasty. I thought the tomatoes should've been grilled. Our sever recommended the sweet corn porridge with pickled blueberries, which sounds very weird, but was pretty good. Definitely an interesting dish. We finished with an apply crumb cake that also wasn't warm and a bit dry. 
Overall, the place was ok. The server was great but the atmosphere and food weren't anything special. The gold flatware and dinnerware were so chic. I appreciated that after each dish, we were served fresh dinnerware.Pros: the ambiance is great. I'm European and this kind of concept restaurants with fixed tasting menu are really popular over there. The menu changes every week, the staff is really nice. They use very high quality ingredients that are in season. 
Cons: The food is pretty monotone, nothing really "hits" your palate. Everything was pretty much meat with rice of some kind, nothing fun was done with vegetables. The beef tongue needs to go. Dessert was also pretty bland. All in all pretty "meh", for what ended up being a $300 check for 2 people (tip and wine included). I gave most of my food to my date and made myself some bread and butter when I got home.  
I'm disappointed. I really wanted to like it.I'm a big Philly guy. I support all the sports teams (Go Birds), take my family exploring different parts of the city multiple times a year, and absolutely love dining out with my fempanion, now my fiancée. The price fix tasting menu revolution that seems to have grown from pandemic dining is perfect for us. After reading several articles, we decided to celebrate our engagement at River Twice. A great decision to celebrate a great decision. Gonna start off the new year with the same format, FFS.
Flair: South Philly is certainly an eclectic part of an eclectic town. You have trendy, you have old school, you have new, you have old. It's a barrage of atmosphere sandwiched (no pun intended for the ongoing cheesesteak war) a few square blocks. River Twice hits on the cool, trendy, relaxed vibe without the arrogance or pretentiousness that sometimes accompanies those places. It's laid back. It's fun. It's humble. But most of all, it's warm and inviting. Quaint, open, and right on a busy corner. Very cool.
Food: I read a few reviews that complained of portion sizes and the amount of food offered. It's a tasting menu. That means not a full serving of each course. But there are also 7 of them, which is a lot of food. For me, I appreciated the fact that at the end of my meal, I was satisfied and didn't immediately need a food coma. My belt and pants agreed. I also read some of the negative comments regarding the quality and taste of food. I found that to be way off base as well. We appreciated the variety, flavors, and flow of the meal.  There's a pic missing from one of my courses because I ate it too quickly. I won't go into each particular dish, because they were all top notch. If I had to pick the "worst" of the bunch, it would be the truth-tip...but only because I'm not a big meat guy and I would have enjoyed a little more sauce. The grilled custard was probably in the top 5 things I've ever eaten. Ever. It was perfect. Salty, savory, mellow, fresh, bright. It was unreal. The egg yolk fudge in the porridge was so comforting and warm, it made me want to just walk in the door from a day of sledding. That fig leaf merengue had great notes of cinnamon-y spices. It went so perfectly with the duck and persimmons. We both opted for truffles on our scallop, at chefs suggestion. Would probably pass on them next time, but I'm not super into them. They did add a great earthiness to the dish. And that dessert....could have been a vegetable course. You wouldn't know, because it was sweet and decadent, but if those Veggie Straw snacks from Wawa can pass for servings of vegetables, this definitely could. It was light and airy and delicious, you you definitely got the sense of their main ingredients. Don't know how they made mushroom whip taste like both delicious whipped cream AND fungus, but there we were. And it was perfect.
SERVICE: Exceptional. Staff were knowledgeable and friendly. They were attentive and considerate. They actually looked like they enjoyed working there. And we got special menus printed for us because of our occasion. There was absolutely zero concerns in this area, the staff was outstanding.
Overall, what a night. The combinations and flavors and flow and concept were all on point. Can't wait to come back in a few weeks when the menu changes again.Literally one of the most overpriced and subpar meals I've ever had. I'll say this, the service and pacing of the $85 were spot on. However the food was absolute garbage for what I paid. No flavors and didn't live up to any of the descriptions it had. When I pay for a tasting menu I expect amazing flavors throughout the meal. Everything was below average in my mind. The steak was good but will never remember it vs other meals I've had in. My life. Save your time and especially your wallet as this was a complete waste. I truly wish I could get my money back.Went here this past week for the tasting collective and oh man what an experience. Randy and his team are doing an amazing job and are putting out some talented dishes. Out of the dishes I tried I really liked the Caesar like salad which made me think of an everything bagel on a salad which was super complex and delicious. My other favorite dish was probably the Carolina gold rice topped with point Judith squid and hakurei turnips. The rice was soaked in a miso broth that brought such powerful umami flavoring to this dish. A rotating menu and daring dishes definitely make this a top place to check out in Philly. Also there is a secret menu item you can stop in and try but I won't spoil the surprise here.