I used to come to Roberto Cafe since it is a convenient BYO in my neighborhood.  The food is OK, but nothing to write home about.
Recently, we called ahead to ask if they had any table availability to seat us right away.  We were told to come within 20 minutes and they would have a table for us.  We told Roberto we were on our way.  We showed up within 15 minutes and were told that they did not take reservations, they do not hold tables, and that we would have to wait at least 20 minutes (last time they told us to wait for 20 minutes it was an hour and 15 minutes later).
Given the horrible customer service, we will not return.Small Italian BYO that I've been to twice. Both times, the food was only ok, but the service wasn't bad.  Nothing too fancy. It's a cute place to have a relaxing date, but the food is not impressive. Dishes range from $13-25.
Since I like trying new restaurants but will usually give an ok restaurant a second try to see if there's a huge improvement, I probably won't return to Roberto for awhile.Two of us had a very nice dinner at this South Street Italian BYOB. Right on South Street's western end in the Graduate Hospital area, this small place has an outdoor patio, takes credit cards and serves lunch and dinner. We started with a complimentary bruschetta topped with tomatoes and herbs, which was very good. The caprese salad, gnocchi and chicken parmesan were all very good. We also had cheesecake and tiramisu for dessert, and both were excellent, especially the tiramisu.
The service was friendly and attentive, we didn't have to wait long, and you could see the kitchen from the dining room, which I enjoy.
Very good food. Very nice experience. Good prices.What a fantastic surprise.  I stopped here with my mother and the interior is warmly colored and well-lit, very Mediterranean-feeling.  The staff seem Italian and are genuinely polite.  
The food was authentic, well-prepared, but a tad pricey.  No alcohol!  I wish the Puritans (or whomever it is) would stop reaching back from the grave to control our drinking habits!  Luckily the couple next to us was leaving and gave us their half-full bottle.
The seating area is small, as are the tables, and they're fairly close to one another, but the people all seemed nice and kind of stylish.  My mom liked her salmon/vegetable dish and I liked my gnocchi but not so much my veggie appetizer.  The tomato sauce on the gnocchi was one of the best I've ever had.
Freshly baked bread on the table and a bruschetta for everyone to start, with a polite waiter taking drink orders almost right away.  It got really crowded as we were leaving with well-dressed young folks ready for a night out.
Mazel tov!  The multi-ethnic table next to ours appeared to be marking a Jewish event; I didn't realize Hannukah has already begun?  I'm definitely coming back, bottle of wine in hand.For many years Roberto's Cafe was our favorite neighborhood place to eat.  Brothers Roberto and Fernando treated us like family.  The food was very good and very reasonably priced, and the fact that it is a BYOB helped keep the price down. But then something happened, and the food was so-so for about a year.  Our monthly visits became much less regular.
The good news is we returned the other night, and Roberto's is back to being a great place to eat.  Don't be afraid to ask them to modify the menu for you.  For example, we love mussels in white wine and garlic sauce, but the appetizer says mussels and clams.  They are happy to give us mussels only.  Also, my husband's favorite entree is a fillet steak special, but it was not on the menu that night.  He asked if they had any, and the answer this time--to our happy surprise-- was "of course."
If you are a fish lover, they usually have a whole fish for one or two (turbo or branzino are the most common).  There is a beauty in watching Roberto or Fernando filleting it in front of you tableside.I don't know if it's possible to love this place more, but after the dinner I recently had at Roberto's, I realized it IS possible!  After a little wait for a table, the food extravaganza began!  To start off, the portions were extremely generous (I feel like Roberto was trying to make up for the fact that we had to wait, but I would wait for decades to come to this place).  
The Menu:
Mussels in a red tomato sauce
Buffalo Mozzarella = Buttery and DELICIOUS!
Fusilli al Granghio... never fails!
My BF got the Surf and Turf (Filet Mignon with Baby Langostine) Special.  I'm pretty sure I ate more of that than my own meal.  The meat was absolutely tender and infused with tons of flavor!  
Cappuccinos for both of us capped off one of the best meals I've ever had.  
My BF actually requested that I update my Roberto Review.  I was hesitant because I still want to be able to go and get a table, but decided that it's always nice to share.  Always remember, the patio opens in the summer... a bright space that whisks you away to the Mediterranean.  So there you go, if you want one of the best meals and experiences you've ever had, go see my friend Roberto.Requirements for me to love an Italian restaurant:
- Ambiance: dimly lit, music playing
- Staff: there is a good chance they will give you a hug and a kiss
- Food: Too much to finish in one sitting, although you can make quite the effort
- BYOB
For Roberto's: check, check, check, and check.
Walking into Roberto Cafe is like walking into your grandmother's kitchen, you immediately feel at home. The food is fantastic and brings an immediate smile to your face with every bite. The staff is exceptionally friendly and just completes the package. I managed to sneak a bite of everyone's food at my table (shh) and was really pleased with all offerings. Despite the generous portions, my veal saltimbocca was so delicious I easily scarfed it all down. 
I am so pleased to have an authentic Italian restaurant within city limits. I cannot wait for an excuse to go here again.I ordered the gnocchi and it tasted exactly like my grandmother herself cooked it. Everything I ate was delicious and I really liked the ambience. It felt like I was home with family. The meal was reasonably priced as well. I would definitely go back.Adorable place!! The fusilli with crab was incredible (best sauce!). Waiters are from Italy - so you know it's going to be good. Highly recommend. And relatively inexpensive for a byob.Very disappointed with our dinner tonight. Restaurant was empty and of course they sat another party next to us. My husband and I had dined there 2 years ago and it was decent. Returned this evening and it was not good. Courses were rushed even though it was not crowded.  Food was cold and unappetizing. My husband told the owner that we were disappointed and he responded that we don't need customers like you. Well guess what, Philadelphia doesn't need restaurants like you. Ten years ago this may have been the standard but today don't waste your time or money.I was introduced to this lovely BYO by Stephen H. and his wife Cynthia.  The first time I went I wasn't blown away but last night (Tuesday) I went with the hubby and it was outstanding.  We had a stuffed pepper special that had such complexity to it.  It also just melted in your mouth.  For my entree I went with a spaghetti with mussels and clams.  Again, yummy - only detractor was that the mussels and clams framing the plate were luke-cool (the other mussels and clams in the pasta were just right).  Hubby had a pasta with crab and a creamy tomato sauce which he very much enjoyed.  Would definitely like to go back again on a non-peak night (not Fri/Sat).  The prices are a bit high but not ridiculous.  Quality ingredients don't come from the clearance department.  Service was attentive and personable.Italian food for a weekday dinner, YUM! It was a very very long time since I had Italian food and I was so glad that my friend introduced me to this place. The place is SMALL - with only a few tables but they have an outdoor patio area that I did not see. The service is good and whatnot. My friend and I got some mussels with tomato sauce which was great! The flavor of the mussels shined and the tomato sauce that it was cooked in was really really great (I don't even like tomatoes!). Then came the entrees - WONDERFUL! I got the fusilli with crab meat. I love fusilli because the curls of the pasta pick up all that wonderful cream sauce. It was comfort food to the max. However, the fusilli was cooked beautifully and it definitely settled my stomach. To me, the best Italian restaurants are able to cook the most simple things well and I'd say Roberto's Cafe did just that!I would ultimately like to give this place 3.5 stars but gave the edge to the three stars.  It's great that they offer the BYOB option and had a very friendly and attentive staff and great small Italian atmosphere...but at the end of the day the food I ate was not great.
I'm not a super picky eater and I rarely cook but I really felt I could have made a meal similar to the one I ate.  Because of all of the things they had going for them (and apparently an outdoor section when it is nice out) I will return come the Spring in order to give them another chance.love roberto's! Great food, ambiance. Simple, delicate dishes that are authentic and well prepared.what a nice gem on this street. With reasonable prices and fine service. I always know I can expect a great meal.Roberto's is a great little BYOB.  I came here on a date looking for some good italian food.  We sat outside on the cute little patio.  The service was great, attentive yet not hovering.  Food came out quickly and tasted great.  I'd highly recommend coming here on a cool evening, sitting outside and enjoying a romantic dinner.
My date had a mushroom fusili dish that was to die for and I had a spicy penne dish with just the right amount of heat and flavor.  We shared a bruschetta which was fresh and tasty.  The food was quite good for a place you'd likely walk right by without noticing.
The only real complaint I had was the portion sizes were a little small for the price.  I realize that it's a BYOB and without the liquor license there's no booze profits, so it's not a huge issue.  Just be forewarned, this is not a place you'll waddle out of.  There is something to be said for not feeling like you need a nap right after a meal, though.Tucked away on a quiet street, this place has amazing food and a delightful atmosphere. I don't remember what we ordered, but I do remember my husband and I savoring e.v.e.r.y. l.a.s.t. b.i.t.e. and even ordering coffee, which we rarely do. We ate on the patio, where it felt like we had left Philly and entered a coastal italian town, and everyone who helped us was incredibly nice. Definitely will be our new go-to whenever we are in town.If warmth and friendliness is as important to you as a good meal, then Roberto Cafe is the place. Roberto and Fernando, the co-owner brothers, are both usually there and are always accommodating. Our first visit there, they gave us complimentary glasses of limoncello to help finish off the meal! 
The restaurant is tiny, but we have had group dinners there. Though they do not take reservations, they will do their best to accommodate if you call ahead.
And then there is the food. This is South Italian food. The brothers are from the Abruzzo region of Italy, which is on the coast. So seafood is a good way to go, especially if they have a special. We've also enjoyed the risotto with sausage, though it is very rich and savory and I've had to take it home. It is different from most Italian food that I usually see and some of the tastes didn't quite mesh with what I had in mind, but they are more than happy to help make it to your liking. BYOB.
The restaurant is decorated with citrusy splashes of orange and yellow and pictures that evoke the seaside. We've only sat in the patio once, and it started raining halfway through, but it was draped with lights and greenery and felt like a seaside porch, despite being next to a Philly alleyway.
I've heard from folks that it is the place where chefs go when they are done with their shifts, but I am not sure if that is true or just a rumor.
My only regret is we moved from the Graduate Hospital area so we don't get there as often as we'd like!Been here twice and both times had great service, freshly prepped food and a relaxing evening. I'm surprised about the negative comments, especially on the food. We've had pasta, veal, chicken and fish. All have been delicious, and on top of it all, the staff was super-accomodating. We'd brought in a bottle of wine that was waaay too sweet for what we were eating, and they switched it out for us with a bottle they had in the back which was much better.This byob serves some of the best Italian food in the city. They have authentic dishes on both their lunch and dinner menu, once again lunch and dinner menu. Which for the price cannot be touched by anyone in this city of food. And the staff is knowledgeable and welcoming, almost feels like coming home to a fresh meal cooked by mom. Remember that feeling, well not another place in town recreates this feeling as did Roberto Cafe.Roberto Cafe is a wonderful neighborhood BYOB! After walking by Roberto's Cafe countless times I finally paid it a visit with two of my girl friends on a Saturday night. The restaurant does not take reservations but there was plenty of seating at 7:00 pm. The servers must have been the owners and they were very hands on and helpful through out our meal. I ordered the risotto with veal, which was delicious and my friends ordered the chicken options, which they both loved. My friends also ordered the Tiramisu, Cannoli, and Eggplant appetizer, which they raved about as well. The prices of all of the dishes were reasonably priced and they take credit cards! Overall it was a great experience and I will definitely be back!My boyfriend and I recently stumbled upon this place and we love it!! Couldn't get a table at Dmitri's as we forgot to make a reservation :( The restaurant is small and quaint, a very homey feel. We were blown away by our meals! The salmon I had contained just a hint of balsamic vinegar nicely paired with mixed veggies and potatoes. The salmon was cooked to perfection and the mussels we had to start had a unique tasting broth and had not only mussels but clams as well. The service was amazing, we had a very pleasant Italian server who was extremely knowledgeable of the menu and specials. The food was served in a very calculated timely manner. The price is so reasonable for good portions too. A great experience I recommend to all.summary: italian byob on south street graduate hospital area. good italian food, cozy atmosphere, and friendly waiters.
My boyfriend and I wanted to go out for a casual dinner on a friday night and Yelp reviews led us to Roberto's Cafe. As we walked in the door we were surprised by a gray curtain inches from our faces... pushed passed it to find the pleasant ambiance of roberto's cafe. it looks like the inside of a renovated row home packed with tables and an open kitchen, which i love because you can see the magic, aka cooking,  happen. There was a short wait, but we were quickly seated. Be prepared to wait between tables if its busy,  as it was on this friday night--- there is no waiting area in the place.
As typical for a byo- We were asked if we want sparkling, bottled, or tap water, and as always we opted for tap water. We were promptly served with complementary bruschetta and bread, as our waiter opened our red wine!! the bruschetta was delicious- nice basil and olive oil flavor on a perfectly toasted piece of baguette-- will consider ordering it next time.
We weren't too hungry and decided to go straight to the main course. The couple next to us ordered the mussels in white wine sauce- they looked delicious-- will consider ordering those next time too! I chose the chicken saltimbocca-- and true to its name, the flavors jumped in my mouth---chicken breast covered in a delicious wine and herb sauce and prosciutto, along side of grilled eggplant and potatoes. My boyfriend loves pasta so he got the fusili with a light creamy tomato sauce and crabmeat. The tomato sauce was delicate and just the right amount of creamy, with a descent serving of crabmeat that was jumbo lump, sweet and delicious. A group across from us, got the Branzino special- a whole fish that is cut in front of you at the table- the fish looked succulent and fresh.
We finished up with a cannoli- crunchy shell, with a good filling. was very sweet with flavors, maybe nutmeg, and drizzled with chocolate sauce. It was so good i didn't want to share it, but i did...
Next time i go out for BYO  italian, ill have a tough time choosing between Roberto's and other locals like La Viola. But, if you haven't been to Roberto's yet I think you should try and and predict that you will love your meal!Food is great as is the wait staff.  On my most recent visit, however, the portions were smaller than I remembered and the quality was not quite as good as on my previous visits.  A little on the expensive side (partlcularly based on the smaller portion sizes).  They need to get rid of the awful white dry erase board out front -- looks like something that should be outside a pizza place.So I've lived a few blocks from here for over a year now, and just made my first visit to Roberto Cafe.  My mom was visiting, and she loves her Italian food, so we walked over for dinner.  It was a Wednesday night, pretty empty.  There is a patio in the back where you can sit outside.  I had a caesar salad.  It was very fresh and there was lots of citrus in the dressing.  As for my entree, I went with a special mushroom ravioli with truffle.  I thought there was pancetta involved too, but I might have misheard it.  There were a lot of specials, it would be nice if they had them written down because it was hard to remember all of them.  The pasta was good, lots of mushrooms.  My mom had a chickpea soup and then some kind of chicken scallopini dish.  I thought her chicken tasted a little strange, but it may have just been overcooked.  This is the closest BYO to my apartment, so I'll definitely have to add it in to the rotation.Like a lot of people are saying, this place offers solid Italian food that won't wow you, but you'll probably walk away satisfied because it was still a good meal and the bill was reasonable.  
We went with a reservation for a group of 8 and had to wait about 10 minutes for a group ahead of us to leave, but that's going to happen when it's a small place on friday night and the waiting staff got points for at least very promptly clearing the table and seating us.  The menu had enough variety within the standard Italian food realm to be interesting, and most entrees were between $15 and $17 which was nice.  Place was busy when we got there but emptied out around 9.  
The food ranged from quite tasty to solid but imperfect.  For appetizers we had some delicious mussels, some calamari which was all right, and a portabella and goat cheese dish which was tasty but disappointingly skimpy on portabella.  For entrees two of us had fusili with crab in a pink cream sauce that everybody that tasted liked.  Others had a veal saltimboca which was good, a risotto with sausage that was a bit overcooked, and some other things I don't remember, but everyone was satisfied with their food.  Portions were decent-sized but not huge.  
Overall we felt well-taken care of and the food came promptly, though it helped that we arrived on the later side.  Our waiter (Roberto, the owner I believe) wasn't particularly warm or friendly, but he did have a pretty sweet accent.  
So if you're looking for a dinner spot with friends to just drink a little bit too much wine, eat some tasty food and enjoy each other's company without shelling out the extra money for top-notch food I think you'll be happy with this place, especially if you're a Grad Hospital-type in the area.  If you're looking for a spot to really savor and enjoy the best of Philadelphia food, you'll probably be more satisfied elsewhere, but this sort of economical BYO place definitely fills its place well.Food was fine, nothing out of the ordinary but solid. Nice atmosphere inside. The waiter (who appeared like he might be the owner) was on the gruff side, a little pressing in getting our orders in and seemed a little annoyed when he brought out a dish that none of us had ordered (everyone at the table had heard the correct order). Overall, was a little uncomfortable and did not feel like we had a relaxed meal. 
Would i go back and try again - yeah, probably if i could sit out on the patio, plus being a BYO is always good.What can I say about this place? Pretty much nothing good.  I will separate my review into a few different points for clarity: 1) food; 2) service; 3) overall.
1) Food: Way overpriced for the small portions; this place is not some upscale, five-star restaurant where the small portions are worth the price for the name and presentation of its dishes. The food was served warm, not hot, and it was incredibly mediocre: I had the chicken parmesan and the sauce was watery, the cheese barely covered the poultry, and to top it all off the appetizer (calamari) was undercooked and came only a few minutes before the main course (leaving us with no time to enjoy it).
2) Service: The waiter was incredibly rude and seemed distracted the whole time, almost like we were beneath him, unworthy of his service expertise. He was flippant, slow, and downright unpleasant.  When the dinner was coming to a close, I couldn't be more uncomfortable as the wait staff figuratively shoved us out the door.
3) Overall: I wouldn't recommend this place to anyone; it's overpriced, overrated and just plain not worth your time. How they remain in business is beyond me.We were craving some Italian and had a nice bottle of red sitting in the apartment so we walked on over to Roberto Cafe. 
Full disclosure - I am half Italian (only the good half, haha) and I owe my dancer's physique to all the home cooked dishes that were made with love by my first-generation-off-ah-the-boat grandmother.  So needless to say I am a little bit picky when it comes to Italian restaurants and I have a hard time justifying paying for something I that I can make pretty well myself. 
Anyway, I had walked by plenty of times and, I have to admit, sort of brushed it off. I also read the reviews here which were pretty much hot and cold but decided to be adventurous and boy am I glad I did. 
Cafe Roberto is pretty small but big in the charm department. Service was excellent from the very beginning (there were 2 other tables, both of four - but that is pretty much half full for this place).
The menu is pretty deep, lots of authentic dishes (ie no melted cheese or meatballs to be seen). There were a TON of specials but we had to really listen to get them over the Italian accent of the server. We were served a delicious bruschetta along with great, fresh Italian bread.
We started off with a Risotto stuffed pepper (a special). I had a rigatoni with grilled chicken, shiitake mushrooms and ricotta cheese and my fiance had a rotini with seafood. Both pasta dishes were well above average, steaming hot and very flavorful. The portions were very generous as well but I cleaned my plate because it was so damn good. 
The prices were pretty average for a neighborhood BYOB - dinner for two, sharing an app came to just under $50. More than you would pay at The Olive Garden or whichever other delightful Italian stereotype restaurant anchors your local mall but about just right for the quality and quantity. If you are concerned about prices I would definitely ask about the specials before ordering (one from last night, lobster ravioli, was $22 and the stuffed pepper was $12).We started with a variety of appetizers that the restaurant suggested and provided to meet the needs of our group.  Cozze E Vongole (PEI Mussels) and the Smoked Mozzarella and Grilled Vegetables were both great.
I ordered the Risotto, which was a hearty dish with the smoked mozzarella melted into the rice and a limited amount of sausage. While it was good, I had serious food envy with all the delicious pasta around me - I will just have to go back!I had been a loyal customer of Roberto Cafe for several years - I celebrated a few birthdays there with large groups of friends , spent date nights there, planned surprise parties for friends. My boss had given me $100 gift certificate as a Christmas gift because she knew I loved it so much. Shortly after she gifted that to me, I had to move several times during the course of the year, and misplaced the gift certificate in all of the chaos that ensued. I just now, almost a year later, am able to get settled and when I unpacked my boxes, I found the certificate, and it expired a mere 3 weeks ago. I called the restaurant assuming that since they've always been so reasonable in the past, and that since its not the new year yet, they would surely honor it.  
I was told I would get a call back after the gentleman I spoke with talked to the owner. I never got a call. I called back, was told they would not honor it. I asked to speak to the owner, and was told I couldn't because he wasn't there and wouldn't be there until next year. SERIOUSLY?! Your owner isn't going to come by at all during the holidays, where I have to imagine its got to be busy! Ok fine. So I asked for a phone number, email, anything. Nope. Refused. After much back and forth I was pretty much told I was SOL and could not speak to the owner, the decision maker. I was completely beside myself that a legitimate business would not let a loyal and reasonable customer speak to the person who is telling her what she can and cannot do.
Needless to say, this place lost a loyal customer and will no longer be receiving referrals. Very disappointed.Last night, my boyfriend and I went to Roberto Cafe on a whim. It looked like a quaint Italian BYOB, similar on the outside to a couple other places I've enjoyed in Philadelphia. 
After taking our order, the waiter asked us to move to a different table so he could make a table for four. I understand the motive, but he didn't make it seem like we had a choice.
Most importantly, I feel like I have an obligation to publicly announce what I ordered at Roberto Cafe so that others don't make the same mistake. I ordered Gnocci Roberto, and my bf ordered Risotto e Scamorza. The gnocci sauce tasted like it was from a jar, and the risotto tasted like Papa John's sausage tossed with slightly undercooked Rice-a-Roni. We thought about rearranging the food on the plate so that it looked like we ate some of it, but then we decided it was bad enough not to spare the kitchen's pride. 
The waiter came to collect our plates, and he asked us directly why we hadn't finished the risotto. My bf politely and briefly explained that he didn't like the taste. The waiter was confrontational, defensive, and couldn't handle polite criticism. He told us, "this is what risotto is," "this is Italian food," "we should read the ingredients before you order," and "you should know what you're ordering."
I STRONGLY encourage anyone who is looking for a cute Italian BYOB in Philadelphia to go elsewhere. Don't support a place that values their pride over their customers' satisfaction. And if you do go, make sure you bring an extra bottle of wine so that you can be intoxicated enough to appreciate poor service and bleh food.If you're looking for a small, intimate setting, this is the place! The food was delicious & the service was fantastic. Even on a Saturday night, the staff were extremely attentive & our food was prepared so quickly we barely had time to digest between courses.Best Italian BYO in the neighborhood (that I've been to at least!). 
Really delicious homemade pasta. Very reasonably priced, and good sized portions. 
Don't forget to bring your own wine!We went as a party of four with a reservation and were seated promptly. Our waiter had a legitimate accent which was awesome. The food was...Italian. It was average. It was good but we probably aren't going again for dinner. However, we are definitely returning for the Tiramisu.Back to Roberto's for the second time in a week.  The first time was for our anniversary, and the second time was to introduce friends to our favorite neighborhood restaurant.  We were not disappointed either time.  Both times we had some of our favorites: muscles with garlic and white wine, a salad, and the bronzino for 2.  Fernando filleted it at our table, and that encouraged a table near us to also order the fish for 2.  Both tables were happy with their selections.  Our friends ordered pasta with crab and salmon, respectively.  Based on the cleanliness of their plates I'd have to say the entrees were a hit.  Both couples decided to share a dessert, and we gobbled up the chocolate lava cake (my words; I cannot recall what it was called, but there was a chocolate cake with a warm chocolate middle that was to die for) served with ice cream with chocolate sauce drizzled on it.  We all had coffee (2 decaf and 2 regulars), and our friends commented about how good the coffee was.
One of the nice things about Roberto's is that it is BYOB.  That saves a lot on the overall cost of the meal.  We'd go even if they had a liquor license, because the food is that good and the attention to detail is spot on.
BTW, my husband usually orders the beef special, but he mentioned to me tonight that while that is good he actually prefers the branzino.  WOW!  How good a recommendation is that from a former Texan?We live right around the corner and we make our own wine but for some reason had been completely overlooking/forgetting about this little BYOB. The other night we went for the first time, and I'm sure we'll go back again, although if there were another BYO as close as Robertos...  maybe not? The restaurant is small and really really pleasant. We were sitting on a two-top right next to another small table but it wasn't close enough to be uncomfortable. The servers were super attentive-- uncorked our bottle right away, refilled our glasses before we realized they were running low, and cleared just about every plate off the table in one quick scoop. I just really felt like they wanted us to enjoy ourselves; they weren't just going through the motions. 
The food was good but not magnificent. I would recommend it to others for sure, but I'd never say it was the best or a must-eat-there kinda place.  We ordered bruchetta & mussels for appetizers (both really good), followed by two small pasta dishes (I had whatever pasta comes with zucchini.. it was really mellow/light and an excellent small portion, just enough to get me ready for the main course. He ordered something with a red sauce... it was clearly a little bit forgettable). We had chicken & tilapia for entrees... both very good but not excellent. They were cooked well and neither was dry but they both had this same tangy flavor.. maybe it was a similar sauce? Too much tangy-ness, anyway, not enough of a variety of tastes. They both came with a plate of side veggies...   just some potatoes & zucchini, both seemed dry & bland.    For dessert, he got the cannoli (it's small, just be prepared for that and don't get too excited) and I got the tiramisu. oh my.... soooooooooooo good.    
Now that I think of it, I think I'd like to just go back to bring my wine & eat more desserts.    Overall pretty pleased though!  The lobster ravioli that I saw on the menu is stuck in my mind to try next time.Cute little place with decent Italian, but certainly not the best you can get in Philly.  It's an easy stroll to Roberto's from my place, so my boyfriend and I decided to try it one night.
Service was friendly, but my pasta (mushroom and chicken) wasn't remarkable.  It was also BURNING LAVA HOT when I took my first bite.  Like McDonald's coffee spill lawsuit hot.  But hey, at least it was fresh for the kitchen right?  The dish advertised wild mushrooms, but I'm positive they were just white mushrooms.  My boyfriend's salmon was tasty though.
It's hard to go wrong with a BYOB Italian place though, so I'll likely return.Update:
We made a second visit to Roberto Cafe with some out of town guests (who are not really "foodies"). After a quick stop in the Wine & Spirits we walked into Roberto, which unbelievably was empty on a Friday night at 7:00, though the place began to fill up around the time we left. 
All the positives from my previous review still stand true. The service was absolutely impeccable, the food was excellent again. 
We started with mussels and clams in white sauce and the cold roasted pepper app. The mussels were some of the most tender I've ever had and the sauce was very tasty. The roasted pepper came with some incredible sharp cheese and went perfectly with a slice of the pepper and some of the fresh Italian bread.
I had the rotini with lump crab, which was simple but excellent. Other orders included the lobster ravioli (on special again), the salmon and a roasted chicken entree. Every single plate was cleaned.
This time, even though I was really full, I shoved in some desert - a chocolate dipped canoli and a cappuccino - which was also excellent. Other deserts on the table were a chocolate suflay, tiramisu and a lemon sorbet. Again every plate was cleaned. 
In addition to food the atmosphere is really what pushes this place into the 5 star range. The staff is extremely friendly, charming and attentive. They also understand the importance of really taking time with a good meal - we sat from around 7 until almost 9 and were never rushed but at the same time the pacing of the courses was perfect. When we left we were each helped into our jackets - no big deal but a nice touch. 
Roberto might just be the best kept secret in Philly.Roberto Cafe gets the five star review, because at Roberto you get the five star treatment. The moment you walk in the door, expect VIP treatment. In my first review, I described the food as "unremarkable". The limitations were were mine not theirs. The chefs at Robertos are clever and not afraid to play with flavor combinations. The dishes that require simplicity, are simply delicious. An example of the clever, is an Italian take on the Eastern European comfort food stuffed cabbages. The owner told me he loved them, and wanted to put his own spin on them. They are a home run, with ground lamb instead of ground beef, and a ton of garlic and white wine in place of tomato sauce. 
An example of simple is the calamari. Grilled not fried, and just a hint of lemon. They let the flavor of the squid stand on it's own. 
The staff at Robertos is happy to accommodate you any way they can. They will change an aspect of the dish or if you love one of the appetisers, they will double the portion and make it your entree. The owner said any way you want it is no big deal, since we are cooking it up per your order. One of our diners was a few minutes late and the owner noticed, so he went back in the kitchen and made up two kinds of brochette, and sauteed us up some fresh peppers on the house. 
Robertos is flying a little below the "trendy radar" so get on board because some secrets can not last forever.I have passed by this place many times without a second glance, but last weekend we were walking around the neighborhood in the early afternoon and decided to give this place a try. Service was very helpful, and the waiter described in great detail the specials of the day. Here's a quick rundown of what was served:
Sharp provolone with roasted peppers and fresh basil - Very simple, but high quality ingredients made this a nice starter to go with the bread (which was nice and crusty)
Spaghetti with clams, scallops & other shellfish in a simple garlic and tomato oglio - Tasty sauce, well cooked shelfish and a large portion made this a winner
Home-made pappardelle with chicken and shiitake mushrooms in a creamy pesto sauce - The home-made pappardelle was fantastic, but the cream sauce was a little too rich
Risotto with veal sausage - The risotto was al dente and the sausage flavorful, but this was a tad bit greasy
Salmon with asparagus, tomato and zuchini - Standard salmon dish, but well executed
Tiramisu - Standard, much like the salmon. Not especially notable in either a positive or negative sense.
Overall I'd say the food was average to slightly above average, the portions were generous (there were leftovers from each entree good for another meal), and the waitstaff was very friendly and helpful. Dinner for four came to roughly $100 including tip.This is a great little restaurant.  It has a very quiet and romantic atmosphere, great for a date.  The food is all excellent - I had the arugula salad, risotto with veal sausage, and tiramisu, which all tasted great.  The entree was a very big portion that I got to take home in a doggy bag.  You also get complimentary bruschetta and bread.  The prices are reasonable and the service is very good.  I will definitely be back.So we ended up finding Roberto's cafe by mistake when our previous dining choices did not seem to fill our wants for diner. With that being said Roberto's is an unassuming store front with a tiny, cozy and dimly lit interior with simple decor a BYOB policy and about 8 or 9 tables at most. 
 Skipping ahead to the food, special appetizer was a stuffed red pepper with vegetable risotto.... simple, classic, wonderful, flavorful. The other dishes were fine as well but what had to be the standout at the table that night was these lobster raviolis that I'm still thinking about now. They again were simple and delicate with an amazing and fresh seafood taste, lobster chunks in almost a mouse consistency filling that was amazing. The outer pasta shell was hand shaped different sizes and extremely light and homemade.... These were the BEST lobster raviolis I've ever tasted, and have tried many. 
 Service was attentive and perhaps the owners? No black and white classic waiter look here, excellent service. 
 Overall a spot if I was in the area I would absolutely frequent.After a long day and night of unpacking and moving into our new apartment, my boyfriend and I decided to go for a relatively late night meal. We could basically see Roberto's BYOB sign from our window and decided to hop, skip and jump there. Not literally, but we might as well have. 
It was about 9:30, and the place was empty. We felt a little bit bad coming in because they were clearly starting to clean up for the night, but Roberto (?) insisted we stay. I ordered two appetizers, my boyfriend had the lobster ravioli. Our wine was corked and two tiny complimentary pieces of bruschetta were brought to the table. My boyfriend scarfed down his ravioli in minutes and insisted that it was worth the $22. My two appetizers, which included a white bean bruschetta and portobello/mozzarella stack, were good but nothing special. We tipped well because it was so late, and walked out spending $50, which seemed outrageous to me for some reason. Just didn't seem like the meal was worth that much.I thought Roberto Cafe is an OK Italian BYOB. The place is really small, but cozy.
We were impressive by the friendly service. 
Food was good, although not exceptional. They don't use top ingredients (i.e. no extra-virgin olive oil, real Parmesan cheese, etc), but everything felt "homey".
I think this is a good, unpretentious place for a casual dinner.
Prices are very reasonable, too. I would rate it 3.5 starts if i could....When searching for a BYOB restaurant for my birthday I had to satisfy a few too many requirements and was at a loss of where to go. Most of the places I thought of refused a reservation on a Saturday night or simply couldn't guarantee they would be able to seat 15 people if we should arrive without one. After changing the location for what seemed like the 100th time my boyfriend suggested Roberto Cafe. It's close by, the food is good from what we heard and the owner was willing to make the needed reservation (although a little hesitant).
The owner and servers for the evening were flat out phenomenal. All 15 people arrived and there was a long table ready for us. They kept the champagne chilled and kept the wine we brought flowing. The orders were taken, including apps for the table and entrees, and not a single order came out incorrectly. The complimentary bruschetta was wonderful, the grilled calamari app was awesome and the lobster ravioli with crab and scallop on top was just fabulous. To top it off, my brothers had brought an ice cream cake all the way from Boston and the staff was truly remarkable in keeping it frozen, out of my sight and then distributing it to the table.
I cannot say enough good things about the food, the service and the just perfect evening that the staff at Roberto provided! Thank you!Roberto's is a cool and accommodating BYOB. The service is friendly and efficient. You feel welcome as soon as you get in the door, and the feeling continues throughout your meal, and as they wish you goodbye as you leave, the waitstaff and owners appreciate your business and they let you know it. 
The food is good but unremarkable, that being said they give you a good amount and is priced appropriately. 
The real draw to Roberto's is the service. If you split the salad, they bring it plated for two. As long as their is sauce on your plate, they make sure their is bread on the table. 
All three of us dining, had pasta. I will definitely go back to try a meat dish, because even though it wasn't the best Italian food i have ever had, I really enjoyed my evening. 
Side note: the waiter reminded me of Vinny Vedecci from La Revista Di La Television Con Vinny Vedecci. that probably alone deserves another star!Very nice small BYOB restaurant.  Price and food portions are very reasonable.  Service was very good and waiter was easily engaged in conversation.  I had the mussels, calamari and clams with pasta.  Red sauce did not overpower the seafood and the pasta was cooked to perfection.  There must be a secret that I'm unaware of to cooking pasta just right without it not being over or under done.  
Fusilli with chicken was very good and no complaints from my brother in law who ordered the Veal Saltimbocca.  Shrimp dish ordered was a little light on shrimp for the price.  All in all a great dining experience. Easily 4 stars for price, service and food quality.Was pleasantly surprised! This place is intimate and great for a double date! The food came out really fast and it was amazing! I had a great time with my boyfriend here and I would love to stop by again.3.5 stars. Roberto Cafe is a nice neighborhood Italian BYOB that has a vibrant atmosphere but can be pretty loud. The selections are pretty interesting and the food tastes fresh. The meals are also normal sized, which is a nice change from the gigantic portions many restaurants serve. It is one of those restaurants lower down on our radar screen, but when we think of it, we are always happy to go there.My boyfriend and I were intrigued by the painted sign and had a nice Friday night dinner here. It is a tiny 12-table BYOB and the waiter/owner was very nice and helpful. Service was excellent. Food was perfectly timed and delicious. The overall experience, both atmosphere and food, reminded me very strongly of a small Roman restaurant you'd find in Trastevere. The hallmark of such restaurants is relatively simple food with few but all high-quality ingredients, no need to use excessive spice/salt/garlic to mask poor cooking or quality. It was quiet and intimate and we stayed for nearly 3 hours without feeling like we had to leave. Definitely going back!The small but tasteful, both in their decor and their food, Italian BYOB on South seems overlooked. I give it 4 stars because I can't think of an unpleasureable bite in any of my three courses. The prices are on the low end in my opinion-probably because you're not paying for the brand name, as you would for a more well known Philly establishment. But in this case, your server is more like your neighbor and close friend for the night. He is likely going to leave you with partially understood specials due to his thick, but wonderful, accent. It's Italian cuisine though, so there will likely be mozzarella, tomato, basil and other delicious ingredients...no need to fret. 
From 7:30 until they closed, on a Tuesday evening, we were the only people in that restaurant. Kind of fun hearing the kitchen light up as soon as you put your order in, just watch out when the music stops, cuz all 5 people in there will here you say, "...and thats how honey is made!"No reason to come back.
I agree with other reviews. The place is nicely decorated and feels homey, unless you are seated next to the stairwell and coat rack. We were. Ugh! I spent my meal scooching in and to the side every five minutes.
The service is nice and pleasent, but not sharp. My girlfriend and I wanted to share an app, share a salad, and order an entree each. You know what happened. App, salad, and bread all showed up at the same time. I hate when restaurants do this.
My risotto was ok and the portion was generous. My date's Chicken Saltimbucca was all right and, honestly, a little small.
One app, one salad, two entree's totaled $85.00 with the tip. Too much money for that particular dinner on that particular night. I'm giving it three stars for the ambience, the friendly service, and assuming that I would have enjoyed everything more if I weren't crammed into that lousy seat.Enjoyed this BYOB with a small group of co-workers. The food was delicious and the wait-staff (seems family-owned) was polite and quick. Fills up quick, make a reservation.My wife and I (and dog) were walking down South St. during lunch time and popped in here for a bite and thoroughly enjoyed it!  They had just opened for the day so we were able to snag a table outside.  Our waiter (which may have been the owner now that I think of it), came out with our menu's, a pitcher of water and bowl for our dog which was really nice.  He also brought out some complimentary bruschetta which was a nice treat 
Food was delicious; my wife had the Insalata Mista Con Pollo and I had the Gnocchi.  We shared plates and were very impressed; her salad had the perfect amount of dressing and my ghocchi was so good!  Plus the waiter/owner came out a bunch of times and check on us and give our dog treats (so now he wants to go back soon too!)
Highly recommend to anyone in the Graduate Hospital/Rittenhouse areaIt wasn't horrible but it wasn't good. There are a lot better places. It's not really fresh and they really skimp on the cheese. Mostly small pasta dishes. Decor is eh. Didn't really feel welcome.Food was decent, but service was terrible! The waiter was an old italian man who rushed us through every course and was more concerned with getting us out the door than serving us. We were a party of 9 and had reservations well in advance.  We were seated right away, but then the rushing began. As soon as we took our last sip of coffee they literally asked us to leave so that they could have the table. I'm never going back there.A gem of a BYO!  Brothers Francisco and Roberto take pride in their high quality and very personal restaurant, and it shows plainly in the excellent food and service at Roberto Cafe.
An unexpected gift of a very nice bottle of Malbec convinced us to go BYO last night, and we were determined to try someplace we'd never been before.  Thank you Yelp for the assistance in pointing us to Roberto Cafe.
The food is simple in construction but not without nuance, authentically Italian-Italian (as opposed to NY/NJ/PA-Italian!), and prepared quickly and with excellent ingredients.  Pasta sauces in particular are absolutely as fresh as can be and the best I've had in Philly other than at Tre Scalini.  Every component of everything we had (the dressing on a salad, the broth the white-bean appetizer was served in, the breading on the chicken, the bruschetta topping) was obviously prepared that day by human hands from ingredients selected carefully.  
The menu, including the dessert menu, is unpretentious and reasonably priced.  The $32 four course chef's tasting menu was a  nice option, as well.I wasn't wowed by Roberto Cafe and I mean that as a compliment. There's nothing fancy or extravagant going on here. Just simple, well-prepared Italian food in a cozy and friendly atmosphere. It's a BYOB, so if you have some good Italian wine on hand, it can make for a comforting, inexpensive dinner.
My friend and I both started with lentil soup which was lighter than most lentil soups that I have had but no less tasty. When then shared an order of gamberi e fagioli served in a light lemon sauce. It included asparagus which was a little tough, then again it is January and not prime asparagus season. Similarly, the tomatoes on the complementary bruschette were winter-bland.
For entrees, I had fusilli e granghio. The light pink cream sauce had the right touch as cream sauces can sometimes be overbearing. The pasta was pleasantly al dente with just the right amount of crab meat. As much as I love crab meat, a little goes a long way for me. Again, just the right touch. My friend enjoyed her gnocchi Roberto. I had a taste and found it to be likewise nicely done. 
The cafe is small and I can imagine it fills up quickly on weekend nights. We went for an early Sunday dinner and had no problem getting seated right away. Unfortunately, it was on a 20 degree night and we were close to the door which made for a somewhat chilly dinner.
The service was attentive and friendly. We did not have dessert but still had wine left and felt comfortable lingering as we finished and never felt rushed despite not ordering anything else. 
They have an outdoor patio which we are looking forward to trying in the spring.Classic Italian cuisine served by very friendly Italian gentlemen!  My husband and I are regulars!  The fusilli with crab in the pink sauce is our favorite!Really great local, neighborhood BYOB.  The owner is the nicest gentleman straight from Italy!  The food is incredible--fresh ingredients for everything.  The pasta is homemade. The price is very, very good for this local gem.  In the summer, ask to sit in the back on the patio--such a nice way to experience a meal in the city!It's a great place!  This place is the real thing!  By that, I mean that the meals seem very authentic, as well as the accent of the waiter.  The place was small and intimate, which I liked immediately.  I'm not a big eater by any means, so being able to split the entree was a great advantage.  The split is $2.00 more, and we split the Pollo Parmigiana (Chicken Parmesan) and that left us both with a NORMAL portion of food.  We ordered a split Caesar salad beforehand, and the dressing was a touch fishy, but that is also because I am extremely picky with that particular kind of dressing.  The chicken in my entree was cut very thin, which I LOVE and everything was perfect.  I hope to visit again.  I forgot to mention that the service was efficient and friendly.  A Sunday night can be hit or miss, but we definitely had a great experience!  Two thumbs up!Roberto's offered a $50 4 course Valentine's Day meal.  It was wonderful.  The portions were smaller than their usual portions, but the fact that they had 4 courses more than made up for it.  We suggested they do this more often, and we were told regulars can ask for this any time.  We are regulars, and we plan on asking for the 4 course offering in the future.I absolutely love this place.  My boyfriend and I live in the neighborhood and this is our place!  The crab pasta is to die for.  It's all about the pink sauce.  Can't even begin to tell you how good it is.  The boyfriend usually gets either the chicken parm or the veal milanese, both very good.  The red sauce to the chick parm is very very good.  The  veal dinner is simple, yet always hits the mark.  The service is excellent and the price, you can't beat.  Can't wait to go back again.We've only been there once, but my husband and I loved it.  The cappuccino and dessert was awesome!!!  And the owners/staff are so great... so polite and nice.  I had the gnocchi and sauce and it was excellent.  I left fulfilled and happy with energy to go... not that heavy feeling that over-processed food can give you.It was a dark and stormy night...oh wait, every night has been a dark and stormy night this winter...when we hit this place around 8:30 on a Tuesday.  I forget why we chose this place way out of our neighborhood but we walked in there wasn't another customer in the place.  Not a good sign but we stayed.  Like all the other reviews, the place is adorable and the service is so very nice but I can't believe what I'm reading about the food.  I had, hands down, THE BEST red sauce I have had in Philadelphia.  Ever.  The bread was that thick, heavy, crusty, home made stuff.  Bread and sauce, the two most important things about any Italian restaurant in my book, were outstanding.  The BF's mother is from the same region in Italy as the owner and chef and he kept saying, "this taste's like my mother's" about almost everything that came to our table.  Evidently, not only delicious but truly authentic.  Both our meals were outstanding, beautifully presented and if we weren't getting another 8" (of snow) I'd probably go back there tomorrow night.We went as a large group to support local businesses in the area. Because we filled the entire restaurant, we got a $30 price fixe menu. There were some nice snacky entrees (a few pieces of bruschetta, mozerrella with zucchini, and two or three mussels each). We then all got an entree (fish, chicken, or veal --  just like a wedding). Everything tasted fine, but we were all grabbing for the bread basket when we realized that was it. 
For that price, I needed more. An italian restaurant should be overflowing with pasta, especially during a $30 a head menu. Fill people up so they leave happy!The people who run the place and the staff are great.  Every time we've been here we love it.  These guys take pride in serving quality food very well prepared.Roberto Cafe was a pretty solid Italian BYO place to go. They don't have enough space for huge crowds but we had a group of 8 and they were able to accommodate us just fine. The waiter (not sure if it was Roberto..?) was very pleasant and did not seem to mind that we were a little rowdier than the average customer. There weren't many college kids here so if you are a little older and looking for a BYO to go to this might be a good place for you. I had the gnocchi which was quite tasty although it was kind of a small portion compared to other Italian restaurants (I usually like to get an extra lunch out of it when I go to an Italian dinner but I ate all of mine right up). Overall, nice cozy atmosphere and good food!Very attentive service, food is ok, no better than other italian BYOB's in the area.  To my surprise there was a corkage fee and a plate sharing fee, so I'll probably opt to try a different place next time.Stopped in on a Thursday night circa 7pm and was able to be sat promptly.
Excellent service
Excellent food
Get to whole fish served table sideI just returned from a very disappointing dinner experience at Roberto Cafe with a group of 5 friends. I came into the restaurant with good spirits; I love Italian food and was excited to try a new BYOB in Philadelphia. As soon as we sat down, though, it felt like we were a low priority: one member of our group wasn't given a menu, we had to ask for bread three times before they brought it, and we repeatedly asked for water refills. These inconveniences were annoying, but there are three reasons why I'll never return to Roberto Cafe: 
(1) A member of our party, who is a vegetarian, tried to order the Penne Amatriciana ("Penne pasta with pancetta, onions, and romano cheese in a lightly spicy marinara sauce") without the pancetta.  When the dish came, it was literally a bowl of penne with marinara sauce. My friend asked where the onions and cheese were, and if the sauce was spicy. Our waiter (presumably the owner) assured us that the onions were inside the tomato sauce (even though we didn't see any onions, even minced onion), then he brought over some red pepper flakes to "make the sauce spicy" and, after more requests, finally some cheese. Upon spooning cheese onto the penne, the waiter made sure to tell me that my gnocchi had cheese on it already, but if I wanted more, he would give me some more. 
(2) Overall, the food was less than mediocre: the bread basket didn't even have enough bread for everyone at our table (there were six of us, so it shouldn't have been difficult to put six slices of bread in the basket). The portions were also TINY: I left starving (I'm 5"2, 110 lbs, and I had a snack before coming to dinner) and I've never left any restaurant -- much less a restaurant where I load up on carbs -- hungry. 
(3) The menu prices in the restaurant did not reflect the menu prices listed on the website. I think that this is an extremely dishonest way to conduct business. Finally, when we got our bill, which averaged $16/person (for our bowls of pasta and sauce, which probably cost less than $3 to produce) we saw that there was a predetermined 20% tip built into our bill.  We assumed that there would be a fixed gratuity because we were a party of 6, but we didn't know that it would be 20%. Additionally, and outrageously, the bill was totally illegible and impossible to decipher, and our "tip" was based off of the price AFTER tax. In other words, we ended up tipping on more than 20% of our food bill because our tip was calculated on top of the tax. 
I go to restaurants to eat food that is better than what I make at home. I also don't like to feel like I'm being taken advantage of, especially when I'm paying for food. Roberto Cafe should be more careful with the way in which it describes its dishes on its menu and in how it calculates its bills -- tip and tax are always calculated independently of one another. If I could give this restaurant zero stars, I would.I first went to Roberto Cafe with my parents back when it opened. The meal was amazing. The waiter seemed like he was perhaps the son or family member of the owner; he was knowledgeable, friendly, and all-around excellent. 
With high expectations, my boyfriend and I decided to go back about a month ago, only to have one of the worst dining experiences I've had since moving to Philly 5 years ago (I've been lucky).  In fact, the experience was bad enough that I sought out Yelp to write my first-ever review. 
First, the wonderful waiter I had on my original trip was replaced with a waitress who was young and awkward and made a couple of weird comments right off the bat that had my boyfriend and I looking puzzedly at eachother.  On top of this, she stood about 3 feet from our table the entire time we ate-- yes, the place has the ability to appear tiny and cute, but it's just tiny and uncomfortable when someone is literally watching you eat (and yes, she definitely was because she even remarked on the way my boyfriend was eating). 
The food itself just wasn't that good either. The meal was nothing special; I had the Pollo Sorrento for $ 14.00 (not expensive but as I said, nothing special either).  Perhaps I've been in Philly long enough now that I've found some really great, inexpensive food (like Sabrina's).  Whatever the reason, going back to this place was just an all-around disappointment, with "awkward" and "unsatisfying" being the key descriptors. 
I don't like the idea of writing a bad review-- the idea of negatively impacting someone's business kinda makes me feel a little scummy.  That said, my experience was bad enough to risk scumbag-dum (I know it's not a word). If you're looking for "accessible," "affordable," "cozy," and "unpretentious" (all words Craig  LaBan, Inquirer Restaurant Critic, used to describe Roberto's), sure, I guess this place meets those qualifications.  But if things like a "good meal,"  "comfortable atmosphere," and "quality waitstaff" matter to you, I'd suggest looking elsewhere.When to Roberta's Cafe for the second time in a year and half. It was my husband and I and a new couple friend. They had suggested the place and we cordially said sure not quite remember the details of the last experience. So we are all checking out the menu and talking quite a bit to learn more about each other. We all decided our appetizers and thought let's put that order in and continue checking out the menu. Well the server said no, period. We must place our whole order at once. What? Why?  We were not in a rush but I guess they were. So we complied and gave them the whole order asking to not rush it. Appetizers came out and before I knew it my dish was being taken away because dinner was ready. Dinner comes and goes the same way. I'm not a slow eater but I do like to take my time to savor my meal and enjoy my company. Then he was ready to bring the check and we asked about desert and each ordered something. Again same thing but this time I coveted my plate.  I was half done and again without asking tried to pull my plate from out me. 
I think the food was good but the services are unexceptable for a few reasons. First everyone I thought knows that you wait to all are finished before removing plates. And if someone has food on their plate and you think they may be finished at least ask. If I can't finish my meal then I would like the opportunity to take the remainder home. I just thought the service was so poor and for no reason. All tables were for one seating; it wasn't like they were lining up outside to come in. 
Roberta's cafe could almost be 4 star but the waitstaff needs some training in general restaurant etiquette. Too bad could be a good place.I have been to Roberto's a half dozen times and have enjoyed it each time.  The food is typical Italian fare, but the intimacy of the place and the personality of the servers make the visits worthwhile.How is it possible that I have lived one block away from Roberto for a year and walked past it a hundred times and yet hadn't ventured in until a month ago?  Well, I don't know, but I'm glad I finally did.  This is now my go-to place for a nice, relaxed dinner out.  The owner and staff remember you and treat you in such a welcoming way, the atmosphere is cozy, the ingredients are simple and fresh, everything we've tasted has been wonderful and we can save a bit by bringing our own bottle of wine.  What's not to like?  I've read the reviews that said the food was not up to snuff, and really can't understand that.  Still, I'm fine with some folks deciding not to return so that this hidden gem and my new favorite neighborhood restaurant doesn't become too busy and lose its great vibe :)Excellent Italian food with a really cute outdoor seating area. My only complaint is that there were a lot of Mosquitos outside as we went during early August. The good was great and the prices were very reasonable. This place is byo which is always a plus.Tried to give this place a second try since the first time I went was on a Monday. Not worth it. Very friendly atmosphere and byob is a good aspect but I probably won't go again unless it's with a huge group for a byob. The food is just ehhhExcellent service, friendly owners and staff, seating cozy and not jammed together,  food always excellent.  Not sure why this great neighborhood restaurant isn't always packed.I got ripped off on a Friday night dinner.
My fiance and I went for what we thought would be a good italian meal out.  We ordered a salad each, a stuffed ravioli to share and a branzino fish to share.  The ravioloi and the branzino were on their special list.  Neither which had a price listed, but given that everything on the regular menu was about $15, I thought that each would be about $15.  I was very surprised to see that each entree was $30, and since we split them, they added insult to injury and added an additional $4 to each entree.  I guess we should have been informed consumers and asked what the price was before we ordered off their special menu, but we didn't think to ask.
The food was ok, but given that the bill came out to be over $100 for 2, it should have been better than just ok.  It should have been fine italian dining.  I don't want sound cheep, but we it was not what we paid for.Made our third visit to Roberto last Friday night.  Having moved from the east side of Graduate Hospital to the west, this is now one of the closet BYO's to our new home.  The shorter walk was lovely, but everything else remained the same.
First off I love the interior of Roberto.  The exposed brick and yellow walls give the small space a sun-burnt Tuscan vibe.  The owners/servers are very nice and attentive.  Their thick accents can be a bit difficult to understand when hearing the specials, but that just adds to the authenticity in my book.  It definitely feels right.
The food, unfortunately, does not.  In my opinion, Roberto's cuisine is just not up to par with other Mediterranean fare that can be found right down the street.  Uninspired is a word I might us.  Maybe it was my selections, or a few off nights for the chef, but out of three visits only once did I feel I had an above average meal.  The sentiment among the parties I dined with was the same.  This was especially the case on our last visit.
On each trip to Roberto we have ordered the calamari appetizer special.  Each time I think I am going to love it (I want to love it), but each time the seafood is overpowered by the heavy marinara sauce.  The mozzarella starter is good, but not my favorite flavor.  We also enjoyed the shrimp, but the dish was too small to give too much of a lasting impact.  For entrees, in my three visits we have pretty much tried it all.  The short rib special was the best I've had so far (my first visit).  Last time around I had the risotto - something I do not usually order - and felt it was bland.  The response to the food from the rest of my party was the definition of "meh."  I am sure there are a few real winners on the menu, but I have not been lucky in my choices so far.
Most times when we dine at any of Philly's fine BYO's, someone, if not everyone is remarking about one part of the meal or another.  In our last two visits to Roberto, we left full and satisfied (probably the wine), but not singing any praises.  We'll be back because of the proximity to our home, but I am still looking for that one meal that has me leaving like a songbird, instead of penguin.