Went here on a Saturday afternoon right before going to the Made in America Festival. The smell of grille outside Home Depot definitely will draw anyone around the area in. There were a few people in line. They handed out samples right when we stepped in. We ordered the regular chorizo and the sweet/spicy chorizo, both with onions and peppers! serving size was about a footlong. It was amazing!!! 5 stars for sure!!! for two chorizos, 2 drinks and two bags of chip, it came out to $18. A great quick tasty meal!Perfect location and perfect food.
Large Sausage sandwich for when you are done shopping at the Depot!
Absolutely perfect food accompanied with sitting outside depot.   
A tradition if you will.
Go, be fat, thank me later.These sandwiches are terrific. They are the best sausage sandwiches this side of Jimmy Buffs.We had the sweet sausage and it was tasty! The guys behind the counter were very friendly and helpful with my questions. I can't wait to return this weekend to try their spicy sausage sandwich.One wouldn't expect to find a nice sandwich shop conveniently moored outside the entrance of Home Depot... But my hypoglycemia was much obliged by the wonderful smells and succulent tastes of Italian sausage sandwiches! I try to avoid pork at all costs, but when you're hungry - you'll eat anything! To my chagrin these were the most amazing sausage sandwiches that I've ever had in my life! My partner split a sweet sausage sandwich smothered with fried onions and bathed in mustard. It put some pep back into my step and gave me the nutritional strength to shop the expansiveness of Home Depot! Awesome mid day snack on a cold winter day!!This is one of those places I never thought I'd actually visit... but then, one hungry day at Home Depot my entire outlook of Rocco's changed! 
I was greeted by very friendly counter attendants who gave me a sample of the Italian sausage while I perused the menu. I decided upon a cheesesteak with provolone and they made it to order in a few quick minutes. 
I usually get "wit onions" but there was a giant stack of onions on the fryer that looked like they'd been there for a few too many hours, so I passed on Rocco's onions. 
They asked multiple times if I wanted ketchup or mustard or any other sauce on my cheesesteak. Maybe I'm an oddity but I've never used any such sauce on my steaks. 
While this choice really wasn't the healthiest option I could've had for dinner - the simple bread, grease, steak, and cheese combo was really yummy and hit the spot. Oh, and it came with a free bag of chips! 
If I'm in a pinch in Home Depot in the future, I'd really be tempted to grab a repeat.This was easily the best cheese steak and best sausage sandwich I had in Philly.  Why?  Because when you walk in the door they give you a piece of sausage!  And no drunk people with deluded MMA aspirations are pushing/crowding/generally being asshats are ruining the experience of a delicious, delicious sandwich.I was looking for something different while I was shopping in South Philly and the wonderful Yelp app pointed out to me a place called Rocco's. The pictures looked delicious. The reviews looked good too. Let's give it a try!
Not much to say about this place. It is in a shack right in front of the Home Depot. There is a door on the left and a door on the right. They have some picnic benches set up outside. I walked in and saw a big grill with sausage on it. I told the guy I haven't been there before. He cut me off a piece of the sweet and a piece of the hot to sample. I ordered a hot sausage with fried peppers and onions with ketchup and mustard. The sandwich was awesome! I am craving it now again. I want more, and lucky for me I have to go back to that area again today so I think I will have more.
They offer other sandwiches there too. I imagine the breakfast stuff has got to be good. 
The one thing I didn't like about the place is the fact that it is cash only. They have an ATM there. I didn't have a debt card on me. Just credit cards. Lucky for me I keep an emergency cash stash in my car. This was definitely an emergency situation. I had my sausage and I loved it.
Worthy of 4 stars because the service was fast, the food was hot, and it tasted great. Would have been 5 stars if they accepted credit cards. Go check this place out if you haven't done so. Yumm!My brother, who lives in the Philadelphia area, told me about a sausage shop that he had been to that had the best sausage sandwich he had ever tasted.  Now, my brother isn't given to fits of hyperbole, but I had to see this place and taste it for myself.  We walked in and I told the fellow behind the counter, "I came all the way from Minnesota, drove 1300 miles (lie!!) to taste your sausage sandwich and it better be worth the trip."  I laughed and he did too, and he then gave me a sample of the mild sausage.  The sample was about and inch and a half long, and was THE BEST SAUSAGE I'VE EVER TASTED.  PERIOD. I ordered up a sandwich, which was slathered with yellow mustard and loaded with fried onions.  Thought I died and went to heaven. I simply can't muster up enough superlatives to describe how wonderfully delicious this was.  The only thing wrong?  I had to leave the next day for Minnesota and won't be able to have another one until I go back. I guarantee Rocco's will be at the top of the list of places to go when I do return to Pholadelphia.  Do yourself a favor and get one of these sandwiches.  I guarantee you that you will not be disappointed. 
A fan for life from Richfield, MNI dare anyone to resist that smell!!  I went to Home Depot this morning and got lured into Rocco's by that wonderful aroma of grilled sausage, peppers, and onions.  Its like that scene in an old bugs bunny cartoon where a smell puts bugs into a trance and he floats towards it.  
There is no fast food in the world that can beat a sausage sandwich from here.  I love this place!!!Well worth the trip from anywhere in Philly. Forget Pat's and Gino's, and particularly forget Tony Luke's that are all over priced and over rated. This is by far the best place in town, and the sausage is amazing. I'm taking colleagues there from work in a couple months who insisted on the best in Philly rather than the famous, my mouth is watering already.The following details my experience at Rocco's this morning.
I arrived at 7:15AM. Even though their hours were posted as opening at 7, they weren't.  Finally, after a few minutes I was let inside.  Not a great start, but ok.
On the grill cooking away were lots of rings of sausages and they looked pretty tasty.  I ordered 4 sausage,egg and cheese sandwiches for my work breakfast club.
I watched the line cook work the griddle and waft what seemed like an ocean of grease off the flat top.  He cut the portions of the sausages for the sandwiches, split them in half and proceeded to cook them more, almost of the point of burnt.
When I got to work and served these, each of us found them to all be sweet sausages and so chewy (overcooked) that they were inedible.  We abandoned our sandwiches midway through because why take on the calories if you're not getting enjoyment.
I do believe that this establishment can do better but it will be a long time until I return.
I was disappointed.Odd location but a solid option if you're looking for a hot or sweet sausage. The portion sizes are huge!
For $8.50, that includes the sandwich, chips and a drink. For what you receive and the quality, you can't beat the price. 
FYI, there are a few picnic benches were you can sit and eat.This place makes the best Italian Sausages EVER! I always go to them when I pop into a Home Depot. How can you resist that aroma that greets you at the entrance?
For first timers, ask for a little sample of either a hot or sweet sausage, they'll give you a pc. at no charge..pretty cool.
I get the same thing all the time: small "sweet" sausage with both raw & cooked onions, ketchup & mustard with a can of coke.....sluuuuurp!
Pssst! Tip the guys. Look for the jar on the counter!
Smells so good I'm sure non-pork eaters have a hard time resisting the urge!!!CASH ONLY. (Just a friendly FYI - although they have an ATM I imagine the fee is ridic)
The guys here are the greatest. Delicious cheesecakes, sweet/hot Italian sausage and reasonable prices. They are always willing to offer up a sample. 
For $8 I got a the largest cheesesteak ever STUFFED with meat and onions, a soda and chips. Worth it.I guess I'm not alone being someone who looks forward to going to Home Depot just b/c Rocco's is there. Aside from the fantastic food, also have to note the super-friendly service at both the Columbus Blvd and the Oregon Ave. locations.One does not by get 4 1/2 stars on Yelp by simply selling Italian sausage subs in front of a Home Depot!
The first thing is I notice upon walking in: customer service is top notch. The first thing one of two staff guys asks: "Do you want a sample?" Heck yeah! Of course I'll try some before I order! It's like getting beer samples. Or small spoons of ice cream. Or like walking through a Sam's Club trying a little bit of everything & getting full from it. 
One of Today's Special was the half spicy, half sweet sausage. Oh man, it was good. 
Was it the best I've ever had? Not really. But I start to wonder if this is a staple food in the making: Philly Cheese Sausages. Or Philly Italies. Or Italian Phillies. Catchy, no?
Reading other reviews, I'm starting to wonder...
- How come I didn't notice/taste any peppers?
- Wait, I could've ordered an egg on my Philly Cheese Sausages/Philly Italies/Italian Phillies? (pick one)
- Why are they still in front of a Home Depot? A little more conveniently located and they could be the next Geno's (think bright lights) of sausages!This place is awesome. It is one of those food places where you wouldn't think the food would be good, but it turns out great. It is awesome on the go food. There are seats outside to eat. I enjoy like their Italian sausage sandwiches. You get the combo, which comes with soda and a bag of chip. Delicious.Cheap, fast , and nicest ppl. No complaints. Would go here rather than pats and Gino's. Steak plus chips and soda for only 8,50!
Bread-10/10 soft, semi crusty , a lil chewy 
Steak - 7/10 pretty standard , not super juicy or flavorful
Onions + peppers - 7/10 pretty bland but adds a good texture 
 I'm still giving it 5 stars because it is located in the middle of Home Depot , the service was nice , the aromas were amazing. I'm happy , most steaks run $10+ without drink and chipsI can now say I'm 2 for 2 in sausage shacks out in front of Home Depot. 
When I worked in New Castle, I was lucky to have Ed's Hot Dogs next door, in front of the Home Depot. Losing it was one of the few negatives in getting transferred back to PA.
Recently, when trying to think of a quick spot for a late lunch in Philly, my friend suggested Rocco's, which is near his work.
There will be no raving in this review. It was an above average sandwich shop, which in Philly is saying something, but not the second coming. 
The place is small and you are greeted warmly on entering. By warmly I mean both a friendly greeting and a nice sample of sausage. 
The price and quality ratio  is hard to beat here. I had a large hot sausage sandwich with peppers  and onions, chips and a soda for about $8. It was delicious. 
Overall, I'm ready to break something in my house so I have reason to go back to Home Depot to try some more of their sammies. 
And if anyone has inside info on more food shacks in front of a super store, I'm all ears.Love stopping at this place at any time during our visits. We have had breakfast and lunch - as soon as we get in from airport or as we leave and any time in between. 
It's not your typical place- I mean it is attached to the front of a Home Depot. No inside seating a available- just 3 picnic tables with umbrellas in the front. 
My favorite is the grilled Italian sausage hot or not is grilled. You can have it your way - peppers no peppers, onion or not, cheese or not. It's a maglios sausage so you know if is awesome! Then on an amorosa bun- you gotta be kidding me!!!!
It can easily feed two or maybe you just won't want to share. Add a drink and Herrs chips and it's a meal!
They have other options- even a portabella mushroom sandwich. Their breakfast sandwich is so good - we had that right before we left to the airport. 
The guys are also really nice and they will usually offer you a sample of whatever is on the griddle at the time. 
So if you need to stop at Walmart or Home Depot- heck just swing by for a sandwich- you won't regret it. It's also a great place to people watch- incredible what people load in their cars.....This is a spectacular little hidden gem in South Philly. Posted up right in front of Home Depot, you can get arguably the best sausage sandwiches in the city. They make it right in front of you, fast and fresh. Whether, you're in a pinch and need to fuel up while running errands, or you have no intention at all to go into Home Depot (like me, many times), Rocco's is a great quick, cheap meal!I bought a sausage sandwich at Home Depot and ate it in the parking lot and it was delicious.Holy hell, what was that wonderfulness that just took over the senses in my mouth?
I strolled out of Home Depot on a nice winter night. As I was passing Rocco's Italian Sausage, my eye's perked up as the man behind the stand reached out and said, "Wanna taste?"
Not one to reject a free sample, I gladly took hold of the sausage on a toothpick and popped it in my mouth.
Say what? It was like fireworks of goodness in my mouth. Not since the last time I had a sausage in Little Italy at the San Genaro Festival did I taste a sausage so good. I kid you not.
There was one problem here. I already ate dinner and I was pretty darn full. I was so mad, and so badly wanted to cram down a sausage and bust a button in my pants.
But not wanting to be uncomfortable all night because I went all fat on my not-so-diet did not sound appealing.
I will be back. I must go back. I must.The best sausage in town!
I cant recommend this place highly enough. For a sweet or spicy sausage hoagie its the best. 
Super value and tastes amazing. There are always sausage spirals on the grill, free yummy smells. 
Sit outside and  eat on a picnic table or take home to share---its all good--and you can always go in home depot when done. 
The owner will take care if you
I cant wait to go back. 
Don't deny yourself...........The minute I step into the joint I am already greeted with a free sausage sample. The place smells like sausage, onions, and pure awesomeness. Everyone there is friendly and accommodating. It's a great place to get a quick, 1400 calorie lunch. Weeeeeee!I love thier sausage, peppers, and onions. So good!! I believe they take cash only so make sure you pockets are not empty. It should be illegal the way the aroma entices you to this place. Irresistible, and worth the time, and calories!!A little hard to find via GPS because it is built into the front of the Home Depot store.
Great aromas from the cooking.  Generous portion of meat and onions on the roll.
The cheese steak was a little bit light on flavor, even with hot peppers added.
They offered free sample of the italian sausage, which was delicious.  Perhaps next time I will try that instead of the cheese steak.  Overall, a decent value and very friendly staff.The counter service was excellent. My sandwich was done in no time. The sandwich happened to be the best hot sausage with peppers & onions in Philly.Nothing makes me feel more like a woman than powering my way through Home Depot and finishing my Home Improvement journey with a big long spicy sausage.
The two big guys behind the grill are willing to offer you samples of both the spicy and the sweet.  A little greasy, but for $8 you get a humongous sandwich and a bag of chips.  And the grease isn't bad.  It's tasty.
You have to check this place out if Marcie Turney does.  Apparently she's a tweeting fan.  Be forwarned, you will smell like sausage the rest of the day just by popping your head in here.This place is literally big enough for the grill to cook the sausage, steak, and veggies and for the cash register. It's also located right next to the Home Depot entrance on Columbus Blvd, which I thought was extremely random. However, hungry and anticipating an afternoon of helping my boyfriend build me a desk and shelf for my room, I decided to stop by. The men working there were really welcoming and super friendly. They offered us a sample of the spicy and sweet sausages they were cooking up. It was pretty but I was not craving that. Instead, I ordered a fajita steak (cheesesteak with peppers and onions) and it was delicious! Not too greasy and not too dry. And cheap too! Around 6 bucks for the sandwich and a drink. 
Next time I'm in the area, I'll definitely stop by for the sausage. definitely recommend for a cheap, quick lunch!  You just have to eat it in the car or take it home.Rocco's is a grill stand in a Home Depot parking lot. 
I ordered the Sweet Italian Sausage. It comes and one long link on a large sub roll with peppers and onions. This is quite a large portion. Definitely enough for a meal. It's $7.
The roll is soft and just chewy enough. It is too large for the filling. This leaves you gnawing at excess roll during your dining experience. 
The red peppers and onions comes straight from large metal cans on display. Not surprisingly they are entirely flavorless and have an odd, undercooked texture. These toppings don't carry any flavor from the sausage or grill. The sandwich is quite spartan. The offer no interesting condiments or sauces.
The sausage link is well executed, contains interesting seasoning, and has a smooth and hearty texture. The sausage filling is just juicy enough while remaining clean and snappy on the bite without releasing excess amounts of liquid. The sausage elevates the rest of the sandwich to 4-star level.It may not be the best sausage I've ever had, but it's certainly the best sausage I've ever had from a place attached to a big box store. The guys manning the grill and the register are super nice and will offer up samples of the day's special - they had a broccoli rabe and romano sausage special which was awesome, but I couldn't not get hot. Even in a small sandwich you get a ton of tubular meat, which is just how I like it. 
I will certainly be planning my home depot trips around lunchtime in the future to capitalize on Rocco's. Good stuff.i actually make up reasons to go to home depot now to stop at this spot. might have an addiction. i havent tried the breakfast yet but probably need something at HD this weekend so  i'll go try it then.Great sandwiches. They are huge and delicious. The day special is just 8.5 dollars with chips and soda and is delicious. The sausage is one of the best I have tried and the guys are incredibly fast and nice. Maybe is a little bit far from center city, but coming here is definitely worth it.What a pleasant surprise!  I was stopping by Home Depot for some condo stuff when I noticed Rocco's right in front.  Smelled so good so I went to yelp to check on the reviews.
I ordered spicy sausage with peppers and onions and it was so good!  great sandwich.  Really good bread.  service was nice and quick.  Made it an extra worthwhile trip to Home Depot.The sausage sandwich with mushroom and onions is amazing! It's not always easy to order though...Giant sandwich at a good price. Delicious, but so big I had it for lunch AND dinner. Rocco is the best reason to go to Home Depot.Wow I lived in philly my whole life and just now finding this little gem of a restaurant. The chicken sausage was incredible. I will highly recommend this place to my family and friends. The price is great for what you get the sandwich was the size of a 10 inch sub served with fried onions and ketchup and mustard. Can't wait to bring my wife next time. Oh yeah the staff was just as good as the food.There is only 1 reason I go to Home Depot in South Philly.
Rocco's Italian Sausage.
I love the fact that they give you a sample piece everytime you come in, as if you never had it, HA!
Of course I'll buy 17 sandwiches, oh a piece to try before I buy? SURE!
If you haven't had Rocco's Italian Sausage, you have not lived life. Or you've never been to Home Depot in South Philly.
My recommendations:
Make up an excuse to goto Home Depot with your wife, friend, spouse, 3rd mistress, girlfriend, or whatever. 
Buy the Sweet Italian Sausage combo (chips & drink). Hop back onto Columbus Blvd and drive to Race Street pier (like 3 minutes). Park. Walk your butt down the pier, sit down and indulge.
Thank me later.The hubby and I have been known--on way more than one occasion--to make a trip out to "home depot" just to go to Rocco's for dinner (with no intention of actually going into home depot). What keeps us coming back is the staff and the food!!
The guys in here are awesome. So friendly and I love the "No Bull Shit" attitude. What makes them great though, is the sandwiches!
We have had everything--from the Hot and Sweet Sausage (with extra onions & peppers!!) to Cheesesteaks, BBQ, and Jerk Chicken Sandwiches, and everything in between. Everything is delicious and grilled up right on the flat top in front of you. My mouth is watering just thinking about it!
Every sandwich comes with soda and chips so it makes an incredibly large dinner for less than $20. Usually we would be good to get one and split it but we never seem to want the same thing! Luckily it is perfect for lunch leftovers the day after.
Next time you're in the mood for something quick, easy, and affordable--take a trip to Rocco's!Not a place you would expect in front of a Home Depot. Some really good food comes out of this place. I had a philly steak and sausage sandwich. Best I've ever had!Part of growing up in New Jersey is eating more sausage, pepper and onion sandwiches then you'd ever care to remember. These days it's not something I have regularly or even yearly so I never thought I'd find myself eating one in front of one of the many cesspools we call big box stores on Columbus. Luckily this particular eyesore is Home Depot so most of the surrounding people are at least good hearted, handy types.
In any case....
This place makes the best sausage sandwich I've ever had. They even give you a sample of sausage when you walk through the door so they must realize the possible apprehensions about buying cooked meat in a parking lot. After the sample I had to have the sandwich. Good quality meat, nice soft italian role and some well sauteed veggies. You would think it's hard to mess this up, but many have and these guys don't.Do you ever walk into Home Depot and think to yourself, " God damn, those sausage and peppers from that stand smelling fucking great"?  Well they taste even better my friend.  I get a sweet sausage w/ ketchup,             mustard and fried onions.  It comes w/ a water and bag of chips for like $6.50.  Great place for lunch on the road....I feel like I LIVE at Home D these days, makes the trip all the more pleasurable!!Whenever I get in my car, I find some excuse to get to Rocco's. It's obviously a little unassuming, given it's location, but I'd definitely recommend giving it a shot. I'm more into the spicy, but the sweet does not dissapoint.Awesome customer service. My parents, brother & I came in here after going to Home Deport early Sunday morning and as soon as we walked in, they offered us pieces of sausages freshly cut off the grill to try.
We ordered 2 spicy sausages with onions and peppers. Total came out to be $15 and they gave us 2 bags of chips.
We always like the sandwiches from here. Their very filling and gives you loads of onions which I love. The bread could be a bit more crunchy though.So freakin good. Totally worth driving down from Manhattan for the sausage sandwich. Incredible sausage, incredible bread. We bought extra to take back to New York and we plan on driving back soon for more. The cheese steak kicks ass as well. My wife and I split one for lunch. Came across it by accident, but it smelled so good we had to try it.This place is actually attached to the Home Depot,  It is everything a Philly Cheesesteak should be - It's my favorite, the preparation is correct the bread is great, Tony Lukes and Pat's & Geno's are over-rated tourist traps - if you want a really good steak come here!  The Sausages are also very good!I know, I know.. A 5 star review from a joint located attached to home depot. It just doesnt sound right...but it was really really good. Listen, i love sausage sandwhiches.. I eat em everywhere.. And this was one of the best non homemade ones ive had.Had their sausage and cheesesteak - very good price. They'll offer you a free sample of sausage. Cheesesteak was pretty good - could add some more cheese though. The sausage is excellent.This place makes a delicious well-portioned and well-priced sausage sandwich. The spicy and sweet sausages are both incredible. Located adjacent (in front) of the Home Depot on Columbus Blvd., this spot cranks out a whole lot of sandwiches. It is a small space with two picnic tables outside. They don't have fries, but offer chips. They also have cheesesteaks and other sandwiches, but when you see the rolls of sausage on the grill, it is hard to get anything else. The service is really quick. This spot is great for takeout.We're from LI visiting family and have been to Rocco's a few times already.  Nice mix of sausage and cheesesteak on the special. And always a friendly greeting from the crew whether your a regular or a rookie. And always offered a delicious piece of sausage upon arrival. 5 stars every time!!I love Rocco's Sausages! Imagine running into Home Depot for a hammer and getting an amazing lunch on the way out. I call them the "Tony Luke's" of sausage, and too be fair their steaks are great too. My husband swears by the Gavone for breakfast!Quick and delicious. Small shack located in between the exit and entrance of Home Depot. Employees were friendly. 
We ordered two spicy sausages with peppers and onions.   Our meal came with two bags of chips and the total was around $18.  
The sandwich was very good! The spicy sausage has a little kick to it and so flavorful. The outer casing of the sausage has a nice crisp to it. They put plenty of onions and peppers on top. The sandwich is big, eating half filled me. The bread is soft, another plus for me. 
We placed our order and got our food within 3 minutes.Wow!  What a wonderful surprise!  South Philly has a lot of food options...I thought for sure I'd eat at Shank's or Charlie's Burgers on the way home...My buddy suggested I check out Rocco's in front(attached to) of Home Depot and I never looked back!  
The grill was loaded...there must have been 20+ feet of sausage out there and a garden's worth of onions and peppers...Not to mention boatloads of Amoroso's Italian rolls!  There were a few people waiting ahead of me and they both got cheesesteaks, which looked very tasty on the grill...finely chopped meat with perfectly fried onions...My decision was easy to make...BUT...while I was waiting for my sandwich I saw someone come in and ask for sausage samples, which they are happy to provide!  I wish I had tried it before I ordered the steak!  Oh well, the steak was still good...and the Sausage was good for dinner as I ordered one to go!  They even put the peppers and onions in a coffee cup for me to keep the roll "dry", as they knew I wasn't eating it for a couple hours.  
Pricing is also a pleasant surprise...combo for 8.50 includes sandwich, chips, and a can of soda...not bad at all!  So happy I ventured in here to give it a shot!  
I can also recommend the hot dog\sausage stand outside of the King of Prussia Home Depot.  Killer hot dogs!This little gem is in the Home Depot parking lot on Columbus Ave. We drove from DE just to try it out. Can't decide if you want cheesesteak or sausage? No problem! Get the Rocco's Special which is sausage and cheesesteak mixed together, what!! That's insane! And delicious! Mine had peppers and onions. It was so good, and so cheesy. I haven't had a cheesesteak in over 4 years so this hit the spot! Service is super fast, and there are tables outside. We will definitely be back to try the hot sausage. Our total was $18.50 for 2 sandwiches, drinks and chips. They have breakfast, too for $8. Who would have thought you can get a 5 star lunch in the HD parking lot!I lived next to Pat's and Geno's. I would like to register my opinion that this is by far the very best place for cheesesteaks in the city. It may not have the glitz and glamour of the big guys but the quality is phenomenal. The sausage in the cheesesteak is really innovative. It is always a battle when I am stopping by Walmart and Home Depot not to pay this place a visit.One of my favorite sandwich shops.  I stop here regularly before Phillies games.  The sausage (hot or mild) is the thing to get.  Plus you'll get a sample before you order.  Service is super fast and friendly.  The steaks are good too but the meat is frozen, otherwise it would be a 5 star.At first I thought this was a part of Home Depot but it's just next door to the entrance.  Cash only and there's an atm outside.  
Had to come here before turning around to hit the exit home and this place is really good.  
Got the hot and sweet sausage which was just right. I haven't seemed out sausage but when I do I'd start here.THE BEST!!! SERIOUSLY!.  We LOVE rocco's.  Rocco's italian sausage is a hidden gem, tucked away next to home depot in south philly.  Not only is everything delicious, the portions are huge!  As if it couldn't get any better already, the owner is legit one of the nicest people that I have ever met.  Don't hesitate to give Rocco's a try, you will not be disappointed!!!  If i could give more than 5 stars, I would!Love this place when working on the house and having to stop at Home Depot. It's easy to grab lunch or a snack. The Italian sausage is very good. It's a must stop. Service here was really good. Since I was never here before I ask questions. They answered them and seemed to be happy to help.I've been wanting to check out this place for a super long time. Ever since I've been shopping at Home Depot, actually, but for some reason I never did. Boy, was I missing out! I walked in and the grill guy immediately offered me a sample of their sweet sausage. One bite and I was sold. I got a hot Italian sausage with fried onions and peppers and went home to eat. It was amazing. The sausage wasn't crazy hot but had a nice bite and the onions and peppers added a good level of sweetness. I will definitely be going back often!This unassuming little stand in front of the Home Depot lures you in with the smell of grilled onions, peppers, and of course their sausage. Once you step foot in the door you are warmly welcomed by the staff and handed a toothpick with a sausage sample. Everything about this place is right. It's such a stark contrast to the experience one finds in the store that it's attached to. The first bite starts melting away the aggravation associated with finding friendly help in the store you were probably just in and you leave feeling happy and satisfied. There are great places in Philly for Roast Pork and Cheesesteak...but if you want a great sausage sandwich, Rocco's is the place for you.This place was awesome. Last time in Philly we ate at John's Roast Pork, they were closed today so we tried out Rocco's. So glad we did. My husband and I both got the Spicy Italian with Peppers, Onions, and Spicy Mustard. So, so good. For $8.50 you get a huge sandwich, chips and a drink. It was more than enough for a meal - I barely finished it. It is cash only, but we went and bought something and got cash back so no problems. Highly recommend.Was going to head home to cook, but the smells coming from this food stand made me second think about that. No prices are listed so I'm really not sure the breakdown of my order, but for two combos, ( 2 hot dogs + chips and drink, and Rocco special-- half italian sausage have cheesesteak with chips and drink) paid 13.50, more than enough for two people to split. 
Line kept coming, but they worked fast. Watched them quickly cut up a hot italian sausage and mix it with cheesesteak meat, by the way, delicious, and everything was ready in a few minutes. Cash only. 
Got it without cheese, only mayo and all toppings. Rocco's special was the best cheesesteak I've had in a while. Could use some salt but it was juicy, and bread roll was delightfully chewy/soft, with just enough texture to hold the meat and make my afternoon! Hot dogs were average but just what I wanted.This was such a pleasant surprise. After spending half a day at Home depot and getting multiple things done, we went to Roccos to grab a quick bite to eat. 
It's a really small place outside Home Depot. You can smell fresh sausage grilling from outside. They are more than happy to give you tasters. You enter the restaurant, place your order and pay when you get it. There is no seating inside. They have couple of picnic tables outside the restaurant.
We ordered Rocco special. It was a good 12 inch hot dog.  The sausage link was very meaty and tasty. We were offered free samples while we were waiting in line. The taste was good. For $7.50 you get Roccos special hot dog with a side of chips. You couldn't ask for more. The staff is polite, and very fast to get your order. Be prepared to wait in line. And yes, this is a cash only place.
Overall, good stuff and do recommend when you around. Fair warning, the smell of food outside is very tempting. You won't be disappointed.I would have never known that there was anything here besides a WalMart and Home Depot if Nando F didn't tell me about this must try italian sausage vendor here. 
It only took me a day to make my way here to try it for myself. Since I'm a big sausage parm sandwich fan, making this place my first meal of the day was an easy choice. There was only one other person there besides myself, so the service was really quick, and the person making what was ordered was talkative and friendly. While i was deciding what to order, without asking he cut a 2" piece of sweet sausage and handed it to me on a toothpick to try. If i wasn't sure by then, it was a good way to help me decide. With all types of sandwiches on the menu, and bacon on the grill, i went with a mix of hot and sweet sausage with spicy mustard and grilled onions/peppers. A huge sandwich, hot, served on a seriously good roll. The sandwich combo came with a bag of chips and a can of soda for $8.50. I can't say enough about how good this sandwich was. Grilled perfectly and it had more than enough onions and peppers on it. So good that I'm trying to figure out how to conveniently make my way here next week. The fact that one of his soda choices was one of my favorites but rarely found Fresca has me looking forward to my next meal here.I just started working close by, and now I'm hooked. The locals all know about it. Be prepared to eat outside or in your car.  But, it's worthwhile.Was out in Philly for work and couldn't resist the amazing smells wafting out of this little shack attached to the front of the Home Depot. All I can say is I wasn't at all disappointed! Yum. My friend got the Philly cheese steak sandwich which looked amazing... but heartburn central. I asked the guys behind the counter what was the best thing on the menu and they suggested the sausage and peppers, spicy. They asked how I wanted it and what I wanted on the bun, I told him to make it how he likes it. Delicious. It was huge, but I downed the whole thing.Finally made it here after years of eyeing it on our way to Home Depot. They have different types of sausage sandwiches, cheesesteaks and a Rocco's special sandwich with cheesesteak and sausage mix. We got this one. There was a line when we went there but the guys were pretty fast with handing out orders. They give you samples of sausage off the grill to try. 
Now regarding the sandwich, absolutely delicious. It was hot, perfectly cooked meat tucked between soft bread with peppers and onions. It's very saucy. Prices are very affordable and chips come with a sandwich. Definitely try them next time you visit Home Depot or even drive there for them. You cannot miss them.One of the many reasons why I love coming to South Philly... GREAT FOOD for you to feast upon! 
Now this is beautiful, get the essentials you need for the home or job and enjoy probably the best sausage sandwich's out there. Here is my math on this equation Home Depot + a Sausage joint  =  Pure bliss.. yes bliss , the smell alone wafting thru the air will convert a vegetarian the minute they reach the parking lot.  Don't be fooled by the outer looks of this establishment thinking its is just a lunch box with sub par food. 
The service was fast, they create your sandwich as you want, what ever your fancy they will do per request. Another reason for you to enter is they offer you a freebie to try on a toothpick, sweet or hot  or both if you want.  As I was in line for a brief 20 seconds the customer ahead of me asked for mayo, mustard, ketchup, hot sausage, peppers and onions on his. Personally adding mayonnaise to this already perfect blend of sausage peppers, and onions in my mind was blasphemy.. a bastardization  ( if that is a word) if you say.
Without hesitation, not even a look of what the hell do you want to do to this, he made it as requested. 
Myself I chose to go with a hot and sweet blend large sandwich with peppers and onions. Now I did change it up I had asked them to add cheese to one side of this masterpiece ( hot side) , complementary bag of chips ( bbq ) followed with a can of Dr.Pepper. A grand total of  $8.50, not expensive, overflowing the roll of that goodness of a  sandwich. 
First bite WOW, an explosion of just flavor, one complementing the other, nothing overbearing ... then I just went into beast mode, I just had devoured this work of art. 
With a full stomach I was satisfied, enjoyed the picnic bench seating as people marveled by the smell walking by at first, then  right inside to order. They do make other fine sandwich's, but the sole purpose I feel is their sausage sandwich's. 
PROS/CONS
PROS:
-Great flavorful sausage
- Peppers and onions
- Build how you want
- Inexpensive
- Customer Service
- The Aroma
CONS:
- Wanting to order another one, but you can't because you are full
- Can't think of another reasonFriendly but not very hygienic. They seem to be bored out of their minds. And sleep-walk through their routine. When business is slow, the food on the grill seems to lie there unattended picking up bacteria. The proverbial greasy-spoon. yukIkea may have their cafeteria with meatballs and lingonberry preserves, but amid the big box craters on Delaware Avenue, Home Depot wins the food wars with a grill shack right out front.
Rocco is the perfect example of a South Philly lunch counter, no frills, just a long grill with sausage, onions and peppers constantly going. As soon as I walked in, they offered me a sample of the sausage, but I opted for a cheesesteak.
It was a little soggy, and they didn't have provolone, so I settled for american. Nonetheless, it was a great lunch that was still under 10 bucks with a can of soda.
One of these days I'll have to try the sausage. They looked to have some vegetarian options as well, with grilled portabello caps on the menu.One of the best "bang for the buck" spots in the city. We always go to the one on Columbus blvd or on Oregon. Loyal to their hot italian sausage combo!The sandwich was delicious!!!! It filled me up and I cannot wait to revisit Philly to have another.... truly amazing!!!!!  Hot and Sweet SausagesI ever so often have a taste for a good'ol italian sauage sandwich from rocco's when today i realized im going to have to find a new place to get my tasty favorite.i went to roccos to try out a steak  iIwalked in today and if any body that goes to roccos knows that they always give out free samples practicly stuffing them down your throat to promote sales which i love .today was different i was the second patron in line and as i stood multiple people walked in and were offered samples i dindt pay much attention to the fact until more people coming in after me were offered and i wasnt .i stood and watched the gentleman cut and skewer samples and i was not offered one yet might i note the he looked me dead in the eyes 6 times i recieved my steak sandwich that i ordered .and i asked the lead guy in charge "i wasnt offered a sample at all?'and he replies and says to me "he was busy uh uh i mean we're busy"? would you like a sample now".wow I was mortified.ive been here on several occasions in the past and i know how its supposed to be ran.most of all i was hurt to walk in a place of business and to see every one be served but yourself was terrible.i finnally took my sandwich and left the might i ad the person in charge asked me what i wanted on it 4 times and he still messed up my order which was cool with me.then i get my food the bread was soggy the the meat was not even cooked all the way it dripped every were at that point i just wrapped it back up and sat it on there counter i didnt even ask for my money back.at the end of the day i know knowone cares but ill never set a foot in that place again unless its to teach the employees how to treat people now matter what they look like with respect and decency.i won the lottery and i was going to buy my 150 employees lunch from roccos to celibrate i know a few thousand buck is nothing nowadays but i wanted to spend it at roccos now i cant because i wasnt important enough.My favorite spot. It's small but the food is big and delicious. The best places are always little shacks. The staff is amazing, helpful, funny, and kind. I always make the 15-20 minute drive when I'm craving a sausage or a steak sandwich!A hidden gem next to Home Depot. Seriously a pretty decent sandwich shop with both spicy and sweet sandwiches. The meat is big and so are the sandwiches. I enjoyed the sweet n spicy habanero sausage but even more so the original. Be warned they only take cash and some of the staff dont speak English that great lol.The aroma from this place is 5 stars itself. It doesn't look like much from the outside, but it's sure to leave you satisfied and coming back for more. I had the Rocco's Special, which is Italian sausage and cheesesteak together. They have hot and sweet sausages. They also serve breakfast but in the mornings only.  Their prices are awesome too. Less than 9 for a sandwich and bag of chips.One of the best customer service experiences I've ever had!!
I called Rocco b/c I wanted to change the pickup time for the order I placed.
The owner, Rocco himself (!!!), answered, and said that instead of just changing the pickup time, he wants to deliver the food right to me whenever's good for me!
I couldn't actually believe it, but Rocco drove all the way to me and delivered my order for free!! 
I wanted to tip him for the extra service, but he refused, saying: "No way! You're a customer! Enjoy!".
Not to mention that the food was delicious, warm, and fresh!!
I already liked this place and their food before, but from now on I'm a fan!!
Thanks so much Rocco!!!