A pretty Ok place even if the coffee is a bit on the weak side and the service can be chaotic.
Oh, and.... SOME ONE FIX THAT FUCKING FRONT DOOR !  You've been there for years...you can do it.I really appreciate that Rocket Cat is so gluten-free friendly. They have delicious sandwiches on Taffets bread and yummy GF cookies. It can be hard to find something to eat at a cafe for me and they do a great job. I don't love their house coffee, but the espresso is very good.I've been going here for over seven years and I love this artsy Fishtown cafe. Highly recommended!so i am torn here...
i want to give rocket cat a higher rating, but to be honest, i really can't unless they change a few things.  namely:
1.  the elitist hipster attitude that accompanies serving people who don't necessarily go there every day (i.e., if you're not a regular, you may feel out of place -- sort of how the popular kids in high school made you feel if you dared join in one of their ridiculous hallway convos).  note that not all of the employees act this way, but it is at least 60% in my experience.
2.  the inconsistency of their drinks (i order the same drink every time i go there, and sometimes it is fine, but other times it tastes like muddy water with some foam on top)
3.  the prices (i know we are all struggling, especially the small businesses, but when i pay $6 plus tip for a drink that i used to make for people in my old cafe for $3, it steams me a bit, especially when the quality varies so often)
other than that, the decor is inviting, with tables and comfy sofas/chairs, a cute little outdoor seating area out back, and they also support local artists and performers.  that is awesome.  and i've met the owner and she seems genuinely nice and appreciative of her patrons.  overall, you should check it out for yourself.  the rocket cat sculpture in front is worth it alone.I really, really, really hate doing this but I CAN'T give Rocket 4 or 5 stars like I would like to!!
I moved to Fishtown back in August and this was one of the first places that caught my eye. I love the interior! Everything on the menu so far has been really good, and I like that it's vegan/vegetarian friendly. I love all their hot drink, esp their creative lattes, and their cold drink selection is awesome, too.
My only complaint is that the service, while not necessarily "rude", is kinda off-putting? It's hard to explain, but it always seems like placing an order is an inconvenience to the cashier. It's not the same person every time, either, so maybe it's just the mood/shtick they're going for??
Also, whether I'm the only one there or not, it almost always takes 5-10 minutes to get my drink. While not a big deal, it does prevent me from considering Rocket Cat as a morning stop before work: every "quick drop in" turns into a much longer visit. 
These have been problems consistently every time I've gone to Rocket Cat, alone or with my boyfriend. He actually really doesn't like it here because of the service, but I come back a lot because I love everything else, and it isn't so bad that I can't just deal. 
TLDR; The ambience and hot drinks are great. Service questionable and often slow, but not unbearable. Recommend for chill place to hang out.I really like Rocket Cat Cafe.  I've never had a problem with the employees being rude to me...maybe I've been mistaken for a hipster? The coffee is ok, nothing too special, but they do make a tasty breakfast sandwich.  I really like the atmosphere (eclectic decor, the music, the fliers posted all over the window). 
To be fair, every time I've gone here I've had time to kill, so the long wait for food/coffee never bothered me.  I can see how it might bother some if they're just trying to grab something before work.Ohhh Fishtown. 
We lived here for about a year and would go to Rocket Cat every Saturday to drink coffee, play Scrabble, smoke some mogues, watch the weirdoes come out of circle thrift, and chat with the neighbors about their various projects since most of them had recently bought fixer-uppers. They have a nice garden for sitting, and its a neat place with a TON of character.  
Their coffee is delish, and they have really great, wholesome food for sale, which just warms my heart to no end.
If you need cream, its in the fridge, make sure you tip your barista in cash :-) they work hard for them dollaz.Pretty much treated like a leper anytime I went there.  Not sure if it was because I'm not a hipster, but I don't need attitude when I'm trying to give a business money.I come here every weekend for coffee and it's great.  The people are always nice and the atmosphere is super laid back.  And they are always playing good music.This place is neat you get to look at hippys as well as get coffee . People flock there cause its a trendy place to be seen by other bearded hipsters in flannels .After a few times back recently I've noticed a few changes I'd love to point out and give credit where credit is due.  Nowadays I'm much better at carrying cash with me so  that makes things easier here. The ATM seems to function well here so their cash only policy shouldn't be that bad. 
But let's be honest here- this place is a coffee spot right out of your favorite book or movie. It's your local corner shop that has just the right amount of space with ample lighting while still maintaining that uber cozy feel.  This is a spot you can hang out without having to bring reading material or something to keep you occupied. The eclectic artwork combined with the books to borrow and an array of interesting newspapers and magazines assure you that your time will be well spent and enjoyed here   
My biggest complaint- and a trend I had seen in previous posts- was the staffs attitude. Now I know an attitude can change with outside factors, a person can be nice one day and rude the next  but overall, so far so good. I don't see the specific culprit of rudeness so they may have let her go. 
If you've been here I don't have to tell you that they have a great selection of coffees and a huge plus for those with dietary limitations- they are very vegan oriented!  That's a huge feat- they have vegan pastries and drinks, etc so you never have to worry. 
Al in all, I happily retort my last review after seeing things are much more pleasant and friendly here."Rocket Cat! Rocket Cat! Is a niche! 
How many hipsters can resist?"
The answer to that? Just step inside. 
If you are a resident to the Fishtown/Kensington hood this will be one of your independent coffee shops of choice. Being one of the only out in this art revival scene of the Northeast part of Philly. There aren't any Starbucks or other coffee chains besides a Dunkin' here and there but if you want to be able to get free wifi and finish that report due this friday goodluck b/c this part of town lacks that besides the trendy Northern Liberties...
...but who really has five bucks for a cup of organic cat pooh coffee that is hand-washed by Virgin tears, then blessed by the Tibetan monks before being flown over seas by Nordic Gods flying flaming chariots being pulled by singing cranes? 
Rocket Cat is a nice middle ground for fair coffee in the middle of a sprawling neighborhood of artists, families tied in ethnicities of all nature. One of the key things I like about this part of town. It still holds to it's roots and if you look beyond the hate, thugs, and crime that hang around here, there is a beauty to this relic. Most of the neighbors, even some you wouldn't expect are friendly. 
Yes, Rocket Cat, may have some clientele that resemble some you've seen at Chapterhouse or the Green Line or Last Drop with their self-importance attitude but where there's fair trade coffee and vegan cookies; there's going to be some douchy people lining up. 
One of the great things about Rocket Cat is it's space. It's very wide and plenty of room to stretch out. No worries of tripping over someone's laptop charger or over-hearing obnoxious conversations of some really cool house party no one cares about. Plus you can sit at the counter, much like a bar and get up-close service. 
Most the baristas are friendly, especially if you get to know them. Just start a conversation and you're bound to get a decent response from them other then some places where you'll get...
"Uhhhh... I'm sorry but I only talk to people that look like American Apparel models and know everything David Byrne ever did" 
Sometimes you might wait awhile for service but it's still worth it and it adds to how this is truly an independent establishment and not some mass-transit machine chain like other coffee places. Just come in, chill, read a book, and take a deep breath of some Northeast Philly comfort.Some of these reviews are hilarious... def don't let the weird ones deter you from coming here. This place is awesome and the bad review writers are probably  turds having bad days taking it out on whoever they pass..
I come here all the time and generally sit at the counter cause the baristas are just that friendly and hilarious and great. I rarely know exactly what coffee drink I want but they steer me in the right direction everytime ..ask for the lap of luxury... and serve up the most delicious drinks. The sun teas are awesome too! Gooooo
Check out the secret backyard space too :)I always stop by when I'm in the neighborhood with some time to kill. Chill atmosphere, good seating options, well-brewed coffee. Why not? Stop complaining about the hipsters, y'all. We need our "third space" too. 
Also, If you're into eavesdropping on OK-Cupid dates, you're almost guaranteed at least one per visit.Not a hipster, so I guess I set off alarms when I walked into Rocket Cat to order a macchiato.  Hipster barista then asks me, "A real macchiato, or one of those fake Starbucks macchiatos?"
Ok, thanks for insulting my intelligence and then assuming that I'm a Starbucks crony.
Also thanks for taking something like 15 minutes to get me my coffee.  I read the entire Philadelphia Weekly that someone had so thoughtfully abandoned on my table before hipster barista shouted my name across the room.When my boyfriend and I first moved to Philly and specifically Fishtown, we came to Rocket Cat first and we were drawn to it for some reason.  It's not hard to actually say the reason- the place itself is interested, unique and fun to look at.  I love the indoor plants and the fact that it seems very homegrown in there.  We would get coffees all the time from this place and I would even say we became fairly regular here.  Aside from them only taking cash (which became a huge drawback because we barely ever carry cash on us and had to actually think about this before we would go there), it was also very close to our place and we often walked or biked there in no time.  During the warm months it was delightful and we would sometimes sit outside or even sit inside and enjoy all the light that came through.  
Downside: aside from a really nice lady who worked there: Jarmal as I can remember, the rest of the staff was surprisingly off putting.  For such a nice place, I would expect the staff to be the same but everyone aside from previously mentioned Jarmal was not very friendly at all.  For some reason, and I hate to go straight to this, but I felt like since my boyfriend and I werent 'hipster' enough, we werent accepted nor good enough to be friendly to.  You as a reader dont know me very well but trust me when I tell you, I am EXTREMELY nice and friendly and all around jovial to people, especially service people behind the register/counter.  I am beyond appreciative of what they do for me and what they have to go through sometimes with rude customers so I make sure that I am always peachy keen to them.  Lets just say that the majority of the staff at Rocket Cat do not return this positivity to me and to really get down to the point; that's why my boyfriend and I havent returned in several months.
If Rocket Cat Cafe is reading this- if you put a smile on and be a little nicer and accommodating to your customers, or my HUGE pet peeve: when i say 'thank you', please say your welcome or at the very least acknowledge the kindness of your customers.hi there, i work at the rocket cat.  i think it's great there!  we do get really busy sometimes because we are popular and we work on a small scale so sometimes it may take a minute extra, but bear with us because we like you.  we're doing the best we can with what we have.  sometimes what we have gets's a little overloaded and it may take an extra minute (or 5) but we'll get you order out and do our best to make you comfortable and happy.  thanks so much for reading!  oh.. and by the way we are not religious and no portion of our money goes towards anything religious so i don't know what that person below is talking about.  we do get a lot of circle patrons due to closeness in proximity but thats it.  hope to see you soon :)I come to RocketCat every day to get my morning coffee, in fact I am sitting here right now as I type.  Not only are the baristas sweet, remember my order and ask how I am, but I love their coffee.  
I am appalled by the plethora of nonsense being posted about a team with such warm energy who were only doing what they thought was directed during a clear misrepresentation to their owner.  
And to add to the insults thrown, slow service?? Or personal service with attention given to each customer?  I would rather come here where I feel greeted as a friend than have my coffee thrown at me in some factory line.Great coffee, great food, great mood. Good place to kill some time or surf the web. Service is... Ehem..."laid back"I always wanted to like the Rocket Cat but never could. Not sure what it is.  I don't really care for the taste of their coffee, the food is way too expensive, and they always overload their bagels with cream cheese. Plus, I can't tell you how many times my order has been lost.The other two entries should be added to the main Yelp entry for this cafe, which is "Rocket Cat Cafe" with a "C," not a "K."My accountant finished my 45 page income tax return faster than the hipster barista took to prepare 12oz of coffee.
But I will come back:  to lounge on their furniture and drink a competitor's cup, all the while flaunting it to coffee-starved customers pining for their order.It's a strange place to say the least .. I had a coffee, wasn't thrilled about it. It took a while of standing there to finally order because the girls behind the counter were chatting with eachother. They were nice enough to give me change for the el though.You know what? F U rocket cat. Cafe. What's up with baristas being so snobby and how are they so good at ignoring people in line? This morning I decided to not make coffee at my place and treat myself to one. I just moved to the neighborhood and I've been in rocket cat once before, wasn't impressed. But this morning I had about 7 minutes before the bus came, and you'd think that would be enough to grab a cup of coffee. NOPE. The stupid hipster barista with his ugly pink hat completely ignored I was there and continued to have his conversation with the other hipster dude in front of me. I stood there for minutes before trying to say "excuse me...." But I was still ignored. Well thanks, I made the bus but didn't have my much needed coffee. I'm writing this review because I'm still mad about it. Maybe i'll try this place again on a day off when I have hours of free time to be waiting around to get helped. Or maybe I'll just give my business to another coffee establishment. So annoying and disappointing.I've been to Rocket Cat several thousand times, it seems. I, it seems like everyone else, have seen the Jekyll/Hyde routine even from the same employees.  I understand you are tired (its early) or you've had a bad day... but all i'm asking is for a little smile, and a hello.  I'd say its about 70/30 with the most being polite albeit distant.
I always get the same thing when I got there: bagel toasted with Veggie Cream Cheese (which is quite possibly the BEST I've ever had... nice big chunks of veggies in thar!) and a regular cup of coffee.  I'm not really into the fancy coffee drinks, so I can only comment on the one time I had a mochacchino which was VERY strong and nicely presented.
It's usually about $5 for the bagel and coffee, which is reasonable.  I believe they've actually lowered prices in the past year, because I used to come here and think they were ridiculous.  And the attitude has changed... it is not NEARLY as hipster elitist as it used to be.Wowzer. This is a disaster. The most personality lacking employees and they had NONE of the vegan sandwich options they offered.  Myself and another person talked in line about how it was our first time here with excitement.  He told the cashier and she said "word". Yep thats it. I never complain about service...check my other yelp reviews ..this was garbage.. .avoid.a great place to spend the afternoon with my laptop and an iced coffee.I was in a pinch and need wifi, good coffee, and a place I could hang while working on something. This place had all of these things. The staff was friendly and even had some good jokes. Thank you for the hospitality!Inept and rude service the first time I went.  Gave them the benefit of the doubt  and went back a second time...different person was not rude.  Third time I went, there was yet a different person who was also inept and rude.  Apparently the staff at rocket cat do not like it when they end up having to stop socializing with one another in order to take a customer's order.
These asshats are not the only coffee and locally produced edibles purveyor in the area, so I am instead taking my money to Reanimator as well as Steap & Grind.Stopped in Rocket Cat Cafe after a cycling class at the studio across the street and I'm so glad I did! When you first walk in, you'll get a sense of the relaxed atmosphere and hipster vibes - but not in a bad way at all. The interior of this cafe is absolutely amazing. All of the decorations, as well as the chairs at the little coffee bar, are super unique and antique-looking. There are some nice tables by the windows on the left side of the cafe that give you a nice view of the street which is perfect for people-watching. It was very relaxing and enjoyable to sit, read, and drink my coffee for a while.
One thing you'll be sure to notice at this cafe is that there are TONS of different drinks! They have all of the classic coffee drinks you'd expect to find in any cafe as well as some unique drink options. There is also a refrigerator in the middle of the cafe that has a lot of vegetarian and vegan food options including the vegan pumpkin whoopie pie - so delicious!
I was so excited that they had a Thai Style Latte on the menu (which comes iced) so I ordered it and it exceeded all of my expectations. Hands down the best Thai Style Latte I've ever had! I also got a piece of the lemon pound cake with icing (which most certainly cancelled out any calories I burned from my cycling class...whoops). It was really yummy and I could tell that it was homemade and freshly baked. 
On the real though, I am seriously considering coming back to get another Thai Style Latte even though I am rarely in this area. It was that good!! Rocket Cat Cafe gets 5/5 stars from me mostly because that latte was so perfect, but also for the awesome ambiance, friendly baristas, and the vegan options! I'd definitely recommend checking it out if you're in the area.This is one of those times when I'm torn between three and four stars. If this review was taking place four years ago, I probably would've given the RC four stars. They've got fantastic bagels and pastries*. The place is cozy and offers free wi-fi. The coffee is good most of the time. The veggie cream cheese is delicious (I swear they make it from fresh veggies themselves). Drinking the Thai Iced Coffee results in a reaction that will pretty much rival your best childhood Christmas morning ever. 
So what keeps me from giving it four stars? 
The service. It drives me batty. Over the years, I've seen the staff go from okay to flat out terrible. They are super slow, which is sort of forgivable in the late afternoon/evening, a time I associate with unwinding, but not in the morning when my hunger pangs are strong enough to make me want to eat a rock. Or anything else I find strewn about on the sidewalk. And half the time, they seem confused about how to properly toast and prepare a bagel. Within the last year, I've sort of given up on the clueless kids and have resorted to ordering my bagel untoasted, cream cheese on the side, to fix at home myself. It's a lot faster (again, sometimes). 
Man, I just want to light a fire under some asses! I know they like to maintain a laid back, I'm-an-artist-and-I-just-don't-care image, but come on. Enough is enough. It isn't that difficult to handle a crowd and some coffee. Skills! Learn them! Please!
Also, I wish someone would make sure all the staffers knew how to properly serve coffee: no pulling a cup 'til the brew is finished! I don't like drinking the occasional cup of weak brown water! Ever! 
Despite the negative things I've mentioned thus far about Rocket Cat, it is a generally swell little coffee shop. My gripes probably will not stop me from utilizing their services. After all, it's just around the corner from my house and how can I pass that up? 
That said, I really want to be able to up the star count on this one. I still have faith in you, Rocket Cat. I welcome you to prove me wrong about my peeves sometime soon.
*If you're low on cash, I suggest the day old pastries. They're half price and just as delicious as same day ones. This is one of my favorite things about Rocket Cat because, well, I love a bargain about as much as I love pastries.Bagels lox and cream cheese is best in Fishtown!  Friendly staff and nice coffee and tea selections.  Very Hipster!The food and coffee are pretty good.  It's a little under staffed, but the people working there are nice.  It's filled with  hipsters, but I guess so is everything in Fishtown.  Food is a little expensive, especially considering Ida Mae's is right around the corner.
It continues to grow on me for some reason.  The whipped cream they put in the coffee is so good.Rocket Cat offers fresh, innovative menu choices - definitely different than your usual boring coffee list.  They have fresh, local ingredients, but service is not as fast as you would like.  Maybe because the menu items are more complicated. I haven't seen an independent coffee shop in this neighborhood be fast and efficient. 
However, the space is really open and great to sit down and enjoy a bite to eat. - If you have time to wait.  I peeked outside and it looks like they definitely have space to have a patio out there.  That would be cool for summertime.  
Chai Marsala was an usual spicy coffee choice, but it was really good.This is a great hang out spot for people who enjoy coffee. Every time i'm in there most people are hanging out near the fireplace, at the "bar" or on their laptops. This is a good meeting and mingling spot, and I think that they have first Fri happenings. Cute and nicely decorated. 
One thing that I have a problems with is the ignorant people who take up 2 tables with papers, laptops and coats when only 2 people are sitting. Be respectful move your things if people want to sit.Okay, so I'm from Kalamazoo, Michigan where we have the Rocket STAR cafe.  So, imagine what I was thinking when I found the Rocket CAT cafe.  
The funny thing is that they are so eerily similar that whenever friends from Kalamazoo come to visit, I take them to the Rocket CAT to have them confirm that they are, in fact, the same place.  
And that's a good thing.  
Basically, what you're getting here is a really relaxed coffee shop with not too much of an attitude.  They usually have good art on the walls, strong coffee in the pot, decent music on the stereo, friendly baristas, and plenty of space including a garden.   
Basically, I'm really very glad that I found this place.  I was just about to give up hope of finding a place nearby where I felt comfortable while enjoying a cup of coffee on the weekend.I hate giving sub par reviews to places where I generally like the people that work there and the people I run into, but Rocket Cat has really lost their touch lately.
The breakfast sandwiches are good, the menu is great, good coffee, good music, good atmosphere...it seems to have it all! So why only two stars?
Almost every time I'm here in the morning I'm waiting for 15-20 minutes for an egg sandwich (I think I waited almost 30 minutes once), everything is just so darn slow. They almost always get my order wrong (they always switch the bagels that my boyfriend and I ask for or put the topping he asked for on mine). They often wrap it up for togo when you clearly asked to have it to stay. The employees spend more time talking to their friends than helping you (the friendliness is one of the things I love about this place...but it often gets in the way and crosses a line...you're at work, not hanging out with your friends). Sometimes in the busy morning there is ONE person working and a long of people. Why don't they schedule more people? This has happened more than once. 
I just keep going to Rocket Cat and then immediately wishing I hadn't. Maybe my expectations are too high...I've been to the Rocket Cat a couple of times and have found that I get BETTER service during the late afternoon than in the morning. The guys who served me had far better attitudes then the morning women servers.
I get the same thing everytime I go there, chicken avacado salad wrap ( & side of chips & dip) and an expresso! It's my 2nd wind of the day snack till I get home for dinner.
There are times when you walk in and get the "up & down" look from the regulars there (maybe because I'm not a hipster) but I brush it off.
Food & coffee ok for the price. Go judge for yourself. -Cheers!I love the bagels, pastries, and coffee....but the service is hit or miss. The pink hair girl is sooo f'n slow that I walk right back out. She's not the only problem. If the short dark haired girl w the hat is there- stay! She makes the best drinks. 
Great product, need to get employees to start moving at the speed of business! Go to coffee house too on York if you need to see what people look like who MOVE.So here are the things I look for in a coffee shop: 
1. The basics: Wifi, reasonably priced, good quality coffee, bathroom, adequate lighting--RocketCat actually fails here. This place is dark and moody and the bathroom is sketchy. And the Wifi is INCREDIBLY slow. The coffee was good and reasonably priced. Very limited sugar/milk options at the DIY bar. 
2. Hours: This is a win for RocketCat--6:30-8pm M-F, and 7/8am-8pm on weekends.
3. Ample seating and tables large enough to be conducive to studying--Meh, RocketCat gets a mere passing grade here--I never have too much trouble getting a table, but there aren't many of a good enough size to study. 
4. Ample outlets: Fail. I think there is one, if you don't get a table near it, I hope your laptop has a decent battery-life. 
5. Decent free/no time limit parking in the vicinity: Fishtown rocks at free parking.
6. Reasonably priced, healthy food options: Menu was a redeeming feature--good food, reasonable prices. 
7. Free, communal water (really just a perk)--nope 
8. Friendly staff: NOPE. The girl behind the counter acted like I was trying to rip them off when I asked for a refill--because you have to get a mug to get the refills, and I had originally bought a large. Even when I told her that I didn't know and that I didn't mind if she only filled it up as much as a mug, she gave me a bunch of attitude. How was I supposed to know the rules?!? Scheesch.  Since moving to Fishtown, I've learned there are two kinds of hipsters--the very friendly, just into living cheaply, vintage stuff and organic everything (ie: those at Pizza Brain or Johnny Brenda's) OR the super judgmental, too-cool-to-be-friendly types. The latter is what you find working at RocketCat. 
9. Cleanliness: Meh. Its so dark and gloomy, it seems dirty. No one cleans the tables when people leave. The staff looked like they could use a shower too. 
10. No arctic temps from over-air-conditioning: It was still winter, and they still failed at this--too cool for adequate heating too. I remember leaving b/c I was freezing, which is the last thing I want when its also freezing outside--probably why I asked for that refill in the first place. 
The only way I'll go back here is if I REALLY need to study later than 5pm on a weekend. Sigh.This place is 100% hipster chill, so if you're into that enjoy!  Good food and coffee, although I do think it's a bit over priced compared to less trendy places.  The outside area is... Interesting.  There is old furniture (sometimes making you wonder if its safe to sit on), but it's a cool atmosphere.  The inside is a cool place to chill and the staff are all hella friendly.  I'd recommend it to try, but I typically get my brew at cornerstone for a less hipster-focused experience.Good study or hang out spot with lots of space and a relaxed atmosohere. Coffee and food are both okay, but the staff isn't incredibly friendly.Good coffee, great iced tea, nice selection of vegetarian and vegan fare. The service is uneven; occasionally you encounter truly friendly or really rude service, but most of the time I'd describe it as coldly indifferent. They definitely make you feel like you're wasting their time.  If you're looking for a place to grab a cup of coffee or some quick lunch to go, Rocket Cat will work; if you're looking for a neighborhood cafe where you feel like you belong, you might want to look elsewhere.The drinks are very good, and my bagel sandwich was also quite tasty. I do think the prices are a little steep for what you're getting, and the space itself is sort of cramped. I'm tall and admittedly pretty clumsy, and I had some reservations about navigating around the outstretched legs of lanky hipsters with a very hot beverage. Even so, I'd recommend it as a good spot to go in out of the cold and have a quick bite and something hot to drink.Their thai iced coffee is worth the 5 minutes of snobby hipster stare-downs, other than that you're better off going to dunkin donuts or milkcrate. it always takes FOREVER to get a cup of coffee, i've even tried asking for my bagel not toasted to make the trip a little quicker but it seriously takes no less than 20 minutes to get food/coffee.My boyfriend and I go here 2 or 3 times a week b/c it is close to our house.  He goes almost every morning before work.  I really like the staff.  They are friendly and easy to talk to.  The music is relaxing and varied and the decor is well very "eclectic."
The hot sandwiches do take a while but they are fresh and made to order.  If your in a hurry get a bagel and try the ginger cream cheese ummm.
The business itself supports local events (no flyer turned away) and local artists.Super cute interior and cute name. Would definitely get the midnight tofu scramble it was soooo good! Service is slow and the staff isn't super friendly but I was really into the food. However, it was quite overpriced (like most hipstery places such as this), and they don't give you free refills on your coffee (they charge $1.50 for a refill! Where I work we have unlimited free refills but everywhere is different..just sayin it was a huge bummer that they don't offer that).They have some really nice drinks including a variety of iced teas. Raspberry chamomile has got a hold on me. And that white chocolate cappucino? Awesome. Food is great, too, small to large portions, made with care and concern for your desires.Part 2 in my Fishtown review series, which I know, you've all been following with great interest.  a real page-turner, lol. ;-)  Went here with my cousins twice, the day we all got in and right before the wedding.  They had a GREAT breakfast burrito, tortilla nicely grilled, rice, black bean, egg, only thing that could have been better would be avocado.  Salsa was good, not very spicy though.
Lattes and mochas were outstanding.  The backyard has a nice little funky brick patio and swings.  Very mellow place to hang out.Here's another cool spot. I went there with a simple desire: a red eye. I got the small, which was pretty big, though it rang in at $3.00. I guess that's an okay price for the area, though I would've paid less. Nonetheless, the barristas weren't the kindest people in the world. I sympthasize--the place was packed for a Saturday morning, and it seems like the staff does a great job with their food. Next time I'll have to try one of their bagels.
Anyway, despite lack of air conditioning, this place has character. Fans whirling, local art on all of the walls; strange contraptions, seating arrangements, a free-Internet computer, wifi all over, outdoor seating.
When I showed up Beirut was oozing from the speakers. It was a great place to just go and study for a while. Strangely enough, there were only young kids using the computer, with parental supervision (one kid was looking at giant spiders in Iraq, one was looking at a Yahoo! inbox), which leads me to what I think is most important about this place: the mixed crowd. It's not just a centrum for the hip and artistically-oriented youth of Fishtown; a lot of friendly family-types hang out too. Oh--watch out for the young boy who runs around to all the tables and greets each and every patron--he gave me a kiss on the knee and I felt like I was in 19th-century France for a second.I love coming back home and finding places that I haven't been to before, cause that means that Philly is growing and that is the best news anyone can ask for. This place seemed extremely well established so I don't think it was new, but it was new to me which is always the important thing. The atmosphere was really cool, people scattered around, some chatting, some working on their Macs, others reading. Typical coffee shop vibe if its a good coffee shop, which it was. I especially like the bar. I am generally a sit at the bar guy, and if you wander into a place by yourself and want to stay, the bar is your home away from home. They had you your drink past the people at the bar, like a bar would, so it somehow feels more sociable. I said a few words to the couple my drink was passed through and it was great. I had a mocha which was kinda out of character but I had just got done crushing several cups of coffee at brunch but couldn't pass Rocket Cat up when I walked by. See you next time I'm in philly!Some of the employees are surly and slow, it is true, but Jarmal is great! I've been going more often recently just because she's so friendly. The coffee is rocket fuel and needs a lot of buffer not to corrode your intestines. They blast the A/C during the summer, which is a godsend.Ah, my dearest Rocket Cat. We've had a good run, haven't we? I've spent years politely sipping your well-intentioned coffee and accepting your sweetly subpar cuisine. I've recommended you to newcomers. I've defended you to friends. I've been loyal to the very last, because when I've needed you, you've been there.
Today is the very last.
It's not just the fact that the cashier misheard my order not once, but twice, overcharging me by a good margin for my simple espresso and wrap order. It's not just the fact that even when I clarified my order, I was brusquely handed the wrong iced drink on a cold October day. It's basically all because despite paying upwards of $9 for a vegan wrap, I received a 2.5-inch stub of a flour tortilla with a skimpy mouthful of tofu inside, prompting me to wander, dazed from your establishment, holding a cold, watery coffee and pathetically light sandwich bag, feeling a bit like I'd just been robbed by a childhood friend turned sketchy adult.
Ah, Rocket Cat. You were once my go-to stop, but I think it's best we go our separate ways. And after ending up $13 in the hole for a large coffee-water and tiny snack, it's probably all I can afford.I decided to stop by this place after frequenting the area and I liked it. I walked in and it looked a lot bigger than I thought and had a lot of interesting decor. The service was fine and I got my order completed promptly.  The french toast bagel was good and the Americano was a good jolt. If I am around here, I will stop by for a bite and a cup of joe.I paid $5 for a large Thai iced coffee, and my mind flashed to John Travolta's Jack Rabbit Slimshake.  Was it good?  It was okay...tho poured from a pitcher rather than dripped at your table like the ones come at the pho spots, for half the price.Seriously, this place is great. I've stopped in a few times and the baristas are truly friendly and sweet folks (and like genuinely nice, not just like corporate-policy nice). Great coffee and the food is dang good too! Definitely coming here again!Open faced veggie sandwich with hummus.  Yum.  Besides, it's the hub of the neighborhood.  You're bound to run into people you know or chat and make nice with people you don't know.
If you are looking for faster service go to DD and support corporate.  Where NOTHING is prepared fresh.I go to Rocket Cat often, probably about once a week, and for the most part i love it. the coffee is usually great, the bagels are always awesome, the veggie cream cheese is the BEST. and I dig the art and the vibe here, but I'm writing this review today because of the awesome chicken salad sandwich i just had for lunch. i usually go in in the mornings for breakfast/coffee on days when i am either out of coffee at home, or to lazy/tired/crunched for time to make it. today i stopped in for lunch and i have to say it was hands down the BEST chicken salad sandwich i've ever had. if you like chicken salad you HAVE to go here.
now the only reason this gets 4 stars not 5. if you noticed up at the top i said the coffee is usually great, im not one to usually complain, and i will almost NEVER send something back, but there is one barista here, who makes espresso that is painfully bad, to the point where it is literally undrinkable. the first time i thought maybe it was a fluke, but the second and 3rd time, made me realize it was her.I go here quite often because it's pretty close to my apt. I can't say they are the friendliest people to walk in to. The music is usually pretty loud to where I have a hard time hearing what they say. However, their iced thai coffee is so good and really gets you going. I've also have a veggie bagel with veggie cream cheese. Pretty basic but still delicious. The Matcha Latte is very yummy as well. So, what they lack in actual personality, I think they make up for with quality of food and drink. 
Free Wifi.
No dogs allowed.
Cash Only but ATM available.
Vegan/Vegetarian options.Great local hangout.  Yummy food (especially the Thai tofu wrap).  Barristas are friendly...like being at Cheers!  It's not fast food or starbucks which is good in my book.Stopped here for coffee this morning while visiting Metal, Inc and was seriously impressed. Great baked goods, excellent coffee... I wouldn't say the service was exuberant, but it was efficient and perfectly pleasant, and I'm not remotely a regular. Also: they do take cards... it's just a $5 minimum.Due to the fact that Rocket cat is so close to work, its convenient at night to grab coffee when everything else is closed. I now only go in when I know Jermal is working the front. She is very friendly and down to earth. The stars are for her and the awesome food she makes!Rocket Cat is a cute place that I've been going on and off to for over 2 years.  They have decent coffee - its better now than it was when I first started going, and it has a cute atmosphere - they could clean it up a little though.  Their food is good dependent on what you order.
The biggest complaint is the service, if you've been there you know.  Never go there on a morning if you're in a rush, I've waited 20 minutes with 2 or 3 people in front of me on more than one occasion.   The people are nice but SOOO slow.  c'mon, its not that hard to get people a cup of coffee, or iced coffee in a timely fashion.The food is great here, and the music the baristas play is usually also great.  The service, however, is hit-and-miss.  Occasionally, the wait times are way too long, and many times, the food, when finally served, comes with a heaping side of attitude.  Once I watched with growing disgust as one of the servers went from handling money to preparing my breakfast burrito without washing his hands in between.  When i mentioned it, I received a silent withering stare.  Still, every now and then one of the employees will act friendly.  If they showed a bit more of this, Rocket Cat would Rock it, cat!The first time I went here I got the maple latte and I gotta say it was the best coffee I've ever had. Then the 2nd/3rd time, someone else made it and it sucked. Worth the risk if you want to check it out.It is really a shame because the food and coffee are really good. I am a huge fan of the cold mint ice tea, its really yummy, but the wait staff are just to snarky. They look at you like you are bothering them when you ask them for something, and they are extremely rude. Bad service, I will  never go back in there again.Certainly the best coffee house in the area.
While they don't roast their own, i haven't had a drip or espresso drink there that wasn't great.
Aside from the coffee, there's an extensive (and delicious) vegan menu, which makes this spot #1 on my list (if you live in the area, you know exactly why)... though if you eat meat or dairy, there's that too.
To boot, there's outdoor seating-- either in front of the cafe, or in the beautiful garden out back.
I don't generally stick around for more than just a bite, but when i have the service was great and the staff friendly.  Ample seating, a library stocked with interesting books, ATM on site, free wi-fi-- there's even a public computer available if you need to check your email.
The one potential drawback is that there's no table service, but i'm sure that's what keeps the prices so low.  Definite must for a quick sit down breakfast or lunch (or whatever) if you're in the area.I went here for the first time in about five years, and then remembered why I hadn't been here in five years.  The coffee isn't great.A little annoyed that, in spite of the explicit "no dog rule" and the obviously implicit "no toddler" rule, I walked in today to find two women sitting at the counter cuddling a SNAKE. 
I do like the staff at this place and, for the most part, find them very friendly. i don't think the snotty vibe has anything to do with them, although I know what people mean. 
But listen, guys, "no animals" should mean "no animals" and not just "no dogs".I'm going to up Rocket Cat's stars from 2 to 3. 
Most of my previous complaints about this place had to do with the morning hours. I have maybe only been back once in the morning since my last review so I have no idea if they fixed most of their problems.
What I do know is that they got some solid people working in the afternoon. Whenever I go in after 5pm, I never have a problem. The people who work there now know how to chat and be friendly, but without ignoring customers who walk up (I have a couple of friends who work here and they will stop talking to me to help a new customer - something I totally respect. A lot of problems I've had in the past had to do with baristas who spent too much time chatting with friends). The food is also made in an understandable amount of time in the afternoon. 
Ice coffee is still too expensive, though. $2.25 for a small? Sigh...I guess it's that way at more than just this place, but it still feels wrong.
So Rocket Cat, I'll give you an extra star. You're gaining back my trust slowly but surely.My favorite cafe, and neighborhood coffee shop. The Rocket Cat. A great place to come drink coffee and relax on a cozy couch in front  of a fire and chat to friends or just read a paper and people watch.  Yummy food and soups and a friendly nice staff.I'm revising my previous review because there has been a noticeable improvement in service. Over the last few months I've encountered much friendlier and professional service than in the past. It seems like some of the surlier staff is gone. I guess the owners read Yelp!This place has good hours and a decent location. The seating is deliberately mismatched and quirky, with the sum total of the decor adding up to a sort of cute divey sort of feel. Thing is, it's kind of expensive for a dive, making the whole thing feel a little precious. (See my previous post where I acknowledge that I am getting old). Good vegan snack options, which is nice, though this area has no shortage of those. There's no reason not to go here, but if you have the time, why not go somewhere like the (much better) Soy Cafe?Was inside for about an hour with my girlfriend meeting the account for a meeting and I'll never come back.  Food was delicious, service was super super rude.  I'm seriously disturbed to read report after report here on yelp about how consistently rude the service is.
The two folks working at the bar had some sort of problem with...something that they never made known.  I ordered a sandwich that was "called out" that i didn't hear and had a super rude waitress who seemed to be ending her shift notify me pretty curtly that it was sitting there in a way that was more about me getting it off their counter than them being troubled about my not having it.
The young girl (all of the staff were youngish females) that cooked it made a serious effort to apologize that I hadn't gotten it in a timely fashion.  My girlfriend also noted that as soon as she came in and asked about ordering she got a 'long, blank, rude stare" from the lady manning (lol gender-pun) the counter.
It was like we did something wrong to them or were known dog abusers or vanadlizers or something, literally.  I got that vibe, like I was KNOWN for having done something bad in the community or something.  Sneers, rude curt snips.
Why would I pay money for people to treat me like this and wtf is going on in Fishtown where people are acting like this so much so that report after report says how mean these folks are. 
I left feeling like they wished I hadn't entered.  And I most likely never will again.  There are way too many places to sit chat, and eat in Philly.I've lived in Fishtown for almost 7 years and I can tell you the neighborhood would not be the same without the Rocket Cat.  The coffee, the food, the people are all amazing.  I've had coffee from all over the US, including a recent trip exploring all the wonderful Seattle coffee houses and the Rocket Cat has never let my craving for irresistibly yummy coffee down.  It's my favorite place in Philly for coffee.  The food and snacks they are amazing.  I love to meet friends here, the atmosphere is perfect and relaxed, not to mention the beautiful garden out back!  Another thing I love about the Rocket Cat is that they support local artists and always have amazing art on display.  They are an asset to the community in so many ways.  I'm totally grateful that they're here.This review is mostly based on the terrible service I've had every time I've come in. The baristas are never friendly--in fact I always feel like I'm putting them out just by being there. 
As for the coffee, it's just okay; however their chai is out of this world and the reason I kept coming back!! But I'm just not willing to "slum it" to Rocket Cat when there are plenty of other coffee shops nearby with better service and products.Unlike other reviews, everyone I encountered here is really friendly.  I stopped by for a lazy, warm Sunday afternoon of studying.  I got a bagel with veggie cream cheese and tomato slices.  The veggie cream cheese is seriously delicious.  You can definitely tell that it was homemade.  I also had a special peppermint mocha that was awesome.  
The atmosphere was great, save for a few annoying children whose parents let them rollerblade (yes, actually rollerblade) through the cafe.  Repeatedly.  In circles.  While yelling.  But a business can't be blamed for the abysmal parenting of certain patrons.  I will definitely be back.This is one of the coziest, friendliest coffee shops in the city; I've never received anything but genuinely friendly service. Yes, it comfortably fits into the stigma as a "hipster establishment", but thankfully, you don't get the expected snooty attitude at all. The coffee and the eats are nothing to write home about, but they're also not bad. Prices, too, are very reasonable. Only issues are that it's roasting hot in here during the summer, and icy cold in the winter!I have been eating at Rocket Cat Café for many years, and also have contributed vegan baked goods to them.
This is one of the best independent coffee bars I have found in Philadelphia.  The waitstaffers are consistently courteous and polite without being overly friendly, and they treat patrons with more or less informality, as they wish.  Patrons vary from young parents with small children (children are welcomed here, and treated with respect and kindness), to young adults who are trying to save the world, to job interviewers and people working on laptops, to neighbors, to more mature patrons.  All are made welcome.  
The décor is modest, but welcoming and relaxing, and has a charm all its own.  The outside seating is charming as well.  The periodic displays are local art are appealing, as well.
The coffee is very good; the baked goods are very good; the bagels with veggie cream cheese are excellent; the everything bagels with veggie cream cheese, avocados, and extra tomatoes are top of the line.  The bowl of bite-sized chunks of raw sugar, near the coffee condiments, is a draw for patrons of any age.
I also have contributed vegan baked goods here.  These people are consistently pleasant to work with, have communicated everything clearly, and made my job as easy as possible.  The owner cares for her employees, and it shows.
A coffee bar, at its best, can be a kind of welcoming family room; and that is what patrons will find at Rocket Cat.I'm still a little baffled with my experience here. I was warned it was cash only by a friend. I was also warned that the staff and patrons act a little different. Knowing it was cash only and I only had 1 100 dollar bill, I purposely padded my order to around 15 dollars so they could easily give me 4 20s back. Being a cash only place, I figured they would have plenty of change. I picked up a coffee cake, some juice, my friend's order and my coffee. Lady pours my coffee and comes back to the register.
I pull out my freshly minted 100 dollar bill and I got the most confusing response to money I have ever gotten in my life. 
"I'm sorry, but we don't accept 100 dollar bills." 
I was like.. what? You're cash only and I have cash.
"I'm sorry, but that's just our policy, you can get change across the street"
Lady points to two guys sitting on chairs outside of this ghetto ass car wash. 
"i reply back, no thanks, that's all I got"
Lady gives me look and goes here. I already poured the coffee, you can have it for free. 
"I said, thank you, you don't have too but I'll take it."
That's where I started thinking... This place just lost money by giving me that coffee for free because they wouldn't take my money.  I can deal with cash only.. I get it, like the rest of Philly you guys want to save on taxes. 
But if you're cash only, take my freaking cash. This is America, 100 dollar bills are part of the currency. I don't know if you're scared of fake bills, but your a coffee shop, who uses fake bills at a coffee shop??
I'm sorry, I just had to vent. I still can't believe they lost money because they wouldn't take my money. Unreal.