What a fun spot!  I love the name of the place, the food is delicious, the bartender is very sweet, and conviniently close to the 30th street train station!
It's funny but stopping by to grab a quick bite for dinner, the bar was filled with women like me grabbing a bite there alone, and I have to say - first time I've seen a bar filled with so many professional women and it was pretty darn awesome.
French onion soup was fantastic, and the pork belly tacos were good, not too fatty.  Look forward to my next trip to try the mac n' cheese!I love the food. However, I have twice had my credit card over charged. The first I let slide as it was not much and I assumed it was a mistake. The 2nd time was by $10. Which is f**cked up since I always tip at least 20-25% and consider myself to be a regular. I've also had the waitress give my party the wrong change on at least 2 occasions. At the time I just assumed she couldn't count but after the credit card theft, I'm not so sure. I don't like being cheated and won't be going back.Rogue's Gallery has quickly become one of my favorite 'after-work' hangouts in Center City Philadelphia. With good food, a wide drink selection, and a fun atmosphere, there's really nothing to not like!
After living in University City since 2009, I finally moved across the bridge once I graduated in June, and now reside in Center City Philly. Rogue's Gallery is a block over from my place, and serves some of the best food in town - bar or otherwise, for a great price. The chicken tenders, the pirogies, and the veggie burger are all fantastic items that you just can't go wrong with. Top it off with some fresh tater tots and Sriracha ketchup, and you have a real winner! Prices are also quite reasonable for the quality,
The drinks selection is great, the ambiance is fun and trendy, and in all, this is a super fun hangout for some good sips and eats!a rogue's special recently caught my eye, and I HAD TO HAVE IT. 
so i ventured over to this hidden gem of bar near rittenhouse and ordered myself the swedish pancakes with mushrooms, shallots, spiced apples & goat cheese. it was sweet meets savory; brunch meets dinner; yum meets more yum - a delicious combination of a few of my favorite things, in a preparation i had never before had the privilege of experiencing. (just peep the linked pic and drool along with me, k?)
here's hoping this scrumptious special finds its way onto the permanent menu, or makes another special appearance soon. oh, and please note: this was a DINNER special...rogue's doesn't offer brunch hours...yet.Came to Philly as an in and out for business and my hometown team (Cleveland Browns) was playing tnite. I looked up Browns Backer bars and this was the spot. Great atmosphere, local divey feel (which I love).
The staff was great and was very attentive. I only wish I didn't have that cheesesteak or I'd have eaten here too. Will definitely be back when I'm in townWhat a place. Great emery, helpful staff and reasonable prices. Drinks are a bit below par but atmosphere and friendliness make up for it. HiLove this place! It's a refreshing new spot in the area that's got the casual, laid-back vibe of a pub, with a touch of fun, party, lounge atmosphere.  Great drink specials, tasty food, awesome dj. Wait staff is super friendly and, depending on the night of the week, can turn into a super fun dance party!A dive bar made good.  Cleaned up inside and a fresh kitchen.  Me likey.We love this place. Great beers on draft, cool people, and surprisingly great food. (Think Fig /Goat Cheese salads and burgers with Gorgonzola.) The bartenders remember your favorite shots and you never have to wait for a drink.I haven't ordered a veggie burger in awhile, now that I'm back on the red meat train. I wanted to go for a "lighter" lunch at a recent company outing, and when the waitress recommended I go veg,  I nodded eagerly. The burger was homemade, didn't crumble apart, tasted fantastic and had a black bean base.
Ask for a side of the housemade horseradish aoli and you can thank me later. 
Staff is super nice and the atmosphere is homey. Definitely a hidden gem in the Rittenhouse area.We moved to Philly (Center City) 10 months ago and immediately started searching for a fun place close to our apartment. Having spent most of our lives thus far in a university town, we wanted to find a place that reminded us of those good times. Rogues Gallery is one of 30+ places we've tried and is the best fit best fit for us. Friendly staff, lively crowd and good food. We love their burgers but by the time we down a couple of cold brews and a plate of humus, we rarely find room for one. The humus starter is wonderful and only $6 at happy hour!!Ordered delivery from them. Fries were soggy and gave me wrong sandwich. Bread was burnt. May give it one more chance but probably won't bother with delivery.Yes please!
What a hidden gem Rogue's Gallery is! I met up with a couple of friends for happy hour and was pleasantly surprised. Rogue's is off the beaten path of mainstream Rittenhouse Square Area and is a refreshing change of scenery from my normal go to places. The bar is the perfect combination of up-scale, divey-ness that is hard to explain until you see it. Our immediate reaction to the place was, "Wow. We need to be regulars here," and I completely plan on making that happen!
Great specials for happy hour. Can't wait to come back here to try the food or come dancing on a friday night!**The Official home of the Philadelphia Browns' Backers**
If you're a Cleveland Browns fan there is NOWHERE else in the city you should be than at Rogue's Gallery. There is no excuse or debate. First off, we have our beloved Cleveland Browns, BEER, fellow members of the DAWG POUND and the GM, Pablo, IS A BROWNS FAN! Those reasons alone you should have your Cleveland Brownie hide in there. Granted, it's too late for this season but there are rumors of a draft day party! 
As for the bar. I have to say their waitstaff was very warm and welcoming. It's a very friendly bar to go to. Love the menu, the Shurmur Burger w/ TATER TOTS as awesome. Did I mention they SELL TATER TOTS! Yes, I know I'm a little excited about TATER TOTS but they were crispy and delicious. My girl had the buffalo wings that were dripping with sauce, heat and flavor. Plus she loved the TATER TOTS as well. The bar is medium size and it was perfect. TVs from every viewing angle. 
As for the beer selection, they have the staples but I like the mix of micro brews. They don't have the selection of a Manny Brown's or Trolley Car but the beers they do have were great. I enjoyed the Dogfish Head Indian Brown Ale and a couple of Guinesses during the game. I was hoping there would be a selection of Belgium imports but I didn't see any. After all, it's not that type of bar. It's a true sports bar with a cozy feel. 
After the game, the bar quiets down to a nice level for conversation and enjoyment of more brew. The ambient light isn't too bright or dark. Again, I can't say enough about the staff there and especially the GM Pablo. Customer service is what makes this place stand out in Center City. 
If you're not a Cleveland Browns fan, go. It's a great place that you won't have to wait a million years to get your food or drink. If you are, you should already know about this place. 
HERE WE GO BROWNIES, HERE WE GO! WOOF WOOFcame across this place by accident walking around the other day and popped in for a cold miller lite.....i was the only one in there around 12pm but had a nice conversation with the young male bartender who was very nice and polite.....didn't stay for lunch but maybe next time.....this is not really a dive bar...maybe at one time it was but not now...i was in there for abt. 1/2 hr then a few other people came in to drink.....it's not my style of bar....a little pricy !... i like divey neighborhood corner bars...but thats my taste..believe me there is.nothing wrong with this place, just not for me.....i did check out the toilets and they were very clean...maybe some other day  i will check it out in the evening when more is going onLow-key atmosphere with good bar food, a decent selection of beer options, and a fun vibe. Excellent neighboorhood bar that is convenient to both CC and the Art Museum area. Always enjoy hitting this place up at the end of a long day!The eggplant parm was amazing. Loved the marinara, that the eggplant was nice and soft into smaller, manageable pieces...super filling and only $10! Pretty messy but worth it.This is a cool little bar in Center City with a respectable selection of drafts, good prices, and decent specials. The bartender was friendly as were the other patrons. If I lived in the neighborhood I might make this my regular spot.I haven't tried the food yet, but the service at this place is absolutely amazing. Sat outside on a busy Friday and every employee that walked by us asked us if we needed anything and took care of us right away. The entire staff is personable and fun, including the owner. If you're looking for somewhere to go in the city for a couple beers this is your place! Thank you for a great Friday Rogue's Gallery!!There is nothing more annoying than already having to take your ID out to get a drink.... But what's more annoying is having to take it out every time you go up and order a drink. Yes, they carded me multiple times in one night even after ordering MULTIPLE DRINKS from the same bartenders. ANNOYING! Can't y'all just stamp my hand and call it a night? I should be flattered, but really?
But in all seriousness... Drinks were good, not too expensive (I ordered food and at-least 6-7 drinks and bill was only like $45), even though they kept carding me the bartenders were very friendly, great music, cool vibe, lots of different age groups here. Pretty basic bar. This was just our pre-game, so I will probably be back on another weekend before going out again!Really homey type of a bar. It's a safe stop for a few beers. The bar area is on the small side.I came to Rogues in the first place to see a friend perform and had minimal expectations, but parts of my experience left a bit to be desired. The place itself is a hole-in-the-wall at best with low lighting; the bar space is somewhat narrow and gets crowded rather easily--not to mention it is difficult to summon a bartender for service, making the wait to order a drink a bit longer than one would prefer.  There is table seating in the back but there was only one server working the night I was there and while it looked like she was working tirelessly, it took her 2 HOURS from the time I arrived for her to come to my table and ask me if I'd like to order food.  At the very least, the cast-iron skillet breaded mac and cheese I ordered was worth the wait and the portion was generous for the price, but to be quite honest, the primary reason I was there was to see Tommy Ciccone and Eric13, both of whom, as always, put on a stellar performance.  I would only return if Tommy has a future performance at Rogues and will make sure to summon the server immediately if I wish to order food, as I suggest for you if you ever decide to check this place out.Went here for the first time on a Saturday night with 2 friends, sat in the bar area at a table.  There was a private party being hosted in the back room.   We ordered 4 small plates to share and the food took over an hour to come.  The bartender did come over to say it was taking longer due to the kitchen being 'slammed' due to the party.
While the manager was friendly and helped my friend find the bathroom, the rest of the staff were not.  At the end of our night we tried to settle our tab at the bar, and the computer system was malfunctioning.  My friend stood waiting at the bar for over 20 minutes, during which they restarted the computers 3 times.  We ended up paying cash for our $80 bill, all to a very rude bartender and an owner who didn't seem to care that there was an issue and was mingling with the party guests.   My group of friends and I are not needy customers, but basically felt ignored in this bar.  
We went here based on the rave reviews on Yelp but were seriously disappointed and wont be returning.  The front bar room was absolutely freezing and everyone was wearing their coats to stay warm.
The private party seemed to be the focus of the night and it appeared that their staff was spread a little thin and unable to handle a normal Saturday night of business.We were looking for a place to eat around lunch time on a Sunday while in Philly.  The reviews seemed good enough.  Popping into the darker bar, we took a couple of seats at the bar.
The bartender and possibly owner or manager both greeted us.  They asked if we were there for the Browns game, which we were not.  Apparently, the Browns fans in the area all meet there, which is a cool little thing.  Love the concept.
We ordered a few sandwiches.  I had the chicken blt wrap.  It was fine.  Nothing too exciting.  We watched the pregame while we ate.  A few Browns fans rolled in.  It was like week 7, so their record and the surprisingly beautiful day probably decreased attendance.
The bartender was friendly and told us about the specials.  Food was fine.  Nothing was great, but it was fine for bar food.I've been here three times in the past two weeks, and each time I was unimpressed.  I will not be returning.
Visit # 1 - 7:15 pm on a Friday.  Bar is totally dead.  A friend and I are meeting two other friends who have been drinking there.  We sit at the bar with our friends who are finishing up drinks.  Ten minutes and the bartender actively ignores me and the other new arrival.  WTF?  I should not have to physically get in your face for you to get me a drink; it's your job.  I'm the customer, you're the bartender.  Ask me what I want.  We left without being served or even minimally acknowledged.
Visit # 2 - 12:15 pm on a Sunday, immediately after the Philadelphia Marathon.  I had run it and wanted a Bloody Mary.  We had a large group (8 people) and the back room was empty-- perfect!  The first round of Bloodys was perfectly nice, although some came with olives and other pickled veggies while others did not, which was annoying.  We ordered a few apps; not impressive, and by the time we got to the bottom of the plate of wings, we realized to our horror that the wings were not cooked all the way through.  The second round of Bloodys was completely horrible.  Watery, not mixed well, spice balance was off.  We would have ordered sandwiches because we were hungry, but between the poor drinks and appetizers, combined with overhearing the hostess proudly announce to a table being seated that "EVERY TELEVISION will be tuned to the Cleveland Browns game" (I get it, you're a Browns bar, but really-- every TV? that alienates other customers for no reason), we quickly left.
Visit # 3 - 8pm on a Friday.  Bar is less dead than my previous Friday visit.  I sit at the bar.  Again, the bartender sees right through me!  It takes a good ten minutes before I am able to dramatically flag her down.  This is completely ridiculous.  As more of our party arrive, we move to the back room.  Three of us order Sixpoint Bengali Tiger drafts.  I have a few sips and think it tastes strange...like garlic.  The other two agree.  We complain; the server smells it, tries to claim that IPAs just smell like that (um, NO), and asks ONE of us if he wants something else instead.  I don't really care that she didn't give me the option, because I was afraid to drink any of the other drafts, so gross was the Bengali Tiger (which I'd had, and was fine, on my previous visit).  We ordered tater tots to snack on, which were tasty but grossly over-salted.
This bar has so much potential.  It is really attractive and the beer selection is not bad.  I really wanted to like it.  But I can't imagine any circumstance that would ever compel me to return.This place is acceptable for a low key neighborhood bar. The ambiance is ok. The food is ok-but the tater tots are awesome so get them instead of fries (which look subpar). Wings are good, they are crispy but could use a little more sauce, they have a few flavors to choose from. The nachos were not good at all. Chicken cutlet  sandwhich was very good. 
The staff is really friendly and nice - however   Sometimes it gets packed and it's understaffed and hard for them to keep up so there could be a little wait for service which my be a result of their system -bc the kitchen brings the food to the bartender and the bartender then has to enter it the system before it's served out to both people at the bar or people at tables - so this is not an efficient process when it's busy. This is not something noticeable unless it's packed and understaffed.
The TVs are older and could be bigger and not as highly placed. Not ideal for sports watching / TV watching but it is acceptable. 
I would give a thumbs up of you take it for what it is- low key chill neighborhood bar.One of the best joints in the city! The menu is good across the board, and they have live music on Tuesdays, Thursdays, Fridays and Saturdays ( Tues and Thurs are live acoustic, Fri and Sat are live DJ's). Friendly staff, and reasonable prices for the Rittenhouse area.I came in with a group of coworkers after our holiday party last week and really enjoyed the vibe and the drinks. I'd wanted to go back to try the food though, because the menu sounded pretty good.
I stopped in right around 5p yesterday with a friend and a waitress walking by dropping off drinks to a nearby table told us to grab a seat wherever and grabbed a nearby chair for us as we made our way toward an empty spot in the back room. There were other parties back there- a larger group doing what looked to be a gift exchange and a couple of other tables of 2. We sat for about 15 minutes... no one came by, no one offered a menu... nothing. So I stood up to grab a menu from a basket I'd spotted on our way in. That same waitress walked past me again en route to drop off drinks. Unfortunately, that's when I realized that she wasn't a waitress at all, but she was the bartender as well. The bar was full, the tables were full, and there was literally 1 person working. My friend and I sat for about 5-10 more minutes before throwing our hands up and going to Cavanaugh's.Each time I go in there it is just the right amount of busy.  There is always a seat at the bar but it is never empty.  
Marissa the bar tender is a total sweet heart who takes great care of me.  She lets me know what I should order and she always makes a good call.
I enjoy going not too late on Friday nights.First, I REALLY want this place to succeed.  This neighbourhood needs a place like this.  It has a nice classic vibe to it with wood paneling and a large back room for dining or music in the evening.  There is every reason it SHOULD succeed, but they must improve their food.  My first order was grilled cheese and fries.  This was good, but hard to mess up.  While talking to the bartender, she mentioned how their food is fresh.  my second visit was not so good.  I ordered the crab cake sandwich special.  The crab cake was one of the worst I have ever had.  It was a frozen mush with hardly any crab in it.  It was really bad, to the point that I couldn't eat it.  The onion rings I ordered were cooked in oil that was not hot enough, resulting in oily tasting rings.  Themaelstrome bartender, who had to have seen that I didn't eat any of it, didn't ask, how are things or if there was a problem. If you are going to improve, you have to ask.  He didn't seem very attentive to the customers in general.  Some coworkers went over on my recommendation and also had horrible food.  It's a shame, like i said, I want this place to succeed, but they MUST begin making things fresh and put some heart into it.  Frozen junk is a death nell in this city that has so many great places.  They have a nice beer, modest, selection of beers, now let's work on the food.Nice neighborhood place with a comfortable vibe.  On Friday's have the Peruvian fish and chips.  Yum!A dive bar that's trying to not be divey. Not a fan of that. Gotta embrace your character. Not sure why they were playing house music. If they stuck to 80s it would have been better. The drink menu is rather limited although they had Mad Elf which was nice.Very much appreciate having a Cleveland backing bar in Philly. And I enjoy the selection of Great Lakes beer! I thought the food was only ok. Honestly next time I'll probably stick to the beer !Look at the date of the reviews, as there is a big gap from when two colleagues and I went based on the raving reviews and the last rating/comment.  Chris Ritter, whoever he is - attorney turned chef or vice versa - does not cook here anylonger.  I was tempted to walk out as soon as we walked in thinking we were in the wrong place, a hole-in-the-wall, but we stayed, and the food was good, service fine.  It could have been because we showed-up at 1, but it was dead all but for a few people at the bar "getting their drink on."  That was a little uncomfortable (and I'm an Infantry vet).  At that point it felt like anotner corner bar, a very empty one where no one was eating at the tables.  It wasn't until we got inside and saw the specials that we knew it was truly "Rouge's" since there was no obvious signage outside (I could be wrong).
The pierogie appetizers were tasty, albeit a bit too oily/greesy.  My mates ordered the burger, chicken, and I had the chicken cutlet, all quite good. The food was all very good, especially for the price, $44 for 3 people and no alcohol.  The waitress was friendly and attentive; a very nice woman who appeared to be management or owner asked us sincerely if the food was good.  The place was also clean, and by the end, i felt like it had good charater.Great place for a beer and the staff is excellent, Mondays is poker night come and have a beer and enjoy a poker game with some great people.I went here for the first time for an after work drink and also ordered the perogies.  If I had never gone back, this would be a 5 star review.  The perogies were absolutely delicious.  I returned a couple of weeks later and ordered the same thing.  Absolutely terrible!  The perogies were covered in a weird pesto sauce and were not cooked fully.  I went back for a third time because it is close to my apartment and the prices were reasonable.  This time I ordered tomato soup and grilled cheese.  The soup was fine, nothing special though.  The grilled cheese was 2 slices of American cheese between two slices of wonder bread.  The sandwich was cut into 4 triangles.  I was thoroughly unimpressed.  My husband ordered the French onion soup which was served luke warm and there were no onions in it.  It was basically a bowl of beef broth with cheese on top.  The manager asked us how everything was and we gave her honest feedback.  she offered us a free round of drinks, but we didn't want to stick around any longer.  We would have been happier if she told us our meals were free.  We will never go back.A nice corner bar in the Rittenhouse area.  The price of beer isn't bad for the area, the place has an interesting look to it, and the staff and patrons were friendly.  While it is not something that I would travel far and wide for, it is definitely a solid place to spend the night grabbing drinks or a quick bite.Bartenders are nice and the scene is good.  Happy hour specials can help bring the bill down.  Tons of tv's for watching a game.  Also check out the live guitarist on TuesdaysReally wanted to like this place, have been there 4 or more times, hoping it would be a different experience each time.
The service is awful. More than once, bf and I sit at bar. Maybe 4 others at the bar. Lady bartender has back to us, slowly pouring pints. Pour. Pause. Waits. Has her back to us for about 5 minutes while she mostly  stands there idle, waiting for beer foam to settle(?). Mind you, there are mirrors, so she doesn't actually have to turn around to see us. The two guys to our right are clenching their empty glasses, staring at her hoping she'll turn around and notice they've been waiting - for a while - to order another round. She delivers beer to waitress, doesn't look at any of the customers who are all waiting to order something. And kind of lolly gags for a while. It's not that busy but no one is getting served. The collective frustration is visible. Whatever nikay minaj (?) mash up that was playing was painfully too loud followed by more bad music. 
She eventually takes our drink order, the guys next to us are about to jump the bar and get their own drinks. I know it's hard working in a bar, but multitasking is part of the gig. There wasn't any multitasking going on here. I'd say she had to be stoned to be that clueless. 
I guess at 8 pm, there's live music. The fellow next to us had his guitar and amp - was trying to get her attention to ask where he should set up. She looked at him like 'why are you asking me that?'  The nikay minaj mashup is still playing - he's set up and ready to play, is strumming his guitar for about 4 minutes, goes to the bar to ask them to turn music off. Waitress and bartender acted surprised at this. "Huh? Can't hear you. What? Turn it off? Why?"
I was so embarrassed for him and irritated with both servers now, I couldn't stand being there for another minute. Trying to get her attention for the check? Ha. Couldn't get out of there fast enough.The bartenders here have to be the laziest and most inattentive I've ever had. I like to take late lunches with my coworkers, and we've been in here twice. The place is dead except for our group both times so we would expect decent service.  The guy bartender plays on his phone the entire time, so we have to grab him to order drinks and food.  When one of us is low on drinks, we have to pull him away from his phone.  My friend only ordered tater tots, which took over an hour to arrive.  When it finally did, he plate in front of here with no apology. Just simply mediocre service. This place has ok food and drink selections. Please just hire people who care.One of the best bars in Philly. The food is always delicious, with interesting specials. The Mac and cheese is unbelievable 
They have a great offering of draft beers and the staff is always quirky yet friendlyspent the early afternoon waiting for my teen n friends to finish up a show at the helium Comedy Club.  extremely friendly and attentive bartender , also very friendly kitchen staff. Adorable interior. All-over  good vibe.  thank u!The food here is pretty solid. I have been happy with everything I ordered. Except the champagne. But who really needs to drink champagne with nachos? 
I've had the Mac-N-Cheese, Nachos, Pirogies, and honey-sriracha wings. 
All are two thumbs up. 
It's elevated pub-grub. Which I love. You can't really miss with stuff like that. It's pretty advantageous of them to offer things like rabbit and frogs legs. I'm impressed. Though I'm not going to order them, I'll just infer that if they're going to have the balls to serve it, they're going to make damn sure that it's done well. 
The bar tenders/servers here are so kind, and nice. 
One star off because sometimes it gets loud. The other star off because I haven't had much more off the menu and I'm intrigued to see how the rest of the food compares. I'll be back though to see. :) 
Actually, now that I think about it, I'm really excited to come back to try the rest of the menu.Fantastic neighborhood bar. As someone who lives less than 50 ft from this bar, I'm so glad that this is the bar that's closest to our apartment complex. 
The bar itself looks like a middle of the road dive bar, decently clean, lots of wood, cheap beer. I liked the place a lot more when Brian was bartending but I think he moved on. 
The menu is the pleasant surprise in this place - for a dive-ish bar, the food is really very good. The mussels are awesome, the burgers are competent, the honey-sriracha wings are pretty good too. We always end up getting the tater tots too, with sriracha ketchup. 
Really couldn't be happy with our neighborhood bar. I do avoid it late night though, as I've seen it get pretty packed. Certainly not a place worth navigating a crowd for, but for happy hour, or a weekday meet-up, great place.After a fun night of karaoke, my group was trying to figure out what bars were close by to go hang out at. A friend mentioned that they had parked near a bar down the block. and that is how we ended up at Rogue's Gallery. 
First, I loved that for a Friday night around 11pm, the bar was not extremely crowded with strangers spilling their drinks on me. The bar is in the front room with plenty of space and there is a back room with tables. There were about 10 of us in my group and we had a seat  at tables in the back.
Second, the music was great. Every five minutes, someone in our group would comment on how great the music was. We didn't even notice, until we asked the waitress, but there was actually a DJ in the front room that we had missed when we walked in. DJ NAJ, I want your entire playlist. Immediately.
Our waitress was really friendly and accommodating. 
It took awhile for our food to come out, which was strange because we didn't see anyone else eating. I just had fries, but everyone enjoyed their food once it arrived.Would I have come to Rogues, if Chris Ritter werent the chef here? Probably not, but I wouldnt be against it. Its a nice little place in a great section of the city. A great bar with ample room and good beers. With or without Chris, more people should be aware of this little gem just outside of Center City.
Heres the part where I admit my bias. Chris R is a good friend. That said and despite accusations to the contrary, I would not pad this review with accolades, if the meal was just so-so. I'd opt to say nothing at all. This 5 star review, is based on the Pork Belly Tacos alone. Other flaws with Rogues could havwe knocked off a few stars , but really, I couldnt find anything disagreeable here.
Speaking of those tacos, my God! Chris takes an obvious pride in his work with all things bacon-y. The PB Tacos are a perfect example of simple perfection. Chris knows that the Pig is a rock star, and doesnt  get too fancy with it. It is worth a trip here just to try these things people. ( go soon...trust me.).
While still reeling from the PB Taco, I realized I had to choose a meal and since 100 Tacos werent an option, I went with the Italian Beef sandwich.  Ive had different incarnations of this sandwich elsewhere, but I have to say this one tops my list. Everything was portioned perfectly between cheese, bread and meat. Not too much bread, no meat flowing out the back when you bite, just a perfectly made, easy to eat, delicious sandwich. The while culinary experience made the rest of my day.
So dont overlook this great spot in Philly. Make it your lunch place, you wont be disappointed. Always get the special, no matter what it is. And certainly be on the lookout for whatever Chris Ritter is getting his hands dirty with next.Just a fast review...was here maybe 10 years ago and it had a dive feel too it...but stopped in today for a quick bite and drink before an appointment and was pleasantly surprised...I had a chicken bean soup that was delicious...savory broth plenty of well cooked chicken, beans and a pasta...topped with toasted bread strips for dunking...very very tasty...the bullitt old fashioned was well made...the menu looked very interesting...I wish I had had time to try a few items...the escargot on toast looked very interesting!Giving it a 4 out of 5 because of newest change.  Old menu had an amazing roast beef sandwich but some of the awesome old items are now gone.  Bring em back and get 5 stars.Stumbled upon this dive last night for a happy hour after work.  I definitely enjoyed the visit and the deals will probably bring me back here in the future.
It's off the beaten path on 21st off Market St.  The happy hour is great.  It is from 5-7.
$4 beers and $5 wines
$6 appetizers
I went with 3 of my friends and we each got 4 beers and split 3 appetizers and spent $20 each! The food was plentiful and delicious.  We got the nachos, fries, and buffalo cauliflower.  I LOVED the cauliflower and the fries...will probably do without the nachos next time.  
Our waitress was attentive and friendly and vibe is definitely divey, but not at all smokey or dark which are two things I hate about dives. Overall: I recommend and will totally be back.The wings here are pretty decent. The classic buffalo are solid, while the honey sriracha sauce is genius. The pierogis here were also good, although they needed a little more cheese. Overall, nice bar with a pretty laid back atmosphere and solid wings.I live right near this bar (perhaps gastropubs would be better) and sometimes hi there on the way ole.  Drinks are always god abs they have a good beer list.
The food is creative and upscale for this type of place and extremely reasonably priced fur what you get.  They literally have a slew of  different specials everyday and a decent size menu so I've never had the same thing twice.
It's a little loud at night and I wish they would do something about that.  I can sometimes heat what's going on there from my condo!  The crew from the Trader Joe's a block away often hang out there after work so that's part of the problem.
I always take out of town friends there for a quick bite out and socializing.  It's more affordable than most of the restaurants in this neighborhood and a sure thing.Yet another place where I go play poker! I go there almost every Monday to enjoy a nice free Texas hold'em poker tournament with Primetime league. I like Rogues Gallery service and food. In general, they are quick and the quantity and quality of the food is great. I had the vegetarian burger, the grilled chicken burger and tots (not all at once!) and everything was very tasty. I am not a vegetarian and I don't generally order veggie burger but this one was VERY tasty and had consistency. I would go back there even if it was not for poker!
Tips: Be careful, the red sauce with the tots is NOT ketchup!!Stopped in for drinks. I felt like I had just walked into Jersey. 
Nice place if you are into that sort of thing, but it was not for me.Great service and food up until my family got sick like a reenactment of the Bridesmaid's movie (food poisoning scene).  I'm pretty sure the hamburger I got for my kids may have been the cause of our foodborne illnesses as my daughter began to throw up all night about an hour or two after consumption followed by me, my son and then my wife who all shared the burger the kids couldn't finish.  With so many dishes on the menu it's not hard to believe this may have been the result of cross-contaminated food preparation?  To end on a positive note we all got a great ab workout from throwing up for about 8 hours and we probably won't forget our outing for years to come.  Maybe some Gordon Ramsey type actions are in order?Solid place, a little off the beaten path. Interesting and varied menu. Stop in here for lunch usually once a month. Pretty decent selection of beer. Good service.First thing- The staff is straight out of Jersey Shore. Omg. 
Next- Where is everyone?? I went on a Tuesday night, so okay, not a big busy night out for many, but geez. We had the place almost to ourselves.
Lastly- Not a great beer selection, by any means. If I have to resort to Lager because that's the best thing you have on tap, your selection is lacking.
I'd say it's an okay place if you want a beer and don't want to socialize, and don't mind the staff. The tab was cheap enough (I bought a few drinks for a few friends, so I don't even know how many, but it seemed cheap), and one of our party ate something and didn't fall over, so I guess the food was okay. 
I hope it succeeds too. It's a very attractive bar, and there's a large room in the rear which has a lot of potential. Good luck. I'll try again one day, I'm sure.This place is amazing! Everything about it is great: food, ambiance, noise level, service. I got the pierogies and the were so flavorful and well-made. I also tried the tater tots and though I don't like tater tots, they were so crispy and tasty! The bartenders were also great. I am definitely going back soon!Drinks were excellent bar was great but the DJ sucked so much I had to leave the place outside waiting across the street waiting for him to stop playing his shitty choices of music, a bar full of adults it's the last place I would expect to hear despacitoReally homey feeling, really nice staff who went out of their way to serve everyone in a timely fashion despite it being a very crowded night.Amazing. Went here after a concert and my dining experience was even better than my concert experience. This place made my night. Got the Mac and cheese and classic burger and I.T was so delicious. Chicken fingers are also fresh made and delicious same with the fries. Fresh cut. GREAT MEALI am not sure why there are Sooo many crazy high reviews about the food. The menu and the reviews set the bar really  high. However, my friend and I were not left wanting more. The service was good. but the calamari was dry and didn't  pair well with the hot sauce that they put all over the calamari. The poutin fries with gravy were great in theory but lacked flavor and were not characteristic of poutin and gravy. The burger was kinda good, a bit dry and some might say too sweet. The hash browns could have used a bit more seasoning but we're decent. I thought the place was chill and all but I wouldn't  go back for dinner at least.It was OK, we were walking down the street and stopped in for a bite. We ordered hummus and it was "whatever" the drinks pricey...really this place isn't anything special.Wow. In a not-good way. I just reread every review from the last year trying to find a shred of evidence that my experience was not an outlier. Perhaps it was, and for the sake of Rogue's Gallery, I hope this was just a freak night. We arrived for happy hour, starving of course, and jazzed to finally give this faux-dive-bar a shot. We sat at the bar across from the bartender, who was neither overly friendly, nor surly, just...doing his job. 
I ordered the Mac & Cheese, which is purported to be amazing, and the mussels, which I had no preconceived notions about. Since there was no heat in the description, I asked for red pepper flakes to be added. My hubs got the fish tacos.
We waited 25 minutes for this food order to arrive, only seconds before I was about to break my silence about where the hell is our food? I looked around, no one else was eating, and the place was not packed. 
I think I witnessed the moment when the bartender realized too much time had passed without our being served and he disappeared into the kitchen, returning moments later with our food.
The good news:  my husband loved his tacos. And the sesame bread that came with mussels was quite good.
The bad news: the mussels were probably the third worst I've ever had. ( yes, I keep track). They were not fresh. They ALL tasted fishy, and looked dried out and rubbery. The broth did nothing to mask this. In fact, the red pepper wasn't there to give me any reprieve from the sea water and rotting flesh casserole I was trying to eat, so I asked the bartender politely to pass me the red pepper flakes. This is where things got worse.
Instead of passing the jar, which was in my line of vision(and I gestured to it), he said defensively, "Theres red pepper flakes in there!" 
"No, there's not."
"Yes, there is!"
"Do you see any?" Because, folks, red pepper flakes don't disintegrate in broth. They'd be very visible, and, also detectable by any one of my hundreds of taste buds.
"It's in the broth!"
I'm not having this fight anymore....I smile.
"Can I please have some more red pepper?"
And again, instead of passing me the jar that is practically within my reach, he ran back to the kitchen, most likely to vindicate himself. I'm sure he told the cook to put the pepper in, but that certainly doesn't guarantee that he did.
He came back a minute later and handed me the jar while I was devouring my freezing, cold Mac and cheese, since the mussels were inedible. (spoiler alert: the red pepper didn't help). 
The Mac and cheese couldn't possibly have been worse. The crunchy top layer (hardly any crisped onions) was slightly warm, not from an oven, but from a heat lamp, because the temperature inside was as if it had been sitting out all day long. So was the consistency. There wasn't cheese, there was yellow liquid. So disappointing. Yet, I was so hungry I ate every slimy morsel.
Can't say the same for the mussels. I tried one more and quit. I think I ate about 7 before my gag reflex set in. I used the bread to soak up what was left of my cheese sauce. The shame.....
The bartender tentatively asked me how everything was, already knowing the answer. For the first time ever, I didn't say, "good!" There was no faking this one. I responded with body language...a shrug/head tilt indicating ,"Meh" Then,
"The Mac and cheese is quite cold, was it sitting out awhile?" Giving him an opportunity to come clean.
"No, and it was under a heat lamp." 
Well, half that statement was true. It was definitely under a heat lamp. No apology. No empathy. No restitution. No likely.
I couldn't wait to get out of there. Never could I foresee a reason to return. Nothing compelling. Plenty to fear. Enter at your own risk, and go for the tacos, NOT the mussels.Adding another star because it's a really friendly and nice establishment and has now become my neighborhood go-to spot.Got there early so I can't really comment on the vibe. The chicken tenders and tots were amazing, would love to come back during peek hours...this place was just getting busy when I left at about 9:45pm on a Friday night.Nachos and Tuscan fries were amazing!! Highly recommend. The burgers are great as well. Was disappointed with the Italian pulled pork sandwich. There was hardly anyone in the dining part and we got our food quick. The place seems a little run down but was a great dive!quiet at lunch, oldies on the jukebox (build me up buttercup currently on.) i see many regulars here that are mostly blue collar, but very diverse when it fills up. very philly, long bar. feels like sly stallone would chill here.
excellent vegan options!! love the bbq seitan sandwich which comes with fries, salad or my fav, tots.
friendly bartenders/servers. lots of seating. look for the red door at 21st and randstead and two red lights.
free wifi. possibly my favorite spot in town.Went here with some friends on a Friday evening for dinner and drinks, and we may have gone at the wrong time, but we thought Rogue's Gallery was very hit or miss. We arrived around 6:30 on a Friday and the bar was crowded, as it was prime happy hour time for Center City professionals. I know the place was crowded, but 15 minutes to flag down a waitress for menus and food -- after staking a claim at a table in a visible and uncrowded corner -- is pretty inexcusable, and I'm not too picky when it comes to service. However, once we finally acquired service (after apologies from who I assume was the manager), the service was pretty solid for a crowded bar. My boyfriend and I ordered bison burgers, and they were both good, very tender and flavorful. The fries were seasoned nicely too. I would probably go back if I was meeting people in the area, but I wouldn't go to Center City West just to go here.The atmosphere was great and There was an interesting array of people. However, although the bartender was nice, the service sucked. We waited forever for drinks asking multiple times for water, and then it took forever for her to take our money. 
I think this was due to a case of what I like to call "regulitis" . Where there staff would rather chit chat with the regulars and by doing so they totally ignore the other "random" patrons. I noticed the people next to us also receiving less than stellar service as well. 
They do have happy hour on a Saturday, which I like, but I'd prefer a less watered down beverage . 
I'd like to give them another try , but I'm not entirely sure.Love this place. Just what the neighborhood needs. "Gastro-pub" without the pretentiousness. Great, simple food with exceptional ingredients. Small, but substantial drink list. Great atmosphere. So glad this place is within walking distance, new favorite place. Tip: order whatever is on special. Chances are the chef caught it the day before. Had the tuna Caesar and sliders....O.MG.Since my initial review, this place has improved dramatically. They serve great burgers, great sandwiches, nice sides, and great beers. I'm so happy that they were able to step things up, and it is now one of my favourite burger and beer spots in that area. Give them a try and order one of the game burgers.Rogues is now my new go-to spot. After going here the last two Friday nights in a row, I must say I was thoroughly impressed. Fresh homemade food and cheap drinks was just one of cool things about this place. 
Not only do they have awesome DJ's on friday nights, we actually were lucky enough to meet both owners!!! (Lauren and Joseph). Lauren was our server both times, and she was truly amazing! And Joseph sat down with us and talked for a while, very good guy.
This is the first time I have wrote a yelp review and after having two great experiences here led me to pony up and write one. Seriously go here for dinner enjoy some drinks and relax, you really cant go wrong here.
Read a much better more detailed review by my GF (Lexi).
Outstanding!It's a pity I didn't bother reviewing this place back when the food was good, bartenders were available, and the music was easy on the ears..
Something's changed in the last few times we've been there. Most nights it seems like there's just one bartender managing the front, back as well as the outdoor seating section. The menu has also been downgraded severely and food seems sub par. We'll probably find a much better bar at the same prices around center city for our next happy hourThe bartender today was awesome, so many beers. Good food. GIN BLOSSOMS SUCK.It's dinnertime on a Saturday at the beginning of March. It's cold. It's windy. You wander around the Art Museum and into University City, jarred into flight or flight mode upon meeting a stampede of green: it's the Erin Express! Every where you turn, there's green, green, and more green - you lose track of yourself, what day is it? It isn't Saint Patty's already is it? It's only March 7th! - until you just can't take it any more.
All you want is a safehaven from the Erin Express, and maybe some beer and grub. 
Then go to Rogue's Gallery. They'll take care of you.
Admittedly, like everyone else before me has said, this place is incredibly unassuming. The outside will make you think 'smoky hole in the wall filled with lecherous old dudes,' but the inside is anything but: it's warm, it's cozy, it's welcoming. And since it's off the beaten track, you probably won't encounter those rowdy rogues (ha, ha) you might see at the "authentic" Irish pubs.
This tiny place had an A+ beer list and some interesting menu offerings, which had me hooked from the get-go. My boyfriend and I ordered the fried pickles and the frog legs... and unfortunately, the kitchen is the only downside I see to this place. They just couldn't get it together that night. The pickles took about half an hour to come out (but they were delicious), and the frog legs never made an appearance: after about 45 minutes, we were told they'd be another 20. The bartender gave us apology beers (thank you!) and we ordered something else. No biggie, but I noticed other reviewers saying they also had issues with timing from the kitchen, so I'm knocking one star off for that.
The staff here is fan-freakin'-tastic. They were so friendly and attentive, and watched out for their patrons when some started to get too rowdy. At one point, a few premature Saint Pattiers ambled in - one guy got pretty hammered and started creepin' on girls at the bar, going so far as to take someone's drink and walk off with it. The bartenders shut it down quickly and gently, but firmly, and there were no more issues. They're a really great group of people to chill out with.
Dan was the best - thanks for keeping me company! I definitely plan on going back when I trek back into the city again.I love this neighborhood bar! They have a brand new menu and chef, and the food has improved greatly! Delicious! The staff is always super friendly and helpful and it is a very nice, relaxed place to go. I would definitely recommend it!Awesome chill environment ,  great food. The tacos and tots are the way to go. If your from Ohio this is the place to be !!If you're looking for amazing bar food, awesome service, a great atmosphere and kickin' tunes... rogues gallery is definitely for you.  After my boyfriend has been living a stones throw away for four months, we decided to venture in here last Friday night. Rogues is a hidden gem- a corner bar that is perfect to meet a group of friends for happy hour, dance late into the night, or have a 5 star dining experience. 
When we were first seated at 8:30 pm, the owner Lauren was our server and you could tell she was extremely passionate about her new venture and what rogues had to offer.  She was ecstatic that we gave her bar a shot for dinner and explained that ALL of their food is fresh, homemade, and absolutely tasty (and affordable!) And when I say homemade I mean down to their dips and dressings, most notably the siracha ketchup that pairs perfectly with their burgers, veggies burgers (also homemade) and fries.  
Lauren explained she supports local breweries and we couldn't go wrong with any victory or neshaminy (I am not as educated on beers as I should be) and she didn't steer us wrong.  For apps we started with the pork belly tacos (a must) so simple yet so flavorful that my boyfriend insisted on another order,  the cheesesteak wantons- why didn't anyone come up with these before... crispy and fried to perfection!  For dinner I had the short rib sandwich with fries.... Woah. The softest roll with the most tender, flavorful short rib ever brought together with arugula and a homemade ricotta spread that made it the most scrumptious Sammy... You cannot go wrong with this sandwich, or anything short rib they offer for that matter!
On another note about this particular Friday night- the DJ was banging. A local med student from Drexel who was spinning the best beats... Watch out for DJ Naj.
So after our memorable first outing to rogues, my boyfriend and I read each others mind when we were thinking of where to go last night.  The snow and cold weather was horrendous, so we took 20 steps outside his door and boom, we were back at our favorite Friday night hot spot.  
Lauren was so excited to see us again, and we ranted on about how much we love her food, friendly atmosphere and awesome service. Last night we ordered the chicken wings (could be the best we've have ever had), baja fish tacos (fresh, just right portion size and simple) the veggie burger (perfect for the vegetarian) and a custom order.... Short rib grilled cheese.  I knew it might be a long shot to have the cook make it, but Lauren reassured me that since the kitchen wasn't slammed, my unique invention could be done! WOAH. Talk about divine.  When I say you can't go wrong with anything on this menu (especially short rib) take my word.  Now, if only they had brunch... But hopefully they will soon!
I have to say the best part about rogues gallery is the couple that runs it. Lauren and her hubby, Joe are the most darling couple who are young, fun, and make this place so enjoyable to come to night after night.  They want to ensure a great dining and bar experience every time, and they haven't disappointed us!
The crowd is eclectic, and anyone from hipsters, business men, young professionals, and girly girls can be found at rogues.  The DJ was different last night, but nonetheless spinning great tunes. we can't wait to come back for the live music on Tuesday nights!
So all in all, if you're looking for a friendly local bar with an extensive menu of amazing food, do yourself a favor and head over to rogues tonight (or ASAP) and thank me later! You won't be disappointed!Great place, food is good, service is great, and the beer selection has something for everyone.  Also the pricing is right on the mark for what you get, I would recomend this place to anyone that asks, and will return.  Plus there is a pay lot right across the street, so unlike most bars in the city you actually can find a place to park, and don't have to walk a mile to get to the bar.Quick and easy bar food and drinks. The service was great and the food was yummy too! It is a solid bar with great food and vibes for relaxing. Do not get turned away because it's randomly located next to a parking lot and may look like a little divvy hole in the wall. It's cool inside and the experience can be fun with the right people!