I guess it would be necessary to state that I am of Jamaican descent, and as many of us know it is very hard to find food comparable to back home or equivalent to mom's cooking. Its been some time since I have frequented this restaurant, I stopped going for sometime because the food became very inconsistent.
Fast forward to today, i decided to stop by since some years had passed.  I ordered the ox tail and jerk chicken wings...  I just have to say that i was VERY disappointed. The oxtail though tender was very small and full of fat... more fat than meat and small portions at that...the rice was stale.  But what was really disappointing was the jerk wings.. I took one bite and ended up spitting out the chicken..  I just couldn't believe that an establishment would serve this....i assume no one in the kitchen samples the food before it comes out... they just cant... there is no way someone could think its okay to serve such dry tasteless food.  I was right to stay away for years, and i will be doing so again...I try to eat here every time I'm in Philly because it is some of the best Caribbean food I've ever had.
I pretty much get the same thing every time (jerk chicken with cabbage, peas and rice and plantains), but EVERYTHING they serve is good, from the basa fish to the brown stew chicken to the oxtails to the... well, you get the picture. 
And the price-to-portion-size ratio is awesome.
For eight bucks I get a Styrofoam container with the meal I mentioned earlier that is so full it will barely close.  
The young lady who prepared our order on my most recent visit had to force the boxes closed and double bag them just so we could get them home without them bursting open.  And we ordered the SMALL portions.
Now, as with any restaurant with good food it goes without saying that word travels.  As a result this place is always packed. ALWAYS. 
The line remains at two lengths: at the door or out the door.  So if you're impatient or adhering to the "fast food" mentality when it comes to restaurants, you may want to go elsewhere. 
But if you are willing to wait, it's oh so worth it.You can smell the deliciousness in the air as you approach Ron's Caribbean cuisine.Their platters are huge! I felt like I was in an episode of Man vs food.The chicken curry is slammin!Was in Philly and saw this small spot, and decided to try it. Jerk chicken was great, but expect atleast a 15 minute waitRon's is the truth. You've got to get their basa. Omg, to die for.
They've got different types of gravies. I was impressed with that. 
I usually get beef patties when I go to Caribbean spots. Once they were out so I decided to get a chicken patty and it was off da chain.
I will go here anytime and I recommend everyone check them out!I dnt knw if there's a new cook but the ox tails had no flavor at all nothing like it use to b very upset the whole thing went in the trashGood damn food the best in Philadelphia and I've tried them all west south west north Mt Airy, G-town, west oak lane and Ron's top them all that cabbage is the best it's worth the traveling let's not forget norristown come down Olney you'll get what you paid for and the extra $ you spent other places use for gas to come to Ron'sChicken feet soup on Monday is amazing - always with a rich layer of yellow chicken fat on top, just the right amount of spiciness.  Love it.  Friday's fish soup is also wonderful.I have been to mostly all of the Caribbean restaurants in Philly and I have to say that Ron's is the best! Yesterday I visited for the first time and fell in love. There were about 5 people in line when I arrived and my order was taken within minutes. There were 3 people taking orders and the line moved very quickly. I loved the fact that they kept the food coming out. As I stood there, a new pan of mac and cheese and yams came out fresh and hot, not like some restaurants where they run out of food or make you wait forever for food to be made. The jerk chicken was well seasoned and moist, the oxtail was good, the mac and cheese was REAL mac and cheese and was delicious. The plantain was sweet, moist, perfectly ripe and the best I've had in the city so far. Candied yams are my favorite food so I am very picky and I must say that I was pleasantly surprised with the yams as well....fresh, sweet, real yams (not the canned stuff some restaurants give you). Ron's I will definitely be back even though I have to travel about 40 minutes to get there. Worth the trip! 5 stars!I was visiting Philly from NYC and went to Ron's for the first time this Saturday around 3pm. The line was long but it was well worth the wait. Portion sizes are HUGE so if you order a large, know that it will fill two people, or last you for two meals  (I ate it for lunch and dinner). I ordered the ox tails with rice, Mac n cheese, yams, and a piece of cornbread all for JUST $16.50! It was the BEST I've had in a long time and this includes the Caribbean food I get in NYC. I highly recommend this place as the curry shrimp, jerk chicken, and all of their dishes look amazingly delicious! It is more of a takeout spot, though we did sit inside and eat. The tables just aren't kept very clean so you'd be better off to pick it up and eat at home.Very good Jamaican joint. Reasonably priced and definitely well portioned meals.i always enjoy the curry goatLove love LOVE Ron's. Everything on the menu is delicious and authentic, and the platters are sized for multiple meals and perfect for sharing. My all-time favorite entrée is the curry shrimp, and my only complaint is that I can only get it on Friday and Saturday (it's a weekend only special)
They recently did some renovating so they've got more space for seating and eating. It is a must visit if you love Jamaican food!!I always buy food here. The food is good the service could be better they always seem to be rude or have attitudes. Other than that it a good place to good Jamaican food.One of my favorite Jamaican spots here in Philly. Their Pepper steak is to DIE for! I love coming here because it's not only affordable but they bless your platter with plenty of food. I can say at time the steak can be though but usually it's perfect. Their cabbage is very flavorful and fresh. I love their Mac and cheese and their rice and beans are amazing. They add to your experience with amazing customer service as well. It's definitely worth it ! 
Now since it's a hot spot there can be a wait but it's WORTH IT! So don't let that stop you.I am a person of Jamaican descent and sometimes you can get good Jamaican food OUTSIDE of your own home. Not in this review. Ron's is cafeteria Jamaican food at best. Everything was super SALTY! I per chased ox tails, curried goat, and jerk chicken. PROS-OX TAILS were tender. CONS-they were very small. The very end of the tail. salty and the gravy tasted like a doctored version of the real thing. The best gravy however of the three. PROS- GOAT was tender. CONS- goat was SALTY. No other veggies in the pot. If they added a carrot or some potatoes it would have helped with the saltiness. Would have been the best gravy if it was not so salty and inedible. I threw it away. PROS- JERK CHICKEN was a good serving size. CONS-Not enough jerk flavor. They need to marinate the chicken in the jerk sauce. It was just plain bland. The worse part is they added some cheap barbeque sauce on the chicken and called it jerk sauce. HORRIBLE! Ruined the entire meal! If you get the jerk chicken DO NOT get the sauce! Cabbage was BLAND! Beans and rice a big disappointment. A poorly made version with poor ingredients. Tasted like minute rice. The give you a lot of rice and beans especially in the extra large serving of ox tails. The meat to rice ratio was just unfair. I felt cheated. I will not recommend!
 There was a short wait considering the place was crowded. It looked like organized chaos. The servers were clean, in uniform and their heads were netted. GOOD. They were pleasant also because the masses were kind of difficult. The cooks were dressed in chef whites. Nice touch. Well stocked variety of drinks and desserts. Very clean.  I left thinking I have found my new Jamaican cuisine home. NOT!  THE FOOD WAS JUST BAD. REALLY BAD! BAD!Ron's is my family staple restaurant for Caribbean food. We absolutely love the place. The food is phenominal, the portions are HUGE and no matter how long the line, this is our place for the best Caribbean food. We have friends that are Ron's enthusiast and have made it their number one spot. I'm about to order some catering for an aunt in New Jersey cuz she can't stop thinking about the food she had months ago from Ron's.Found out about this place from a good friend. It's a very small place, there is ALWAYS a line but when I get my OXTAIL!!!!! All that fades away  
The best Caribbean food I've had so far. I order the same thing ALLLL the time. Oxtail with cabbage/corn and white with the sauce alllllll over my rice.. And my husband loves their Jerk Chicken... Portions served is worth every buck.DEFINITELY OVER RATED!!! Never really cared for their food. Definitely far from authentic Jamaican food. Ordered oxtails extremely tough needed a knife to get meet off of the bones. The meat is supposed to come off  the bone with ease by merely lightly sucking on it. Won't be going back there for a meal. Maybe a patty or quick wings. 
Service was cool. They were moving rapidly!!
PEACEFriendly attentive staff and very patient with the crowd of people in line. I got the salmon with corn and rice n peas. Also roti skins were delicious and freshly made. Huge aloof food for a low price. I will be backThe food is really good but giving it 3stars because of the line average wait is about 30mins and when you call ahead of time they either do not pick up the phone or you still have to wait when you get in the restaurant. For a pretty busy place like this would think they can hire more people.This place is amazing! Such a hidden gem. My fave is the curry shrimp platter; it's huge and you get two sides included for $12, which to me is an excellent price. The fish platter and salmon platter are also great; ask for the fish gravy, yum! 
One tip: there is ALWAYS a line practically to the door so expect to be waiting in line for at least 15 minutes; plan accordingly because it is SO worth the wait!I usually get food from them atleast 3x's month so I was extremely disappointed when they gave me burnt salmon and the girl that served me put gravy on top so I wouldn't see that it was burnt. I don't even know if I would go back there now.I really like this place. As a first time visitor this past Sunday I can say I enjoyed my meal. The food was very fresh and the atmosphere is clean. I bought a large meal with Jerk Chicken, beans/rice and string beans. They have a variety of sauces you can add to put onto of your rice. I got the ox tail sauce. I also added some fried fish on the side for only $2.00. The meat was tender and fresh just like I expected. The only downside is that the meat is missing that special spice I was expecting to taste with Jamaican food. It taste great but not very Jamaican flavored. The fish was sooooooo good and crunchy. I could probably eat all day. It could of used a bit more spice but I'm not complaining for the price and quality.  I split my meal and side fish with a friend and we were both full. Next time I will probably get a small meal or large (if I'm greedy) for myself. I will visit this place often because food is great and the prices are amazing. I went on a Sunday at about 4:00 and they were really busy. I waited for maybe 15 - 20 or so min. in a line. The staff was nice from what I encountered as well.This is my favorite carribean spot!  All of their food is delicious. The only reason they don't get a 5 star review from me is because they run out of beef patties way too fast and the wait time is ungodly sometimes. But other than that the food is sooo delicious that I will wait for it. And the prices are great for the amount of food you get a small platter can easily feed 2 people or be used as two meals!I was visiting Philadelphia for a week long training in King of Prussia. I visited Ron's last June and I have dreamt about it ever since! One knows that whenever the lines are long you k ow the food is worth it!  I'm a foodie and this place did not disappoint.  Freshness, good seasoning, and delicious. The worst thing is I live in Maryland.Very clean and professional place. I would recommend the oxtails they're the best. This has to be the best Caribbean restaurant in philly!This was the worst !!!!! There was a long line don't know why!!!!!....sorry guys Ron is not even close to the real thing....u better off going to Golden Crust....its good food, not authentic jamaican food-- (= big portionsTry the fish with the rice & beans with fish gravy...YUM!!! Everything that I tasted from here was very goodThe salmon and cabbage was excellent the first time I went but the the second time, the salmon taste more burnt than of a grilled taste and the cabbage was hard and not as seasoned as the first time...I will return and if it's not to my liking 9/10 I won't return. The customer service is outstanding might I add and the establishment has a friendly atmosphere. I hope they don't disappoint me because I really like the placeEwww!!!  I got attitude as soon as i placed my order.  Let's see if the food was worth the grief.I love Ron's..
Their food is delicious... 
I advise please dont come here on a short temper because the staff can be very rude...
My favorites are the stew chicken, curry shrimp, and jerk wings....They have the best red velvet cake in town abd there beef party's are amazing there always nice hot Nd I like them spicy there always busy long lines but that's good because that means it's great foodI didn't eat Oxtails until I found Ron's. They're food is consistent ( I get this food often) and they give you more than enough. Sometimes the line comes out of the door, but it's worth the wait. They have seating but there's something that says "to go" about the place. I recommend.They have some of the best food I ever tasted !! And that's saying a lot coming from a foodie! YOU HAVE to try the fried fish Mac n cheese with yams or oxtails rice n peas with cabbage !!  only downside is it STAYS PACKED, long lines ALLL the timeI just went here an hour ago after many years. OMG things haven't changed expect for the renovations. Everything was top notch. Jerk Chicken, Rice and Peas, Cabbage, Oxtails, Beef Patties & Ginger Beer to wash it down. Only thing missing was the Coco Bread :-) Friendly Staff and well worth the wait.LOVE this spot. Everything on their menu is amazing. Love their Mac and cheese, jerk chicken wings, rice and peas, oxtail and curried goat. Be sure to ask for some oxtail gravy on your rice and peas mmmmmBest Carribean food I've had. It gets extremely packed, so I'd strongly advise calling in your order. Then you can walk to the front of the long lines.
I've had the curry chicken, and their ox tails, both are great. Beef patties are really good too, and so is the fried fish.
It isnt too expensive. I'd highly recommend this place. Dont let the area scare u away!Ron's is a great place for Caribbean style cuisine! Their food is to die for! I normally get the ox tails with mac & cheese and their sweet potatoes (yams) are wonderful!
i.e: you now have to pay $1.00 extra for the yams but they are worth the price believe me! They are yum & melt in your mouth.
I would recommend this place to anyone. Ron's is located right on Broad Street so it is easy to find and get to from anywhere in the city. The trip to this place is worth the commute.
Pros: Wonderful food!
Cons: Be wary of the staff, most just take your order & they lack friendly customer service. Don't worry though, you won't have to put up with their behavior for long, it is a take-out place so it won't take more than 5-10min to receive your food & you are good to go!Food is always delicious each and everytime. The oxtail, and jerk are amazing. Still havent tried the curry goat or chicken but will do soon. Thurs - Sat the lines are long and sometimes out the door/corner after 6pm but worth the wait. They also have all kinds of sodas that are hard to find. Will be back.I ordered salmon, peas and rice and cabbage today. I've always been a fan of Ron's but haven't been there in years since I've moved.  I was very disappointed in the seasonings and flavors of the food.  I was used to the food at Ron's being seasoned well with all of the authentic Jamaican spices and flavors.  What I received today was a watered down version of Jamaican cuisine.  The salmon portion was huge but lacked flavor.  The rice was bland and the cabbage tasted waterlogged.  I was beyond disappointed.  The best thing about my meal was the prepackaged cornbread.  I don't know if they reduced their seasonings to appeal to a broader base or if the cook was inexperienced but when people order Jamaican food they want all the flavors and spices that come along with it.#1 in Philadelphia the food is a mixed between Jamaican and soul food I go out of my way just to go thereIf I can give zero stars I will. I'm from NYC so I was looking for a Jamaican restaurant to go to here in Philadelphia. Someone recommended here and after I read the reviews on yelp I decided to try it. BIG MISTAKE! The oxtails were beyond disgusting and the rice and peas did not taste good at all. If you're from NYC and you know how quality Caribbean food taste please do not go here.The line says it all. I've never been here at any point of the day and they don't have a line. And quite frankly, I will wait. The food is always good. Full of flavor. I have tried a couple of different food items from this eatery and have never had a bad experience. Today is no exception.  Went with the fried fish, mac n cheese and cabbage. And I'm going to tear this food up. So if your in the area stop by  and patronize.The absolute best hands down! I never knew about this spot until friends were on Facebook comparing Caribbean spots in Philadelphia. So I had to try Ron's! I was NOT disappointed at all. The fish is everything! Seasoned and tastes great! The cabbage and rice/peas were yummy as well. The ox-tail gravy was yummy!! I loved everything down to my ginger and pineapple Tropical Rhythm.Im from new york , i drive in philly for work nd this place is worth every mile it surpassed my favorite spot in new york. customer service is great can't really find anything bad to say about this place other then i have to drive an 1 and a half away to get there. There portion of food is like no other spot you would defiantly not be disappointed (oxtails rice and peas mac n cheese with candy yams extra gravy)jerk chicken platter is huge! the prices may seem a bit more than you would want for the neighborhood, however you're guaranteed to get 2 meals out of the deal (big serving of chicken and 2 choice sides). the mac n cheese was pretty good, cant complain about the rice and beans either. give it a try if you're in the area.Best Caribbean food in Philly hand down and I've tried them all, jerk chicken is hands down the thing to get.  The fried fish (basa) is a must try (it goes quick).  Mac and cheese rice and beans and cabbage are all on point.I've visited Ron's over the years and one thing has remained consistent: the food is great. No matter what you get you'll be happy.
Same can't be said about the time it takes to get your food. At first glance you might think the long lines you'll most likely encounter are due to the volume of business, owing to lots of people coming to get the great food. While standing in line you'll come to realize the lines are because the design of the traffic flow is horrific and waiting on each customer is a painfully slow process.  The redesign of the restaurant has made it worse which is the main reason there's always a line of faithful, patient customers.  
The new monitors that display the menu are pretty, but kind of far away from where you're standing in line so if you need glasses for distance don't forget to bring them. And frustratingly, once you've squinted enough to get a read on something, the screen "refreshes"; starts spinning around and a new image appears.  Because they don't have any written menus available to read while waiting in line, when you finally are served, you're faced with a lot of good food but uncertain of what goes together in the small or large dinner dishes, or the platter.  There's so many offerings you feel a bit silly asking the clerk to run down all that there is and end up just ordering anything so as not to aggravate the people waiting behind you.  The stations where you go for service don't make any sense and don't appear to have resulted from any meaningful planning; you can't see the full selection of offerings from most of them, so again, ordering is  guessing game.  My guess is most of the customers are regulars who end up ordering the same thing over and over without needing to see a menu.  The occasional or new customer will most likely be aggravated by the wait and the inability to figure out what's included with the combinations of offerings, or even what the sides are.  But the food is delicious!So decided to try this place out bec a fellow classmate who lives in Philly said I had to try it....I was not disappointed at all.  Everything was authentic. The ox tails soooo good.  Jerk on point. And the 1st time I've had pepper steak yeah it was amazing.  Yes the long is line but it goes fast and the food is worth it. We just talked to the folks in line!Food is very good but as usual in an African American establishment the lines are extremely long and they do not have enough workers to fulfill the demand especially on the weekend .  If Rom carted about the amount of business he receives the staffing will be increased to serve its customer in a timely manner .This is a real comfort meal kind of place. We were on a Caribbean/Jamaican cuisine crave so this was truly a happy find. The interior was just remodeled so it's a lot newer than most take out spots. You immediately see those beautiful fried fish and jerk wings on display as you approach the counter. The other side of the counter is where all the sides are. 
The ordering system is set up much like Boston market. You pick your protein and your sides. We got oxtails and stewed chicken, both with rice and beans and the sides were cabbage, okra and fried plantain.  The oxtails were good and clean in flavors, it wasn't oily, which is rare for this dish. It didn't exactly pop however, it was mild. The oxtails themselves were very tender. The chicken fell into the same category, food but missing something. The plantain were good, again, not oily. The okra is probably the only thing that was pretty generic, it was simply boiled.
We also ordered a side of fried fish. It was only $2 extra and it ate like a meal. The dish was very large and fried to a perfect crisp. The flavor was kind of flat however, I don't think they seasoned the flour enough. Over all though, it was a solid experience. Huge portions, friendly service, simple and easy to order menu. I wouldn't go here for special occasions but I would definitely stop by for casual lunches with friends, the place makes you feel really good!Update:  I have been to Ron's several times since my initial post.  As stated before, the chicken is good, although it is more grilled chicken rather than jerk.  Jerk chicken has a little spicy flavor that is marinaded over some time, which Ron's does not.  It is simply tasty grilled chicken.  I always order my chicken with no sauce and I have noticed that most people order with no sauce as well.  The sauce is BBQ sauce! Still, their veggies are good and hubby likes the ox tails a lot.  I would love to see Ron implement a real jerk sauce.
I have patronized this establishment four or five times over the past couple of months.  My first visit I enjoyed the jerk chicken, but HATED their so called jerk sauce.  Not a problem, I just ask for no sauce.  The sauce is more like a bland, tasteless BBQ sauce, not at all like the consistency of true jerk sauce.  However the chicken was good as was the vegetable medley - that was when I got my food early in the evening.  The cabbage was also very tasteless, not at all like true Caribbean food.  However, it was not so bad that I could not work with the product until today!  
I typically pick up my food by 6pm after getting off work and have never had a complaint that encouraged me to post a review on Yelp.   Tonight I  worked late and did not have time to cook and did not want a fast food dinner, so Ron's came to mind.  Bad mistake!!!!  The platter was comprised of bits and pieces of what should have been a breast, wing, etc.  What really got my blood boiling was the so called vegetable medley.  It was obvious that the medley got low by the time I ordered so they dumped a bag of carrots in the pot.  Not at all what I got the last time because I can not eat carrots.  Secondly, the fragments of chicken was overlooked / dried out.  And what made the bird twice as bad was the fact that they nilly willy slathered that so called jerk sauce over the chicken AND the veggies.  Hubby wanted to take it back, but I convinced him that it was not worth going back out at that time of the evening.  I know.... That is what a lot of businesses count on.  
In summary, I have enjoyed a few platters from Ron's.  However, if you like the true Jerk sauce, a) order early and b) request no sauce and put your own sauce on at home.I ordered the ox tails too.
It was really tasty and salty and really great for young man as me.
ox tailという牛の尻尾？？を煮込んだようなものをいただきました。
味付けが濃いのですが、若い私にとってはかなり美味しかったです。肉厚な牛の尻尾はとろけるくらいプルンプルンでまた来たいと思いました。Very clean inside unlike other places in the area. The restaurant needs full menus because what is listed is incomplete and then when you get in line to order you have ask questions, this is one reason why it takes a long time to order. 
The proportions were huge! The string beans were not seasoned which is odd because everything else was. Love the jerk wings!Best Jamaican food in Philly.The jerk chicken is so moist and delicious it also has a great smokey flavor. The curry shrimp is a treat, not only are the shrimp big they are beautiful. The golden color of the curry sauce is mouthwatering.
The fried fish is perfectly cookef and flaky no hot sauce needed. The sides are all good. I just love this place.
It gets packed quickly so don't be surprised if the lines at the door.When I got here around lunch time, the line was pretty long but moved fairly quickly. The workers here are really nice, they really tried to explain the dishes to you and how everything works. After dishing your food they make sure to show it to you to make sure it is to your liking. I got ox tail with a side of rice and beans, and mac & cheese. I will say it is a little bit pricey for a Caribbean place, however it is nicer than most that I've been to and they're not stingy with the portions. The ox tail was really well flavored and fell right off the bone. The mac & cheese was just okay. Their beef patty is good too. I would come back though, maybe to try their jerk chicken or some of their other raved about meat dishes.Excellent ox tail and super fresh. The ladies were super nice on pointing out of what we should have. My wife had the fried fish. She said it was the best she has had in a long time.This place is all the way up!!!!  If you are looking for authentic, Caribbean, Island, Jamaican food, look no further, this place is it.Love the food curry shrimp is my absolute favorite the oxtails are so tender never have had a bad experience and the fried fish thank you Jesus hallelujahI've been eating here for close to 20 years and have never reviewed it. However, I recently attended an event that used Ron's as their caterer and OMG! This food is so good, I had forgotten how good but was surely reminded with the first fork full. All this time and they did not disappoint then and definitely not now! The food was great, service was good, and you can't beat how reasonably priced everything was. I would give five stars if the payment process was more convenient. Everything had to be done in person as there were no electronic payment options (e.g. Pay Pal, Google Invoice, etc.) and there's no delivery service. But other than those easy to fix matters, everything was good!Ron's was good. The line leading into the dinning room and ordering counter told me so. They are the hot spot at B&O. The Ox Tails were really good. Serving sizes suggest that you can have leftovers for dinner. If you can stand to not be greedy and eat it all as soon as you get into it. Which is very difficult. They have all the other delicacies of Jamaican food. Jerk this, Ackee Fish that, Curry goat, Plantains, Rice-n-Peas, cabbage, Beef Patties, Carrot Cake. Really you should just go down and get some of their great food for yourself . It's worth it.This place use to be my favorite .... unfortunately I can now do with out it . Went in for curry came out with jerk smh everyone rushingI liked their food back in the day I'm not sure what happened. I came in last week 40 mins before closing. I had a small oxtail platter with rice and peas. The only sides left were string beans, mac and cheese and yams. I chose yams which were an additional $1.50. The oxtails were very fatty and i know it was a small platter but I literally had a large spoonful of oxtail and all rice and gravy. I was so dissatisfied with the taste I threw the entire platter away, waste of $12Ran here for a quick bite &...it did its job. This isn't a place for ambiance & making it special. Ya wan fi eet, ya go n eet. Tiny place that you'd primarily do takeout for, but there are some tables to sit down & enjoy your food. A beef pattie is easier to screw up than it is to master, & they impressed. Not a great looking place or anything, some of the food looked greasy. That said though, it's promising for a good quick meal if you can ask the friendly-enough (not to be confused with friendly) servers to give you the pieces you want. Why not, give it a shot.Good... LOTS of food. And very SPICY. I'm from out out town, but I did enjoy my curry goat and daughter loved her oxtails.The phone service (for advance orders) & overall service has improved drastically based on recent visits, especially in terms of the wait times (no unnecessary long holds on the phone & slow lines). I even had multiple employees along with the owner asking if I received help after I already received assistance & was really impressed. Everytime the owner is there, he is always friendly, helpful & hands-on which is a great approach. The food is always delicious, hot & fresh..definitely worth the money & worth checking out!This place is heaven sent! Their Curry Chicken is absolutely to die for! The size of their platters are so huge they will put you in a coma. Only complaint is how crowded it gets but then again that's how good they are. Broad & Olney ain't a great location but what can you do?The service friendly and decent.  There was a line to get the food but it was moving (paid parking  meters outside..give yourself some time). I had brown stew chicken here and was not impressed at all though. I believe that this is a simple enough dish to get right.  I probably won't return unless it is an emergency. However, based on the line I'm guessing other items possibly taste better there.This food was really really good. I've been twice since I moved to Philly and every time it's delicious. Highly recommend!!!!! The is always a wait but they get you through quickly. They check and triple check your order. They even let you look at it before they charge you for it to make sure it's to your satisfaction. Definitely will be returning over and over again.I heard about this place from a couple of people. Needless to say, I had to try it. We placed 7 meal orders for pick up and it came out to less than $100. On top of that, the portions were large and absolutely delicious. And this is coming from my discerning Jamaican family. We had goat roti, curry shrimp, curry goat, stew chicken, oxtail, jerk chicken, and brown stew red snapper. My mother compared the Red snapper to one she had at the seaside in Jamaica. It was super fresh and tasty! The only thing I found fault with was the jerk sauce on the side. It needs to be tweaked, but that won't stop me. I've been looking forward to the next trip ever since.The food is ALWAYS FRESH! Portions are good. The lines are long, but they move fast. The people are very nice and accommodating. I go there very often. You should tooI was a patron at Ron's Caribbean Cuisine while in Philly with my boyfriend visiting relatives. We had a lackluster philly cheese steak experience so our hosts were determined to give us some good food. Well, they took us to the right place! You could smell the deliciousness as soon as you walked in the door. The line was long but that didn't bother me one bit! When people are willing to stand in line it's for a reason! This was actually my first time having Caribbean food and I was not disappointed. I had jerk chicken, Mac and cheese, and cabbage. The food was hot and flavorful and the customer service was on point. I would definitely recommend this place to anyone I know that is visiting Philly! Keep up the great work, guys!I have been a patron of Ron's since I was a teenager. However, after my last two encounters I am not sure I will be returning. The food is always great, but there seems to be a new manager, Lou, there who has no customer service skills. The first time I realized there was someone new there was when I phoned in an order and the man on the telephone was extremely rude. I brushed it off and figured someone was having a bad day. Yesterday, I called in my order and did not have a problem until I arrived. Lou told me they did not have an order for me. I explained that I called and he should check with the employees. He just gave me a look as if I were not telling the truth. I asked if he wanted to see the call log on my phone. He then accused me of yelling, which was far from the truth. I explained the music is loud in there so I wanted to make sure he could hear me. He eventually found my order. An employee wrote Ce Ce instead of Stacey. She probably could not hear me when I called in because of the loud music. I did not receive so much as an apology or anything. He just went to the
back of the restaurant. 
I understand that mistakes happen but Lou should have investigated a little more before alluding to there not being an order for me. In addition, he does not seem to have the patience necessary to deal with a high paced restaurant such as Ron's. Each time I placed an order and came across Lou, I felt like I was not a respected customer. Unfortunately, I would rather travel a little further to Jamaica D's or Moonlight Cuisine for Caribbean food rather than to deal with rude employees.I had this place bookmarked as a "must try" for Caribbean food in Philly. So, I knew I would give in to my oxtail desires this week and it just so happens I had time to stop by Ron's today. 
I placed an order over the phone for a small oxtail platter with rice, peas, and cabbage. I also ordered a small jerk chicken platter with rice, peas, and string beans. Upon completion of my order, I was given a number and asked for my name. Upon arriving to the restaurant I noticed people standing all over the place. There was a barrier where people were supposed to stand, but no one was behind the barrier. I spoke to a fellow customer and he told me I needed to go up to the window and see if my food was ready. I stood there watching a woman call out random names then people would walk up to the window. Wow, talk about unorganized. Approximately 10 mins later, the woman returned to the window and asked if people wanted to check and see if there orders were ready. I gave my name and number. She closed the window and then I stood there for another 15 mins. Mind you, I drove from Jersey, which took 45 mins. So, between the 45 min drive, standing in the sun to approach the window, and standing around to get my food, I was over the experience. I kept thinking, "if I just get my food and it's good, I'll be ok." My name was finally called. I paid $26 and left. 
Well, I drove back to Jersey to try my food. The platters were heavy, so there was a lot of food. Everything looked good, so that was great. We tried items from both platters. My food review is below.
The good: Platters  were filled with food. There was lots of gravy for the oxtails, rice & peas. 
The not so good: My jerk chicken tasted just like my oxtails. The jerk sauce didn't really taste like jerk sauce and the chicken wasn't spicy. I don't know if someone poured the same gravy over the meat on both platters, but I didn't enjoy the gravy at all. The oxtails were just ok. I have had much better in and out of Philly. The cabbage was ok and the string beans were tasteless. Overall, I would not return to Ron's Caribbean Cuisine bc Kingston Philly is a much better option. Guess, I will drive the extra 4 mins to go there next time.Underwhelmed and Overrated
Decided to stop in here after being stopped by a patron raving about their food. I was originally only going to the Halal meat store next door, but decided to give this place a try.
The lady stated the place was very clean, and she was so surprised at how empty the place was because normally they are packed full.
What did I order....
Grilled salmon with rice and peas, and mac n cheese.
Now I won't lie...the food had the car smelling delicious....but that's as far as delicious went. 
So, you know how markets will sell marinated/pre-seasoned meat to cover up the fact that the meat is starting to go bad? Well the salmon tasted like they kept is a week too long. It had a weird taste to it. And it wasn't like it was a spice I wasn't used to eating...this was a taste of old fish that had been cooked and lightly seasoned. (P.S. I was a pescatarian for 10 yrs...I know what old fish taste like) Between the one bite I ate and the one bite my mother ate, just to make sure it was just me who thought it was bad, 4/5 of the salmon filet was trashed.
The mac and cheese looked so unappealing. It was dry and waaaaaaay overcooked. Same deal...one bite from me and one from my mother....the rest was trashed. 
Now, the rice and peas was better. And this was simply because the oxtail gravy that was put on top was very very good!! Once I ate through the "layer" of rice and peas with the gravy, the rest went back to being unappealing....and in the trash it went!!
So overall, I wouldn't go back...unless it was to buy a bottle of ginger beer. I love Ginger Beer!!Everytime I ever got any food from Ron's it was ALWAYS satisfying. Amazing jerk chicken! I would give it 5 stars if it wasn't located at such a crazy intersection.I heard so much about this place for years. I decided to take the ride from Jersey. Once I got there I tried to use the bathroom and they didn't have one. The line is long but it moves fast. Overall the food was ok. I expected the food to be amazing and I was disappointed.Can I say oxtails! I never had oxtails
before Ron's and I must say I was impressed and they give large portions!I'd heard the food was good Rons and finally ate from here for the first time today. Everything about this place is top notch. I called just to make sure they were opened and found out I had to place my order over the phone which was fine with me. The lady I spoke with was very nice, polite and helpful. I ordered an oxtail platter with rice and peas and cabbage. I also ordered a side of Mac n cheese and plantains. My food was ready when I got there, no waiting at all. Everything was absolutely delicious. They gave me plenty of tender oxtails, plenty of rice n peas but not too too much like some places. The Mac n cheese tasted like good home baked, the cabbage was just right, tender but not soggy, the plantains were soft on the inside and almost a little crunchy on the outside. Everything was seasoned well and the gravy on the oxtails and rice and peas was a little spicy but not too much so. I'm really impressed with this place and hope the food is always this good. I'll definitely be back to try something different next time.