We ordered pizza from here and they said the wait was going to be about 30-40 minutes.  I arrived to pick up my order around 35-40 minutes and it wasn't ready. Their kitchen was backed up and wasn't available until another 15-20 minutes. 
We got their two Mexican pizza deal.  The Rosario special which is basically the equivalent of a supreme pizza and the la Mexicana.  The Mexicana was our favorite amongst the two, if we had to choose.
The crust is so thin that it can support the weight of  the toppings. It just falls off and you have to eat your pizza in pieces.  There isn't enough sauce on either of these pizzas.
To make matters worse, both my wife and I got a stomach virus after eating these days later.  Avoid.Although I've had plenty of reasons to write reviews in the past, both good and bad. This is my first review ever.
I was sooo satisfied with Roario's service that I feel I owe it to them to spread the word. They have the best fried oysters in Philly. I absolutely love fried oysters and have tried several places and Rosario's is the best hands down. Fresh and delicious! 5 Star cuisine meets take out.
Rosario's authentic Mexican food is delicious but don't sleep on their seafood. The calamari is prepared in a special way and I'm pretty sure I know their secret. I ordered from this restaurant via GrubHub and I am unable to give a review via the GrubHub app...A shame because everyone should know that this place has the best fried oysters in Philly! I feel like I found a hidden gem and my nachos were good as well.Delivery came pretty fast, under an hour. The portions were large- orders the chicken nachos and three tacos. Very flavorful and had a home feel to the portions - whole jalapeños, half an onion and decent size tomato pieces. Would definitely order from them again!Wow!!!! I was not expecting such a big portion...sometimes ordering nachos for delivery can be a hit or miss but these were definitely a it and taste as good as they lookListen, the food is great! the place is clean. The pizza crust is not too heavy, and not too thin. I will order from here forever.I've actually only ever had the cheese pizza from here, which is almost embarrassing given how many tasty looking things there are on the menu! That being said, this is my go to cheese pizza in Philly. Nothing fancy but delicious!
Churros are really good too! Crispy outside and creamy inside with nice amount of cinnamon sugar. Even held up well during the 20 min ish take out trek. 
Bit hard to predict how long it'll take for the order to be ready but they'll give you a call which is great!Most likely if you are reading this, Rosario's is down the street from you.  Go get food from here.  They are a real life "pizza hut/taco bell" with significantly better food.  
We ordered a small cheese pizza, some french fries, and chicken tacos.  Simple stuff the first time around, and everything was better than other places within six blocks from us.  They're open until midnight on weekdays and past on weekends.
Added kudos on the free salsa and chips when you dine-in. Now second only to Circle's cheese steak spring rolls, Rosario's is what I want to munch on in our neighborhood.The La Mexicana Pizza was very good ! The shrimp quesadilla was just OK to me . 
The front counter girl was kinda rude and annoyed but I blame the Covid . This thing got everyone stressed out . Will be back.My girlfriend and I ordered from here last night and were blown away. We got a chicken bacon ranch pizza and a margarita pizza. Both pizzas were amazing and the delivery came with an extra bag with a note on it. The note read: "Thanks for ordering online! Here's free guac and chips!"
We will definitely be ordering from Rosario's again. The food was amazing and the free extras were just icing on the cake.Got take out here last Friday. I called ahead and my order took about 30 minutes. I am giving a 4 starts for the al pastor pizza. Never thought al pastor and pineapple would taste good on pizza, but it was delicious. I do not like pineapple on my pizzas ever, but it was good on this Mexican pizza.  I did not like the chicken mole pizza, the chicken was extremely dry and mole sauce was not my favorite.  Next time I think I want to try their cheesesteak with guac.We came here upon the recommendation of JL Jupiter. We got the mole chicken and taco pizzas. They were both delicious, especially the thin crust! If I had to pick only one, I preferred the taco pizza. I was impressed by the flavor and quality of the ground beef and the freshness of the vegetables. There's over 10 Mexican style pies, so I'll be back to try them all!Their herb roasted wings (well done) w/ the chipotle ranch dip are the best wings ever.I don't usually write reviews based on a single item I've ordered on seamless. But the Al Pastor pizza is amazing! 
This just happened to be close to our Airbnb and we're so glad we ordered from here. Get the al pastor pizza. It was a steep $22 for a large (18 inch) pie. But it was fully loaded and delicious. Make sure you pour some of that green sauce on it! 
The taco salads were also big and was pretty good ($12).
Although we ordered pretty late they came on time and even called to let us know they were around the corner. 
Hoping I can find this pizza in NYC!Wow.  The La Mexicana pizza was the best Mexican-themed pizza I've had short of my own creations.  :)  Poblano chili peppers, chorizo, roasted corn, avocado and cheese made this spicy and flavorful.  Crust was medium-thin, though could have been a bit crisper... The regular cheese pizza we had was also good but I have a feeling the specialty lies in the Mexican variations they offer.  I would love to try the Chicken Mole one next, and some of their tacos/burritos.I don't think there's anything here that's bad!! We ordered a variety of things and everything was amazing! The staff was really friendly and I would definitely come back here! We had the veggie empanadas, el pastor nachos, Mexican cheesesteak, southwest chicken cheesesteak,  and the el pastor pizza!I ordered here for  the first time last night. I called ahead to order my food for pick up. The lady on the phone was very rude and not very inviting. Almost made me want to cancel my order. It took about 45 minutes which is ok I guess since it was a Friday evening. The pizza was awesome and so was the quesadilla except it was slightly soggy. I would order from here again on a weekday maybe they will be a little nicer.Obviously mixing mexican food and pizza is a great idea, so let it be known that their food is delicious! The guacamole is one of the best I've had too. More seating would be better, but in the city everything is smaller so that's nothing to hold against them. Burritos are consistently great, if you're looking for a plain pie go somewhere else though, just pay the few dollars extra and get the Mexican pizza here - it's worth it.Best buffalo chicken pizza I've found thus far in the city very very tasty toppings and light and crispy crust. The tacos and burritos here are also very good will definitely keep ordering from here even though they dont deliver to north Philadelphia we gladly drive to get itTheir menu is amazing, food always delicious. On top of that delivery is ALWAYS early. The new Short rib pizza might be my new go-to pizza, tried it last night and it was so good. Love the traditional taco pizza, also the al pastor is sooo great taste-wise but too greasy IMO.DO NOT EAT HERE.
The pizza arrived lopsided, with the entire top of pizza: sauce, cheese, chicken and all drooping to one side of the box leaving only dough (presumably because the delivery guy held it sideways). The restaurant refused to refund us. Terrible business practices. 
Since then, another friend reported the food made her and her husband very ill, leaving them with a nasty stomach virus.
Avoid at all costs.Food is decent enough to satisfy a hungry tummy, but you will have to wait. In suspense sometimes, too. Unfortunately this business suffers from either popularity or poor time management. My order took 2x as long as advertised - furthermore when I called to confirm they inaccurately told me "it will be another 5 minutes". 30 minutes later and after another phone call I'm still waiting for 'another 5 minutes'. God Bless America. 
Edit: they overcharged my order. Receipt charges do not match menu pricesWelp. It did not take me long to get back over here. I demanded this after running the Broad St. race earlier. Delivery was quite easy and straight forward. This time we had to get the mega fries and the al pastor pizza. This was just, yes. Guajillo pepper sauce and mozzarella cheese topped with marinated pork in a mild chili sauce, chunks of pineapple, chopped fresh onions and cilantro? Umm, yeah I'll do mexican style pizza. The side red and green (tomatillo) sauce paired well with the pizza as well. As for the mega fries? Mozza, whiz and bacon made this side, a full on meal. All I have to say is my stomach was more sore the next morning than my legs.i got chicken fingers and cheese fries and it was rlly good. super crunchy and delicious. will be back for sureI wish there was a 3 and a half. 
Awesome food when it's right. 
Inconsistent food quality and service. 
Easily accessible.
They are popular and chaotic. But I will be going back. 
Recommend some of their Mexican pizzas or the taco salad!Infinity stars. Prompt delivery and friendly staff. Pastor pizza is the stuff dreams are made of. Whatever that orange sauce that comes with it is the stuff wet dreams are made of. Kinda wish they had legit seating?!Pizza was terrible- gummy and flavorless. The burrito was ok but then caused GI distress later. Service was atrocious- we ordered from their app and they said they didn't get it and suggested we use grubhub so we did. And then got charged twice and had the delivery guy yelling. No thank you.I love all of their food. Can't go wrong with any of it. Some of the best pizza I've had in my life. I wish there was one in Fishtown.Food was decent but they came thru like a Champ.  We had a day trip to Philly for a concert and had to rush back to catch our train at the end of the night.   Thats when i realized i forgot to get a cheesesteak!! So we ordered from them for delivery and let them know our boarding time. They made it early with tasty cheesesteaks for us to enjoy our ride back.  Now ive had actual Philly Cheesesteaks in Philly!!Last night, I had a casual dinner party for 50, catered by Rosario's. We got trays of their chicken and primavera quesadillas and their chicken, vegetarian, and vegan burritos. The food arrived nicely displayed and abundant. In order to ensure it would be piping hot, they sent it in two separate deliveries. They also supplied large containers of hot and mild salsa (red and verde), sour cream, and queso fresca. For good measure, they also threw in a complimentary tray of chips and guacamole. 
The food was wonderful!  The ingredients were fresh, the seasoning was delicious, the portion sizes were large.  The primavera quesadillas were packed with mushrooms, spinach and cheese, and probably the biggest hit of the night. The chicken dishes were packed with chicken, not like some you get with a scant bit of chicken here or there.  The tortillas they used were sturdy enough to contain the ingredients without being thick or dry; they enhanced the food rather than being something you had to "get through."
The price was also very, very reasonable. I doubt I could have fed this number of people so well for this price from any other place. (I researched quite a few. ) And we had plenty of leftovers. 
We have ordered individual items from Rosario's on other occasions and never been disappointed by anything on their menu. Knowing they can also cater so well is a huge additional plus.Update: I finally tried the pizza and it is amazing! The al pastor pizza is probably my favorite, but all of the others were great tooExcellent pizzas with wild toppings. The  Mexican style pizzas are superb! Haven't tried their standard slice but once you have tried their Pizza al Pastor, you will crave it again! My wife and I have driven from the suburbs many times for that al pastor!Finally a place that has good Mexican food for me, and good pizza for the hubby.  Everything was fresh, fast and delicious.  Street food style soft shell tacos that you can add lettuce, tomato and sour cream to (how come more places don't do that??) and are even sent with two little lime wedges. Yum.  Plus, $5 for a 10 inch cheese pizza? Yes, please.  I also recommend the nachos complete with homemade chips, but only if you are sharing or REALLY hungry.  Seriously, it was huge.I love the Mexicana pizza, my husband loves the El Pastor, and my sister enjoyed the supreme. The crust is thin but holds the toppings well. We reheated leftovers in the microwave oven and they were still spectacular. 
We ordered and it was about 35 minutes until it was ready.Do not eat here if you're on a diet. I have a few late night shame-eating guilty pleasures. This place is one of them, if not the best of them!
This was my first Mexican Pizza experience. Rosario's is truly unique; I don't think you can get the flavors on these pizzas from anywhere else in Philly. There are three pizza I rotate: Hawaiian, Chicken Mole, and my favorite, Pizza al Pastor. The menu is so big, however, I feel I need to branch out more.
Do yourself a favor and go for a nice run the day after you eat this pizza. You will lose enough calories and be able to enjoy the deliciousness all over again...We've ordered from Rosarios a few times and always end up getting the same things: 
- Al Pastor pizza
or
- Mexican cheesesteaks (or Mexican chicken cheesesteak) 
The pizza was good, but the Mexican cheesesteak is where it's at!  First, they are HUGE & packed to the brim- you definitely get your money's worth.  
The meat is always fresh - even the chicken cheesesteak (which can be very hit or miss) has freshly grilled  & cubed chicken.  And the meat is actually SEASONED. Nothing is worse than a cheesesteak place that doesn't season the meat.  The chipotle mayo is delicious and I love the Chihuahua cheese on the steaks - super unique flavor, not dry at all, and very filling.This was my go to place even though I think it's slightly overpriced. However my last order was pretty bad that I'll rethink ordering again. My mozzarella sticks were so burnt and charred I couldn't even bite into it. My turkey hoagie (which I crave) was stale. All of that for $23 (got a 20oz soda) is too much money; especially  when you can't eat a single thing.Ordered from Grubhub.  Burgers came out OK, roll not as fresh as I had hoped.  Delivery was on time, but food arrived lukewarm.  Fries were good.This place is amazing.  Moving to South Philly recently I had been on the hunt for a great pizza place and I'm so glad I found one. Rosario's is awesome! My all time favorite pizza from Rosario's (and might be my all time favorite ever) is the La Mexicana pizza. Something about the chorizo, avocado, and corn combo has got me loving the pizza. What's better than combining Mexican food with pizza?! I would definitely recommend Rosario's to everyone in the area.I have ordered this pizza again and again. I have also tried burritos, nachos and some other pizzas. They are all incredible. Nothing really tops that al pastor pizza, but I have thoroughly enjoyed the other items I've tried. 
I've always gotten delivery and it's always quick. Such a solid place to order delivery.Ordered off grub hub. Called to confirm order because I do not trust grub hub. The restaurant confirmed the order and said it should be delivered soon. When the driver arrived they had the complete wrong food. He left us waiting outside in  the cold while he called the restaurant to figure out their screw up. They never apologized once. I was never offered anything for the extra time spent  waiting or for the fact that I was never delivered the correct food. Horrible service. Will never order again. Also their pizza tastes totally horrible. Absolutely awful experienceBeef pepperoni and sweet pepper pizza was amazing. Can't get sweet peppers back home and since banana peppers wasn't an option I went with that and don't regret it one minute.So I'm not sure if they switched owners or if it's become one of those places that's only good if you eat there. We found Rosario's maybe two years ago. And we loved them. Great pizza, great tacos, amazing nachos, and my personal favorite their shrimp burrito. A few months ago we decided to try their cheesesteaks, tiny amounts of meat, the rolls were soggy and just generally not good, we wound up throwing it away. But hey you can't be great at everything right? Flash forward a month later we ordered their mexican pizza with sliced avacado (something we had before) and once again not as good as we remembered.....maybe they were having a bad night. Tonight we ordered burgers. The description sounded delicious. They weren't terrible. But they weren't good. The ingredients were not fresh you could tell and it was mushy. And unfortunately after eating it caused us to have very upset stomachs. Maybe all three times we hit them on bad nights, two years ago they would have gotten five stars, but now I don't know if we'll try them again, which is sad because we really liked their food at some point.ordered a steak burrito.. it came with freshly chopped jalapeños on it.. yum right? wrong.. too spicy to eat and i like spicy food.. its terrible i keep taking a bite only to regret it for five minutes..   chill out on the jalapeños!My sister and I ordered delivery from here for the first time.  The service was good, but the food was slightly above mediocre.  We got a chicken and a vegetarian burrito and the Nopal salad.  The burritos were fine, except they were missing the salsa we had asked for.  They were big and pan fried on one side to seal the goodies in, which was nice.  I asked for guacamole and there was a blob of it in the middle but no more to be seen.  The salad tasted very strange and salty.  The "balsamic vinaigrette" on the side was cold and solid and still very goopy when heated up.  I was surprised due to the great reviews, but maybe the pizza is the way to go if we order from here again.I recently had delivery from Rosario's and I already can't wait until I reorder again. The pizza was so delicious and spicy and I would definitely agree with the prior reviewers who recommend the specialty pizzas. The nachos were also amazing and the chips were actually crispy - it was so refreshing from always having soft mushy chips. I totally recommend this place and am so excited to order again soon!Good Menu selection. I specifically like the Short Rib Dishes. The Short Rib Pizza is  the most favored. It can fill you up in 3-4 slices if made correctly.one of the best pizza places in philly. fast delivery and good food. pizza with mexican influences sign me upLove love love rosarios pizza. Pico de galo pizza, i order it every time. Never wait too long. Food is always hot. Cheesesteak is good. Sandwiches are good. I love it. Only thing that is annoying is the delivery fee.Asked for burger rare & as you can see it's rare, still has flavor. Wings good size and sauce is good. Fries are so good perfect for a pizza shop. Great dinner.Mexican meets Italian.  Haven't had anything I didnt enjoy. I'd get it delivered or pick-up as they don't have a great dine in experience.We were visiting someone in the area, and after reading and believing the Google reviews, we tried it. Daughter said her tacos were delicious, but wife's cheesesteak was only fair and my chicken cheesesteak was blah and not as expected. Chicken was in chunks and not shredded or sliced as I've always had it at other locations. Meat didn't have much taste to it at all, and looked as though it was meat used for tacos or burritos, but without flavor. They do offer a wide selection of drinks in coolers, and their menu offers many items. They have a few small tables and counter seats for eating, but it was warm in there so I'd only use this place for takeout or delivery. When we're back in the area, we'd try it again, but only opting for Mexican dishes at that time.  Ever thought we'd get a blah steak in Philly, but here we are. Sad to say, but we've had much better in the burbs.I love their food but a cheese and pepperoni pizza small which was like a personal pan was 10$!!!! It was about the size of one big slice somewhere else. Disappointing and I won't order it again! Wings are great though!!I never Yelp but in this instance I am. I have ordered food from here for 3 years, I tend to be loyal especially to small businesses. However, tonight my daughter and I fell asleep and woke up late with a pizza craving.  We ordered from rosarios and the pizza was never delivered. I did have multiple missed calls because I don't tend to pay attention to my phone. Rosarios had tried to deliver...to the wrong address. 3 years of ordering and they confused my address but blamed me. Asked if I still wanted the pizza and they would reheat it. I told them I didn't want to pay $20 for an hour old reheated pizza. They were incredibly rude on the phone. It costs you less than a dollar to make a pizza but you chose that over keeping a regular...plus I listened to my 3 year old cry because the pizza never came. Thanks rosarios. I'll go to santuccis instead. P.s. your quesidillas are greasyThe best place for Mexican pizza, period. My friend thinks their tacos aren't the greatest but I love this place and have never had a complaint.UPDATE: Still amazing. Also tried the pastor tacos, Mexicana pizza, and flautas with high expectations that they continue to exceed.the BEST burrito available on  grubhub. They are always fast for delivery and the ingredients are always fresh. I've never had a bad experience and have been ordering from them for almost a year. Their chicken burritos might be the only reason my roommates and I are still alive and not starving.The BEST pizza in the South Philly/Point Breeze area. EVERYTHING in the menu is awesome. Pizza al pastor, and Buffalo chicken pizza are my favorites. Deliveries take a reasonable time, and prices are good. Is a must have.Ordered online for delivery. Two hours later I called to inquire and they said it was out for delivery, an hour later I called back and they said they never got the order because their online deliver system is not working.Great tasting pizza! We have ordered here a number of times and have never been disappointed! Don't hesitate to order!This place is the best!!!
I've only gotten delivery, and they seem to deliver all over Philly, which is awesome!
The menu is massive, but they really do an outstanding job.
Positives - I've had their steak nachos, authentic taco pizza, and a plain pie, and everything was pretty much amazing! 
The steak nachos were loaded with cheese, black beans, pico, guacamole, and sour cream! Everything was fresh and delicious. I could only finish about half and to wait a few more hours to finish it off!
The taco pizza was surprisingly really good. Normally, I don't like taco style pizzas that I've tried from other places, but it's a totally different story here! Again, the ingredients were fresh and tasty.
Negatives - Nothing. Even the prices are very reasonable!Rosario's. From Ames, Iowa to you.
1) We don't know how doorbells work.
2) We don't understand the concept of knocking at a door.
3) When you order from us be sure to walk around for an hour with your phone in your hand and your ringer on, and wait for a call from AMES, IOWA (515-70-0717).  If you don't answer, we we won't leave a message because-
4) We don't know how voicemail works.
5) We're not too bright and we're really lazy.
Instead we'll call you a couple of times, leave, come back 20 minutes later and call a couple more times, then drive away again. We could do something intelligent like take 10 seconds to get out of our car and knock or ring your doorbell, but we're remarkably stupid and remarkably lazy so we'd rather let your food get ice cold, refuse to offer a discount or apologize for our laughable customer service, then drive around in circles some more because it beats actually working.
Bizarre experience with this place. After not receiving the order after nearly 90 minutes we called Grubhub and canceled the order. After we placed an order with Isabella's instead, the Rosario's driver showed up angry and huffy and sarcastic, saying "I called you! I called you!" I said yes, from AMES, IOWA. We realized only after checking our phone which was set to silent because we are entertaining; hence our order for 2 extra large pizzas. Very bizarre to us that apparently he waited outside of our house refusing to get out and simply ring the doorbell or knock.  I pointed this out to the driver--rather than calling us over and over from IOWA like a telemarketer why not take 10 seconds to get off your butt and ring our doorbell, especially when it was clear after multiple calls that we were nowhere near our phone.
He then laughed like a psychotic mental patient and said, "OH, so we have to call from Philadelphia." 
"Um, yes, moron, you're Rosario's Pizza in Philadelphia. Or leave  a voicemail telling someone who you are. Do YOU answer calls from unknown numbers?"  
He just kept saying over and over, "Oh, so we can only call you from Philadelphia."  and laughing maniacally. Yep, Rosario's hires only the best.
Suffice it to say, I told him explicitly what he could do with his ice cold pizzas.  It's unfortunate as we have ordered from them 4 or 5 times before tonight's 90-minute cartoon, loved them and loved their friendly service. We've never had this particular wack job before. His parents must be proud: "My son,the lazy moron."
Enjoy him, Rosario's. You've sent us running screaming back to Isabella's.Let me start off with something short and sweet. This place not only had great pizza but their burritos are top notch. You wouldn't think that for a small corner shop in pointe breeze but let me give it to you straight. I love burritos. I go all over the place to get a good burrito. But the Pastor Burrito is hands down the best burrito I have had in my life. I had that for dinner last night and haven't been able to stop thinking about it. It was love at first bite. Don't let the location and menu deter you. This place is the bomb diggity.this place shines in the 'hood.  have been there twice already (travelling from new york) and the tacos and pizza were great.  the order of three beef tacos came garnished with a grilled pepper and onion and the veggie slice at 3 bucks was quite large and filling.The Pizza Al Pastor was literally the best thing I've ever put in my mouth, a secret I need to shout to the worldI discovered Rosario's because of a menu left in my door. Mexican...Pizza? I was skeptical. But Yelp convinced me to try it. I like al pastor pork, and I like pizza, so I decided to see for myself what an al pastor pizza would taste like. While it didn't change my life forever, it was definitely a delicious treat I would have again.
Not much later, I was planning to go to PEP Bowl with a group of people and suggested we order our pizza from Rosario's, since they're so close to each other. Boyfriend and I shared a Hawaiian pizza, while our friends split other types of the non-Mexican pizzas. No one complained, and few left with leftovers, so I'm guessing everyone thought it was at least passable. Me, I thought it was by far one of the best pizzas I've had in Philly. 
I have not tried any of the Mexican food offerings, but someday I will.So, I was really looking forward to trying this pizza after reading these reviews. People also talked about how great the mozzarella sticks were, so I decided pizza and mozz sticks. 
The mozz sticks were actually a little weird tasting. I couldn't put my finger on it, but they almost tasted like they had Mexican flavoring? Or something was fried beforehand that got into the oil. I don't know, but it wasn't good. The cheese was nice and soft, but the outside breading left a lot to be desired. 
Now, the pizza was really good (I ordered the Hawaiian). However, I can't say I would order from here again knowing what other options are out there.My roommates and I love this place and order from them quite frequently. Their menu is amazing - you can't go wrong with whatever you choose to order. The burgers, pizza, salads, sandwiches- all have been ordered by people in my apartment and have been talked highly about. Their delivery is so quick, reasonable prices, nice staff.The al pastor pizza here is generously topped with their al pastor and chunks of onion and pineapple. Think of the best Hawaii pizza you ever had and make it better, this is their al pastor pizza. 
The churros are filled with raspberry jelly and come with a side of condensed milk. This is hands down one of the best desserts I have had in a while. 
I placed an order online and arrived when they told me the order was ready. Only to find out they hadn't even put my pizza in the oven yet! So I just stood around outside for 25 minutes while they made my order. 
This place is popular amongst the locals. The food here is so good it might actually be worth the wait.I can't judge the customer service or the interior of this place because I always get take out and my bf always picks up the pizza. 
Anyways, I've only tried the the Al pastor pizza (sometimes with avocado added on) They are always really generous with the toppings and all the toppings are fresh. Fresh topped pineapples and yummy al pastor!! Some downsides - I love my pizza crispy and unfortunately this pizza is not. Al pastor in general is really oily (something to keep in mind because its always made like that) Since its oily, the pizza is not crispy. Somewhat soggy but its not too bad. 
One time I found a piece of hair on my slice of pizza so I wonder how clean the place is but I'll let that slide because the pizza is really delicious!Pizza and tacos? God, amazing!!!
I also tried their Chipotle chicken cheesesteak and now I'm hooked. Everything on the menu is so good.It was my first time ordering from Rosario's the other night and I hesitated to try their food with so many other amazing pizza places right nearby in south Philly.. but it was worth the gamble! My boyfriend and I had a large Mediterranean pizza. The veggie toppings were super fresh and I was quite happy with our yummy pickup order. 4 stars because the inside of the restaurant itself appeared borderline grungy but I'll still return for the food!This is one of the spots to get mexican style pizza in south philly. i've tried almost all mexican pizzeria, they're not the best but not bad either. mexican food is supposed to have a kick, and they al-pastor pizza is a little too sweet for me, and the salsa? i feel like they should use like a spicy rojo inside the pizza instead of on the side. i would say that their bacon, chicken and ranch pizza is really good. i'll try more menu and update my review.What a find, finally something different in the local delivery department! I get a new menu every other day left on my doorstep but this place made it past the trashcan based on the uniqueness and early positive reviews on Yelp (thanks Yelpees!).
Can't say I've ever had Mexican pizza before besides at the peace of pizza chain. I feel bad writing about the 2 in the same sentence as Rosario's is on another level. The chicken mole pizza was an instant hit with me, just so many bold flavors. It is definitely a thicker crust which helps hold up the thick mole sauce. Also their guacamole and chips is a mountain of both. This was on par with the best delivery guac as I've had in Philly.
Delivery was quick so all around great first impression with this place. It is an extensive menu so I will be back at it exploring soon!We really enjoyed our food at Rosario's. We ordered the special wrap, Tijuana burger & 2 slices of pepperoni pizza. 
The ingredients in the wrap were so fresh, from the grilled chicken to the guacamole. The only thing I would say is to specify that you do not want peppers if you are not a fan of spicy foods. (Will be doing this next time.) The wrap itself was a soft and thin tortilla - really good!
The Tijuana burger was MASSIVE! The bacon was crisped to perfection and the kaiser roll was so fresh. The side of fries were also really addicting for some reason. They were a good soft to crispy ratio and salted to perfection. The guacamole on the burger definitely added a hint of Mexican flavor that we really enjoyed. 
The pizza was also good, can't go wrong with plain pepperoni. I think we made the mistake of sticking to the boring basics. Rosario's specializes in their Mexican pizzas, so we'll be sure to try one on our next visit, like the avocado topped pizza! 
Overall, the only thing that could've made our experience better was warning the restaurant we're not a fan of spicy foods so our meal could have been more mild. We'll be back to try out their Mexican pizzas and tacos! 
-@Coupleatss on InstagramThis place has some unique pizza flavors. The Al Pastor pizza was good. Nothing mind blowing but if I'm in the area I'd go back. Also got the platanos maduros. I thought the plantains were very dry even with the condensed milk. There's not much room inside if you want to sit and eat, more of a take out place. There's also a $15 minimum for credit cards.Very quick, very hot, very curteous, very good.
Go to spot for any south phillian.
Also convienent they're open till 1 Am.Staff was friendly, service was good. Ordered the al pastor pizza, and they got it ready in about 10 minutes. It was absolutely delicious, never had a pizza like it before. I actually came here specifically for the pizza, and it was even better than I imagined it would be. It is kind of pricey, but I think it was worth it. Would definitely revisit.I really really want to give this place more than 3 stars but I don't think I can. I ordered delivery tonight and while it took a bit longer than quoted, that wasn't the issue. First off, the Rosario's wings were great. Marinated with spices served with a spicy sauce on the side...so so good. The pizza on the other hand...was just okay. I ordered the Tinga Pollo which has a tomato chipotle sauce, mozzerella, shredded chicken breast, topped with roasted poblano peppers. I also added roasted corn kernals to the pizza as well. Sounds incredible right?! Unfortunately the pizza didn't have any roasted poblanos and the shredded chicken breast was actually thinly sliced breaded chicken. Maybe the latter was as it's supposed to be, just not what I was expecting when reading shredded chicken. I'll give them another try as it was fairly tasty but am pretty disappointed I didn't get what I expected to.What a great spot! Ordered delivery for tonight and can't say enough good things! We got the Chicana pizza, the Nopal salad and chicken empanadas. The pizza has a wonderfully bubbled crust and the toppings, drizzled with chipotle ranch, was perfect. The Nopal salad with the cactus paddles were delicious with a generous sprinkling of queso fresco, and the greens were perfectly fresh. The empanadas are HUGE! We split a single one between two of us and were delighted to find gooey cheese mixed with the chicken tinga. Will definitely order from here again!Still giving 5 stars, because your girl LOVES Rosario's - my whole house of roommates does too, and orders religiously. 
But the last order I got this week was not the Rosario's I've raved about. My roommates have echoed the same, that's why I wanted to write this update. 
I'm sure your business has gotten positively rumbled by current events, which is why I'm keeping the stars at a solid 5, but hoping you see this!
I ordered the carnitas nachos. Now, I love carnitas because they are fatty - I expect it! But what came sprinkled over my nachos was half burnt, and half inedible crouton-sized fatty chunks. The cheese was burnt on the styrofoam. 
The new packaging left something to be desired too. I'm sure you're looking to save overhead, but the clean delivery of Rosario's was always a pleasant touch. I hope it will come back soon.
Again, small businesses are having the worst of times right now - but I would be remiss if I didn't mention that we've all seen the quality slipping. I don't want people ordering your food for the first time getting what we all got in my house. It isn't what we've come to expect. 
Love you guys!! Will order from you until the end of forever! Please consider this review a gentle nudge from an adoring customer. But I hope to see the Rosario's that I know and love come back strong.