Love what they are doing to pay it forward in Philly! More businesses should be this proactive.Stumbled upon this little gem... the pizza may not be the best in the city (but not bad!) but the message is. Buy a slice and donate a slice. It's a simple concept with a deep meaning. Everyone has a story and more places should follow suit of paying it forward.
Kudos to you, Rosas, for being good people and making good pizza.Five stars for their generous cause! I saw a post about this place on fb when the owner was on The Ellen Show. After learning you could donate a slice to someone in need, I had to check it out. Turns out I walk by the place on my way to work. The slices aren't huge but they are only a dollar. It's fresh out the oven and the crust has a nice crisp to it. I like their sauce too with a hint of sweetness. The place is covered with post its, which is how you can donate a slice, and it's nice to see how giving others have been.What a great concept. Buy a slice and buy one for a somebody who is less fortunate.  First time we have had this kind of pizza and it was pretty good. The energy of the place was amazing as well. Made our day.Thin crust. Not too much sauce. Delicious!! NY style. Simple, Not too many toppings no goat cheese, broccoli rabe etc. 
loved it!!Wanted pizza to go but was in a rush to get back home. Called Rosa's, the owner took my order and it was ready in 15 minutes. Super nice guy and the pizza was very good for the price ($10?! Whaaaat?!)
I'm definitely coming back.I ordered this pizza based on proximity to my hotel.. Then I read about their pay it forward program that gives free slices to the homeless!. I was thrilled that my order was coming from people who cared!!.. And then extra bonus, the pizza was awesome.. We were here to undergo serious medical treatment, and this was a bright spot to our week... I have never said this in a review before, but God bless Rosa's Fresh PizzaStopped in for a few slices and so glad we did! The pizza was delicious, fresh, crunchy chewy crust. Really good! Keep in mind this is not a place with tables and chairs, there are bars with stools for seating.Always loved Rosa's 
Good pizza, good cause, good people.
This little shop is adorable with all the post it notes everywhere. Also have had some new ordering stations.I thought the pizza was just average.  I was in Philly and just ordered from a place that was close to my hotel.  I ate it but it was not all that.Great slice of pizza for $1. I love the chunks of tomato in the sauce and the thin crust! 
And the Little Rosa program is awesome. Love the positive change to a rough area! I recommend going just to check out the wall of post-its and the responses from people fed from it. And then getting a couple slices while you are there!So fresh & delicious. Tasty crust, thinner fresh & refreshing sauce, and not too much cheese. Definitely recommend. Great food & initiative in the community. Owner was right there making everything fresh. Cool scenery.I was excited to hear there was a dollar slice place open in Philly, but after stopping by several times I can say I'm borderline ecstatic. Excellent value, extremely friendly and involved owner, and great pizza.Great pizza at a great cost for a great cause. It's amazing what this guy is doing. You would think the pizza would not be great but it's better than most of the pizza places I go to. If you want great food and want to contribute to a great cause go to Rosa's. You won't regret itOne of my favorite lunch spots in philly! $1 slices and cans of pop, and the best part is you can donate and pay it forward. Is awesome to read inspiring messages from the homeless who come to Rosas for a meal and inspiring messages from other generous people! 
The pizza is good the cost is great and mason generally gets to know the customers and recognize any regulars! Definitely check it out!The pizza is good, but the mission is greater. We stopped by to try the $1 slices and were surprised at the quality of the pizza. It's not gourmet, but much better than the Ellio's we were expecting. Some people paid, others didn't, and everyone was treated the same. We went around opening time and the dining space was quite packed. It's cheap for those who can pay and makes it incredibly easy to help someone in need.Whatever you do, don't get pizza here. I've been sick for the last two days from this garbage. I called in ahead of time to make sure it was a fresh pizza. It wasn't. It looked like a combination of a couple pies that have been sitting out for god knows how long. But I paid for it and was hungry, so I had a couple slices. Worst mistake ever, never have I been sicker. Telling everyone I know not to eat here. You shouldn't either.Three star pizza, five star price. Pizza is OK, thin slice the way I like it.  Better alternative to the $15 burger down the street. As for feeding the "food insecure"people; don't we have enough fat poor people in this country? 
Since they give slices to bums, there are a lot of bums inside eating pizza.I read about this place on philly.com and thought it was a great idea.  Always fresh slices that aren't dried out and for only a dollar a slice.  This is the best dollar a slice pizza I know of.  The slices are pretty small but are extremely flavorful.  Keep in mind this pizza is basic no frills pizza but for only a dollar a slice it is very satisfying.  
The owner is a young entrepreneur and has a really great attitude.  He is doing everything right- simple, inexpensive, tasty pizza in a clean restaurant with great customer service.  I'll be back whenever I am in the area.Dollar slices in Philly? Sounds good. 
They're smaller than normal slices but if you get hungry you can get more. They're only a dollar. 
A little greasy. Cheese goes right to the edge. Thin crust.The pizza may not be the best, but it's for the good cause. Therefore, I absolutely love this place. Tried my luck several times to meet Mason. After moving to New York, came back to Philly and tried the pizza again. It tasted better, cause I could only get it in the good old Philly.Awful pizza.  I can't believe the good reviews on here.  Soggy, too tomatoey and zero flavor.  The only good thing is they feed the homeless.Great pizza and it goes to a great cause. Only $1 for a slice and if you can purchase a future slice for the homeless. Very great concept and good pizza.I know I shouldn't complain about a dollar slice... but the slices were tiny. I eat a lot of dollar slices in nyc and they are never this small. The pizza didn't look small when coming out of the oven but when I saw my slices, I was quite disappointed. The taste was okay... not much cheese. I really wanted to like this place because I am a fan of dollar slices and because of the kind things they do for the homeless, but 3 stars based purely on their pizza.Great food and good customer service. They also help feed around 40 homeless people per day. Great place all in all.For $1 a slice, you really cannot complain about the pizza - reminds me of the simple cheesy goodness of the pizza from places like Chuck E Cheese. Maybe I'm making that comparison because there were about 50 4th graders crammed into Rosa's when I went in there for lunch.
Despite the average pizza, this place is unique - you're not just here for the pizza. You're here to give back to those who cannot afford even the $1 slices. So when you pay for your pizza, give a couple of dollars (or whatever you can afford back to the cashier. For example, I got 2 slices, paid with a twenty, and asked for $15 back in change.
And while you're there - post a fun little post-it note up on the wall! There are thousands up there to give you some ideas.small shop pleasant service. the decor us crazy - post its all over the walls. great pizza too, for a great price. definitely stop by! I would probably reccomend take out.I'm in town from NYC for a conference and found Rosa's on Yelp!  Their menu is painfully simple, but this is a blessing in disguise.  The gentleman, Jason, on the phone was very polite, told me my pickup order would be ready in 10 minutes, and they were just finishing it when I got there from the Marriott.
The young lady behind the counter was very pleasant, as well, explaining their story and how they offer/facilitate a donation program that feeds hungry poor people in the area.  She was so genuine, yet not pushy, about it.
The pizza was affordable and tasted better than I expected for the price.  Simple, but done right and they were happy to do mine just a bit well-done as I requested.
The pie is tasty and affordable and the people are very cool.  If you're nearby, do yourself a favor and stop in.My wife and I came in from Ohio for a long weekend to checkout Philly. Hadn't heard of Rosa's Fresh Pizza but we felt like staying in the hotel tonight to watch the Buckeyes game and having some pizza. Started doing some research and saw it had great reviews and then we read about how they donate a free slice to the homeless. Sounded like a win-win and it sure was. Wife and I definitely approve. While we were in the shop waiting for the pie, we saw 4 homeless come in for a free slice. Great pizza and great cause! Next time we come to Philly, we'll definitely visit Rosa's again.A 4 1/2 star rated pizza place should have good pizza and not just a good cause. The rating is misleading. I'm sorry but the pizza was just not good. I got delivery but still - a pizza shouldn't be altered that much by delivery.Jesus Christ. I had lowered expectations since its a $1 slice joint, but it was so damn good. Dank dank dank for only $8 for an entire pie. Much better than Paulie's next door.In town on a combination work/vacation visit, found this gem on Yelp. Gotta love the $1 slice and opportunity to make a difference locally, and ordering right from the owner. I actually picked up a couple of pies, also a steal, and brought them back to feed the family. The pizza was a universal hit with my crew, especially the extra pepperoni!Fantastic place. First time in Philly and was super hungry - was very lucky to stumble upon this place. $1 for quality pizza + a very humble and respected place is a sure recipe for 5 stars. Couldn't help but to donate to their cause for feeding homeless people.$1 slices of pizza that actually tastes good?! Sign me up I just might have my lunch here every day - ok just weekly. In and out pizza is fresh and ready to enjoy!Great pizza, great price, great cause. What more could you ask for? The company also employs people from the community in need. Can't really ask for more!The slice was great.  I love the concept of allowing consumers to pay-it-forward. My office is near by and I am strongly recommending to management this afternoon that any office pizza lunches are provided by Rosa's.I've been here a number of times now and I can't wait to go back. What I love about this place is that the pizza is always fresh and hot, never reheated like most pizza places in Philly. The sauce really makes the pizza fantastic because it's so flavorful. The crust is thin, crisp, and tasty. The location is really convenient- right near Jefferson Hospital. The place has a fun, hip atmosphere and friendly staff. It's almost unbelievable that you can get a great slice nearby for only a buck! By far my favorite pizza place in the area.Wow.  Best pizza I've had in awhile.  Who knew it'd be in a nondescript part of Philly and only a buck per slice to boot!  Would have easily paid double for what I got.  Had a chance to chat with the owner who seems to be genuine guy trying to do good for his community as well as for himself.  I'll be back soon and often for great pizza and to support a budding social entrepreneur.Loved the service, music, and pizza. Can't beat a $1.00 cheese slice (no tax) after paying $25.00 for parking. If you want a topping, it's $0.50 more. A must go if your shopping downtown.The pizza isn't the world's greatest, but it's not bad either. Compared to other $1 pizza slices I've had, it is one of the better pizzas.
I've heard about Rosa's but I don't go into center city often so I never went. Yesterday I was walking in circles trying to remember where I parked when I walked past a pizza place with a sign "As Seen on Ellen" so I went inside.
I bought a slice for myself and a post-it for the homeless. I wasn't expecting great pizza for a dollar but I liked the novel idea of the store and I was hungryThey didn't deliver the pizza even after 2 hours. And didn't give a compensation either. Horrible service. I am still waiting on it.THIS PLACE NEEDS 5 STARS! THE PIZZA IS PRETTY GOOD!
The real reason is because this type of business model needs to be rewarded. They do really great things here at Rosa's. I will come back every time I have a chance. The ambience is really cool! GO PHILLY.Went here last Thursday night before the Flyers game... what a great idea. Not only were these pizzas legit and delicious, but they were only $1 a slice. That's about as good as it gets here in PhillyAnd we never thought we'd find cheap eats in Philly, then we Yelped and Rosas came up. $1 a slice? Had to check it out! Very small, if you blink, you'll miss it. No sign on the door so make sure you look up at the awning for the name or look inside for the post-it notes everywhere (still not sure how that works or how anyone keeps track).
Fill up on $1 cheese slices (.50 cents more for each topping) and 2 slices will fill you up. It wasn't bad pizza either, wasn't great, but wasn't bad. Good cheap eats in a city where it's easy to spend a lot of money at restaurants.Eating pizza has never felt so good! I came to Rosa's with a group of friends because we had heard about its amazing $1 slices and pizza donation program. Their pay-it-forward program allows people to pay a little extra for their pizza in order to provide free slices to the homeless. The place is covered in heartwarming post-its from those who donated to and benefitted from this amazing program. 
The menu was surprisingly limited but that didn't really bother me since that's probably the only way this program is sustainable. Their only topping options were mushrooms, pepperoni and sausage. We ordered a cheese pie and different several slices. The pizza was freshly made with a beautiful thin crust, a delicious sauce and warm, gooey cheese. 
The owner, Mason, is a very humble and hardworking gentleman. We chatted with him for a while and he told us more about the restaurant's story. Overall, it was a great experience and my friends and I intend to become regulars at Rosa's.I saw this pizza place on Facebook a couple of day before my Philadelphia travel and decided that it'll be the best place to spent my vacation money in because not only is their pizza GOOD but it's also for a good cause. btw I'm from Massachusetts!! My whole family love the pizza!Value, Quality, Service, and Heart. 
I had just finished a great night at the Philly Auto show with my nephew where I was relieved of $22 for 2 hotdogs, 2 soft drinks a bag of chip and 3 lackluster Oatmeal rasin cookies. 2-3 hours later I was feeling ripped off and we were both still hungry. Our stroll looking for a fast cheap place to eat could not have taken a more fortunate turn than it did when we walked in to Rosa's. I just wanted pizza and didn't even realize that it would only be a dollar a slice until I asked if all they sold was pizza. The owner's face lit up with a smile, and he said "we only do one thing, and we do it well." He wasn't lying. My nephew and I each got 2 slices and a bottled water and my total was like $6-$7. Value.
So there were 2 pizzas out one that had slightly toasted cheese: fresh hot and gooey, and one that looked like it was of a more senior vintage. I prepared myself for the usually inevitable, "Do you think we could have slices from the new pie" discussion (or sometimes argument) that has come to be an all to common interplay when I go to grab a slice at a place where the pies are pre-made, but to my penultimate surprise and delight, the worker ignored the dry pie, and served us both from the delicious and clearly more fresh looking one. I was impressed. Service.
There looked to be a good amount of cheese on the slice and my skeptical side was getting the better of me. Too good to be true rang through my head like a clarion call to unfounded pessimism: pessimism that was completely shattered with my first bite. It was delicious, exactly what I was craving. The crust was thin and crispy, the cheese had just the right amount of tooth resistance. It had a little bit of oil, but was defiantly not a grease pie. The sauce, cheese, and crust swirled in my mouth combining it one savory delicious bite after another. Quality.
I also got to speak with the owner and what impressed me more than the fact that he was a former stockbroker was that he had named the place after his mom. It's the kind of small, but significant thing that reveals the owners passion and investment in the business. Heart. 
After scarfing down the first 2 slices, I found myself wanting even more. I approached the counter, which now had only the before mentioned, and still ominous, slice of dry pie. I thought for sure this time that, left with no other options, they would try and push the remaining slice on me. Again I have was blown away to be wrong. Instead, after a 1-2 minutes well spent, I was greeted with a piping hot, fresh from the oven slice. What's more, the employee gave up his own fresh hot slice after calling out to my nephew and ask if he was still hungry and wanted another slice. It was like being in the kitchen of my old Italian baby sitter. Good food was love here and they all wanted to make sure their was plenty of each for everybody. I offered to pay for the extra slice and the employee just said, "it's on me tonight." Heart, Service, Quality, and Value. That is why this Philly boy born and bred will be going to Rosa's every time he comes home. Rosa's may have only been opened a few months ago, but the spirit it brings is the one that I have loved about our great city my entire life. Thank you for a great slice and an even better experience, one my nephew and I will have for the rest of out lives.Mission aside,  for plain pizza that is only 1$ (toppings are 50 cent extra)  you can't go wrong.  Service was fast,  and it was nice reading all of the inspiring messages.  I would go here again for a quick lunch,  and would definitely  consider donating for the cause!Stuck in a hotel with no room service.. can't find a pizza place open that late which is close.. so where do you go for a $8 pizza and call it a night.. ROSA'S! The pizza was actually good and you can't beat the price period.. It's a no brainier here.. cheap prices and good quality done deal.Tasty NY-style cheese slices for $1.  Crust was crispy and had a great flavor to it. Hits the spot if you're looking for something quick and easy.  No frills here.
Mason, the owner, was super friendly and uses his business to help the homeless in the community. Customers have a no-pressure opportunity to purchase future $1 slices that will feed the homeless. For every slice you buy for this program, you get a post-it note you can use to write a message for someone helped by Mason's program. The walls of the joint are littered with so many colorful post-its and positive messages. It was inspiring. The walls also display appreciative letters written by some of those who benefitted from the program. It was great for my husband and I to help out a good cause. Mason said that he has donated 3100 slices to the homeless in the past 4 months.  
As tourists of Philly, we did notice as we started walking to this place that the area was starting to get a little rougher, but it still felt safe in the middle of afternoon. Not sure how it would be in the evening?Haven't had really good...crispy crust pizza like this in a longgggg time...Althought the pizza is 5 star's..the over all cleanliness of the seating area is not so good. When I seen this place on facebook, I had to get down here. But as I'm sitting here now, they really need to clean up the place..this alone would make me not stop in again and just donate online. Even though the homeless come in and are able to eat..does not mean that this place up keep should go downVery disappointed. I ordered for an office party. It took two hours for me to get my order and the pizza was COLD. They didn't even compensate me for the time I wasted and I couldn't cancel because they already deducted the money from my account with the tip included. I spoke to the shop twice. The first time they said they never received my order and told me I need to call. This was an hour after I waited. Then the second hour they told me they was on their way. The guy over the phone told me he would give me something and never did.  Beware!First off, for being a paying customer I was being fed garbage. The crust was NOT fully cooked and soggy. The cheese wasn't cooked either. When we opened the pizza box, it was if they kind of just threw the pizza in there. Half of the pizza was folded over in the box. Come on. Regardless of all of that, I heard nothing but great things about this place so I wanted to base my opinion off of taste. It tasted as if it were a cheap frozen pizza. I've actually had better. Not only was the taste horrible but... I found a piece of plastic underneath the cheese!!!! Come on, I've had cheaper pizza that was better quality. Will never be ordering from here again. It was a simple cheese pizza. No special orders, nothing.I admire restaurants with the sense to focus on one thing, and then do it extremely well.  Really good pizza and a really great price!  The store atmosphere is very cool and chill.  It's a great place to get a slice and talk with friends.  The staff is excellent.  Very friendly and great quick service.  Did I mention the pizza is really good?  Just the right amount of a nice flavorful sauce with the right amount of cheese on a perfect crust.
If you want gourmet, deep dish, twenty-five toppings, this is NOT the place.  If you want pizza, a good ol' slice of cheese pizza, made fresh, this is the best!Great mission and great desire to help their city. The pizza wasn't half bad. We ordered a whole pie, a couple drinks, and a sticky note. Seating was limited, but that seems to be the trend in a lot of places in Philly. 
The two people behind the counter were both very friendly and the pizza came out quick. There's a pretty limited selection of toppings, but still for the price you can't beat it!I was a little skeptical about pizza for a $1.00 per slice, but I found the pizza very good and tasty.  Yes, it is thin crust, but the quality is very good.  And, the owner is very friendly and pleasant.  I mean, even if the pizza was not good, you can't beat $1.00 per slice.  Anyway, I recommend this place for a hot, fresh and cheap lunch.Not sure how this place received 5 stars from so many people?  The pizza is average, the dollar slices are very small, but worth the money.  The owner was very friendly, but the customers there were mostly hobos.  Be ready to be pan handled when ordering from this pizza joint.A really good slice!  And they donate lots of slices daily to homeless people.  Pizza with a cause!  Love it!We take a large group of 8th grade students from Maine here every year. The pizza is great and the pay a slice forward to the homeless options exemplify social responsibility! If your donate a dollar two thing happen - a slice gets donated forward and you get to write a message of hope on the wall. Make a difference today and get an awesome slice!One of the great things about visiting New York is cheap pizza, so I was happy to hear we'd have our own $1 slice right here in Philly. The slices aren't huge, but plenty especially since they are a dollar. The sauce is sweet, with a crispy crust. They are also connected to the community, if you pay $2 it buys a slice for a homeless person. This may become my regular pizza spot.$1/slice. Fresh and hot. Can't beat that.
But the main reason why you MUST go to Rosa's is that you can buy a slice for someone else, and that someone is a homeless person. Rosa's generous nature and their mission to feed the homeless is something that I just had to support. It's just good karma.
You must go to Rosa's if you're in Philly!This was an average pizza place. I a slice with multiple meats and a plain. The plain was good and the meat slice was a bit old. I should have known by the look. I will continue to go to pronto pizza on Spring Garden. It is closer to my house and I slightly prefer their slices.This place is incredible. It's inexpensive AND delicious pizza, comes in large slices, and a warm, unpretentious environment. However, the best part of this place is the philosophy and heart behind it. When you walk in, you find the walls are COVERED in post-its. Turns out, people have been donating a $1 to pay-it-forward and purchase a pizza for a hungry homeless person. So the homeless can walk into this pizza place, and get themselves a satisfying and delicious meal, and also read the encouraging and loving post-its splattered all over the walls. I have no doubt there are so many folks who leave this place with bellies, hearts, and souls warmed and fed. Take some time to chat with the owner, he has an incredible story. 
Thanks for doing what you do!This place is my second favorite pizza place in Philly (after Lorenzo's 3rd and South) and it benefits the homeless so that's an added bonus.  Food is good and cheap and the people are nice.  Their salads are pretty good too.Such great pizza and at such a great price. No need to wait for a full pizza, you choose the slices you want. It's a must try.Awesome fresh $1 pizza!
First of all - the quality for the buck is amazing!
Fast service!
Super clean restaurant! The owner comes at around lunch time and greets everyone. He's very proud of the business and said that good pizza, nice people and cleanliness are his top priorities. So far, everything matches up.It's hard to find a decent slice of pizza in Philly and this is one of the better ones I've come across.  I've been here a handful of times and the pizza is consistent.  The owner Mason is very friendly with customers.  There are often homeless people in Rosa's eating pizza, as a part of the "pay it forward" initiative, and they've always been courteous as well.I was eager to try this place out but was disappointed. The pizza looks really good but tastes pretty bland and cardboard-like.I know the pizza is only $1 and I know it's for a good cause but the pizza stinks! The atmosphere is also lacking. There is no music playing or anything, so it is  ungodly quiet and awkward.If you are anywhere close to Rosa's stop in for a slice and even if you're not hungry, stop in anyway and buy a slice for someone else. Rosa's serves 100+ homeless everyday through their pay-it-forward initiative. For $1.25/slice and $8/pizza you can enjoy your pizza and someone else can too.Pretty straightforward cheese pizza slices. While the food was good, the place really wins itself a 4-star rating for the little things: you can't beat the price, the owner's a great guy with a philanthropic mission in mind, and it's a great spot for a quick stop to chow down on pizza.what the hell is up with them 1 stars?! there nuts ! rosas fresh pizza is amazing, the people there are awesome and very respectful. The boss man named mason is very concerned of every customer that walks threw his door asking hows the pizza , qhat can we do to change things, thats pretty impressive. The environment of the store is very comforting. There pizza is slamming!! thats love for one dollar!! The little rosa program is also amazing , you pay it forward to feed the homeless or people who are short of cash! And also the short woman with the short hair , she makes wonderful amazing yummy pizza and she so nice ! just putting that out there! (:It's a dollar slice, and its good.  Service is fast and there is a philanthropic component to the business, what more can you want?  I saw some complaints on Yelp about this and that, look if you are looking for a slice that satisfies your wallet, your tastebuds and your soul, this is the place.  It is just that simple.I come to Philly every month and this place has been on my to-do list. I finally made it here and it was everything I had imagined and more. The atmosphere is fantastic with the free slices for the needy and dollar slices for everyone else. I ordered two mushrooms slices and gave them $10, keep the change. A small price to pay for such an eye opening experience. There are post-it notes all over the wall with motivational sayings, it is very moving. You can dine in or take out. The night I was there was during the World Convention of Families and a group of young priests came in from somewhere out west. They ordered their food and took time to talk with some of the homeless people there. Can't wait to come back here! P.S. The pizza was good too.Absolutely great thin crust pizza. No frills joint with a friendly staff. Had a pepperoni and mushroom pizza $12 for a massive pie. Has a unique "pay-it-forward" motto and loves to help the community.For the past few years I've been complaining to anyone that would listen about the sad state of pizza in Philadelphia. Mostly to my cats who don't even eat pizza and can't speak English so I never really shut up about it. My beef was with the lack of quality traditional pies. Sure, you can't jump out of the way of a biker on the sidewalk without landing in a gourmet joint, flipping 12 inch pizzas with toppings you've never heard of but there are times when that's simply not going to cut it.  
One of those times was following what can only be described as a bender at Movie Tavern. Philomena + Wolf of Wall Street / 4 Steins = a hangover hunger that just won't quit. Sunday morning I opened my eyes turned to boo and said I want a Steve's Cheesesteak and Rosa's Fresh. Maybe the hangover dulled my other senses giving birth to my pizza eye because somehow despite never being there I knew Rosa's was going to be the messiah pie I'd been waiting for. 
Before I could indulge my cravings we had to hit the grocery store. I lagged behind boo staring down at my phone examining the menu on Rosa's website waiting for the moment we were checking out and I could order my prize. They have an application for online ordering (which I'm told was just launched) which was very easy to use on an iPhone. I ordered a large pepperoni pizza and entered my card information. The total? Ten duckets. We arrived shortly there after and three super nice guys greeted me at the shop including Mason the owner. He informed me that they had just ran out of pepperoni but gave me $5 cash to atone. 
In all honesty I was in the wrong ordering peperoni on my first go around. It was actually better to get the plain so I could really taste what they were puttin' down. I couldn't wait the 6 blocks to get home before I had my first piece. I wasn't even halfway through my first bite before I knew my pizza eye had served me well. The thin chewy crust was a perfect base for the salty mozzarella and robust sauce. This was actually the best sauce I've ever had. After one slice I felt Nick Cage at the end of Nat'l Treasure. Not only is the pizza amazing it's really a business you can root for. Mason seems like a really great dude and if they can overcome Market East I have a feeling more of these puppies will be popping up.The pizza here is amazing.  I honestly wasn't expecting much from $1 pizza slices, but wow.  This pizza is way better than most places in the city.  It's thin with a crunchy crust and the cheese and sauce are outstanding.  I also love the concept of providing cheap pizza and being able to pay it forward with post-its on the wall to anyone who is in need and might need a slice.  I definitely cannot wait to come back for cheap delicious pizza!I work across the street at Jefferson Hospital and I happened to wander in here when it FIRST opened. Mason probably does not remember me but I remember him very well. He was extremely enthusiastic, warm, and genuine.  He told me about his plan to feed the homeless (there were barely any post-its on the wall at that time), and I was extremely impressed. You are making such a positive impact on our community.
Oh yeah...the pizza was DELICIOUS! GO THERE.Rosa's definitely delivers on what it promises. Cheap price but good quality makes for a great value. It's legit. And I've had my fair share of pizza....at least that's what my gf tells me. Will come here often.How could you give this establishment fewer than 4 stars?? For $1 pizza and a wonderful corporate misson, I don't even care what the pizza tastes like (it was delicious, in case you were wondering). The tiny place is papered with uplifting post-it notes, and homeless Philadelphians now walk in and are able to get a free slice of pizza paid for by their fellow brothers. Everything is obviously very simple-- with only cheese, pepperoni, and mushroom pizza and soft drinks. The crust actually was really delicious and not greasy like most pizza; perhaps this means each slice was less hefty, but I didn't mind for the dollar it cost and the misson behind its cost. 
The only reason I docked a star was because the pizza slice burned my mouth ... but it might have been partially my fault as I couldn't wait to try my slide of mushroom pizza that I doused with parmesean cheese! Also I had to wait a long time for my slide because they're used to giving out plain cheese pizzas...and also I think the shop's space could be better utilized as there was almost no room to sit down.