Just in Philadelphia for a couple of hours on a Saturday afternoon -- our first visit.  Wanted outdoor seating and chose RR because the tables seated 3.  Big mistake.  We were seated at about 1pm.  Drinks came pretty quickly and the server was very nice.  We ordered a Cheese Steak, Hot Roast Pork and a Rueben all with fries.  After an hour we started asking about our lunches; at one point the servers said that our order was about 1/2 prepared.  Wait. What?  An hour+ for three sandwiches?  They said they were slammed.  We could see three open tables outside and two other tables seated after us had already received food.  Lots of "I'm sorries" from the wait staff.  We insisted on a complimentary round of drinks (which they did agree to).
When the food finally came, the Roast Pork sandwich and fries were completely cold (guess that was the half that was done on time).  The pork was fine, but the roll just average and the gravy was awful.  Fries, meh.  Cheese Steak filling looked like ground beef and was a miniscule portion in a large grinder roll.  The Rueben looked OK.
We should have checked reviews before sitting down, but it was getting late and we just wanted to catch a beer and a sandwich.We've eaten here twice, both times during off-hours. Food was fine, service friendly and attentive. We'd go back.My family was drawn into Rotten Ralph's by their good Happy Hour prices. We got appetizers and the food was fine - not great but typical. The issue came when we got our bill. The prices were all messed up and apparently our waitress had given us the wrong food. Ultimately though it was resolved.Went here after being told by the owner that they had a taco sale. We were seconds from going I the restaurant next door because of their taco sale, but this guy was rather convincing that his place "Rotten Ralph's" had great tacos for sale. 
Soon we realized that it was his sad attempt at getting someone to come and eat in his horrible eatery. 
The staff were borderline brain dead and had no knowledge of their drinks. One of us ordered a blue moon and it seemed to taste like a colt 45. 
I could tell you how horrible the food was and how old the salad must have been. I could tell you how the burger must have been a previously microwaved patty. Or I could tell you about the guacamole that came with the salad. The white guacamole. But I dot think I need to talk about how horrible the food was because it's called Rotten Ralph's.... 
We should have seen that coming. 
I think this place could be good because of the location. It's near a lot of great places.It would make a great toilet. 
Oh! And they didn't even have tacos on the menu! 
Burn itWent in with a friend for a bite to eat before doing some bar hopping. For some reason the menu to me seemed somewhat limited but I might be alone on that. It's not pricey but for the type of food they serve I feel like it's slightly over priced and in my opinion that food wasn't out of this world. It was average at best. We tipped our waitress 15% and she was slightly rude to us on the way out. Overall not a fan...there's much better places out there to spend your money.Rotten Ralph's is a perfectly fine establishment...decent beer selection, decent food, and decent prices. Not remarkable in any way, but not bad. I suppose if the Khyber is really crowded this makes a decent #2, but the Mexican Post has a better happy hour, so I guess this comes in at #3 in the neighborhood. Worth stopping by for a few drinks but I wouldn't make it a point to come here specifically.The worst meal I ever had. Server was rude, took 25 minutes to receive our meals, order was wrong, food wad cold, hardly any food on the plate. Like the name ROTTEN food.  Less than 1 star.Easily the worst meal I had in five days of eating out 2x a day in Philly.  Server recommended the pork sandwich over their cheesesteak - I thought, this is Philly, how could I go wrong with pork?  Wrong - pork was nice, roll was great, and they ruined it with canned gravy.
Drinks were nothing to write home about, and the place is basically a dive bar.  You could do so much better.  Everything here seems to be right out of the freezer or can.Old City, Philly PA
Came here once, it was a Monday night spot for karaoke! Wasn't too crowded, not too many singers initially. Yayyyyyy no lines. Appetizers ok. Im a non alcoholic so I have my usual: sprite with cherries, ( I need to think up a new non-alcoholic drink this summer when I go karaoke hopping more  because it is getting boring.) I have to admit I liked it here than some places Ive been for karaoke, for no reason at all. ;-) Slowly, one at a time, I remember all the places I've been as they show up while Im yelp-surfing. I don't remember bar names too well, if you ask me if Ive been to Rotten Ralph's, I'd tell you: never heard of it! Haha.Late night bar in old city is a must for house tequila shots and karaoke.  Great for large groups to pound light beers to last call.  You be hard to find a sober person pass midnight which means this bar is a must to stop by before you hit the bed.  Made even find someone to join you for the night.  
No short request for Garth Brooks or 80's song during karaoke.  You don't have to participate to the wonderful sounds of Philly.Good beers on draft, potentially good atmosphere, but AWFUL bartender. She tried to kick us out at 130 when the bar doesnt close till 2. She was so rude that this is the first time in my life i didn't leave a tip.The food was amazing. I got myself the 7oz Steak Burger and my girlfriend got the Cheesesteak and they were both great. Granted I will agree with a lot of comments saying the food did take a little bit of a wait but our server was very kind and friendly so we didn't mind the wait. We had a seat outside so I'm not sure what the interior was like but the atmosphere was great. All in all it was a really good time, as long as waits aren't a huge issue for you.I've been here to drink numerous times but this was my first experience with their food...
Waitress was not too attentive and seemed lost at times. I ordered one of the lunch specials which was an eggplant parm sandwich with spinach. It was HUGE and not too bad but lacked any kind of seasoning. The rest of my friends ordered chicken tenders which came only 3 to an order for over $7 (a bit steep to me).  They also charge for soda refills! (which i now only expect from high end restaurants or at least they tell you before you keep ordering)
There are better places to run to in a pinch in the area.HORRIBLE EXPERIENCE!
We were walking by today and saw that there was outdoor seating and thought it looked like a great place to grab a bite to eat, and we were terribly mistaken. We walked in and asked the bartender (an older woman) if it were okay for us to sit outside, and she just looked at us and shook her head and said "no". We were very confused, and she said she wasn't sure there were any tables for us to sit. There were visibly 3 open tables directly outside of the open windows/doors not more than 5 feet away from the bar. So we proceeded to sit down, and waited about 5 minutes to be greeted. The waitress did not tell us her name, ask how we were, but just proceeded to say "I will be right with you" as she put down the menus. 10 minutes later the bartender came out to take our drinks. We then waited about 20 minutes for the waitress to come back and ask for our food orders. No apology for taking so long, nothing. (keep in mind the place was FAR from crowded) It took about 35 minutes for us to get our food, which was mediocre at best. But then this was THE WORST PART. It was rather windy, and while we were eating the umbrella from the table next to us flew out of it's holder and hit my partner and mother, knocked over and destroyed all of our food, and the drinks all fell ALL OVER ME and my pants and shoes were soaking wet. The waitress did NOTHING TO HELP other than tell us to close the umbrella. Not a single person offered us help, napkins, or even IF WE WERE OKAY. 
I have worked in customer service and management for a while and this is inexcusably the worst experience I have ever had. When the waitress finally came back to our table after this whole ordeal, the only thing she had to say was "do you want a box for your food?". ARE YOU F*CKING KIDDING ME?! I asked for the check. She came back, without a word and left it on the table. My mother handed her her card, she took it and came back with the receipts. I asked for the managers' name and she said "there are three". I then asked for the owner, whose name apparently is Anthony. Once we got up and started walking away, the bartender than came out and said "I heard you were asking for a manager?". It was PATHETIC. 
I am disgusted with the level of service at this establishment. I have never, EVER thought about not leaving a tip for a server, but the waitress (Kaylea, as was printed on my receipt) was absolutely horrible. I would follow the many reviews I see of this place of one star and not walk, but RUN in an opposite direction of their restaurant.This is a great place for Tourists and locals. They have great bar food .  Monday nights they do a mean Kariokee.   I have walked by here every night for the last 6 years and decided to stop in a belt out a few songs. The staff was fun and it seemed like the group comes there for the Kariokee. I would recommend Ralf to locals and tourists.I have been here twice. Once for a beer before shooting pool at Buffalo Billiards and once just getting a 6 pack to go. First experience was not horrible-draft beer was ok but the place is dirty and dingy. The second experience was laughable-the bartender/manager was visibly intoxicated, was slurring her words and charged us for each beer bottle at individual bar prices. This place is a total joke designed specifically to rip off tourists.ROTTEN RALPHS IS TRULY ROTTEN
I have visited Rotten Ralph's several times in the past because I thought they always made margaritas well and I enjoyed their lobster bisque. The most recent experience however, was so dreadful that I'd never return. We came in and were pleasantly greeted. There was no room at the bar so we had to go upstairs. It was uncomfortably quiet upstairs but no biggie. We were greeted soon after we settled and our drink orders were taken. 2 margaritas and 2 waters were ordered w/o ice. The server returns with one water full of ice. We questioned it after he ran downstairs but. I could wait for my water. My friend had to move her car before 10 and we had set a 15 min timer for her to leave. That's how I knew the drinks were taking a long time. On her way out my friend stopped by the bar  to get someone's attention and to ask why it was taking so long since hardly anyone was there. She just decided to leave since she saw our drinks just starting to be made. We got our drinks at 10:03. 
While we waited for our food the server was hovering . I get that we were the only ones upstairs but where was this attention when we ordered our drinks? The food came and I had to ask for clean cutlery and my friend had to ask for ketchup for her fries. Being someone who has worked in the service industry, I feel like there are certain things you shouldn't have to ask for. He asks us, "so do you want hot sauce too?" I thought that was odd because what is the implication? We just want ketchup and clean spoons. He returns with a clean spoon and we have to remind him about the ketchup. I order a second margarita and the server comes back with a martini glass the size of a shot glass. Their glasses were already on the smaller side. I find it funny that he tried to quickly take away my friends margarita which she wasn't even done with so I wouldn't see the difference but I did and took a picture. He apologized and surprisingly quickly came back with the rest of my drink. He proceeds to do more hovering and eventually drops the bill. We payed when we were ready and the he informed us after seeing more than one method of payment that we would have to tell him how much we wanted on the cards. Why in the world would we not tell him that? We hand him the payment and I ask to speak with a manager and this is when things went downhill. 
I had every intention of paying for my meal and tipping my server accordingly. But what I didn't know was that the manager was going to add fuel to very slow burning fire. I honestly just wanted to inform him that despite such positive experiences I've had here, this was the poorest. I brought two of my friends here and as first timers they said they wouldn't return. (They had increased their prices last I had been there. I thought it was slightly unreasonable because I don't think anything about the quality had improved) I try and tell him first about how it took about 20 minutes for our drinks to come and he was immediately on the defense. He tells me that he is personally responsible for making the drinks and he knows for a fact it didn't take 20 minutes. He says "I think you know margaritas aren't the easiest drink to make. It's not a quick pour like a beer; it's a cocktail". Excuse me? I know how long it takes to make a margarita and I know a margarita is a cocktail. Mind you he tells me this after cutting me off and with a pompous attitude. I was quite shocked. So I proceed to tell him my intentions like I previously stated. (Maybe he thought I was trying to get money off the bill or something) I didn't want anything from him, I just wanted to inform him of the unusual experience so they could do something about. He wasn't getting it as he continued to be on the defense and take the stance that they were right so I was automatically wrong. I tell him sir I've already paid and he says he knows, he has my money already. It seemed to be a lost cause so I tell him that he doesn't seem to care about my opinion so he got dismissed. He threatens to call the police on me and I welcomed it. I haven't done anything wrong and we were about to leave anyway. Of course more words were exchanged and even my friends tried to chime in but you get the gist. Long story short, I left no tip, I will never return, I will constantly demote them to anyone who will hear me, the "manager" was rude, arrogant, impatient, irrational, and a poor representation of Rotten Ralph's and the reason why I will NEVER RETURN.ps. I'm sorry to the server who didn't get a tip at all but I was mad as hell for the low class treatment...and you were a bit weird.Do not eat here. Food took almost an hour to get (4 sandwiches) and the place was fairly empty. The food was very poor quality and the feud were cold. We should have known when people next to us left before getting their food because it was taking so long.This restaurant is absolutely horrendous. I went here with my family after exploring some of the cool historic sites Philly has to offer. This place was suggested after our plans to eat at the City Tavern had changed (they were not open). Upon arriving to the restaraunt, I immediately regretted it. The decor was a mix of gothic, antique and my grandma's house. It smelled so horribly of smoke, I may have contracted asthma. 
    We made our way up to the dining area on the second level. We were seated and waited about 10 minutes for a waitor or waitress to help us. When she finally made her way to our table she took our drink orders and returned shortly with our cokes. She spilt mine, apologized and then continued to clean the table - sticking her armpit in my face. This wouldn't be so bad if she wasn't wearing a skimpy strapless dress and didn't smell as though she had never heard of deodorant (talk about unappetizing).  
     We ordered our food; which included chicken parmesan, a steak burger and a grilled chicken sandwich. We waited AN HOUR or more for our food, during which I suggested plenty of times that we should leave. Also during which, a women who looked like the old witch from Snow White tried to strike up a conversation with my little sister and touched her/was very close to her and made her almost cry in fright (my sister is 9). Creepy. Just creepy. 
     When our food came, we were already having the worst dining experience we have EVER had. Spoiler alert: it didn't get better.
      My spaghetti in my chicken parm wasn't even drained and had no sauce!? When I asked for more, we were charged 75¢. My chicken was chewy and disgusting. Same goes for the grilled chicken sandwich. No one enjoyed their meals. Even the pop tasted gross which makes the fact that they charge full price for refills even worse! 
Our waitress was unattentive and made only three trips to our table. 
We paid our bill and RAN out of there. 
DO NOT EAT AT ROTTEN RALPH'S. THE NAME IS NOT CONTRADICTING, IT'S LITERAL. 
-56682838382628393 starsService was terrible, took about 20 minutes to get our drinks and another 40 for our food, which we ordered at the same time. Food was mediocre at best. Will never be coming back.This was a favorite lunch spot for me when I worked full time in Old City. Let me say this first: the service is slow. If you don't have a full hour or more to eat here, don't bother showing up, even if the place is empty.
That said, this is a great little spot to get lost in your own little world. Pub food is reasonably-priced and meets reasonable expectations for pub food. The fountain drinks seem to come out all right--no weird extra syrup or lack of syrup. This place gets crowded at night, so I've never had an alcoholic beverage here.
The service is polite and the food is decent, but this place only gets two stars because it's just.....so.......................slow. They have some vegetarian options (salads are great); there's something for everyone.Very nice bartender, very attentive. Makes pretty good drinks. Nice spot to watch a game in the early afternoon! Def would come back.Stumbled upon this place because all the other bars were closed because of a water main break. We were going to order food until we walked in and saw it was a little run down and the bathroom was disgusting. Decided to just get a beer and leave. Wasn't worth our time.Rotten is the perfect name for this place. I would never come here again. Terrible staff. Nothing worth coming back for.I used to eat at Rotten Ralph's every now and then for lunch, since I work relatively close by. They have a few decently priced lunch specials, so that usually brought us in. 
The big problem for me is that the service really is slow, which means it isn't an ideal location when you're on a set lunch break. I don't think I've ever had a truly attentive waitress, especially when I have dined upstairs.
As for the food, it's pretty standard bar fare. I do like their meatball sub, and the chicken tenders are decent. However, I can't say I ever get an urge to go there. It's more like, "yeah, I guess we can go to Rotten Ralph's".Rotten Ralphs is just OK. But what are you expected with a name like Rotten Ralphs? Decent drink specials and OK food, but not really worth a trip unless you're looking for something cheap. The environment is typical dive-bar, nothing really stand out about it. Decent service. Really just an OK place.I ate at Rotten Ralph's on Sunday, February 21, and I cannot explain how much I regret it. I can confidently say that this is absolutely one of the worst restaurants I have ever been to in my LIFE.  The experience was unsatisfactory from beginning to end and I can honestly say that I have never been so disrespected in my life as a customer.  We sat upstairs and our waitress (some girl who seemed out of it with short, mousy brown hair and an enormous attitude) was rude to begin with, then proceeded to take 10 minutes to bring our drinks and ended up messing up our order.  My sister and I specifically ordered eggplant parmesan, which the waitress must have repeated back to us 4 times.  She then brought us chicken parmesan, and as she handed it to us she said, "here's your chicken parmesan" So of course I said, "this is chicken? I ordered eggplant, remember?" and she said "I'm sorry, you're right, it's eggplant".  As a trusting customer, I took her at her word and began to eat my food, which was in fact CHICKEN! My sister was upset, but could deal.  I on the other hand am a strict vegetarian and have not eaten meat in over 10 years. Until that night. I was furious at this careless waitress and of course did not eat anything.  We then explained to the girl what she had done and asked politely for her to take the chicken parmesan's off our check.  She rudely told us  that we had to wait for her manager, who was at the store.  We waited for 10 minutes and when we couldn't wait any longer due to the fact that we had somewhere else to be and were already running late because of her mistake, we said "can you please just fix this and explain to your manager later?".  At this point, the waitress and another waitress who was standing with her became extremely inappropriate, telling us they won't help us, it's our problem, and leave if we can't wait.  This type of shocking exchange continued until the manager finally showed up a few minutes later.  He was just as rude, telling us "fine, what do you want me to do, take the chicken parms off your bill? Fine then."  As he was bombarding us with HIS rudeness, his two waitresses were standing behind him, staring us down and mouthing at my mother and sister and I the word "b****" over and over again! Obviously we were completely shocked and when we told him what they were doing, he DENIED that they would do that and said we were out of line for suggesting such a thing! He then proceeded to say to my sister and mother and I, "ladies, leave this to the men to handle (my father was there as well), you are obviously incapable of dealing".  There was no getting through to these exceptionally RUDE individuals.  I will write a negative review on every single website I can and I will call the local newspapers, and Better Business Bureau, etc.  If I could give this place negative stars I would.  Their staff is disrespectful, they are insolent and no one in their right mind should support them. Hey, at least they stay true to their name.  Rotten Ralph's is indeed employing ROTTEN employees, making for quite the ROTTEN experience.Good service but sandwich sucked. Id go elsewhere for better grub while visiting the cityI came upon Rotten Ralph's while attending a work conference.  I had my first Philly Cheese Steak  here and it was awesome!!!  Our waitress was very friendly and provided excellent customer service.Came here while I was in town for Thanksgiving for our turkey-day dinner.  I ordered a Philly cheese steak that came with thin, McDonalds-style fries.  It's a little extra for peppers and mushrooms on your sandwich, which is a little annoying, but to me well worth it.  The steak was juicy and came and came with quite a bit of provolone. The bun was of excellent quality.   I really enjoyed the Reuben as well (was able to steal a bite from my dad), which comes dripping in juice and is expertly cooked.  
Service was friendly! We didn't try the bar area but the upstairs has an interesting, small-restaurant interior, very quaint and purple.  
Good experience. It's small and nothing fancy- they serve Thanksgiving dinners that come loaded with food on the holiday, which many in my family enjoyed.  Food in the $9-13 range.Okay, super cool spot....do yourself a favor and get the mac n cheese skillet
.....omg!!! Amazing! Oh wait, gravy fries too! 
And Jessie is awesome!Poor service. Poor food. Waited 10 minutes for drinks. Wrong food order arrived. One out of three items went back. AwfulWe visited Rotten Ralph's with friends after dropping our kids off at college.  The weather was nice for a Thursday evening so we decided to sit outside which as nice and quaint.  We were abruptly approached by an older female employee who inna very nasty manner told us we could move the tables as we had done.  I joked that she must be Rotten Ralph's wife.  Anyway, waiter came and apologized and laughed it off and said we should t mind her because she's miserable to everyone.  Moving along our waitress was new but very nice.  I, being in Philadelphia, ordered a cheesesteak that was topped with cheese and fried onions.  I found the bun to be fresh and the meat/cheese ratio was perfect.  The bar, although slow, was difficult to get our beers and soda in a timely manner.  Once our meal came, drinks seemed to roll out much quicker.  The one thing that stood out to me was the fact that 90% of the food came out at the same time but one person in our group had to wait 15 minutes for her chicken Ceasar salad.  We had a similar experience with our beverages.  One person got their beer nearly 15 minutes after everyone else and the waitress was nowhere to be found.  
The food is good but they really need to brush up on their service.So myself and my friend arrived at 1 in the morning starving and we were served cheese steaks and onion rings. Delightful. Pay for what you get and know where you are when you order. I wasn't expecting the ritz Carlton. I was expecting basic bar food at 1 am that would fill me up.I stumbled into this establishment my first trip to Philly a week ago. The food was excellent and the staff was friendly and helpful. It was an excellent experience for my first time in Philly. I would recommend this establishment to anyone looking for a great atmosphere and good food. As a resident of small town NC & a gigging musician i have been to many many bar's. This one rank's among the most fun. Keep it up Rotten Ralph's!My husband and I were ending our night early, but before heading home we stopped in. It took the waitress far too long to come over and take our order. I was dissatisfied. Poor atmosphere and down vibesService was horrible, took 15 minutes for the bartender to end her conversation with a group of cougars before coming over to get our drink order. Then another 10 minutes to bring our drinks back because she got involved in yet another conversation.
It also sucked having a couple of crack heads popping in and out begging for money. It's Friday night in older city get a door man for Christ sake.Look for Brendon.  Cool bartender in the east.  Great vibes great mood. A must in Philly.I really shy away from giving negative reviews. But this place is, in my opinion, a little overrated. 
It's a dive bar that apparently doesn't know it if you look at their prices.
Cute bartenders but (and I'm sorry to say this) their personalities are a little bit cold.
I noticed that during warm weather their outdoor seating seems to be fairly popular, but I'm always a bit perplexed by that because there's really not good shade along the outdoor seating area. It always looks like the people sitting outside are sweating.Cold beer and quick service.  So much history around here.  The Liberty Bell and Liberty Square are 2 blocks from here.  Although I did t eat other than the king of liquid bread Yuengling (beer) to you novices, the food looked quite good.  This is a fun place to stop if you want to smell the history of the area.If possible to give negative stars, today's experience would have earned them. It didn't appear that anyone wanted to be working.... and our server was the conductor of the crazy train. We waited over 10 minutes to be greeted and even longer for drinks- the server "had to check" whether or not they had Pepsi or Coke products. While taking our order- instead of of writing anything down, she swung between chairs as if she was a circus act- she was. Then we waited, and waited, and waited. 1 hour and 10 minutes later and still no appetizers. We walked out after hearing the computers were down... oh and of course it was the kitchens fault we didn't get any type of service. Will NEVER be back!Do NOT go here for food, they can't even make a simple patty melt when u order a hamberger.  Al o tasted bad.
The last guy is right.  Go here for the bar or the tv's or even the hot fireplace/stove on a freezing night. 
DO not go here for food.Best cheesesteaks in Old City. Much better than Sonny's. Always received great service. Lauren is very friendly. This place is very underrated. If you are looking for a great cheesesteak, give it a try.The bartender was awesome! Ask for the Bulleit Proof! The best cocktail I ever had. Made from bourbon but you would never know it. Great place since the management changed!I was there only for a quick drink however it was a good experience.
I raised the question about the taste for a specific beer and got immediately offered a sample.
Service was fast and friendly. Nice experience was also that they showed a DVD movie and the whole bar was so focused on it.
I saw an announcement in the bar for a regular karaoke party...if I remember correctly it was Monday. A good reason to come back and learn more about this place.Spent the day exploring Philly with my husband. After a walk to Penns Landing we stopped on for a drink and lunch . Our very pregnant bartender was very attentive and our waitress was on top o things ! We ordered cheeseburgers and they were delicious and cooked to order. I'm still craving more of the cole slaw as I write this ! Only reason I can't give 5 stars is they charge you 75 cents to add lettuce or tomato to your burger ! Otherwise it was an interesting pleasant experienceNice simple bar and grill. It reminds me of the Irishman Pub in Boca Raton, Florida.  Service was decent, drinks alright, and food edible.  It was quiet and weather was awesome.Perfect Name for this establishment. Food was dissappointing, servers were bitter unhappy stupid people. The server outside was wearing a mini dress that barely covered her butt yet it was lunch time. Not to mention she was rude and unhelpful. Even if you are desperate for food, starvation is better. Stay away from this dump.I'm a regular at the Khyber Pass Pub which is next door. Anyone who is familiar with it knows it's impossible to have a conversation in there on busy nights. 
So when I have friends over and we want to talk, we head over to Rotten Ralph's and a get a table upstairs. 
I was there last night with a couple friends and the service was literally top notch. There were 4 of us from different parts of the country and all of us agreed the food was really good. 
I have been here multiple times before and the food has always been between mediocre and really good. 
This place is NEVER full even on busy weekend nights and it's a great place to meet your friends in Old City for beer, conversation or watching games or before you head on out some place else. 
I don't usually write reviews but I think the 2.5 rating is unfair. 
Maybe the food is bad at odd times of the day but I have only ever been here weekend evenings when Khyber is too full and the food is pretty good.Tonight I arrived in Philly on business and was looking to some late night food at Rotten Ralphs as I usually do when I'm in town. Well I will not be dropping another cent in this place ! I often order the mussels and always enjoyed them. Tonight they were just not good at all....they were gritty and extremely small, and many were empty. I told the barmaid and she went for the manager. This is where the problem actually began. The manager was the most arrogant and belittling jack ass  I have ever experienced ! The way he talked and treated me.....the customer.....was so unacceptable for a person of his position. I most likely would have gone back in the future........so no big deal if the food was a bit off tonight......it happens........BUT........having met the manager I will now reconsider any future visits ! Perhaps you should think twice as well...........Came here around 9pm on Mother's Day. Needless to say, there was barely anyone else there. We were the only ones in the upstairs dining room. Not much curb appeal but the upstairs dining room was charming with a corner fireplace. We ordered mussels with white wine sauce for an appetizer, and reuben & roast beef sandwiches for entrees. Mussels were very good & the bread was awesome. The bread honestly spiked my expectations for the rest of the meal. So much so that I asked for more bread, then found the extra $4 charge for breadsticks on the bill. Dipping the bread in the white wine sauce was probably the highlight of the meal, so we probably still would have bought them; however, I didn't appreciate the waiter neglecting to mention that there would be an extra charge. My Reuben was pretty good, roast beef was subpar. Fries were disappointing. Don't get the steak cut ones. Our waiter was very accommodating, but there were also no other customers in the restaurant at the time. Great prices, but seems fitting for what you get.I took my wife and daughters here for lunch.  It was conveniently located close to the ferry dock by the seaport.  We were not sure how the restaurant woukd be for children (9 and 12), but it seemed accomodating when we entered.  We sat upstairs and were immediately greeted by a pleasant waitresses.  She took our drink orders and returned relatively quickly with them.  She then took our order.  The food took about 25 minutes to get to the table.  It was simple sandwiches and chicken fingers.  My daughter complained to my wife that her chicken tasted funny....so my wife investigated and found that the chicken was undercooked.  The breading on the outside was fried and warm tonthe touch, but the meat itself was raw.  My daughter described it as cold and chewy.  We brought this to the attention of our waitress who offered to replace b the meal and remove the chicken fingers from the bill.  Her manager came up and apologized for the error and even took an additional 10% off of the bill.  The waitress appeared to be mortified and I believe that she was genuinely embarrassed.  I understand that mistakes happen and that they did provide some compensation for the error, however, undercooking chicken and serving it raw is well beyond a simple mistake.  It is a training issue in the kitchen and a health hazard.Great drinks! Came here with my bf for a quick weekend Philly trip from NYC. We stopped by for some drinks after we ate at Pat's and Geno's so we were too full to order food but from what I saw the food looked delicious so i'd definitely love to come back to try it again someday. We came for drinks happy hour and I had 2 bloody marys ($5/each) which were delicious, heavy on the horseradish which I like (so if that's not your thing you may not love it), my bf had a couple Beer & Shot combos that were $5/each which he was also a fan of.
We sat outside because the weather was lovely but we sat at this isolated table by the trash and the staircase so that was kind of awkward but the privacy was nice I guess. 
Will definitely come again!I've only ever come here for drinks.  The last time was during Pride.  We had the worst experience at Tavern on Camac -- we were completely ignored by the staff there -- so we weren't in the best of moods.
Our experience here turned things around.  The bartenders were on their game and we had a good time.  The place was super crowded, so all the bartenders could do was take orders and deliver them without conversation, but they did their jobs well.
The next time I'm in town, I'll try to check out the restaurant.Pretty disappointed by my lunch experience here. When my family and I first came to the restaurant we were not greeted so we actually left.... but we did decide to come back and give the restaurant a chance. We began to become frustrated when we sat down and had to wait for even our drink orders to be taken when we were one of the only tables at the restaurant! Eventually the lunch hour hit and the restaurant became more crowded, yet only one waitress was working....  we waited for our food for 45 minutes and were pretty disappointed to see the $10 margerhita flatbread looked like something you would stick in the oven from the frozen section at the grocery store. Not happy with the service, food, or prices..Came in for lunch and had the Cheesesteak, wasn't bad, but lacked a bit of flavor. I had a soda, and when it got low I was asked if I wanted a refill, I said "yes, thank you." When the bill arrived I thought it may have been a mistake and was double-charged for a soda. I asked the waitress (who was nice and pleasant), if this was a mistake. She replied, no we charge for refills because we have to go get them at the bar. I then asked if we sat at the bar if we would get free refills, she replied, "no." The soda is on a fountain so no bottled refills or anything like that. It's just kind of sad and disappointing that an establishment wouldn't include free refills! I mean seriously, who charges for refills anymore. While the waitress was nice, she did fail to mention that refills were not included, I do feel that she should have mentioned that. It's not downtown but if you want a good cheesesteak with good prices, good business practices, excellent and friendly waitstaff, and not price gouged on refills, then go to Monaghans in Essington.I stopped in here for a quick bite on a recent trip to Philly. It was a very late lunch. I had to order a cheesesteak; I'm in Philadelphia after all. I was totally underwhelmed. The meat was under-seasoned, practically tasteless; if not for the provolone (sorry, I don't do cheese whiz) melted on it, it would have had no taste at all. The bread was fresh, and the fries were okay. My wife had a Reuben that was pretty good. The upstairs restaurant was practically empty at that late afternoon hour, but you wouldn't know it by the complete lack of attention paid to us by the two servers who were up there busily watching the clock.Pretty terrible. Food took a really long time to arrive despite the fact that there were only a few people in the restaurant. Service was really strange... weird dude who kept apologizing but talking about how mean the kitchen staff were. Food was ok but not very good. Skip it.I never write reviews. This is actually my first one and I am writing it to advise everyone to not come here for food. As a bar it is a great place, but they can't even get "bar food" right. I came here for happy hour because they are one of few places in old city who's happy hour starts before 5. My drink of choice was a Long Island which was very good but my food was below average, it was horrible. I love mussels so I ordered those with the white sauce and I was hungry so I also ordered the chicken quesadilla. The mussels have absolutely NO flavor which is disappointing because of my love for them, but the quesadillas I couldn't even finish. It was oily falling apart and just down right bad. I wasn't expecting much based on the look of the place, but I also wasn't expecting such a horrible experience either. I can usually always finish my food or I usually always want to finish my food because I am paying for it, but these two dishes I just could not finish not did I want to no matter how hard I tried. The bartender was nice and my drinks were strong so if I was to ever go back it would only be for the drinks NOT for the food.Decent Philly cheesesteak but the service was pretty poor.Menu looked appealing when we were walking by so dexided to give em a try......our waitress was very nice (Pashien/Patience).....our appetizer was good....we orsered the Combo/Sampler: buffalo wings, onion rings, mozzarella sticks all vwry tasty.....I ordered the  bbq ribs for my meal.....and what came out looked like ribs from the Stone Age....not even sliced or appealing looking......I knew from 1st site  theyvwwre gonna be a disappointment. .....ans they were dry, tough, taste less, bbq sauce tasted water down.....IMO they wey were boiled to death, never even touched a grill and they slapped sauce on it.....I come from a Family who sold bbq/soulfood.....No cook/chef should ever send that out there kitchen to a diner and expect them to eat that let alone pay for something like this......waitress wanted to know what wasn't appealing to me.....I gave hwr the short version....I was not charged 4 the meal.....and did not want anything in its place!A dive bar old city that is a decent place to get a drink at. Came in on a Thursday to just grab a beer and this place did the job. They have tv's usually with a game on and is more low key than other bars down there. 
I had the steak wrap here which was okay. They have shoestring fries which I like and our bartender was pretty friendly. Don't expect anything special, but good for a dive bar.I had the pierogi and Mac n cheese and thought the food was decent. The service was a little slow but there is only 1 waitress so I understood. Our bill was incorrect but the waitress worked to get it fixed. I really appreciated that there were vegetarian options that weren't just a salad.By far the worst meal I've ever had. To make matters worse- the manager came out telling our group how since we ordered cheesesteaks, we don't get silverware and French onion soup takes more than twenty minutes to make. A beer took over ten minutes to be delivered. I would had given the server a break since she was new however since  the manager came out and made excuses instead of rectifying the situation- our group became more upset. We will never be back. Ever.The Philly cheese steak sandwiches are phenomenal, and I loved the salad that came with it too! 
You have to climb up a staircase to get to the eating area unless you eat at one of the few tables outside. The eating area has a big TV, and it's a bit cramped in there. Wood chairs and tables. None of the large tables were clean when we got there, but our waitress quickly cleaned ours. As a bonus, there was an outlet by our table so we tourists could charge our phones.
Friendly waitress, great food, ok eating atmosphere. I'd recommend it.Just don't go....the waitress kept delivering our food to the wrong table.  The food I ordered came out wrong.  And if you pay by creditcard they ask you for your PIN number to process.  No one should ever give out their PIN to anyone.  I do have to say shame on me because if I had known that they had 2 stars on Yelp before my family sat down I would never gone here for food.Wow!  What a vast selection on beers. Even better is a great bartender who can guide you through the 100+ beers available. What a find!The name says it all. Kind of a quirky ambiance but grumpy bartenders and ridiculously overpriced  beverages. I also got a rude snort when I asked the bartender to take a picture of myself and my boyfriend. I was one of four people sitting (attempting to enjoy) at the bar. I would not go here again although they had a fun mix of alternative, oldies and top 40 music going on.I only went in for two drinks but the bartender was very friendly and danced with us to m. JacksonI loved the old style building. We got a cheese steak and it was really good. they also have good fries. Service was fine and the place was not crowded. This is a good alternative to a chain where you can get good American style food.I went here once with my boyfriend and some friends.  It was kind of late on a weekend night, and the bar was practically empty, which I found surprising.  The bartender was nice, and the beer was okay.  Not a huge selection, but okay.  However, the bathroom was disgusting.  I'm not sure if I'd go here again. I don't have a strong opinion one way or the other.I visited here while in Philadelphia for a conference. My friends and I just happened to walk in and I'm so glad we did! The bartender that night, Stephanie, was very friendly and gave us great service! We stopped in on a Monday night and participated in Karaoke. This was very fun and added to the already friendly atmosphere! The song selection was huge! We didn't have any food because we stopped in later in the evening, but the drinks and karaoke was great!Stop in for a beer while touring the city, Service Not Good, Felt Like if you did not look like the staff you we're greeted with a cold shoulder. Bartender Spoke with an Eastern European Voice Told me to either order a beer or get out. Not a good look for the city of brotherly loveIn a great location when you're strolling down Chestnut Street wondering where to hop into for lunch or a drink. I was with a friend and neither one of us knew what we wanted, so we were just walking around in old city and stumbled upon RR. We went for lunch and it was not crowded; we were seated upstairs on the window side. I ordered the chili and cheddar with tortilla chips, which I really liked (nice hangover food ;)  The only thing was that someone was banging the fireplace doors while putting wood inside for a little while which was a little startling. However it was nice to eat somewhere quiet with a beer and cure the ills of a Saturday evening over indulgence.Stumbled into Ralphs on a whim about a week ago with a friend. We got there a bit late (we had about 45 mintues before they closed) and we just wanted to get some drinks in us because we headed home. 
First off, seeing as it seemed to advertised itself as being a dive bar, I asked if they served City Wides (a beer and a shot for around $5). Bartenders looked at me like I was bat shit insane. You're a 'dive bar' in the heart of Old City, Philadelphia and you've never even heard of a city wide? The bartender, though, asked me to explain was it was. "It's usually a can of PBR and a shot of the cheap-ish whiskey for around $5". He told me that he had both of those things and that he'd "whip one up for me". When I got the bill shortly after, I found out that he charged me $11 for something that would have cost me $5 at another other dive. When I asked him why it was so much more expensive he very proudly told me that he gave me a shot of Jameson instead of the cheapest whiskey that they offered. If I request cheap liquor, it means I'm not looking to spend a ton of money. And, if you're going to substitute cheap whiskey for something like Jameson without my knowledge, don't charge me. I was not happy. 
About 10 minutes into our visit, my friend and I were politely talking with the bartender when he randomly tells us that he has a whole handle of FIreball at his apartment in University City if we were willing to head over there with him (?). We weren't interested whatsoever and we were obvious about it, but he kept talking about us possibly going over. He even went as far to give us his address and directions. It was so weird.
Long story short, we left after half an hour cheated and really creeped out. Rotten Ralph's is no dive that I would willingly go into a second time.It's a nice place to sit outside but the food is not even worth it. Everything we had was cold, tasteless, mushy... just not really edible. I don't ever plan on returning to eat there. It's one of those places that serves food just for the sake of serving food... they just put no effort into making edible dishes.Apparently, my friend's and I insulted the bartender by playing "las mañanitas" on their jukebox -- I didn't know playing a song in Spanish, especially in such a diverse city, was so offensive. 
We paid to use the jukebox, their regular non-jukebox music was too low to even be understood or enjoyed, and there were at least 4 empty seats at the bar. However, the bartender (dark haired and light skinned, from what I remember) approached us after the song was finished to tell us we had to consume or otherwise leave because "they needed to make room for other patrons". Thankfully, I know I won't be missing out on anything worthwhile by never returning to this establishment.Came here last night as a last minute change of plans (found B-Side closed at 11:30 even though their website & Facebook said 2 with late night specials posted that day.) It was pretty quiet considering it was a rainy weeknight, but, still a pleasant experience. 
Service was good even though the bartender (a young-ish female from Africa) was new. The manager is also a pretty funny dude and made the place feel even more welcoming. It happened to be movie night so we also watched that for a bit before having to head out. 
Prices were very reasonable. 3 Apple Redds Ales, a Coke, and a provolone roast pork sandwich with a side of fries came  under $20 before tip. Will return soon.Well, they have a great cheese steak and show a variety of games, but that's about it. You would think that in an area heavily inundated with bars, they'd try to keep up. Not so much. There are no Saturday specials, even during games. Every other bar in the area has several. Annoyed when asked about specials or to see a menu. If you don't like crowds, I guess it's okay. I'd rather spend Saturday games at Mac's, Sto's, or Fox & Hound.Always enjoy Rotten Ralph's. The staff is welcoming and the food is tasty.