Very good place. It was a bit noisy at first since the tables are right against the bar. The activity at the bar was intense and loud - some had already imbibed quite a bit by the time we arrived for dinner. The food was good, the service good, and over all this was a fun place to dine.Ran into this place on a rainy Philly night and had a nice, cozy meal. The service was very relaxed and friendly. Had a wonderful glass of wine and a few small plates to share. We really liked the food and decor of this place. It was pretty evident though that the charm of this place is the outdoor seating and generally for brunch. Next time.I came here by myself for dinner and sat at the bar. This was a good choice for solo dining; plenty of small tables and bar seats, and lots of options for wines by the glass.
My food--lobster fra diavolo with housemade pasta--was delicious. I probably would have liked it just a touch spicier, but other than that it was pretty perfect; perfect portion size, plenty of lobster, and well-cooked pasta. The wines-by-the-glass list included choices starting at $10, and both of the ones I tried were tasty. The complimentary bread was a bit hard and could have benefited from a toss in the oven, but it was still tasty.
My only complaint about Rouge is how cramped and crowded it is. It was not full to capacity when I went, but it was still uncomfortable sitting at the bar and having people constantly bump me trying to negotiate the small space. If they ever decide to do a big renovation, I bet they could make this place much more ergonomic.I'm in Philadelphia for work and looking for a chill place to grab a drink or two and a bite. Found Rogue and have to say I was very impressed. I sat at the bar and the place was surprisingly busy for a weeknight. Katie behind the bar was the perfect bartender. Nice and attentive without being too familiar and made one of the best cosmos I ever had. I had the tilapia tacos which were the perfect size. Spicy but not hot. Well seasoned and just large enough. Good to split as a starter. I would definitely come back, at a minimum to have another of Katie's killer cosmos.Went here with NYE with a rather large party of 7 (large for the space) and at no fault to Rouge, we weren't seated until 25 minutes after our reservation. The party before us was enjoying their dinner and taking their time. They did offer us a cocktail while we waited, which was lovely. 
We ordered the 5 cheese platter which was lovely; great cheeses, although I have no idea what was what! 
Next was the seafood apps- calamari, escargot, and mussels. I'm not as adventurous with calamari, but I liked it. The mussels were delicious and bread was plentiful for dipping in the sauce, but I have to say the escargot with goat cheese was hands down the BEST escargot I've ever had. EVER. I told my boyfriend I wanted to come if only for wine and escargot. 
Main course was next! There were a good amount of NYE specials, but I opted for the salmon and kale. Kale was perfect, salmon was great. I also got to try one of the NYE specials of scallops and a truffle oil risotto. It. was. epic. I'm a huge fan of truffle oil and wish I could have had more. 
Over all, top notch experience and I look forward to going back, and perhaps some alfresco dining in the spring and summer!Excellent service and food was wonderful. We did not have reservations for lunch and when we walked in they assisted us in getting a table by the open window, which was very kind considering it was a perfect day and perhaps would have been filled quickly. I would return in a heartbeat! Highly recommend.I enjoy the ambiance, décor, food, & the cocktails. Rouge is right across the street from Rittenhouse Park. It is a good place to take a date or meet up with friends for some drinks & dinner. You can always sit outside, or by the bar to get a good view.
The dress code for this place is casual but, it's a more sophisticated casual. This isn't your let me throw on jeans & a t-shirt type of place. It's a bit more dressy. I can appreciate that. This place seems to target people in there 30's & 40's but, I also see people in there 20's as well. It is definetly, a more mature environment which is nice.
During my most recent visit, I ordered the cheese plate that came with 5 different types of cheeses. I loved the french bread that came right along side of it. Everything was very fresh & flavorful. Cheese plates are usually a hit or miss for me. I enjoyed mine here. It comes with jam, grapes, & slices of apple. I really like the portion sizes here as well. Not to big but, not to small either.
If you are looking for a posh, upscale yet laid back atmosphere then Rouge, is definetly the place to go.Rouge Bar Score: 21
Burger Quality: 5
Bun: 4
Fries: 4
Extras:  4
Value: 4
2 Sentence Review: Great burger...you will taste the seasoning on the fries for days.  Atmosphere is similar to my Aunt Pats dining room.
------------------------------------------- 
How does Burger Einstein's rating system work? 
- Burgers are rated across 5 categories (see below) 
- Category scores can range from 0 to 5, with 5 being "Outstanding".   
- Total score (out of 25) is determined.  Scores above 20 earn 5 Stars (rare), between 16 and 20 gets 4 stars and so on 
Burger Einstein Categories 
1. Burger Quality: Good meat or Bubba Burger? 
2. Bun: Does it compliment the burger or overwhelm it?   
3. Fries: Do I accept the guilt or compare them to my Ex 
4. Extras: Wild card.  Could range from Cheese to bourbon to atmosphere 
5. Value: Burger cost relative to smiles (heavily influenced by how much bourbon I drink)Food was awesome at this place and price was great. Just needed a better waitress to make it perfect. Took a girl there for a date and loved it.best burgers, hands down -- but don't give in to the pressures of pretense; go comfortably, yet, respectfully, and you'll have a great time!It's a fancy little place but the food wasn't outstanding.  It's decent American food (burgers, salad..) I'm in the middle on this place, It's not bad but not great.    
Price: $-$$
Service: good
Groups: groups of 5-6 max
Would I come back? not likelyStumbled upon Rouge accidentally -- walking around Philly on a beautiful day.  People were eating at the outside tables and everything looked good, so we decided to give it a try.  Service, food, decor and ambience were all a pleasant surprise.  There was no wait for an indoor  table at lunchtime, so we took it.  It's a small place with a large oval bar in the center.  Very comfortable, casual but chic.  Food was excellent - we had the Rouge salad & day boat scallops.  Very fresh, all good quality food - delicious.  Nice selection of wines by the glass.  Liked it so much we wanted to go back the following day (Saturday) for lunch .... but (this was at 2:30PM) they had only a brunch menu available and the items we remembered from the day before that we wanted to try were not available.  That was the only disappointment... but I guess it was our fault for not knowing the place -- the weekend brunch only menu is clearly outlined on their website.  Would definitely go back to Rouge next time we're in Philly.Was in Philadelphia this week on business and thought what better time to try to follow up on GQ magazine's list of "the 20 hamburgers you must eat before you die".  Rouge has #4 on the list.  So like a woman on a mission- I sought out my prey.
Rouge is charming.  A Parisian style bistro located right on the edge of Rittenhouse Square.  It was a beautiful spring day and the windows were open to the park and all the people hoping to see and be seen were at this place.  We wanted to sit outside but there were no tables large enough for our group of 5 so we ended up inside.  This was okay with us as the bar is unique with its scalloped edge and there are silk curtains hanging ceiling to floor adding to the overall ambiance of the place.  In two words- lovely and unexpected!
But enough of the frivolities- back to the burger.  The Rouge Burger is $15 and comes simply with carmelized onions and cheese.   There is leaf lettuce and tomato on the side and the pommes frites that accompany it are also quite good.  
Now this review is only based on half of the burger (I am assuming the other half was just as good!)  but this thing was HUGE!  It had to be at least a half a pound of beef!  Order it medium rare and you have a thing of beauty.  Mmmm, mmmm, It definitely belongs on this list!
Oh, we also tried to balance out our meat fetish with some salad- the arugula lunch salad was good as was the salad nicoise.  A "heads up" on the nicoise "salad"  there is no lettuce- more like a piece of grilled tuna and sliced eggs, etc.
The funniest part of the lunch was here were 5 women sitting around a table each with the biggest burger in the world in front of them and the men sitting around us in their fancy business suits were nibblin' on salads!  We got quite a chuckle from it. 
Rouge is definitely on my return list the next time I am in Philly.  Now, only 19 more burgers to go on the list!My friend with eclectic and expensive taste brought me here. Would I go back, probably not. There are much cheaper options and much better food for the price you pay here. If you want to people watch, this could be the spot for you as they have sidewalk seating.All fish dishes were excellent (halibut, tacos and shrimp dumplings!). The prices were right and the location, just perfect!  This is a very pleasant option for an early evening dinner close to Rittenhouse Square.  It can be sometimes loud, but the food will overcome the talkative guests!I have been here many times before but was disappointed with the service.  My waitress, Dena, was offensive and argumentative .  After waiting for 20 minutes for a burger, her response was it will be ready when it is ready, not what I would expect.  Any time I asked this question elsewhere, the answer was  usually I  will go check on it for you.  Once I got my food, I gave the server my card to close out.  After finishing and waiting at least 5 minutes, I needed to leave, so I went into to the bar to discover my waitress chatting up a table and greeting friends.  When I told the hostess, I needed my card, at that point Dena said I am your waitress. I know, but I gave my card when I was served, and no one returned it.  That is when she became somewhat argumentative, saying that I was still eating.  When I informed her that i was done a while ago, she still persisted in a confrontational manner in front of a large bar crowd .  The other waiters that were taking orders from the outside tables were more than attentive to their customers and made sure that they were given their food in a timely manner.Two stars for the vibe/atmosphere and attentive service. Drinks are OK but nothing too creative or special. Food is disappointing, and frankly, overrated. 
Ordered their famous burger medium rare, which came out medium well. Had a few bites and the server replaced it with an extremely rare burger -- steak tartare, anyone? I just sort of gave up and left half of it on the plate. 
My dining companion's chicken was decent. Tuna tartare appetizer was uninspired. For this we spent nearly $200. Won't go back any time soon.My friends and I came here for lunch last week. The restaurant is located right across the street from Rittenhouse Square park. It would be cool to eat outside here but it was freezing the day we went. The atmosphere in here is very posh. I ordered a glass of the less expensive chardonnay, it was good but extremely overpriced like in almost every restaurant. I ended up ordering the rouge burger and upgraded my fries to truffle fries upon our waitress's recommendation. The burger was huge, it is almost laughable that it even comes with fries. The patty looked like a giant meatball and it was difficult to eat. It was a good burger, but it didn't blow my mind and it definitely was not the best burger i've ever had. It was extremely filling and I could not even finish it. The parmesan truffle fries were delicious, although I did not end up eating most of them because the burger made me feel so stuffed. When it came time for dessert, I did not want any but my friend wanted to get something so I said I would pick at her chocolate chip bread pudding. Wow! That was amazing. Definitely the highlight of the meal. Despite being full, I ended up eating a lot of it because it was so good. Service at Rouge was top notch. Everyone we encountered gave us great service. Now the pricing was kind of a lot, the most I have ever spent on lunch. I probably would feel more okay about spending so much if I enjoyed my burger more. But, everyone I was with loved their food but me, so I guess I just picked a bad entree. If I came here again, I would try something other than the burger.OK this is also a delayed review because I last ate here in January. 
We were seated quickly and I had a delicious breakfast with a great view. At the end of our meal our waiter overheard me telling my family friends that my wallet was stolen so I was living off of free food from my grad school until my new credit card was mailed to me. He came over with a bag of bread! I felt like a homeless person but how sweet is that?!I've always thought of Rouge as a posh lounge with an award-winning burger. Little did I know that a fantastic meal can be had here, too. My Steak Tartare and Seared Tuna were really good and my friend Chris' Pan Seared Duck Breast with chorizo corn hash and morel mushrooms was excellent. I was particularly impressed with the accompanying black rice with maitake mushrooms in my tuna dish and the hash in Chris'. A top chef always cares about the side items that accompany the featured item. The flavors in each dish were very nicely done. The drinks were very good, too, not the usual jet fuel they serve to patrons sitting and drinking under the canopy. Rouge exceeded my expectations. I had doubts, but my doubts were totally obliterated.Ate lunch here with my wife during the week, we each got a burger and sat outside watching all the people walk around the street and square. A little pricey, but hey, you are paying for the experience I guess.We had a lovely lunch here last week--2 pups, my girlfriend and I.  She had the beet salad and I had the tuna salad.  Both were superb.  Cleaned our plates!  They were very accommodating with the dogs, too.  A very nice time, and a beautiful day to sit outdoors.  We will definitely return!Stumbled in here for a drink as the night was winding down and have to say it just felt like a place to be seen.  
The drinks were good for a late night cocktail spot but can't review the food.  I could sense a bit of uptight attitude from the service and the space is small but since it is in a prime location it seemed people didn't mind the enviorment just to be out and seen by others.Rouge is red hot. Decor and food rock. Burger, Mac & Cheese and Martini's are my pick.....Getting better since that horrible chef left that was there last year. His culinary contributions to this place where pitiful....and that's being kind. He seemed more concerned with standing outside than making sure the food was good. Good call getting rid of him. I understand that the chef from before is back and it shows. Even though I thought things were best at this restaurant when Zagorski was there. The service is still good, but I must say, the new managers are a far cry from Heather, who was awesome. This new guy is almost rude in his demeanor towards customers. Maybe they will bring Heather back like they did the chef. With all that said, the burger is still awesome and the cheese plate is great. If I could ask for one thing, though, is this awesome duck Reuben that they did for awhile back when the food and soups were GREAT. Bring back the Reuben!!!!!Very stylish. Nice beer list. The bread pudding was fantastic. The mussels were not. Almost NYC prices in Philadelphia.I loved this place. Even the bread and butter were delicious. Our server was incredibly helpful and sweet and the food was fantastic.  Escargot was delicious! Oh and the duck salad, holy crap!!!! So good.  Ambiance was awesome, all in all just a really great experience.My Philly go-to place for lunch. I love their burgers and their pommes frites.  I always take the other half of the burger and fries home because I can never finish the whole thing. Cute spot for a lunch/dinner date with your significant other or a brunch date with your friends (mimosas are pricey but delicious).  The only down side is that they don't take reservations, but the wait isn't usually too bad.I went here for late-night cocktails, and the ambiance was what I expected, although the bar whole place was smaller than I imagined. It was pretty crowded, so my crew had to stand in the corner near the walkway for the servers, and that got a little awkward. Obviously they were having a good night, so they happily served us despite the uncomfortable physical closeness. 
The music was random 80's Top40 hits... which was perfect for the more mature crowd and interesting vibe.
Negatives: No beer on tap, drinks are pricy, it's a little "stuffy" for me.
Pros: Awesome people watching, great Rittenhouse location, yummy martinis.
I heard I need to try the burger, so that, I will do next time.The food is good, the location is good and the service was also good. You get what you pay for at Rouge and it seems fair. I had heirloom tomato salad with mozarella cheese and my very handsome friend had the lunch portioned scallops. Both items are just enough to fill you up and the price range isn't so bad - the scallops I believe were $14 for 2pcs of medium sized scallops and moral mushrooms+asparagus and the tomato salad was $13...I think. We had a couple drinks, too. I don't know a whole a lot about wine but I drink wine occasionally and I really like their wine list. Praise Jovly Vouvray!!
The venue is pretty tiny but everything is velvet and makes you feel like you should be snobby and pretentious. So I did. :p
P.S. I know Rouge burger is big and delish but I did not get this because I could always get them at 500 degrees. ;)definitely a cool art deco spot . awesome location fun atmosphere. lunch menu is totally mediocre at best. cant speak for the dinner menu. i had the burger, bobbys burger palace is better and cheaper. calamari was weak. switched my burger with my moms duck salad and it was absolutely amazing. love the french press coffee. john our server was great, professional, friendly, and polite. management was great. cute hostess. would totally bring my girl back here for a drink and to try the dinner menu.The Eggs Benedict over Corned Beef Hash is the stuff of legends. However, the staff is obnoxious enough that i try to avoid this place at all costs. Very bad business practices. However, if you are looking for an amazing brunch Benedict be sure not to miss it but be prepared for rude service and a hefty bill.I have been curious about Rouge for a long time, I was apprehensive about trying it considering they do not take reservations, and was concerned that they would be very busy and have a long wait. However when walking past the restaurant I was delighted to see that there were several open tables. 
Upon entering the atmosphere was very luxurious and had a elegant feel to it. However it is a very small space, the hostess seated us at a table which was right adjacent to the bar area, it didn't leave much room for comfort. I inquired about the 3 open tables by the window which were open, but was told "they are spoken for". For a place that "doesn't" take reservations this was disheartening. 
We decided to stay even though the hostess seemed to have an attitude at this point. We ordered the Rouge Burger and the Gnocchi. The burger was delicious, however I think it was very overpriced. The burger ended up being $18, and the Gnocchi was delicious but also overpriced for the serving. 
The sever was very pleasant and attentive with our drinks, however disappeared when it was time to take the check. Overall, the food was good but overpriced and the hostess's attitude was unnecessary considering how many excellent restaurants there are in the area for either the same money or less. Those tables sat empty for our entire meal, and other patrons left the restaurant because they wouldn't seat them at those tables instead of packing them in like sardines. I only gave it 2 stars because the food and server was good. I used the email on the website about our seating/hostess issue and received no response. 
I won't be returning there ever again.Everything is delicious, you can't make a wrong choice. Service is great and the place is cozy. Just a tad hot!Velvet walls, handcrafted cocktails and a late night menu that includes truffle fries. How can one go wrong? 
While the rest of the street looked quiet this Friday night, Rouge was tittering owith the sounds of beautiful people and liveliness. Their late night menu serves until 1 am and includes vittles of deliciousness including $1 oysters, tuna tartare, gruyere and caramelized onion sliders. 
Service was super friendly and the food came out fast. I can't complain!One of my alltime favorite restaurants. Rouge is very close to our office, and we have probably eaten there 100 times. I like it every time. It's funny how people do the cutdown thing about the patrons -- I go most of the time in a black t-shirt and jeans (we have an agency) and that works fine with people who are in bespoke. There's a good mix at Rouge.
I agree that Tommy, the bartender, is the best. He is efficient and entertaining. The waitstaff is excellent. We went last night with some friends and I can say we had another great time sitting inside in front of the windows. 
As an added bonus: You can see a lot of Philadelphia and out-of-town glitterati at Rogue. But it's no big deal because they're there so often. What does that tell you?As a regular for over four years now, I can honestly say, without hesitation, that this establishment never disappoints.  Whether coming for a weekday lunch, late night weekend cocktail with friends, or brunch on Sundays, I have never had a single complaint.  
The staff is extremely prompt and courteous and always takes an extra several minutes to chat.  The cocktails are interesting and vary depending on the season and the menu always changes to highlight what ingredients are currently in season.  
It is a place with great integrity and sumptuous in both food and character.I visited Rouge with a friend for Sunday brunch.  The typical brunch type options on the menu weren't too enticing, so I opted for something more lunchy on the menu  and ordered the lamb burger.  The burger was huge and impossible to eat as an actual sandwich, so I ended up having to cut it up. The burger by itself was good, cooked well and juicy. The bread was soggy though, the lettuce limp and the tzaziki sauce not too flavorful.  It came with fries which were overly salty for my liking.  The mimosa was fine, but really how can you mess up a mimosa?
The service was decent but honestly I don't get the appeal of this place.  I don't mind spending a few extra bucks for a nice meal and a fancy atmosphere, but the food here does not warrant the price.   Brunch options were minimal and overpriced.   Maybe it's better for dinner and a view, if you can snag a table outside when the weather is nice.Cool place. A little small inside. The food and ambience were good. Actually it was a little too dark for my liking, but it wasn't an issue. Went here for a birthday celebration with a party of 12. Everything(Lamb meatballs and Bronzino) I had was perfectly cooked and delicious. Gotta come back for the Rouge burger.This place is classic Rittenhouse Square. Some of the best mixed drinks on the Square. Good food too. Very Frenchy decor love it!!!Food was great, burger was very tasty but extremely overrated as "best burger in Philly" (listed in the top 3 burgers on at least 5 or 6 sites including PhillyMag).  It's delicious but nowhere near the best and for $16 it's crazy overpriced. 
3 stars because Very overpriced.  My wife and I split a burger and an appetizer, and I ordered 1 glass of wine.  Bill: $64...yeah...no.  This isn't NY, need NY salaries to pay for NY burgers people.
Staff was nice but the fryer was down and we couldn't order 3 of the things we wanted and they didn't offer a discount or even suggest solid alternatives.Even though its pretenious and pricey, the food is always good and i always have a great time! ...and i always get hit on by dirty old men who buy me really expensive martinis!
Went there since i wrote this and you must try the Expresso Martini's! and yes, some dirty old man bought me them.. consistancy is key.Last night 2 friends and I ate at Rouge.  It was a perfect night to eat outside, so we did...nearly in the street...at a miniature table probably best suited to one or two.  But we also thought this was pretty funny.  Anyway I was ostensibly here for the world famous Gruyere Cheese slathered Rouge Burger.  But then I picked up the menu and everything started jumping at me...It all sounded so good!  I almost got the Herb Roasted Chicken, then the Pork Loin...then our hot waitress Jenny said she'd just come back to the table in a minute.  So I jumped back to the Burger, which is why I wanted to go to Rouge in the first place.
The Burger did not disappoint.  You almost have to dislocate your jaw to fit it in your mouth, but thats how it should be with a burger!  I could've stood for it to be SLIGHTLY rarer, but it was still mega juicy and flavorful.  The onions also didn't overpower me, which I was slightly afraid of.  My one friends veggie pasta dish looked good, but she said it was uninspired.  My other friend had 2 smaller plates, the incredibly delicious looking Seafood trio thing in a Saffron sauce and the Lobster/Shrimp Spring Rolls.  He said all was good.  
For dessert I went with the Banana Cream Pie....the Cream itself was totally awesome.  I would definitely order it again... A woman at the next table asked me if it was good as it looked, and then she ordered one of her own...then the table next to her asked her the same question and when they went to order it, it was all gone...I guess I was one of the lucky ones.  I was also lucky a car didn't jump the curb and crash into our table...maybe next time I'll eat inside.  But there will be a next time.Really good service even though I came right in the middle of the lunch rush. The staff worked really well together, kept their cool, & were friendly. Highly recommend.Rouge burger, up to the hype? It's a darn good burger and was cooked to order all the way through. The brioche bun started to fall apart with the burger's juiciness, but thankfully I was already starting to get full, so I didn't mind. The pickle was nothing special: just a somewhat smushy spear. The fries were great: crispy, plentiful, and not overly salty.
Is Rouge where I'd go if I was craving a burger? Probably not (only because I know of other places to get amazing burgers). But if I was with a group of diners who wanted interesting salads (kale with shrimp? with fried green tomatoes?), good fries, fish tacos, and other non-burger foods in a good location with good service, Rouge is definitely a solid option.This is one of my favorite places to go in Philadelphia. They have amazing food, drinks, and it is a prime spot for people watching if you choose to sit outside! Last time we came here we got the seafood tower (I can't remember what the name of it was) and it was amazing. My brother also ordered the Rouge burger (even though all three of us were so full from the tower!) and that was equally incredible. I also noticed (what looked to be) some couples on first dates--it looked to be a good choice!Rouge is one of my favorite places to eat in the Philly! I love the burger, the french onion soup, and the steak is very good as well. The place is small but the atmosphere is nice. However, after many visits, the last time that we went we had terrible service. The soup took a half hour to come out and the waitress really never came over to our table even once the food came out to check. The food was still great, so we'll go back and try again.Amazing that if you call something by a fancy name you can charge boatloads more than it's really worth.  At $16.00 my beet tartare was fantastic (beet NOT beef).  But seriously, charging as much as your famous Rouge burger?  For a couple of red beets and a quarter sized piece of cheese?
Maybe one of the best places in the city to sit and think "my god, I'm glad I'm not like these people" (in an I'm dirtier and much nicer sort've way).  This may have been b/c the table of middle aged jerks next to me (who probably all took their wedding rings off before coming in) were talking way too loudly about the interns they had last summer in a creepy Humbert Humbert sort've way.Excellent food, service, and cozy atmosphere in the heart of Rittenhouse square. Great place for a weekday dinner (first come first serve) in addition to the reputation of being an awesome brunch place. Its a small place and there's a bar area in the middle of the restaurant which I can imagine getting crowded easily as the night goes on.My twin and I used to come here during the college days at Penn.  We would come here for brunch, sit outside, share their hamburger and two glasses of wine.  
Located on the outskirts of Rittenhouse Square, Rouge is a perfect place for a date or place to spend time with your girls.  
Afterward, go for a stroll in the square or burn off that burger - shopping!!Disappointing,
The staff is s little pretentious. From the door you feel uncomfortable.  Two of the staff wore sunglasses indoor!  And one was the GM!  Yikes.  They blend in well with the parade of delusion  just outside there door. 
Food? Meh,  not interesting. My entree was not balanced and the apps were boring.  Not the best choice in that square...
Decor is amazing.This is my second dinner at Rouge and my first review of Rouge. There were four of us. We ate scallops, a burger, escargot, soup, green beans, Brussels and drinks coffee and tea. Our bill with tip touched close to $190.00. Our server was efficient but really pushed alcohol -he offered to have me spend for another glass,  my wine still had a third of a glass left. It was not what I ordered so I never finished it. The sound in the Resturant was really loud . The soup was excellent, the burger was Meh. The wait time was excessive for the food which came out at room temperature. My suggestion to you all would be if you want a drink sit at the bar, make sure you are getting what you are paying for and go somewhere else for dinner.I treat myself once a year to a burger at rouge.  it's usually the first beautiful day of the season when all the pretty girls shed their winter clothes and take a walk in rittenhouse square.  Me and my boy Phil just relax at a nice sidewalk table and enjoy the whole experience.  O, i almost forgot to mention the food.  sorry, i got caught up in reliving the scenery.  The burger is amazing.  juicy and high quality.  It's expensive but worth the treat.  One of my top five spots to get a burger.I ate at Rouge for the first time this past weekend and absolutely loved it. My friend and I ate on the patio as it was a surprisingly warm February day. I ordered the Ahi Tuna sandwich with the Parmesan truffle fries, while my friend ordered the Turkey and Brie sandwich. First, let me start off by saying the presentation of the food was beautiful and it tasted even better than it looked. I will definitely be back to try more of the different options on the menu, especially their unique cocktails. I definitely believe Rouge is a MUST if you are visiting Philadelphia.I would give this place 2.5 stars.  My main gripe about Rouge is that I feel the food is way overpriced.  Their burger is yummy but $16 is a bit much for a regular-sized burger with some fries.  The fries are tasty but you can go to Five Guys and get a huge bag of delicious fries for a fraction of the price.  I think the restaurant feels the prices are justified by the fancy decor and the outdoor seating overlooking the East side of Rittenhouse Square, but maybe next time I'll opt to sit at Parc or Devon.
I've also gone to Rouge just for drinks on a weekday night, and it was ok.  The wine selection is just alright and the bottled beers are overpriced.  I also tried the eggs benedict which was tasty but way too small.  The focaccia bread it came on was very flavorful though and the salad is always good.  I also find the type of people who are at Rouge kind of strange.  They seem to be the "nouveau rich" and you see a lot of designer bags, makeup and sugar daddies.  Perhaps this is what the restaurant is going for..?Having never been to Rouge all these years, we stopped in and it looks like a lot of regulars hang out there. We ordered the burgers and both came way over cooked and pretty much dry and flavorless, which was a shame because they looked so good when presented. A young man next to us order a burger that he sent back as it was supposed to be med rare and was well done, just like ours. Ours took too long to get to send them back.Love the ambiance of this place --- it's very cozy and dimly lit, which gives it a nice romantic feel. It's located right across the street from rittenhouse square park, which is a plus! The view of the park was especially beautiful with the Christmas decor. 
I recommend the crispy calamari, which was perfectly made and served with pieces of pickled chilli peppers that added a nice kick. I also recommend the herb roasted organic chicken and the truffle parmesan pommes frites (french fries seasoned with truffle oil and grated parmesan cheese). 
On the contrary, the pork and veal springrolls weren't great --- it was crispy but the filling wasn't anything to rave about. I had high expectations about the rouge burger but I was disappointed --- I didn't enjoy the bun, there was something off about the caramelized onions and the burger itself just lacked flavor. The chocolate chip bread pudding didn't have the consistency of a typical bread pudding. It was a bit dense so I wasn't a fan. However, the vanilla gelato that was served with the bread pudding was great.
As for cocktails, the moscow mule was delicious!Impromptu dinner at Rouge last night makes me remember why I like it so much.
We started with the tuna tartar, which is always yummy, especially with the wasabi and the chips.
My husband, of course went with the burger, which is normally my staple. I decided to get the striped bass. Not too bad. A little more seared at the top than I normally would go for, but it was still great. Dessert was the carmelized banana split. Yes, it sounds as good as it tastes! I ended up with a bill that was 50% food and 50% drinks. Had the bordeaux and malbec. Bordeaux was slightly pricey in my book, but still good.
The crowd is always a little older with cougar central after 11pm. I still enjoy the atmosphere for dinnertime though.I used to come here all the time since I live very close..this used to be my spot every time I went out with my girlfriends..I loved the drinks and the atmosphere ..that's till we met that grumpy bartender Tommy..I work in the industry so I understand that maybe you have a bad day , but with this guy is something else..I understand that you are gay and don't like women, but to treat me and my girls that way is unacceptable..I went tonite again after a long time and he rolled his eyes at me , so I spoke with the manager( which was very nice and understanding ) and I left ..if you don't like customers then you should not work in this industry..he works Tues nights so I recommend avoiding this place when he works unless you want a drink with an attitude ..very, very disappointing since I used to love coming here for drinks ..:-(Had brunch here today. It was basic. But I love to come here. The atmosphere is coZy and comfortable.It always warm in temp and the servers are very friendly.We went here for a work dinner based off of a recommendation and it did not disappoint. The burger was tired as the best in the US and I have to agree. Great bun and well seasoned burger with onions and cheese.good for a slightly (but not too) upmarket sort of meal.
portions were pretty small, but the food was good. i especially adore the seafood risotto. 
i came at night and the lighting inside was a little too dark for my liking (i like to be able to see the people i'm talking to clearly, as well as the food that i'm eating) but otherwise, come here for the food!Great spot with good people watching during the summer. We had great food and good service.I love a burger and a beer and as EVERYONE in Philly knows, this place has one of the best.  Sure it's double the price of a burger anywhere else but it's worth it.
Rather than rehash what all the other reviewers said I'll leave it at that.  kathy t has a good review that gives you the low-down on the burger scene.I enjoyed the ambiance here: the small space was dimly lit, the music really matched the laid back mood, and the seating was nice and cozy.  The drinks were particularly strong, so you will absolutely get your money's worth. This place reminds me a speakeasy. 
I thought the service could have been better--our waitress was either rushing us to order or completely ignoring us. It got better as the night wore on, but first impressions are everything. 
Note - I did not get any food here, I only got drinks.  The kitchen closes at 11p.m. so be sure to get food before if you are coming here later than that (like we did).  
I suggest that people come here as an after dinner/ late night drink spot. It's for a date or a small group (no bigger than 6 people).  
I'll definitely be back!Anyone who's anyone in Philadelphia will tell you that Philly's best burger is at Rouge.  This small Rittenhouse hot spot is often teeming with young professionals who spill out onto the sidewalk drinking cocktails and eating upscale bistro fare.  I came here last night with the BF on a whim since I was already in the neighborhood and I was craving a really good burger.
The burger, at $16, is massive: a 12oz patty topped with caramelized onions and melted gruyere, served on brioche of course, with lettuce, tomato, and a pickle on the side.  It also comes with a tall basket of pommes frites, but it's honestly not needed since the burger itself is quite filling.  Because the burger is so big, it tends to slip out of the bread quite easily upon eating (especially if you cut it in half, which is necessary to eat this thing).  But despite its massive size, the patty is incredibly juicy and flavorful.  The onions and cheese are the perfect toppings to go along with it, and everything works really well together.  
Rouge is definitely a win after having a string of so-so and mediocre burgers around town.  Is it the best burger in Philly?  I would argue that Grace Tavern's burger and fries are much better (and cheaper), but Rouge's burger is still a very very solid and tasty product.
Otherwise, the service and atmosphere at Rouge are terrific.  It's a chic vibe with friendly. attentive servers.  Definitely sit outside if you can so you can people watch on the sidewalk and across the street towards Rittenhouse Park (and because the inside is very noisy).  Overall, I would definitely return to try other items on the menu.  The food is excellent and stands up to its reputation.I recently had a hankering for a burger and ventured over to Rouge.  As most of the review suggest it was delish!  A huge burger cooked medium, with caramelized onions and Gruyere cheese....it melted in my mouth and I'm sure onto my hips!  It was a great splurge, so good that I didn't really even touch the fires of most of the bun!  Definitely worth a little extra time in the gym.Beautiful location. With a few of Rittenhouse Square. This location is a great place to relax and enjoy great cuisine on a hot summer day. I agree this place is trendy and chic. Highly recommend it.We ended up here for dinner Saturday night when our original choice had too long a wait, and I'm glad things went how they did. Sat outside because it was a beautiful night and the wait was only 10 minutes -- I was with older family and inside would probably have been too dark and noisy for them anyway. The table was hurriedly bused before we sat down; the tablecloth was soiled but our waitress immediately replaced the linen and apologized, so no harm done.
Appetizers -- dad had the escargot and seemed happy, I had the shrimp spring rolls and they were great. Just enough tang without being overseasoned. Entrees -- I had the best scallops I've ever eaten; actually cut them into small pieces to make them last longer. Tender and not at all rubbery, perfectly seasoned, huge. The risotto they were served over was okay, nothing amazing, but that's all right. Mom had a steak which she said was "like butter;" dad had fish. My white peach sangria tasted more like liquor and less like sangria but the food was so great I wouldn't begrudge them an ordinary drink. Dessert -- Creme brulee, which I have eaten all over France, and this was one of the top two I've ever had. The coffee was great as well.
Our waitress was quick, attentive, polite, and efficient; just friendly enough to be friendly without being annoying. All in all, her service was top-notch.
As far as atmosphere goes, I can't say too much since we sat on the street. It was a great people-watching location. I wouldn't hesitate to recommend this place to anyone. I may be back in Baltimore now, but I'm not kidding when I say I'm still thinking about those scallops.Rouge is a small little cafe in one of Philadelphia's best neighborhoods. It is also a great place to people watch from a sidewalk table or meet inside for a drink. 
Fried oysters were lightly battered cooked just long enough so that the oyster was not dry. Salad was crisp and refreshing. The Rouge burger is pretty big and one of my favorite burgers, one of my top three. 
Service is friendly and I found accommodating.Can someone say DOUCHEY!!!  This place sucks balls... This place looks like its typically frequented by middle aged men wearing Ed Hardy deep v-neck t-shirts.  Expect bad service and old people talking about motorcycles and wrinkled tattoos.We are used to going to Parc which is right next door however on this morning we didn't feel like waiting so we came to Rouge where there was no wait, unfortunately we figured out why there was no wait, and we will not be returning. 
The ambiance is similar to next door but not as elaborate or overwhelmingly beautiful. The view of rittenhouse is just as nice.
The food was a 3/5 overall. The table ordered a bagel, pancakes, French toast and omelette. The bagel was on par with dunkin donuts (maybe better at dunkin if ur there early).  The French toast was delicious, a strong 4. The pancakes were very moist and fluffy but not too much flavor. The omelette was dry and watery and lacking all sorts of flavor. The pressed coffee was the star of the table. 
The service, despite how good or bad the food is, is the main reason we will not be returning. The actual servers were extremely nice and therefore I feel somewhat bad writing this, but the restaurant clearly just needed to hire more staff. We waited an extremely long time for water, an even longer time for coffee, the food wait was just slow not extremely long, the wait for the bill was so long we wanted to leave and the aggravating part was that once we have our credit cards we had to wait another 15minutes to get them back and leave! 
Overall, decent enough food for a diner, not this type of place though, and we will now always wait the extra time to go down the street.Rouge is an absolute gem right on beautiful Rittenhouse Square. We were seated at a window table on a cold Saturday night and the people watching both at the bar and on the square is exquisite. But not as exquisite as the service - I know it's not possible but I felt like we had 3 servers all taking care of only us - or as exquisite as the food! We were a diverse group but could not have been more pleased with our array of yummy Korean buns, pho, burgers, truffle fries and steak frites. And the best martini I've had in a very long time. All at a price that we found remarkably reasonable. Don't hesitate. Go. Soon.Dinner here on an uncrowded Sunday night was really chill and enjoyable. You walk into the sumptuous but unstuffy dining room and think: "ahhhhhh. relax time! and why yes I think I'll have a martini." 
Server was cool. Calamari for our appetizer was the best thing about the meal and so fresh n' so clean clean tasting we got 2 of 'em. Crispy, fresh sea taste, could've used maybe a pinch more salt. 
My french onion soup (I always look forward to french onion soup) wasn't the richest tasting version I've ever had. I kept taking multiple slurps thinking, "ok, the next one will be a burst of onion-y goodness, " but sadly no. There was plenty of melted Gruyere cheese, but hadn't been crisped up under the broiler quite long enough. 
I got the famous burger that everyone raves about but surprisingly it was kinda bland,  and at 16 bucks, a little $$$ey.  It was HUGE but the patty was pretty underseasoned and the ground beef sort of had a strange consistency... I can't really describe it,  but let me put it this way: I had 2 bites where I might have bitten into some kind of gristle that found its way into the burger. Yeah, weird. Anyway, the bun was tasty and fries were REALLY nicely crisped and salted just right. I had to ask for a side of mayonnaise which is always annoying. Um, who eats their burgers plain? Yeah, no one. 
Mishaps aside, it's a relaxing place and I could see myself falling into one of the comfy booths maybe one night a week if I lived here.If you're looking for a fantastic location, great drinks, great service, and most notably, AMAZING food-- you are in the right place! Chef Sam Noh is as good as it gets. I have eaten the majority of dishes offered regularly as well as many of their constantly changing specials, and I'm always wowed. Simply, perfection. I can't say enough good things. I highly recommend a visit to Rouge, you won't be dissapointed!This was another three-four star waver situation... But our server really pushed the rating over to four..
Our server was freakin' awesome.  Super friendly, really fast, lots of good answers to questions, etc. etc.  We sat out on the sidewalk and after taking our drink and appetizer orders and noticing our dog, she said, "well my next task is to bring her some water and a treat."  A few minutes later our dog has a shiny bowl of water and an enormous dog biscuit.  Literally right behind her comes a runner with our appetizer.  We were having a late lunch so it's possible she noticed the look of starvation-induced insanity in my eye, but either way.  I was super pleased with the speed.
The appetizer -- the friend oysters -- were a little salty, but other than that, delicious.. and the little bread rolls, while cool, were nice and crusty and came with a pat of butter sprinkled with salt.  Little touches like this make me a happy girl.  
The burger... the famous famous burger... Why must hype always ruin food?
I mean, ok, it's picture perfect, so maybe it plays well in the glossy pages of a magazine.  Round, juicy, covered with bubbly gruyere cheese.. gleaming buttery brioche roll... flawless piece of butter lettuce made more green by the accompanying bright red tomato.. fries in a cute little metal cup/cage thing with paper lining... It's really gorgeous.
Unfortunately, beneath that beautiful exterior lies disappointment.  I think the extra salt that ended up in the oyster remoulade should have been in the burger patty.  We the chef's advice and went with medium rare, but that burger was far more to the side of rare than medium rare.  I love rare steak, but super rare ground beef tends to be mushy and underseasoned rare ground beef is both mushy and not particularly tasty.  All in all, the burger was lovely to look at but basically a disappointment.  Sitting out on the sidewalk is great and the details are all well attended to, but for $16 I want my beautiful burger to taste as good as it looks.  (The fries, thankfully, lived up to their pretty exterior.)  We'll probably go back to try some of the other stuff, based in part on these reviews and in part on how delightful those friend oysters were... but I probably won't get the burger again.I love this place. Seriously makes one of the top 3 burgers I've ever had, but that's not the best part -- the mac n cheese is phenomenal! I ate til my belt burst open. This place is pretty pricey, but oh so worth it!We had heard about Rouge and its much-heralded best burger in Philadelphia, so on a recent visit to Philadelphia we put it on our must-visit list.
Reading on-line reviews for Rouge, two negatives appeared frequently:  many reviewers had experienced poor service and many cited as a negative the fact that there is an obvious crowd of regulars at Rouge.  Because of Rouge's small size, several reviewers noted long waits for tables.
We encountered none of these negatives during our visit.  Our server, Tara, was superb.  She was attentive without being intrusive.  We never had to look for her once--drinks were refilled, food was brought, and empty dishes were removed all without us giving any thought to it.
There most definitely is a regular crowd there, mostly centered around the bar.  It really didn't bother us; we never felt like outsiders.  I suppose this might be as much of an issue as you want to make it.
And, perhaps because we arrived at Rouge a few minutes before 6:00 PM (having read about the long waits for tables), we had no wait for a table.  Even with the sidewalk seating, the restaurant is small so I can see how during peak times there would be a wait.
The food was excellent.  The famous Rouge burger, a hefty patty topped with carmelized onions and gruyere cheese was quite good (and for $16 it ought to be!).  As it was the only burger I ate in Philadelphia on this trip, I'll leave it to others to argue about whether it is the best in Philadelphia, but it was quite good.  The hand cut fries (or frites) were also excellent.  The menu has a lot besides the burger, and everyone in our party was quite pleased with all of the appetizers, entrees, and desserts.
Rouge isn't cheap, but if you're looking to splurge a bit on a great meal, it's a place you should consider.If this was JUST about the burger- it would be 5 stars. However my boyfriend had the burger- and as always it was incredible. I had the crab cake sandwich- it was ehhhh. So the 5 star burger and the 3 star crab cake- I'm giving it 4 stars overall.
The cocktails are stiff and gave me a surprise afternoon buzz (followed by a little drunk shopping- always awesome).
This place is great for people watching and lounging for a lazy afternoon. Check it out.Return? If I'm in the neighborhood
Atmosphere (3+) Ate on the sidewalk across from the park. Very nice
Food (4) - Split a turkey sandwich, 
Service (3) Good, not great
Cost = Total tab before tax/tip was $16