I went here on a Friday night with a group of 6. The valet was great, my father elected to pay an xtra $20 to keep the car parked out front. The server was great. It seems there were 5 or 6 people bringing us drinks or food... one downside was that the guy bringing the food out didn't know who ordered what. The shrimp were very tasty. One person had the lobster roll, which from across the table looked small-ish, but I'm comparing it to one I ate at Red's Eats in Maine recently, so maybe I should cut some slack. 
This may be listed as good for groups but with so much activity it is very noisy. Yes, we were there on a Friday night, during restaurant week, maybe I chose poorly. But our out-of-town guests were happy, what else could you want?I have to start this review with two caveats:
First, I'm from New England, so I'm picky about these sorts of things and second, I had already eaten at two Starr restaurants that weekend, and this was the "worst" of the three.  Still four stars, though.
The New England clambake was marked down to an inexplicable $35, so we had to try it.  The food itself was pretty good (though some of the clams were a bit funky, sadly), as were the oysters I ordered beforehand.  The cocktails left a little something to be desired (especially compared to Continental's), but most of all, my complaints are thus:
You do not serve a "New England clambake" then not provide any sort of hand-wiping materials.  You also do not serve lobster and fail to provide any sort of lobster cracking tools.  What is this, the wilderness?
Also, our server was rude.I only dined at Route 6 b/c it was half off lobster dishes for the month of October. Otherwise the high menu prices do not reflect the quality of the food and the lack of flavors.  This place needs seafood that's not filled with sand and a New England clam bake that's not cold ! Who serves a cold clam bake?!?  The food was mehhhhh and I could do w/o it. I've been to Route 6 b4 multiple times and it use too be good, not sure what happened.
On the other hand, Jessica our waitress was hands down the best and her busboy was rocking too! They were both sweet and very nice.  We sat outside on the picnic tables and the attentiveness of the staff was awesome!!!
All in all, I give this 3 stars which is an average of the bad sandy food and the stellar service.Once again, I love the scene set by Stephen Start and his team. The lighting and cabinets, the whitewash and airy beachside feel paint the picture for the menu before you even sit down to read it. 
I love me a specialty cocktail and Route 6 has them. The Nor'easter knocked me on my rear--laced with ginger beer, Makers Mark and lime. Amazing and fresh. I also like the Black Eyed Susan. 
The food was top notch. We shared the fried oysters (agree with other posters that there weren't enough for the price) but every bite was delish. A nice light fry. 
The smoked blue fish starter was also very good, as was the Caesar salad. 
I had the fried shrimp for dinner. It was good. Exactly what I would expect, except it sat under the warmer a bit too long. 
The dessert menu was great. We had trouble making a decision, but settled on sharing the peach and blueberry crumble with buttermilk ice cream. Highly recommended!Came here during their December Lobster Fest. During this time, Most of the lobster dishes on the menu are almost 50% off the original price. I came here with two other people and the three of us had very good experience here. I tried raw oysters for the first time here so I can't really say much about their raw bar oyster selections (though I usually go for Virginia origin oysters because they tend to be smaller than oysters from other regions). Overall, I would come here again for their lobster fest! I don't know if I will come here during their regular priced season though...Went here for half priced lobster, which curiously wasn't exactly half priced (half of 46 is 23, not 25) but close enough. Two of us split a 3 pounder lobster, lobster roll, and calamari. 
The lobster was good as expected. The lobster roll and fries were good, but frankly I preferred the one I had at Pennsylvania6 over this place. The calamari was really good. Our server was polite and the place had an interesting layout.Visited Route 6 because it is new and I love trying new restaurants. O, and to celebrate my anniversary. Originally only planned on ordering wellfleet oysters (cheaper at Route 6 than at Oyster house), but tried the restaurant week menu instead and was pleasantly surprised by the shrimp cocktail (appetizer) 1/1/4 lb lobser (entree) cream corn, twice baked potato (sides) and apple pie (dessert)...
EVERYTHING- WAS-SO-DELICIOUS!!!! 
My husband is usually not hyped up about eating out but he thought the food was wonderful!
Additionally, the service was excellent, the ambiance was romantic and the decor was beautiful. Mr. Starr was also on route and kindly offered us drinks.
I am a regular at oyster house but Route 6 definitely has the upper hand and is now my new favorite restaurant in Philly!Adorable venue, food was okay. Service was awesome.Traveled north to Route 6 for half priced lobster.  The place was packed on a Thursday night.  Luckily, one member of our group grabbed a small table by the bar, thanks Aaliyah P., and by the time everyone got there, other tables had left so everyone ended up with a seat.  Started the night during happy hour and tried a few of the cocktails.  They were all tasty.  
I had to order the lobster, but as far as bang for your buck, might be better off with the lobster roll.  It's not as pure as Luke's lobster, but it was really good and not overly dressed.  My grilled 1.5 pound lobster was delicious, but served on a huge, unnecessary plate.  The tail and claws were pretty much ready for me to eat.  There are a lot of specials during happy hour so I would probably go back for that otherwise this is a fancy occasion type dinner.  I am tempted to go back before the end of the month though for the lobster roll.I don't know why this place does not have at least 4.5 stars. 
The service here is great - they don't bother you but are very, very attentive and everyone is extremely friendly and nice. 
I ordered the mussels, a shrimp cocktail, and the coconut cake. Mussels were great, fresh and presented well. Shrimp cocktail was just OK - oysters probably would have been a better choice but I don't like oysters much. This place is really trying to be a New England seafood place (I lived in Boston for 2 years and it replicates a lot of the restaurants there) which is isn't, but it still is really, really good. 
Overall it is a little pricey, but you have to understand that any fresh seafood is going to be expensive. I would definitely come back here, it's like eating in Boston in Philadelphia. Except the service is superb compared to Boston.The entrance is inviting and the fact they offer valet parking was a plus. Not too far from Temple University Campus. The area is well lit with a sky light roof. Place looks clean, staff is very friendly (Molly was very attentive and nice).  The food was very good. I had the crab cake and it was delicious, although the coleslaw on the side was boring. The Red Snapper came out over cooked and crispy! Although, the general manger came and addressed the problem with a substitution of our choice. They do offer a full bar, which compliments the business. The dress code appeared to be very laid back. Some slacks and polo appears to be the norm. I noticed some of the staff wearing open toe sandals (strange). The dessert was also great, however they are really conservative on the ice cream (a baby scoop). Once all was said and done we had the following:
Long Island, martini, cold shrimp from bar, devil crab eggs, then we had red snapper (replaced with fried lobster), crab cake, followed by pecan pie dessert and chocolate bread pudding. The total $117.
They took the price of the snapper off the bill, now that's good management!
Not too bad if u ask me!
I recommend! this place for casual night outs!Awesome. It's like bring in a new England shore fish restaurant.  Only better. Cleaner. Tastier. Essence of new England. Steven Starr is mimicking Epcot. If the world is my oyster (and without leaving Philadelphia) this is my restaurant. 
Oysters were delightful. Surf and turf NYE special was great. Steak and lobster were both perfect. Monkfish was a hit. Deep fried Ipswich clams. (Very tasty so I'm pretty sure that's not Ipswich, UK). Wine was very reasonable and reasonably priced. All in all great.It's a nice spot for happy hour, and the decor is well done with a Maine seaside feeling.  The service is quick, and the beers on tap and the cocktails are great.
Outside of happy hour, the prices are far too much to justify a visit.
Get here, order some Nor'easters and oysters, and leave by 7pm.Kind of hard not to give this place five stars after visiting for the first time during their October 1/2 off lobster deal....yes...every lobster dish was 1/2 off the menu price. Pretty ridiculous and its actually making me go back tonight before the end of the promotion.
We had to wait a bit for our table, but that's expected with later reservations. Just enough time to sample a cocktail from the bar which were very good. The service, overall, was fine, but our waitress clearly didn't want to be working that night. We sampled pretty much all the lobster dishes - chilled half lobster with green tabasco aioli, lobster roll with crab-seasoned fries, and a 2lb lobster. We also gave the crab bombs a try which were packed with crab although I preferred them with the green tabasco aioli than the cocktail sauce they were served with. 
I have to say, I've had a lot of lobster, but this wood-grilled lobster was one of the best (if not the best) I've ever had. You can opt for the steamed lobster, but why would you? The flavor was amazing and I look forward to having it again. Definitely a great seafood spot for the city but even better when its half priced!The fried lobster tails were wonderful, the entree not so good..the dessert was great as well apple pieLove this place! I think this is the best clam chowder you can get in Philly! Also the lobster roll is perfect (not drenched in mayo) and I can't stop eating their fries. I think this is the best bang for your buck at a seafood restaurant. Route 6 is not at all stingy with the amount of clams, lobster, etc. that they put in their food. The deviled crab eggs are pretty awesome too. The dessert is good but if you feel like traveling, there are better dessert spots in the city. I also love that for occasions the staff is super accommodating, especially when it comes to cute little messages on the dessert dish like "happy birthday" or "happy anniversary." I've been here 4 times and I'll be back for more!I have been debating whether to give this place two reviews: 5 stars for the drinks/bar and 2 stars for the dining experience.  Instead, I end up with an overall review of 3 - really 3.5 if Yelp made that an option.  
Living a hop, skip and a jump away (or basically upstairs) from this place I have made my way over three different times.  Twice for dinner and once for a happy hour.  The food has always been good, but good is the best adjective I can come up with.  It is also really pricey for what you get.  The drinks, on the other hand, are fantastic and fantastically priced.  I would recommend the White Birch Route 6 ESB, brewed specially for this place and at $5 I would recommend having a few.
As with most Steven Starr creations, the interior and decor of this place is impeccable.  I am hoping to bump this review up a notch (and a star) when summer comes.  Sitting outdoors on the beachwood picnic tables, with the windows thrown open and a bucket of clams sounds like a great Philadelphia night.I really enjoyed my Route 6 experience. The inside of the restaurant is really cool. There's an open kitchen and large wood-burning oven. The bar is set up pretty nicely and I think it will be a cool spot in the summertime because there is an open-air courtyard with outdoor seating.
We had a nice waiter and really enjoyed our food.
The raw bar is awesome. The little neck clams and oysters were fresh and delicious. The lobster roll was really tasty and we enjoyed the johnny cakes. We had bread pudding for dessert, which was also really good.  
Route 6 is an exciting new addition to the neighborhood. It is a little pricier than I think it needs to be, but I really hope it does well.Mediocre at best. The prices were high for the quality of food. We paid $60 for a lobster pot that was less enticing than one we could get at Joe's Crabshack for a fraction of the price. $22 for scallops which were the worst scallops I've ever had. I went to this place in May of 2013, and since ordering the scallops there, I have not ordered them ever again anywhere. 
All in all, if you're looking for a yummy upscale seafood place with ambiance ... skip Route 6. They nailed the ambiance, but completely missed the rest!Ok, let me start off by saying that when I choose to eat in Philadelphia I usually pick a place around the center city area.  Route 6 is near Broad and Spring Garden an area where one would not expect a plethera of restaurants, but that being said I loved this place.  We chose to do valet parking; but I guess we could have found street parking.  The valet staff was friendly and professional, a class bunch of people.
Now to the restaurant.  The up front staff was great, I had reservation and we were seated within momemts of entering the restaurant.  We had a great waiter who was great.  But I digress, I had the Fisherman's Platter, an assortment of fried seafood delicacies and my wife had the lobster roll.  The place is pricey however so check out the menu and prices before you venture out.  My advice is to give this area a try, there are a few restaurants opening in the area and you don't have to worry about the crazy downtown center city parking and meters.  Route 6- great food; great staff; great place.Lauded, and at times maligned (haters gonna hate), restaurateur Stephen Starr opened Route 6 in the latter half of 2011. Following in the steps of Marc Vetri's Osteria and Alla Spina, Stephen Starr's Cape Cod-themed restaurant adds to the boom of life north of Callowhill Street. The restaurant is named after the famed highway that runs through the coastal towns of the East Coast and offers a wide variety of seafood options to tempt you with traditional shoreline cuisine.
The 150-seat restaurant even has picnic tables to add to a somewhat relaxed outdoor vibe. The inside is certainly trendy and pristine - boat shoes and navy blazers anyone? 
Stephen Starr is the master at getting his restaurants just right - even down the the minutest of details. Check out the candle holder - isn't it reminiscent of a sandy beach with a half shell on top?
Now with the lobster surplus what it is, October at Route 6 was Lobster Month! What does that entail? Half-off all lobster dishes! At such prices, it would have been a shame not to order almost everything that had lobster (we came back the following month to tackle a few 3 pounders). 
Cape Codder [$12] 
Stolichnaya Vodka, cranberry ginger compote
To start though, the GF and I ordered a pair of cocktails. She had the Cape Codder, which was not overly tart and had a subtle sweetness from the cranberry, with the ginger providing the kick. Easy drinking here! 
Nor' Easter [$10]
Maker's Mark, maple, lime, ginger beer
I had the bourbon-based tipple. The maple provided a nice counterpart to the bourbon - a mellow sweetness that was balanced by the tartness of the lime and a bit of effervescence from the ginger beer.
At this point, I was hoping for the oyster crackers and horseradish to show - essentially the 'bread service' at Route 6. No such luck on this night (perhaps they did away with it for Lobster Month). We were fine regardless, because it was on to the lobster parade! 
Chilled Half Lobster [$16 to $8]
Green tabasco aioli
We started with the chilled half lobster - essentially the GF's first taste of lobster whole. Consider her converted and my bank account proportionally diminished! The sweetness of the lobster meat was apparent here. In fact, the green tabasco aioli was superfluous - yet also genius. So simple and delicious. Not gonna lie - the fact that we knew we had the ingredients to make the aioli at home made our night.
Crispy Fried Little Lobster Tails [$22 to $11]
I would say that the crispy fried lobster tails are a must order at Route 6 (especially at these prices!). Three nicely sized tails are fried in a thick, yet crispy batter. The batter was seasoned nicely and I imagine the "famous" fried chicken at Route 6 is similarly fried. The tails were slightly overcooked but were still nicely succulent and sweet. The aioli made a reappearance and we had no problem dunking these tails in the liquid gold (move along Velveeta).
Lobster Roll [$24 to $12]
Fries
We couldn't leave Route 6 without trying their take on the lobster roll. This was a classic take on this oft-enjoyed dish. It seems small at first, but there is a ton of fresh lobster meat on the buttery bun. Not overly dressed in mayo and lightly sprinkled with herbs, this is how it should be done. The fries were seasoned in some Old Bay and were, for the most part, nicely crispy (there were a few stray limp ones here and there). 
New England Clam Bake for 2 [$55 to $27.50]
1 1/2 lb lobster, steam clams, mussels, sausage, potatoes, corn on the cob
The lobsters at Route 6 are prepared in two ways - classically steamed and wood-grilled. The latter imparts a sweetness from the cherry wood and some smoke as well. But I saved that for the following month. On this night, I went for the New England Clam Bake. Yes, it was for 2 and I ate it for one - go big or go home, right? The mussels were plump, the clams were succulent and briny, and the sausage was slightly spicy, offering a hefty counterpoint to these delicate bivalves. And the lobster - sweet, succulent - perfect to dunk in the drawn butter. The corn on the cob was a nice clam-bake-esque touch, though I didn't particularly enjoy the potatoes - a bit too starchy and almost underdone for my taste.
The hot towels and lemons (spritz/rub on your hands for you novices) at the end of the meal are a nice touch. A great way to do away with the inevitable mess on your fingers. 
Our server Christina was incredibly friendly and certainly informative - typical of Stephen Starr's restaurants whether it's El Vez, Butcher and Singer, or Continental Restaurant (of course, there are a million others). Still, when the prices are not half off - it seems a bit steep, even with the Starr upcharge. I can definitely see myself coming back here for the raw bar and perhaps to try the fried chicken, but the 3 pound lobster will likely have to wait until Lobster Month come by again.My husband and I and our friends went here Friday night for my birthday.  We loved the atmosphere and the whole look of the place.  The food was great and we especially loved the Blue Point oysters.  Great gazpacho soup and great wines.  We will definitely go back again.  I'm happy that area is changing around with the beginning of a new restaurant row.As we waited for service, I got to wondering, was the service here very slow, or was I just too used to smaller places that try to turn their tables as fast as possible. Our waiter wasn't ignoring us by any means, but it took multiple visits from him to order drinks and food. The staff was universally friendly, but the pace was just a little bit to leisurely at the beginning.
We had an early reservation on mothers day weekend, and the restaurant wasn't too crowded when we got there. Our party of 5 was seated in a booth of a side room that was almost empty, but gradually filled in. It's a nice mix of rustic seaside elements and industrial loft heritage.
Before we ordered they brought out glasses of water and a small jar of oyster crackers and horseradish. I split a bottle of Pinot Grigio with the ladies, and my brothers each chose beer. We started with an excellent fried calimari, albeit small to split between 5. We also added a side of asparagus for the meal, sides are prepared for the table, to supplement the standalone entrées.
For the entrée, I chose the Salmon steak, but apparently the waiter thought I asked for scallops, but to his credit rectified it quickly and politely, leaving the extra scallops order for the table. The scallops were quite good, and the addition of calimari to that dish helps it feel like a worthwhile entrée in a way scallops alone rarely do.
The Salmon was perfectly cooked atop a cedar plank, and came with earthy mix of root vegetables in a vinaigrette. My Mom picket the crab cakes, and said they were the best she'd ever had. My Brother's Fiancée chose to get the Lobster Bake, in which the lobster is accompanied by a pot of clams, mussels, sausage, potatoes, onions, and corn on the cob. It would probably be a good dish to split between two, in the end she ended up sharing much of the pot with the rest of the table.
I definitely hope to get back there for the impressive raw bar. The service was top notch, and it's definitely one of the best seafood options in town.I came here for the first time a couple of weeks ago to celebrate a family member's b day. 
It was amazing, delicious, and the service was great. I fully enjoyed my dinner here and I recommend it to anyone. 
The salads, the raw bar, and those fried oysters, are just great. yum. I had their special of smoke cod over a spicy red sauce, breath taking. 
I guess some of the bad reviews are written because it's hard for a restaurant to get it right when they first open; you should try it at least once, give it a shot. Especially if you love seafood. 
The prices are expensive but it's a seafood restaurant; what do you expect? Seafood is a commodity and it is expensive to buy it when caught sustainably and legally. 
I would come back here again! Thank you staff of Route 6, you are doing a great job.I am updating my review on Route 6 because I had an absolutely great experience there last night during the Yelp Elite event. The staff was super attentive and friendly, from the woman who took our jackets, to the guy who was quick to get my drink order,  the service was great.
The food was what really convinced me to update my review. When I was here before for dinner I only got to try a few things. Last night we received a nice menu sampling and I couldn't have been more pleased with the spread. The Oysters were delicious- both raw and fried. The lobster role was better than I remembered and the crab dip was probably some of the best I've had. Of course I snuck a few old bay fries and enjoyed them as well.
The signature drink was fantastic as well. It was called The Dennis (after a part of Cape Cods shoreline) and consisted of Grey Goose Citron, Lime Juice, Triple Sec, and fresh (very fresh!) blueberries.  I will definitely try replicate this at home. It was on the sweeter side but it went perfectly with the seafood.
I still can't bring myself to give Route 6 five stars because it's a bit too pricey for what you get (yes, even for seafood) but I wanted to let the Yelp community know what awesome food and service they have. As I said in my first review, the decor is spot on and really makes you feel like you're "down on the Cape".Having lived in Boston for 5 years and taking a few trips down Route 6 to Cape Cod I have to say that this place NAILED the decor (to be expected of a Steven Starr restaurant).  The service was impeccable and the food was very good.
We started out with the Oysters and they were absolutely perfect. We selected 6 different oysters from around the US & Canada and enjoyed the variety immensely!
I had the Lobster Roll which was perfect but very small for the price.
All in all a good place for special occasions or if you are looking for some quality seafood in a great atmosphere. Not a regular spot for me but a place I look forward to returning to!We stopped in for drinks the first Saturday they were open. Be prepared to drop some coin. One of their specialty drinks and one Manhattan came to around $23 before tax. And the young bar tender didn't come close to filling my glass. In fact, I could see her poor some of both drinks down the drain. We also asked her about the origin of the name Route 6. She proudly explained that it's the highway that runs from Maine to Cape May. Uh...No. That would be U.S. 9. She didn't want to believe me. She later came back and told us that Route 6 was a highway in New Hampshire. The following day a freind confirmed my suspcision that the named referred to U.S. 6, which I didn't know ends in Provincetown on Cape Cod.  Anywho...
We looked at the menu and asked about the soft shell clams. Another employee behind the bar made them sound like they were clams deep fried in the shell. When we came back to eat several days later, we ordred them only to be served a basket of battered, deep fried clam strips. Not at all like they were described. The smoked blue fish dip was disappointing.  On the bland side, and I love blue fish.  My big eye tuna special was just o.k., but not memorable. Again, not all that much flavor. My DC had one of the grilled fish dinners (black sea bass I think) and enjoyed it.
Overall, nothing here grabbed me enough to make me excited about coming back. It was also noisy and it wasn't even that crowded. I don't find a noisy dining experience to be pleasant.Staff was enthusiastic, but prices aren't great and selection isn't impressive.  Seafood isn't really why you come the Philly, but this is a good option and easy to drive to.The service was so bad that it ruined our evening.  Actually, I can't even say that.  Our waitress was wonderful.  It's the bus boy who stalked (not kidding) our table and harassed us that ruined it.  Snide comments, rude remarks, butting into our conversation.  He was downright creepy.
The starters were very good: oysters and fried lobster tails.
Entrees were only so-so and overpriced.  My date had the seafood boil and it had one piece of each type of seafood, all very tiny, for $25. It tasted like tomato soup with a shrimp on top.    
The cocktails were very good, though and the decor is nice too.  
I'll consider giving this place another shot in a few months because there's no way that person will still have a job there.  Hopefully by then the menu will be a little better.I had been meaning to check out Route 6 for dinner ever since I attended that awesome yelp elite event a while back, and Lobster Month was just the excuse I needed to do so! For the month of October, all lobster dishes are half price.  I started out with some clam chowder (tasty), then my bf and I split the fried lobster tails (if you come here you MUST get these).  I then went for a whole grilled lobster (it IS lobster month afterall) and a slice of coconut custard pie.  The pie was decadently rich and delicious.  I ordered it meaning to have it all to myself but it's really more of a sharing dessert. I had to admit defeat and reluctantly let my dining partner have some of it. 
Our server was super sweet and friendly and the food came out in a well timed manner. I love the 'industrial loft meets quaint shore house' decor. My one complaint: the hostesses. What is up with the surly hostesses? I noticed this first at the yelp event, then again last night.  
Even with the lobster discounts our bill was a bit steep. Be prepared to spend some money if you dine here, but I think it's worth the splurge!Very cool aesthetic inside and the menu had a lot of options. I had the lobster roll, which was underwhelming given the price, but I still enjoyed the experience. This restaurant is one of a few in a developing pocket on north Broad. Hoping for more trendy places like this in that area.Had a great experience at Route 6 last week.  The place is nice inside, big feeling in some areas and cozy (with a fireplace) in others.  The food is quite good.  Definitely try the fried steamers app.  Steamers are different than Jersey little necks, great.  The smoked bluefish dip is another good choice, served with tremendous bagel chips.  Oh, yeah, and the oyster crackers on the table are even good and house made.  Lobster roll is very meaty, maybe a tad bit too much mayo.  The scallop entree has a tart, buttery sauce that is not to be missed.  Bread pudding is good, but the banana ice cream they serve with it is excellent.
My only complaints:  
- prices are too high
- they aren't open for lunch...this would be a fabulous lunch and brunch spotOctober was Lobster Month at Route 6 and all lobster dishes were 1/2 price. Route 6 has extended their lobster specials for the month of November. For November, Lobster month is advertised as almost 1/2 price. I went last night, November 1st, to check it out. Well, my cold 1/2 lobster cocktail was 9.50 (versus 16.00), my crispy fried little lobster tails were 15.00 (versus 22.00), and my 3lb wood grilled lobster was 35.00 (versus 64.00).  Each dish was perfectly prepared and delicious - overcooking a lobster is a sacriledge (I am originally from Massachusetts) and Route 6 does not overcook them. So by all means go.  If you have dining companions that do not do lobster ...no worries...plenty of other seafood choices plus chicken and filet mignon are on the menu.I like the setup of this place. Parking is a b*tch tho. 
Staff was very friendly. They did not seem to have the most extensive cocktail list but server was at least able to point me to the sweetest drink on the  list (I do like my sweet drinks).
I forgot what I ordered..but it was seafood (haha). I think maybe Blue fish?  For apps, I got the deviled eggs (I do love me some deviled eggs). Which was tasty, my friend got something else that I can't recall.
Sorry..I was here a month ago.
The only downside is that the lack of sides...you have to order this separately. 
My seafood is fresh tasting. 
I don't know if I will be back because it's just $$$ for the basic meal that we got. If we had ordered 2 drinks plus apps, I am sure our meal would have easily doubled in price which shouldn't necessarily be the case. 
If someone was is treating me to a meal, I prob would be back. I would still recommend for seafood lovers who are willing to try out a new placThis was my first time at this restaurant, and I absolutely loved it - from the New England vibe, the delicious food, and the awesomeness of both the server (Matt) and the General Manager (Bethany). Bethany circulated around the restaurant to talk to patrons, and you could see that she changed a casual meal into a great dining experience for everyone she spoke with. She made it so much more special. It's that old-school, tried and true customer service thing that she keeps alive. Refreshing.
We started with crab deviled eggs. Just when you thought simple deviled eggs couldn't get any better, this place adds some crab. Deviled eggs + crab = perfection. For appetizers, we enjoyed fried calamari and grilled octopus. The lobster bisque was buttery, rich, and smooth with nice chunks of lobster. Did we get the fried lobster tails? Of course. Was it worth it? Hell yes, it was. My friend got the crab cake and I got the seafood stew. Both tasted fresh and flavorful. The food was beautifully plated.
As with every Stephen Starr restaurant, this place is yet another home run. Garces vs Starr...Starr wins every time.Loved everything. Had the crab deviled eggs, bluefish dip with awesome house-made bagel chips, mussels, and split the lobster roll with yummy old bay fries. Sure the lobster roll is not huge and it's $26, but, it's really, really good. Sat in the lounge, although insanely hot out, so glad the AC wasn't on 30. Ambience fantastic and service was stellar. Brian was attentive and funny, not over-bearing, had a great rapport with everyone in the lounge. We'll be back!Service was excellent, the food is overrated. We got served raw fried chicken... WTF, really? You can't cook fried chicken ? Wow. I prefer Red LobsterA delicious welcomed addiition to the neighborhood. It is easy to drive right by Route 6 and not notice it, but the dancing neon crab out front will eventually catch your attention, and when you decide to dine there, you won't be dissapointed.  We decided to go at the last minute on a friday, the outside area and overall construction of the building was nice, as was the valet. (not complimentary)
Once inside we were told that the wait would be approximately 30 minutes, but we were able to get a nice corner in the bar "first-available" area, and it was comfy.
We began with the chicken fried lobster, delicious and sweet, and I'm not really a fan of lobster and the salt baked shrimp which were large and equally yummy.
I had a salad for my entree and my date had the bass, which was nice and moist.  The apple pie dessert was ok, but the ice cream was great, our overall dining expierence was wonderful and we will definitely be back to try out other items on the menu.Great concept, however the food for dinner was just okay; absolutely nothing special might I say. I recommend the oyster house for some good seafood in Philadelphia than Route 6. It's a shame because they are really trying to revitalize the area and this place for dinner was just blah.. I'd rather make this stuff at home than spend that amount of money...Was downtown working for a change, and thought I'd catch Happy Hour here. I love the idea of A Buck A Shuck at the oyster house, but it's usually pretty packed on Samson Street, so it was time to scout a new place to get my half shell on.
First off, I have to say parking in the area was free and easy to find. I left my car up on Fairmount St. When I walked in the door at 5:30 there was no seating at the bar itself, but plenty of space left in the bar area at the comfy chairs and tables. That's a major plus as well. So of course I took advantage of their Buck A Shuck Happy Hour. The oysters were fresh and well shucked. I also had a few items off the bar menu like hush puppies and the bluefish dip. Both were a nice compliment to our giant platter of oysters, and I would recommend both, it was a unique presentation of the bluefish with fresh grated horse radish on top, and the hush puppies were almost of a fresh hot donut consistency, with no corn kernels in them (which I hate) like some places do.
I will back for some more Happy Hours, but I also want to try their regular menu. I think it will be good.
I also have to give props to our waiter. He was friendly, knowledgeable and efficient.Well, even though our first-time visit was during Restaurant Week, our timing couldn't have been better: Stephen Starr himself was sitting at the table right next to us, and ergo the service could not have been more perfect. 
The ambiance was a little less overly-contrived than a lot of his other places, but we liked it - kind of like Shabby Chic meets seafood restaurant with white washed, distressed cabinets everywhere filled with hurricane lamps and seashell collections. 
As mentioned, the service was amazing - and, the food was too. I stuck to the restaurant week menu, but both of my companions ordered off the regular menu. The fried oysters, shrimp cocktail, and chopped salad were all amazing. For our entrees we all got various forms of lobster, prepared in the recommended wood-grilled style, and it was phenomenal. Even though the side dishes - roasted potatoes, twice-baked potatoes, creamed corn, and some sort of grit special - were all delicious, it was hard to give up valuable stomach space on anything that wasn't lobster. (The steaming hot wash-clothes and lemon slices handed out after-wards to remove any buttery mess from our lobster-ripping paws was an appreciated gesture.) For dessert everyone got something different, and not  a speck was left of any of them; the creamsicle ice-cream float, the hot apple pie a la mode, and the chocolate bread pudding (amazing!!!) were all forced into our bodies, despite the fact that we were all stuffed. 
This was a really fun, low-key albeit stylish place, that we are looking forward to returning to. (The outside picnic bench filled eating area looks like it will be really fun to visit when the weather is nice again.) Plus, it's nice to see this area of Philadelphia hopefully improved by the presence of a restaurant like this.After a recent super awesome yelp event hosted here a few months ago, I knew I had to try Route 6 as a paying customer.  The first thing I noticed upon entering is the lovely ambiance.  The outdoor seating area is very cute, and the inside is simple and beautiful.  It reminded me of some finer seafood establishments I have eaten in in San Francisco.  
Once i sat down, of course i looked right to the beer & wine list, and found them to be very thorough and varied.  i also remember from the event that they have some delicious cocktails as well. Our waiter was wonderful and made some great suggestions as to what to eat.  Following one such suggestion I ordered the seafood stew, and was not disappointed.  Going back to my San Fran experience, it reminded me of the cioppino from Cioppino's...obviously pretty delicious! The scallop in the stew was the best one I've ever had.
I'm not at all a fan of raw stuff, but they had a huge selection of raw oysters, and it seems that many other dining patrons were enjoying them.
Route 6 is a phenomenal seafood restaurant in an area where they are pretty lacking...and I will certainly be back!The devilled eggs and blue fish dip over hyped for sure.  I thought they were just ok.   Oysters were fabulous!!  If I ever come again I would come for happy hour and eat oysters at the bar.  i opted for the wood grilled lobster and i should have gotten it steamed instead.  Not that it was bad but I should have know that grilled makes for a tougher lobster.  It was good quality though and i would order again steamed !  One thing about Star he never skimps out on quality.  Decent experience but i would stick with oysters and lobster.  My friend had shrimp scampi and the sauce was excellent!Came in for dinner with friends on a Friday night.  Great raw bar selections.  Delicious drinks, and dinner was good.  I had the Tile Fish which was an off menu special of the day.  Cooked well, and all sides were delicious.  Would recommend for seafood in Philadelphia.  Prices were high, but everything I had was great.Most disappointing dining experience in a while. Had heard great things and was excited coming in but left disappointed. 
Crab bombs to start were good, mini fried crab balls with good amount of meat. 
Entrees... Different story. Salmon was presented skin side up... With the sauce all over the skin. Had to manually reapply to the meat side. Was also over cooked and not flaky. Not recommended. 
The lobster roll was very tough, hard to eat. Even removed from the roll the lobster was too tough to tear apart or cut. 
Atmosphere and service were good, luckily we had a reservation and did not have to wait the 2 hours to get a table. Would have made the experience even worse.
Definitely won't be back here with the price and quality, much better options out there.After my review I was contacted by someone from Route 6 (pardon me for not knowing his title but I'm not near the paper) Anyway he wanted to know what occurred  
on my last visit to Route 6 and invited me to try them again.  I plan on going them another try if for nothing for their fabulous customer service!My girl and I agreed that we would be glad to go back to Route 6 and I'm sure we'll eventually get around to it.  The bottom line is that the restaurant is good but I don't think we really experienced anything during our dinner that would put the place in the "special" category.
The dining area is very big but somehow it manages to come off as cozy.  We started off at a small table in the bar area and enjoyed a well made cocktail before being seated at our reserved space in the dining room.  The service at both the lounge area and the dining room was very good throughout the evening.
Once seated for dinner, girlfriend and I split 8 oysters from the raw bar and, in keeping with Cape Cod tradition, an order of the Fried Ipswich Clams.  The appetizers were fine and tasty and I pushed the envelope a bit by adding a bowl of the chowder.  The chowder, like the two other plates, was just fine.
The mood was comfortably loud and festive throughout the restaurant as it came time for our entrees.  I went with the crab imperial stuffed flounder served with a side of sauteed spinach.  Perhaps not the most inspired order but it was a nice piece of fish with the stuffing being, thankfully, a lot of crab with no filler.  Fresh and tasty.
If there was a bit of a downer to the evening, it was happening with my lady on the other side of the table.  She couldn't resist temptation and ordered one of her favorites, Fried Chicken.  What was missed was that the menu did in fact note that this dish was served boneless.  What was served was nothing more that a dish of chicken fingers.  Not very good and we both wondered why such a menu item would even be offered in a fine dining establishment.  In my girl's words " a restaurant sin " and I can't help but agree with her.
We also ordered the special Rock Shrimp Mac & Cheese to share during dinner.  Stay away from it!  There were some decent chunks of shrimp but the dish was so salty that it made it impossible to enjoy.
For dessert we shared a run of the mill Apple Pie and Vanilla Ice Cream.  Nothing special.
I think Route 6 is probably best for a couple who wants to feed a seafood craving while having a few drinks at the bar or for a larger group of friends who want to throw back a few beers at a big table while sampling a bunch of seafood in the dining room.  It's just that kind of place.  They're not breaking any new ground in terms of cuisine but there is still enough here to like.  A-OK!Ambiance is great!!! Has a rustic romantic feel.... Good for a dates or groups. Food was so fresh and delicious. Stuffed flounder recommended... And totally Affordable prices for Steve starr!!! Definitely going backClassic Starr restaurant.....great ambiance, overpriced menu, and mediocre-at-best food.
If you are looking for a great seafood/oyster bar restaurant, go to Oyster House (15th and Sansom).Menu changed at Route 6 and made a great restaurant even better. New appetizer Calamari are crisp, delicate and come with a great red dipping sauce. Whole line of reasonably priced "wood-fired" entrees where you get to choose two sides. The shrimp were perfection. I had a hard time deciding between the sides but very much enjoyed the rice and Cole slaw. The whoopie pies remain the bomb!Went for the half price lobster mania, what a treat.  We both started with a cup of clam chowder, if we knew it was going to be so good we would have had the bowl instead.  My wife ordered the two pound lobster and I had the three pounder.  Both were cooked to perfection, with the shells cracked for a less messy dinner.  Saved room for dessert, the apple and pecan pies were very good.  Good service, excellent cocktails and an enjoyable evening out.It feels very fresh and clean here. We sat at the countertop next to the kitchen. Love. The food was not average. It was so good!   Oysters were yumz, forget which I had. Lol. I'm not ashamed to say, it was one of many first for me. Next time I'll take note. Keyword, next time. I will certainly go here again. Oh, and great customer service; always important!You know what I love? 
Oyster crackers.
You know why I love Route 6?
Because their bread service consists of GIANT oyster crackers that are fat, salty and quintessentially oyster-crackery and don't make your mouth feel like a desert. 
Oh yeah, and they serve horseradish to spread on your oversized oyster crackers.Food was fantastic, service started out a little shaky but finished well.The neon crab drew me in but also turned me off.  Inside was a bustling crowd and the decor was refreshing.  The customer service was very good and the food was pretty good.
I went with the specials, scallop & lobster boudin as an appetizer and a whole grilled snapper as my entree. My friend ordered monkfish and brussel sprouts.  We shared Johnny Cakes that were just ok but the accompanying condiment was very good.  We also had the surprisingly delicious blue fish dip.
I think I may have found a place to visit when I want fresh, line caught seafood and a casual atmosphere.I went here to eat with my sister during happy hour.  The mistake we made was sitting in the happy hour section with the small round tables.  We actually decided to order from the actual menu instead and it was very tight since the tables are small.  Our waiter was very nice and did a great job serving us.  I had the bowl of seafood bisque soup.  The soup was ok considering I lived near New Orleans and they have the most delicious seafood bisque.  I am used to having more chunks of seafood in the soup. The soup was too watered down for me.  Their bowl of soup portion is rather large so I could not finish it.  I should have ordered the cup instead.  I had the fried oyster Po boy which I thought was rather small for the price.  Once again I've had better.  The reason I am giving this place 4 stars is because truly I came for their raw oysters.  It was absolutely amazing.  They were plump and so sweet.  I ate a dozen just by myself and truly could've eaten more if I didn't order the soup and sandwich.  I also loved their homemade chips.  I will definitely be back for the raw oysters and chips.1. Miscommunication while seating and another hostess sat us down where we were supposed to sit 
2. Waiter forgot about my beer 
3. My friend ordered a 3lb grilled lobster and it came out steamed when we ordered grilled
We still had a great time because the lobster prices during lobster month could not be beat and the food was tasty. The restaurant is also very cute. However I'm giving this 3 stars because I would have been annoyed and pissed if I were paying regular price for subpar service.If you love seafood, you'll be thrilled with this restaurant. My husband and I took advantage of discounted prices on Lobsters. We both had 2lb. lobsters which melted in your mouth. Our appetizers were the peel and eat shrimp which were uniquely seasoned and New England clam chowder. We finished up our meal with chocolate bread pudding--delicious (and I don't normally like bread pudding.) Route 6 is very expensive but good seafood always is pricey. The atmosphere is very comfortable and the service was excellent. There is no parking in the area so be prepared to pay for valet.Big disappointment! Tiny lobster rolls for $26, tiny fried oysters on a dab of tartar sauce as an appetizer for $16. The chicken fried lobster appetizer was very good for $24. I should have ordered three of those. The bread pudding dessert was some redemption but after spending $150 for 2 and leaving unsatisfied I can't say I would return. Too bad.I came here for the first time with some friends for restaurant week.  I was a bit early and sat at the car while i waited for the rest of my party to arrive.  The bartended John greeted me and gave me a menu.  They didn't have the beer I wanted and so John recommended something and he was spot on with what I wanted.  After about 15minutes, the rest of my part arrived and we were seated at our table.  Laura was our waitress and she was very nice and attentive to our needs and dining experience.  We had ordered the shrimp and grits along with the clam chowder, both of which were fantastic.  I would definitely recommend the two.  The lobster was pre-cracked which made eating it very easy.  To finish off our meal, the banana bread pudding was sweet yet not tooth aching.  I plan to visit this place more often.  The staff is friendly and the environment comfortable and inviting.  This is definitely one of my new seafood place!I went here for Happy Hour and sat outside at one of the picnic tables since we were experiencing one of those rare days in Philly when the weather was near perfect.  Nice atmosphere and ambiance especially when you're with friends.  We had $1 oysters which were probably one of the best items on the HH menu and comes close to the $1 oysters at the Oyster House.  The  crab devils eggs were also very tasty.  Everything else seemed to be fried-- french fries, hush puppies, calamari, etc.  Overall a nice diversion from the usually center city happy hour joints with okay food and mediocre service.I have to agree with the other reviewers, the staff is amateur and inexperienced for the most part, like you'd find at Dairy Queen or TGI Fridays, however the pricing is above family dining.     The Seafood is just ok, I had some little necks and middle necks too, and while small, they were tasty and sweet.    The crab cake I had was mediocre at best, and the gazpacho was like vegetable juice from your blender with little texture or flavor.   The highlight of our meal where the maple corn/jalapeño fritters, they were incredible and we reordered these.  The bartender was very junior, and was unprepared (we arrived there late in the afternoon on a Sunday).    So all in all, not terrible but nothing to rave about either; the fritters added a point to my review and I'd add another rating point if the prices dropped by 50%.Food quality - 4 or 5 stars
Ambiance - 4 stars
Service - 2 stars, surprising for steven starr restaurant
Value - 2 stars
Coming from someone who spends the summer in Cape Cod, I was very excited to experience a newly (sort of) opened Stephan Starr restaurant.  Called on a friday morning for night time reservations for 2 - they only had 2 options, 6:45 and 10:30, so call early if you want reservations.  When I called, hostess asked "is it a special occasion?" - Indeed it was, my girlfriends birthday!, so the hostess said she would make sure to tell the waiter.
So we get there, and the decor is amazing - as with all Stephan Starr restaurants.  Located on Broad Street, it is not in the best part of Philly, especially compared to other restaurants of his, but it was like a oasis from the urban landscape just outside the restaurant.  
Reservation was for 2, but they sat us at a 4 person table - which was nice.  Had a very nice wine and beer list, split a bottle of wine.  Server came and gave us the run down on specials, and a sheet of paper with a pencil for ordering from the raw bar, but did not really explain the ordering process.  
So we split a bottle of wine - and the manager who was circling around for the night came and poured the wine for us and asked if he should keep it on ice. Yes, please - but they were busy, not super busy, but busy, and a few times my wine glass was empty and all i wanted was for someone to come pour my wine - they kept it on ice, but not at our table, at some server station.
They have oysters from all over the place, and although I love them, I am no snob and couldn't tell the difference from one oyster to the next - so I asked, whats the difference in the oysters.  My server gave me a answer that was so textbook BS I almost laughed - basically, his answer did not help me make a decision as to which oysters to get in the slightest, so I just got a few of each - and they were all delicious.
For appetizers we got the Johnny corn cakes and the blue dip spread/bagel crisps - which I recommend to anyone, they were both delicious.  But that was the highpoint of the night.  THe appetizers were $6 and $10, and for that money, we got plenty of food on the plate.
For our main meal, my date and I split 2 entrees - the crab cakes and the lobster roll.  These were $20 and $25 dollar entrees.  For $20-25, I would really expect more than 1 crab cake.  It was a normal sized crab cake, and the only other thing it came with was some cold slaw.  Really? for $25 dollars all I get is one crab cake and a small small portion of cold slaw?  The crab cake was AMAZING, but it left my wishing I had ordered at least 3 of the entrees.  
The lobster roll was exactly like any lobster roll you get in Maine, Cape Cod, etc. except that it cost $25 and was only one roll.  I know that I spend maybe $5 for the same exact thing over the summer, and the reason its so cheap is because the lobsters come from there, but seriously steven Starr, your main entree is $25 and is just one lobster roll with a small side of fries?  The lobster roll was delicious, but once again not enough to fill me up.
Then came dessert.  I was told by hostess that something special would happen because it was birthday, and I was looking forward to see what that would be - because I also did not know.  I ordered the chocolate bread pudding and my girlfriend ordered the apple pie, and we both got coffee.  The coffee did not come out until our desserts were ready, which was too long to wait for coffee.  Then the desserts came - they were delicious, amazing, great, but no singing, no candle, no mention of birthday at all.  Then right when we finish our desserts our server brings us 1 scoop of ice cream with a candle in it and said happy birthday.  Seriously? at the very end of the meal? After we finish the desserts we actually ordered? There needs to be better communication between hostesses (there were like 6 of them) and servers.
The food was 4.5 stars, and the ambiance was 4 stars.  And while the server was very knowledge in some aspects (like what wine we should order with what food we were getting), in other areas he smelled of pure  BS.  And while the manager walked around the entire night pouring us water if someone else wasn't, asking how our meal was and going the extra mile to pamper us, it was totally forgotten about when they forgot the birthday.  I did not even mention it was a special occasion, they asked and it just happened to be, so if you are going to ask that question every time someone makes a reservation, tell the servers.I have been to this place twice.  First was blah except for the desert.  It was blah because everything had way too much salt (and I like salt) or did not taste like anything.  I went their again last night.  I almost wanted my money back.  It sucked.  Too much salt on my whole fish and carrot fries.  Dessert was excellent again.  This place gets full so others must like.  When the newness fads out, I can't see this place suriving.You know in college, where you pinched your pennies in hopes to afford a few extra beers. Lunch of burritos and dinner of.... the leftovers from that same burrito. And then your parents come into town for the weekend and ask you where you wanna go to dinner and your eyes light up at the thought of spending a meal at a spot other than the dining hall or the late night pizza joint. If I went to undergrad in Philadelphia, Route 6 would've been the place I asked my parents to take me. The food is delicious, yet approachable as far as being appealing to your average eater. The prices, however, are a little steep. I know I'm not breaking any new ground with this statement, but the best way to put Route 6 is "It's the restaurant I'd choose if someone else is footing the bill" (I hope my parents don't read this review).
I've been twice now, and enjoyed both experiences, only once cringing at the dollars I shelled out for food in shells. The first time, I was splitting a lot of small dishes with some buddies, but the second time was a full meal. We split the smoked jersey bluefish dip, not my first choice but an EXCELLENT addition to dinner. A light enough appetizer that I was still hungry for dinner, but much more flavorful and interesting than your typical "fried _____", and the house made bagel chips had us requesting extras before we'd gone through half the dip.
Since it was Lobster Month, my buddy and I both went for lobster dishes. Lobster roll and fried lobster tails sounded clutch at the time. I'll go ahead and say that the lobster tails, while fried to perfection (and served with a quality aioli) were a painfully small portion. Like... if we were paying full price for that, I would've complained (at least under my breath). We weren't, but even at half-price, there was about 4-5 chicken nuggets worth of lobster meat on that plate. And you can't eat the shell (trust me on this one). The lobster roll was delicious though, meaty and light and refreshing. 
I ordered an IPA and received... not an IPA (she said, the beer snob oozing out of her pores) but it wasn't a bad beer, so I enjoyed it. While I'd probably go back for a happy hour or something, Route 6 is not somewhere I'm willing to fork over the money for on a regular basis.Excellent restaurant. 
I went here three times and everytime I've been there has been a very pleasant experience. 2 of the 3 I went for happy hour and its definitely a cool place to get into and relax. Drink and food specials are decent but not a steal by any means.I went to Route 6 4 times in 2 weeks. Yes, Im a fan. They have a great HH, all drinks are available on the HH menu, unlike some other places that only feature gross well drinks. The food is just so so but the staff are friendly and attentive and atmosphere is nice. I will be back for many more HH and dinners.I came in for dinner with a friend on Friday 3/14.  We had a wonderful time.  I was nervous about bringing an out of town guest because I'd had questionable service before, however we had a really nice time.   The food was decent, but the service was incredible.  Our waiter, Ricardo made our dinner so much fun.  He was knowledgable about the menu, spot on with recommendations (especially the cocktails), and in general created an excellent atmosphere.Hat's off to the owner Greg R for responding so quickly and professionally to my last review. That is how good management and a good business is run.
I returned last night for my first time since my last review to give them a shot again after talking to Greg back in September. When management approaches me like this, I am always willing to give them another shot. B/c like I said, people can have off nights and I don't want to write off a restaurant just like that. 
Service: 5 stars on POINT ! 
Our servers name was Nick, and he was super friendly and knowledgable about the menu. He asked us if we had any questions, ordered our drinks first and gave us enough time to look over the menu. Also after ordering our food, our appetizers came out in like.. t minus 2 minutes! 
Also, there were plenty of times that Nick came over to see how the food turned out. A nice lady (maybe assistant manager or QA) stopped by to see how everything turned out. The food runners were also friendly and on point. Service was all over a million thumbs up last night. Super friendly, fast, efficient but also not overbearing at all! I didn't feel like they were interrupting my conversations or anything. (I actually noticed in my peripheral vision that Nick saw we were in deep convo, and he walked away to check on us later -- 5 stars for you!)
FOOD: 4 stars 
$12 Crab deviled eggs: super awesome. They loadd these things up with amazingly fresh crab. I'm all over this one. The only thing that could make this better is if it was served on some sort of puree, that woudl be kind of cool ~ But totally personal pref
$12 Calamari: the fact that this came out in 2 minutes was amazing. A little skeptical, but hey it came out freshly fried super crispy, and the texture of the calamari was perfect. My only complaint was that my first few bites it was SO SALTY. The rest of it wasn't.. so maybe it was just sprinkled a little too much on certain spots. 
$4.50 cup of Clam chowder - one of the better clam chowders I've had. It had PLENTY of clams, plenty plenty. Super creamy. 
$25 Scallops in romesco sauce with saffron rice and jumbo grilled asparagus. 4 stars ~ Scallops were 1000000% perfect. Perfectly cooked, like seriously PERFECT temperature. The romesco sauce was bomb. I wouldn't change literally anything about those scallops. The saffron rice was A-OK, nothing too special .. i would have liked the rice a little fluffier/soft. And the grilled asparagus was the right tenderness, but no seasoning :/ but the fact it was grilled gave it that nice grill flavor which was appreciated 
I also tried some of my dining partner's Swordfish. This was grilled very well, crispy bite on the outside and it wasn't dry. And even if it was the least bit dry, that caper salsa made the dish. It gave color to the dish as well as pairing very beautifully with the swordfish.
The whole bill came to $112 including 3 alcoholic beverages. Honestly, yes it is a little steep, but it's seafood (and fresh at that!). But my experience last night -- worth it. I'd be back for a special occasion!I have been to Route 6 four times since it has opened and I have enjoyed it an increasing amount with each return trip. There is an endless variety of seafood from which to choose (also daily specials, which are written on a blackboard on the wall). Also, the appetizer creations are unique both in taste and presentation. 
I also enjoy the fact that the restaurant is great for different situations. I came here once for a nice Saturday night dinner with my girlfriend, once for a weeknight dinner with my parents, and two other times for beers and raw bar with my friends (sat at the bar). It was excellent for all four purposes. I highly recommend Route 6 for anyone who enjoys delectable seafood and a trendy, yet casual ambience.Better in concept than in reality.
While this North Phila restaurant succeeds at creating a "Cape Cod" seashore environment, it is seriously lacking in all other areas It is a very "busy" restaurant. Should you be seated in the main room, you will immediately notice you are sitting amongst a frantic swirl of waiters, hostess and servers. Not a peaceful or relaxing experience. If you can, sit in the other room where things are a bit more serene.
Our waiter was very nice. He tried to stop by often so see if we needed anything although there were times he was nowhere to be found.
There is only one word to describe the food - SMALL. Small food with BIG prices. The fried oysters were delicious but we only got 5 oysters for $16.00. My boyfriend ordered the "starter" soft shell crab sliders. Two sliders came out that truly could have been eaten in one bit. $15.00 for two bites?? I ordered the Greek salad. The size was fine but somehow the kitchen forgot to put feta cheese and kalamata olives on the salad consisting of the above and chopped vegetables. When mentioned to the waiter, I did get a fingerbowl of feta cheese to add. A member of management came by and I felt it only right to let her know what my salad was missing.  I would have thought we would have gotten the chopped vegetables, aka Greek Salad, free, in light of the errior, but I thought wrong. 
This COULD be a great restaurant. You would think that they just opened based on the amount of frenzy and errors but since this is not the case, they just don't have their "act" together. A good seafood restaurant is hard to find in Phila. If searching for one and Route 6 comes up, see what the next listing has to offer. Disappointing and very expendsive. No value for the money.My friend and I spilt the New England Clam Bake for 2, which was 1 1/2 lbs. of lobster, mussels, clams, sausage, potatoes and two ears of corn on the cob.  Originally it was $55, but with this deal in November, it was $35.  We explained our hunger level to our server Christina and she suggested a side along with our Clam Bake so that we had enough food.  She was completely right and a great server.  Everything tasted great and surprisingly the sausage went well with the food.  I wouldn't recommend this dish on a first date because it was messy.  
I'm coming back for the lobster roll.   They should seriously have these deals all the time.The handful of happy hours I've spent here have all been good. Excellent mixed drinks, friendly service, and great specials. Just perfect in summertime, a bit pricey off of happy hour though.Route 6 definitely transports you to the OBX. The ambiance is spot on and takes you out of the city for the night!
3 of us had Peel and Eat Shrimp (huge, amazingly flavored, FANTASTIC), Clam Chowder (This got a so-so review, but only based on the texture of the clams, she prefers softer texture) Salmon Tartar (it was a special and there was not a morsel left on the plate) Lobster Roll (he loved it!) and Woodfired Shrimp Scampi (again, those huge amazing shrimp! I picked saffron rice and corn for my side. I should have known better then to get corn in January as it wasn't the best, but not R6's fault).
We split the Coconut Custard Cream pie, this was light, fluffy and delicious.
Their cocktails are thoughtfully crafted and pack a lot of flavor and their service couldn't have been nicer!
I already can't wait to go back!For my big birthday celebration, being a Stephen Starr fan, I chose to go to Route 6 with my wife J and 2 other couples.  We were not disappointed in any way!
One of the young hostesses told me that the restaurant had just opened 3 weeks ago as we arrived from NJ for our 8 pm Saturday night reservation.  We were not alone!  The bar area was jumping and so was the restaurant.  I had checked out the Route 6 website in advance and I knew what to expect, but it was better than I had expected with wonderful decor including a 2 sided fireplace between the patio room and the main room which featured an open kitchen with counters for diners to sit on either side of a table for 6 that jutted out from the very center of the corner where the 2 sides of counter space met.  Who can remember the old "Seafood Shanty" restaurants?  Imagine if that type of place was made into a high-end version of a New England seafood shanty.  
We were seated very soon after our arrival...no time to go to the bar, but that was fine with us.  We were seated in the patio room at a large booth in which the 6 of us were comfortable.  In the center of the room (between us and the fireplace) was a very long Budakkan-style community table that could seat up to 20 people.  Naturally, 4 couples we knew from NJ were seated at one end and 2 other couples from our town were in a booth on the other end of the room.  I guess the word was out!
The drinks and food?  In a word, GREAT!  
There was a cool drink menu.  Mr. Y ordered a Cape Codder: Stoli Vodka with cranberry ginger compote.  He really enjoyed it and our terrific waiter Brian actually replenished his drink with a double (2 at once...and only charged us for 1!).  The 3 ladies all ordered Bloody Marys and loved them.  They came complete with a raw oyster and a string bean adorning the glasses.
If you like lobster, this is the place, and I was so in the mood for lobster.  Among the appetizers we ordered were Fried Ipswich Clams (not like those at Howard Johnson's!  Not strips, but whole clams), Johnny Cakes (Mr. Y reminded me of that episode of the Sopranos - remember that?), and the star of the show - Chicken Fried Lobster Tails served with a green tabasco aioli.  Wow!  Amazing!  This is an appetizer not to be missed.  3 good sized lobster tails in a fried chicken type batter.  Tender and delicious doesn't do this dish service.  I had never tried Johnny Cakes and thought they were pancakes, which they were, but think corn cakes with whole kernels of corn in the batter, served with maple bourbon butter.  They were very tasty but not something I'd say you must order.  I didn't love the fried clams probably because they were too clammy.  Weird right?  Clams just are not my favorite shellfish...too chewy and gritty although the clams at Route 6 were anything but, yet still clams.
Oh!  I almost forgot a real crowd pleaser at our table: the restaurant's own home-made oyster crackers given to all customers with horseradish for dipping and munching.  They were so light and crunchy and flavorful...and complimentary!  Yum!  I put some in the New England Clam Chowder I ordered which was not the typical white chowder.  There was some white wine and chopped bacon in it with whole claims (no shells thank goodness).  It was a good soup but I wished it was a little thicker.  My companions enjoyed the Casesar Salad and the Chopped Salad which includes grilled shrimp, avocado, tomato, bacon and green goddess dressing.
For our entrees, my friend Mr. Y and I went with the Maine Lobster Roll: chunks of lobster and mayo on a buttered potato roll, served with maybe the best thick cut french fries you can find anywhere!  The Lobster Roll was wonderful.  I know!  I started with the Chicken Fried Lobster Tails and then had a Lobster Roll, but as I said before this is the place for Lobster.  They serve Steamed or Wood Grilled whole Lobsters, or a Lobster Bake.  Mrs. C & Mrs. D ordered from the "Raw Bar" the Chilled Half Lobster served with that same green tobasco aioli from the Chicken Fried Lobster Tails and they were thrilled.  Mrs. Y ordered the Crab Cake which she liked but I tasted it and it was almost too salty to eat. Mr. D ordered the Seafood Stew and he was rightfully disappointed with the red sauce, as it seemed like they had just opened a can of stewed tomatoes and poured it in the pot with the shrimp, calamari, mussels, clams and swordfish chunks. 
The desserts we shared (they forgot my birthday candle at first!) were very good.  We had the Coconut Custard Pie with Graham Cracker Crust that was "to die for" and the Warm Apple Pie a la mode.  
The staff was extremely attentive all night, including the manager who checked on us at least twice.  Stephen Starr, to you I say: "Well done!"  I'll be back many times for those Chicken Fried Lobster Tails and the Maine Lobster Roll, finished off with the Coconut Custard Pie.  If I was on death row, that would be what I'd order for my last meal on earthMan oh man whata' cool place!  Let me start by saying that I am not normally a seafood kinda guy.  Route 6 is the first seafood restaurant that I will be making appoint to return to... and I might add in the not too distant future.  I am big on atmosphere and Route 6 absolutely nailed it!  It's amazing how it's bright but intimate and full of energy!  I eat out for the full experience not just the food or just the setting... I gotta have both or I am not going to be happy.  I feel like I sacrificed nothing at Route 6.  Service was great, atmosphere was great, energy was great, beer list was great!  As far as specific recommendations give these a try and you will not be disappointed:  the scallop entree was absolutely unreal... the sauce is one of the best I have ever had and the scallop was cooked perfectly  The fried lobster app was just what you might think.... lobster..... fried..... how can you go wrong?  Get it and ENJOY!  If you like beer give the house micro-brew a try.... really good middle of the road taste... not too light not too big.  Bottom line we had a great night and a great meal... give Route 6 a try and you will not be disappointed.Really liked this place. My wife and I sat at the bar in front of kitchen.  The manager was very nice. Service was pretty good for a crowded night. The food was very flavorful and the menu had a lot to offer.  The location is very convenient. Better than Rittenhouse.Half price lobster the month of October?  Sign me up.
The wife suggested Route 6 as a possible option to get her dad some lobster without even realizing it was lobster month.  Luckily we rolled up very early without a reservation and we were able to get seated in the small bar area.  This turned out to be perfect for us.
Route 6 has a pretty expansive menu of seafood options.  Because we arrived so early we also happened upon the half price oyster happy hour.  After about 3 dozen oysters among the group we dove into the meal.
I went with the order of fried lobster tails (3 tails - $22 normally, $11 for me!) and the 2 lb lobster.  The lobster was wood grilled and cooked perfectly.  Lots of drawn butter to drench it in as well.  
I think most of us ended up having lobster in some shape or form and no one was disappointed.
It still ended up being a hefty bill as this place isn't cheap, but I couldn't imagine if it wasn't half price lobster month.
Aside from the food the restaurant is pretty nicely laid out.  I'd love to come back during the summer and utilize the patio area as well.  
The only issue is that this location is borderline suspect in terms of it's proximity to North Philly.  I would just be careful if you decide to park too far away and walk.  You should be fine on Broad but I would just be mindful on the side streets.Absolutely love the happy hour here. Awesome drink specials, good appetizers, and dollar oysters (need I say more?). The lounge/bar area is nice and comfy, and the whole restaurant has a New England feel -- completely makes you forget you are even in Philadelphia. For desserts: coconut cake and bread pudding with banana ice cream are AWESOME. Also, the chicken fried lobster tails are out of this world. Service is always outstanding as well. Just one star docked for some ordinary dishes... you would think Starr could make a better calamari or mussels. But overall, fabulous experience and highly recommended.If you're like me, you're going to Route 6 for happy hour and to practice your crutching skills since you sliced your foot open in a biking accident.  No?  Well if you live in the Fairmount area, crutching to a nearby restaurant is a great way to practice being a gimp and enjoying the reward of good food for doing so.  Or to get some serious triceps.
The happy hour menu is only available from 4:30 to 6:30.  Lucky for me, people felt bad for me and let me leave work early.  I was able to enjoy several items on the happy hour menu for half of the cost of what they'd normally be.
The boo and I split the bluefish dip, the chef's special oysters ($1 each at happy hour!), a cup of clam chowder, and the cheeseburger.  I take 1 star away from the bluefish dip - it had a high mayo content...and to me, was pretty flavorless.  You get complimentary horseradish and oyster cracker balls and I was able to use the horseradish to doctor my dip.  It's served with these massive bagel chips soaked in butter.  At $6 vs the $12 the dip usually cost I wasn't horribly upset.  I've only ever had oysters rockafeller in New Orleans, so Route 6 was my first raw experience.  We got a medium sized version served with lemon and a sherry vinegar with pickled shallots.  The waiter was excellent at telling us the difference of the oysters and their salinity content.  They went down easy!  
The clam chowder comes with a necessary side of oyster crackers, topped with chives, and had chunks of clam and bits of bacon.  Creamy, rich, and just what I wanted.  Boo's burger was $8 and came with a side of homemade chips.  
The beers aren't that cheap for happy hour but definitely check out their specialty cocktail menu which is halved at $6 a drink.   We tried a black-eyed susan before switching to beer - men be warned!  It is a feminine looking drink.  I want to go back to try the mussels and some more oysters!