We had lobster tail and clam chowder...super yummy! I would rate the food 5 out of 5 I have a 4 based off of a super awkward server that made both my fiancé and I feel very uncomfortable. Otherwise it was stellar! Food was fast and amazing!!!So I stopped by this establishment again, and the food left much to be desired. My drink was watery and the seafood was dry. The only good thing was the service. I cant say that I'll be back again.Best fried shrimp around! Everything is fresh and delicious. We eat here at least once a week. Can't wait until they get outdoor seating.More room for IMPROVEMENT! The fried Butterfly Shrimp has absolutely NO SEASONING and is over fried! If Red Lobster can season their fried shrimp then why can't this place? And alot of people eat at Red Lobster! The mac n' cheese is greesy and has no taste.  The crabcake has more fillers than crab meat. The red potatos that come with the crab legs soak up all the butter since they put them rt under the crab legs..making them not edible due to them soaked in greese!I'm kind of sad that the minimum is one star - I'd give it zero if I could. My boyfriend and I just left after sitting at a table for almost 15 minutes without so much as an acknowledgement from any staff member, let alone water or any sort of order. The establishment was NOT packed, so there really isn't any sort of logical explanation for being ignored (ignored is the correct word, as several staff members saw us - and our empty table - and walked past anyway). It was only when we walked out that we were acknowledged, as a staff member ran after us to say "sorry," not to ask us to stay. We had set our expectations low, not knowing what to expect, but apparently we didn't set them low enough! Very disappointing.You cannot beat the quality cookin', drinks and prices up in this piece! The dining and bar areas are small and rather tight--it's definitely got a this-is-my-hood + hole-in-the-wall vibe, which are definite pluses in my book. In the warmer climes, they've added a few tables and umbrellas outside, which is helpful in theory, but atmosphere-wise, you're sitting on Henry Avenue which doubles as the Indy 500 during happy/rush hour.
Anywho, I work in East Falls and this has become a go-to happy hour spot for me and my co-workers. I've hopped all around the menu and everything has been deliciously and freshly prepared with solid portion sizes. I'll start with one of my favorite starters, the clam chowder. I'm not a Northerner so all the ruckus about chowder was a bit lost on me. This one is mega creamy, rich, well-seasoned with consistent bites of real, not-chewy clams. I tend to get it every other time I go--even when it's warm. Again, I'm not a connoisseur--I'm getting there--but it's really hearty and delicious. 
The calamari is a must. It's lightly, crispily fried perfection and the spicy sweet glaze with the jalapenos takes it to a good eats level that I think you'll enjoy, hungry reader. I've enjoyed the butterfly shrimp (so cripsy and meaty!), the fish o' the day + fries combo (mega big slice of whiting!), and the one sampler for two--blanking on the name--but it had mussels, clams, steamed shrimp, crab legs, fried fish, fried shrimp, potatoes and corn on the cob. Without the crab legs it's $35 I think, but with the crab legs (and you should totally get the crab legs) it's closer to $50.
Crab legs are my most favorite thing and these are some of the best prices I've seen for a solid, delightfully seasoned helping. I lick all my fingers when I'm done. 
You'll find that this place is full of folk who are regulars. They're usually at the bar, a lot of them dine alone and make quick and easy friends with others who belly up to the bar. Everyone is wonderfully friendly.
Now for the drinks. Excellent happy hour prices. Like, $4.50 for a martini kind of prices, and they don't skimp on the liquor! They've got a rotation of bartenders who are amiable and pleasant, but if you've read other reviews by now you've probably heard about Mike--the most amazing bartender ever who is no longer tending bar at this establishment. I won't go full rave-crush on you about Mike, because he's no longer there and this review is about what is a solid 4-star awesome place, but he was pretty spectacular. So if you hear other patrons loudly mentioning his name and looking around the bar, that's why.
The staff work mega hard and they're all really kind and will give you menu recommendations when you need 'em. I think because they stay so busy (and I always go during happy hour), they're not as doting as you may want or expect. Sometimes, you have to wave and grab folks' attention, or your glass gets a little empty for a little while longer than you might like it to, but again, they're a hardworking bunch and when you ask them you'll definitely get what you need--you just might have to flag them down every once in awhile. 
Other than that, this remains one of my favorite places to grub, sit, chill and sip.Very small mussels. Like, really small. 
I was very excited to try this place out from all the good reviews on Yelp. We went Saturday night. It is a cozy place, just like the reviews said, but we found a space at the bar. The bartender, Tina I believe is her name, was really friendly and made a tasty vodka martini. I also liked that they served oyster crackers with horseradish as snacks at the bar. It reminded me of the seafood restaurants I would visit as a kid. 
The place is small, but well lit around the bar. The walls are decorated with fun sea life characters. The back booths were dimly lit so we opted for the bar because it looked depressing to eat back there. Since it's a small place, it can get loud. 
The food was ok. The butterfly shrimp were really the best- very big shrimp, nicely seasoned and fried. I ordered the broiled plate which came with tilapia, shrimp, and mussels. The sauce was buttery, which was delicious, but it was hard to eat the fish outside of the sauce and sometimes you want to just taste the fish! There were only two shrimp on the plate, which was disappointing because the shrimp were delicious. However, the biggest disappointment were the mussels. Really small. 
I'd go back. The drinks were good and the shrimp was great quality. Just would maybe not order the broiled plate again. The staff was very nice which also makes me want to go back.Roxborough Seafood House is a relatively new bar and restaurant in an old setting.  As a result it has that kind of lived-in look as if it has been around for decades.  Seafood is the name of the game here - either eat-in or takeaway.  What they are most famous for are their butterfly fried shrimp and rightly so.  The batter used for these generous-sized crustaceans is perfect resulting in a golden light coating.  And if you don't mind the carbs, why not accompany the shrimp with seafood fries.  They will def find a place on your taste buds.  There is a full bar at the cozy Roxborough Seafood House so you can try one of their numerous martinis or just indulge in a "hard' Twisted Tea.I come here about once a week and the food never disappoints. Sometimes I come to watch the eagles play. It's a cool neighborhood spot with decent food and drinks.The mouse...
After enjoying the peel & eat shrimp, Corona's  & great music but not the way to salty steamed clams or the way to buttery shrimp scampi, we were paying the bill & saw a MOUSE on the floor by our table. That was the end of our meal & my girlfriend ran out the door screaming.Great food with friendly service. I ordered the crab legs, shrimp, and mussels which you can tell were fresh and just came out of steaming. If you like seafood I highly recommend this place!The Roxborough Seafood House has the BEST wait staff ever. They were so attentive to me and my family. The drink seemed weak at first, but I was definitely tipsy when leaving and I only had one. The food was ok, to say the least. I think that night I wasn't really in the mood for seafood or fried food for that matter. Maybe I could experience this restaurant again, when I get the chance and update on my experience.The waitress was drunk, the food was greasy and no quality.   Was so excited to see a seafood place in our neighborhood but this place is disappointing.   It's a great place if you want A liquid meal.I had the fried whiting with jumbo shrimp, French fries and coleslaw. It was fried perfectly, but I did order a crab cake because it was not included in the combo. Prices are very reasonable. I will most definitely go back again. They also have a Happy hour.So I was looking for some good Seafood Saturday night. I ran across this seafood house and thought I'd give it a try. Well once we arrived we decided to do take out. The first problem was the small takeout area. It was hard to stand and place an order while people were walking walking  by, eating and the chefs cooking. Quite an odd place for a take out. Then it gets worse I had to keep asking the waitress if I could place an order because she was to business putting peoples food together. Finally after 15 minutes she takes my order, which was the seafood combo and a flounder platter. I gave her my money and she told me to give a minute to get my change. Well that took 15 minutes. I wasn't even sure if she would remember because she took others order and their money too. More people keep filing in causes everyone to be cramped. As I watched the chefs cook, I noticed one of them not wearing gloves. He decided to put his fingers in a pan to touch someone's scallops. Yes with his bare fingers. Of course he burned his fingers on someone's food and began to put them in his mouth and proceeded to continue to cook. I was really ready to leave then but couldn't locate the waitress again. When she returned by food was done. I had to remind her that she owed me $15 change. Her response was "ooh yeah". Once I got my food home, I realized that the fish was not fresh and it tasted frozen. It was also unseasoned and tasteless. The fries were also old and reheated. I throw it away and wasted $25 on this nasty food. I will never go back. I can make better seafood at home.My first time ordeing take out i got the jumbo snow crab clusters which came with potatoes and corn. The food was great, my only complaint was the fact that everything was covered in butter which may sound great to some people but in my opinion i dont think good seafood needs butter at all just some old bay. 
So my second time around ordering the jumbo snow crab clusters i asked if i could have the butter on the side, best decision ever! They even separated the crabs from the potatoes and corn. The meal just seemed ten times better to me!!
Overall great seafood and great accommodating, very happy with this place!Casual spot to enjoy some inexpensive drinks and good seafood. First I have to say that this place is small. I mean- really small. Like 4 booths and about 10 seats at the bar. So don't walk in with a group and expect to have somewhere to sit right away. You may need to wait and enjoy a drink at the bar which is ok since the drinks have very reasonable prices. Stella Artois- only $3.50 or so. I ordered the combination of steamed shrimp and mussels in the white sauce $13. I was more than pleased with my food. My portion was huge! 12 shrimp and at least 25 mussels in my bowl. The au jus they were swimming in was loaded with garlic and succulent deliciousness :) :) :) The seafood tasted fresh and was not at all fishy. I would definitely return!After reading the reviews here that ranged from 1 Star to 5 Stars, my husband Michael and I had no idea what to expect.  But on a stormy Tuesday evening we decided to give the Roxborough Seafood House a try anyway since the restaurant is within walking distance of our house and they finally began taking credit cards.  We really like seafood so we were really excited when this place opened, hoping there might finally be a decent place in the neighborhood for fish. We walked there at 5 pm (happy hour) and we are happy to say that our experience at was excellent. We entered in the bar area and were greeted immediately by Mike the bartender, who let us know we could sit anywhere we wanted.  We chose a booth in the bar area and our waitress Sabrina immediately came over with the martini menu (so many varieties at less than $5 each at happy hour). Michael ordered a "Super Storm" which was enough to fill the martini glass twice and was delicious as well.  I order Sam Adams Summer Ale on draft, which was fresh, cold, and only $3.75 per pint. We started with an "Anthony Salad" to share (which was only $5), and the kitchen split it for us. The salad included lettuce, onions, olives, garbanzo beans or chickpeas, and gorgonzola cheese with a delicious red wine vinegarette and was served with a complementary basket of bread.  For our main course we each ordered one of the specials of the day: I had sauted tilapia with sun dried tomatoes and olives with a side of roasted red bliss potatoes and Michael had the seafood medley, which was mussels, clams, and shrimp served over penne pasta in a butter garlic sauce.  The seafood was fresh and delicious and the entrees were only $9 each!  Sabrina was attentive throughout our meal and Mike was friendly as well as knowledgeable about the food, the drinks, the bar, the neighborhood's history, etc.  All in all, it was an enjoyable evening and the meal was one of the best we've had in some time, especially considering the price!   I highly recommend the Roxborough Seafood House! We will definitely be back!I had the most unfortunate experience when I ordered through Uber eats. I was hoping too add this well recommended establishment as my usual seafood choice. My fiancé ate at the restaurant and could not say enough about how good the food was sadly On 5/3/2019 my take order was atrociously prepared upon delivery mine as well as my lady's food was drastically over cooked, hard and inedible as well as being incorrect. We were hoping for a nice Friday night take out and was horrified by how the simplest of orders could be prepared with such disregard for any semblance of care. My love ordered the Deep Fried Combo and I the fried fish with shrimp we asked for coleslaw instead of fries because we knew fries do not travel well neither of us got our wish. Along with both orders arriving over cooked an disgusting my shrimp order was not present and both orders had cold dry French fries. I could understand if I had made a complicated request but fish is the easiest dish to make especially for a business that relies on repeat business. I paid $17 each for 2 inedible platters with half the order missing. Never again!!!Not impressed with this place ); food had no flavor. Calamari was frozen, fried and hard... I only like the dipping sauce. I had the butterfly fried jumbo shrimp ... Nothing amazing about them and it was what they are known for ... Needless to say not going backGreat little spot in the neighborhood . I will definitely come back here again. The bar service is great!Totally unprofessional climate, bartenders everything. This place has totally dropped/dipped in service, etc.  Having to watch your bartender eat food in front of you and not be in position to order food or a drink is puzzling and confusing as well, the young man that was behind the bar while the bartender ate her food with the owner, had to ask the bartender how much a drink was, once the price was told to him, he told me ( keep in mind the owner & bartender are witching 6-7 drinks off me totally immersed in themselves. I asked for a check, only to be looked at, so I left my cash and wallows out. Keep in mind I was at the bar for quite some time before the fact.  Having to wait for service is beyond a minimal expectation. I'm sorry Q but I won't be back. And to anyone else please save your money, because all that's going to happen is you will receive ass to kiss because your patronage isn't appreciated....Fist time visit  and would not return.  Menu looked decent so we decided to stay.  We ordered the Mussel and Shrimp platter, Crab Cake and Steak and Shrimp.  This place is more like a bar with a row of tables off the bar and some outdoor seating during good weather.
The mussels and shrimp were ok.  Nicely seasoned with garlic and whatever the special sauce was.  The steak tasted rancid and was not a NY Strip as advertised.  They also forgot to add the shrimp to the order.  The potatoes were different and a welcome change.  The crab cake was definitely not the lump crab they advertise.  It was more like flake crab with some other fish added.  Not really enjoyable and almost not edible.  The cocktails are well poured but a bit pricey.
Service needs a little help also.  The bartenders were very loud and also drunk as she stated she was off the clock training the other bartender so she was allowed to do shots.  Honestly, I have no problems with that but it did affect the quality of service not to mention she was a quite obnoxious.   They really need a change of staff and better quality food.Honestly, some of the best shrimp and mussels I have ever had. Everything was fresh and flavorful. The staff was friendly and personable. It felt like being at someone's home. This place is very small and a little uncomfortable but the food was awesome. I will be frequenting regularly!Been back twice to check and see how they were doing: service much faster and food stepped up quite a bit! My only complaint is the seating. The benches are too straight  and short so difficult to sit comfortably. Bar seating would be great if either stools were shortened or bar shelf cut. The leg room is lacking.Recently came here as a first timer. I been passing by and been dying to try it, as I love trying new places. I ordered the fried shrimp and was pleasantly surprised at the size. I was expecting Popeyes, but what I received was way better than any other establishment by far. The staff was friendly and accommodating. The sweet blonde bartender (didn't catch her name) went out of her way to make me a fresh Sangria after my dislike of the already made batch. Will def be back!!!!Stopped in over the 4th of July holiday. I received great service, good food and good drinks. The prices were also very reasonable. I will definitely be back again.Well, we gave this place another chance and it was ok.  When we first sat down at the bar the bartender (a young slender woman) was not very attentive at all and we had to request a menu several times before we got one.  It must have been a shift change because another bartender was on duty - "Kiki" and she was a breath of fresh air - very personable and efficient.
For a meal we had the crab cake and an order of muscles.  The crab cake appeared to be a commercially available "frozen" product that was devoid of taste.  For a place with the name it has, I would have expected better - freshly made.
The muscles were a better but the juice could have used additional flavor. (garlic and lemon)
All in all, Kiki's service made the visit goodWe go here often.  Every time it exceeds our expectations.  This time was the first time we ordered the seafood tower for 2.  We asked for sauted/broiled rather than deep fried and the chef was happy to comply.  It was...Bonkers.  Perfectly cooked, delicious butter and garlic sauce, way more than enough for 2.I come to this restaurant once a month for a Milan Salad. I brought a friend at 5:30 pm for the salads and they were out of it. They didnt have any lettuce for any salad. Who runs out of lettuce early in the evening when it is a popular thing on the menu and they are down the street from a market.  We ordered fried shrimp which were good and a crabcake that had absolutely no taste. When we asked for decafe coffee we were told they don't have any but we did get regular coffee. 
 We asked for a manager but there was no one in charge.I love it here, the food is good and reasonably priced. Even better the bar manager (Michael) is very knowledgeable and just overall knows his stuff. The service is great and they just have a way of making you feel at home.I've eaten here twice now and have to say the food and drinks are amazing. We had the snow crab and butterfly shrimp both times we went. Margaritas and Bloody Mary drinks were both really good. I gave 4 stars instead of 5 because the restaurant itself is very small and when we went on a weekend it was packed with a long wait. We circumvented this issue by coming on a weeknight for our second visit and it was much less crowded. All in all, a great local place for delicious seafood and drinks!Yum, yum, yum, and oh yeah.....YUM!!!!!!!!!!!!!!   I love the butterfly shrimp  here. They are HUGE!  I love this place because it's close to home, and I can get my seafood fix without having to drive too far to get it. I have only ever ordered the butterfly shrimp, but my fiance has had the mussels and snowcrabs and said they were delicious! Next time I come here, I'm gonna try the crabcakes.
The only thing I don't like is the parking.Good place to have a meal. A seafood house is a great addition to the neighborhood. The butterflied shrimp is pretty great. The crab leg platters are what keep us coming back. They are always perfectly cooked. The best thing about this place is the size of the drinks. Well worth it. Any place with a heavy handed bartender has to be good in my opinion.Very nice neighborhood bar. The seafood here is amazing. Nothing to fancy but done just right. The staff and customers are great. First time here I was treated like a regular. Tina is a great bar tender. Thanks for the great service.Food was really disappointing. The crab cake was half cooked and the salmon tasted like fried chicken...yuck!!!The food here is perfect when you're craving fried seafood. The colossal shrimp were butterflied and battered to perfection. Do yourself a favor and stop in to this Roxborough treasure.Terrible. That's probably the best way I can describe what I tasted. I had a strong craving for seafood this weekend. Nothing major. Mainly shrimp. I went to ______ restaurant (I can't even remember the name) as a last resort when another well-reviewed place was closed. When I arrived, I saw a small dining area with no available tables and about 20 people partaking in dinners. That led me to believe I chose a good place. Since I had my infant son and my wife couldn't have fish because they fried that and the shellfish in the same grease, I ordered my food to go. Once in the car, I soon smelled what seemed to be great food. When I got home, it was the opposite. The crab cake I ordered was dry with absolutely no flavor. Actually, I don't feel like finishing this review. It's not worth it. The food was terrible. I will NEVER go back.Have been here 5+ times and never had a bad experience. Everything is amazing, great service and incredible food at prices that are almost too good to be true.Great service. Nice selection of draft and bottled beer at a great price.  $8 for a pitcher if yuengling.  Mussels were great though garlicky.   Corn and potatoes were awesome.  Seafood was good.  Casual and friendly. Has outdoor seating.  It has a tavern like feel.  Sort of dark.Recently moved to Roxborough and exploring the local businesses and restaurants. A long time contributor to TripAdvisor, I decided to join Yelp and share my experiences.
Since it's just down the street, and I love shrimp, I checked out the Roxborough Seafood House, finally in early March.  Since the initial visit, I have been back several times, including with a friend visiting from Texas.
This is a small neighborhood spot (as another reviewer put it "hidden gem"). It's a casual space, but on my visits, many a diner was dressed for a more upscale evening. There are maybe 8 tables and a bar that seats about 12 in the main room when you walk in, so expect a brief wait on weekends (or visit mid-week).  I believe they take reservations, and there appears to be additional space for sit-down dining in the take-out area.  They offer take-out and delivery.
For guests dining in, the menu is straight forward and highlights butterfly shrimp, fish and mussels. They offer their (possibly soon to be famous) shrimp fried or broiled.  They are good size and I have had them on 4 visits - delicious.  You can choose a basket with 3 shrimp, fries and close slaw for as little as $6 - super deal.  You can step up to huge platters with shrimp, mussels and much more.  During my friends visit, we had the calamari appetizer, the seafood stew and he had the crab ravioli dinner - he said it was the best he has had!
Every night until 7 they feature a large list of specialty martinis for only $4.95.  They have a full bar, and many beers on tap and wines by the glass from $6.
The staff is local and the bar manager is well versed and knowledgeable and you'll find him working most weekends.  The key to remember for new visitors is that the spot is a small, local neighborhood spot. Their shrimp puts Red Lobster to shame.  Check it out and support local business!I found this place doing a Yelp search and was pleasantly surprised to find out that it was close to home.  It was also a little confusing from the outside since there were two doors and neither is clearly marked as the entrance. However, once inside, my husband and I were greeted by a tall gentleman that gave us the option of dining area.
There are two eat-in sections: one with a bright fluorescent light cafeteria feel, and one with a neighborhood bar feel. These two sections were divided by a long hallway which provided access to the kitchen and bathroom. The bar side felt more intimate. It felt more like a restaurant to us, so although it was crowded, we decided to wait.
It was really tight in there. Not uncomfortable but a little more cozy than you might want to be with strangers...especially as you're standing pretty close to seated diners, while waiting for a table. Within 15 minutes or so, we were seated in a booth with a really nice server. We ordered two drinks, butterfly shrimp, New Zealand Mussels, fries and coleslaw.
Great: Butterfly Shrimp, Fries, Sauce and Bread served w/mussels
Good: Coleslaw, Long Island Iced Tea
Meh: New Zealand Mussels, Amaretto Sour
Those shrimp were big and perfectly seasoned. I personally like cocktail sauce and these didn't need ANY! The fries were fried and seasoned well; crisp on outside and soft on inside (you'd better not mess up fries, though...), The sauce from the mussels (aka mussel juice aka white winy, garlicky, lemony goodness) was heaven..especially when sopped up with the crusty bread! Oh my word!
The coleslaw was good/standard. The Long Island gave me a nice buzz. The reason why the mussels were meh is because they were slightly gummy, small and they didn't give you enough. However, the mussel juice made them kinda bearable. Also, the amaretto sour was incredibly tiny. Like I'm talking gone in three sips kinda tiny; but my husband also got a coke and seemed happy.
Would I go back? Definitely. 
It was clean. The environment/mood of the place was very chill. The owners, servers, and customers made it seem inviting.
I'd go back sooner if those mussels improved but the shrimp and fries were enough to do the trick.Love Sabrina the bartender!.. Food is great and love homey feel.  Get thete early to get a seat!  Great drink prices too!The fish was good. Fried shrimp delicious. Fries were... eh. The place is a dingy spot but the smell drew us in. I'd definitely go back for those jumbo shrimps. Our waitress was great.what was better, the food or drink, I can't give an honest answer.. fresh seafood.. prego wife was craving crab legs so we went and I had the best seafood that I can remember.. walked in and was greeted by a suited up knowledgable bar tender who served me one of the best Manhattans I've ever tasted.. I will be back.I would love to give a place in my adjacent neighborhood the glowiest of stars.  This is a new establishment and I am always itching to try new places local. 
A Friday night during Lent (Good Friday) seemed to be the best time to check out a seafood establishment.  It's cozy, in two small dining rooms of tables and booths with a bar.  It was not packed but full.  It looks like they upgraded it with new fixtures from the former pub (19th Hole, I think) and it seemed clean.  
The menu is laid out in a placemat which kind of has a down-the-shore feel and the murals on the wall are bright, nautical and cheery. Our waitress was attentive and gave great service.  There was gentleman that checked on our service, as well, prior to food delivery.  (Owner?)  The menu was straightforward and didn't really give descriptions of the dishes.  The prices were reasonable for seafood  'delivered fresh daily' as noted on the menu.
I ordered snow crab legs but the specials did sound delicious - crab ravioli in a blush sauce with sun-dried tomatoes, etc.  But I was fixated on Snow Crab - kind of a Lenten tradition on a Friday with me and the boyfriend.  He ordered the same thing but his was a trio with mussels and shrimp.
The food came out quickly but to my demise, it was in a pool of salted butter.  I immediately thought I was at Red Lobster (if that is your thing).  Of course, I did not exactly specify steamed with butter on the side, but what a mess!  Slippery and crab don't mix so it took forever to eat.  I don't really eat that much salt  frequently but I felt a lot bloated and smelled like a garlic butter that no wet-nap or hand soap could penetrate effectively.  The crabs themselves seemed fresh and large but were tainted by that presentation. 
My boyfriend's dish was similar - the shrimp and mussels were tough and the corn-on-the-cob was mush, likely due to the butter content. 
I am sure since this place is new, they have some kinks to work out with regard to the menu, etc.   There is always room for improvement and I look forward to hearing more positive reviews so that I am tempted to revisit.   It certainly is cheaper than Red Lobster but the dishes and prices are not unique enough to set it apart."OMG I want to eat the air". That was my first thought when I walked in here. I was visiting my old roommate and she insisted we come here since a) I love seafood and b) it wasn't here when I moved away in January. Man, I'm pissed that I missed this place. She loves the place too. As does her brother who says he comes here at least once a week. 
The heavy aroma of garlic grabbed when we opened the door. I love a seafood place with no frills. Don't impress me with fancy decor. Focus on the quality of your catch. This was definitely their approach. Menu is on the placemat and the beer list is pretty standard with a few fun brews mixed in (Merry Monks). We ordered dungeous (sp?) and snow crab legs, butterfly shrimp and a bucket of mussles. The heavy buttery garlic sauces that the mussels and crabs come in was delicious. And the crabs were amazing. I'm not used to crab legs that thick or having such clean and meaty top parts. I don't know what to call it - the part that's all white with meat tucked into each pocket.  Anyway it was totally clean (no goo) and tasted like buttery garlicky heaven. Every leg had a thick chunk of crab in it. Perfectly seasoned and steaming hot. Oh yeah, I don't even like mussels and these were delicious! The shrimp was as big as my fist.  Gotta love a place that gives a quality butterfly shrimp with more meat that breaking. The prices were awesome for everything we ordered. Damn I'm mad I don't live in Philly anymore!! 
Who ever rated this place poorly really should try it again on a different night. As a small business and new place, they may be still adjusting to a crazy Friday night crowd. Let them find their niche. Try it on a Thursday like we did and give it some time.  A gem like this is Roxborough deserves local fans not local haters. 
Keep up the good work, guys!I got the flounder fish hoagie. No mayo or mustard, onions and pickles. Just fish, lettuce and tomatoes.The french fries were cold. No seasonings on anything.I came here a year ago. Ordered crab cake salmon and shrimp. For some reason I can't remember what anything taste like back then only that it was good. This morning at 1am right before stupid but good sometimes daylight saving time ordered fried shrimp and salmon. That salmon they grilled the whatever out that thing and it was the best salmon I ever had. Them shrimp now they were warm 5 and 3/4 because one looked like a half was missing. Don't fry shrimp if they are not whole butterfly. Also fries were cold, my broccoli was warm and soggy fresh out pot no season nothing! Why! were it not for that good ol salmon and those potatoes butter sauce ohhh I would have complained but of course never send food back. Nasty lemonade. Highlight of the night the waitress she was really nice. Looked too young to be working there tho girl go back to school if you are in school good.  Water glass had lemon seed at the bottom but no lemon slice hmmmPoor service and not friendly. Food was ok but very uninviting. Felt like they didn't want to serve me. It's a shame because the place is close to me but will never go back.I ordered food via Grubhub- Ordered clam chowder and fries, and shrimp and grits. My order shows up and the driver tells me they did not have clam chowder- okay no problem, but if the restaurant could have called to tell me this, I would have been able to order something else. 
After telling my son he now only has fries to eat for dinner- we the open container to find less than 3oz of fries. Legit spent 5.00$ on less than a handful of fries, to top it off, they were clearly uncooked- like not undercooked, but uncooked. Called and spoke with a woman who tried to say she was not there 40 minutes ago so she "couldnt do anything because it is not her fault." I asked her to politely refund my money, and even send your driver back to pick up the food because it was not edible. She tells me she will refund me for the fries and hangs up- about an hour later, I call back because there was still no refund. I asked to speak with a manager, and she puts down the phone, is swearing and up a storm says " this f*ckin lady wont stop f*ckin calling, f*ck this f*ck that"- Man gets on the phone and states he will not refund my money because "the ounces of fries arent listed on the menu"- after i tried to tell him they were not cooked he said, "if you talk over me i will just hang up", then hangs up like a true professional.  While calling back the 3rd time, they recognized my phone number and just pick up the phone and place it down. Annoying... it isnt about the money but the terrible customer service, ignorant ratchet workers that must hate their lives and takes the attitude work with them- you would be better off starving then to have to deal with this place.First time here.   Great fried shrimp, mac n cheese and cole slaw. The decor is pretty basic, and the bar wine options somewhat limited but overall the value and quality are excellent. The fried shrimp were amazing. Saw other folks eating snow crab clusters and mussels and all looked very happy with their selections. Staff was very courteous. We'll be back!My fiancé, 2 friends and myself just left here from lunch. We got 2 of the seafood towers and all I have to say is Wow....WOW! For $49 you get enough food for 2 which consists of fried huge butterfly shrimp and fried fish (not sure what kind of fish it was) and fried. Next comes 2 crab leg clusters, clams, muscles, and 2 corn on the cob all marinated in this delicious old bay sauce. The crabs were so soft and were able to be dissembled easily. The clams and muscles we're seasoned so well and the corn on the cob was delicious. Our waitress was so pleasant and it was an all around great experience. I would definitely recommend!Do not trust their website, as the proprietors will scrap half the menu, but not update the site to reflect the change.Where is my order was suppose to be here by 6:54! thanks. It is now 7:25 pm!
Called the number listed and it said mail box is full!Roxborough seafood house is one of the best places to eat in Roxborough and the city of Philadelphia. When you come here you're like family. The food is great and they remember your name every time you come  in and visit...not to mention the prices on drinks and food are AWESOME!!! Mike the bartender is well versed with drinks and all new liquors. When you come he will remember your name and drink of choice. Chuck the owner is typically sitting at the bar, greeting customers with and hug and a smile while buying regular a drinks of their choice. Overall this is a great place for a date or just to stop by with friends. Everyone from all walks of life are accepted here with a smile and a good time, music plays in the background that is fun but not overpowering. Just enough to dance in your chair and sing along. If you are in Roxborough you MUST come to the seafood house, this is something you won't regret.Would have picked zero star. I have rarely given a review but when a place is this bad.......and this place was so bad words almost escape me. Not just the worst seafood....but the worst dining experience ever! Bland fish with no seasoning. The mussels were actually cooked well however; the juice in the bowl was terrible....no flavor what so ever. And no bread????? This place makes Eat at Joe's and Red Lobster look like five star restaurants.Great food and great prices! I would recommend this restaurant. 
The shrimp and crab legs are so fresh and yummy.The Roxborough Seafood House is a welcome addition to the neighborhood.  The food is reliably good, reasonably priced, and served in a cozy, casual environment that encourages socialization.  Highlights include the mussles (among the best I have ever had), the fried shrimp (simple, huge, and delicious), and the oyster po' boy (a frequent special).  All entrees are large enough to share, and the sides are appropriate and tasty.  
As I have said in the previous paragraph, the Roxborough Seafood House is a very social environment.  This is not the place to have a quiet, romantic dinner - but it is the place to meet new people both from the neighborhood or just passing through for a drink.  Drinks are good (if not the "LARGEST IN TOWN"), the happy hour specials decent, the beer selection adequate but not challenging.  What makes this place a four-star establishment are the people who come here.  One never knows whom will be sitting next to you.  If you are a person who finds diversity distasteful, this is NOT the place for you.  This place feels, looks, and sounds like REAL Philadelphia.  
My only negative observation is the staff.  It is not that they are poor servers or in any way unpleasant, but they can interject themselves a bit too much into YOUR conversation.  This isn't always a bad thing - I come here sometimes specifically for the socialization - but they do not get the hint when you prefer to be left alone.  This is a minor negative, but sometimes you do just want a quiet dinner and drink with your special someone.  
Overall a different take on the casual dining scene in Roxborough, but one that is appreciated!Worst service of my life. Foods not bad. Prices are decent but the service is shit. I am embarrassed for them. I asked for a vodka martini and watched the girl make it 4 times and dump it out. And the one she served me was dark gin. They didn't take it off the bill. And it took 20 mins just to get a check. Won't go back. Ever. Sorry.Service a bit slow. Drinks ok for price. Food ok but bland. Best bet try to park in same side of the road, extremely difficult to cross Henry AvenueHidden gem in Roxborough!!! The prices are great!  I had the seafood combo. Dungeness crab, mussels, shrimp, fried and coleslaw. The waitress Nicole was very personable! Food was deLicious!Happy hour is 4 to 7 pm every night! Loved the asian pear! The bartender with the ponytail makes very strong drinks! 
It's very small so no big groups. Get there!!!  Be patient wIth trying to find  parking. It's in a residential area next to Delassandros. Enjoy!!Didn't expect much coming into the place, we were seated but the service was mediocre seeing as the bartender had many hats on playing waiter bussing tables and such but shortly after receiving our order we looked past the service, the seafood was delicious, we got the seafood tower for two and enjoyed everything in it even the condiments, will be returningI really really wanted to give this place a second try so I ordered again today. I ordered crab cheese fries from Uber eats and guess what it was missing? The crab. I couldn't believe it. I literally just had cheese fries. They don't answer the phone and I just wasted my money. Don't order from here it isn't worth it.I've been passing this place for weeks and thought we were guaranteed to be in for a treat. Seafood during Lent? Yes, please! As much as I want to give a shiny review, I just can't do it. My experience was average at best mainly because I didn't think the food was that good. Even the non-alcohol drinks were shabby. The tables are small and very close to other patrons. The bar area looks decent enough to hang out for a few drinks though we did not do so on this visit. Fortunately the prices aren't ridiculous. The staff was nice. Maybe it is just me, the place was packed on a Friday night. I may end up giving them another chance sometime. If it is better I will let you know.I live in the neighborhood and wanted to try it.  My dining partner can not eat seafood and there is not a lot on the menu for non-seafood eaters.  The beer selection was very nice, I had the seafood stew, which was excellent.  I also had fried oysters, they were very good.  The presentation on all fronts could use some help.  The stew was served in a 'cereal' type bowl, with no plate under it.  Not a big deal, but it matters.  The Oysters were good, but served in a ramekin all heaped together.  There were quite a few of them, but they would have looked a lot better spread out on a plate with some garnish.  My friend had a Caesar salad, which was nothing special (lots of croutons and untrimmed romaine lettuce).  She also had a burger which she said was okay.  The fries were lousy.  They were crisp and tasteless.    I was also unimpressed by the service.  It was not bad, but I had the impression that the server's phone was way more important to her than we were.  Not sure I would go back, it wasn't bad, but not a great place to eat.This is my second time here, and the food is good. I think the first time I came I was so hungry I didn't taste the food.
Today it was good and I had the Colossal Snowcrab Cluster with 3 Colossal Butterfly Shrimp. Delicious! Nikki is the ultimate multitasker and did a great job handling the bar and the booths.My friend and I had an early dinner here today after a 2 hour member's only walking tour of Laurel Hill Cemetery. I have nothing to add about the wonderful food and good, stiff drinks but wanted to give a mighty BRAVA! to our friendly and sweet server, Kasey. She had just gone on shift when we came in and she treated us with extreme, unfeigned friendliness, kindness and consideration. Fantastic service and care-Kasey really likes people and what she does. My friend and I are both old gay folks and often get marginalized as a result, but the hospitality here knows no age or sexual orientation. 
Excellent food (the PEI mussels and the fried, butterflied shrimp are MUST ORDERS), wonderful, laid back neighborhood vibe and the lovely Kasey taking care of us. Who could want or ask for more?! Make this your neighborhood place. You will never regret it!You guys are hilarious.... Its funny that you guys keep trying to throw your own barmaid under the bus... And around the same time your so called manager is responding to my reviews another so called customer leaves a negative review abt someone being on a phone.. I saw her working.. Im starting to think you guys are just racist pigs!
I just received a massage from a manager at Roxborough Seafood house.. If you have a conversation with someone you find out information abt them thats how i know her name and how long she was working with you guys.. Also this was not my first time there.. A few of you guys have nasty attitudes including your daytime barmaid Tina... You have a few bad reviews that i also read.. Maybe you should look it up! As for the David guy who mentioned real barmaids can make more then slushys.. If thats a person's specialty that's fine.. People need to stop being so critical.. She was very nice.. And we Will be going to vist her at her other bar.. God Bless you all and please stop the Hate!Oh boy, man ole man I don't even know where to start. So my girlfriend and I decided to go out for lunch. I'm looking at the menu so I decided to order the red snapper ( nope they didn't have it) so than I decided to get some scallops ( nope they don't have them) then I go to order some crab cakes( guess what nope they don't have them) so now at this time I'm a little irked because everything I wanted they didn't have. I ordered a half dozen of clams when they came out they where chewy and hard. I called over my waitress/ bartender to tell her I didn't like them, she says to me I have to order something else because they don't give refunds so then I decided to order some mussels (which was good thanks to the man that was sitting next to me!! So now we eating our salmon, mash potatoes and broccoli and guess what my friend found a clam shell in her mash potatoes as we swatting the flies away‍..then she says something to tameka and she says she don't know how that happened. Then when I asked to speak to the manager... guess what? She was the manager ...soooo now it's time for us to pay the tab, we gave her our cards to check us out....I hope y'all ready!!! The damn taped up machine didn't work... sooooo now as I'm typing we at Franklin's having a drink...hopefully your experience is better good luckI come here very often and to make a long story short the food is awesome! It beats the big seafood chain's ( like Joe's Crab Shack ) by a mile. Also the drinks are cheap! So what more can you ask for?Tonight's experience was ABSOLUTELY HORRIBLE!  The staff is beyond unprofessional.  The bar tender cursed me out and literally followed me outside and wanted to fight because I asked the manager if the place was "usually this unprofessional ".   I've never in all my dining experiences witnessed anything as deplorable and down right GHETTO as this.  I will NEVER in my life step foot in such an unprofessional establishment againFresh seafood prepared simply and well. Colossal fried shrimp are a highlight of the menu - highly recommended. I keep meaning to try the steamed crab clusters next time I come in, but the shrimp are so good, I just keep ordering them.Where do I  even begin.I walked in to find 4 young ladies behind the bar,1 acknowledged me and I seated myself no big deal except it took 20minutes to even come to the table and take a drink order.I finally ordered mussels thinking it's a seafood restaurant they have to be pretty good right?Not they were so full of that jarred I dont know what to call garlic I couldn't eat them without dumping them out.I did order a drink bottle of course,didnt trust a mixed drink or beer on tap(I've watched too much Jon Tapper Bar Rescue).Now I'm waiting for my shrimp and flounder and one of the girls behind the bar that was eating is now picking her teeth with a straw.Too bad I guess the people at the bar just dont care.Party of 8 arrived at the worst time, happy hour! Service was slow and the fried food was way over cooked. The fish were Whitings but had no seasoning or taste at all. Just greasy. The seafood soup rates "C+" at best. Steamed snow crabs were decent. They may need more staff help. To be fair the take out shrimp were perfectly fried and good overall.If I would've read the reviews we would've eaten someplace else.  This is definitely more of a bar than a restaurant.  As a previous reviewer noted the flies are an issue.  I ordered shrimp and crab cakes  my husband order a starter of clams and fried fish and shrimp combo.  The clams came out in a butter and garlic sauce but we weren't given utensils (plastic) so they were almost cold before we got a fork.  My shrimp came out in the same sauce as the clams but also covered in old bay seasoning.  My crab cakes didn't have any crab in them and tasted like hush puppies from long John silvers - also no tartar sauce was available.  My husband didn't even finish his fish he said it wasn't good.  We only ordered soda to drink and the bill was $60.this place is horrific!!!
it has very poor management!!
and the owner knows nothing about the business!
the resturant is so small, it's never kept clean... it's just so gross!!
 it has an ongoing  smell of dirty feet & cat piss; the entire time!! it's not an enjoyable experience; to say the least :-'(  (don't waste your money!!)
i must also mention:  that i've ate there many times in the past with my family. as well as my husband and i went on 2 dates here together.  we had dirty dishes set at our table several times, and had sent our food back this last time.  we won't ever be going back here again!
this resturant needs to be inspected by the better business bureau, as well as the food & safety inspections for resturants too on a regular basis!! 
it honestly needs to be closed down for business... as soon as possible in the future!  
kimberly mcI am pescatarian so I eat all types of fish and other seafoods.... I try just about every seafood place I come across.... no offense but this one is my least favorite due to the major lack of seasoning... i ordered fried flounder with steamed fish and a friend of mine had crab cakes.... both platters were set to the side... I was surprised by the amount of people there that the food would taste that way.... whoever took my order over the phone was nice so she got the rating of 2 stars.Cute, quaint and delicious!!! A perfect combination don't cha think. My husband and I drove about 15 minutes from home and had a wonderful experience. The food was tasty. And it didn't take long after ordering. As a bartender I was looking forward to trying the drinks of course. They had a cute drink menu with their signature drinks inside. I tried the Russian Kryptonite and it was so tasty! The waiter, waitress and bartender were extremely pleasant. I will definitely be going back.The fried shrimp are delicious. I've had the dungeness crabs and fried fish too. Its a local bar with limited seating, maybe 6-8 booths and a bar. 
Service has always been ok, not bad, not great. It's not a five star restaurant but it's great for a casual seafood dinner. I will go again for sure.