I think I need to give this restaurant another chance. Overall the service was okay. First beer my fiance ordered they did not pour it for him. The second beer they actually poured it and left over 2 inches of foam. Minor details but wouldn't expect it happening here. It also seemed like we weren't getting as much attention by our waiter as other diners. They weren't understaffed either but maybe just getting used to the layout of the restaurant and where things are located. 
The food was okay. The only thing I would love to order again is the smoked trout croquettes. The lobster farfalle was underwhelming. If you tried the sauce by itself you could taste the truffle. Unfortunately, the pasta absorbed all the flavor of the sauce so the dish seemed bland. Lobster and pasta were cooked perfectly though. The lamb dish my fiance ordered had layers of flavor. Wish I ordered that! We really wanted dessert but it wasn't  appealing so we skipped it.
I would come back because I really want to try the charcuterie. Also of note, it's a very dark restaurant with music that didn't fit the ambiance.Everything was great - cocktails, apps, dinner, dessert. All delicious! Lobster farfalle and pork schnitzel were out of this world!We had a delicious after-movie dinner at Royal Boucherie on a Friday night. Our server was attentive and friendly, the interior of the restaurant was attractive, and the French 75 I ordered with cognac instead of gin was mixed just right. (When I asked our server to have the cocktail made with "not too much cognac, please", she didn't roll her eyes, and obviously relayed the request to the bartender. My husband had the cheeseburger with pork fat fries (delicious) and I enjoyed the sweetbread terrine and the endive salad. (Although I would have preferred just a tad. Ore flavor in the salad dressing.) For dessert we shared chocolate pudding, which was dense and chocolatey like a pots de creme. Overall a very enjoyable experience. Glad to see a new, good restaurant near the Ritz theaters! 
One note - my coffee was lukewarm. Tasty, but not hot.Words can't do this place justice, the drinks were fantastic and the food lived up to my high expectations. Money well spentSolid new place in Old City. Excellent atmosphere and menu selection, definitely geared more toward the meat and seafood eater. Drinks were great with house made sodas. Charcuterie board could be better.I was so surprised by this place! 
Stumbled upon it because we couldn't find another nice place with their kitchen open past 10pm on a Saturday night in the Old City. 
The meatballs were ok - nothing great, but hit the spot. The duck hearts were cool for the novelty, but were like eating hot dogs (but the waitress told us that would be the case and boy was she right.)
The highlight of the meal was the lobster pasta dish. I would totally go to this place just for it. It ruled! If anyone likes lobster and pasta in a sherry type of sauce - get it!Manager helped us out to figure out vegetarian work-arounds. Brunch is best option for vegetarians - N.B, Not many vegetarians options for dinner. Great servers and bartenders. Food is wonderful. We will continue to return many times!Wow!!!! Top 5 best meals we've had in philly the oysters are phenomenal! The lobster farfadelle - perfectly al dente with hints of truffle... amazing. Braised Pork cheek - hands down, best thing on the menu. great drinks! And amazing attentive and helpful staff. We will 100% be back!!Great rehab of the space.  The atmosphere of dark browns, with a tin ceiling and exposed brick establishes an appropriate French bistro vibe.  
Began with the steak tartare.  It was spicy and flavorful; really good.  However, the piece of bread it was served on was too thick.  Speaking of bread, its French bistro cred took a hit by not serving bread and butter to start the meal. 
One large plate was the lamb crepinette, which was described as a kind of lamb turducken.  It was ground lamb and lamb sausage wrapped in caul around a lamb bone.  It was interesting, albeit a bit too salty.  It came over a selection of root vegetables, which I was suppose was seasonally correct, but also rather boring.  It would have been better served over white beans, and with some greens, such as Brussels Sprouts.  The other large plate was the pork chop special.  It was more like pork belly than a chop; it had a substantial amount of fat.  It came with roasted potatoes. 
There were only five wines by the glass.  The red from Cahors was the best.  The two Italian ones (at a French bistro?!?!?!) were too acidic and dull on flavor. 
The music - Soft Cell, Tainted Love, for example - was an odd choice and diminished from the overall effect.  The service was very crisp.4.5 stars, but unfortunately I can't do that. 
   Came here with a party of 6 to celebrate a special event. We made reservations ahead of time and there is a convenient parking lot across the street from the restaurant. Upon coming in the downstair was very noise, but I was glad that we were taken upstairs to dine. The upstairs had a quieter ambiance when we arrived and the music was softer upstairs, however, once 8:00 pm rolled around and it filled up with larger parties the noise level definitely increased to the level of the music downstairs. There is also a small outdoor seating area for smaller parties. The establishment has old charm to its decor with dark wood interior and original floors that used to be a butcher shop. There is an upstairs and a downstairs bar so you won't have to wait for your drink too long or for the waiter/waitress to make it up and down the stairs. 
   After looking over the menu several times we ordered a variety of appetizers: the duck meatballs, sourdough boule, steak tartare, smoked trout croquettes, and escargot. The duck meat in the meatballs is mixed with pork meat and served with fresh herbs and dijon mustard. The waitress did not mention that pork meat is mixed with the duck meat when we ordered it, nor was it stated in the menu, but when I specifically asked she checked (as I do not eat pork) and it is a mixture. The meatballs were juicy on the inside and cooked to a medium. The steak tartare was served with smoked cheddar tuile served, a raw quail egg on top with mustard greens, and grilled rye bread. The meat itself was fresh and raw as can be, besides being on the animal itself. The smoke trout croquettes were fried in pork fat served with Calabrian chile that added a nice heat to the fish. The escargot was braised with champagne and served with chartreuse-hazelnut butter that I had not tasted in any other escargot that I had ordered previously at other establishments and a crispy baguette. The sourdough boule was hot, crispy on the outside, soft on the inside, and served with sea salt and butter. It went quickly. From the appetizers that I did try they were flavorful and fantastic and I am glad that we got a variety to try. I was told that the appetizers that I did not try were just as good.
   For the main course I ordered the whole poached lobster, which was served over ice with a tartar like sauce. I had to wait and look droolingly while other people's main course came before mine arrived. Between all of their food arriving and my lobster it was probably 10-15 minutes of waiting time. The lobster was succulent and juicy, I could definitely eat it all day if my stomach had the space for it. Two people ordered scallops that was served with winter squash, trumpet mushrooms, and pumpkin seed granola. It was cooked perfectly and the trumpet mushrooms were a big hit with their meats mild flavor, they just wished there was more of them on the plate. The roasted lamb top sirloin was flavorful and juice at its medium rare cook and was served with barley, spring onions, and confit potato. The seared duck breast had a perfectly slit crispy skin on top of the tender meat served with a spiced jus, white sweet potato, and turnips.
   This restaurant has delicious food and a great environment. If you are looking for a not too fancy place to eat with great food, I would highly recommend this place.The best brunch in Old City. One of the most beautiful restaurants in the city. The service was excellent. Some of the best Cocktails I have had in a while. Can't wait to back for dinner.Great atmosphere - dark but warm, open space, love the tin ceilings! Music was... early 90s? Siouxie, Pixies, etc. Interesting choice. 
Food was good - and some dishes were great! Get the sausage stuffed fried olives! They were excellent, and a steal at $5! Escargot were good (although the toasted baguette served with was a bit hard to work with). My friend had the foie gras special appetizer and seemed to love it. BUT... the steak au poivre, which we shared, was SMALL (for $30) and thin, gristly, fatty, and overcooked (we ordered it medium rare, came out medium well - well). The other components of the dish (potatoes, sauce) were great, but the protein was extremely disappointing. 
Cocktails were good (love the barware!), wine list is extensive and has some reasonable choices. 
Service was great. We were there for a loooong time and felt attended to but not rushed. 
All in all, I really enjoyed our meal there - and the atmosphere alone will get me back. But I may skip the entrees to focus on more of the small plates.Ambience lovely.
Service first class.
The small charcuterie was tasty and huge and more than enough for the two of us.
We shared a salad and their signature lobster and pasta dish.
Delicious!I've had an extremely busy few weeks and I decided to have a night of krista tonight!! I've been wanting to try here for a while now and was super bummed I missed out on a pop up finger lakes wine night...
So I sat at the bar and started with a wonderful gruner Vetliner sparkling (rare find) the bartender recommended. I asked for a few of his favorites for dinner he suggested the burger and the lobster pasta..obviously I landed on the lobster pasta and as for appetizers he recommended the stuffed fried olives which I'm sure are great but I'm not a big olive eater and the chicken liver mousse. I normally would have hopped on the chicken liver but I was already invested in the pasta.
I had the scallop crudo I which was slightly too oily for my taste but still good with the scallop and grapefruit combo and I think poppy seeds? Give it a try I think I just had too much finishing oil...large portions, you get two huge scallop shells filled with the stuff!
The lobster pasta was absolutely amazing! The pasta had a nice bite to it and the lobster is melt in your mouth...what an amazing combination!! I honestly could have finished it but I wanted more for later...so I had maybe a quarter..ok maybe an 8th of it boxed up.
I was so happy to see an old friend/ex bartender of kanella south she made sure to briefly stop by from time to time in between tables! She and the bartender (micah) informed me of some great up coming events which hopefully I can make..
All in all my experience was top notch from start to finish, will be back and recommend 10 out of 10. Ambiance is great for a date night (dark with cool music) just like you'd expect from royal izakaya or the tavern but with some seriously upscale food and an amazing wine/cocktail menu. Plus you can easily dine solo and make small talk with the friendly staff!The service was outstanding (it seems like the kitchen was not the only thing influenced by Le Bec Fin!), especially considering the packed house for NYE, and their suggestions for pairings were spot on. Our sausage was snappy, the scallops were PERFECT (might have been the best I've had in the city), and the duck was busting with flavor and had just the right amount of fat. Everything was so good that we got a big bowl of hot sourdough just to mop up any extra tastiness left on the plate. Excellent!! The only thing I'd change was the music choice (classic rock our night) but who cares when the food, service, and overall ambiance is this great? We'll be back to try the steak and lambMy girlfriend and I joined two other couples at Royal Boucherie for dinner on a Thursday night. At first I was surprised that the chef from Laurel would setup shop across from Plough and the Stars and next to Khyber Pass pub, but I gave it the benefit of the doubt. The ambiance was quaint with jazz music and an attractive bar. We shared several apps/small plates that were very good: barramundi crudo, salmon tartare, fried olives. The escargot were a bit disappointing- small and sandy. For entrees I had the burger and my girlfriend had a variant of the lobster pasta dish. The burger was comprised of two all beef patties, special sauce, lettuce, cheese, pickles (no onions!) on a brioche bun. It was surprisingly filling when paired with duck fat fries, but did not stand out from other gourmet burgers in Philly. The pasta was fairly small but dressed with enough lobster and cream sauce to make it filling. We skipped the dessert menu, which had nothing cold and nothing chocolate. In general this is more of a "French inspired" restaurant, good for dates, but not a particularly good value.Came in here as an out of towner at the suggestion of a quaint little pub right next door called Khyber Pass which I would suggest as well. The food was absolutely amazing and the atmosphere is great. Even though they were out of reservations for the evening they did everything they could to accommodate us for a full meal at the bar. The charcuterie board is out of this world!!! So delicious and their Pate and Foie Gras would keep us coming back for more time after time. Cocktails, Beer and wine selection are great as well. Very impressed overall.I was excited to hear that old city was getting a new restaurant. Better yet, it's a French-inspired bistro. It has an old-world, warm and woody feel with great lighting and an eager-to-please staff. The menu is a mix of small plates and entrees, with prices from reasonable to jaw-dropping. We tried the lamb meatballs, escargot and oysters to start, all of which were delicious. The burger was also a hit. One of the best burgers I've had in a while. The wine list is mostly French, which was expected. I would have liked to have seems some more modestly priced wines by the glass, or a house wine. One can hope for some happy hour specials to be added. I'd love to come back but the prices may put me off. Still, everything we tried was delicious and worth another visit.I came to the Royal Boucherie with high expectations and many recommendations! I really liked the food, but I think I had a preconceived idea of the restaurant that was different to what I had imagined. 
The restaurant was more of a posh bar, but I'm not a big fan of bars so I'm biased. 
The food was really good, My hamburger was delicious, the chicken and waffles were outstanding and highly recommended! 
I ordered a lavender mock tail which I thought would be very decorated with flower garnishes and other fun stuff. It was still pretty cool but more of like a Potion straight out of Harry Potter. 
I think I was expecting a slightly different experience from this hyped placed but it was still very good!I came on a Thursday night for a small dinner, and the restaurant had a good number of people. The decor made me feel like I was in a London pub and was very enjoyable. It was fairly loud, but it didn't detract from my table.we ordered escargot, shrimp toast, and the pork belly. The pork belly was my favorite and as tender as butter. The area surrounding it is very fun to walk around, but This place should be your destination!The atmosphere was quiet, quaint charming and warm.  Service was good with an excellent selection of good wines.  Menu was diverse duck, oysters, and gnocchi.  I got the Scallops which were tasty but cold.  Desserts were best part of the meal chocolate pudding, these little donuts with chocolate and Vanella dipping, and Pennsylvania sugar pie.Incredible food! I let the staff know when I made the reservation that I would be proposing to my girlfriend beforehand. They made sure we had a nice romantic corner table, congratulated us, and they gave us complimentary champagne and dessert! Appetizers were incredible. Pork rinds were heavenly, had the steak and lobster pasta entrees and couldn't decide which we liked better. Awesome experience, can't wait to go backJust went there for lunch...food is really  good atmosphere great.We were not rushed,staff friendly and helpful.We were a mixed bag of ages and nationalities and we all felt comfortable being there...Cocktails are good..I normally think too sweet ,but these were excellent.Very authentic French cuisine,but American sized portions.....how could they go wrong!!!!!!I had wanted to try this place. Girlfriend took me here for my birthday and it wasn't great. We sat at the bar, it was about half full. Three bartenders behind the bar talking to one another rather then customers. We had some wine which was very good. We ordered bread and butter with a burger. There was a long wait and both came out together. Bread was a little over and the burger bordered on raw. We ordered medium rare and it was pretty rare, but delicious. The fries were so over salted e
We simply couldn't eat them. No one asked if everything was ok. Very attractive and good concept, but not somewhere we would return to.Great drinks, but I was expecting more from the food. This restaurant is casual and a fun place to go with friends. The pastas were pretty good.Had a great Valentine's Day dinner. We had the duck meatballs/oysters/foie gras/bread/lobster pasta/steak. Everything was good the only complaint I had was the bread. They charge for the bread and butter so I think the bread should be better than it was. Parc has better bread and theirs is free. Oh the endive salad was very very goodMy husband and I were expecting great things based on reviews, but were sadly disappointed. The only thing that was consistent was the fabulous table service, thank you LJ. We had reservations but didn't want to be seated behind the hostess table. Instead of offering us the two other booths they had available or even a table upstairs they gave us a tiny table in the front section. Food wise the stuffed olives were okay; the crudo was good, but too much dill; the beet salad was okay; the mussels were tasteless; the escargot was bland; the steak was average but was way too fatty. Over all a big expensive disappointment. We very much wanted to love this place, but no such luck.LOVED our date night here from start to finish. Excellent food, service, cocktails...we still talk about the food to this day and can't wait to return.I had the most wonderful, romantic dinner here on a date.  Service was excellent, food was excellent, and I loved the decor.  I would certainly come back again.I'm a big Top Chef fan and when I was staying in Philly I had to go to Nick Elmi's restaurant. I wasn't there long enough to dine during at the time of my meal of choice (dinner) so I took what I could get and settled for breakfast. I was not disappointed. I started off with a bloody mary made with their house mix. I asked my server if I could get it spicy and that was no problem. It was delicious. For my meal I had the pancakes~~BOMBZO, steak tartare~~Meatlife, and a side of the breakfast potatoes~SOLID!! 
Definitely coming back for dinner next time I'm in Philly
TC SlabsMy experience was okay. Nothing special. I'm a little annoyed with a couple of things. First I ordered a 16 dollar glass of champagne and they put it in a martini glass which not only barely gave me any, but it lost its fizz quite quickly. Second the duck meatballs were horrible. Don't ever order them. I got sick right after I ate them.What a wonderful dinner! Everything was amazing and I am def. coming back. 
The pork stuffed olives were a great snack to start with and then we had a cheese board and salad. For entree I enjoyed the cod dish and my husband had the burger and duck fat fries. He seriously said it was "the best burger I ever had." That is a huge compliment coming from him! 
Oh And the cocktails were amazing! I had the 'Peas Don't Go' and it was perfect. 
Cheers!I do not plan to write a long review here, but take my word for it - best burger in Philadelphia.Went here for dinner and the food was great! We ordered the pork stuffed fried olives, small meat plate and trout croquettes for starters, the lamb and escargot as the main meal, and the beignets for dessert - filled up two hungry adults! The lamb was great but the highlight was the dessert. The beignets were phenomenal so leave room for them - you won't want to miss this. No complains about the food - very well done. The restaurant has a vintage low-key royal French vibe, easy ambience and the service was great. Perfect fit for all occasions - you can be casual or as fancy as you want. There's a cute deck-seating area but it's a bit chilly out now so will definitely return for some outdoor seating!I was contacted by the staff with a thoughtful, and appreciated, response the the original review. That level of attention and professionalism says a great deal and we will come back to Royal Boucherie the next time we are in Philly. It was never "screw this place" but with so many choices in the area, we probably would not have been back. Will update review.A fine addition to the neighborhood. The impeccable service that you would expect from a Stephen star restaurant. I found the ambience to be a little too dark for my taste, particularly for brunch. With that said the food was delicious albeit a little bit on the pricey side. The server was very accommodating with making modifications to the menu items to satisfy dietary restrictions of the table. The breakfast sandwich was delicious. The steak tartare was also wonderful, although the portion was fairly small. They serve a rose cider that I have never seen before and it was simply lovely.We attended for Valentines day and the food was very good. Service was great. Ambiance was great. Its a very different menu, so a definite experience to try new things. Everything was cooked exceptionally well.Very lovely setting in this establishment that a friend intro'ed me to recently. I really enjoyed the view sitting up front with all the outside doors open & the service was excellent too. Food was okay (with such great reviews maybe I caught them off key) & bar area looks great- will definitely go back for Happy Hour & a plate of two at the bar.  Enjoy.My boyfriend surprised me for by birthday and took me here.  It was the most romantic dinner we've had in the city, I would argue. We loved it.  Warm ambience.  Carefully crafted food.  Elegant menu.  Just lovely.  Do not take picky eaters here, side note.  Take someone that truly enjoys food.  
I hope we find an excuse to come backI'll preface this with saying my wife and some of our friends like this place more than I do. Service is friendly and professional although, most recently, our waitress disappeared for awhile. The food is good and they offer small plates and large plate options. I have had a variety of their small plates and all were fresh and well-prepared. I agree with other reviewers that the price points are too high and the portions are very small. I know this is old city and is geared toward tourists to some extent. My wife likes the upstairs "outdoor" space so might be a nice place for cocktails. Not sure I would go back which is a shame because their menu looked promising. I will also add that our experience may be a little tainted by the group of slightly drunk millennials sitting behind us who were not only a little loud and obnoxious but also bristled at the prices once the check came....Our meal was so French and fabulous. The drinks were awesome and so was the dessert. We would definitely come back. The service was impeccable, Megan M was so attentive, pleasant and very knowledgeable of the menu. We had a great experience.The Royal Boucherie has the best escargot I've tasted in the city. I was literally licking the bowl clean. The ambiance here is wonderful and the food is consistently delicious. It's a bit pricy, but you're paying for the exact quality that you're receiving. I recommend for anyone searching for amazing escargot, looking for a good day night spot, or visiting the city.Here's my honest to goodness, No frills down-to-it review. 
The meat board- 2/3 Stars. Presentation looks amazing- flavor? Not so much. Meat is shaved paper thin- literally I could see through it. Flavor is lacking and accompaniments make no sense. Looks way better than it tastes.
Cheese board- we actually sent this back, and they removed it from our bill. It's a third grade cheese board. It was pitiful for the price and location. Try harder. The cheese was basic, lacked pungency- don't do it. 
Sour dough bread- best thing on the menu. Yea, I said it. 
Atmosphere- dimly lit, soft lighting- perfectly done! A+ 
Drinks- way to expensive. If the food wasn't so bad I wouldn't mind the drink prices. 
This place is over hyped and I will be back... for the bread and lighting.We went for New Years Eve dinner. My husband and I ordered the steak tartar for an appetizer which was very good. My husband ordered the scallops which he throughly enjoyed and I ordered the surf and turf. It was probably one of the best filets I've had in this city, the only thing negative I noticed was for $60, the portions were a bit lacking in size. I ordered the Royal Punch for a drink which was tasty but not my favorite. I also ordered one of the dessert cocktails for dessert (the one with vodka and coffee flavored) and it was amazing. Service was attentive, friendly and knowledgeable. A little put off by the price point for the portion size but other than that, the food was extremely good. The interior is very nice and perfectly lit for a nice dinner date (not too bright and not so dark you cant find your fork). The balloons they had for NYE made for a nice touch. I also was a fan of the music selection- a little bit of The Killers played at a nice background volume is always welcomed by me.Excellent! The interior is warm and cozy with an old school vibe. The drink menu was fun and the cocktails were great. We split a few apps, all of which were very good but I highly recommend the fried olives. For dinner, we had the chicken fried rabbit, lobster farfalle and the steak. It's hard to pick a favorite among them because they were all excellent, but my friend said the steak may have been the best he's ever had. I've never had chicken fried rabbit before and I was pleasantly surprised by how much I liked it. It certainly isn't a cheap place to eat but for what it was I thought the prices were pretty appropriate and reasonable. Definitely check it out.All around 10/10 (or 5 stars for Yelp), from the moment I entered the door - greeted with smiles, directed to a seat at the bar while I waited for my table, water served immediately and cocktail menu available before even asking for either, prompt, delightful and knowledgable service from the bartender. I ordered a cheese plate while waiting for my party and had a few questions. You could tell that the girl who was answering the questions was new because she fumbled through them a bit (all with a smile), but every step of the way there was someone behind her, coaching and training her - these are the signs of a great restaurant.. Superior service.. Not to mention the sublime cocktails and delectable food. We were seated as soon as the rest of my party arrived, but we were not rushed from the bar even though it was prime dinner time. In fact, we were invited to finish our cocktails at the bar at our leisure and we would be seated whenever we were ready. The ambiance made the experience even better - great music, dark, sexy, wood vibes but still bright enough to see and not too loud to have a conversation. Looks like it would be a great place for a special event with an upstairs and outdoor patio space too. Would definitely return and advise you to do the same!Beautiful decor with an excellent tap list and fantastic cocktails. We were seated at the upstairs bar and noticed gorgeous outside seating on the same floor. Unfortunately it was raining, but the bar was quaint and quiet. Friendly staff and excellent bartenders seal the deal (Mikah is a top notch bartender). Do yourself a favor and swing in for a good evening.I had this place in my yelp bookmarks for a while and finally got around to actually going for dinner. The service was stellar. However, considering the pricing and small portions, I was expecting something not so casual.
In all the food was good. I got the small chatcurire board and I especially loved the chopped chicken liver spread. For my entree, I got the lamb, which was cooked to a perfect medium-rare, but I wasn't too impressed with it.
I would probably come back for the small plates, just not for an entree.Extremely good service from very friendly people.  The food and drink are exceptional.  I can't recommend this place enough.Go here!  The ambiance is warm, the staff is skilled, the fancy chef mills about, and the food is good.  The cocktails were very well done, with obvious attention to detail.  I recommend the Royal Punch.  For starters, we had the fried olives (every bar in the world should serve these) and foie gras. I enjoyed the steak au poivre for dinner (though it was just what it should be, nothing more or less) but the stand out was the lamb crepinette my friend had.  Meat stuffed in more meat?  Yes please.This place is seriously special! 
The warm atmosphere and good vibes makes me want to come back again and again. Great cocktails and amazing food! 
We tried the fried pork olives (surprisingly great), steak tartare, escargot, poached lobster, sourdough boule and oysters.The escargot in the green sauce reminds me of Le Bec Fin, so good! We loved everything, from the shrimp cocktail and fried olives, to the scallops, chocolate dessert and pistachio ice cream. Can't wait to go back!Went here for dinner was extremely happy with the charcuterie. Will most likely come back strictly for the charcuterie. Lots of small bites, perfect for after work happy hour!Sitting upstairs at dusk and looking out the windows, I could easily imagine that I was in the 1800's. My Gibson worked well with the impressive Charcuterie board and an amazing Foie Gras terrine. Next came the Escargot. This was truly a stand out especially when compared to others in the past. Impossibly tender with a perfectly balanced sauce. For the main I had the Pork Cheeks. An interesting contradiction with the caramelized crust and the super tender and juicy meat all leading to a nice mouth feel. I'm already planning my next visit where I'll probably sit at one of the two bars and enjoy the Terrine and Escargot with a nice cocktail.came here with some friends on a sunday afternoon for some afternoon drinks out on the patio and had a nice time!
i ordered the lavender bow tie w/ kettle and it was beautiful and so refreshing! i really love this drink, definitely will be back for some more!
the patio was so adorable and the staff were so nice enough to dry off the chairs for us after the rain that happened. i can't wait to be back to try the foodServer was phenomenal! Best charcuterie plate in the city hands down and we got the small one. Can only imagine the large! Steak tartar was too salty to eat but overall great experience. Will definitely be going back!There's not much to say that hasn't already been said in a number of the other reviews.  The restaurant is beautiful.  the food is beautiful and complex and the service is excellent.
Everything we had was excellent and I would recommend them all.  The charcuterie board was had several interesting things and the liver/pate item was far and away the best.  From the small plates the steak tartare and escargot were both divine.  We also had the lobster pasta, which was excellent.  For all the dishes I was ready to lick the plate.
A lovely place that provides excellent food while not being too "fancy."  Would highly recommend.Lunch time extravagance with charcuterie & west coast oysters that's pretty traditional with great service with a comfortable feel & look1 Star for Ambiance, Interior, and Service
1 Star for "Snacks" (Small Appetizers)
-3 Stars for Entrees
"Snacks"
Panisse = Good
Toulouse Sausage = Good
Entrees
Boucherie Burger = I asked for a well-done burger (I had a bad experience with ground beef.). It came to me medium-rare. How do you confuse medium-rare for well-done? Also, the burger was bland and plain. I was charged $17. I've had better burgers at places like Johnny Rockets. The buns were fresh and french fries tasted good, though.
Braised Pork Cheek = It was way too salty. Every bite was like a mouthful of salt. It was brined or cured with too much salt. Pork is already naturally salty. I literally couldn't take more than a few bites. The prunes and everything else on the plate were good, though. 
If the owner is trying to make you thirsty and buy more drinks from the bar with the salt, it's overkill. Use less salt please. 
For $29 (basically a $30 plate), I expect good food. For $30 or less, I can get an amazing plate of food anywhere in the world. Stay away from these two entrees. They're not good or worth the price. 
Most of the other customers came for alcohol and oysters, so i'm guessing they're the main attraction. Hard to mess them up
Entrees, I should have sent them back. But, I was too shy. Lesson learned. Next time, if you don't like a plate of food, send it back. Or, you'll end up writing a Yelp review. 
*They opened a few months ago. So, hopefully, they improve. However, I saw the chef/owner talking to his friends without talking to any customers to ask about the food. But, he owns two other restaurants in Philly. No excuses. Who dropped the ball in the kitchen?Went here for a work dinner. Loved the wine and it was fun to taste different things. The charcuterie board was very yummy - I don't eat that very often and I was impressed ! Also came with my friend and we split the burger. So good.Two stars because they partially refunded a mistake. Come here for 4/5 star prices and 1 Star food. 
Their waffles taste like they're made and then frozen and then thawed out again. It wasn't crispy or brown. The fried chicken - you don't even get white meat and the dark meat with slimy. 
Don't waste your time. I wish I read my own review before coming here.
The service wasn't even good. Our waitress was nice, but for how slow it was they sent my drink to an incorrect table and brought me incorrect oysters. No one cleaned our table. No one brought me butter for my toast. Another table ordered poached eggs and had to send them back - a big no no for a restaurant charging this much.I don't usually post my reviews, but I had to for this one! The restaurant was phenomenal! Food was delicious, drinks were fantastic, service was spot on. The night could not have gone any better. The burger was cooked to perfection, and the lobster pasta was out of this world. I will definitely be a return customer! 
-RichOnly my second trip to Philly; I always try to find the "real" city culture.  I think I found it here.  Atmosphere is perfect and the menu was exactly what I was looking for.  90% of the menu won't be found anywhere else and the choices were staggering.  Ended up with a Charcutery (small) and a cheese board so I could try as many new things as possible.  Was not disappointed.  I believe there a chicken liver pate with honey, it was incredible.
Our bartender, Zeke?, was awesome and steered me to some new gin cocktails I had never had.  He steered away from some towards others and he read me perfectly.  My favorite was the Aviation.  Great presentations.  Would recommend to anyone wanting something better than the norm.This place is awesome! Amazing vibes and drinks. The restaurant stays open until 1:00 AM every night. They serve food at all hours including an amazing late night menu. The patio is a great place to come to have a couple of drinks and cheeses during the day or night. I would definitely recommend this place for an intimate dinner with friends or date night.I recently went to Royal Boucherie for dinner with my client and it did not disappoint. We started with the large charcuterie and it was the perfect size for 6 of us. The selections on the platter were excellent tasting and all made in house. My steak au poivre entree was perfectly cooked. Everyone was impressed by the restaurant. I highly recommend this place for foodies, a date or dinner with clients.Overall this place was wonderful. The ambiance and the food was top notch. They were very welcoming and very accommodating.  Favorite dishes: smoked trout croquettes, duck meatballs, the braised pork cheek, and the lobster farfalle. Great dinner on a freezing night after touring the city all day.I am an old city resident & dine at royal boucherie regurlarly...
while the food is consistently good, the bar staff is so lame, i dont even have words for the ineptness & incompetence of these employees & how they manage to stay employed.
when i am paying $30 for an entree, i REFUSE to pay $12 for a damn Mojito thats not even close to a Mojito .
How in the Hell does Management justify paying these loser bartenders to work at such a place of this caliber & they cant even make a simple everyday drink as a Mojito??
Shame on you Royal Boucherie for continuing to employ these incompetent people you call Bartenders..
 Tsk Tsk Tsk ..
Run on over to Amada & see Zane the Bartender for ANY decent, simple cocktails you have a yearning for , bc Royal Boucherie will leave you with a hankering for a REAL drink .. especially at $12 a drink..
 TOTAL RIPOFFWent there last week and it was great. I can't stop thinking about the burger and will be frequenting often. The atmosphere was upbeat and had great music. The staff was friendly and our waiter, Christian, was extremely nice and knowledgeable with the menu and wine list. Highly recommend to anyone looking for a great meal (except vegetarians).Really wonderful addition to the neighborhood. French Bistro dark wood tavern atmosphere. It's French food mostly plus burgers and raw bar. Great cocktails and nice wine list. Casual setting although on sat night a few men had sport coats and some ladies dressed nicely. We had great oysters, loved tuna tartare, crudo, duck was excellent. Didn't like the lyonnaise salad because I don't like frisée. Neighboring tables had terrines and fois gras. Latter looked great. Lots of small plates and some entrees. Will go back to try some of the other items.Got to our reservation promptly only to find out our table was not ready. We where given an option so we had to wait 10 minutes. Food is good  and waiter was knowledgeable about the dishes offered. Our party of 7 had a total bill of $500. The one problem we had, since it's a 5star restaurant is that dish was not to our liking and prepared poorly. When confronting the waiter, he said that he had told the chef about the poorly prepared dish and didn't care a customer was unpleased a leaving unhappy. We still tipped 20%, because that's what expected of customers seeking a great dinner, but they did nothing to upheld there end of a 5star restaurant. That is poor and unprofessional. I recommend this restaurant only to those seeking a 2star and untrustworthy....Yesterday was our second visit and we still love the place.  This time we had no reservations so sat comfortably at the raw bar and were intending to only have drinks and appetizers.  Ended up staying for dinner - pork stuffed olives, barramundi crude, turbot special - and four drinks (bourbon sour, rose cider, Gibson, white wine.  All soooo good!Unexpected & a very welcoming surprise.  You walk in & are immediately greeted with kindness & smiles.  We got a table for 4 with our 2 kids on the outdoor patio which was only 1 flight of stairs.  It was quaint and absolutely perfect.  Love the old Americana feel with a Brooklyn modern twist.  Our kids love adult menus so we ordered oysters to start which were so fresh.   Next the escargot was drenched in a tiny pot of buttered herbs.  It was unbelievable! My husband got the duck which he said was cooked to perfection.  My daughter got the lobster farfalle- it was divine!  I got the scallops & also cooked to perfection.  
A great experience & meal!  I would definitely do another trip to Philly for another amazing meal at RB! 
This place is very cool!Came here twice this month! the menu offers a great selection and after 2 visits, i can finally comment on all the items that caught my attention!
Small stuff:
Pork stuffed olives
good and interesting! but not my favorite lol
smoked trout croquette
this encompassed a lot of the elements i like in an appetizer! surely, it was my favorite of the small items~ the dipping sauce of chipotle mayo and paprika was an awesome compliment to the croquette!  perfectly round and fried with a crispy coat.  inside is nice and mushy haha.  i would recommend this over the pork stuffed olives!
Duck meatballs
another dish of round balls lol this was super tender! a bit like a swedish meatball but better lol if you have room, this would be a good addition to your selection.
Escargot
looks can be deceiving.  i agree this app lacks presentation but let me assure that this worth trying! i have no idea how they turn the sauce green but it's very creamy with a nice balance from the garlic!  great for dipping the baguette in and also with the fried olives!  the dish is easily good for sharing between 2-3 people.  the portion is fair despite the miniature serving pot.
Prosciutto (special of the night)
i was never a big fan of charcuterie but i thought the prosciutto was very delicious! the flavor was there, the portion was good, the size of the slices was great! i would def get this again!
entrees:
Seared scallops
very creamy and nicely seared.  it comes with some root veggies and they go really well with the scallop.  one of my favorites! 
Lamb sirloin
i had the lamb twice and it didn't disappoint! very mild in gaminess but super flavorful from its execution.  maybe garlic is involved~ i couldn't really tell but this is a must-get for me! 
Duck breast
duck was good! decent portion~ i love it how it also included some confit with the breast but compared to everything else, this wasn't memorable.  don't get me wrong, it was still very good!
Lobster farfalle
if you're a pasta fan, this is your dish.  i loved the hint of truffle butter in there.  The truffle wasn't overpowering the lobster and everything blended very well! typically, a lot of truffle hinted pasta tends to all taste similar and mimic each other after a while.  this was different.  it wasn't the star of the night but really nice side dish to go with the meal.  this is good for sharing.
service was wonderful~ i love everything about this restaurant and can't wait to plan another visit!Oh my gosh.
I fell in love with this restaurant. 
We stumbled into Royal Boucherie without knowing much about it. We were planning to go to another place in the Olde City which closed earlier than expected, it was 10pm on a December Saturday night (yesterday, to be exact), I was cold and ready to anywhere. 
That was the best thing happened to us.
Their crudo, baby kale salad, salmon taretare, sourdough, chocolate terrain - wow. Everything was perfect. PERFECT. 
I've never thought I'd enjoy kale salad this much. So many layers - the smokiness of the cheddar, light touch of acid from chayote (we think it was chayote, not green apple), hint of sweetness from sherry vinegar - oh my goodness. 
Their crudo was perfectly hit the spot, salmon taretare was very interesting with combination of salted egg white and unsalted salmon making a beautiful harmony. 
The chocolate terrain - loved the contrast of texture between the two different chocolate, the layer added by cherry and pistachio. Every dish we had was so well thought out and executed perfectly. We appreciated the attention to detail, including every plate being warmed/chilled to match the ideal temperature of the food. 
As for the non-food part of the restaurant; equally great. Their drink selection was interesting in a good way. Service was amazing despite the fact that we showed up in hoodie and uggs, and that we were dining until their closing time. Wonderful ambience. Music varied from swing jazz to funk. 
We were wondering for the whole dinner who the chef was, because everything was so phenomenal - turned out it was Nicholas Elmi from Top Chef! Ha. No wonder.
I would go back there in a heart beat. I can't wait to try other dishes. If there is anyone visiting Philadelphia out of town, this is the place I would bring them to. Price was reasonable too - $75 including tax (not tip) for the above and a glass of beer and wine. Every single penny was worth it.I love the interior and atmosphere 
But the food.. we ordered steak and pork chip..
First i ordered medium rare for steak but it was more like just rare... and so small portion 
And pork chip was way too salty i thought i needed some bread or rice to go with so badly! 
Price was not cheap def but the portion and the taste could have been better.. 
wait staff were nice so no complaint for thatQuite simply, one of the best dining experiences ever. Because we went on a weeknight before 7:00, we each were comped a happy hour beer. And, it was a really good local brew and not something they needed to get out of there. I had the lamb sirloin which was seasoned and cooked perfectly. It was also the most tender piece of lamb I've had in years. My wife had the skate wing - you can hardly find that anywhere. Like the lamb, it was amazing!  Service was top notch, and the ambience was comfortable and classy.Indulgently amazing. Just a year in town in Olde City, this is one stop you DONT WANT TO PASS UP! we celebrated a special day here for brunch. It was a wonderful surprise that will now be in our "faves" for a stop off in the olde city area. Casually French but not stuffy - exceptional service and excellent menu selection. 
Our hats off to the bar for a wonderful starter - a custom Bloody Mary. Followed by a dirty martini made their own olive brine. Both exceptional. (Mike? )
Starters: a selection of cheeses: a hard a semi and a soft. Both hard and semi were delicious but a true 5 star would have Included a rich triple Creme Brie. Delice de Bourgogne or a nice Camembert. Wonderful baguette toast points. Honey and sweet preserves/jams accompanied perfectly. Definitely a great starter. 
Entrees: 
We opted for the eggs croquette and the frisée. The latter was unfortunately not my top choice but healthy. It was almost all frisée and definitely needed another poached egg. (Perhaps I was looking for more of a nicoise salad -with tuna heirloom tomatoes/grape tomatoes, grilled asparagus and green beans maybe even capers. ) 
A touch of Dijon  - perhaps a white balsamic? Saltiness of the bacon played well with vinagrette and left me wanting more!
The first dish  was superb in every way. It will be my choice next time we are here. Perfectly poached Eggs with pork belly and mushrooms - danced in this bowl of creamy Béchamel heavenly-ness. 
We opted for a side of scrapple that was sautéed to perfection. 
(IF you have never tried scrapple- try it here. This is traditionally  Philly.)
Dessert:  
Surprised so pleasantly by the extra mile the chef went by presenting us with an anniversary shared amuse bouche- well a bit more than that. 
Officially on my "five things you must eat before you die" this ranks #3 !! 
The indulgently delicious oh-so-fresh hot and fluffy scratch beignets were a sweet finish with warm Nutella and Creme anglaise dipping bowls. OMG heaven! 
The best combination of hot doughy chocolatey creamy ever.  Made our day! 
Service from start to finish was superb. Our server Laurie attended to our every need. Elegantly charming In atmosphere, for a moment we were whisked away to the gay streets of Paris and those Euro style swanky Brasseries.  
Can't wait to visit again for brunch dinner or lunch.  A must welcome addition to OLDE CITY. Royal Boucherie - they just upped the ante.We ordered several courses. We were generally pleased until the entrees arrived. We began our experience with the sourdough bread.  It was delicious; however, it wasn't warmed through. We also ordered the pork-stuffed olives. They were very good. The green salad was perfectly dressed. Unfortunately, that's where our enjoyment ended. The duck was under cooked. The leg meat was too salty, yet the breast was terribly under seasoned.  Ditto for the lamb - mild on the seasoning and cooked medium rare as opposed to the medium requested. Lastly, there was some redemption with the beignets and lavender bow-tie. 
I will not revisit.Great place to have money to spend with taste. Young friend would be delight to take their dates and matures friends is a great place to show the experience of having taste. Go, sit down and try to spend money so you could have a great complementary Balvenie.Had been wanting to try Royal Boucherie and scored a same day reso for a Fri night. We were seated promptly upon checking in at a half booth/half table right near the doors leading to the front patio. The doors were open on this particular fall evening which made for a nice touch. 
Ordered the sourdough bread with salt butter and cheese plate to start. Entree wise, 2/3 of us ordered the lobster pasta with truffle butter. They were able to accommodate a vegetarian pasta request for the third. All of us thoroughly enjoyed the pasta dishes, and could have easily polished off a bigger portion as they were on the smaller side. For dessert, we shared the beignets and bread pudding, both fine options but we all preferred the latter. 
The French 52 cocktail with sparkling rose, gin, lemon and rose water sounds promising but was absolutely undrinkable. It was completely overpowered with lemon and tasted bitter. I had to send back. Would recommend sticking to wine here!