This is truly a wonderful place for omakase. Very fresh sushi, well organized into an omakase course. Chef Ito is friendly. Highly recommend it.Conflicted about sharing, but you're going to hear about it anyway. Coolest restaurant in town, with great food, is in Queen Village. It's true.Best sushi I've had in the city... but they need a happy hour.  Tuna Guac is phenomenal, all the rolls were delicious.  Reasonably priced.  Great atmosphere.  Huge saki selection.  Packed on weekends.I am reviewing the sushi bar omakase in particular. It is really spectacular and is *easily* the finest sushi in Philadelphia. Chef Jesse Ito is a true master of his craft. The quality of the fish and preparations are immaculate and the price is very reasonable. A similar meal in NYC might cost you twice as much. It's still a splurge, but totally worth it for the sushi lover. The sake menu is also totally terrific and the waitstaff is highly knowledgable and able to help select a great pairing.We went for the full Omakase with Chef Jesse Ito. Hands down the best and freshest sushi in Philly. I must say it also rivaled San Fran Omakase. Everything is flown in fresh daily and Chef Jesse brings it to perfection. Overall a great experience that we will definitely be back for! In my opinion the best bites included:
1) fresh raw scallop
2) oyster
3) toro with caviar
4) uni + ikura + scallopPerfectly Japanese style food presentation of delicious and typical izakaya foods, with many sashimi options.  High quality ingredients and it's homemade, down to the gyoza.   The only feedback would be that the restaurant is too dark, and Japanese food is about color and appearance.  The darkness hides how great the food is.  Sake options are available to pair with your meal choices.The chef's table is expensive (half omakase - $65 per person for 10 pieces of sashimi), you are at the discretion of the chefs, getting reservations at 7-8 PM is difficult especially Thurday-Saturday, and you better not miss it because you face a steep price for any cancellation.
While the front room with the bar is noisy and crowded, the chef's table is in a separate room in the back with a notably reduced noise level. It only seats 8 people though. 
On the Wed. night we were there, Marcie Turney and Valerie Safran were sitting next to us. There is supposedly a steady stream of food industry regulars at the chef's table especially on Tues. and Wed. nights.   
It is entirely worth it. This is the best sashimi option in Philly right now and is on par with sashimi in NYC or San Francisco. The half omakase was also filling enough for a single person too.  
Best to go with a significant other given the very limited seating options at the chef's table. A party of 4 would work but likely would be difficult to get a decent time.I dined here last night, a Saturday night, with one friend. We arrived at 7pm and were seated within 10 minutes. Once ordered, both drinks and food arrived quickly. 
For drinks, we shared a carafe of Itami Onigoroshi sake. This sake was light and dry with a smooth, almost sweet finish. Very nice!
To fill our hungry bellies, we ordered (1) Hamachi Kama, (2) Agedashi Tofu, (3) Assorted Sashimi, (4) Ginko Nut Skewer, (5) Grilled Squid, (6) Sautéed Clams, and (7)  Tuna Maki. I would order 3 dishes per person.
No dish stood out as especially good or bad. The squid was slightly under cooked and the hamachi kama over cooked. The sushi was fresh and not overly fishy at all. The ginko nut skewers were lovely but overpriced. 
In the end, our bill came out to $50 per person - a steep price for an unimpressionable meal. I recommend patronizing Royal now, before the hype makes the meal unworthy of the wait.The atmosphere is dark but fun. Christine our bartender was quick and attentive. The food, particularly the sushi, was top notch. Not the cheapest sushi restaurant in the world, but certainly worth it. Looking forward to going back.Heard rave reviews for this place but after only one meal will probably not return. I got ill after a splitting a chirashizushi bowel and seaweed salad and felt the fish was not as fresh tasting as it should have been considering the inflated cost. Great japanese beer/sake and drink selection in general that goes w/ the exclusive speakeasy feel but feel this aspect contributes a good part to the positive acclaim...Best sushi I have ever had. Melts in your mouth. It comes dressed already so I did not feel the need  to add extra soy or wasabi.  Homemade ginger is crazy good. Everything is super high quality and made right in front of you by Jesse. It is expensive but totally worth it. A lot of the sushi is flown in from Japan. My wife and I had one of the beers they brew in house and it was awesome. Definitely can't wait to come back!A gem- the perfect balance of creativity and culinary mastery without trying too hard. The food is consistent, and the atmosphere "speak-easy" ish. Tuna guac is a MUST try, but everything on the menu is truly delicious.Lovely place to eat. It delivers great quality fish and they have so many options to choose from. The yellowtail and fried octopus balls were my favorite! We also tried the chicken liver which was delicious. The sushi was just as good and their miso soup is one of the best I've ever had. I do think it's a little overpriced but worth the experience. The place is cool but a little on the darker side.3.5 stars for service
4.5 stars for food
We are from out of town and was craving for good sushi after having a few heavy meals during our time in Philly. We came here expecting omakase but was told it is only offered on certain days. Ended up getting a bunch of small plates which were all very delicious. Service was incredibly slow and not attentive. I had to ask for water several times and for them to check on my order. 
Skewers- get the ginkgo nuts, chicken liver, skirt steak, and chicken thigh. They use a really delicious sauce and know how to keep the meat nice and tender. I dislike liver generally but this one was amazing. The steak was cooked to perfection as well. I would skip the lamb skewers and chicken gizzard, the dry rub was only OK and tasted a bit dry
Pork jowl, negi hamachi and yellowtail rolls, potato salad, grilled mackerel - defintrly get these items especially the rolls. The fish was so fresh and the rice to vinegar ratio was spot on. The mackerel was so tender and flavored nicely, you could taste the freshness and how sweet the meat was. Pork jowl and potato salad were solid choices as well
Cold tofu - do not get this, no flavor and the tofu is literally the kind you get from the supermarket
Overall it was a good meal and I liked the interesting selection of drinks they had. The food was pretty good and very authentic. Glad I found this on my last night in Philly. Disappointed I missed the omakase because after tasting their rolls I'm sure the omakase would have been stellar.I love this place and have been here easily over 20 times since it has opened. Usually one of my later stops of the night as it is easier to get a barstool. Bartenders are lovely and attentive. Super helpful with sake and the drinks I am unfamiliar with. 
I love how they serve the sake, they over pour it in a little glass in a little square box which traditionally symbolizes generosity and welcoming. There is a broad selection of other liquors as well and a pretty decent wine list. 
The atmosphere is dark and loud. They play awesome music with anime playing on the wall. Perfect for a cool first date. 
As far as the food goes I've had plenty. My go to's include ton toro, the skewers, a few of the sushi dishes, the wings, and the grilled squid. Everything is fabulous! I need to really get that industry chirashi bowl sometime, I heard it is an amazing deal with the "scraps" of the best sushi in town. 
I waited a while for this to open and couldn't be happier it is an awesome neighborhood spot. Next up is to score a reservation for the omasake before 10PM!!We happened upon this fabulous neighborhood spot  and were blown away by the quality of the small dishes and the high level of service! Each dish was a delight; hijiki salad, which I can't find anywhere in the Philly area, spinach gomai, eggplant cooked in the age dashi style, chicken and scallion yakatori, each was a savory gem.  The saki list was extensive and we even splurged on a couple of Japanese scotches after dinner.  I just can't wait to go back and try out the rest of the menu.This review is for the industrial chirashi that is only available from 11 pm - 1 am and is one of the best kept secrets imo. There's a chirashi option during regular dining hours that costs $27, but the industrial chirashi only costs $16. Not sure if there is a size difference, but it comes in a pint and the original intention is that it's for the chefs that are coming off work, you the real MVP. Its basically left over cuts of fish.
But on with the food. My SO and I agree this is one of the best chirashis' we've had. It's a little different in that wasabi was not given instead a roe spicy sauce thingy was given and geeeez it was quite a winner. Also the rice base was heavily sesame oil seasoned, which worked for me because I love sesame oil, although I feel like they went a little too heavy on it. I may come during regular hours and try out the regular chirashi and see how they compare. But my SO and I would definitely come back for the industrial chirashi as we think it's 100% worth the wait and so well priced.
We also ordered combo A skewers which were just okay and nothing to write home about. It didn't really give off the grilled flavor and the seasoning was more miss than hit. A star was docked off for the underwhelming skewers.
Ambience- they had a projector playing dragon ball z and SO was definitely like please take my money.I've never been here, but live in the neighborhood and never have.  I didn't want to lower the score with my post because that's not fair, so I gave a score that wouldn't change the overall rating.
Called to get information about the restaurant.  Sounded busy in the background.  Hostess answering was extremely impatient and rude.  
She was audibly frustrated that I had questions (why else would I call?): (1) do you take reservations (the answer is no for those wondering) and (2) if not when's a good time for us to come to miss the typical Saturday night rush.  The answer to my question was "every restaurant in town is busiest between 730-9pm".  Thanks.
Won't be having our anniversary dinner here.Tried this place on a Tuesday night and we were able to get seated pretty quickly as a party of two. We'd heard good things through word of mouth and when we were living in San Francisco had frequented some amazing neighborhood izakayas.
We tried about 8 dishes - a few were decent. The spinach dish was light and refreshing, and the shishito peppers were cooked very nicely. The chicken wings were well seasoned and the pork belly buns were enjoyable. The speakeasy-feel added to the ambience and the bar could certainly be a great place for a casual drink. 
But several of the dishes were thoroughly unappetizing. The squid was chewy and overcooked. A couple skewers of "Wagyu" beef and pork belly were so sinewy that I had to swallow the meat after unsuccessfully trying to chew it for a few minutes (the alternative would have been to spit it out). For $3 a piece, you'd imagine better quality, and there's nothing less palatable than poor quality meat. The absolutely worst dish we tried was the eggplant dish which was supposed to be lightly "glazed" with sesame but instead came with a full centimeter layer of caked sticky sweet sesame paste. We had to scrape off the paste in order to eat the dish. 
This was a thoroughly disappointing meal, especially given the expectation of quality and the accompanying prices. There are plenty of restaurants that serve better food in this city.Just had dinner here tonight. I knew this spot was in Queen Village where I just so happened to move two weeks ago, but I didn't realize it was right around the block! Having moved here from Haddonfield, I was familiar with the chef's previous establishment, Fuji, which was fantastic. 
We were seated right away, but the place was full for 5:45 on a Sunday night. The ambience is really nice -- dimly lit which I prefer, gorgeous decor, awesome music selection and a super cool projection screen on the wall showing old cartoons. 
The food was AMAZING. I ordered miso soup and the ginger salad to start. Hands down, best miso soup I have EVER had. The miso flavor really stood out, and I LOVE the enoki mushrooms they put in it. The ginger salad, also the best I've ever had. The dressing is INSANE -- so delicious, savory and complex; not at all sweet. I like to gauge Japanese restaurants by these two menu items as a way to know what to expect and they absolutely knock it out of the park. You may think it's impossible to mess up miso soup or a ginger salad, but I was truly impressed with what they did with these two simple Japanese staples.
We also ordered the salmon avocado roll, the tuna avocado roll, and the shrimp dumplings. All of it was perfect! Service was great. Spent just about $50 for the two of us and felt like it was more than a fair price for what we got.Came here for the Full Omakase ($125 pp) and was not disappointed. The fish was mainly shipped from Japan and was the highest quality available, which definitely showed. The omakase was comparable to NYC sushi spots which are usually even more expensive. My only critique was that the chef provided 5 out of 18 fish that were in the same fish genre and tasted mainly the same with only subtle differences. Overall I had a very positive experience and will be back in another season to experience new fish.Finally. I've been hearing about this place since I moved here. In my heart I want to give it a five-star review. But as is the trend with most restaurants I've been to within their first month or two of opening, they're always kinks that need to be worked out. The only kink I noticed here was the food; nothing really stood out. Don't get me wrong there were great dishes, but nothing you haven't seen or tasted before. 
The ambiance is fantastic. The Japanese television entertainment projected onto the wall a-la-Trestle Inn is a nice touch. Service was excellent.
The real star is the beverage selection. You have a great draft beer list, and their sake selection is fantastic. It's not often that you find dining venues that offer Nigori sake let alone more than one kind of Nigori sake.
Food: 3.75 (Tuna Guac, Hamachi dish, pork belly skewers; sushi isn't the draw here. Go for everything inside the menu.)
Drink: 5
Go check this place out for yourself, it's fun. Looking forward to visiting again.Holy skewers!! Give me more!!  This place may be tiny, but they certainly don't lack in delivering quality food and in great variety! Sake lovers can also rejoice because they literally have a sake bible--I've never seen so many different kinds of rice wines in one place! 
Hubby and I decided to have a date night on a recent Friday and I really wanted to try out this place. We didn't make a reservation and they were really crowded but surprisingly we waited only 15-20 mins for a table. It took me nearly that long at the bar to just figure out what I wanted to drink. I'm not big on sake and the bartender was nice enough to let me sample some but I ended up with one of their Japanese beers instead--the yuzu garden beer is very light, citrusy and refreshing; I highly recommend. 
Once at our table, I couldn't help but order a million things to try; I mean everything sounded all delicious, how's a girl supposed to choose?? Here's a quick run down (not the official names from the menu because I can't remember): 
Clam Miso Soup - flavorful and full of little neck clams but it got a little too salt for me
Spicy Crunchy Tuna Roll - because I have to order spicy tuna everywhere I go. Their's is fantastic and the "crunchy" is not overpowering.
Grilled Squid - so tender and great char flavor 
Pork Jowl - not my favorite although I really wanted to try it...it was a little too gamey/porky tasting for my liking. The texture was also not what I expected--somewhere between eating a piece of pork fat and chewing a hard piece of chicken gizzard 
Skewers - I ordered the chicken gizzard, bacon asparagus, bacon scallop and pork belly - all were so good! Some of the best skewers I've eaten!
Agedashi Tofu - a surprisingly large portion and very delicious. Again, one of the best agedashi tofus I've ever eaten. 
Fried skewers mix - a dish of fried veggie skewers that were coated in panko; these were ok but the pumpkin was hands down the best.
The portions were very filling and we ate until I couldn't breathe but it was delicious and well worth the "suffering." The service was quick but never pushy; everyone was very courteous and helpful. The ambiance was nice, albeit a little dark (hence I couldn't take good food photos, unless I wanted to blind everyone with my flash), but it has a cool Japanese bar feel with lots of energy.  We really enjoyed our meal and I can't wait to come back to try everything else on their menu...and to get more skewers!!!I've eaten at a lot of sushi bars and I'm super happy that the best one is right in my neighborhood. We had the omakasi in the back and it was lovely. Next time we plan to check out the pub in the front.
The service was really attentive and the back sushi bar was nice and quiet and peaceful. 
If you want a great sushi experience in Philadelphia, this is where you should go.The chicken wings were my favorite! I'd go again just for that and the buns. And the ginger pork for my hubby. 
The pork belly buns here are among my favorite I've had around town (sampan, terakawa and cheu noodle comes to mind). 
The gingered pork (my husband said this was his fave) and Miso soup was great too. 
4 stars because of the above, because otherwise it would be a 2 or 3 had I only ordered the below--
The next were disappointing. 
The black seaweed was not my fave in comparison to the classic green seaweed. 
The fried gyoza were basic and dry. My fault for not letting them know I had ordered steamed and thought I would just eat these! Bad move on my part. I really wanted my steamed ones :(
The cod was a bit boring, but also dry and too firm. Definitely was overcooked.Sushi was delicious and the reason for the 4 stars.  Other apps and food were just okay.  We loved the atmosphere and vibe, but be prepared to drop some serious cash because portions are small and the whiskey is very expensive.Review is just for the bar/ front area. Party of 2, asked if we could get a 4 top table because we're fat and order a lot of food especially at a place with Izakaya style apps and such. They explained that they needed the larger table because the rush was about to start, got it, no problem I worked at many restaurants so I understand but it did factor into how much we ended up ordering. Food was good, some better than others but definitely no major complaints. Grilled squid, NOT over cooked and chewy, perfectly tender. Agedashi tofu and beef tataki were good as well. The Takoyaki was good but did not have enough octopus and was mostly batter, good batter but mostly batter. The Pork Katsu we had was slightly over cooked, not bad at all though but the breading was falling apart when it arrived, not major issues but I had higher hopes. GRILLED HAMACHI COLLAR was perfect. I do want to come back to try the Omakase and hopefully I can give a solid 5 stars but in the case of the Bar dining room I would suggest giving it a try and see how you'd like!This is hands down the highest quality Japanese food you can get in philly. Jesse is incredibly talented and sources his fish from all over the world to give his customers the best experience possible. I've had so many different types of fish that I never knew existed tonight alone. Do yourself a favor and stop by, you won't regret it.Love this place. Nice selection of sake and very comfortable atmosphere. Food is great, agadashidofu and eggplant dish are nice. It makes me feel like I'm in Japan!Royal Sushi and Izakaya, without a doubt, lives up to the years of hype surrounding it. 
This place is nestled in a quiet neighborhood street with only the soft glow of single red lantern indicating it's presence. Very much a traditional Izakaya meets speakeasy vibe.
Once inside, although quite dark, your eyes can't help but jump around the intricate details- the dragon sconces, red seal ceilings, beautiful antique mirrors, long spacious bar with strategically placed sake jar candles. You can tell a lot of thought and care was put into every attribute of the space. 
The menu boasts an extensive list of sake offerings along with descriptors to help navigate even the most novice sake drinker. The food items are accompanied by a picture (again, very helpful and playfully reminiscent of a Chinese take-out restaurant). 
All of the food is outstanding, but what stands out as the epitome of umami are the Takoyaki octopus balls. These are a MUST try! The sushi and fish is melt-in-your-mouth fresh and each dish is small enough to be able to order multiple things and have fun sharing dim-sum style. 
I must admit- I walked into royal sushi and izakaya with the highest of expectations that I couldn't seem to stifle, no matter how hard I tried. I wanted to have an open mind and no bias, but the hoards of excitement and accolades continued to fuel my presumption of this place. I'm so glad to say that the ambiance, service and food is worthy of all the hype. Will be back (probably very often)!Fantastic experience! It was recommended by a friend and it did not disappoint!!  Sushi and sake were the best I have had in philly.  I look forward to returning.The bar, labeled as a Japanese dive bar is a good find. Dive bars, by Philadelphia standards are usually messy little hovels that live up to the name "hole in the wall". While many places seem to be a dive bar in this town, this establishment is clean and respectable. To me, the only reason to call it a dive bar is the fact that it is unassuming; only the red lantern tells of its presence. 
When entering, I am greeted by the clean and flavorful smells of the kitchen, no disturbing fish odor of many sushi bars, which is a quick disqualification for my taste. If a restaurant smells of fish, then the freshness of the food is in serious doubt. I came here looking for yakitori. I often believe that Japanese restaurants should specialize in the food they sell, and while this place is called a sushi house, the grill seemed to be the centerpiece of their menu! Aha! They have many items of grilled fish, vegetables, sausages, and meats, but for me the individual skewer list is what I was after. 
I began with the salty tsukemono. The assortment was excellent, but the sweet and salty daikon was my favorite. Then I had skewers. I ask d for the chef to make me five, as I believe that a good Japanese chef will know what is best to make. I had the salted shishito, chicken gizzard, chicken heart, waygu skirt and bacon wrapped scallop. UMAMI city. I finished with the Chichén scallion and the shitake. I had draft beer, in the piper small glass as I ate. It was a wonderful time. 
The bar has an outstanding selection of sake, taken by the glass, carafe, or bottle. There are many Japanese beers in bottles or cans, and a long draft list.This was a food place and at the right time. I had been down at the NFL Kickoff event for most of the day. It was extremely hot and I JD been on my feet all day. I looked on Yelp and found this place. A co worker and I walked here, didn't make a reservation and walked right in. It was a "hole in the wall" and was sort of hard to identify from the street if you didn't know what you were looking for. 
We were seated and ordered lots of plates. Since it was a tapas style we ordered many dishes. We started with the seaweed and it was perfect to start. We then moved to the sashimi. We got tuna and salmon and it was very good. We also got tuna and salmon sushi and it was very good as well. I noticed a bit of salt added to the fish. It gave it a specific flavor but I feel it was just a bit too much. 
We ordered 2 beef skewers and they were excellent! I would recommend these. There are only 2 pieces on the stick so order accordingly. 
We got a pork belly wrap, not sure how else to say it. I was not impressed but I don't really eat pork. 
We finished with a surprise dish that we suggested the waitress bring. She brought soba noodles, vegetables, beef and some other things and it was good. 
All in all, I'd come back and recommend anyone looking for sushi to try this place out.Best sushi experience of my life. The waitresses were very helpful when trying to decide which sake to order, the fish was melt in your mouth amazing, and it was an intimate yet friendly  environment. Can't wait to return.There's not very many high-end and quality sushi places in the city - the only other one that comes to mind is Morimoto. This place is part speakeasy, part hipster/cool vibe hangout, and part high-end sushi joint. The result is a really interesting and fun ambiance with a lot of character and alone worth the visit. As for the sushi, it was all incredibly fresh, high-quality, and presented well. You'll definitely find pieces of fish that you won't see elsewhere in the city but certainly Japan. The price however makes it difficult for me to justify visiting more often.OMG. Some of the best sushi I have EVER had. My husband and I were visiting PA and I Yelped a few places and ended up coming here. It's totally hidden - we're from Los Angeles so when our Uber driver told us we were there, we had to figure out where to go. This was probably the best meal I had out there. The fish was fresh, nothing was over-sauced and the service was wonderful. I wish they had one of these in Los Angeles!My wife and I just moved into the neighborhood and stopped in on the advice of a friend. What a great little place. You know it has to be a good Japanese place when there are three Japanese couples eating next to you obviously enjoying the food. 
We ordered multiple small plates to get a variety and shared each dish. All of them were very good. The miso soup was the best I have had. 
We have no experience with sake. None. We asked the waitress and she gave us a quick beginners course in sake. They have a vast selection. We may have to watch out for sake. It was delicious.
One little drawback that wasn't really all that bad. We didnt get our last plate. The waitress was kind enough to comp one of our drinks. Honestly, we may have not been able to eat it. We were quite full. Love the place. Great atmosphere, food and drinks.This sushi place was good. I really recommend getting the sashimi combo so you can value their fish selection. If you like sake, this is your place! The service was great as well. The music was a little loud but that's what you get for their concept which is a "punk rock" Japanese dive bar. But in the case of America, there's nothing dive ish about it.The food was really great - super fresh fish and delicious side dishes. Large Sake selection and helpful waiter who helped us decide what to orderGreat customer service but the food is nothing impressive. Same level as Yakitori boy. Potato salad, sashimi app (very fresh) and pork bun was good. Other than that everything is way overpriced. The fried chicken was extremely salty. I'd not come back again. Wasn't a bad experience thanks to the customer service. I'm from Japan. Wasn't that authentic... :-/Amazing food and experience, super cool interiorGreat food. It fills up quickly on a weekend evening.
The sushi is extremely fresh - the salmon nice and fatty. The seaweed salads are well priced and add to the meal. The place has a bar atmosphere and nice draft beer selection. Not at all your typical Japanese restaurant.
Highly recommended.So happy to see Philly is finally stepping up its Izakaya (Japanese bar food and stuff on sticks) game! This is definitely cheaper than Double Knot and better than Yakitori Boy, so it fills a much needed space in a great neighborhood. I've been to both and I can tell you, in Lorde's words, they'll never be Royal...
We LOVED:
Takoyaki: creamy, gooey, flavorful, just don't get freaked out by the bonito flakes moving!
Tuna Guac: thick slabs of tuna, peppery/wasabi oil, delicious guac.
Beef Tataki: thinly sliced rare beef, good sauce.
Combo B: The pork belly, the bacon wrapped asparagus, the bacon wrapped scallop, the chicken, chicken liver (they allowed substitution and we saved them 25 cents), shishito peppers (watch out these were spicy) were all cooked perfectly.
Gyoza: hard to mess these up, and they didn't.
Chasiu buns: would have liked a warning that they only come with 2, but it didn't take to long for a 2nd order to come out.
They have an impressive drink menu and large food menu (with pictures in case you don't know what anything is) and it's always a good sign when you want everything. There's a lot of bar space and  mostly small tables. Probably not a good place for a group of more than 4. No reservations and they were pretty busy on a Sunday night for only having been open a few weeks. $30 each incl. tax and tip for what we got seemed like a decent price point. Will definitely be back!We had an exceptional experience this evening. My wife and I took our daughter out for her 30th birthday. The food was fresh, and all of the recommendations from our server, Diana, were spot on. 
I would HIGHLY recommend this restaurant to anyone visiting Queen Village. Try to get a table in the back-- softer noise level. 
P.s. the 'Hidden Man Mountain Saki' is a hidden gem!Finally. I've been hearing about this place since I moved here. In my heart I want to give it a five-star review. But as is the trend with most restaurants I've been to within their first month or two of opening, they're always kinks that need to be worked out. The only kink I noticed here was the food; nothing really stood out. Don't get me wrong there were excellent dishes, but nothing you haven't seen or tasted before. 
The ambiance is fantastic. The Japanese television entertainment projected onto the wall a-la-Trestle Inn is a nice touch. Service was excellent.
The real star is the beverage selection. Do you have a great draft beer list, and their sake selection is fantastic. It's not often that you find dining venues that offer Nigori sake let alone more than one kind of Nigori sake.
Food: 3.75 (Tuna Guac, Hamachi Kama, Karaage Wings, Shogayaki, Pork Belly Skewers; sushi isn't the draw here. Go for everything inside the menu.)
Drink: 5.00
Go check this place out for yourself, it's fun. Looking forward to visiting again and exploring the drink action more.Came here with a group of friends; one being a person that lived in Japan for a number of years.  We all had a great time; service was friendly and attentive enough.  The space was fun and had a great vibe.  Before I even ordered anything I thought "I want one of these in my neighborhood".  The bartender was very cool and offered to make anything for us while we waited for our friends to show up.  Food was all great.  Cant wait to come back!This is one hidden gem in Philly!! I don't even want to write a review so its not slammed packed lol! Don't let the blue front door and red lantern fool you...it's an amazing restaurant behind that plain building front! I Took a cpl clients out there last night for dinner...very nice secluded place! Amazing saki selection!! We sat at the main bar, Katherine was very helpful on selecting the best saki for our pallet...there is 3+ dozen selections of cold/warm/hot saki. Sushi was delicious...but the chicken hearts were AMAZING! Will def make this a staple spot!!!Loved the food. Loved the ambience. Service was fast, and the prices are very reasonable. Just go you'll love it.This place is a hidden gem. Gets super busy. Have a very good collection of cocktails and sake. Their food is quite good and served was quite knowledgeable.Its overpriced but very tasty. Has authentic dishes but also caters to the less adventurous.
Got some skewers - well cooked but didn't taste like they were from the grill. Needs a kiss of fire and a little smoke. Get the chicken gizzards. 
Sashimi was fresh and good quality. Agedashi tofu was okay.Amazing sushi. We we're lucky to get the omakase at the sushi bar. Would recommend getting a half omakase and trying their other dishes. Each piece of sushi was so delicious and melted in your mouth. You definitely must order a hand roll, it was the best we have ever had.This place does it right. Everything from the ambiance (old school Japanese movies are played from a projector onto the brick wall) to the bar scene to the menu, this place is a home run. The extensive sake menu is unlike anything I've seen around and they have a few specially crafted brews just for Royal Sushi. As far as the food is concerned everything we had is excellent. Even if you're not an adventurous eater this Izakaya has something for everyone. Definitely worth the visit!In PHL for a trade show, found on Yelp and thrilled. The red lantern outside is the only sign I saw. Inside looks more like an Irish pub than an Izakaya style Japanese restaurant but there was no colcannon here!  I wanted to try everything on the menu but satisfied myself with fried oysters (not great but good), yakitori (thigh), Wakame salad, large shrimp shumai and assorted sashimi. A beer to start and a carafe of Junmai sake and I was a happy camper. The shumai were outstanding, the salad tasty and the sashimi fresh, beautiful and delicious. So many dishes left untried for the next time. A great find in a cool  neighborhood.  Definitely worth the Lyft/Uber ride.Amazing food and wonderful beer and sake selection. One of my favorites in Philadelphia. There is also a special sushi bar in the back. It has a great vibe although sometimes the music can be loud.Amazing atmosphere, inconspicuous entry that leads to an old fashioned bar and traditional sit down sushi bar in the back.  Bar area is a little too dark and could use additional lighting however the sushi and appetizers were on point. Best way to describe this place would be a sushi speakeasy.Freshest fish in the area and the omakase was an amazing experience. We'll certainly be back for more.Went for our anniversary. Did the full omakase. Sushi was really good. Although the chef didn't get our last order request but we were stuffed at that point so no worries. Not bad for Philly.I try to go here once a week or so to enjoy the freshest sushi I've ever had! The rolls are loaded with delicious fish, and the Wagyu beef and pork belly skewers are crisp on the outside, and juicy and flavorful on the inside. Another favorite is the tuna guac, which has some incredible chunks of raw tuna with guacamole and soy sauce. The atmosphere is another great aspect of this place. No windows in a classic looking bar makes it feel like a real hidden secret, but I can't help myself and I keep telling everyone I know about how great it is. Find the red lantern outside and check this place out if you love sushi.My husband and I went for their 18 piece omakase, and we were absolutely blown away. We stalked the reservation system for a while and managed to score an 8pm seating time - 8 seats are all that's available, so it can be a little difficult to get reservations. We LOVE sushi, and this place serves the best. The quality of the fish is out of this world. So fresh and so melt in your mouth good. Though pricey, it was definitely worth it. We went for my birthday and it has to be one of the best dinners I've ever had in the history of me living. If you are a sushi connoisseur, don't walk, RUN to royal izakaya!The food here is off the charts good. I'd recommend getting the pork jowls, takoyaki balls, and agedashi tofu. They also have an impressive list of sakes and Japanese beers. The service is great, and I love how low-key the interior is. This was the second time I've been to Royal Izakaya, but it won't be the last!A casual bar atmosphere with Japanese izakaya fare. Great sake and whiskey selection. The raw fish tasted extremely fresh. On two occasions, I tried the sashimi platter on special, grilled shishito peppers, shrimp tempura and avocado roll, spicy salmon roll, vegetable and pork gyoza, and the mochi. The black sesame and strawberry mochi worked well together. 
Service was attentive. Take a lyft/uber/cab as parking can be difficult.It's still fall but this place has already become my winter fav for a warm and cozy night out.  Come on a Sunday if you don't want to wait.The food is great the vibe is funky , with an old Irish pub feel bar to the anime playing on the brick wall. Food was excellent "small" dishes available so you can be adventurous and try something new, try two. Waite staff is knowledgeable and friendly and will help you decide what to order , I tried one of the kitchen specials and it delivered, it was special.
My biggest complaint.... the tables need to be bigger for more food at arms reachLoved it. Totally fun place -especially on  New Years Day! Mummers outside with their "real" parade down Two Street-
Food was unbelievable. Fresh and delicious. The ribs were "melt in your mouth" good.
Sushi was best I've ever eaten.
Service was great- warm and friendly - 
Knowledgeable - awesome.
Place is small and going to be really popular- 
We will be back.Tucked away on 2nd street, this sushi and drink spot is hard to beat. I'm pretty sure these are the same people that started Fuji in Haddonfield. Anyway, this place is much cooler and far less traditional. It has that edgy Tokyo feel that some of us rather enjoy. You won't be disappointed with any of the sushi but you'll most likely be limited to a few specials, yakitori, noodles and maki if you show up unannounced. It's also pretty dark inside so have your iPhone flashlight ready. For the real deal tho, get a reservation for the Omekase as this is the best bet for the sushi connoisseur.Hands down my favorite sushi in the city.  Very accommodating to my allergies, the food is crazy delicious, the sake list is amazing, and the service is perfection.  Add to that the atmosphere is like nothing else and you've got a home run.It is hard to describe just how delicious and thoughtful the food at Royal Sushi & Izakaya is. My boyfriend and I love coming here on date night. The ambiance is casual and fun (they literally have anime constantly projecting on the wall), but the food is so delicate, delicious, and beautiful. The sushi and cooked food really rival each other too. It would be hard for me to tell you which you should get if you were trying to decide, but luckily you don't have to. Every single dish is a small, shareable plate. I cannot recommend this place enough. Plus, they always have a sake on draft and a huge selection of Japanese liquor!The food isn't amazing as I thought it was. I prefer the yakitori boy in Chinatown PhillyWhere to start? We went late night after my 4 year old fell sleep and my mother was looking after her. On a Saturday night the parking and getting a seat was very easy. 
Everything we tasted was good. We had one of the sake and we both loved it. Service was prompt, friendly and very relaxing.
We ordered few sashimi, rolls and dishes. Every single dish were fresh and and balanced. Only thing I would change next time, I will ask them to cut the salmon sashimi slices smaller. I feel that helps with  the fish melting in your mouth.
Must try: monk liver, excellent like duck pate. Tuna guacamole was my husband's favorite. We both loved the miso cod which was a special. Also loved the tofu in broth.
I felt the chef was extra ordinary when came to creating umami. A must go place but don't go in Friday or Saturday pick time.Service: 5
Four of us arrived around 8pm this past Saturday night. There isn't a host so we headed directly back and "checked in" with a waitress at the prep station. All tables and bars tools were occupied but they sat us by the time the bartender had provided us our first round. Once seated, the group of waiters that served us were great. We never waited for a new round to arrive and the dishes came out very quickly.
Food: 4
I've been to Japan twice and generally know what to expect in an Izakaya. They've done a great job of mixing tradition with local/regional proteins. We ordered probably 12-15 dishes. All came out at appropriate temps. 
Spirits: 5
I had two rounds of their Bushido draft sake. Looking forward to delving more into their extensive menu. My wife and friends stuck to regional beers. 
Ambience: 4
Similar styling to other Royal establishments; dark with vintage lighting. Anime playing on the front wall. Note: the bathroom door has a handle only for show, you need to push the handle.
At some point you'll need to wait for a table here. Be sure to check it out in its infancy before that happens!We really have a treasure only a few blocks from the house, great bar and even better food.  Seems like a lot of thought went into this place and it hits the nail on the head.
Not a whole lot of space so be conscious of when you go, but they have a strong Whiskey collection and a pretty robust menu.  We haven't done the omakase yet but will as soon as we can!!Nice atmosphere! Great place to go with a friend or a date. Amazing types of fish great Sake! Haven't been there in almost two years need to come back and try it again sometime.instead of making reservation to do the omakase at the sushi bar, we decided to do the table dining.  Ordered few things I would normally get at other izakayas, and we were not dissapointed.  Everything was good from sashimi, yakitori, and kama dishes...4 out of 5 stars is due to price of alcohol.  We did get bottle of cold sake...which was cheapest on the menu...but it still cost over 50dollars...While traveling in Philly, we found an interesting Japanese restaurant. It has a certain speakeasy feel to it, with no name or address on the door. 
It was kind of stormy evening, very windy and cold, with heavy and cold snow coming down. But, this place was almost full when we walked in with lots of locals. A great sign of delicious food! The inside is not large, with the right side occupied by a nice big bar. The left side has bench and chair alongside the wall from the front to back.
The real fun thing was the projector on the brick wall, playing clips of Japanese TV shows and movies! In order to get this going, the lighting in here is kind of dark...darker than "dim" lighting. Many of the TV show clips were really old, from 80s I think, super fun! 
The menu was filled with Japanese and Japanese-inspired Izakaya fares, I was very excited! We had Tuna Mentaiko, Kurobuta Sausage, Yaki Curry Tofu, Chashu Buns, and Saba Shioyaki. They were all excellent, delicious, comforting and really hit the spot! The quality was high, and we enjoyed every single dish very much.
Our server, Greg was awesome, he was super helpful and informative. He was very knowledgeable about the food here, and gives great explanation and recommendation to the customers who are not familiar with Japanese food on what to order, and how to eat them. He took a really nice care of us, we were very happy with the service. Other staffs here were also very nice and sweet!
One extra note, they have nigiri sushi omakase hidden at the back behind curtains. It is like speakeasy inside speakeasy... They are reservation only, and I heard they get booked up about two weeks ahead since they only have eight counter seats.One of the best and most authentic (minus the American rock music) Japanese restaurants I've ever been to in the U.S. Takoyaki, gyoza, yakitori were legit. Prices aren't bad either. $70 before tip for 2 people and we couldn't finish everything because we were so stuffed.Ever since the folks behind some of my favorite Philly restaurants (e.g. Dos Segundos, Khyber Pass) announced the Royal Sushi and Izakaya concept in the early 2010s, I eagerly tracked the place's often fraught progress. Izakayas, with their grilled meats, fried delicacies, and energetic feel, remain some of my favorite places to eat and drink, and Philly has a frustrating lack of them. Happily, Royal mostly delivered on the promise of delivering a reasonably authentic izakaya experience to the city, and a recent dinner here met my expectations.
Royal's fairly small dining room could use more light, as the menu is difficult to read given the dim lighting. Major props for playing anime on the projector, though. Our server helped us navigate the menu yet remained unobtrusive throughout service. The drink selections here are heads and shoulders above most Asian places in the city; there is a large selection of sake, cocktails, and beers (including rare varieties of Hitachino on draft) that go well with the food.
We ordered six dishes that arrived more or less at the same time. The small size of our table didn't accommodate all of those plates comfortably, so pace yourself to ensure you're not crowded out by your food. In regards to the food itself, it mostly was memorable. Miso soup is usually a throwaway, but here it tastes deep, rich, and almost nutty. Steak tataki brought perfectly juicy slivers of meat cut with a bright sauce of lemon and soy. The takoyaki had fluffy, creamy innards studded with chunks of octopus and doused in delicious sauces and bonito flakes. Our kushiyaki sampler did justice to Japanese skewers; we particularly enjoyed the bacon wrapped scallops and shiitake mushroom varieties. Two dishes we ordered, the pedestrian pork belly bao and overly salty Kurobota sausages, failed to impress as much.
Royal Sushi and Izakaya represents one of the more authentic izakaya experiences around, and that warrants a visit in and of itself. The food we sampled tasted quite good, the drink program outclasses any other Japanese spot in the city, and the bill was reasonable. I look forward to returning for more grilled meats and to sample the highly praised sushi selections.better than Double Knot. Can't wait till the sushi bar officially opens to get down on some OmakaseFirst time there and was very impressed with the Sake list and the variety of small, well prepared and very tasty dishes.  The sushi was fresh, and the warm dishes were well done, and not too small.  We especially like the eggplant, the spinach in black sesame Sauce and the curry crusted Tofu.  Will definitely be back!A well deserved 5/5 stars for overall ambiance, service, drinks, and noms. Excellent traditional Izakaya noms that comes in **small plate** form... though not all small plates are that small! Most are excellent and offer the perfect smattering of things to try. Some of our favorites were the cold soba noodles (generous portion), takoyaki, agedashi tofu, and karagge chicken. We tried several other dishes like cold seaweed salad, etc that were still delicious but fairly run of the mill. We also did a yakitori combo which was good but a bit puny. I would recommend swapping in some sushi rolls instead for the same price. We did a carafe of sake which was delicious, well priced, and paired perfectly with the dishes. The ambiance would be great for a first date or dinner amongst a small group of friends. Reminiscent of a speak easy with dim lighting from table top candles, old Japanese cartoon clips playing in the background, and a contemporary playlist, it hits the spot for someone who is into hipster vibes with an upscale attitude. I've also tried the Omakase which was amazing but definitely much pricier and much lighter. It's served in the back at a sushi bar with only 6-8 other diners. You have free range to speak to the chef/owner Jess Ito while watching your sushi artfully prepared. Personally, I think both dining options serve different purposes but I can assure you I will be back for more bar noms and drinks at the front of the house with good company...and maybe the Omakase for a special occasion or two. Highest recommendation!I really want to love this place. I've been looking forward to it's opening ever since I heard about the Itos' move from Fuji in NJ to Philly. I've tried a good amount of their regular menu (which is extensive), and really enjoyed the food. I'd recommend ordering a few things to share with the table as most of the menu items are small plates. The space itself is very small, loud, and dimly lit, which appeals to the izakaya (Japanese bar) concept of the restaurant, but it's also a full service sit-down restaurant with friendly and helpful waiters. I think bringing in a host and the ability to make reservations would push Royal Izakaya into 5 star territory for me since it seems to lean more towards restaurant than dive bar. 
PSA: Nigiri is only available in the back sushi bar, which requires reservations for specific seating times. Nigiri can be ordered a la carte in the back, or you can opt in to one of the omakase options. Will update my review after trying out the newly open sushi bar.