Service was slow but she was nice. They were not busy this time of day.  Food was presented well and tastes good.  Margarita. Was also delicious.Good meal. Good service.  New sauce was good.  Basic salad bar.  Not heavy meal.  Calories on menu make you second guessHorrible, avoid unless you are stuck in the area!! Disgusting chicken sandwich made me feel sick to my stomach. Service is exceptionally slow....just keep driving!Food was very good and timely, worth the stop!  But this review was really prompted by the terrific service I received. I travel a lot for business and I have to say that the waiter, Lamont, was in his game!  Great attitude, great service and a terrific disposition and work ethic.  Being in the service industry I have to acknowledge great service.  Great job Lamont!Service was a joke. Worst experience ever at a Ruby Tuesdays in 35 plus years of going to them.Late night dinner at the bar- service was fast, and the food was decent. This is the only restaurant on a mini hotel row, so basically everyone in there is a business traveler- crowded bar, not so much on the tables. 
I had the Bourbon Salmon with rice and broccoli, which was pretty good and hit the spot. The house wine was a little pricey ($15/glass), but the wine was good and the pour was generous. 
If you're staying next door, this is a good easy option for some chow.Our server was very attentive and pleasant, but the shrimp appetizer was raw and cold. Burger was nothing special. 
I wouldn't eat here again.On business again in Philly and tried this restaurant again.  Was close to the hotel and was too lazy to go to another restaurant.  I have to tell you that I was surprised by the improvements. No nasty smell, the table was clean.  The manager dropped by to ask whether everything was ok. The staff is friendly and service was fast.  Had the New Orleans seafood with grilled zucchini and green beans. The flavor was good the fish and shrimp not overcooked or under cooked. They Still use way too much oil/butter.I don't like to post negative reviews on Yelp, but I have to in this case. Right off the bat it takes about 5 minutes to seat us with the restaurant 3/4 empty. Next the waitress comes by to take our drink order and disappears. We place the order for our 2 grandchildren and then our order. After about 10 minutes she brings out the kids meals. We wait another 1/2 hour for our order of 2 cheeseburgers. And they're not coming out and neither is the waitress. We get the manager and tell her to bring free desserts for the kids because we are still waiting. She tells us the burgers are cooking and will be ready soon. She brings out ice cream for the kids, but guess what, no burgers. Another 10 minutes go by and the burgers do appear but with the wrong sides.
The only reason I gave 2 stars is because they comped the burgers. I read other reviews with the same complaint about slow service.  Obviously they aren't interested in improving their kitchen and wait staff. Avoid coming hereFor us, this place wasn't nearly as bad as the reviews made it sound. We were staying in the hotel next door.  Although it was crowded when we got there, we were seated quickly.  The service was polite and prompt.  They had some good kids meals selections and the standard Ruby Tuesday fare. In all a decent choice for someone staying nearby and not looking to venture far to eat.Unfriendly staff, took forever to be served and I ordered a steak tah was full of fat.
I can't recommend this place at all.Dirty glass, employee sweeping carpet with broom while we were eating, chipped plate, salad croutons mixed in salad. Won't eat here again!As good as it gets by the airport.  The bar is good with quality offerings.  Service and food are inconsistent.  Drinks can be mixed well one minute and have the same melted ice woth no straw stick the next.  Dont ask for anything special with your food, its too difficult for them.  There you have it.After a very long day--my best friend was having eye surgery at the Wills Eye Hospital here in Philly so we started our day at 430 this am for the 2+ hour drive from the DE shore for a 9am appointment we were looking for something easy and considering it was a walk from our hotel Ruby Tuesday was the obvious choice. It was fairly busy but we were seated right away. The restaurant must be fairly new or recently redecorated and incredibly clean. Sarah our waitress was very attentive and efficient. Everything came out very quickly and the salad bar was well stocked and very fresh. Yes it's Ruby Tuesday so you have a certain level of expectation but this Ruby Tuesday met those expectations and exceeded them. A very pleasant end to a very stressful day. Thank you Sarah!!Salad bar was broken and they were out of Sam Adams. My burger was cooked perfect and co workers double decker chicken was cooked properly.
It's as impressed as you can be with RT!Our server was very easy on the eyes (His name was Max) so that helped.  We were originally seated near the bar but the sour smell was so overwhelming we had to move our seat.  The original server had the nerve to say "let me see if I can change your table", of course I was instantly irritated!  Overall the food was decent but the drinks were watered down....Won't be returningI was there yesterday after work with a coworker. My first time there and I was excited! Now not so much. I was told by my server that the mac and cheese has bacon on it! Where is the bacon?!!!!  The steak was nasty it went from med rare to rare!!?? The mash has a nasty powdery taste to it. When the server brought it out I ask her would she eat this and she said NO!!! Why I'm the world would bring this to me if you wouldn't eat it?! Nasty nasty meal. Desert wise oh it was amazing lol!! That's all I would ever go there for.At least there is no longer a Security Guard inside the lobby.  The salad bar was good and well stocked.  My meal was just OK, sides were only average.  Service was slow, but at least he meant well.  Maybe not on my preferred list.Was on business in Philly and came in late so went to the closest restaurant near the hotel. Ordered the grilled salmon with zucchini and broccoli. The salmon was prefectly cooked! Liked the combination between the spices and fish. The zucchini great but the broccoli very overcooked. Took very long to get the food and that nasty smell when using the same cloth to wipe the table without desinfecting or cleaning it was there again!! Not great!! The service was ok.Eine amerikanische Institution ist sicher das die Ruby Tuesday  Kette. Eine richtige Kneipe im American Style. Abends sitzen hier viele alleinspeisende Männer an der Theke und die nicht dazugehörigen Familien an den Tischen. Es gibt ehrliches amerikanisches Ketten-Essen, alles was Ottonormaldeutscher so mit American Joe Average in Verbindung bringt: Burger, Mozzarella-Sticks, Chicken Wings (die ich hatte und die gut waren im scharfen Modus) und all das andere gesunde Zeugs, das aber mittlerweile mit Kalorienangaben in der Karte steht. Da hat man wenigstens am Ende des Tages eine rechnerische Begründung für seinen Zustand. Alle meine Kalorienhochrechnungen beim Essen wurden vom exzellenten Sam Adams torpediert, das hier aus dem Fass fließt und einfach lecker ist. Was ich auf den Karten nicht entdecken konnte, das sind lokale Leckereien (wie zum Beispiel Crab Cakes, die hier in der Nähe der Chesapeake Bay eigentlich Grundnahrungsmittel sind). Aber wir sind in der Kette, da pflegt der Amerikaner seine Standards. Man kann auch immer lustige Kommunikation machen, insbesondere wenn auf den zahlreichen Bildschirmen Football läuft, das spaltet die Gemeinde.Pleasant enough place.  As other people have mentioned, it's the only restaurant within walking distance of a ton of hotels.  When we went, the place was crowded.  The food was pretty good, but not perfect.  The service was very friendly but not super fast.  They let us use two coupons even though there was a limit of one per customer.Went to dinner while staying at nearby Embassy Suites. Short wait to have waitress take drink order but delivered it quickly. Had the sea food trio. The fish shrimp and lobster were very good as were the 2 side veggies but came so fast they had to have been pre-made and heated. The blond brownie for desert was also very good. Reasonably priced.
Salad bar looked good but passed on it. Maybe next time.
Overall good experience but not super great. Would go back again for another try.One star is perfectly fine for this place and it seems that way from the other reviews.
Starving, no places really around the area and it was close.  That's the ONLY reason we went here.  
Two white people at a table got two biscuits.  But the black couple at a table of two got 8 biscuits.  
Service is poor.  Speed is poor. Quality is poor.
Ordered food, came out overdone.  Burger well instead of medium.  They actually brought the wrong food the first TWO times!  Then once they found the right food, the delivered and no other stop bys till the check.
No refills.  No clearing.  No nothing.
Incredibly sad.This was my first time having a bad experience at a Ruby Tuesday. We waited 20 min for the waitress to take our drink order then waited an hour for our food. The bus boy was sweeping around us by our feet while eating. When my dad received his food they have him a side of grease, yes oil, instead of butter. The waitress brought the manager over and I mentioned was rude and made excuses. The whole staff needs to be retrained. Will not come back here ever!FUBLE Diaries: Episode 4 
* Just a brief disclaimer, to say that while I am not currently employed there (and it wasn't this location) I worked for Ruby Tuesdays for years. You are welcome to keep this in mind , when you read this..."review" 
Our damp day in Philly was behind us and after a rough few days for Jason, of travelling and hard living, he was ready to crash. Aside from the Arthritic condition, he also has a bum kidney, which takes alot out of him. Not wanting to impose on my family while he was sick (although I offered) , Jason preferred to get a room so he could rest up for the Main Event of the Eagles Game the next day. 
I figured the best bet, was to get a place near the airport, although with game 3 of the World Series set to begin that night, and a bunch of Yankees fans needing to rest their inflated heads, I wasn't optimistic. However, after utilizing an iphone ( There's an app for that!) he was able to get a pretty sweet room, for a decent price. 
The 2 other guys and myself, decided to pregame at Ruby Tuesdays, located in the same lot, to make a plan for the evening. Having worked there for years, i wasn't excited to be back in a Ruby Tuesdays. Nothing personal, I actually think their food is better than average (*wink @ DJ) but I think anyone who has left a place of employment can understand. 
Not to matter, we wouldn't be there for long...or would we. I tried to take notes on how these Alaskans operate. These guys walk into any place and after only a few minutes...own it! They are, however, armed with one of the best icebreakers Ive ever seen, " We're from Alaska." Its amazing how this gets peoples immediate interest. I'm thinking of having a fake McLovin ID made up, only with Alaska. 
This was how it went down on this particular evening. Dean, Mike and I sat at one end of the bar, and noticed a lovely blue haired Golden Girl, sitting at the other end. Without a word, Mike got up and began talking to the woman, who laughed, pointed at us and smiled. When Mike came back, I asked what he said . " I told her Dean was coming over to buy her a drink". It was then that we looked over, to see Betty White waving at us! 
Not wanting to disappoint, Dean walked over and bought her a Native Alaskan shot, The Duck Fart, which is a delicious combination of Kahlua, Baileys and Crown Royal. She loved it, and the flood gates opened. Turns out that entire side of the bar was her family, sons daughters, uncles, brothers, etc. These guys had befriended an entire clan, in about 2 minutes. What followed involved much laughter, back slapping, shots bought and good times. 
I distinctly remember that Dean was behind the bar making shots at one point. If you've ever worked at a corporate restraunt chain, you'll understand how rare a sight that is. These guys were not only allowed to do this, but were encouraged by the Managers with much fanfare. They became such good friends with the Management at Ruby Tuesday that if I ever need to get a job at RT again, I'm going to go through the Alaskans. 
So our pregame , became the Game itself. We ended up watching the entire World Series game there, and I'm afraid to know what they dropped there that night. I guess that one of the side effects of bar popularity that I cant afford. When all was said and done with this trip, we all agreed that that night at Ruby Tuesday's, was one of the highlights. Whod'a thunk?I live down the street, this place is very convenient for me but thats about it. Nothing special or great about it. Food is just okay. And to be honest, its not just this ruby tuesday.. ive been to a couple and it seems to be the same case for all of them. Just not happy with their menu, it kinda stinks.Honestly, I don't know why I went back. I had been there before and it was not good but it had been about two years. Once I got my food, I remembered why....hand breaded shrimp my rear. It was bad....b...a...d. The reason I gave them two stars was the service. It was good but not enough to make up for the food. I'd be hard pressed to recommend them....I don't make a habit of writing reviews like this, but I hope the management of Ruby Tuesdays reads this and tries to make some changes. Maybe because they have a captive audience by the airport and there are no other choices, but this restaurant isn't even trying to be good. Let's start with the staff - rude.  The host basically said good luck if you can find a seat. The manager lady, not nice at all. The waitress, sweet but aloof. What a weird experience. 
The food?  Not good. I had to send back my queso. Pre-manufactured cheese sauce that had sat all day in a warmer with stale chips. Totally disgusting and inedible. Really?
"Crispy" boneless wings that were soggy and gross. And, to top it off, weak drinks.  Wow. Where I'm from, we call this a hot mess. I hope I never come back here again.The service is ok. But they over salt everything!! Are here a few times while stuck at a nearby hotel and each meal was very salty.Had the Bourbon glazed pork chop...outstanding meal...a little pricey, but I didn't mind because it was so delicious. Service was weak, and salad bar was smaller than the chain usually has, but it was fresh. All in all, a good meal.This was the only restaurant close by and after reading the reviews I was nervous of eating here. Service was great and very quick even though they were busy, drinks great and food was pretty good. I was very pleased and glad I went in.The food was amazing. I ordered the Bourbon-Smoked Pork-chop and it was delicious. The barbecue sauce was the right amount of spicy and sweet and it perfectly complemented the dish. The mash potatoes were creamy and seasoned perfectly. The green beans were a bit plain but still overall, the dish was great.We were staying near the Philly Airport and wanted to go where we knew the food was consistent no matter which city the restaurant is in. Thus, we chose Ruby Tuesday even though there are plenty of other restaurants near Philly airport. The salad bar had all fresh ingredients as usual and the pumpernickel croutons are a 'must'! My cheeseburger was juicy, hot, and tasted like delicious prime beef. I had to keep my companions from tasting it all away! Our new waitress was attentive, professional, and responsive, as if I were at a fine dining restaurant and not a convenient dinner restaurant near the airport. She obviously takes great pride in doing a great job. We rewarded her with ample tipping. She should be promoted to manager over all the service staff as she made everyone's experience restful and enjoyable. A great feat when dealing with hungry tired travelers. Thank you Ruby Tuesday!Ordered take-out and it took a very, very long time. I was told 20 minutes but ended up waiting for a little over an hour. I only ordered a tiramisu and a chicken sandwich! The manager walked in and out of the kitchen and was nice enough to acknowledge me by name and apologized for the wait. When the food finally came, she was kind enough to throw in four free cupcakes as compensation for the long wait. The order was still warm when I got back to my hotel room which is good I guess. Then again, my hotel was only across the parking lot. Unfortunately, the food wasn't that great, it was just plain 'ol okay.Dropped into this restaurant because was nearest to the hotel. The service staff were courteous, but the food was below standards for a chain hotel - the fries were on the soggy side, the steak was tougher than usual. Just little things that were off, but still a notch below a chain standard. Maybe they were just having a bad night?I ordered a petite sirloin online to-go. It wasn't cooked precisely to my specified "medium" temperature, but I do recall eating worse steaks. Overall I wasn't disappointed by my main feature. The broccoli and mashed potatoes sides, however, could be improved in taste simply by using less salt.  
The staff were friendly and helpful, but perhaps disorganized.
Of the RT's that I've visited, the interior design and decor of this particular one may have been my favorite.
I'll be back when I'm staying in the PHL area. If this is your only dining option, your situation could be worse.Normally I like this place! I don't know why there rate is lower. On the other hand, this time, I didn't receive that starter biscuit.. I didn't ask for it, so I don't get it? My server forgot about that? 
Great food though. I wish they have stronger air circulation so there is not restaurant's smell.. That food stain smell, I should say...
Will I go back? Yes, when I get their discount coupons.Horrible service...
These service industry workers in PA have absolutely no clue...
Remember to grab your silverware yourself when you enter... otherwise you'll wait for a long time...
Tables all around me with mountains of dishes as patrons are done eating and waiting for their server...Let's say, it's close to the hotel. I ordered a ny strip medium with the baked mac n cheese and some sweet potato fries. The steak was more cooked on one side than the other and served on a plate with grease bubbles floating in some thin brown liquid. It looked disgusting. Check the picture out. The mac an cheese was mostly some indescribable kind of yellow cheese with in melted cheese on top of it. The bottom was wam and the cheese on top was not even melted. The only good thing on the plate was the sweet potato fries, yet sadly they were swimming in the brown liquid with grease bubbles in it (see pictures) avoid this place if you like good food. The staff was friendly enough and the manager took the inedible meal off my tab. The food should have been okay if served to a dog. I feel bad for the cow that had to give its life up only to be destroyed by an unknowledgeable cook.The only restaurant close to the hotel. I ordered the grilled Salmon and it was overcooked. The veggies were drained in butter. Was late and ate it but would send it back if it wasn't that late at night afte a long flight from the west coast.
The service was fast and friendly A++
Food: F
Setting: dirty, table was tacky.... and had that typical Denny's restaurant table smell... nasty..My husband and I grabbed a quick bite at Ruby Tuesday on Thursday evening.  The salad bar is the top rated thing there. Our burgers we better than the burgers we had at Bobby Flay Burger place. Fries was hot and good. Over all we had a good experience, compared to a last three restaurant experiences.I went to this restaurant because it was very convenient (in the parking lot of my hotel). I sat at the bar and had dinner. The bar area was dirty and the bartenders were making drinks after pushing the trash down with their hands in the trash can. I saw drinks returned because they had bugs in them while I was there. If this is what it looks like where a customer can see it, I can only imagine what the kitchen is allowing. I will go without food before I will return to this establishment.Food was fine. A chain so you know what's coming. But I really liked the staff. Courteous and helpful, especially Rebecca.  A slow night and late, but they were still on their game and I appreciated it greatly.  ThanksWent for a night cap after having done a pub crawl downtown. Our hotel was right by this joint and it was our last resort. 
Friendly staff!! Good drinks. 
Super slow service. There were about less than 20 people in the entire place. We got the menu 15 mins after we were seated and another 20 for our drinks. We didn't order food. I'm not even slightly exaggerating. This was on a Sunday; before Columbus day.Food awful. Been to many Ruby Tuesday's and this was the worst. Greasy over seasoned food. Steak sent back. Medium steak came out well done.  Service was good but after all that not even an offer to make it better in any way.  Go somewhere else.I gotta say, the food was not great at all! Got the chicken fresco (or something like that), if you're expecting anything like the picture in the menu, you'll be sadly mistaken! Can you say false advertising? Let just say I'm glad I'm just passing by... I give it two stars cause the beet was cold.Ruby Tuesday is usually I pretty solid place for a decent meal when I'm on the road and there isn't much to be found in the vicinity. Unfortunately this place was pretty bad.
The service was absolutely atrocious, so bad. We waited over 30 minutes for a server to stop by and take our drink order, we waited at least 45 minutes to actually receive our drinks. Our food order was all wrong, this is why I really wish servers would right down orders. This wasn't a scenario that only one order was screwed up but everyone at my table was completely wrong.
I ordered the grilled Salmon, which in my opinion was a very risky thing to do considering. I should have known better. The portion size was pretty small and the fish was overcooked. The sides of broccoli and zucchini were advertised as steamed. I'm not sure about that. They were probably precooked and dowsed in butter and thrown into a pan and "steamed that way. The veggies were very soggy and drenched in butter.
I wish I would have sent it back and just called it good for the night but I was starving and haven't eaten all day. Lucky I had some beverages to take the edge off. 
Go somewhere else if you are hungry this place was really bad!The waiters are all very sweet. The ribs here are crazy amazing. Its a nice place to eat for wonderful prices.Walked out 30 minutes after sitting in the bar area as the staff failed to provide service.Just been sitting at the bar. They are all wonderful, hard working and delightful. What a pleasure. Thank you!!!I had a party of 6 and we entered at 6:20pm. I was told a 30 minute wait.  Ok... that's not bad for a Saturday and considering this is probably the only restaurant in proximity to a lot of hotels, I didn't mind.    I noticed two 4 top tables leave and cleared off and just left sitting without another party being seated.  These tables sat for about 15 minutes.   So after waiting for 40 minutes, we decided to ask if they could split our party in to two tables and lo and behold, they gave us the two 4 tops.   The waitress was very nice.  However, service was pitifully slow.  I ordered a simple salad bar and soup.  The pasta salad from the salad bar was overly salty and the potato salad was runny.  The soup was broccoli and cheese and salty as well and I only ate half.   It took a while for our waitress to clear our table and bring us our check.  We paid our bill and waited quite a while for change to be returned.   
More than anything else, it is poor management and training that is causing such delays for patrons to be seated.  Food quality, well... it's been going down hill over the years.20 min just to get serviced??? No freaking thanks!! Under staffed and the customers feel it!!Ruby Tuesday employee ignored us for over twenty minutes playing on his phone, while we waited to be seated. We also were also ignored by every waitress that walked by. It was NOT busy and it obvious why. Service fail! Avoid, avoid, avoid... we gave up waiting and left so we can only review the poor lack of service.I actually didn't know that Ruby Tuesday was still open.... I haven't been to one in years and I was reminded again at dinner last night. I was with a colleague at the hotel across the parking lot and we just needed something quick. 
We were happy to see a salad bar but that's about where it ended. 
The super fruit sangria was described by our server as "sangria with lots of fruit in it"... Really? That's all you got? I ordered it as it was tasty - definitely blackberry glaciers and it was good but the server was so unconvincing. 
My guest is a vegan and she was able to find a veggie platter to meet her needs. I had the bourbon salmon. Both were fine - nothing remarkable but it didn't leave me wanting more. 
Service was adequate. Food sub par overall. The one notable item was my seat faced the kitchen and I could clearly see the line cooks working. The guys weren't wearing hair nets AND they had facial hair without any protection... Yikes! To top it off, I saw who I presume to be a line cook eating pizza     Now I haven't worked in a restaurant in about 10 years but there is no way rules have changed that much!! They should not be eating in the same place they are preparing food! Just so unappetizing to me. 
Thankfully I was just passing through and really won't become a regular. Try to go somewhere else if you can.I was very impressed with this Ruby Tuesday. By far the very best. We were greeted immediately by a host. The restaurant was very warm since it was super cold outside. There was no wait time but it did seem like a full house. They were cleaning tables off immediately. Our waiter was Charles (hope I have this right) and he was awesome! He constantly had our drinks filled and made sure we had everything we needed. The food was excellent. I had the salmon and it was delicious. No bones at all! The salad bar was always full and had a great variety. They were very convienant and made flavored sprite for us. I also tried the white sangria and it was amazing. Made just right! The restaurant was not too loud and  it was very comfortable. The bathrooms were super clean and music was just right. I highly recommend this Ruby Tuesdays especially if you are staying in one of the local hotels like we were.In town for an interview.   I came here because it was close to the Embassy suite.  I asked for limes and they didn't have any.  The bartender was not very friendly. The food was ok.The food seemed ok. The service is terribly slow, and the waiter just keeps forgetting to do his job.Ordered my usual for Ruby's- all vegs & salad bar, with an on tap Yuengling after I moved to the bar. I didn't even see a server for 10min while sitting at a hightop. The hightop area was super slippery too--chairs slide around on the tile floor. the Salad Bar was lacking a lot of veggie items I'm used to in Hawaii. Otherwise, food was normal. bartenders were a great improvement over the needs a lot of improvement servers( barely a dozen customers in this big place at time I went).We had 5 people and they wouldnt sit us at a table of 4 and just add one chair they made us wait 20 extra minutes. And we had to walk. The hosts was rude. We haven't had our food yet but y'all bess believe I'll be reviewing that too.
Update: great salads. Music is great. Food is spot onBy far the worst service I have ever had....they bring the food out minus my husband's fries and the waitress says she will be back with the fries and she disappeared and we never saw her again. We were done eating for like 20 minutes, had no drinks left and had to stop someone and have them go find her so we could pay and get out of there so our son could go to bed.Oh Ruby Tuesdays, you never fail to disappoint when a girl wants to hit up the salad bar. I visited this location with a group of six. The waiter was very accommodating to our desire to sit and chat, as well as with our need of separate checks. The food was good, the service friendly and the beer cold. It's also one of the very, very few restaurants near the airport, so if you don't want to pay too much for a crappy burger at the Sheraton Suites, it's a great option.Pretty good food. The salad bar is awesome. Main complaint is the prices. Really?? Ok airport food. Nice quiet dinner. Waitress need to be more attentive. But they are friendly.Went here twice for my night before flying to Vegas the next day, first to the bar then to dinner. Good service and tasty drinks and food. I got the chicken tacos and they were spicy and had good flavor.
I absolutely have to gush over the croutons. They are warm and soft and I could eat a plateful!Ruby's a bit overwhelmed by Penn Relays crowd.  Not bad with the food.  A hostess who was so calm she took a full 5 minutes to face and space about twenty menus at her podium before taking our names.  Should have walked but had no inkling of our Marriott Courtyard's Bistro....limited choice but zero frustration.  No real restaurant choice nearby.This was the worst dining experience I've had in a long, long time - maybe ever. From the service to the food, there was little to be happy about. 
We had a party of 4 and arrived about 15 minutes ahead of a Duke sports team and ordered just as they arrived. When we saw them arrive, we said whew, good thing we got our order in ahead of them! Well, apparently not. After AN HOUR of not getting anything to eat, our server told us our order was bumped back behind them. Why? No answer. 
But wait, it gets worse! We ordered salads and and an appetizer. They felt that salads should be served with the entree so we didn't see them until the entrees finally came over an hour later. But before that, we noticed that our appetizer was actually sitting on the table behind us, and had been sitting there for at least 15 minutes. A server came by with the plate and looked around in confusion and then put the plate on a table behind us littered with used plates, glasses, and silverware from the party that had just left. We didn't know this was actually our appetizer at the time. We suspected it might be at the 1 hour mark when, that table was bussed clean, but the appetizer plate REMAINED on the table! At that point it caught our eye and we thought it looked like what we had ordered. We pointed that out to our server once we finally found her after a lengthy absence, and sure enough, our suspicions were confirmed! WHY WOULD PEOPLE DO THIS? 
By this time, we THOUGHT our meal would be coming out shortly so we told them we would skip the appetizer. We should have had it, because the meal took another 15-20 minutes to arrive! When it did, some of the dishes were cold and dried out from sitting and had to be sent back. To her credit, the Manager didn't charge for the appetizer and salads and offered free desserts (which we declined - who knew how long they would take?). 
In summary, the waitstaff and kitchen failed miserably and did not appear to be even close to the sharpest knives in the restaurant that night. I'm not a fan of chain restaurants, and this experience just confirmed why I try to avoid them, and will certainly never go back to this one.We all got soup and salad, it took almost an hour for the soup to come out. I had the send the cheddar broccoli soup back because the broccoli was almost raw and it tasted so salty. The waitress was less than attentive. That's not even the bad part. When we were leaving there was a couple who were fighting (trying to punch each other) and then the woman tried to run the guy over with her car! The whole time an Applebee's employee was standing outside. She then told us that this particular couple works at this Applebee's and they fight all the time. Like it was no big deal there was an employee trying to murder another employee with her car in their parking lot. Jeez...I can see what the other reviews are talking - this restaurant has some setup and execution issues.  Got a meal at the bar - the bar staff was friendly but always were asking about food and having to leave to go get it.  What about helping each out and bring the food out.  They left a side off of my dinner.  Food tasted okay.  But it was close and convenient - so good enough.Very slow service! Food was good once it got there. Place seems busy but with such poor service i doubt many are repeat visitors. I however fell into the repeat trap. Its really the only option close to several hotels. The second visit was exactly like the first. Staff arguing and slow service. Food and drinks were good when they arrived however. If your hungry and have time (LOTS OF IT) it will work.Close to the hotel, but would not be a first choice next time. Service was ok, but food blah, not very clean and salad bar (the reason I like RT in the first place) was not kept up very sloppy... Wawa up the street has great subs, better choice...Pretty disappointed in a brand that I can usually count on. Had the honey borbon salmon with nashed potatoes. Foid was goid but took 30 minutes. Ouch!  Garden bar great as always. 
Server was kind and professional.This is pretty much the only restaurant in a row of hotels near the airport, so it's the only deal in town. I attended a yearly conference this past weekend, and we called this Ruby Tuesday to ask if we could have a reservation for 12 people. They said if we were willing to wait until8PM, we could have it.
We showed up at 7:50 on Saturday night with 13 instead of 12, and they were able to get the extra person in with no problem. Once we were seated we were introduced to our waiter, a nice young man named Christopher. Honestly, he was the best part of the evening. He was nice, accommodating and entertaining, and didn't seem overwhelmed by the large group.
We ordered drinks. I had the Strawberry Prosecco Bellini, which was a bit too sweet and didn't seem to have much alcohol at all. Bummer. I was limiting myself to one, though, so I could stay awake for the after party.
For dinner I had the petite sirloin, salad bar and mashed potatoes. I think the salad bar was the best part, and that's saying something, since I'm usually not a big salad person. The steak was meh - not as rare as I would have liked, and pretty tasteless. I was wishing I had some adobo in my pocketbook. One friend had the Asiago Peppercorn steak and was much happier with that. I wished I'd ordered a baked potato instead of the mashed, because the mashed tasted way too salty/fake.
Different people ordered different things and I can't remember it all. I just know that the reviews were mixed - some things were a hit, some weren't. Everyone, however, loved the waiter. Even with the added gratuity we all put in more.
So, if you're out at the Embassy Suites or any of the other hotels in that area, this is a decent choice. Enjoy.It is your typical Ruby Tuesday, but the serivice was spot on and our waitress was amazing.  The salad bar was clean and well stocked and the entrees we ordered to go to have for lunch the next day held up great and tasted just as good the next day as if we had just ordered them.This was the worst Ruby Tuesday that I have eaten at.  We got the rib sampler with shrimp chicken and ribs.  The shrimp was cold, the chicken strips were as tough as shoe leather but the ribs were tasty.  I told the manager and she replaced my order with the salad bar and charged me full price for the salad bar.  Most of my guest meals were also cold but they did not want to complain.  Will not be going back.The food was ok but the service was slow, really slow. 20 minute wait for a bowl of soup and it was warm (and that is generous). Meal came out the correct temperature. Check was slow to come, and the waitress was even slower to pick it up. Location to my hotel was the only positive part of the experience.Our flight was delayed and we got in kinda late for an anniversary week. We wanted to get a nice dinner at a brand that we knew, so we decided to spend a little more and get Ruby Tuesday's. This location does not uphold the Ruby Tuesday standard. In fact, if this was my first experience with Ruby Tuesday I would never go back. The host did not even stand up from the bench he was sitting on when we walked in. We were so excited looking at the menu, but the food was incredibly bland when it came out. Despite what it says in the sign, this is not a Ruby Tuesday.  You can do better than this, especially for the price.they okay. Never liked Ruby Tuesday, but there salad bar is on point. They over dress your food with sauces and spices that you don't get to enjoy the freshness of your food. But if you hungry and don't care, come here.Don't waste your time....no service....employees horse-playing...all the negative reviews were spot on. Management replies to Yelp reviews, but hasn't changed a damn thing. You're better off taking a shuttle to the airport, coaches, or eating at WAWA. A half-dozen bar area tables were available, but the tables weren't  cleared and extremely filthy.Ugh - zero craft beer selection. Outdated generic menu. Only thing edible was the salad bar. But no other dining options off airport campus. Come on people, you are right by the airport!! Surely you can find some scrap of local culture to offer so we don't leave thinking Philly is a complete noplace stuck in the 90's?? Nicest darn servers though, bless their hearts.Horrible burger. Of course we ordered the triple prime but I think we got the classic and without the cheese. Our server was the worst. Horrible! He was friendly but after flying and expressing our thirst it took him so long to bring water. I finally got them from the bar. And, our cocktails sat at his area to bring to us for more than 5 minutes.I've been here several times when traveling out of PHL airport. It's ok. The salad bar is fresh and the food is just Iike any other RT. Each time I've been here the service has been okay up until it's time for the check-- you wait forever for them to drop it and run your card. Every. Time. If you're in a rush, ask for it early!I popped in there one afternoon to pick up some lunch take-out. It was my first time at Ruby Tuesday. I told my waitress this, but she wasn't very welcoming, and wasn't helpful at all in helping me decide what to order. I settled on some french fries and chicken with BBQ sauce.
It took forever for my food to come out, while the waitstaff moseyed around calmly not making eye contact with me or asking me if all is well. When it finally came out, the fries were soggy and not well-packed. I debated eating it there at least while it was still edible, but I decided I didn't want to spend 1 more minute in that damn place. I ended up tossing out about half my food, because it was quite bland, and frankly the chicken seemed under-cooked. That's wasted money.
Quite a discouraging experience, bordering on disgusting. I guess that's the last time I visit Ruby Tuesday.After seeing endless Ruby Tuesday commercials here in Cali (& nothing's close to my area), I finally saw and visited one in Philly.
Loved it!
I thought it was all hype but they delivered. I truly enjoyed their endless drinks and not just sodas but their handcrafted fruit teas and specialty lemonades. I tried strawberry lemonade and was really refreshing with bits of fruit @ the bottom.
Our server was nice and made small talk (not annoying) while waiting for food. Speaking of waiting, we didnt wait that long yet our food came in piping hot.
I got the Mini Trio burgers which included beef, turkey and crab cake. All were flavorful.
Definitely better than Chilis and Applebees.My girlfriend and I are from the west coast, and we travel to Maine and back at least once per year, so we come through Philadelphia kinda frequently.
Anyway, we were staying at the Club Quarters, right across the street from Ruby Tuesday and decided to try this place. We were quite surprised. It didn't look like much from the exterior, but inside it is quite nice, and my girlfriend especially likes the food. She got the sirloin steak with some sort of bacon sauce and loved it. I got the salmon and that was quite good as well. Even though this was our first time there, we found the staff and locals quite amusing. We're already planning another visit to Ruby Tuesday, like .. tomorrow :DRuby Tuesday in Center City is pretty awesome; excluding the chain restaurant part. Even though it is attached to the lamest mall in Philly, Liberty Place, it is in a relatively safe area. I went there for brunch and they had the best choices. They really understood what happens to people when they are "brunch" mode. The staff is really friendly as well.The food was good and the staff was friendly. It's was on a Friday during lunch time and we got seated immediately and the food arrived to our table promptly. The portion sizes were good, and the food was tasty. My friend did receive old lettuce on her burger and they did take the old lettuce and gave her fresh lettuce. However, tracking down our waitress was like trying to find Waldo. I would definitely go back, but I don't want the same waitress.Worst service, if i could i would rate this less than 1 star. We were seated at 720pm, the person came 15 mins later, we ordered our drinks, app and food. It took another 20 minutes to bring the drinks back - but keep in mind that it took 3 trips to bring 1 soda, 1 beer and 2 waters. While waiting for our app, we over heard her complain to her manager about not receiving any tips. After 40 minutes without receiving any food we left and asked to pay for our 2 drinks. The bartender had to go find the waitress and surprise, told us she was in the back making desserts! The person apologized to us sying they were very busy but that was not truth.. not many people in there. Never going back to that place. Worst service ever.It seems like they should have decent food here - but alas, no.  Service is pretty disinterested, and the prices are more than the quality demands.
I did get a nice side of steamed broccoli in lieu of the fries - so that was good.
I don't come here unless co-workers force me to.You're regular run of the mill food chain restaurant.  I'll be honest.. I can't really tell the difference between this place, TGI Fridays, Applebees, and Chilis.  One place does something slightly different than the other but majority is the same.  Me and my wife both had burgers and the kids had appetizers as their meals.  I asked to double up on chicken fingers and take something out.  Worked out great.  Burgers were not cooked well like I asked and was swimming in a pool of grease.  It was okay but I wish it wasn't so greasy.  I don't like picking up the buns and feeling my hands all greased up from the oil.  On the bright side..I have to say the All You Can Eat salad was the best part but watch out because you can get full pretty quick.  If the kids want, I would say you could "share" the salad with the kids but not permitted with adults.  I went up like twice and that was it for the salad.  Bottom line.. it's okay but I wish I had a Red Robin around my way.  I do think they sort of stand out among those fast food chain restaurants.  Maybe it's because I have kids and they are "more" kid friendly lol.Food was great! Didn't have any issues with waiters or service. Bathroom was not clean and if a place cannot keep it bathroom clean that is open to the public, I worry about how well they are cleaning the area that is closed off to the public :-/ other than that I like the food, but if you get worried about restaurant cleanliness..bathroom might make you think otherwise.I went back last week because I had a craving and I must say this place is better than I remember. "Endless fries" is new to me and the fruit drinks are fantastic (tea/lemonade/misc). I tried a watermelon fizz (like a home made soda) and it was okay... but the club soda was a bit too creamy. I swapped it (free refills) with a peach tea and I was set for the rest of the meal.
I don't know I had a great day that day anyway, I don't know if Ruby Tuesday could have done much to change it otherwise. I chose a secluded table by 17th street and it was so peaceful. It made for great people watching. I'll be back in a month or 2. Boston Blue Burger FTW!stopped in on a sunday afternoon.not super crowded, however waited a really long while to be waited on and then have our food table side.
the waitress was pleasant and attentive , but seemed flustered...
she forgot or was overwhelmed and we didnt get everything properly...but she apologized.
good chicken tortilla soup , had a kick and the salad bar was very limited.MORE dressing choices than items ..bummer...
not sure if we would come back, for ehat we spent its perhaps not a great deal...$9 grilled chicken salad that clearly came out of a plastic bag. The carrots are dried out, the lettuce have wilt marks and the tomatoes are mushy due to age. Thanks! Also there are semi-frozen peas on my appetizing plate.Didn't get a chance to try the food. As soon as we walked in a smelled like an old musty basement. We thought it was just the front entrance but as we were seated the smell actually got worse. It literally smelled like old rotting flesh mixed with people who hadn't showered. Me and my girlfriend are extremely tolerant people and didn't want to seem offensive but we couldn't bare the thought of consuming food in those conditions so we were forced to just walk out before being served.My family and I were visiting Philly for a couple of days. We stayed at the Embassy Suites in Logan Square (4 stars). We foolishly ignored the recommendations to eat at the Irish pub a block from the hotel and decided to find somewhere on our own. 
The first clue that something should not have entered this Ruby Tuesday was the fact that it was 9:00pm on a Friday and the restaurant was practically empty. We went in and were told (despite the small number of patrons) that the wait would be 20 minutes. With two small kids in tow, we decided to give RT a chance. BIG MISTAKE!!! 
Although we ordered our food immediately, we still had a wait for the food. I have to give our waiter (cannot remember his name) a shout out for bringing my 5 year old's meal as quickly as he could. The chicken tenders and fries were good. The tenders were well seasoned and the fries were cooked - crisp, but not hard. 
I ordered the 1/2 rack baby back ribs with rice pilaf and roasted cauliflower. The rice was dry and salty. The texture was as if it had been cooked the night before and left out in the open. The cauliflower was disgusting! It actually smelled AND tasted sour. I think the cream sauce was bad. It was also barely cooked, much less roasted.'
My husband ordered an American burger with cheese. It was okay - except the chef forget to add the lettuce, tomatoes, and onions. 
It soon became apparent why so the restaurant was so empty. A Friday night in a busy city area and they had only 2, TWO, DOS, DEUX waiters on staff. The host claimed that other workers called in sick. My poor waiter - still cannot remember his name - was running around like a chicken without a head. I do remember that he was tall, black, handsome, and from Ohio. He was serving people at the bar, one side of the restaurant, and mixing drinks. RIDICULOUS. I must say he did the best that he could. 
I really wanted dessert but was turned off. In addition, empty tables were dirty. They still had plates, silverware, and glasses on them. There was food on the carpet . . . Just a hot mess. Potential customers walked in, looked at the place, walked out. 
If anyone from the Ruby Tuesday corporate office is reading this - YOU NEED TO SEND SOMEONE TO THIS LOCATION ASAP. You manager(s) need help. I have been going to RT for at least 10 years. This was the worst experience ever.My friends have been raving about this place. I wondered why everyone had this strong love for a simple restaurant...I see why now.
Yesterday was an odd day. I believe the Erin Express was running, therefor we witnessed people passing out in the streets while wearing green. After we sifted through the drunken crowds of Erinites, we enter Ruby Tuesdays. We were promptly seated, and greeted by the nicest waiter I have ever had the pleasure of being served by. While waiting on our order and partaking in the best salad bar ever, we eavesdropped on the other waiters and waitresses to see if they were as good as the young man that served up. To our surprise they all were excellent service providers! 
The food was great, the salad bar is to die for, and the service was unbelievable.I'm updating my former review in an attempt to be fair to the establishment as a whole.  I should not base the entire restaurant's review on one dilhole who jacked up a catering order.
Anyway, I went here for lunch today and had a lovely experience.  The bartenders are sweet as can be & very attentive.  They aren't afraid to make a strong drink here either.  Lunch specials are just right...turkey minis & broccoli soup, yes please!
Solid lunch spot!Great place to chill in the evening and they have a lot of choices. Nice to watch Flyers games right at the bar, and atmosphere is pretty calm in the evenings.We just received the best customer service from Ruby Tuesday this week. I have to say, restaurants have stepped up their game in these tough times. Not only does Ruby Tuesday have a very affordable menu, they also have a "Draft of the Day" that is always $3.00. Can you beat that!! My favorite meal to order is the Soup and Salad combo. You get your choice of three soups and all you can eat salad bar for about $9.00. Top that off with the draft of the day and you have a great meal for $15.00 with tip.After my experience on July 4th, I will probably not be dinning at Ruby Tuesdays anytime soon. We were not greeted at all, but told by the "host" that the kitchen was backed up for 30 minutes. We sat down at the high top table by the bar that we had to clean ourselves and ended up getting our own menus. After asking several times if we could have a waiter, one of them rudely said that she wasn't taking care of us because the bar tenders were supposed to. She said this over her shoulder as she swiftly walked away from us. Apparently the managers are to busy to speak to unhappy customers. After we sat there for over 45 minutes, we had to once again approach one of the staff, only to be told that the kitchen had been closed since 9:00pm. Our time and energy didn't have to be wasted, if we were just told that in the first place.I haven't been here in almost a year because the experience is never good, but we heard they changed it up so we decided to try it out for lunch today.  We stood there for over 10 minutes with no hostess in sight, while servers walked past us back and forth and never said a word to us.  Place was pretty empty, so I don't know why no one could be bothered to even say they'd get someone to seat us.  We finally just left and went somewhere else.Highly disappointed. My boyfriend and I came here around 10:30-11pm and was told that we must wait 45-minutes for a seating. When we looked around, there was seats in the front area and more to the back yet they asked us there was a 45-minute wait. Confused, starving and a little agitated, my boyfriend and I were starting to leave when the hostess said they'll check. We were seated immediately. Still confused but feeling better that now we could finally sit and eat. 
My boyfriend and I ordered the four way sampler to start it off. It was awesome. Then we ordered our entrees. He ordered the Cajun Jambalaya Pasta and I, craving some steak, ordered the Petite Sirloin & Lobster Tail. When my plate came out, my boyfriend and I made eye contact and I knew we were sharing the same thought, "what is this?" On my plate was a fist-sized (maybe not even) steak that was really dry and a lobster tail that was also small in size. Just the view made my appetite go away and was really disappointed. My boyfriend's dish on the other hand, was okay but he stated that it was extremely salty. 
The only thing I was satisfied with was our waiter who was extremely friendly and our lemonade drinks. Nothing else. Will not be coming back.Friendly staff, but terribly slow service. We sat for 20 minutes in an empty restaurant before anyone gave us menus. Standard American fare; as a vegetarian the only real option was an oily vegetable pasta. Vegans would be limited to the salad bar. I imagine steak-lovers would be better suited.Horrible service, but good French toast (but make sure you specify butter on the side)I have been to the Liberty Place location many times. I go once a week on my days off. Everyone there is really friendly and they recognize me as a regular customer, which is important to anyone no matter what they might tell you. Everyone wants to be recognized and remembered. Everyone wants to feel special and they do that for me. A young lady named Taylor used to wait on me but she became a manager so now I have a new regular server, Nicole, who is also great! Let me not forget the bartender Kelly (hope I spelled it right). They are all always helpful with menu suggestions and wine recommendations ( I do like a good cab sauv) , always giving me good information that I might not be aware of such as possible substitutions, garden bar options, etc. I go first for the superlative service thanks mainly to the three young ladies that I mentioned. The food is good, the prices are not ridiculous like so much of center city, the food and drink are delivered quickly and with a smile. Even the managers help out when necessary. Last time I had the spinach and artichoke dip with tortilla chips for a first course, then I had the avocado turkey burger with bacon, along with sweet potato fries (1.49 extra, big deal). Finished with the deluxe chocolate cake which is exactly what it says-chocolate and more chocolate! Great wine and food, excellent, heart-warming service, good prices. Ruby Tuesday is a winner for regular folks( not foodies) who just want to have a good time and a good meal in a nice, clean restaurant.Really good restaurant, clean and quiet. The waiters are really nice and the food taste really goodFood is good. Service is ok. The fact that they discontinued veggie burgers is disappointing. Vegetarian options are limited.I went here three times in just one month. The first time I went there, I ordered the classic rib that came with 2 side dishes. I got grilled zucchini (which later on became the only side dish that I would order) and onion rings (which tasted pretty much the same to any other onion rings. I got tilapia for my friend. The classic rib was good! The waiter was very friendly and helpful because I was trying to pick among Memphis, Asian, or Classic Rib and he recommended the classic rib to me. It was very tender and fully marinated. My friend's tilapia dish was also good! It's been along time since I had a fish dish that doesn't smell like fish or make me want to spit it out!
The second time going there was two days after the first time going there. I ordered a  RARE sirloin steak, my friends ordered medium rare Ribeye and a Memphis rib. Memphis rib tastes unique in its own way but dry. Sirloin and Ribeye steaks tasted ok. I can say that Ruby's specialty is not the steaks. I can basically buy those and make them myself at home. Again that day, I made my two orders of appetizer dishes GRILLED ZUCCHINIS. 
The third time going there was a few days ago. I had Asian ribs while my friends ordered the Classic ribs (which I recommended) and steak. After trying all the ribs on Ruby's menu, I can say that one of Ruby's specialties may be the ribs! The steak, again, tasted all right. The bill came out to be about 45 dollars among the 3 of us which was quite cheap for some decent quality food in a very relaxing atmosphere. Ruby also has a very nice bathroom. Ruby's bathroom is comparable to Olive Garden's, Maggiano's, and other fancy restaurants. I would recommend going here for a nice relaxing meal with friends or families!Salad Bar has more dirty dishes than they have clean. I freaking found a hair in my salad once I found a clean plate and to top it off this place smells like mop water. The only reason why this place has one star (besides the default) is because the Cajun honey wing sauce was decent.Within one hour of eating here I developed chills and violent vomiting.  Throughout the night I was shaking with chills.  I HAD BEEN FOOD POISONED.  Certain items on the salad bar are suspect.  Mushrooms, carrots, coleslaw from the salad bar are suspect.  I will not return!A chain restaurant showing up at an unusual location, right in the heart of Center City (look out, Olive Garden!).  The venue hugs the corner of 17th and Chestnut, on the first floor of this office tower.  We were hard up on a holiday afternoon for late lunch, and it was one of the few places in the area still serving.  The rooms have the generic RT look; the menu is American basic with a New Orleans twist, heavy on hamburgers.  What it does offer is a serviceable salad bar, reasonable prices, and respectable fare.  The tap beers are less than four dollars.  The hamburger choices include veggie, turkey, and bison.  The blackened tilapia entree came with over cooked broccoli and decent mashed potatoes.  The fish was fresh tasting and moist, with just the right amount of Cajun kick.  The turkey burger was a respectable size and tasty.  The salad bar was well maintained, especially for the middle of the afternoon, and offered a reasonable selection.  If you need a cheap meal in this area, you could do worse.Service was not good, cause they didn't told us about the buffer need pay a money..
And when the customers were eating and chatting, the waitress was coming to ask too much.. was bother us to talking...
bad bad bad bad very bad.. 
i will not go there again!!!!!
chinatown is better than ruby tuesdayWaled at bar 15 mins...really, no one present on a Friday evening????.    Awful.  Great way to run restaurant.  Had to ask to clean filthy bar spot.We stayed at the Westin during a recent visit to Philadelphia and on our final night in the city we were somewhat exhausted from exploring the city.  We decided we didn't want to travel far for dinner and it quickly came down to a choice between the hotel's restaurant and Ruby Tuesday, which is just next to the hotel.  We chose Ruby Tuesday and were quite glad we did.
I'm generally not a fan of the big chain restaurants and the last time I remember eating in a Ruby Tuesdays was in 2003 in Atlanta, but our dinner was exactly what we needed that night.  The menu has a great range of options.  Interestingly, they printed the calorie counts of each entree on the menu.  We had had a full lunch at Reading Terminal Market that day, so I was looking to have a salad until I noticed that many of the salads had as many calories as their burger and fries platters.  I settled on the much lower calorie chicken fresco and it was delicious.  My wife and son were equally pleased with their entrees.  The mashed potatoes with white cheddar are amazing--I was Googling in our hotel room later that evening to try to find recipes to duplicate them.
The prices are quite reasonable (the same Dogfish Head IPA that had cost me $8 a bottle at Rouge the night before was $4 a bottle at Ruby Tuesday!), the food was excellent, and everything was very relaxing.
Ruby Tuesday won't be the best meal you'll have in Philadelphia but it's hard to imagine someone being disappointed with it.Eh...  I come here when I want a cheap seafood meal. Salmon and lobster tail with extra broccoli, yes plz!
I think its pretty lame that the bartender measures out the liquor for drinks in a jigger.  Yea, it may be company policy and blah, blah, blah... but still, LAME!  I don't think I should pay for a Long Island that gives me the effects Sprite.
The biscuits are GROSS!  They're free, but not worth the time to even try.  The spinach artichoke dip and shrimp fondue are also pretty bad and not free, so don't waste your money.  Crab cakes, nasty!  Again, do not waste your money!  The salad bar is decent and always fresh when I go.  The things I find nasty aren't just at this Ruby Tuesday, its across the board at all of them.
There are so many places around, you shouldn't even waste your taste buds coming here unless you want something specific that you can't get anywhere else.I have lunch here 4 to 5 times a week... the bar staff are great and try to do every thing they can for you,  though they are stretched thin.   menu gets updated about every quarter,  though I stick to the vegi plate and they are always fresh.. better than you would expect from and avg. chainI have been here plenty of times on plenty of different occasions.  This was actually my favorite restaurant.  If you can go to any other Ruby Tuesday location I advise doing so. Today I went to grab lunch and there was no host or hostess to greet me or my party. Then when we were finally seated. They took forever to get to us. It took 15 min for us to just get up and walk out. Noone said that they would be right with us or even took our drinks. The staff is very ghetto and unprofessional. We figured to just avoid this restaurant from now on.Doesn't even deserve a star because me and my friend didn't even get seated. The lady asked if we're over 18 and I am, over 18 but my friend is 17. She didn't even bother to check my ID. Then she told us to wait while asking her fellow colleague if these little asians can eat here or not. She went to the back for a minute and came back telling us that BOTH of us have to be 18. I see little kids in this stupid restaurant but my friend and I can't??? Never eat here before but it looks like I won't even bother to go here even when my friend is over 18. 
Fuckin' stupid smh.My favorite is the salad bar.
There are mixed green, ice berg, romaine, and spinach.
 Next to it you can find veggies such as roasted corn, broccoli, mushroom, peas, shredded carrot, edamame, chopped ham, and chopped eggs. You can find hummus, beets, pico de gallo at the next station. At the end of salad bar you can get pasta salad, egg salad, and orrechiette pesto, which is I highly recommend. There are several options of dressing too.
At the end you can find some flat bread kinda of pita, really good crispy lavash (another favorite), dried cranberries,  and croutons.
It's definitely worth it.
If you sign up at the website,  you can get special deals, such as $5 for salad bar for lunch. How can you beat such a bargain?
I took one star down because some of the ice berg has some brownish edges and they don't keep up with the pesto pasta. When I wanted to get my second, it's pretty much empty and it's still not at the peak of lunch hour yet.We were in the area and starved and hadn't had lunch so we went into this restaurant at 3:45.  We were promptly seated by the hostess.  The restaurant was fairly empty.  About 15 minutes later the hostess walked by and noticed the server had not yet greeted us.  She immediately found one for us.  
We ordered a bottle of red wine.  After 10 minutes the server came back and said they didn't have it so we ordered another kind.  We saw the opened bottle with two glasses at the bar (our server was busy with a demanding table).  There were 2 bartenders and what appeared to be 2 managers at the empty bar having personal conversations.  One would think one of them could have walked 15 feet to deliver the wine but we had to wait about another 10 minutes for the server to bring it.  We ordered the meal and about 20 minutes later server came back to say they only had one potato.  They were also out of asparagus.  Really, this is a large chain and going into the dinner hour without usual menu items.  To top it off,  the food came out semi hot.  
This has to be the worst managed branch of Ruby Tuesday.  The only employees who appeared to be working were the hostess who was busting her butt clearing and cleaning tables, almost running from table to table.  Our server tried but he appeared overwhelmed, while other servers just stood around. 
Considering the prime location and a tourist area,  they have to get their act together.Went on Saturday.  FOOD POISONING within one hour.  Chills, violent vomitng, diarrhea.  Salad bar definitely not fresh.  Tuesday and I'm still sick.  I WILL NEVER RETURN.Best Ruby Tuesday ever! Must be the chef cause the lobster tail n steak is amazing!What can I say?  Ruby Tuesday use to have GREAT food, but what a disaster.  I ordered Memphis Dry Rubbed Ribs, full rack with fries.  Got Wet Ribs, so they were replaced with Dry.  Only received half a rack with mashed potatoes.  Ribs were pure grease had no flavor and were warm (probably in a microwave).  When I received the fries, they were good, and the beer cold.  Therefore, the only thing I can say is beer is cold, ribs are flavor lacking (could not find any seasoning even with glasses on) ribs greasy and meal a disaster.  The waitress was sweet, apologetic and would have her work for me any day.  I would fire the cook.  I was told this was his first or second day.  It would be his last if I owned the place.I don't review franchises unless they are extraordinarily poor or good, so if you love Ruby Tuesday, this probably won't sway you either way.  
Good(s):
Salad bar - pretty good selection, especially if you want to make a non-healthy version
Sides of broccoli and mash - As expected, these were fine.
Bad(s):
Ribeye steak - All my fault, who eats steak at Ruby Tuesday?  But it sounded decent enough and I had gone a while without red meat so I took the leap, ordered it medium rare and waited.  Steak came out medium well with no hint of pink and was not appealing.  Which leads me to:
Manager on a power trip - The manager decides to defend the medium well steak and tell me that it's medium (I ordered medium rare, remember?) and spent a good 3 minutes explaining to me what the differences in cooking temperatures are before getting me a new one.I cannot give 0 stars. I guess the one star should go to the server, who was very nice. This place has really gone down hill. I've been in here many times over the past 10 years or so, but hadn't been in a while. I will not be back. The place smells moldy to begin with. I ordered a Triple Prime Burger, medium well. I have ordered this before with no problems. It took about 40 minutes to arrive but I had ordered the garden bar. The Garden Bar is basically the same as it always was except they added some pita pieces, more salad dressings and a few other things.  This time the burger came out burnt. So burnt that you could smell it, and it looked black. But I thought maybe inside it's not that overcooked. Well it was! I sent it back with the server.  Medium well means a little pink and tender inside not black and dried out! The second burger came out faster and it was less overdone but it was still not medium well. I ate it anyway since I was already running late. If you can't make a decent burger, then I really don't want to try the steaks. I have had better burgers at McDonald's and Five Guys (which is down the street and maybe I'll just go there next time I want a burger) and for half the price or less.I'm here to try the new over 55 items salad bar.  Fault advertising.  I counted. And it's only 49 items. People that work here said salad bar manager is not here today.  I order a cheese burger and McDonald's taste better.   I came here last year and promised myself to not come back but I have to try new salad bar. So disappointed.   Our waiter didn't even refill our water didn't ask how's the food (it's horrible by the way).  Other ruby Tuesday is better than this one. Avoid!!!   Also the place smells.I work nearby and this is my third attempt at even trying. The first time I was here with a group of friends, we did not get served or even acknowledge for half an hour and left. The second time I was here with a few coworkers and it took twenty minutes to get acknowledged, and another twenty minutes to receive just our drink. This time, I sat at the bar for half an hour and the bartender is chatting with people and refuses to even acknowledge me. Worst customer service ever,This place is disgusting! Unfortunately, it's one of the only decent options near the airport. When you think chain you think some what safe, not so much. I've eaten here several times as I frequent Philly for business. I've never been impressed with the service or food, but today changed all that. I was a little less then half way through my piece of chicken and discovered a long black hair between the chicken and melted cheese. I wanted to vomit! I asked to speak to the manager (that process took ten minutes) after I showed him the hair, he apologized in a very nonchalant manner, as if it happens all the time!! He returned with my bill, he had removed the food charge (which was less than half eaten).  He did however charge me for my ice tea, $3.58 with tax and walked away. Unbelievably poor service! Avoid if possible.Ruby Tuesday excels in mediocrity. The food is OKAY. Known for it's burgers, I think not. 
There is an optional salad bar of which I have never partaken. It rarely looks fresh. 
If you go stick with the deep fried options.I worked (for 4 hours before I was fired lol) at Ruby's before they made their change to "fine dining".  There was memorabilia all over the walls, regular menus, and my favorite appetizer was the Bang Bang Shrimp.  Now that appetizer is called Thai Phoon Shrimp or some nonsense, and the price has jumped to reflect it's new, upper class name.  All the memorabilia has been taken down to reflect it's new faux atmosphere.  I've eaten here a few times since, and it's never been terrible, but I wish that Ruby would just accept that it will never be Brasserie Perrier or Le Bec Fin.  Ruby's is all about American dining, and shouldn't try to be something that it isn't.THIS IS NOT A FOOD REVIEW. 
Getting that out of the way, I'd like to warn anyone that needs to contact this place of business. Today I went online and placed an order to be ready by a certain time. I immediately realized after it was placed that I had a previous engagement and could not eat @Ruby's today. No problem--went back online with my order number to cancel. NO way to cancel online orders online! Oh, OK, no problem, I will just call  them. I have been trying to call for 1 1/2 hours now by dialing the number, putting my phone on speaker, and going about my business waiting for someone to answer. NO ANSWER. For 1 1/2 hours--NO ANSWER. So, I guess they are just going to have to eat that order! Thank God I didn't give them credit card info.
So, planning to order online? Suggestions:
1. Make certain that the order is correct before you submit, because there is NO WAY to change it once submitted.
2. Make certain that you don't need to cancel the order before you submit because there is NO WAY to cancel it online and they may just decide not to answer the phone that day.
3. Don't give them payment information because you're going to have problems then.MY TUMMY WAS LIKE OH OH OH OH OH MY GOSH LOL The New orleans seafood is my favorite !!!! spicy grilled tilapia topped with shrimp covered in parmesean sauce, grilled asparagus, and cheddar mashed potatoes with a red rum runner martini ... I was in heaven. The waiter was nice, and pleasant and most important he got our food to the table quicklyI went there on a Sunday morning. Maybe I was the first one. The bartender couldn't find the channel I wanted to watch. For 15 minutes we were doing try and error. Then it took another 30 minutes before I saw my lunch. Too slow to me.Mediocre service poorly prepared food that takes too long. Inattentive management. A real contrast to other Ruby Tuesday locations.For some reason I love this place. They have the loaded baked potato (like the Outback), a pretty decent salad bar, but really great food.
They just updated their menu with more goods, and they have cool appetizers like Sliders (mini burgers). Now, don't expect Le Bec-Fin as this is a chain restaurant like Charlie Browns. In my  opinon it's far better than TGIF or Applebees.Stopped in and had a blue cheese burger last time with some bacon cheese fries and it was righteous! I haven't been back since Five Guys opened up down the street. For the price (everytime I come in and order the same thing the price is higher) at Five Guys I really should be going back to Ruby Tuesdays. I'd been to different locations over the years, but I prefer this one to all the rest just because I frequent this area. As others have mentioned, it has an interesting layout.
I even tried the monster burger one time. My buddy got one too and whoever couldn't eat it had to pay for everything. I ate mine and still paid just because it was his birthday.
They have really good barbecue sauce too. An old friend of mine went as far as to "sneak some out" in a bowl one time (not this location though). I've got to check this place out again some time.Tried to have dinner here at 5 on 12/14/2015. The place had very few customers for a busy commercial district at that hour. There was a feel of a restaurant that was ready to close for the night.  I decide to eat there anyway, because it was in a convenient location.
The hostess was worst than unwelcoming, she seemed almost hostile. The waiter was late to approach the table, and unabashed when he finally arrives. The rest of the staff seemed no better, being more interested in chattering among themselves, than attending to their duties.
If the staff behaves like that on the floor, it makes me afraid of what is happening in the kitchen, so I walked out.I came here with my sister during my lunch hour. For some reason, we had two waitresses. (I assume one was in training.) I ordered a glass of water, my sister ordered a coke. We ordered the appetizer sampler to start and a lunch portion shrimp pasta dish for me and the normal portion ravioli for her. Sounds good, right? 
Wrong. Our entrees come out... We still haven't received the appetizers or drinks. I inform one of the waitresses of this and she apologizes for the mixup. Ok, fine, the kitchen made a mistake. 
I start in on my shrimp pasta concoction... Half the shrimp are overwhelmingly smothered in powered seasoning and the other half and completely untouched. The pasta was overcooked to the point of being soggy and the Alfredo sauce was bland. 
My sister said her ravioli were ok but nothing to brag about. It's also worth mentioning that our dishes were served on the same size platters and portioned the same even though she ordered a dinner portion and I ordered the (supposedly) smaller lunch version. Good news for lunch goers, bad news for dinner patrons. 
Ok, so our appetizers finally come after digging into our entrees for a few minutes. The boneless wings were tasty and smothered with the mild sauce, the mozzarella sticks were bland. I didn't taste the other things on the tray so I can't comment but my sister seemed to enjoy them. 
Still no drinks... 
I tell one of the waitresses again and again they apologize. Finally, our drinks come. Well they kinda come. The waitress brings two waters. At this point my lunch hour is almost over so I tell my sister not to even bother asking for the correct drink (coke) as we'll probably be stuck there for another 20 minutes waiting for a $2 coke. 
I ask for the check and pay, 20% tip included. Yep, I'm a sucker. $40 for lunch? Well, I did promise to treat my sister. Next time I'll just pick somewhere better before picking a restaurant purely by the fact that it's 2 blocks from my office building. 
Bottom line: I would not recommend it.Drinks took 23 minutes.  7 patrons/8 employees in the establishment. 2 ppl at the bar. Service was shitty af. Needless to say: STAY AWAY.I've dined here on occasion and never had a serious complaint. The food and service are good. I almost always order a seafood dish when I go here and the portions are perfect. They don't drown you in food like some diners tend to do. I haven't ordered sandwiches but from what I remember when my boyfriend did, the sandwiches weren't so huge they couldn't fit in your mouth. The appetizers were really good, too.I have heard some horror stories about this Ruby Tuesday's but it was a rather pleasant experience.  I had a coupon so I figured what the hell.  My server was very pleasant and prompt.  The restaurant was clean and food was good, I mean it is a chain restaurant but it was good.  Love the sliders here and always did.Just passing throw was hungry.... stop to get something to eat. The only of the few only places I know had happy hour on a Saturday. They alright in my bookThere ribs are so good and the people there are really nice the only thing i didnt like was the loud youger kids.But other than that i enjoyed myself!Perfect Lunch spot...
Since I work around the corner I always come here to grab a bit to eat....
I wasnt a fan of Ruby Tuesdays in recent years but I came back and they won my heart again...
Their Flavored teas are delicious and it has the fruit in it...
Love IT !!!!Never a disappointment when I come. I enjoy getting their ribs. Meat falling off the bone deliciousness. The drinks change up occasionally. Their coronita taste better than chili's. It'll sneak up on ya. And of course the best happy hourThe service was fabulous.  The turkey burger combo was okay, twin mini beef burgers were dry.  French fries and salad bar was good.Came in here after my girlfriend got off work for a quick bite, ordered drinks and a shrimp fondue appetizer, never got the appetizer. The lady and I ordered the peppercorn steak with asiago cheese, was cooked to how we wanted it, but way over seasoned with pepper, sweet potato fries and baked Mac and cheese were okay. Probably won't be coming back here anytime soon.My boyfriend and I went to the location on 16th and Chestnut. Now I'm not a big fan of Ruby Tuesday but we were on a strict time limit. We walked in, the gentleman at the door acknowledged us by just saying "2?".... (STRIKE 1: Being acknowledged as a number really irritates me!!!) A single lady
 (Of a different race) came in and the host said "Hi how are u? Table for 1?....follow me" then turns as if he forgot about us even tho we were there first and says "oh you can follow me too." Strike 2. The woman eagerly jumps in front of us with the host leading the way. Half way to the seat, the host turns to us and says "y'all table is over there" I gave him a look that clearly read "dude which freaking table? There's plenty of open tables over there- how about u do your freaking job and escort us to the damn table???" He then sees my expression and lifts the menu in the air n uses it to tell us which table to go to and he continues to take the lady to her table. I'm annoyed at this point. My bf says he has to go to the bathroom. While he is gone, I take a brief look at the drink menu and this same host comes back and drops the menu ON TOP OF THE MENU I WAS CLEARLY READING!!!! My bf comes back and says "Do you kno he took the lady all the way to her table, pulled her chair out and placed an open menu in front of her?" Well that was it. STRIKE 3, 4 and 5. We asked for a manager. On the way over I heard the manager ask the server "well what's wrong with them?" He replied "I dunno, they just sat down." She comes over, we tell her the problem and she starts talking really fast and quickly offers a free app- however we both felt that she was basically saying "This isn't that big of a deal, u got a table, here's some mozzarella sticks to shut u up." So we left. 
As a paying customer, I expect good service from start to finish. I will NEVER patronize this chain again.Ate here on Friday with a friend and I'm just now getting the strength to write this review. The first ref flag occurred when I walked into the restaurant and there was no one to greet me, so I just sat myself at the bar and waited for my guest to join me. 15 mins later when my friend arrived, still no greeter. So we asked a gentleman that was cleaning the bar and dressed like a bus boy who we should see about seating, to my surprise he said him. This was the second red flag, we should of just left at this point.
We were finally seated at a booth and the server came to take our order. I ordered a burger and my friend a baked potato and steamed broccoli. Seems like a pretty simple order right? The food was underwhelming at best. The server basically rushed is out of the restaurant. We weren't even asked if we wanted dessert. Did I mention that the restaurant was empty? 
So about an hour after leaving the restaurant I started experiencing very sharp intense stomach pains. Let's just say that I became very well acquainted with my bathroom that night. I called my friend on Saturday morning and turns out she was experiencing the same pain. So here it is Sunday morning and I'm still not at 100‰. Needless to say I will not be eating there again.Okay, I love Ruby Tuesday's food. But the service at this location sucks.
Not only that, but when we ask the server about the problem, we were given the "what do you want me to do?" act. 
I've been here at about a total of 6 times. 4 times, it was just sad.
I also don't understand why the bartender can make drinks, and in order to put the lime in the drinks, he has to dip his whole fingers in there. It really bothered me. 
I love the salad bar and chicken quesadillas here. I wish there was another location close by. I cannot stand the service at this location!The bar is the first thing you pass when you walk through the door. It smelled liked beer and pee. 
The top sirloin was a lot like country fried steak.
The server was nice and pleasant.If you sign up for their e-club, you can get a classic burger for free - no purchase necessary! I went and redeemed mine and was thoroughly satisfied - it even came with a side of fries, which I had to ask for to-go because the burger was pretty filling on it's own. Staff was nice, place was clean - I don't know what else you can ask from a casual fast food restaurant :)This Ruby Tuesday is a great restaurant from the chain.  The food was as good as the other RT chains I have visited and the waiter was great.  The food came to the table exactly as asked and there were absolutely no complaints here.  If I always had such a great experience at all Ruby Tuesdays, I'd eat there much more often.DO NOT GO HERE FOR BRUNCH!!!!
First off when we entered the restaurant we were asked if we were there for brunch which we replied yes.  We were seated with the regular menu and NOT the brunch menu.  Should have left then!
Very excited for their biscuits to come out with dreams of a basket of hot yummy biscuits.... what did we get?  TWO very petite biscuits on a little plate.  REALLY??
We both ordered the Western omelet that came out well... very brown and not egg looking AT ALL.  So dry you couldn't even taste the ingredients yet alone know that it was an egg dish!!!!
Oh, coffee was really bitter too!!
The kicker... I looked up at the very large lamp shades above our table and the thickness of the dust almost made me vomit.
Find a mom and pop diner instead.... I wish I had!Compared to just about every other restaurant/bar in Rittenhouse, this just cannot hold a light.  The burgers are meh, even the pretzel burgers, and the salad bar is very paltry.  The potato salad was the only item on the salad bar that we liked.  Stay away from the waldorf as the dressing was just extremely watered down.  The location actually wraps the escalator well in Liberty Place so the layout is extremely convoluted.  Service was decent but the overall experience left much to be desired.I went to this restaurant yesterday for takeout. I had the most delicious rib eye steak. i had the one with bella mushrooms and it was medium well done. I usually do not eat steak, but I was surprised at how tender and juicy it was. The baked potato with sour cream and butter was also good.This is the second Ruby Tuesday restaurant I've fancied so far (the first being Des Moines, Iowa)...and I was CRAVING a burger after living on airport food all day...sure Starbucks is nice but I want something with MEAT!  
Anyways, I knew what I wanted as I went into the beautiful "Shops at Liberty Place" Ruby Tuesday.  I liked the wrap around layout of the restaurant (it wrapped around one of the main entrances to the mall).
I ordered the Alpine burger (Turkey burger instead) which has sauteed mushrooms, swiss, the fixin's.....MAN was it delicious (along with my server, Pete...who wasn't so bad looking himself!)...
Pete waited on me like I was king or something!  He wasn't upset when I told him I wanted rice instead of fries AFTER he brought my food to me...and he had a reason to because I failed to mention that I wanted rice in the first place!  And we even made small talk after I paid the bill!  I hope he enjoyed the $10 tip I left him!
And the strawberry lemonade was AWESOME!  But do get it with a glass of water, because it can get a bit too sweet.
But if I'm ever in the mood for Ruby Tuesday when I'm in Philly, I know where to go!  Downtown Philadelphia rules!!!
Ruby Tuesday ----5 STARS----- ...You guys rock!
And I must mention the two hostesses that I was talking to when I got there...you two rule too!  And I will enjoy the King of Prussia mall!Very poor service. Came in for lunch and took 5 minutes for anyone to even acknowledge I was here. There was 5 staff members just standing around talking about their zodiac signs. Poor customer service.First off when I went to this place there was literally 6 customers in the whole place. 2 at the bar then the others in booths. We walked in the door and no one was at the stand seating people. We stood there for a good 5 minutes before we were told to sit anywhere. First time I was in a Ruby Tuesday's and told to seat myself but whatever. It then took another 15 minutes for anyone to give us a menu and then another 15 minutes for someone to come over and ask us if we wanted any drinks or anything. We finally ordered our food and waited 40 minutes for it. I should of got the hint to leave then but my friend had been dying for Ruby Tuesday's. I ordered a steak from here, only god knows why, and it was horrible. Tough as anything and disgusting. Along with their lobster mac n cheese. How do you have the nerve to throw lobster in Stouffer's mac and cheese. Never again will I go here!What a rotten experience.
I arrived at the restaurant to take  a quick early dinner and it was not busy at all.  Only 4 customers at the bar and and almost empty dining room.  I grabbed one of the sticky menus to see what entrée I was going to order after. after over 10 minutes of sitting a bartender walk past me twice and never once offered me a beverage or said I'll be with you shortly. After 15 minutes someone sat down beside me and she came right over to take woman's order.  That was enough for me and I left, there are so many wonderful choices to eat here in the city, I would avoid this place.  I should've looked ahead of time to see they only had 1 stars.Oy. 
So I was on a mission to get a bunch of free food for my birthday and I found out Ruby Tuesday's gives you a free burger. (Sign up for their rewards program a few weeks in advance and the email coupon comes before your birthday and is good for a few weeks.) My birthday has passed but I wanted to use the deal before it expired so I opted to get a burger for lunch today. I ordered online via Ruby TueGo because I am antisocial and didn't want to eat by myself there on my lunch break. There wasn't an option to input the coupon code when I ordered, so I said I would "pay at the restaurant." I set it to be ready at a certain time so I could finish up a meeting and then go pick it up afterward.
When I arrived, I came in off the Chestnut Street revolving door entrance. There was no one at the host stand. I stood around awkwardly for a few minutes, wandered over by the empty host stand, wandered over by the empty TueGo desk,  then approached the bar. I stood there awkwardly a few minutes until the bartender came to refill some drinks near me, which is when I was finally noticed and inquired about where to pick up my order. Bartender had my order and cashed me out. The coupon says tax isn't covered but she said I was all set so I took my 100% free burger (no tip for all the waiting around I had to do to be acknowledged) and left.
I ordered the cheeseburger with tator tots instead of fries because I am regularly disappointed in fries and didn't want that kind of negativity in my life today. I have to say, the tots were good! They were really crunchy but not burnt. But really, how hard is it to heat up some frozen tots?
The burger was dry and overcooked. I ordered medium well and there was no pink at all. The food was hot when I opened the container so I don't think it was sitting out long enough to overcook before I arrived to pick it up. I think it was just overdone to begin with. It wasn't a bad burger, but if I had to rank all the chain restaurant burgers I've ever had, this one would probably be at the bottom of my list.
Bottom line - it was a free burger, so I didn't set my standards too high. But let's face it: Red Robin also doles out free burgers for your birthday and their burgers are actually effing delicious, AND they always have good service in my opinion (Deptford location, for context). If you're gonna give out birthday freebies with the hope that the person brings a friend or comes back and sounds money another time, it should probably be a good freebie!
I don't know if I will bother with this deal next year. Their happy hour doesn't look too bad so I wouldn't be opposed to popping in some time, but then again R2L is right next door and has my favorite happy hour of all time. So most likely I will never be back.
Overall, Ruby's is a no from me. I tried! 2 stars for the perfect tots and takeout order being prepared on time during what I assume was a lunch rush.