Ruby is your basic Chinese take-out. It's not better or worse than the other places. I had ordered from them before and found the food to be good, but expensive. Last night I wanted to order in again because I was sick and didn't want to call anywhere. GrubHub had a deal for $5 off your first order and since I never used the service before I jumped. Ruby was the only Chinese restaurant that delivered to my address. I ordered the sesame chicken with fried rice and egg drop soup. I also ordered some wonton soup and white rice.
The delivery took over an hour, which I don't know if it was Ruby or GrubHub that caused it to take that long. When the food arrived it was still hot (a plus) but I was surprised that the bag didn't have any forks, spoons, etc. I was also surprised that there was no fortune cookie in the bag. 
Again, the food was good but nothing special. The prices are a little on the high side for take-out, but sometimes you pay for the convenience of delivery.I always get a little nervous with 'Chinese' restaurants, but Ruby seems to be clean and consistent. It's become my go-to Chinese take out place.Good average Chinese food. Cool fish tank with giant fish.We won't order from anywhere else!
Great food-fresh, flavorful, and tasty. Weve ordered from them a few times now and weve never been disappointed.
Most recently, they got our order slightly wrong (only the wrong size, no biggie) and they brought back the right size AND a free order of crab rangoon!  Great customer service.
Pad Thai is good, spicer than I'm used to but still good. My husband LOVES the kung pao chicken.
Portions are great and I love how obviously freshly made everything is.Been eating here since I was a kid. Food is always fresh and the staff are delightful.  Goff or the crawfish and the salt & pepper shrimp. Definitely my favorite things offered at the joint!This place is great. Delivery is always on time and the food is hot. Best Chinese I've found since moving to the area.The vegetable lo mien was great! The wings were good too , not much seasoning but nice and crispy.Ruby easily gets a 5-star review in my eyes.  Clearly it is not a 5-star restaurant but I truly believe it is the best Chinese Take-out/delivery spot in all of Philly.  
The prices are a little on the expensive side but I don't mind paying a few extra bucks for my meal, knowing it's going to be top quality every time.  The Sesame Chicken and Sweet and Sour Chicken are so crispy and not like that soft, chewy, molasses chicken mix you get at alot of other Chinese Places.  Their vegetables are always fresh and tasty too.
Now a few things that really set this place apart from the rest.
1) Customer Loyalty Card - still not quite sure exactly how it works but you get money back on purchases over $30 when you bring this in
2) THEY DELIVER SO FAST
3) Their menu is so extensive with appetizing entrees I don't see at a lot of other places
4) THIS IS THE MOST IMPORTANT ONE.... They advertise NO MSG and they actually don't use it. They openly say they use another additive developed in Japan that is much better for you.  I know so many Chinese places advertise No MSG but I can clearly tell that many of them use it anyway.  I never get that bloated, stomach grumbling feeling after eating at Ruby.  Clearly they are doing something different and I love it
Check this place out and I promise you won't regret it.Got some take out from here after deviating from my usually Chinese joint.  Food was hot and ready within 15 minutes waiting for me when I got there.  Fried rice was good.  Nice chunks of pork in it.  General tsos seemed to be nothing but white meat which is good and a good sauce to it.  Combination if crispy and chewy.  They threw in the fried wontons for free with the order too.  Dumpling were excellent as well.  Steamed.  Also got another spicy chicken dish too which was great.This review is primarily to offset Jon A.'s inability to do math.  He claims he was overcharged, but clearly forgot to add the delivery charge in when he became irate over the supposed miscalculation of the food price and tax.  Generally places don't charge tax on the delivery fee so that would not be included on that line item even though it would factor into the total (I added it all up and it does in fact equal $29.12).  So now I'm going to order something from them because anyone who gets trashed because of Ronald Reagan's destruction of the public school system deserves a try in my book.I order from about once a week; best tasting food I have come across since moving to the area.  Delivery is always on time with correct orders.  Delivery charge is a little expensive in comparison to other places but I would rather pay their charge then get less superior good.
Excellent choice if you decide to go here!My favorite local Chinese spot. Not extra greasy. Always gets my order correctly. Good service. Clean and friendly environment. Good prices. And they now sell boba teasNot sure how to rate this so here goes... they delivered in an awful site storm, so five stars for that. However, the food was not what I had expected after reading these reviews. The wonton soup was so salty, I could barely eat it. Bbq spare ribs were the same. The streamed dumplings were ok. Nothing to jump for joy about. They are over priced for mediocre food. Ill stick to chinawok from now on.This is the best Chinese! There lemon chicken is so good. I have eaten here several times. This place is a hidden gem. Give yourself more time during dinner hours. They get very busy.Ruby's is the only decent chinese place in the Roxborough area, aside from my fav Han Dynasty on Main St in Manayunk. The lunch specials are all reasonanle prices and the wait time on food averages about 15 mins or so. I love the chicken w/cashew nuts. It comes with green peppers, carrots, onions and water chestnuts in a savory sauce. The lunch special is accompanied by a wonton soup and pork fried rice. If you don't eat pork, make sure to specify this!! Usually the orders are pretty accurate, but today, sadly... my lunch special was missing my soup and also my fried wontons and duck sauce. It was too late into my lunch break to go back and get the rest of my food. So- moral of the story is... check your food!food was good egg roll was above average and hot and sour soup was good but the prices are high which is a problem because even though the food is good its not worth the priceI like that they come out to Lafayette Hill for deliveries. I put in my first order tonight, and thought that the food was really good. Their prices are a little high compared to my usual spot (Lucky Star), but not too terrible. Their spring rolls are definitely above average, but their wonton-egg-drop soup falls short. But, bonus, I somehow ended up with a free order of fried chicken wings, which were awesome. All in all, I would definitely recommend them.I'm not sure what Jonathon P is talking about, but Rubys is hardly a three star place let alone a five! The food is just okay, customer service is below par, and the prices are too high for the food standard. Go somewhere else.Surprised by how GOOD the food was! We had coconut shrimp and orange rice. Cooked just roght and beautifully plated. Service was fine.This "restaurant" thinks that they are a restaurant. From all of their "trophies" and "awards" they fail to realize that they are in a strip mall not Chinatown or an independent sit-down waiter/waitress restaurant. The prices are high for what essentially is a TO-GO restaurant. All of the other local Chinese restaurants prices are lower and usually include extras for spending X amount of dollars.
All of the "Top 100" posters and signs and awards are basically just a businessman (the owner) buying accolades not winning it on actual food contests by judges or public opinion polls. You can BUY a good review in the City Paper or PW for advertising in their paper.
They just recently sent out a menu in the mail which resembles a small book not a circular. It looked so good that they hooked me back again after eating here a few times before and being underwhelmed.
They were extremely busy with customers waiting inside for extended periods of time. I waited almost 38 minutes for my order.
To be fair the food was good but not worth the price when comparable Chinese restaurants give extras like soup or egg rolls with your meal.
Additionally what pissed me off after waiting that long is I asked for an extra egg roll after waiting almost 40 minutes and they charged me for it after I told them I was there that long just nervously laughing at me to deflect my complaint.
Looking at the pictures of the owner on the walls and the video slide show you can see that the effort is on him and his perception of himself.Ruby's is a solid, neighborhood Chinese take out restaurant! This is my go-to spot for take out Chinese food. We have probably tried more than 10 different dishes off their menu, and they were all well prepared and tasty. Customer service is good. 
Tip: don't expect to eat inside the restaurant and make sure to call your order well in advanced (30 mins). Or, be willing to wait (thankfully Target is next door now, which makes the wait time feel much shorter).Order vegetable noodle soup When I got home I notice two containers one with both. I  called to ask what the broth was. First I was told chicken after I was unhappy another person told me vegetable. Not sure what it was but since I ordered vegetable soup I hope that it was vegetable broth.Favorite Chinese food spot in the area. Nice take out spot or quick eat in spot. Tables are nice, clean, and friendly service. Steamed Food tastes on spot and brown rice was made just right.It's decent, flavorful, and not as greasy as Lucky Garden. But despite a nice interior, it's fairly unmemorable. Definitely call ahead to avoid the awkward wait David N. mentioned. Also, maybe you like your Sesame Chicken to be cheap and greasy. I don't know. I'm not here to judge. Ruby will certainly give you a few extra sesame seeds on top to make up for the higher prices.
I'm still trying to figure out the awards system that rated them a top Chinese restaurant. Kudos, I guess.I am utterly addicted to their Shrimp rolls.  I go in for at least 2 every other day - if not every day.  In fact, if I could I would eat them every day forever!  The insides are bursting with fresh shrimp and stuff, and the outside is crispy fried, but not greasy.
I've also had the sesame chicken, which is so good that I eat it every time - even though it has ginger in it and I'm allergic to the ginger.  
My only problem with it is that the rice is pretty dry and cannot be reheated - so if you're like me and order something with the intention of eating part now and part later, you're out of luck because it reheats poorly.
But, on the shrimp rolls alone they are worth stopping by.I do like this place a lot, and the employees are super nice. However, I was very disappointed in my veggie delight - the veggies were soggy. Also, the sesame chicken usually comes with a few pieces of broccoli and it came with one gross piece.   Spring rolls are delicious though!!!Decent, but very overpriced. 
The food itself was pretty good and I'd say on-par with most good Chinese takeout places. Everything was ready very quickly, which was awesome.
The cost is the issue here: two "entrees" (beef and broccoli and beef with garlic sauce) and 4 egg rolls was $34. That seems pretty silly for Chinese takeout. If the prices were more reasonable, This would probably get 5/5 stars.Ruby is about as average of Chinese food that you can find. If you are hungry and craving deliciously greasy food Ruby hits the spot.I've been searching for a Chinese take out place since I've moved here & I think my search is OVA!! The shrimp lo mein was seasoned and Not Dry but not Wet it was just Right!! The sesame shrimp were the perfect size and so good! Egg rolls on point and not greasy. I'm so full typing this but I didn't want to fall into a food coma without giving this place a positive review!What this establishment lacks in authenticity of Chinese food, it makes up for in authenticity of its Chinese owner. I came for the food, I stayed for the art.We ordered, off of grubhub, two combos 20 min before they closed. Delivery was fast and food was hot. I got the sesame chicken which was so good! This was my first time ordering from here and I think it's gonna have to become my staple Chinese spot from now on. Can't wait to order from here again to try more stuff! =}I have tried this place at least 3 times and have ways said I am not trying it again due to the costumer service and length of waiting; BUT I forget...so I end up going and realizing why I hadn't been there in a while. Food is ok. They missed an order of white rice and gave us 2 pork dumplings instead of chicken. I dont eat pork, so that's fun-at least other's did. Anyhow-I'm not a fan of this establishment.Coming from Newtown Bucks County I only had one Chinese Restaurant to eat at, so that was what Chinese was.  It still is!  I have been in Philly now for yeaaaarrrrsss and have not found a chinese restaurant outside of china town that has decent food.  And non of them deliver.  Anywho this place is like a dream come true.  Great food, a little pricey for dinner, but they deliver to my house.  $3 deliver charge but whatev.  I feel that my last two reviews will fall on deaf ears but I don't write for them, or do I?  Huh.They used to be good when I moved to the area over 2yrs ago. Unfortunately during that time frame, their food has become greasy and bland. There's better places to eat around manayunk/roxy.Ordered from them online.  For each dish, specified certain requests- like no onions, no scallions, well done etc.  When I received the order, every dish had the exact things I requested be eliminated or done a certain way.  I e-mailed the online place back and forth but they they made me contact the restaurant. Contacted the restaurant.  Each person I told the problems to made me speak to someone else as if they didn't understand the problem. After speaking with four people, all they offered was a "credit for next time."  I said, no, there isn't going to be a next time.  I suggested they come pick it up and refund my order.  They said they would.  After making me wait a long time and I called back to see where they were, some older woman said, "you are credited and don' ever call here again."  I asked for an e-mail receipt showing the credit, but they refused. Next day, still no credit receipt! Go somewhere else.General Tsos and vegetable Lo Mein were on-point especially for takeout. I expected greasy mushy standard dive Chinese take-out but these two dishes certainly exceeded our expectations. The General Tsos was still crispy when I got it home and opened it. I will definitely order from Ruby again the next time I have a Chinese food hankering.I dont write many reviews on here cuz the places I look up normally already have alot of reviews and I tend to agree with them. But Ruby has only I review here and I wanted to add some things.
First of all in the area its the best chinese hands down so that alone tells u what's up if u live near this great little spot. Second they give good portions and I never finish one at one sitting so left-overs! Then they have a huge menu with stuff I've never even heard of b4, so whenever I go i like to try something new. My G/f is chinese and shes super picky about her chinese food and she loves this place. Shes says in addition to the ameicanized chinese they have authentic dishes her family back home makes. 
So I hope that helped, 4 starts b/c its not the best u can have in the world and the language barrier is still there.Ordered the general Tso combo, the wonton soup, spring roll and called to ask for plastic wear to eat and napkins. My order was almost an hour late on delivery, the food was cold. General Tso dose not taste good when reheated and is a waste, as it is hard on opening. Did not receive requested utensils. I called when the delivery was as running late to find they hadn't even sent out the order yet. I would not recommend this restaurant unless you don't mind ordering for your pets. I doubt I will give them a shot again, as there are other better alternatives.As I am currently carless, permanently lazy, and forever a glutton, I consider Chinese delivery one of the greatest culinary services known to mankind. And as a new resident of Manayunk, I feel it my civic duty to bequeath unto my neighbors the results of my explorations.
I've been up and down Chinatown in the city so I've had my fair share of both American and traditional Chinese cuisine, and I find Ruby to be decent. The food is solid; protein-to-random vegetable ratio is good (although I have yet to see if they pass my shrimp and broccoli test, as most restaurants will give you a maximum of four pieces of shrimp). It's a little pricier than the places that I'm used to, about $8-9 for the dinner combination that comes with an egg roll and not even a drink. But again, it tastes alright and the dishes I ordered (General Tso's [not as sweet, a little spicier] and beef & broccoli) were satisfying.
Now I know Manayunk is a bit of a pain to get around, what with the one-way streets and all, but it took about 50 minutes for the food to be delivered. Hopefully their driver now has my address mentally mapped now so I won't have to wait as long next time.Came round here with some pals while we were checking out the Halloween shop across the street and ordered myself some steamed dumplings (which are the best thing in the world if they're done right). The price was about two dollars more than what I'm used to paying, but it came with 10 dumplings, so I figured it'd be alright. 
It took a while for someone to actually realize we were there and we wanted to buy food. Like, an entire five minutes of standing there saying "hello?". Some guy came from the back kitchen, completely ignored us, and went into the bathroom. Okay. Finally a lady got off the phone from around the corner and took our order. 
Stared at some fish while we waited, and were somewhat turned off by the numerous "our food is amazing, best ever, so great" award posters that were put up around the small room. There was even a plaque up on the wall with a good secret shopper review. Like, an actual wooden trophy plaque. When I worked in food service, my bosses would just print that shit out on paper and stick it to the back fridge. 
So when our orders came up, I was surprised to see that my 10 dumplings had been put under some kind of shrink ray. They were at least half the size of the normal doughy type dumplings you usually get--and they were completely tasteless. Wow. 
So I guess those signs are really just there for the hype, huh?Ordered vegetable rice soup, vegetable lomein and chicken schezuan today. Found a fly in the soup. My wife hated the lomein as wellDID NOT DELIVER ON DELIVERY
I placed an online delivery order around 6:40 with delivery estimated to happen at 7:31,  When that time came and passed I called the restaurant.  The person checked, found my order and said the driver was already on his way.  It is 8:56 now and they have not shown up.  I contacted the online service and they refunded what I paid.  Now I have to sort out what to have for dinner.
Ruby Chinese fails to deliverPlaced an order for delivery. When the food arrived, my wife went outside to get it. The delivery man frantically honked at her and rolled down the window on the passenger's side of his car. He then had my wife reach into his car to grab the bag of food. He then drove off. I've never heard of this happening with a delivery. It just does not seem safe to have anyone reach into a random, unknown individual's vehicle at any time. Very disappointed with his attitude and the customer service.Ordered takeout the other night because there weren't many choices on Grub Hub. I forgot why we stopped going here years ago. What we received were basically the same dishes, and bunch of peppers, carrots, and broccoli in slightly different sauces. The General Tso chicken was pretty much the same as the Oyster Chicken, a ton of vegetables and not much chicken. 
Deliver took well over an hour, and we are only a few blocks away. I'm going to pass on this one going forward. They've really gone downhill since their first opening.I never write reviews, but ordering from here was such a nightmare that I had to do it this once. Even though Ruby Chinese is more expensive than any other Chinese places in Rox, they have online ordering available through their website so I decided to give them a try. I placed my order for delivery via their online ordering system, entered my credit card information, paid, and get an email confirmation saying that my card had been charged and my order was  received.
An hour and a half later, we still hadn't had our food delivered, so I called them up. They told me they had no record of my order. I told them that I had an email confirmation saying that they had received it, and they said there had been a mistake and took my order down again.
A half hour later, my order finally arrived - and when I tipped the delivery guy, he asked for payment for my order. I explained to him that I had already paid online and there was a mix up. After he left, I received a call from Ruby Chinese saying that they needed payment from me. I explained the situation again, saying that I had already paid online and had the receipt and confirmation to prove it. They said that the manager would have to call me, which he did, a few minutes later. I explained myself yet again, and he asked that I forward him the email confirmation. I forwarded it to him, and when he got it, he said that the receipt "didn't count because they never received my order." Umm... okay. He insisted that I give him my credit card again, which I did, hoping that I wasn't being charged twice.
When I checked my account a few days later, there was indeed only one charge on it, which was good. However, for all the hassle that they put me through there wasn't even an apology, much less any reparation, like a credit towards a future purchase (or even my meal for free). Poor customer service and business practices. I won't be ordering from them again.
Oh... and in case you were wondering, the food was okay, but not great. Beijing Garden and and China House are cheaper, and the food is better.By far the slowest Chinese Store if you get food delivery it will take them at least an hour. After waiting 30 minutes I called to find out the ETA of delivery driver she told me it'll be there in 30 minutes and rushed me off the phone.I got food poisoning from this place on Friday night.  Got General Tso's and Garlic Chicken.  6 hours after eating it I have been violently I'll for the last 36 hours.
STAY AWAY at all costs.Being new to the area we ordered from Ruby in our quest to find tasty Chinese food in the area and we found we hit the bulls eye with this fine establishment.
The food was absolutely superb with not one dish we ordered disappointing us. Our favorite was the spare ribs which were cooked to perfection in a very tasty bbq sauce. The fried rice was excellent as well, cooked perfectly and with right color and consistency that added to the eye appeal of the dish. I could go on and on with how happy we were with the service, prompt delivery, and our happiness with the other items we ordered.
This place makes Chinese food the way it should be, I haven't found a place that makes Chinese food this good in years. It has made moving to the area all the more of a success.
A note about pricing, the old saying you get what you pay for does apply here. The price point is higher than your average Chinese take-out joint, but with that you get ingredients and  service that is superior to that you would expect of a corner take-out place that may be priced more modestly. To me the price difference is small and inconsequential compared to the level of food you get, but to some of the college students that live in the area, they me see it as a more challenging price point as I probably would have all those years ago when I was struggling with college finances.I have ordered from New Ruby Chinese many times. The first few times my largest thing would be delivery always takes for ever. They say 30-45 minutes but typically it is closer to an hour or more. Even though I live about 1/2 a mile away. So this last time I placed a large order. I had company in from out of state and we did not feel like cooking or going out. So I ordered through Grub Hub. The delivery took about an hour and when it showed up parts of our order were missing.  So I called back and informed them that we were missing parts of our order. They did not offer an apology, but offered to get it on our next order. I informed them that was not an option as my company did not get there food. So I asked it they could delivery it, they at first said no will be added to next order. So I asked them to refund me since I did not get it. They again said this was not possible. Finally they offered to delivery it but said it would be another hour. I explained that I live 10 minutes away and this would not be okay. That at this point I would like them to delivery the meal and refund me. They still refused, I did inform  them that I will never order from there again and will be posting a bad review as that was poor customer service. I had to contact GRUBHUB who then called the restaurant and at that time they said they would refund the portion of my order that I did not get. Bad experience, bad customer service especially for food that is nothing to right home about.Consistency consistency consistency!!! And that's what I love about this place. Food is always good, delivery always fast and mannnn do they give u big platters.I am shocked to see all the negative reviews on Ruby's. I've never ordered delivery(also live within 10min driving distance involving only 1 traffic light and 1 stop sign) so I can't comment on their delivery. However, I CAN talk about their food. I am not a big fan of chinese take out. I only crave for them about twice a year but I can also always count on Ruby's whenever I don't feel like cooking. Their food is less greasy than other chinese joints, reasonably priced, and quick service.Don't waste your time or money here. Awful service, bad food. If you decide to roll the dice and eat here make sure you check your reciept because this place will try to pull a fast one on you.It was indeed one of the worst Chinese restaurants Ive been to. Foods were just too bad that I just couldn't finish anything I ordered except for a small soup. The restaurant seems weird too. All these photos of the owner (i assume) holding a trophy with some girls saying the restaurant is awarded or something.Waited over an hour for a small delivery order. Called to see why it was taking so long no real answer from the child that was answering the phone . Finally came food was barely warm and I'm only 4 blocks away. $25 for a small Oder of sweet and sour chix with rice and an apple chix with no rice seem a bit much. I'll think twice before I order from them in the future . Just no value.Chicken in chicken fried rice tasted like it had freezer burn; not edible. Steamed dumplings were gummy.Order vegetable noodle soup When I got home I notice two containers one with both. I  called to ask what the broth was. First I was told chicken after I was unhappy another person told me vegetable. Not sure what it was but since I ordered vegetable soup I hope that it was vegetable broth.the soup was good and was plenty for the price I hope it was vegetable!Awful all around. From the customer service, to the delivery, to the food. Simple as that.My wife and I had ordered from here in the past without complaint. But after our last delivery, you should probably change the name of your restaurant to Oregon Trail, because we're both going to die from dysentery. I'm dehydrated from the excessive MSG and explosive diarrhea. It's like you replaced the sweet and sour chicken with rectal Ipecac. The coroner is going to find my body on this toilet, looking like a raisin. AVENGE ME!!! My wife will eat any leftover Chinese food, even if it's week-old, but this poison is already in the trash. But the pork fried rice was REALLY good, so... two stars.I went to this Chinese restaurant on a nasty winter day due to the location being in the Ivy Ridge Shopping Center. Also, (it's located right next to the wine store lol).
I got the beef and broccoli lunch special with wonton soup. The wonton was good and hit the spot for a cold winters night however, it came with only two flimsy wontons where most other restaurants offer more and include sliced meat for extra flavor. The beef and broccoli was not good or fresh. The beef tasted like mystery meat and broccoli was soggy and tasted like leftovers. I will never go here again. I like my Chinese food fresh and tasty.I was going back and forth between 2 and 3 stars for this place. You see the food is pretty good, best in the area in my opinion. But the service is terrible. Don't bother ordering delivery because it'll take about 3 hours to get to your house. And when it does get there, you'll probably be greeted by one of their rude delivery drivers who just throws your order at you and speeds away. Oh, and don't bother calling to ask questions, they barely speak English and can't give you a straight answer when they try! Also, they're pretty expensive. I've order delivery now twice from them, to try to give them a chance to redeem themselves...waste of my time and money! Honestly, I probably won't order from here ever again, delivery or pickup. But if you want to head over to the actual store and pick it up, that's your best bet.
Such a shame!!Somehow this place received high marks in a newspaper review and has been resting on its laurels every since.  I'm not sure if they were putting out good food before that article, but the stuff they make now is complete crap.  The food is bland, unfilling, and strewn together.  I guess they feel they can charge out the A because they made it in the newspaper because their prices are well above normal crappy Chinese "restaurants".  $2.59 for a pint of bland, watered down wonton soup?????  Laughable...Eh not all that great. I've had much better chinese food. This guy, Mr. Ruby is an egomaniac. If you walk into the place and/or see the menu, the guy is doing nothing but praising himself. I really don't see all of that self praise translating into good food. I've ordered from here probably close to 5-6 times(only due to convenience) and I've never been blown away by the food. It's pretty average at best. The prices are also very high for chinese food and certainly not worth the price. I will definitely be trying some other places in the area to see if I can find better. But based on what I've eaten here it should be relatively easy.Wait for food was ridiculously long, order was wrong and then food was disgusting. Save yourself time and order pizza.Got an order from Grub Hub and it's was over an hour late to be delivered. I understand that these are chaotic times times and if we had been given notice it would take this long there would not have been an issue. However, after multiple phone calls to ask the status, we were told they would call the driver and get back to us but never did. The customer service was less than desired. The food was very good but the time it took to get it was a lotThis place used to be good, but the last TWO orders were so bad that they were totally inedible. I got a boneless spare ribs that was so dried out that it was like eating leather. I actually got a pork splinter stuck in my gums. I gave them another chance and tried again a few weeks later. I got beef with garlic sauce that was totally raw. I had to cook it more myself (so much for taking a night off from cooking). The portion of beef was also very lacking. When I called to complain, they said that they don't believe me and they would send their driver to come and inspect my food, and then maybe they'll give me a replacement. That's totally unacceptable. It was already late, I didn't feel like waiting another hour or 2 for them to get their crap together (since they generally take over an hour to deliver).I've been here a few times and every time I order I am extremely pleased! The tofu general tso chicken is the best I've had in Philly. And their egg rolls are delicious and fresh tasting. You can tell they keep their oil clean cuz the egg rolls don't taste like grease.Ordered through GrubHub and it took longer than expected to come. When I called them the lady that answered the phone was very apologetic.
The food arrived and it was really good. Probably the best lo mein I've ever had. I'll definitely order from them again.The staff is incompetent and rude. I ordered online through their website and when my food came, the boneless spare ribs that I had already paid for were missing. When I called and explained it to them, the girl put me on hold and then said she had to call me back and hung up. She then called me back and said she's see that i ordered it but they forgot to send it and asked if I wanted a credit. I said no that I just wanted my food delivered. She huffed and with an attitude said it's easier to credit. I then asked to speak to her manager. She told me she would send the food. I again said that I wanted to speak to her manager. She said she's busy right now and hung up. I called back and magically the manager was now available. I gave her a run down of the story. She said the food is being delivered. She never apologized for the way her employee spoke to me. I told her that I felt that their reactions and lack of apology were completely unacceptable and that if they feel it is ok for their employees to treat customers that way, than I would never order from there again.Most Chinese takeout tastes the same, but New Ruby is a level up. It has never disappointed and it's now my preferred spot for quick but tasty Chinese food. The lunch specials are great value!By far the best delivery in the Roxborough/Manayunk area. Their wonton soup is impeccable...I've never had such perfectly constructed wontons. Their combination platters are also very good- I recommend the broccoli in garlic sauce or the beef and broccoli. The staff is very friendly.While I haven't had a chance to try the food, I've had two poor customer service situations with them regarding deliveries.
First time was on a weekend. I placed an order through Yelp for delivery. I received a call almost an hour after my order to say, "We're too busy for delivery tonite, you have to cancel your order." I called EatStreet (since they are the provider) and told them I had to cancel and the issue. The customer service person was very helpful and said the restaurants are supposed to contact them to cancel, not the customer.
Tonite, I placed an order for delivery at 7:02pm through Yelp again. I received my two confirmation e-mails for my order a couple of minutes later. Now at 7:30pm, the restaurant calls and I was told, "Sorry, you're too far for delivery. You're 15 minutes away and a 30 minute delivery trip is too much. We have to cancel your order."
     Honestly, this is ridiculous. I don't see how a 15 minute delivery is too far and I'd even be willing to accept a, "Hey, this is usually too far, so we can deliver this time but can't in the future."Ordered the sweet & sour chicken and a cup of wonton soup. The food was excellent and the delivery was fast.Ordered chicken chow mein. I got the gelatinous chicken and celery mixture. Was not chow mein and there were no noodles. Called restaurant and they lady said we don't put noodles in our chow mein and hung up. Wtf!? Mein means noodles! Never ordering from here again!Horrible I ordered on Grubhub and after an hour of my food not arriving I called them. They proceeded to blame it on grubhub. The worker in there also had the audacity to hang up the phone on me. Long story short they are horrible and I'm disappointed in this type of customer service.The food is not of good quality. The delivery service is long. I had to keep calling to see where my food was. I was priced over the phone then charged a different higher price when it arrived.Update: The foods pretty decent but that delivery wait is awful. The past few times it's been 90+ minutesI've lived in Manayunk for 6 years now and New Ruby is my go-to for takeout Chinese. Good food and usually quick delivery via GrubHub.Tried to order food. Kept getting notifications that something from my order couldn't be completed. Modified my order twice, and kept having the same problem. I gave up trying to eat from there.This is mediocre Chinese food. I got the General tsos chicken and was not impressed. It just tasted not fresh and chemically. Would not recommendFirst off - to the review talking about buffets? This place doesn't have one. It never has. I think they must be confused and talking about another place.
If you can pick up your food from here in person, it's five stars. Excellent flavor, quality meat and tofu, and a diverse selection of vegetables, not just broccoli and carrots. They also have a few things on the menu that aren't your traditional American Chinese fast food selection. And their spicy is ACTUALLY spicy if you ask for it.
But the delivery is wildly inconsistent. Some times it comes in 45 minutes (we live a mile away), sometimes I have to call the restaurant 2 hours in and see if they have my order. I think they tend to bulk up delivery orders and then send out the one family member who drives to deliver the food rather than sending it out as it's ordered. 
Even with bad delivery, compared to the other Chinese places in Roxborough, I will take a chance and order from this place. Ordering from other places tend to just make me wish I'd not been lazy, driven a mile, and gotten New Ruby.