Fair prices! Good selection! Good food, especially for a buffet! The Chinese donuts are AMAZING! Going on a Friday night can be crazy! And people aren't the most polite about lines or sharing the limited supply of crab legs! Otherwise great!The quality of food and employee has really gone down here.  The serving staff is still great but the woman who runs the desk really is completely miserable.  She really should find a new job, she's just awful.  It's sad to see this place in the state it's at now.  It used to be the kind of place you'd send people to.My boyfriend and I stopped here our first night in Philadelphia since it was near our hotel. It was actually pretty good. It was very busy yet the staff was very attentive and we were never lacking for a soda refill or our plates to be cleared. The food was very good, however I was not really impressed by the sushi which is to be expected from a buffet I'm sure. My favorite? The crab rangoon, it was better than some I have had at the usual places I go at home. For a chinese buffet, this place surpassed my expectations.I will admit I was a little skeptical of Ruby's. But at $12.99 for a seafood buffet, I think that's understandable. Needless to say, I was pleasantly surprised. I went with a large party on a Saturday night and we were seated right away. They had a nice variety to choose from- your standard chinese dishes, salads, sushi, mussels/clams/shrimp/fish, pizza(?), and even a carving station. There was also a little silver tin designated for snow crabs, but apparently I was not fast enough to snag any. I probably would have given an additional star if they had refilled this more often. For dessert you could choose from fresh fruit, cookies, cakes, and soft-serve. 
Ruby's is defiantly more about quantity than quality, but I did leave satisfied. And they were able to give us separate checks  i.e swipe 10 different credit cards (I know, very annoying on our part, but they were nice about it). The next time I want to spend a night gorging my face with food, I know I'll be able to count on Ruby's.My friends and I were going here to have dinner . First time experience for me , I have to say I would never go back here again due to seeing a worm in my friend's plate while my friends was eating oysters . God knows where it came from ! My friend called the manager and asked for a refund , she said we can't give back a refund but what I can do is give you a 10$ gift certificate . with that being said the bill should have been on the house .It was a good experience, friendly service but not as many options as there could be. There's a good number of basics that are all typical of a Chinese buffet. The Chinese donuts were really good with ice cream. Other than that it was nothing spectacular but it definitely got the job done.As someone who hate Chinese buffets alot, this place was better compared to other ones I've been too. I still hated it but it was slightly better. I feel like Chinese from a takeout place is leaps and bounds better than any buffet. This place kept the food more well stocked than other buffets I've seen. They also had alot of seafood and sushi options. I don't know how either of those were because I hate seafood but I can say that the raw clams looked absolutely miserable. The food here still tasted bad but it wasn't old and dry like most buffets. It was also very crowded on a Sunday night. It was also a little more expensive than other buffets I've been to. A buffet and soda was about 16 with tax. I probably won't be coming back here but I could see why people like going here I guess I dunnoIts a buffet. Quick in and out. Plenty of food. 
Service is good. Items refilled quickly except  Crab items. They take their time refilling them.
But if you are in the city and hungry this is a good place to stop.I have been here at Least ten times in the last couple of years , everything is always fresh and abundant ! I am not a buffet person , but I find this to be an excellent value and quite delicious , you can have all kinda of seafood , raw or cooked , sushi , duck and so many other dishes , pastries and desserts !      I love the opportunity to try so many different dishes for such a great price !   You really can't go wrong with the ruby buffet !This buffet deserves zero stars from me. I booked a party room for 20. It's policy here that you have to put a deposit in order to book a party. Which is fine. After the party my husband went to pay. He forgot to mention about the deposit so they charged him the total without deducting the deposit. The next day I came back with my deposit receipt as well as the total receipt. They refused to refund me the deposit because they already "settled the batch". On top of that I noticed that they even over charged me 3 extra people. Finally they offered to give store credit. I refused because I am never coming back here. After attempting to call the cops, they finally decided to refund me in cash. 
Aside from the horrible customer service, the food was also bad. My husband had crab legs which apparently had no crab meat but was rather stuffed with white rice. Everything was also cold. The waiters kept coming around my tables just staring and not asking if we needed anything. Toward the end it seemed like he wanted us out ASAP. Another thing is they obviously talk about people in their own language. It is so obvious because as they speak, they look at the person they are talking about and giggle. 
Over all, I was very upset about the whole deposit scam , the over charge and the fact that they refused to refund me. The staff and waiters are not honest people. They are also very rude, but they want good tip.Just ok. The food can be good or just ok based on what you get and when you go. The clientele can be a bit interesting. Lining up to wait for crab legs seems a bit strange.My boyfriend and I are buffet lovers and Ruby Buffet is one of the BEST we've been to. The restaurant is clean, the food is fresh and the staff is very nice. 
The food is not only fresh, but the selection is great! They have a great selection of sushi and sashimi that is always fresh and delicious. The salad bar has a great choice of cold salads and fruit. There are chicken options, beef options and a variety of seafood choices. The food is always fresh, they are constantly the buffet area and cleaning and replenishing the dishes.
We have been here 5-10 times and have had a great meal every single time. They also have great lunch prices if you can make it there before 3:30.
GO HERE!!!For a place to get a grub, Ruby Buffet would be a good alternative. Despite their hidden extra cost for Soda, this buffet wasn't too pricey. The place is clean, which made my first impression ( not to mention... the bathrooms looked nice too haha!) 
  Other than that, they have their own small sushi buffet. With about 6-8 different sushi in there. The sushi aren't bad though! Everytime I come here, its the first thing I get! Their sushi is delish. However, the rest of their food are VERY heavy on oil. I try to refrain on certain foods, other than that most of the foods weren't bad. 
  Service was dependable and the bill was pretty standard. 9 bucks. Worth it ... especially after eating 32 sushis.Worst  buffet  ever. Dirty, awful food, seedy  people, stuff  is  very  rude. Do  not  go there :(I wanted pho, husband wanted Chinese, husband won :-(  However there were no real winners in this scenario, since this buffet was pretty weak.
First of all, the tables were very cramped.  Who wants to be elbow deep in lo mein whilst making uncomfortable eye contact with a perfect stranger?  Not me I can tell you that.
The clientele was a little sketchy too.  Not like a Chinese bufffet is some sort of highbrow situation, but I saw more pajama pants than I should have.  
Their food selection isn't as expansive as some other similar establishments my husband has made me go to.  Also, they were pretty cheap too.  Where other buffets have coconut shrimp (my hub's favorite) Ruby had coconut chicken.  Da fuq.  Also, a few of the seafood things were over ziti (?) to presumably make it last longer.
You get what you pay for my friends.  Hopefully next time my husband will be more amendable for getting pho.Ate there for the New Year's lobster dinner. It was $14.99 and worth every penny. The food was all very well prepared with great variety (the craw fish and frogs legs being my favs). Would definitely eat there on a regular basis. The prices are great and the food rotation keeps things fresh.Oh how I love the Ruby Buffet. Clean, bright and tons of great food. 
I always make it a point to try the sushi at a buffet. The sushi definitely made a good impression! I was stoked to see the sandwiches and the HUGE sushi rolls (see pics). Creativity and deliciousness at its best. Makes you almost not want to eat the sushi! 
The last time I ate here it was on 1/2/10 and I have got to say, the cold shrimp was SO fresh, it was unreal.  I had never tasted shrimp this fresh before! I usually stick to the sushi, shrimp and maybe green beans. Once in a while I will look around and see if anything looks interesting. My friend always eats the Coconut Chicken. I tasted no coconut when I tried it, but it was still good. They also have really good chicken nuggets, fried chicken wings and crab rangoon (shaped in the little bowtied packages). The first time I ate here, I tried this salmon with veggies. It was excellent (but needed a tad bit of salt). Oh! Also - they have this crab-meat bake with cheese & it's really really good. 
I have eaten here for lunch on weekdays and weekends and I have also been here for dinner on a Saturday night. Sure you'll hear a screaming kid here and there, but what do you want? You're at a BUFFET!!! Also expect people to be greedy when it comes to the crab legs :( That's to be expected, though. 
Also the one thing I like about Ruby Buffet are the bowls that they set out on the tables for you to dispose of your crab shells and shrimp peels. Nice touch!I have eaten here a few times with my family and my son and nephews goes here to eat the crab legs. They had to literally stand in line to get some crab legs.  My thing is if you are going to post it on the board that you have crab legs then you should have enough for the customers.  Each time they are out there's at least a 10 mins wait and the staff brings out a few crab legs enough for the next 2 people in line.  It's really ridiculous. My suggestion- don't put it on the menu or either that give the option for people to pay for the crab legs if they want to order it by the pound.  I don't mind paying extra. Several buffet places do that.  The food is ok that's why I'm giving this place 3 stars.This is your typical Chinese buffet. There isn't anything that really sticks out and the food is average. The selection isn't huge, but I feel that they have something for everyone. The place was bright and clean and the lunch prices weren't bad either.I have been here for dinner and lunch and I can't remember people being rude like many of the reviews have stated. Then again, it's been a while since I was there for dinner.
Last time I was here was after the movies, it was around 1 and we were starving, so where to go for a quick meal that isn't Burger King or popcorn? The Buffet!!!
Yea, yea the food is americanized but I def. think it's worth it if you're not one of those authentic snobs, you need to know what you're getting into. 
Word of advice, make sure you read the label because I have almost dished myself some "dinner" items when it's lunch time. Please be advised that they are sneaky like that and may charge you extra if you grab some of the 'better' items. 
As for customer service, nothing superb. They bring you something to drink and they take away your dirty dishes. They should have better rules about kids running around grabbing sweets and acting like it's their home. Or, parents, please watch your children.2 words. UNLIMITED CRAWFISH... not many places in Philly you can get awesome crawfish and Ruby's is my go-to. It's BYOB which not many people know about....theres a craft beer shop in the same complex... the lady at the front knows us by face and is quite nice..  I love Rubys.Best Chinese food and Chinese buffet in south Philly and awesome sushi too! Yes, great sushi at a Chinese buffet!! It's an oxymoron but it is completely the truth. Also it's not on their website but the place is open till 11 PM at night every night.
Also, there's a weekly coupon in the South Philly Review newspaper.My mother loves her seafood as a FL panhandle native so she wanted to come here for their seafood buffet. The idea of buffet sushi after going to sushi restaurants in NYC for the last 6 years made my inner Yamamoto cringe. But it's Mother's Day so how could I say no?
Our party of 3 arrived at 1:30pm on a Sunday and it was crowded without being packed. Pretty good for a holiday and after church if you ask me. We waited for about 10 min. before being seated. The options are good but not huge as another yelper mentioned.
Some basic Chinese store items like sweet and sour chicken, teriyaki sticks and sugar biscuits. The seafood options were mainly different types of shrimp like fried garlic shrimp (with the head), plain cold shrimp, battered shrimp, shrimp fried rice. They had fried catfish and crawfish. 
Prepare to be aggressive if you want to even see the crab.lobster section of the buffet. Some people had the nerve to bring their bone/shell bowls and fill with crab legs instead. Yea, it's that serious apparently.  The crab was fine no seasoning. One section of just crab legs and one of just the bodies. 
The crab bodies and lobster claws were horrid for the same reason. Lobster has a light flavor so any type of masking it other than maybe butter defeats the purpose of lobster. It is served slathered in some thick, jelly like sauce. Sesame/garlic mix? I dont know but just don't bother. 
I didn't bother with the sushi and no one did. It looks perfectly placed since I assume opening. Overall, it was well priced and fine buffet quality food. Drinks server was very polite and prompt with pitchers.I'm not a big fan of buffets but when I get that craving this is my go to place. The only better place I've tried is Hong Kong King buffet in Feasterville. 
The sushi here is just ok, but everything else from the chinese choices is pretty good. There's not much to say specifically since there's so many. The place is well kept and clean and tidy. It's a few more dollars than the other places in Philly but  it's worth it to me. Give it a shot if you're in the mood for a buffet.Charged for drinks even though you only asked hot water. Charged for tips by themselves so you have no rights to give tips depending on their sevice. The host lady is really rude. Big smile before you seating in. Awful face after you paid.They overcharge for subpar mediocre Asian / American cuisine. I mean yes, it's a buffet, so my standards are appropriately leveled out. However the lettuce was wilted, and the lack of veg food ( hot ) astounded me. I mean, come on, variety is the thing that makes buffets great. They also , as stated , charge way too much for food. Seriously, 5.99 for a 3 year old on a Saturday afternoon? They called it "brunch " pricing. Pleaseeeeeeeee, they served the same items ( by half ) than a decent buffet serves at "lunch" . I'm so over it.The food is fine but there is one waiter that has been very rude and lazy doesn't do his kid well at all I just left there told him he doesn't deserve the tip I just gave him cause he didn't come over to refill drinks or once ask if everything was ok when I told him he replied his service would be the same next time I came backWe went here as a large group for a surprise party for a family member. We were charged an extra $5/person for a "private room" for two hours, which essentially amounted to $220 for the use of the room and we paid an additional $2/person for the tip. So, I'm writing this from the perspective of paying $20 for a $12.95 buffet. 
The selection was lacking, to say the least. It's a huge dining room but a relatively small buffet. I literally walked around in circles looking for something to eat. I had a miniature bowl of "seafood" soup, which was essentially egg drop soup with seafood flavoring and a bit of imitation seafood. I had the French salad which was enjoyable. I bypassed the beets because they looked almost gray, and the strawberries had been tossed with a red glaze, so I avoided them as well. In general, the cold food was unimpressive. 
I took the vegetable lo mein and added the peppers & onions from the pepper steak, and the spinach to the plain noodles to produce a "vegetable" lo mein. And I had one serving of the "crispy" duck, which had the faint taste of 5-spice so it was almost good. My husband, who is less particular than me thought the stuffed crab shell and the shrimp with crab meat were inedible. He said the sushi at Whole Foods is substantially better than this, I didn't bother to try it.
There were mixed reviews from the rest of the group; some people enjoyed it and have been repeat customers, others thought there wasn't enough selection, and others thought the food was just OK, many left hungry. The complaints about the texture of the meat led me to believe it was seitan rather than chicken with broccoli or pepper steak. The highlight of the buffet was the soft serve ice cream which was surprisingly creamy and delicious. 
The best part of the evening was being with family, so I suppose my $80 was well spent, but needless to say, I will not return to Ruby's.Ok food, not a lot of options. Staff is attentive with dishes and pleasant. When busy good luck getting any seafood lolOk my hubby retires gets a $20 gift certificate as a gift forgot he had it in his retirement papers ‼ it's 1 month pass expiration and 3 of us go there to eat tonight as we have been going there since they haven opened and the manager on duty knows that ‼ we have had several parties there and his employment has had many Holiday get together there ‼ THEY HAD THE NERVE TO TELL IS WE WERE 31/2 weeks LATE and NO DEAL ‼so for $20 that was already in their wallet they turned down $30 more of service ‼ We always take care of our servers and do enjoy the food even though the SMALL amount of crab legs that they bring out serve only 2 people so you need to stand and beg for more ‼ they are not very nice.to their regular guest and when you need information they know how to turn on the I DONT UNDERSTAND YOU real fast ‼and feed you BS crap like the owner lives out of our country and they need to pay the $20 if they accept it ‼Will I go back YES because to eat seafood & dr k my sangria is very reasonable but they better be prepared to have those crab legs ready and don't try to explain their ridiculous rules to me  UGH can't people just be NICE and carry on  GO BIRDSThey have a really small selection of food, compared to other Chinese buffet. I love their crawfish, crab, coconut chicken (?), and ice cream. I would recommend people to come here at dinner time as they don't serve crabs and crawfish in the morning.A wonderful all-you can eat buffet of salads, sushi, chinese food, soups, meats, pizza, deserts, and I probably left some out. Together with soft drinks, the whole thing costs just $10 and is great fun.Like most of us Yelpers, I like to consider my dining tastes on the more refined end of the spectrum. That isn't to say that I eat at 5-star restaurants on the daily because let's face it, I'm a broke college student, but I kind of pride myself at not eating at chain restaurants, fast-food restaurants, or anything else that is on the gross end of the spectrum. Every now and then, though, my friends and I will revisit our days of living in the suburbs and go to a place completely off of our radar. This is how I ended up at Ruby Buffet before headed to the movies.
My friend and I really did decide on this place because it reminded us of our Jewish grandparents who live in Cherry Hill and love their date nights to the Chinese buffet. It really does look like every single South Jersey Chinese buffet too - huge, tacky decor, and mass amounts of overweight people with 5 plates in front of them full of food that didn't really look appealing. We were TOTALLY shocked after the first bite, though. The food here is legitimately good in terms of buffet food. 
I didn't gorge myself on the typical fried, drenched in sauce options (I know, what the hell was I thinking trying to be healthy at a freakin' buffet), but I was still very satisfied. They had this seafood salad that consisted of scallops, shrimp, calamari, carrot and cucumber slices, and a dill-lemon-olive oil dressing that was seriously to die for. It may be the best thing I've ever had at a buffet. Their pork "dim sum" shumai-type things were also good and not mushy. They also have sushi which was surprisingly good and kind of creative. They had one roll that was salmon and avocado wrapped in pink rice paper (I think) that was cute and pretty and delicious. Actually, I really enjoyed every piece of sushi that I had there. The soups could've used salt, but I'll give that one a pass since that means it wasn't loaded with MSG. My friend really enjoyed his fried pieces of heaven but like I said, I was KIND OF trying to be healthy so I can't attest. If you're a pescetarian, you'll have plenty to choose from. Vegetarians may have a slightly harder time but I doubt you'll leave hungry. Vegans should probably stay far far away. 
Oh just a note, though: These people are serious about not wasting food (as they should be). There are signs posted that say if you waste food then an additional 20% charge will be added to your bill. You don't have to eat every bite, but don't leave an entire plate full.
In comparison to other restaurants, this would definitely be 3 stars but considering buffets should really have their own rating system it's definitely 4 stars in my book. Next time I feel like transporting myself into my suburban childhood dining experiences, I will definitely be back here.I love Chinese/ Asian food so it was paradise there. Totally pigged out. What was weird to me was that the one thing they didn't have was sesame chicken. The donuts are the best. They're my new favorite. They have a ice cream machine which is awesome. Overall I love this place and I wish I could go there all the time.What the hell happened to the sushi? Way too much rice and it's like all california rolls with the raw fish on top. What a bummer. Not worth the trip! I will say, however, that the chicken nuggets, crab rangoon, and cold seafood salad are still great. Sushi, not so much.
Also, it would be nice if the staff was more in tune to shitloads of food spilled on the floor. I wish I would have fallen... I would own the place if I had fallen! :)Very good food. Great lunch bargain. We will definitely make a trip over the bridge for this very nice place again!Overall: Probably the best Chinese buffet in Philadelphia if you are looking for one. It serves your typical sushi bar, hibachi bar, dessert bar (tiramisu, palmier cookies, canned fruits etc), hot food area, sea food, soup, and fried foods area. Weekend is 13.99$ and weekday lunch is 9.99$
Key things: Crab legs and Sea bass- guys, if you're trying to make your money back, crab legs and sea bass... many people don't know it, but somehow this place manages to serve sea bass (endangered and considered poached and therefore very expensive) and it is probably their most expensive commodity here. This is the main reason why we come to this buffet to get our fix of this expensive fish. Crab legs are not bad but not super fresh- if you smell, it smells like a salty ocean on a hot day so don't expect super high end crab. I live in Florida with super fresh seafood, so I am a little more picky than other people. 
Sushi: nothing too fancy- a lot of filler sushi with artificial crab meat, fish egg, cream cheese, avocado, etc and some raw fish. Your typical cheap buffet mass sushi.
Seafood: there is a oyster bar but I am not sure about the taste/quality/freshness since I didn't try these. There is also fried stone crab claws which I didn't try but they weren't moving as quickly as the crab legs. 
Hot dishes: Your typical combinations of rices, vegetables, meats, deep fried foods in various sauces and labeled in 50 ways. Nothing new. 
Fried foods: there is the crab rangoons, spring rolls, etc and I think the best would be fried plantains that add a nice sweet savory taste to your dish
Dessert- your typical canned foods (longons, pipa, peaches, pears etc), coconut taro bubble dessert, tiramisu box cake, cookies, etc. Fruits and salad bar. 
Dishes are usually cleared on time and water is refilled pretty much on time- this place can handle busy crowds like Sundays on Easter day after church.Probably better to sip on a glass of cheap vegetable oil at home.Horrible experience and restaurant. Definitely do not recommend and will never come back. Service was awful and waiters were very rude. They kept rushing people to pay even though they weren't finished eating. The food was mostly fatty and so-so nothing to make you come back. The fruit for desert was spoiled and there were almost never plates to get food. If I could I would give it 0 stars but I'm giving them a one to be nice.This is by far the best Asian Buffet I've ever been to. The food is always nice and hot and seemingly fresh.
Their sushi selection is definitely the winner for them though. They always have at least 8-10 different rolls with extra sauces on the side for you to experiment with. The staff is friendly and attentive and always makes sure my water is filled. My boyfriend and I frequent here weekly and he's always asking if we can go. For an $8 all you can eat lunch, why not?
Need to try: fried plantains, cheese rangoons, sushi & fruit bar mmmmmmmIt's a pretty standard chinese buffet with all the staple dishes like pork fried rice, chicken lo mein, french fries, fried chicken, seafood, sushi, BBQ pork and pork ribs, a salad bar (haha), a few desserts and soft serve machine with vanilla, chocolate and mixed and some more.
Their cookies are crumbly and not great while the cakes are tasteless and more like... bread? Idk just forget those since all Chinese buffets, not just Ruby, serve crap cookies and cake. But their banana, pudding and graham cracker dessert is awesommeeee :) 
The staff have always been readily available and courteous while the place is clean.  All the sought-after Chinese buffet entrees are available and delicious while the price is very reasonable.  No complaints here :)Came here with my family to eat dinner. This place is very clean but they are rude. Upon entering the establishing they immediately call tonight at 2. I asked for hottie and they advised me that the machine was broken I immediately went on the fence and said you guys don't have hot water? & I then proceeded to ask how do you heat your food? We were hungry so we decided to eat there. They didn't stock the crab legs in abundance. They closely monitored it and only put a few pieces a time. They also did not fill my drink or take my plate as often as I wanted (every 15 minutes is fair). The variety was small and honestly didn't taste well. Anything with cheese tasted stale. I would avoid this place at all costs.i'm kind of surprised i've never reviewed Ruby, considering the amount of times we've been here. the kid has an all-encompassing love for the buffet, and ruby is his favourite.
the goods: VERY clean, fresh food, decent pricing, lovely & friendly staff, sushi that doesn't make you cringe, the kid thinks it's heaven on earth.
the bads: the ridiculously rude folks waiting for the crab legs, the same rude folks who then take 3-4 plates full of said legs each, the same rude crab people who have been seen actually pushing other patrons away from the leg-o-rama.
luckily, our fam could give two shits about crab legs, and instead go for the salt & pepper shrimp, the crawdads, the mei fun and the sushi.
seriously, if it wasn't for the Crab People, i'd give ruby buffet 4 stars.I have been curious about Ruby's Buffet for years but was always a little hesitant to try it. I feel like "sushi" and "all-you-can-eat buffet" should not exist in the same sentence. I usually prefer quality over quantity and have rarely had a really good buffet experience. None the less, one weekend after a long run, my husband and I decided that we had earned ourselves a buffet lunch and decided to give it a go. 
The restaurant was absolutely packed inside and we were led to a table in one of the back rooms. Ruby's consists of several buffet stations: a salad bar, three or four hot foot stations, a sushi station, and a dessert station. I started with a salad that was mediocre and consisted of some wilted romaine lettuce and some mayonnaise based seafood salad that I eyed suspiciously before serving. They had oysters out and against my better judgment I took one. They were kind of gray and slimy, and didn't look fresh at all. 
The hot food was a little bit better, but not great. I had some chicken teriyaki, sweet and sour chicken, a red bean dumpling, and a couple of other things that were just OK. I wanted to try the snow crab legs, but there was a long line of people waiting just for them and every time the servers brought out a new batch, people descended upon them like eagles and within 30 seconds flat they were gone. Needless to say, I never got to try them.
The sushi was OK. I just felt uncomfortable eating it because seeing it sitting out there for who knows how long made me question the freshness and I couldn't enjoy the experience. Oh, and the soy sauce was so salty it was almost inedible.
The desserts weren't that exciting. They had some kind of banana pudding and some almond cookies, and the soft serve ice cream which was probably the best part of the whole experience.
I don't think I will come back here again.Overall it has decent service and a nice atmosphere. But on the other hand the waitress made us put a tip when all she did was bring up a knife. The food selection was okay somewhat limited, the place is mostly seating. I know my fiancé and I will not be going back.great for the price.  not the greatest chinese food but the seafood and rolls make up for it.  the place is pretty clean and the servers are attentive.I found a new dish that I am in love with. It's on the side where the salads are. I don't know the proper name for this, but it's some sort of a seafood salad. Shrimp, scallops and squid mixed with beautifully sliced carrots and celery, in a dressing of olive oil and dill. I could take home pounds of this stuff. Very summery and refreshing. It's a chilled salad. If I could find out how they make it or what the proper name of this dish is, I'd be in heaven (Because I'd make it at home).I don't know what has happened. My 2 roommates and I went for lunch this past Friday and things seemed different.
Their dumpling sauce was way different than it has ever been! It was super DUPER spicy. It's never spicy. It's always got that great flavor of ginger and garlic. Only this time it seemed as though they put a gallon of sriracha in it! We asked the waiter if there was a different dipping sauce, but he said that was it. Odd.
Then the fried rice. It's never made with scrambled egg and this particular visit, it was. My friend doesn't care for the eggs in her fried rice and LOVES Ruby's fried rice --- just not this time.
I seriously hope this isn't a sign of changes :(
As long as their sushi doesn't change and they don't get rid of that chilled seafood salad w/ olive oil and dill, I'll be okay.This place has a lot of variety. I like the food but it's always so crowded. Get ready for a line when dining in at Ruby's. They have a small sushi selection that is ok. Steak is good when they bring it out. Everything else is good. Sometimes the crowd that comes, mak you not want to come and enjoy their food selection. The staff are nice.  The price is pretty good for an all you caveat buffet. I come with my kids. Eat quick and get out. Lol.We wanted to go to lunch on the way to Home Depot, so I suggested buffet. This place had a decent rating for a buffet, so we stopped in. I thought it was really nice inside and I was pretty impressed with the variety and number of selections. 
We got there at the same time as a big group of older Asians and trying to get food from the buffet with them, was interesting. They cut you off and then proceeded to take one spoon, stay in one place and reach across/sideways to get their food from multiple entrees. At the end, several dishes were missing the spoons, while others had multiple spoons. 
The food itself was tasty although lukewarm. Service was attentive. Price was pretty reasonable for the 3 of us. I would definitely go back and try it again.不错的中餐自助，周六中午十刀，很便宜，但东西一点都不差，有海鲜，鱼，肉，各式炒菜，沙拉，还有寿司，海蟹，甚至还有麻小。饭后有水果甜点，可以吃到扶墙而出，太饱了。就是离downtown略远。The place is super clean and bright. The food is good, not great, but what do you want for 11.99. The selections are fresh and the food is hot. Dinner for two was $26. That's incredible for dinning out. For the money I was stuffed. This place makes it fun to be cheap.I usually come here when I'm done at the movie theater. The food is always the same. I liked the fried shrimp, chicken and broccoli and the crawfish. I liked having the logans for dessert. Not all Asian buffets have that. The pan fried dumplings, fried sushi, and egg rolls aren't fresh, but that's typical of Asian buffets. The food was great compared to other buffets. The service was terrible. The waitress gave us our bill, and actually stood behind the table and waited for us to pay! She only left when she saw we weren't ready. As soon as my friend started to pay she stood behind us and waited again! When my friend asked for change, she got mad and angrily told him the tip wasn't included in the bill! Then waited for him to hand her the tip! The tip isn't mandatory. If it was up to me she wouldn't have gotten anything. Next time I if I come back I'm paying at the front. She can stand there all she wants, but she won't be getting anything.So I ate here tonight, I haven't been back here in years, I tho k the food was okay back then, well tonight I've probably sample everything to the salad, but most Of the food was all nasty, I feel like the Gordon Ramsey is going to come out of me rating the food, but it was a very busy night, the dim sum shumai looked like it was just about to go bad, the taste was all mushy, the only thing I really enjoyed was the ribs and veggie Lo mein, most of the food was bland and just greasy, no flavor at all, I understand it was busy but they were making disgusting food for people to eat, I probably won't be coming back here.I love buffets, from the cheapest hole-in-the-wall types to opulent seafood feasts, so I was excited to try this place for the first time. It's not huge but it covers the standards you'd expect from a Chinese buffet: rice and noodle dishes, stir-fried or deep-fried meats in a variety of sauces, cheap sushi, seafood, and more, all for a decent price.
While you can't expect top quality cuisine, you could do worse as far as buffets goes. Dishes range from sort of good to meh, so you'll have to pick and choose what the better foods are. Most of the options were kept stocked up, but as usual, expect to wait in line and compete with other ravenous customers if you want some of the steamed crab legs. As far as sushi goes, there is a decent amount fish on some of the rolls (and, as you'd expect, barely any on others). Service might be kind of sparse depending on how crowded it gets, but at no point did I feel ignored. 
If I could give it 2.5 stars I would. All in all, at around $13-15 for dinner (if memory serves me right), and under $10 for lunch, it's an ok choice if you're just looking to fill up without breaking the budget.who doesn't like an all you can eat buffet?! i am sooo for them. i still have a lone tear from oasis (the all you can eat sushi place on walnut) closing and now being replaced by alfa/walnut room. all you can eat sounds a like a good concept...in theory.
this place is near riverview theater and like many buffets, there are no frills. 
it is a big place and there are set prices. lunch is cheaper. duh. about 7-8 bucks, but dinner is steeper about 9 or so, sunday there is no lunch price, it is all dinner prices.
the buffet has a plethora of different types of foods. it is like a hodge podge of left overs.
you have your usual fare of fried chicken, fries, the american cuisine. they have a good selection of seafood and since it is all you can eat, go to town! they have jumbo shrimp, crabs, crawl fish, and there is also a sushi bar! the sushi is ok. but it is fresh and made in front of you. they offer fried rice, lo mein and a variety of dumplings and shell fish, oysters and clams and i have even had mussels. 
the desserts include soft serve with rainbow jimmies, fresh fruit, if you are lucky they put out a big bowl of lychees and ice.mmmmmm. mangos and watermelon and pineapples. they have a plate of cookies, but i was bit scared since i didn't recognize what kind of cookies they were! so i stayed with stuff i knew and that was lychees and soft serve.
the service is insanely quick about picking up your plates, cleaning and are attentive. they run a pretty tight ship. they put a bowl on your table for the bones, shells, fruit rinds, etc. and empty it even before you can ask. they seem to keep an eye out on all the tables to make sure your dirty plates don't pile up. the crowd is not center city or old city. you have families there, people stopping before going to the movies, the hung over crowd sitting there eating all fried noodles, etc. 
memo to yo'self, since it is an all you can eat buffet, i would suggest going with a hearty appetite to truly take advantage of it..and wear elastic waisted pants....ok, perhaps not. but you get the jist.
the food is average. i mean the sushi was fine, nothing to write home about, but the variety of stuff there was good, not a lot of vegan/vegetarian stuff, but carnivores should be ok!
for the price and the choices, this place is ok. it is a place where it is ok to have plate of sushi, a chinese donut, and red jello. i support all you can eat buffets since it makes eating an adventure!After an awful trip to AC Moore down the street, my boyfriend and I decided to stop in here for a quick fuss-free dinner. I was a little hesitant at first, but he assured me that the food was good and I would find something that I'd like. I accepted the challenge and was fully ready to eat $11.99 worth of soft serve ice cream.
Well I was pleasantly surprised to see so many choices and how well the buffet was maintained. There were all sorts of seafood (cooked and raw), sushi, typical chinese take out foods, a section devoted to fried items, a section for fresh fruit and veggies (props for the freshest honeydew I've had all season), and a nice spread of desserts. I ended up trying a little bit of everything, and have no major complaints. The staff is pretty nice and will clear your plates quickly while you are getting another helping. I was even able to get a few crab legs without incident (and believe me, I witnessed a few people getting nasty over not having crab legs. I wanted no part in that). 
So all in all it was a pleasant experience. The food was edible enough that I'd go back, but not too often because unlimited soft serve is dangerous. 3 1/2 starsNot my proudest Dukedom. It's okay. Beware of the clientele.Took my mother in law and husband here due to the all you can eat crabs. I can honestly say this is one of the nicer buffets that we have been to. The food was good and ranged from sushi to white rice and everything in between. The only issue was the crab legs. Due to being in high demand, they were not always available and usually had to wait in line or wait up to 20 minutes for them. They did not bring them out immediately.  Other than that issue- everything else was good. My mother in law seemed to enjoy so that was a benefit.I was dragged here by 2 of my friends, both of which were running the 2014 Delaware marathon with me. It was time to carb load before the big race and I didn't want to do Chinese food, wherever and whenever possible. Yet, I was here in Philadelphia having Chinese food, pretty much, with Japanese (sushi) mixed in. At least I was with friends, I guess, so I sucked it up and hanged out here. Last time I had this kind of food, I got real sick and couldn't handle it out on the marathon course. Let's just say I tossed some cookies out there, so I was adamant about it, but my friends wanted to eat here. Can't say no to a 2 to 1 vote. Ruby Buffet was your quintessential buffet place, where you can get whatever you want and overload your body with stuff that tastes good, but not necessarily good for you. At least, the prices were cheap at $12.95 for dinner per person and the restaurant space was clean and orderly.
Ruby Buffet is located 1100 S Columbus Avenue in Philadelphia, just 15 minutes from the Philadelphia airport. Located with a small strip mall, I noticed the Pho Saigon next door in the complex and hoped we will be going after running the marathon to celebrate (we did). And so, Ruby Buffet shares its private parking lot with the other tenants of the complex, so there's good parking options here. Public transit is good too, but you'd need to google search directions. Ruby Buffet accepts credit cards, which is a must, since they thrive on volume and how much people they can do in an hour. It's amazing how much food people can pack away when its a buffet - myself included. I guess it's really unlimited for a fixed price, so you would just load till you can't anymore. Its good on the wallet, but ain't so good for the waist line to be sure. Still, it is what it is. Comfort Asian cuisine at its best.
My 2 friends and I arrived here around 6:30pm on a Saturday evening and it. was lovely already. I was hesitant on coming here, but it turned out to be an okay experience, especially when you are amongst friends. The restaurant itself was actually quite beautiful and clean. Like a Chinese restaurant, but with the buffet stations and steamy trays of food to salivate and inspire your taste buds to no end. There is a sushi chef along with a prime rib carving station, but the guy who was doing the carving was nowhere to be found. It was disheartening, but what can you do, but to load up on more seafood and a mix of Chinese noodles and lo mein to get in those carbohydrates for the next morning's 26.2 mile fun run. Oh well. The fish entree was pretty good and I did like the fresh seafood selection - shrimp and crab legs. Everything seemed of value when you load up on the more expensive stuff! :)
The service here seemed non existent, whereas everything seemed to be just self service pretty much. You were seen to your table, refilled your water a couple of times, and presented your check. Nothing else. The staff here in Ruby Buffet spoke Cantonese Chinese, so that was nice to hear - some mandarin. The restaurant was clean, sans those 5 year old kids throwing food on the floor at the tables next to us. It felt like being in Chinatown for some reason or another. Still, it was recommended though. I thought that this place was just okay, but good for the money. The overall experience could have been better, but it was Chinese cuisine and could not have spelt it out any better. Still it was delicious Chinese fare, but its not really good for my stomach and well being, especially when I am doing this marathon stuff. :-)
Support local!
C+Food was good, Staff was not. We paid with a debit card before we could even leave cash on the table as a tip, a waitress looked at our receipt and started yelling at us for not tipping! We weren't even finished our meal! I'm all for Gratuity and always give my 20% sometimes maybe even more,but I don't like tipping on a card, This server took it upon herself to scream at the guests and I that attended the restraunt for lunch in the middle of the crowded restaurant. Very unprofessional!Pretty decent buffet. The look and feel of the place is casual but nice. It's a buffet, so you expect the food options will be immense. Here, that it not the case. It is more of a Chinese buffet with American classics sprinkled in. You can go with chicken (fried or chinese cuisine), seafood (again fried or chinese, even sushi), there is also a salad and desert bar. I would knock the desert bar since it is pretty limited on offerings. Usually hit this place as a pre-movie dinner place.There was variety. The food tasted fresh. If you like sushi it was good as well. A brother who frequents stated the use the same utensils or knives for everything without cleaning them off.  So if you are vegetarian you might get fragments of meat if you don't like pork there is a chance you might get fragments of it in your food.  I think the need to become more aware of people dietary preferences and accommodate them so they can eat in peaceFood was warm, super greasy, and bland. Perfect for people that don't care to eat good food.Sushi was okay the rest was okay.  It's pretty typical buffet Chinese food.  3 stars worth trying...but don't expect 5 star gourmet food...Clean, comfy, and classic...Top 100 Chinese Resto in USA too bootThis buffet isn't so bad, I actually like it :) The food is consistent. Although the sushi bar isn't so 'woohoo', all of the other foods are fairly good for a buffet in South Philadelphia. After all, you can't really expect fantastic sushi from a joint of that nature (a buffet unless that's what they're known for.) It's the perfect spot for a typical lunch. Dinner is a tad bit pricey but hey! bring a friend who is willing to treat :D !This place is terrible, the food is overcooked or raw, and the service is terrible. Every 5 minutes someone came over to ask if we were eating dinner or lunch or to take a plate away. I will never return here, neither will I recommend it.The service was excellent but I wish I could have enjoyed the experience. I was too busy focused on how my food was cold.  Despite the cold food there was not much to complain about.  Desperate and hungry,  I had no choice but to grin and bare it.Where else can you go to have AYCE chinese food, with crab legs and sushi, for $12.99? This is our default "we're-so-hungry-we-need-to-eat-in-five-minutes-or-we-will-die" place. It's clean, service is friendly enough, and there's a big selection. Sushi and crab legs are mediocre, but that never stops  me from waiting in line for crab legs!
P.S. It's a BYOB. Yes. I've brought wine there before. They give you little plastic dixie cups to drink out of. You're welcome.
P.P.S. It's a great place to people watch. Go, see, and you'll understand.I'm not a big fan of buffets. Before my friends convinced me to try Ruby buffet for the first time in Feb, 2009 I honestly had not been to one since junior high. Since then, however, it's become the place for me and the ladies to get over episodes of  "post-party depression". Chinese food is always a great hangover cure. 
The food is fine. The crab legs go fast, but they are almost constantly bringing out trays. I've had raw oysters almost every time i've been and have never had a qualm with the freshness or quality. I'm not the biggest fan of the sushi, especially since the one time they made rolls with fried chicken inside. so unpleasantly unexpected. What i do get jazzed about is the roast duck, the crab backs when they serve them, the steamed crayfish, and the baby clams. I also really like the fried chicken wings.
Like everyone has said, the service is really pleasant and efficient. Also, they dont really advertise it, but Ruby Buffet is BYOB. We've come with champagne and they provided us with little plastic cups and OJ to make mimosas. 
I would say it's the best buffet in the city, but it's honestly the only one i've been to.This buffet was great, I usually do not have high expectations for these kinds of restaurants but this one was Awesome!!.... all you can eat freshly made sushi, full buffet lines at all times and very fresh food!!! Definitely will be back!A little disappointing from the food. No chance to try any crab leg. It came out and disappeared in a moment. No fresh grill in this restaurant. Service was fast and good.Pretty good Buffet in the busy Columbus Blvd Penn's Landing area. Tried it for the 1st time,. 1st the likes : The Sushi was very good and fresh tasting, they had Duck which I love, and loved the Dim Sum, Fried Catfish and Seafood Bisque was decent. Other stuff is average Chinese buffet fare. Now the Bad: No Hibachi or Teriyaki bar, boo! A little pricey 3 peeps with sodas was north of 50 bucks with tip (Ouch!) For a dinner that was fare , but for lunch on a Sunday, a little high for Chinese food?! Mob scene in there on a Sunday, with a shaky clientele. Ladies, don't leave your bag unattended! Plenty of screaming brats and families that don't care, so if you want quiet u will want to pass on this place! Parking can get very cramped! Having said all this, and all in all, I'm going 4 stars! It is getting harder and harder to find a decent Chinese buffet in Philadelphia so I appreciate not having to schlep to the burbs if I want to get my Chinee food fix!How excited we all were to be going to a Chinese buffet on the 4th of July. We felt like gorging ourselves for 12 dollars was a good way to spend our money and our time. We were quite mistaken.
The food itself was very very very average, probably worth 8 or 9 dollars. The staff were friendly and attentive, and the atmosphere was clean and welcoming.
At this point you might be asking, "Well, why 2 stars?"
Honestly, it was probably a 4 star experience until we got the bill. 51 dollars for 3 buffet meals and 3 waters. 
51 dollars?!?
Yes. 51 dollars. Due to the managements unwavering sense of patriotism and clear understanding of the American dream they RAISED the prices by 4 dollars a person on a national holiday celebrating our spirit, freedom, and independence. Such good citizens.
So we paid the bill and as we were walking out we noticed the little sign advertising the price change. 16 dollars for adults, 8 for kids.Sitting erect and proud in the right hand corner of the sign was a clear explanation of the atrocity we had just experienced; a Puerto Rican flag instead of an American flag.
Apparently they weren't quite bright enough to recall which country they were overcharging in.Good buffet with a nice variety of seafood. Even my picky toddler found stuff he liked. Good choice if you like buffets!I have gone here a few occasions, but my last experience with this establishment was completely unpleasant. My Mom, sister and I went to eat here and arrived for the lunch buffet. The waiters had placed oysters (part of their dinner buffet) out slightly earlier and still during the lunch period. My Mom had a plate and when she brought it back to the table (while eating it), a waiter said the dish was only for dinner guests and took the plate away from my Mom! This was truly shocking as it exhibited complete unprofessionalism, lack of basic manners and consumer appreciation. 
My Mom was highly upset and moreover it was done in front of other guests. When we complained to the manager, the manager did nothing about it and merely said "sorry" half heartedly. 
Very poor service, management not equipped to handle consumer needs and lack of satisfactory recovery to its consumers was very much present. In whole, a very unsatisfactory and unpleasant atmosphere for paying customers.Mm pretty decent, good variety, nice employees.average quality in food.When I go to buffets it is not for quantity so much as being able to eat a wide selection of things for a flat rate without waiting. I'm generally repulsed by people who to buffets to see if they can eat their weight in General Tso's Chicken. I probably make two trips to the buffet and one on the way out for an ice cream cone. That said, when I go to Ruby Buffet it's because I'm in the neighborhood (read: IKEA or Target) and I need to eat quickly and on a budget. 
At Ruby, the best advantage is that there is a decent selection of sushi rolls included in the flat rate as well as steamed salmon, duck, brisket and ribs at the back bar. The main buffet sections have two or three soups: hot and sour, wonton, miso etc... all the standard sides like pepper steak, fried rice and lo mein, as well as chicken on a stick, general tso's, greens, fried dumplings, pork buns, string beans and other things that have been soaking in butter and/or oil for god knows how long. And finally, at the bottom of the barrel you can find pizza, tater tots, french fries and American fare for the people who can't bring themselves to eat crawdads, scallops, seafood or anything you might otherwise traditionally find at Chinese buffet all for the same $12 price tag (unless you go for one of their holiday specials, like Vale tine's or New Year's that I think include lobster and other high end items and can go up to $20 - I've never been.)
I agree with the other reviewer who said the worst part is probably the patrons who hover, waiting for the crablegs to be refilled only to hog them all when they come out. It's like watching pigs waiting for their troughs to be filled. But as long as you don't put your arm in their eating radius you won't get it eaten off by mistake. 
The waitstaff and very friendly and prompt about seating you and refilling your drinks and quick to ring you up and send you on your merry way. The place is lacking in atmosphere, but for a buffet I'd say it's actually on the high end.  My biggest complaint is the bathrooms. They are disgusting, not cleaned or stocked nearly enough. Thankfully the front of the house seems to be fairly well maintained so I just try to avoid the bathrooms.The food is great and fresh. The staff are very friendly and attentive. The place is nice and clean. Also, It can get very busy on weekends, so be prepared to fight for crab legs lol