I should probably wait to review Rum Bar until I've spent more than just half an hour there, but in case that doesn't happen any time soon, here are my observations after the Yelp happy hour. First, it's a relatively small space (which can be cramped) but definitely cute. The pirate theme is obvious but not overdone (unlike in a certain credit report commercial). The one drink I had--a Bahama Mama--was tasty, not too strong and not too sweet or cloying. Service was quick and friendly. The kiwi- and starfruit-infused rums looked quite festive; perhaps I'll try those on my next visit. I'm not big on the Rittenhouse scene, but if I find myself in the area, I'll certainly pop into Rum Bar again.Their drinks are delicious and strong -- mojitos just $4 and well drinks $3 during happy hour. The service is a little lackluster but the drinks make up for it.Whoa, Rum Bar is GREAT!!  The only thing that could make it greater, is more pirate.
Or, at least - take the pirate situated to the left of the bar & make it more of a centerpiece to the place.  Always more pirate!  ;)
I really hope I get the chance to return to Rum Bar soon.  I visited for a very fun Yelp Happy Hour & tried a few very, very tasty drinks & some equally tasty appetizers.  That spicy mac n cheese is phenomenal & if you're a meat eater, you don't wanna pass up their jerk chicken wings either.  YUM!
The decor of Rum Bar is appropriately theme-y but nicely executed, it doesn't at all seem cheesy.Just a warning, my hertiage is Cuban, so I am extra picky about Caribean food.  The mojitos were great, so was the flan (and I make my own).  The beans tasted like they were from a can and had very little seasoning. The ropa vieja, was also lacking in salt and flavor.  But on a good note the salad was great and so were the jerk chicken wings, very taste.I'm not sure how many more times they are looking to change the menu, but alas two days ago when we went, it was changed again. It was actually shortened and catered more as bar foods. It's unfortunate, we enjoyed the last menu better which had the option of making it tapas size or entree size, with more options. They didn't keep most of the items that we enjoyed, but we did try the wings, avocado dip, calamari, and the tartare. they were good with the exception of the wings. it was a little boring for me.LISTEN TO ME:
Just order those nachos and some $6 Tiki Cocktails on a Thursday night. Magic will happen in the form of full belly, satisfaction, and nommy aftertaste.went here for a friends birthday last friday.  drink selection is fantastic!  mohitos are delicious, although i do not recommend the vanilla mohito,  too many flavors.
we all split apps, jerk chicken quesadillo, spicy mac n cheese, coconut shrimp, beans and rice, sweet potato mash.  all very yummy. most on the spicy side.
there were only 2 servers, but they were very attentive.  zack, our one server was outstanding!  super helpful requesting drinks and food and genuinely nice.  i didn't get the name of our other server, but she was great too.Great experience.  Used a LivingSocial certificate and was quickly explained how it worked, what I could get, etc..  The drinks are great, daiquiris and mojitos.  We ordered the jerk wings, ropa viejo mufongo, vaca frita, tostones (fried savory plantains), and Caribbean mac&cheese.  The main dishes were really great and flavorful.  The wings were cooked perfectly, but had no spice to it.  We asked for some sauce and they brought out some of the jerk sauce, which wasn't spicy, but very tasty.  The mac&cheese also wasn't spicy as indicated, but very cheesy and good.  The tostones were dry and not seasoned well.  When the manager asked, we told him and he tasted, agreed, apologized and comped us our dessert and a drink.  the service is excellent, and they are working hard to really bring the food to a high level.  I look forward to going back.I was really pleased with this event!  The food was excellent and SPICY but not so much so that I couldn't eat - it just made me drink my mojito faster.  The drink, by the way, was incredibly strong and also quite tasty.  I don't really see myself hanging out there on a regular basis - it seems to attract a different crowd than I typically identify with, but if I'm out and in the mood to stray from the typical dive bar, I will keep Rum Bar in mind.Amazing rum selection!  
I consider myself somewhat of an aged rum enthusiast.  It can be very challenging to find certain brands.  This place had all of them, in fairly priced flights!  The manager was very very knowledgeable and great to talk to about rum.  He made a flight for me that was not on the list, of Plantation, which turned out to be incredible.    My fiancee's mojito was well mixed too.  If you want to get the low-down on the rum, skip the waiter and just talk to the manager.
As for the food-   I had the pork skewers and I thought they had great flavor.   My roast pork entree was good overall and the tamale side was solid.  I wish I lived closer so I could come here more often.  The ambience is decent but I can definitely see how it could get cramped in there on weekends.rum and fun happen here, nothing like a hurricane on walnut st. food is good as well, love that tropicalish flavor, comfy place great staff!!Stopped in after dinner on the day after Valentine's Day. The place was deserted, but it was kind of nice to have the place to ourselves. The Mojitos were great. I had one of the house special mojitos with cucumber. It sounds weird, but it was awesome. I highly recommend it. 
My wife had the strawberry mojito and it was great too. It had freshly pureed strawberries it and had a nice, clean taste. I can't say that the mojitos were as good as the Cuba Libre watermelon mojitos, but it would be unfair to compare anything to those. 
The bartender was very nice and gave us some cupcakes that she had baked for Valentine's Day. 
The prices were as you would expect them to be for this neighborhood - like $22 or 2 drinks. We were only there for 40 minutes or so, but we enjoyed it and would come back.Had a great meal here.  Tried several small plates-based upon recommendations of Bar Tender, Tom...he was right on each one-excellent!  Great mojitos-loved that the bar tender was trying to improve each drink based upon our feedback.  Will definitely return on next trip to Philly!Decided to check this place out on a recommendation. I have to say that I was impressed with the atmosphere. Dimly lit, classy set up and reggae in constant rotation. I checked this place out on a Friday night.Sure, their impressive collections of Rums is out of this world. (They have 230). But it was the bartenders willingness to share their favorites and educate the drinker that was great as well. 
This is the perfect place if you're looking to take a young sophisticate out on a the town without long lines, heavy cover changes and attention seeking young 20-somethings that are looking to get hammered. I look forward to trying the food next time. I would recommend giving Root and Zaya a shot. And a word to the wise, spring for the doubles. Usually a double will only cost you 3 or 4 bucks more than a single."I liked this place a lot.  Very cosy, chill and decorated well.  Its small, but that's cool.  The place is hard to miss with its 'high seas' style facade.  I think this place is great, but I had one problem and that problem was me.  See,  I only like ''rum and...''  Not three distinct shots of rum solo otherwise known as a ''rum flight.'' Which is what I ordered (like an idiot.)   If you like rum, then this place is all you need to get by in life.   We didn't get food,   This place is definitely worth a try if your in the area."Came here one Saturday evening for a late dinner / drinks. This place turns into a lounge with a DJ around 930/10pm. It was pretty rocking by the time we left. This seems like it'd be a great starting spot or ending spot. Per its namesake, the rum selection here is special. I had a drink called Hot Damn! And boy was it sweet. My girlfriend had one of their famous mojitos and really enjoyed it. It was super minty fresh.
For dinner I had a pulled flank steak over rice w/ guacamole. The meat was really tender and juicy, but the rice was undercooked and almost crispy in nature. I wasn't a huge fan of the rice. Fellow yelper and local tourguide for the weekend, Yiwen S , had conch fritters and the mac n cheese. The conch fritters reminded me of a trip to the Bahamas where we had these morsels of deliciousness almost every day. The Mac n cheese is spicy, good, but watery. If you expect chunky mac n cheese, then I wouldn't order it. The girlfriend had this plaintain concoction with sides of Cajun chicken. It was unique and I liked it.
I'd come back for the rum and apps, but not necessarily the entrees.If you like spending $12 - $15 on fruity drinks that have a thimble sized quantity of rum in them and would like to spend $400 to get a "buzz" on, then you'll LOVE the rum bar. Your paying for Rittenhouse mortgage payments at this place. Avoid like the plague.Rum Bar, Rum Bar, Rum Bar... ahhh, you have so many great qualities.  You are almost perfect, but your one flaw is something that's not really your fault.  You're stuck in a narrow center city space, and sad for me, I don't like sharing.  Rum Bar, you are so great when you're not packed full of thirsty drinkers.  So I give you five stars ON CONDITION, that one comes here when it is not.  All the Daiquiri's are amazing, there's a gargantuan variety of different rums to try, and the food looks and smells delicious (although I haven't had the chance to try any yet).  Service is great too.  Bartender Lee has never taken us awry.
I could tell you my favorite day to come to Rum Bar, but I'd rather keep that to myself so I can keep giving this place five stars.My husband and I purchased a Groupon to this restaurant. I never heard of this place , but was willing to give it a try.  The service was wonderful, along with the ambience. It was a great place for a date. There was a lot of couples there that  night.  We went on a friday, and we enjoyed the specialty drinks. They were served in little fish bowls. So cute.  The place was small, but we didn't feel overcrowded. The bar was packed that night. Our waitress was attentive and the food was great. I will definitely revisit here.to all my fellow yelpers,  it was nice to meet you all, or most of you anyway, thats why there are only four stars, the bar space is like a thin hallway  and i couldnt mingle as i would regularly do, i am sure the waitress and  some of the patrons hated us by the end of the night. but lets talk about the positives, nice decor, freindly staff and a great drink menu. to try to get a feel of their particular flair i ordered the cane mojito which was pricey but phenomonal, real mint and real sugar work well for me. i'd like to thank them also for the drink specials and free drink, the dark and stormy was great. i will probably go back even though i dont often venture into that part of the city.Went here a few weeks ago and drunk people almost got themselves beat up by my friends.  More than once.  Pretty weird, huh?  Drunk guys were waving their arms everywhere and taking coats that didn't belong to them and it was way too early for all of that.  It is a typical long & narrow center city property, but definitely not that narrow where the tables are in the back.  Up at the bar area things seemed more calm.  Friendly bartenders.  Table service was pretty aggressive, as in aggressively asking what else we wanted to order every 5 minutes... when we were clearly not there for dinner.
I had one drink and it was positively Heavenly--the mango mojito.  Strange crowd notwithstanding, I would actually come back to have that again.
On second thought, no I wouldn't.  Just can't get a handle on this place's vibe.  I don't think it has figured out its own vibe just yet, & that's a deal breaker although the alcohol is on point.Overall, had a nice dinner date here :-) I would DEFINITELY recommend ordering the crabcake sliders for an appetizer or an entree, because they were the best crabcakes E-V-E-R!!Stopped by here for a Monday happy hour with a couple of friends. They 
had half off mojitos and $3 tacos.
The mojitos aren't anything special nor were they the best tasting I've ever had around here in Philly. The strawberry mojito with "fresh" strawberry tasted more like strawberry syrup. The classic mojito lacked flavor. I couldn't taste any sweetness, citrus or mint, just rum.
The $3 tacos aren't anything amazing as well. We got one beef taco and one fish taco. The beef cut in the taco was brisket I think, and very dry. I actually really enjoyed the fish taco. They added mashed potatoes to it to add texture. My gripe about the tacos were that they are too small, about the size of one of those cardboard beer coasters.
I'm giving this place 2 stars because they do have a pretty extensive rum/drink menu. All in all, there's nothing about this place that makes me want to go back unless I want to get trashed and pretend to be a pirate. "But why is all the rum gone?"Yay Rum Bar! It's a great place to good for a, well, drink with rum. The mojitos are pretty delish, I'm not sure why other people are hatin'. The bartenders are probably my favorite, very personable and very knowledgeable of their rums. I came here on a Friday night with a friend for a low-key mojito, and the ambiance was just what we needed: low-key and quiet. I then returned a few weeks later on a Friday with a group and the place was hopping. Take what you will from that. My only issue is this place is teeny tiny, and it can get cramped. But it's worth it.
 Reader beware: the rum beer. Soo good, will give you such a crick in the head the next day!Wow what a fun time! 
The drinks were strong, the service was friendly, and the Yelper crowd was awesome! The appetizers were tasty too! The spicy macaroni was seriously spicy. I was glad I had strong drink to take the edge off that burn. Good stuff.Rum Bar is an oasis for lovers of rum in Center City.  Although this restaurant is not owned by a Caribbean person, the dominance of more than 140 rums from the Caribbean and tropics as a menu that "pivots on Caribbean influences" gives it a place on the menu.  
Rum Bar is a dark brown, chocolatey dream of a restaurant with a mezzanine display at the entrance, good sized bar, and dining area for about 20 patrons in the back.   When I went there, I expected to see a glorious display of rums to gander at, but instead the owner has chosen to keep his stash hidden like a pirate's treasure.    The waitress handed me two menus when I sat down and I giggled to myself when I realized that the larger menu was actually for drinks!
I discovered Ten Cane rum at Rum Bar.    I know that doesn't make any sense.  Ten Cane rum is a premier rum made in Trinidad, and I journey back home at least once a year.   Although I still have a favorite place in my heart for Old Oak Rum, 1919, and Vat 19, Ten Cane is definitely a lovely rum for you to add to your collection.
There are a few items on the menu that I can vouch for.   Wait, let me do mention that Rum Bar has taken the big-plate-small-food phenomenon to the next level by giving small-plate-small-food. It's almost like  the chef ascribes to Nutrisystem like portions.  I guess they figure that you came their for the daquiris and not the Yucca Fries.
The Good:
THE RUM! - Rum, glorious rum! Everywhere else you have to make a special request or hunt on the bar menu.   Here's the main dish!
Yucca Fries - this is my favorite as they are crispy on the outside, tender on the inside and not too salty
Jerk Wings - they aren't "authentic" but they are good
Coconut Shrimp - good enough, predictable but still good
The Bad:
Jamaican Patties - $10?!!  Really now?
Seafood Paella - I've made this mistake twice now.  Paella is supposed to be synonymous with generous portions.
Catfish fingers - I am still trying to understand what the chef was trying to achieve here
The ugly:
The portion sizes - I would have to be drunk to consider that an entree!
The owner is on the hunt for a doubles recipe (because he knows where the true treasure lies ;-) I hope he finds one soon to really bring in the patrons.   By the look of things, they seem to be quite successful at Rum Bar and should be around for quite a while.
N.Y.A.M. Score (not your average meal)
3.5 out of 5
(because I eat while I am sober and would prefer the best of both worlds)Equipped with a Groupon, we went to check out the food at Rum Bar. To get to the seating area, we had to squeeze by noisy patrons filling the bar and then hear them from our table.  We started by splitting the Crab Cakes...which were more filler and with some strings of crab meat rather than nice large chunks. For my entree, I ordered the Mango Glazed Tilapia and it came out smothered in a congealed sauce that looked a lot like cheddar cheese with a couple of lumps that were tiny pieces of mango.  The sauce was so overpowering that it was hard to get much flavor of the fish, which didn't taste that fresh, so perhaps it was for the best.  The best part of my dish was the coconut rice.  Overall, very disappointing in both atmosphere and food as a dinner spot...if I go back, it will be a liquid-only type of meal.cozy little place with a variety of rum punches. the Jamaican empanadas were delish!  unfortunately, the rest of the meal was not.  the jamaican curry was more like an Asian curry filled with italian squash and very little meat. it had no curry flavor whatsoever.  very disappointed with he entree as well as the service which started out great, but once it got crowded, we were forgotten.Their drink selection is amazing, and every single one I've ever tried has been good. They make them strong without making them taste strong (i.e. bad) and a cocktail will run you about 10 dollars or so. They also make seasonal additions to the drink menu. On Saturday nights they have better deals and it turns into a kind of dance party.
As for their food, I had never had it before they instituted the new menu at the beginning of October, but I actually really liked it--better than typical bar food for sure. I'm not Caribbean and can't attest to how authentic it was or wasn't, but it certainly tasted good enough that I've been back for the food since.Hey Now....
We had a living social deal for the Rum Bar, and read the reviews before purchasing the deal so we knew kinda what to expect. On Sunday I called for a res from work, and got no answer the first time so I called back 20 minutes later to make sure they were open. Very personable person who I recognized as the bartender when we arrived.
He took my name, first and last and my number and graciously set our res time. When we arrived the place had 3 people sitting at the bar and that's it! Although I like to avoid packed places I do like to see others dining, really no big deal however just funny.
Ok, other man who could have been a customer but wasn't said sit any where, dropped a couple of menus and said he'd be back. We looked we ordered, Drinks were very good, asked a recommendation on the app and he was right on! The calamari was very good, I ordered rainbow trout that came with white rice and some sort of salsa-ish topping, It was great. My girl had the paella also very good but with beef in it and no chicken ??? 
The one and only downside was that our server while nice, needed training or was just killing time. No water offered, no plates other than main bowl for the app. and no napkins with our drinks. All in all I would return, would like to see a night with a little more action and I would like to sample more of the menu.My party of nine turned into a party of 11 and then we turned this joint into a full out club. The DJ was especially tolerant of us and the rum runners were excellent. The clientele was pretty great too...we even had a photo bomb from a nearby group of party-goers. I love when that happens--it's almost like I'm not about to turn 32 and head back to my little suburb to manage my tot with a hangover the next day. 
I have to say, it feels kind of cramped...like, every time I went outside with my husband at my back, I could see him checking if my parts were remotely touching others' private regions...I'm not a complete fat ass, but my recent weight gain made it especially difficult to navigate all these crotches lined up at the bar. The clientele seemed gentleman-like enough in moving their crotches so my booty remained unscathed. 
Also, while outside there were groups of very good looking people with a decent amount of drama. My advice was even solicited at one point ("stop being a little bitch about it"), which makes me feel 31 and married (which I am), but it's still nice to feel accepted by random groups of good-looking younger folks.The narrow room extends well past the bar, but still feels small.  Went here with a friend for some choice mojitos and split a few apps.  The ahi tuna tacos were our favorite and at $9 a plate, were pretty big!  Unfortunately, the guacamole did NOT deliver.  For $7 we expected better.  It was browning before we took our first bite!  You might interpret that as meaning it was fresh.  Let me be clear.. it was runny and I'm fairly certain came out of a bag.
The mojitos were good and starting at $9 you can really let your curiosity go with vanilla-infused rum and fresh strawberry offerings.I must say half price mojitos are great on mon nite..great little spot.
I love it when a bartender opens up his own place..they are great with the guest...good tapas.........owner likes to shoot fire from his mouth, with 151 Rum.I had a very limited intro to this place, but I have to say I'm a fan.  Nice, casual, chic, comfortable... not crazy busy, a nice place to chill with friends.  The drinks were totally yum.  Real daiquiris - wow are they worlds apart from the syrupy overbearingly sweet concoctions you would get at the beach.  Great fresh flavors, really delicious.  I tried ginger, lavendar, and grapefruit... they all had fun names too, I just don't know what they were.   :)
Recommend!eh.  it's alright.  mad props for hosting us for a yelp event, but this place can get a douchey crowd in here when there's not yelp people around.  coupled with the fact that it's small and kinda expensive, it's not a place that would be high on my list of places to go were I not tempted out by free rum.I went here with friends last Saturday and had an awesome time. The food was good but not spectacular. We had a living social deal so we were pretty happy with how much we paid for it. It was also their 4th birthday so they had an open bar with a $10 cover charge which was pretty awesome. The drinks were great, music was great and the atmosphere/decor was awesome.Excellent cocktails! Great live music (at least on the night I was there May 2010). This hall shaped bar is fashionably decorated and sports a  a 20-something crowd. The food looked tasty although I didn't eat, and the bartenders are more than competent. Would definitely recommend, although it did get pretty crowded already by 10 pm.Glad I had a restaurant.com gift cert. for this place because I would not want to pay full price. Drinks were average... and I wasn't even sure if they had any alcohol in them. Food was bland.Very good food.  Great presentation.  Good selection of drinks and the drinks were not watered-down.  My definition of weak watered-down drink is a little different after going to school in New Orleans.  Clean establishment with nice decor.We stopped at this place for a drink or two and while it was small and slightly narrow, it was a nice place to get together with friends on the couch or at the bar and chat the night away. The mojito was great and pretty strong. I would come back again.Came here for sips on Wednesday, drinks were delicious and our little blond waitress was cute and happy to help. Seemed like they have a lot of different specials, I didn't have anything to eat but the food looked good. A refreshing crowd considering the bro hang out next door...i love rum bar. it started out good and it keeps getting better!
great food and excellent service.
they have a great selection of specialty cocktails and the largest selection of rum i have ever seen.
great food and excellent service.
lots of great revolving specials to keep you coming back for discount cocktails.
the only downside is that it is a small space that gets too crowded sometimes.One of my favorite places to take my fiancée in all of Philly, Rum Bar really has it going on. The atmosphere is amazing, the rum quality and selection is unmatched, and the food is just right. We usually go on Thursday nights (we were there tonight) for the $6 "tiki drink" specials and the discounted small plate menu, but every other night (especially Monday and Friday) is just as awesome. The waitstaff and bartenders are superb and always know just what to recommend, seriously it's absurd how good they are, and the owner (who is often there) is just as great. Tonight we decided to let loose a little bit and get a "flight" of rum which is three different types of rum, either all from the same distillery or three which are of the same type, and the waitress picked out the perfect ones for us. After already each having two of the "tiki specials" we figured our taste buds would be in a sugar-coma and that we wouldn't enjoy the flights as much, but boy were we wrong. All three of our offerings was superb and well worth the price, plus it was about $8 cheaper than had we ordered them all separately.
The food is good, not out of this world fantastic and not bad, but definitely solid. Tonight we had the pork belly small plate special, which was to die for, and the calamari which was out of this world. While this food was well above par, other trips to Rum Bar have produced food which was not as good so I don't feel comfortable saying the food is always amazing, but it is always "good" (at minimum). On weekend nights this place can get EXTREMELY crowded, so beware, but most of the time it is the perfect balance. It's not too loud or too intimate and the music is always set to the perfect volume, but when they have live DJ's it can get a tad loud (but not unbearably so). Tonight they had a very eclectic mix of background music and it was a pleasant respite from all the small talk going on around us, but as I said before, when they have a DJ it will get loud and it will be a bit hard to focus on conversations. Overall the atmosphere is great and is perfect for date nights.
Our waitress tonight (Katie) was super friendly and did a great job keeping track of all of her tables even though it looked like she was the only one in the entire place serving and waiting from outside the bar. Each one of her suggestions was spot on, she always came to our table with a smile, and whenever we had a question she went out of her way to get the answer. In the past the waitstaff has fit this same mold (friendly, personable, and knowledgeable) so it really came as no surprise to see how good she was at her job. 
If you're in the area, are in need of a spot to take a date, or love rum and don't mind traveling, stop by Rum Bar for a night you'll remember for quite some time, it really is worth every penny!Came here from a LivingSocial deal. The special included 2 cocktails, 1 app, and 4 small plates.
Surprisingly, for being a rum bar, they had really great food. The food arrived tapas style (my favorite!). From the menu items tasted our favorite dishes were: the ahi tuna tacos (taco with tuna, cole slaw and avocado in a soft shell), crab cakes and jerk chicken quesadilla. It's not your typical fried bar food stuffed with heavy ingredients, but lighter small plates (with good size portions) that will leave you satisfied.
On the liquor side - I went for the "Hurricane" which packed a dark rum flavor. I probably would not order it again - but hey - I was at a rum bar.
The waitress was very nice, but seems like they have one waitress to manage seating and serving for every table. The place is relatively small, but when full as it was when we were there the waitress seemed a little overloaded.There really isnt anything special about this place. I've been here 3 times. The first time we walked in on a Saturday night. It was way too crowded so we walked back out. 
Unfortunately this place is engineered much like many other Rittenhouse bars: packing a bar, tiny lounge space, and eating area into a cramped narrow space. There isn't much space between the wall and the bar, so on especially crowded nights its damn near impossible to either get to the dining-turned into dance floor area or to the bar itself for a drink.
The second time i came here with a group of my lady friends. We got here early on friday. That's all explained in my previous post. I'll just recap with: the music was stellar. The DJ was killing it. And I would have been ready to lay down some moves if it wasn't for the brighter-than-necessary-for-trying-to-bust-some-moves-and-maybe-grind-up-on-some-dude lighting and the weird setup up of tables around the tiny dancefloor area. 
The third and hopefully last time I came here was for happy hour with my co-workers. I admit that the variety of rum is impressive. However, how do you run out of Hennessey? Luckily, I was able to get my drink free since they did in fact run out and couldn't give me a full serving, but really, how do you run out of Hennessey? At a fricken bar? Who does that?! 
The happy hour is worthwhile if you can get a seat at the bar or the front lounge area, otherwise don't bother. Because you can't get a table in the dining area without reservations and it's really awkward to stand in that area between the wall and bar, holding a drink and trying to converse with a co-worker or mack on a cutie. And if you come here but don't drink (like my co-worker) and thrive off of virgin drinks, this also isn't the place for you, since the bartenders were quite unhelpful with that. The food is also a bit too expensive for what it is. I ordered the crab cake appetizer for $12. Go grab food elsewhere. 
It's $3 for well drinks which is ok, but I gave up on bankers club back in college, so I'd say find a better place if you're looking for something other than rum.I went here on a wednesday for the 1/2 price daquiris- before then I thought a daquiri was a blended drink made with strawberries; turns out I was completely wrong. A daquiri is more like a margherita except with rum instead of tequila. I tried the passionfruit and the spiced honey daquiris (between 4 and 6 dollars with the discount) both were delicious. The food menu is limited, a bit pricey for the portion, but everything we tried was very good.My husband and I went here because we had a Living Social deal... The decor was lovely and the place was cozy. The service was great and unfortunately the food was from it. We tried the nachos and they tasted as if luke warm Velveeta was poured on chips. The meal in general was subpar and if it were not for our stellar deal, I would have been upset paying their full prices.This place isn't all its hyped up to be. I will say that I loved the DJ. He was spinning so great old school funk and hiphop, which I really appreciated. But the area designated for the dancefloor was too small and it was way to lit up for me. It was basically a dining area that had been cleared out for dancing late at night. It was hard as crap to actually get a drink. The bar is tightly packed and because the place is so small, so many people clamor around trying to get drinks at the same time, making a huge hassle. Also, there was this really hype guy who wouldn't stop bothering mine and the table of women next to us. He kept bothering us and trying to get us to dance, and none of us where feeling him. Honestly, I love dancing, but if I keep getting nagged about it, I'm not going to want to. We left after an hour. I liked that they had cheap cocktails for Caribbean Week, but they ran out of the drink I wanted sooooo. All in all, I probably won't come back. Shrug.A bar with over 50 selections of rum? I'm in!
The atmosphere was laid back, dim and sexy.
I did not have anything to eat but, the drinks were super fantastic.
I will say parking is not the greatest because of the area it is in.
One suggestion would be for additional seating.My boyfriend, his parents and I went to Rum Bar after going to a show at the convention center this Sunday. We didn't realize it when we made the reservation, but Restaurant Week had begun that day. The reason we chose Rum Bar was because we had a gift certificate from Restaurant.com. However, because it was Restaurant Week, we were unable to use the gift certificate. 
Rum Bar offered a 4 course dinner for the $35 Restaurant Week price, which wasn't bad. While we waited for our table, we sat at the bar and ordered some drinks. I had the Hemingway which was a semi-tart fruity rum drink that came in a big margarita glass. It was really strong and yummy. My boyfriend's mom had the regular mojito and he and his dad both had the painkiller number 2 (the least strong). The painkiller came in a huge coffee mug that looked like you could eat a bowl of soup out of it. I can't imagine what the higher levels of alcohol were like because that was strong. My bf likes Pina Coladas and the painkiller was what was recommended by the bartender for something similar to that.
For the first two courses I had the caesar salad (very good) and the mussels which came in a white sauce with spicy bread. Also very delicious. I got the Vieja Roja which was shredded pieces of flank steak over yellow rice and topped with guacamole. When I ordered it I wasn't expecting it to be shredded meat in a bowl, but I still liked it. For desert I had the banana quesadilla, which was really gross. It was a little quesadilla filled with what looked like refried beans (was really chocolate) sitting in a puddle of maple syrup. The other options were flan and rice pudding, which I don't think I would have liked either. 
Just a word to the wise, if you are planning on getting the calamari, be prepared for a spicy hot experience. It was delicious, but most of the people in my group couldn't eat it because the sauce poured over the calamari was too spicy for them. 
I don't typically eat Caribbean food, but this was a nice change after all the Italian and American restaurants I've been eating at lately. Plus I'm leaving for Jamaica in a week and I figured this would get us in an Island-y mood. I would recommend for their drinks and appetizers. Deserts weren't too great.I've only been here for happy hour, and maybe it was just this one particular bartender, but their rum and cokes should be called "90% rum and a splash of coke". Strong!Great concept, just be warned that the bar's very cramped. On a weekend you need to get very skinny to make it to the bathroom in the back. Good for a once-in-a-while break from the usual.A welcomed change from the typical Irish pub.
Here in Philly, to say that we have an abundance of Irish pubs and dives would be a severe understatement. It's part of our culture and heritage. On top of that, we're seeing a growing number of wine bars too... which don't get wrong, I'm a wino and will go any chance I get. 
That being said, many of us look to shake things up a bit when it comes to finding a new and different experience for that evening or late night drink. We've all been to a club or cheap bar where the drinks are watered down or mixed with well bottles, but this is not the case. 
For a little extra money, you get skilled bartenders, a just plain neat atmosphere (think warm mod), and rum drinks that will knock those socks off. 
My wife and I went there after catching a performance of Macbeth at the Philadelphia Shakespeare Theater just a block away. Very glad we did.Outstanding gay night every third Thursday. This is the perfect place to bump into other professional, urbane, gay, socialites. My experience was awesome the bartender introduced us to new drinks and the first two rounds were on the house!! It had to be planned and it worked because between the generosity and the excellent heavy handedness in the proportions of alcohol had me coming back for more!! The only neg. the Jamaican beef patty was dry and served with sour cream out of all things. You would think that an establishment with the name Rum Bar would be synonymous with more authentic Caribbean food. What the menu needs is something that people Will go to the Rum Bar for besides the awesome drinks. The decor is minimal which is nice no need foe clutter bug eye sores. Overall I give this place a B+I love this place but not the food very much.  The drinks are amazing and they literally have every rum that you could dream of.  My first trip was during Restaurant week and the food was the LEAST eventful to say the least.  I do LOVE the empanadas.  Best I have tasted since Argentina.  The atmosphere is a bit cramped.  I think it would be best to scrap the "dining area" and make it more like a bar- but to each its own.  If you and your buddies, gf/bf, roommate, etc. just want some good drinks and tasty appetizers this is a great option.  They also have pretty sweet happy hour specials that I LOVE to take advantage of.  Tip the bartenders they are super cool.  
:)The drinks and service at Rum Bar are fantastic.  The server's suggestions were on point every time, though sadly we decided to stop after four cocktails each.  I will be trying to recreate each one at home for years to come, I'm sure.
The food is adequate, and again, the server's recommendations are right on.  
This review only applies to Sunday nights, however.  Been there twice on a Saturday and was not at all impressed. The quality of service and drinks definitely plummets when there's a crowd.I went to Rum Bar for the first time with my sister on a Friday night. I had a livingsocial coupon that was going to expire pretty soon, we had no trouble making the reservation, and when we got there were seated right away. The dining area in the back is pretty small and parties of twos are seated pretty close together. The livingsocial coupon was a great deal, especially when we saw what our bill would have been (over $100). 
Food: We ordered the ceviche (pretty small and spicy, but ok) paella was ok, the salmon was dry, sides were yucca and maduros, both very tasty. We both decided the food was ok, but definitely not worth some of the prices. 
Drinks: I had a mojito, good and strong, she had a daiquiri also good, but the mojito was better. 
I will definilty be back for the drinks and probably only when they have specials, since the drinks are about $12-$15 each.The atmosphere was nice, but the was about the extent of the positive aspects of Rum Bar.  The drinks were incredibly watered down.  They were over-iced and under boozed.  At $11 a pop, the drinks were such a waste.  
The food was incredibly bland.  The Cubano Egg Rolls were okay, but our main dishes had absolutely no flavor.  We had to ask for salt and pepper to spice things up.  Personally, when I am out for Latin food, I expect flavor.  My friend and I had the Mofongo with pork.  The plantain mixture tasted like nothing, and the pork had no sauce.  My fiance had pulled flank steak over a flavorless rice.  We had the Yuca fries (literally tasted like unseasoned potatoes) and jicama slaw (had a strange taste to it) for sides.  My friend's fiance had the only redeeming meal of the night:  The Cubano sandwich....if only we had all ordered that.
Fortunately, we had a coupon from livingsocial.com.  If we hadn't, I would have been absolutely furious about the disappointing experience.  Thankfully, the good company made up for the less than steller meal.I decided to try this place on a Tuesday night.  Honestly, I went because I had a restaurant.com gift certificate for $25 and I was near it.  When the two of us sat down, we were greeted by our friendly sever and given time to make that hard decision, which drink to order!  Their rum drink selection is vast and they all sound good (except the Tiki drinks, they just sound tacky and too sweet to me).  Unfortunately, on Tuesday, they were out of the rums vital to making my first AND second mojito choices so I decided to settle for a traditional mojito.  Yeah, I know, a rum bar out of rum.  WTF!  Well , I had two since they were indeed very good.  I plan to return on a Monday since they're half price then and I can really afford to get hammered.  Anyone want to join me?
The food menu is ok, not the most expansive but definitely one that reads well as tempting.  My first choice was the scallops, oh-guess what the server had to joke "we're out of them too!"  I don't blame him, poor guy.  So I asked for the BBQ baby back ribs and for the chipotle sweet potato mashies to go with it instead of the rice that normally does, and they were cool with that.  The mashed potatoes were AWESOME.  The ribs however, were only OK.  Not tender really, but tasty.
My friend got the pork medallions but we later remembered he didn't get his fresh peaches with it, that were promised (and they were a major part of the selling point in the menu description).  They were good but not a plenty and accompanied with some spicy mac and cheese which was alright.  Really small portionof pork for an $18 entree.   We both got a bit of some zucchini Au gratin and their chipotle corn bread which were good.
By the time we got our food, the place was filling up and our server, the only server, was definitely in the weeds.  He was good but took a long  time to get the 2nd round of drinks in, and my friend noticed the chef coming out, often, to drink at the bar.  Hmmm.
All in all, it was a decent experience thanks to the friendly and informative server and of course, thanks to our $25 gift certificate... oh yeah, and the stretch of time between ordering and getting our meals was well spent trying out my friends new iPhone app. that offers up random Mr. T quotes (iPity) that truly made the night wonderful.This is a nice spot, small. Good food and da Rum............Rum Bar is closing it' s doors on Saturday, September 29, 2012!!! Come out for one last rum and coke if you can!if you done don't know: listen up: TUESDAYS.
$2 rum and cokes ALL NIGHT 
$3 well drinks
$3 beer + shot of rum in it. 
and I wanna say half off draft beers
it's the one night of the week where I feel like a baller. I can shout "drinks on me, hos!" and not be joking.This is a pretty decent, but tiny, place.  We had reservations and used our Livingsocial voucher here ($30 for 1 app and 2 entrees). The drinks were expensive but good, most are in the $10-13 range. The food was also good, as was the service.
For the money, there are probably less cramped restaurants in the area, but the food and drink were on par.The dark and stormy here is AMAZING!  Get it.
Rum Bar is pretty small and seemed like it got pretty crowded, but its a really cool place to try different and new rum based cocktails.
The nachos here are pretty good too :)A good friend of mine lives right above the bar, so I met him here for a few drinks. I'm not normally a big rum drinker (tequila...yes please), but I will indulge now and again. Figured I go the mojito route, and I enjoyed them...not as much as the kind you can get in Miami, but above average for the city. I liked the "house" variety with cucumber...refreshing! And strong...I had three and was feeling no pain. A fourth would have put me in lampshade hat territory. 
I didn't try any of the food, so I can't comment there...the crowd was light at the time so it felt very relaxed and chill. I can see it getting crowded and rowdy, and I wouldn't like that so much.
The bartenders were great...friendly, knowledgeable, and attentive without hovering (especially hard to do when it isn't so crowded). They didn't even seem to mind when I stirred my straw a bit too hard and sent my drink spilling all over (I always find a way to embarrass myself).
They also had some beers on tap, but that clearly is not the focus here (nor should it be). If you aren't in the mood for rum, you may want to try another place...but if you go into a place called "Rum Bar" and get annoyed at the non-rum selections, well, I don't know what to tell you.
I could see myself coming here again, especially as an early stop in the evening. Worth a visit!The Rum Bar is a good place to go and get some drinks.  Mojito Monday is definitely the way forward, as the Mojitos are far more justifiable at half price.
There is a good selection of rums, although I can't imagine some of the higher end stuff ($300 bottles) ever really gets sold and is merely there to make the place a little more pretentious.
Intriguingly, I've had the Rum Coriander here and also made it at home following their recipe on the NBC10 website.  I used bog standard Bacardi but my home made version was still better than what I received at the bar, odd but true.  The mojitos are great though.  The food looks good, though I've never tried it.
My only worry about this place is how long it will be around, it always seems to be pretty empty whenever I'm in there.Was in for my second visit last night to redeem my Living Social gift certificate.  Even more impressed second time around.  We got there an hour before our reservation and hung out at the bar.  As usual, the gigantic book of all things rum captures your attention.  We spent about five minutes looking through before we were able to make a decision.  I went with a mojito and my fiance chose the Bahama mama, which came in the funky tiki mug.  Both were outstanding.  That was where we splurged for the evening, moving to the $3 rum & cokes and bay breezes for the remainder of our stay.  We also grabbed some chips and guacamole to snack on while we waited.  The guac was really nice.  Had a spice to it that was a nice break from the more mild guac I'm used to.  The chips were nice and hot too, which is always a plus.
After an hour we decided to take our seats for the dinner reservation.  Got the Cuban eggrolls with mustard aioli for our app.  The taste was ridiculous.  Definitely sad when it was all gone.  For dinner, I got the paella, which had of chorizo, chicken, mussels and calamari.  Now I was questioning my decision a little because last time I got paella with calamari I nearly lost my appetite.  Don't get me wrong, I love calamari, but there's a big difference between fried and not fried calamari.  Was ecstatic to see that this paella had small rings, not the gigantic ones I had elsewhere.  As for the overall taste, it was delicious.  There was a very noticeable taste of curry that I really enjoyed.  Wasn't the biggest meal but the flavor was through the roof.  Finished our meal with some tres leches cake that was the perfect way to wrap things up.   Great taste and texture.  
Overall, it was a very enjoyable experience.  Can't complain about any of the drinks or the food.  Everything was great.  This may quickly become one of my favorite places to go in the city.  Can't wait to get back here.Okay, so I've been here a few times, but went for the first time sober just last week. I went on $2 Tuesday which is admittedly a rad concept: certain beers for $2, $2 rum and coke, $2 chicken fingers, and some other $2 options. COOL. I dig. 
But it was weird. The food was not great, the drinks were subpar, and there was a centipede crawling on the booth. 
Still the mojitos are good. The whole place is really meh for me.Came here on a Saturday night around 11 after spending the afternoon/night at a couple concerts. I was worried it would be packed after reading some of the reviews, but my girlfriend and I were pleasantly surprised by the amount of seats still open. The bartender told us to grab a seat where ever and that a waitress would be with us soon.
We decided on watermelon rum punch, which were on special for the night for $7 (you can expect to pay 10-15 for most of their drinks, but they do have some good deals and happy hours so check their site for that!). I liked the drink, but she thought it tasted too much like a lemonade or iced tea, so I ended up drinking the two. Don't let the short glass fool you, they are wide and the drinks are strong! She ended up getting a sangria that also had some golden rum in it, which sounded weird to me but was also really good. I think that was $11, which isn't bad but it also wasn't a huge glass or anything.
I'd really like to try their full menu, but we only made it for their late night one. Still, there were some good options. I got some mac and cheese pie, which was essentially mac and cheese with bacon, chipotles, and it was in a spicer sauce. It was really good and only 5 bucks, and we also got some crabcakes that weren't too bad either!
We will definitely be back to hit some more drink specials here!Rum Bar is a Yum Bar.    So take Cuba Libre, lower the prices to what they should be shrink it down to the just the bar remove the pretense and you get Rum Bar.   Went out on a sat night  with a buddy to celebrate out new jobs.    They servers actually have been trained about the difference between the varieties of rums.  The waitress helped me pick out some great rums that we both enjoyed.  The Yucca and Plantains  were prepared the  traditional way as they should be.  Dinner was great, and the servers were attentive, and made sure we had a enjoyable dinner.If you want a great night of drinking and fun, Rum Bar is the place to go. The venue is pretty small but the bar is in the middle of everything and the music is always enjoyable on a Saturday night. They had delicious $5 dollar specials and Zack and Lee were great bartenders! The Mojitos and Rumbarrels are crowd pleasers and Zack was fantastic. A great place to go to have a drink and hang out with friends!went here with a couple friends after a long week, left very merry after a great drink (i'm a lightweight and it was strong!). i'd definitely go back again.I am definitely coming back here. Strong drinks, good music and great attention from staff. Their rum list was amazing...I didnt know that many rums existed! I sat there for a second, taking it all in before I could try to pick something. I would tell you how great the drinks were that I had but honestly...I can't remember their names. Hah.
They even helped us find a cab/our DDs when we were leaving. Rum is my favorite liquor, so I am glad this place wasnt a dud, or I would have been very sad!Food was average. Started with a very good curry nacho appetizer. Friendly service but needs improvement.The food was nothing but bar food. Poorly thought out and executed. Also, I had dinner for only two people and a 18% gratuity charge was automatically included. Not a fan.Went here for a pre-helium comedy club dinner and was pleasantly surprised with the food and drinks. It was a Wednesday so I tried a few of the half priced daiquiris. They were a little too sweet but our waiter was able to adjust to my liking after the first round. These daiquiris pack a punch so watch yourself.
I tried the nachos and mussels as an appetizer. We added chorizo to the nachos which was delicious. I really enjoyed the avocado cream which worked even better than sour cream. The mussels were also delicious and fresh tasting. Just the perfect amount of spiciness in the broth, good stuff. I also had their version of a burger which came with yuca fries (pretty bland). The burger was made with a couple different kinds of meats and was cooked well.
Overall very pleasant experience so I plan to come back for some of their other nightly drink specials.Ok where do I start with this....
1 - we were there on a night that wasn't overly busy and there were out of at least 2 of the items that we wanted to order. 
2 - our friend had a reservation for her birthday in the front table near the window, and NO waitress....what?! So we had to get up and go to the bar for all of our food and drink, AND we had to bus our teeny tiney side tables the whole night as well.
3 - bathrooms.....::gag:: were ::gag:: h o r r i b l e.
4 - the food came in really small portions, for the price, totally not worth it.
the saving grace for the evening...
the drinks tasted good and they have a good selection of rum (shocker since it's called Rum Bar)!
Either way, I definitely won't be going back here when the 2 bars to the left I know already are WAYYYY better.Went here for dinner. Nothing was wrong that I could put my finger on, but I felt cheated by the overall experience. $40 for a pitcher of watery, so-so mojitos? Nah. $100 for dinner for two (not including tip) sitting at the bar, for B- food? Not for me.Physically felt ill following eating here.  If you want to come for dinner, don't.  The food did not have well balanced flavor. I got nachos (could have made better at home with REAL cheese), the tilapia (rice so sweet on the side it should have been a dessert and not coupled with a fish, sauce tasted like diluted frozen orange juice), and the ropa viego (previously eaten dogfood.)
The TUMS following dinner was the best thing I ate that night.
Drinks were ok (A lager is a lager, and the mojito could have used unwilted mint).
The server tried, but was responsible for all the tables.I have nothing but love for this place. Maybe it is because I got to hang out with the owner as he talked me through rums of the world. Or maybe it was because I tried lots (uhhh, maybe too many) drinks that I would not have ordered if I had just been sitting at the bar with my friends. Regardless, he took good care of me and my group, and I loved it so much that I want to have a Yelp event there. That's how impressed I was.
I first ordered the Raspberry Mojito, which was amazing. I am pretty much a raspberry nut, though, so I'd order that wherever I go. Then they convinced me to try their new Strawberry Mojito, which isn't even on the menu yet. Simply put, it is a taste sensation. A party in your mouth. A heavenly experience. And I don't even care for strawberries, so I mean what I say.
I also tried a Mai Tai...good but too strong for me. And the cachaca (Brazilian rum) mixed with sugar & mint...wow. Just try it. It's yummy.
The seared diver scallops with blood oranges and the pork medallions with fresh peaches were also perfect. Oh, and there's a life-sized pirate in the front of the place. Ahoy matey...I'll be back here soon for sure.
Probably in a few hours.