Without hesitation, the service was very accommodating and what I did get to experience was mostly tasty...but my first and only experience was in a group of twelve so I want to go back when I can actually try the food rather than fighting for the forkfuls that would make their way to me. I think I will pass on dessert though.An extremely poor value. Food quality and selection were terrible. They are serving third rate meats and seafood for first rate pricing. Example: Kingfish, which is a type of Mackerel was priced at $27. The taste was so foul I had to send it back to the kitchen. The Brisket was flavorful but for $29. Really? The scallop and pasta first course which included one scallop was $17. Need I say more... Save your money and your taste buds, folks.Solid place, although, truthfully, I left kind of underwhelmed. Menu changes daily but looked online that week and menu had been re-posted from prior  time I checked, (Menu was dated 2.16; and we went 2/18) and, unf., both of the appetizers I wanted weren't there.  Entree that super-picky dining dove (SPDD) would have wanted, also not there. Strike 3. Boo. Wound up splitting Papperdelle with Beef Ragu for app. because no other really appealed to me and I thought SPDD would like this. Well, he loved it (beef not really my thing pasta was superfresh)--and he says he's not a pasta eater! 
For entrees, I loved mine: Red Snapper, cooked perfectly minus that super sharp fish bone spike that could have killed me. Seriously though that happens...fishies have bones...not kitchen's fault. Perfect size dish; perfect flavors. Dove did not care for his veal shank but, again, gotta take with grain of salt, he's a superpick--it was good IF you like that sort of roast with carrots (amazing--didn't even taste like a cooked carrot) and potatoes (although no potatoes :) sunchokes over creamy polenta I believe). 
Desserts were good but my chocolate budino lacked complexity or pizazz, meaning it was a one-note item, tasted like a delicious brownie was all. A delicious brownie is not something to kick out of the table. However, could have gotten elsewhere for same flavors half price. For $10 or so a dessert, you should be wowed. Dovey loved his pumpkin ice cream with ginger snap. Coffee was excellent although they were out of decaf for me :). 
BYOB, of course, a great selling point, and it's proximity to Merriam and Kimmel theatres as wel. So, it is a 4-star place but given cost and lack of appealing menu items (for my palate, I realize verrrry verrrry subjective), I would return only if I could view that day's menu; and needed someone to go if have to get to theatre and most other places booked. That said, worth a try for you if you can view menu--I imagine if you hit here, you *could* hit big. We did not, unfortunately.The food was alright.  I had some eggs for brunch and it was a little undercooked. He barely checked on us and food did not come out together. We had a table of 6. The worst part was when the waiter charged our credit card twice. Very disorganized and pricy for what we got.I'm sad to report that I was pretty disappointed by my experience at Russet.  It was really more of a 2.5, but I'm rounding up since they're new and I'm giving them the benefit of the doubt.
My husband and I arrived, walked in, and a waiter was standing right by the reservation kiosk.  I said hi, expecting him to take our name and seat us.  Instead, he looked at me and awkwardly walked away.  Ok...  After standing there for a few more minutes, the maitre d' finally walked over and seated us.
As noted in previous reviews, the bread was very good--foccacia with olive oil.  But it lacked a little bit of thought; there were only three small pieces for the two of us.  We then ordered the gorgonzola ravioli ($12) and house-cured coppa ($12) for appetizers.  The ravioli was the standout of the night.  The depth of flavor was incredible and the raviolis were very pillowy.  I only wish there were more of them!  Only five smallish ones came per order.  The coppa was also good.  The meat was served on a crostini with scallions and clementines.  I thought the idea of adding citrus fruit was brilliant, until I tasted then and they strangely lacked any flavor when paired with the meat.
The entree course was the real disappointment of the night though.  When we first sat down, my husband noted that it seemed odd for such a nice restaurant to have salt on the table.  We came to see why--you had to add your own seasoning to make the entrees taste like something!  My husband and I split the cotechino ($27) and lamb ($30), and both were grossly under-seasoned.  The cotechino was undoubtedly the better of the two.  It was served with a delicious mustard sauce and the ground pork was wrapped in cabbage.  The cabbage added great flavor, but when you took a bite of the pork without it, the pork lacked flavor.  Additionally, the turnips that it was served with were unevenly cooked.  Some of them were great, but most of them were hard and uncooked.  This seemed like a very amateur move.  The lamb was incredibly bland--even when we added the salt from the table, it still didn't add much.  It was served with a potato gratin that was fine, but unspectacular--and again under-seasoned.  It was unnecessarily topped with pea shoots that added nothing besides color.
Although we were originally planning on having dessert, we were so disappointed by the entree course that we decided to skip it.  With so many other excellent choices in the city, it is highly unlikely that we would return to Russet.  We also thought that the prices were a bit high--both appetizers that we had should have been priced at $9-10.  And the halibut, which we skipped, was $35--for halibut!!!  If you're looking for a nice night out at a small BYOB, try Farm & Fishman, Fond, or Pumpkin instead.Five friends and I came here for a birthday dinner. We enjoyed ourselves and ended up staying well after all other patrons had left the dining room, and the server never once tried to rush us or pressure us to leave. She was extremely professional and patient!
I ordered the bass with potatoes, celeriac and pesto, which was delicious and the perfect portion size. My friends weren't as crazy about their meals, but everyone agreed the food was high quality and the service even better. Highly recommended.Visited the resturant with a party of 8 on NYE. The menu was a 5 course pre fix menu which was great.  Our server, Tony could not have been better.   He happily put our BYOB on ice and began to explain the courses to us.   The lobster salad ( not your Maine style) was different and delicious. Chunks of lobster mixed with a dressing placed back into the shell, very good.  Chestnut ravioli was good as well, some at the table thought it my have been a bit too salty but still good everless.  The lamb entree was cooked to perfection, great flavor and good portion.  Last but not least was my favorite dessert, ginger cake.  Everyone at the table wanted to try and I had to hold them off.  All in all could not have asked for better food and service.  We're heading back to the resturant the end of January with a different party of 8. I'm sure everything will be just as good. Looking forward to returning!!!Great BYO  in the heart of downtown. The servers were very friendly and accommodating for our girls brunch last week. They kept our champs cold and flowing and served with freshly squeezed juice. The food was good all around. And they served my paleo friend a plate of bacon with a candle. Fresh local ingredients were varied. Omelettes and soup and pork hash. 
I'd go back, more for the ambiance then the food.Have to see I had a pretty bad/mediocre experience here during restaurant week.  The service was fantastic, and I was pretty excited about a BYO at a nice place for restaurant week.  Unfortunately, it was a disappointment.  
Three of us ordered the pork belly for our main course, and Aaliyah ordered the fish.  My first bite of pork was delicious.  Unfortunately I soon discovered that was the only bite of non-solid-fat on the entire plate.  I understand pork belly is a fatty dish, but usually it's some meat, some fat.  Mine was literally 99% all fat.  Unfortunately, Aaliyah had already sent back her dish (not their fault, she didn't realize what type of fish she had ordered and they graciously allowed her to switch to a different option) so I felt like our table had met its quota of complaints.  In retrospect, I should have said something, but I also thing the chef who prepared the dish and the waiter could CLEARLY see it was an entire piece of fat.  The other two pieces were much better cuts and were delicious.  The appetizer and the entree were both fine, but nothing special.This might be the best farm to table in this fine city. So ingredient focused. Best pasta in the city easily. I think it's the best overall high end restaurant5 stars for the food.
1 for the service. Totally absent waitress. Not just not attentive, but she disappeared for 20 minutes after she filled our water, reappeared to take our order, and then only reappeared to deliver the check. Someone else delivered our food.
But the food was soooo good, I can hope the waitress was having a bad day, forgive the service, and round up....a lot.
My fam came here for brunch, and we were also licking our plates clean. I ordered the  breakfast panino of the morning and found it bursting with flavor. It hit all of the brunch high notes- salty, a little sweet, totally umami-y, but not greasy. The egg oozed a gorgeous yellow-orange when I bit into it, and I was in heaven. 
The cheesy grits were creamy and rich enough to share amongst  the 5 of us for just a few tastes each. My family always orders dessert, so we ordered the tart of the day, a semifreddo, and another dish whose identity escapes me. There were no leftovers.
I appreciate the seasonal approach of this place, but even more so, I appreciate the quality of execution of each dish. 
Now they really just need to work on that whole important customer service thing...This place is excellent.  Probably a 4.5.  I only docked ratings because the actual restaurant space is not my favorite and it is uncomfortably loud.  As for the food, hands down, some of the best I have had in a long time.  Just exquisite.  To start we had goat cheese ravioli, a version of a beet salad with hazelnuts and my dates had the parpadelle.  The portions were reasonable and the flavors were simple but just popped off the plate.  For entrees, we had the halibut and I had scallops that were substituting for the branzino.  Both were accompanied by caramelized vegetable sauces which once again were simple but delicious.  For dessert we had the chestnut cake and the apple dish.  I felt these were just okay but dessert is not my favorite part of any meal.
Overall, truly impressed with this place.I have been to Russet 3 times. I enjoyed myself the first two times, but my most recent trip was outstanding.  The service was great, attentive but not annoyingly so.  And the food. YUM! I went with a group of six, and we were able to try most of the menu items. I would have ordered almost every single one of them again. Delicious! Great job Russet. Thanks again!I cannot believe this restaurant isn't rate higher. This is probably my favorite restaurant in Philadelphia, right up there with Noord. I've now been there twice for special occasions and both times the food was overwhelmingly good and the service fantastic. 
The second time most recently, we were with a group of seven and I must have seen 3 different waiters bringing items out, replenishing our water, asking us if we needed anything. It was nuts, but in a great way - it wasn't overbearing. Everyone at our table loved everything brought out and it was an excellent opportunity for me to try almost there entire menu, since we all ordered different things. The food is amazing! The menu is a little non-descriptive, but when the dish comes out the flavor combos and deliciousness on your plate - brilliance. I'm getting hungry just writing this. 
It is pricey, I'll say that. Which is why the only times I've gone were for birthdays. You're talking easily $40-50 per person just for a small app and dinner. But I have always left pleasantly full and I'm a big person with a big appetite. It's also a BYO, come on!Favorite BYO in Philly! Fantastic, creative food. Constantly changing menu based on fresh ingredients chef finds personally. Hosted the rehearsal dinner for my wedding and an extended party afterward. Of every vendor we worked with for the wedding, they were the most helpful, responsive and generous. Please support these wonderful people and have a great time!!!I have a Wednesday night supper club and we came here a few weeks ago. We were all very excited to eat here. We each ordered every course, and ordered something different. Nothing was overwhelmingly good. For the money, go somewhere else.Four course prix fixe for $35 is a super deal. BYO is certainly helpful. Atmosphere is interesting, in a living room of a brownstone. The AC didn't seem to work as expected so we all took our shirts off. No. No we didn't. But it was a relief to get outside (which was cooler.....in August).  Food was very good - dessert was baller.
I'd go back.We went here recently and had the most delicious meal! 
There were numerous items I wanted from the appetizer list but we decided on the prosciutto and cheese tray. Both were delicious. 
Entree's were also wonderful.  My boyfriend had the Italian sausage and I the red snapper. The proportions were well sized and we were both full after our meal. 
I love that the menu is small and changes daily. The menu and restaurant were green and fresh w/o shoving it in your face. 
I look forward to going back!Visiting last evening with a friend upon his recommendation, I was most pleased with most offerings, albeit with a few reservations.
First of all, the sesame bread was the best ever and a recipe I'd love to make for my guests. We asked for three refills of the demitasse-sized basket and wish they had it for take out.  
Our appetizers were the gnocchi and the lovely fried mushroom crepe promised to be crispy but unfortunately not. For the $16 price tag, not worth it for a fungi pancake. I felt ripped off on that one. The gnocchi, however,  were excellent.
We always both do halvsies on entrees. I had the fluke and he had sea bass. Most definitely, someone back-of-house knows how to cook fish (once best described as "being walked through a warm kitchen by a slow waiter") as both were to perfection.
The veggies were not the best. Spinach/kale blend (to the best of my recollection) was under cooked and too chewy for for further effort. The white turnips and carrot were also on the less-  digestible side and went back.
Our pear tart offered a lovely sweet creme finish with its hint of bleu cheese topped with roasted pears in a brown butter crust.
Our waitress lovely and service attentive but not intrusive. Big points there.
Biggest memories of the evening: the sesame bread, perfect fish and lovely waitress.
CPSpectacular meal.  This BYOB restaurant is a real gem.Wow, what a great find! My wife and I met some friends in the city and ended up going to Russet for dinner. We were looking for a fresh farm to table restaurant, and this was a gem! The service was great, the food was awesome, and it's a BYOB in the city. We will be going again soon!A beautiful setting! Warm and welcoming. Not an extensive menu but the options were a good mix of seafood, poultry, pasta and meats. Three of us ordered different plates so we can get a tasting of their offerings and each one was fresh, flavorful and perfectly prepared. I enjoyed the radicchio salad and the sea bass. The service was excellent as well! Will return for sure!The moment you walk in, you appreciate the charming ambiance of the place. 
Although we had reservations at 11am, we didn't get a copy of the menu until 11:15am...I think they were literally running them off the printer while we ordered our fresh-squeezed orange juices (which were delicious!).
We ordered from the ever-changing menu: 
Winter spiced salami 
Will's north carolina style biscuits and sausage gravy
Georgia whole shrimp and grits
All were delicious, but I particularly loved the shrimp and grits. You can't go wrong here and I can't wait to come back.Went with a group of 5 for brunch for our first time  on Saturday 3/21/15. Three of us ordered a biscuit, fried egg and gravy entree. We were delivered very noticeably burnt, broken and dry biscuits. We returned them in the hope that they would give us edible biscuits. Instead they gave us the same burnt biscuits but flipped them over! Who does this? Did you think we wouldn't notice? 
I immediately noticed this and declined to eat the food. A manager never presented themselves to the table to address this. After asking our server (who was a pleasure) a woman (who served us the burnt biscuits, then same burnt biscuits but flipped over) stated she was the manager, and told us the biscuits were removed from the order, in a very "we helped you out, be thankful" kind of way. Not all all apologetic or thanking us for our patience and business. I worked in very professional restaurants and I've never seen anything like it. 
If you're going for brunch, good luck!Excellent BYOB with phenomenally great farm to table food. Warm & comforting ambiance. Starters:3 had ravioli with egg, ricotta & 5g black truffles (both inside & on top of ravioli)($32),well worth it, deliciously silky creamy butter/cream sauce,cut into the pasta & sunny side egg bursts out, mixing with the cream, truffles, etc. Ask for a spoon for this dish; memorable bite. Tuna carpaccio: buttery tonno meets creamy eggs & tart beets, great; Cauliflower gratin: A++; pork belly: incredibly tender. Scallops: fresh, sweet, perfectly cooked with earthy carrots,onions & potatoes. Desserts are just as special, esp. anything with ice cream. BYOB makes splendid dining reasonable & good for lacto/ovo vegetarians & carnivores alike.Russet is one of those gems installed in the front rooms of an old up-scale row house in Philadelphia. 
If you know anything about the arcane liquor laws of Pennsylvania, you'll know there is a whole sub-section of creative and nouvelle themed restaurants that operate as BYOB's because it is beyond impossible to do otherwise.  This has resulted in a wonderful group of places dedicated to producing high-quality unique fare. Russet is clearly a jewel in that crown.
Menu's change with much regularity because of their dedication to farm fresh and availability of  ingredients, so our meal most likely won't be yours. This makes it imperative that you check when you make your reservation-and you WILL need one-so you can pair your wine with the night's fare.
They are very adept and equipped with the right glassware so bring what you like or test your ability to match your wine with their creative cuisine.  It's all great fun.
The staff is  an melange of uber friendly college students and artists who are interesting and fun to chat with.
The space does have one problem: with a large group or a full house, the noise level is definitely loud, but this shouldn't stop you from experiencing a real gem.Terrible!  No wonder this place had a table open on a Saturday afternoon for a Saturday evening reservation.  Bad service and very inconsistent food.  The small menu lists only 5 main courses, and we were informed that 2 of the 5 items were not available that evening. I wish I could forget the truly awful vegetable gratin which tasted as if it had been baked earlier in the week and then microwaved and served to me half-cold.  And all this after an overly long (at least half an hour) wait following the appetizers.  Someone in the kitchen should be ashamed.  The dessert was similarly disappointing - a tiny, stale, cold piece of chestnut "cake" (reminded me of a mini-muffin one might purchase in a supermarket).  Avoid!Small menu of fresh local produce, excellent flavour combinations particularly the gnocchi starter. Service felt a bit rushed - 30 seconds between appetiser and main course! Good atmosphere.The food is delicious (5stars). The service is less than one star. We have dined here twice. We decided to give the serve staff a second chance (since the food was so wonderful). Both times the wait staff disappointed! The owners should take the time to observe the front of the house, it truly ruins the experience. Due to this I would have to only give 2 stars (the front of the house is just as important as the back).Went here pre show at the Kimmel Center last night. 
Great experience.  Nice setting wonderful staff and terrific food.   BYOB and farm to table so the menu is constantly updating.   We shared butternut dish ravioli to start.  I had lamb shoulder and wife had halibut.   All was delicious. The only minor room for improvement was the coffee.  Seemed really weak to me.I am bummed to write this review as I really wanted to enjoy our meal.  Some of our meal was really good - the appetizers and desserts were solid.  Trout tartare, ramp ravioli, and duck papardelle were outstanding, but the rest was equally disappointing.  The pork was sliced so thin that it belonged on a sandwich, scallops were inedible and duck, while flavorful was tough.  One of our meals was sent back and we barely received an apology or anything on the bill to acknowledge the error.  If they stick to more of what works on the appetizers or the rhubarb tart, they'd be better off - - and perhaps a consult to a local restaurateur on how to execute better service.Had a party of 8 for Sunday supper, main course of rabbit was served at less than room temperature in 3 of 7 platings.chI went with my friend for restaurant week. All the food we had was absolutely delicious. Loved that it was a BYOB. Waitress was great as well. Only part we weren't crazy about was our bill was more than the restaurant week prices as we did not see the fine print on some menu items that were extra $$ to have.This is my buddy's favorite restaurant which is why I insisted on trying it despite its 3.5 stars. I was really impressed with Russet. The hosts are very professional and polished, the ambiance is quaint, unique, clean. The servers were personable and efficient.
The food was excellent. I had the homemade pasta, the trout, and the chocolate cake. My cousin had the celery soup and said it was outstanding. She also had the lamb and was impressed. 
All in all, I'm unsure what happened previously that people deemed this just an okay experience. We dine pretty frequently, and this was definitely an above average dinner. Definitely give it a try :)The food was good, but the portions were incredibly small for the price; almost pathetic. The appetizer we ordered, a cucumber salad, was $10 for literally 1/3 of a chopped cucumber, 4 leafs of lettuce, and dressing. There was supposed to be wax peppers in the salad, but it didn't come with any at all, and when we told the server, we were not given anything for free, nor was there anything taken off the bill. The entrees were decent and flavor on point. The desserts were beautiful to look at and had excellent flavor, but again, the portions were laughably small for the price.We just enjoyed our fourth New Year's Eve at Russet and it seems to get better each year! Never a false note. Lovely cozy setting to complement the outstanding food.Um, hello Russet! Where the heck did you come from?! 
I've heard quiet rumors about Russet over the past few months but absolutely not enough to be as blown away as I was with my meal and dining experience. I'll start by saying that this place was adorable. It's nestled in the living/dining room of beautiful townhouse with high high ceilings and simple/inviting decor. Next, all of the menu items are based off of the ingredients the chef gets that week...which leads to a constant changing menu with the freshest of ingredients.
On to the food...
The appetizer winner had to be the chestnut pappardelle with guinea hen ragu. The pasta was paper thin and melt in your mouth. We later learned from the chef that not only did he use these native chestnuts mixed into the dish but he made his own chestnut flour to make the pasta. Talk about impressive. Not to mention, he shared the most incredible story with our table about how these chestnuts came from a 150 year old american tree which is very rare of chestnut trees. This story just made me love the restaurant even more.  
The main course winner was the goose leg confit. I had never had goose before and I am quite certain that I will never have it any better than at Russet. It was cozy and rich without being too heavy. I loved every part of this dish including the spaetzle served underneath. 
I can not wait to get back to Russet. I know the dishes I loved so much won't be there, but I am absolutely looking forward to trying a new creation on the menu that week. 
One more thing, it's BYOB so make sure to bring one of your favorite wines and enjoy!Russet is a great BYOB.  I came here for restaurant week and was not disappointed.  
The ingredients were super fresh, the flavors were very well balanced on the pork shoulder, and the desserts were divine.  I deducted one star for the appetizers on the restaurant week menu being a little underwhelming (the beets and lomo could were good but nothing special).  Service was attentive and not fussy.  The ambiance is on the more romantic side, so this would be a great date place.  In fact, I'm pretty sure the guy sitting behind me was a medical student attempting to woo a pretty gal with trout, wine, and talk of "antibiotics."  If I had to guess, he got lucky after bringing her here.
This is definitely a lovely dining establishment, and I'll be back to sample more of the rotating menu.  I wouldn't be surprised if another menu at another time would be worthy of five stars.Came here for lunch and it was delicious! Had the cheese plate (a bit pricey but really yummy especially the kunik). Followed by possibly the best apple oat muffin I've ever had (hubs even liked the raisins in them - a first!) The omelet was perfectly cooked with a nice herby salad on the side. My branzino had a lovely flaky skin and scrumptious vegetables covered in the juices of the fish. Friend had the duck egg with rave reviews.
A cute place with friendly service, will definitely come againCame here for a restaurant week dinner this week. Overall, am pretty impressed with this place! 
Not that many people I know talk about this restaurant, but I definitely think it is worth being talked about. Seasonal menus, and local farms... I love everything that the restaurant stands for. 
The ambiance definitely gets an A+ in my books. Stunning lighting, awesome coloring...the place is definitely on the smaller side, but it adds to the charm. Love the naturey and rustic feel. Kind of autumny too, which always puts me in a good mood.
I ordered the SWEET CORN RAVIOLI, EGGPLANT PARM, and ALMOND NECTARINE CAKE for my three courses. My favorite was definitely the sweet corn ravioli. So rich and tasty in a creamy white sauce. The eggplant parm was cooked well, and I liked the smoky quality about it. The skin was left on the eggplant, which I liked. The sauce and cheese to top it all off were both also great. The cake was only so-so. A pretty standard cake with some plate art. Nothing to rave about.
2/3 stellar dishes from the restaurant week menu. I liked how they had vegetarian options for all three courses (+1). 
Will definitely be recommending this place to friends who I know would appreciate the charm of this place. Not sure if I personally will be back, but I know I'll try to get some friends to try it out for sure!The food was great.   The menu small but offered excellent choices.   Service was great.   Since we were a large group we ate in the back room, away from the noise for a time.I have not eaten here for an actual dinner service. But... I was just there for a pasta making class. It was excellent.
We were given the opportunity to see the kitchen, watch and help make dough, then actually roll out and make many different types of pasta. 
The chef was very nice and knowledgeable.  The kitchen was very clean. We were given a complimentary glass of wine.  And after we made the pasta, the chef cooked it up.  The food was amazing.  Best pasta I have ever had.
I will definitely be returning for dinner and highly recommend the cooking classes.  Worth every penny.I've eaten here on multiple occasions over the course of the year. I treat each visit as if it were a "first" --because there is no "standard" menu. That fact adds to the excitement of each visit--and I'm never disappointed. More recently, I've switched my eating style to vegan. The dining staff and Chef Andrew accept the request for (and challenge of) preparing off-the-menu vegan meals with alacrity. I simply ask for an appetizer and main dish--giving free range to chef and crew to take me wherever their imaginations and that day's ingredients permit them to go. My vegan meals are exceptional. Thank you, Russet!Very rustic cute ambiance...brunch food is average. Service was rude. Will not be going back.I'll get to the food , but not until I comment on the people than own Russet.
Toward the end of dinner the one wine glass had gotten slippery and long story short a half glass of red wine spilled onto a man at the next table. The man was very gracious about it, and while it was a mistake, his camel hair jacket had red wine splotches on it. The owner of Russet took the jacket, and they started soaking up the wine with club soda. What happened after that I'm not sure because even though I insisted on paying the dry cleaning bill, I was told that the restaurant would take care of everything. I couldn't believe it. I've never had a restaurant handle a situation like that in my life. It wasn't their fault, yet they insisted on getting the jacket cleaned. Not only that, they bought us dessert, and when I offered to buy dessert for the other table the manager wouldn't hear of it. He mentioned to the table my gesture, but instead of me buying dessert, he bought the table dessert because of what happened. Maybe the nicest and most amazing thing I've ever seen at a restaurant in my life. You can't find nicer people to deal with than the people at Russet.
Ok, on to the food.
The table that got the wine bath all ordered the pasta's which they raved about. I will order that next visit, but I can tell you the duck prosciutto was outstanding. Also, the duck brest was a nice sized portion of perfectly cooked duck that came atop Winter root vegetables.
The butterscotch with quince was great, but I preferred the Niagara grape sorbet.
The only thing I would ask for when I go back is to be seated in the back room. At this time of year my tinittus is bad and the back room is a lot quieter than the front room.
They also validate at the Town Garage a block and a half away.Enjoyed a wonderful meal here with fabulous service and excellent meals.  Each of us enjoyed a different entre - the lamb, skate wing, beef, and halibut were all terrific.  The homemade bread was wonderful.  Everything was very fresh, the food came out quickly, we weren't rushed. Just a lovely experience!Came here for dinner on Saturday night. It's a cute, small restaurant with an interesting decor. 
We ordered the pea gnocchi as an appetizer and I ordered the seared sea bass.... Mouthwatering, deliciousness. I could eat that fish everyday. It was cooked perfectly. 
The window we were sitting next to had a boar hoof and horns which were butchered in their kitchen... so interesting. BYOB - bring a bottle!!
Service was a little slow though and there were maybe 10 other guests.I am not sure how this restaurant made it to my list, but it was there and is now crossed off. Ate there last night. The service could NOT have been slower.  We really couldn't have had dessert as the waiter (there were only two on and they were busy-ish) was gone for a half hour at a time.
The food, not quite another story.  The menu- odd, just odd, and I eat out in major cities four nights a week.  The  pastas, except for the ricotta ravioli, lacked flavor- salt, really.  Bland!  The Sformato (sp?) was decent. The papardelle and tagliatelle were weak.  The entrees were different, but only slightly. 
First of all, who wants to eat like a 10 oz. lamb Merguez sausage as their entree? if you are only going to have five or six entrees on the menu, this is an odd selection to add. Then, you eat it and are completely overwhelmed by sodium. All the salt missing from the pasta was found in the sausage.  My Golden Tilefish was served to me as "sushi". I sent a dish back to the kitchen for the second time in 20 years.
All in all, the experience was a zero.  The desserts looked interesting but we never got that far.I came to Russet for dinner with a few friends.  The ambience of the restaurant is very cozy with dim lighting and cute decorations.  Unfortunately, I wasn't a fan of the food.  I ordered the duck as it was highly recommended by the waiter.  The duck was incredibly salty and I needed to drink a couple of glasses of water to offset the saltiness.  The dishes at Russet are quite expensive - you can get better food for the price at other restaurants.I came here for dinner last night with the BF.   It was his treat for my birthday, and boy, what a treat.  This intimate BYO off a busy Center City street serves delicious, locally sourced food from a menu that rotates weekly.  The food is fresh and perfectly seasoned, the staff is friendly and warm, and the ambiance is terrific.  Definitely one of Philly's best kept secrets and a memorable dining experience.
We started with the White Bean Sformato and the Mortadella and Fig Ravioli.  His appetizer (the sformato) was creamy and delicious, especially with the smoked trout.  I didn't enjoy the greens, but they were still very crisp.  My ravioli was great: a little sweet, a little savory, and a great balance of flavor for the filling.  My main course, the Pan Roasted Hen with Carmelized Squash was unlike anything else I've ever had.  I rarely have chicken when I dine out, but this was among some of the best I've eaten.  The skin was crispy, the meat was juicy and flavorful, and the sides were savory and slightly salty.  It provided a great balance of flavor to the dish.  His veal leg with polenta and string beans was also terrific.  Dessert didn't disappoint either.  My ice cream sandwich with brown butter ice cream, nectarines, and shortbread was nothing short of amazing and one of the best desserts I've had (even without chocolate!).  Creamy, not overly sweet, and a robust mix of spices with sweetness.  Absolutely excellent.
I'm excited to come back here another time when the menu changes and I can try more of the great food that Russet puts out.  Not only does it taste great, but it's beautifully presented and artfully crafted.  It's also greatly enhanced by the friendly, warm, and attentive staff and the charming intimate decor and atmosphere that truly makes any night special.  I highly recommend Russet for a change of pace from the Garces and Starr restaurants.I made reservations for 11 am brunch here. I got here and the music was on but no one in sight. I waited for 10 min then finally called out and no one answered. I left to go to another restaurant and called 15 min later to inform them what happened, and they picked up the phone then hung up on me. I gave them a second shot a month later for restaurant week... Food was mediocre at best. The restaurant needs air conditioning. It is hot and uncomfortable. No thank youRusset is a nice spot, and I'd love to go back any time.Went there for brunch with a group of about 8. The food was ok, nothing special. Very plain. I asked the hostess for cream with my coffee and when I poured it in my coffee, it was all chunky!! So disgusting. I don't know how she didn't notice when she poured it in the creamer container. 
There are many places in Philly with much better brunches, and for a better price.BYOB, farm to table, amazing service, great food. Will definitely be going back! I absolutely love farm to table restaurants and this one is cute and cozy and serves great, fresh food. They serve Italian dishes but seems like they add some American flare to it. The staff was beyond nice and super friendly.Ah, I want to love Russet but I just can't. I went there tonight and while the food was delicious, the service was horrible! There ere two of us and we shared a 1st course and each ordered a 2nd course. All there dishes were excellent! Here's the bad news, our 'server' (although I'm not exactly sure who that was) didn't greet us, didn't clear our plates and when he presented the desert menu, didn't return for over 30 minutes. The inside in cute and the atmosphere is sweet, but he passed by our table SEVERAL times without a peep. Hello, we actually wanted to order desert. By the time the hostess of all people came by to ask if we wanted desert, we decided to leave and walk to capaggiro. Huge disappointment. 
I was just talking to a colleague about how even when you get bad service, you tip 20% and it doesn't give any signal that they need to improve. So, I decided to leave a 6% tip which was reflective of the service received. So sad because the food is so good!First and foremost, a good restaurant needs to serve good food. Russet failed on that dimension. I went with my girlfriend. To start we had the fish tartare and the pasta with goat. We enjoyed each. Then, disaster struck. We each ordered the veal shank, which was the most expensive item on the menu and the recommendation of our waitress. It was terrible. Without exaggeration, the meet was so tough my girlfriend could not cut hers. As I sawed through my meat and chewed each piece for up to a minute, I felt like I was eating cheap meat from a bad supermarket.This place is mediocre. I've been twice now but am unlikely to return. The food is fine, and the atmosphere is nice, but there are way better restaurants in the area...The wife and I had five plates total. I had the goat tartare and the striped bass with salsify and she had the tagliatelle with ramps and rabbit (including many, tiny bones) and the goat with crowder peas (which were inedibly salty). The seasoning was all over the place. Some items were salty, some were bland.
Service? Slow, not attentive and average. No menu descriptions (why not mention the source for your farm to table ingredients?) and no service. No wine or water pouring? Servers dropped off menus and plates and picked them up. Overall, not worth 20% tip though we left that anyways.
Overall, just underwhelming. Won't be going back.The worst culinary idea ever:  Strawberry Ravioli!  The chef that thought this up should be canned!  They brought this to us complimentary.  Horrible.The food here was terrific.  The service was friendly, cordial and professional.  The staff are true supporters of the owners and their mission.  And why not.  The success shows up on the plate.  My only complaint is the noise level.  I would love to go to a great restaurant that supports real conversations and is not just a place for
people to be glued to their phones.   Noise is the reason I entertain at home more and more.  I can source lots of fantastic food for home cooking now and the atmosphere is so much nicer.  I guess if you don't know how to cook you must go out to experience quality.We like to try new places and my sister selected Russet for an early dinner before the show for the four of us.  My GF and I arrived early, and the place smelled wonderfully like fresh ground coffee, they were in fact grinding for service. We were immediately seated and offered water, and we ordered some iced-tea and GF ordered a double iced-espresso which was better than our favorite, Chestnut Hill coffee.  Good start!
The menus, which apparently change frequently, are short and the descriptions concise, which is fine with us. Enough information to decide if you like the ingredients but not so flowery that they try to seduce you, that's left to the food.
We all ordered apps.  The zucchini and cheese ravioli was the best ever, the pasta was delightfully light melt in your mouth, and the flavors delicate (and not too much salt, thank you!).  We all tasted each others apps, and all agreed about the quality of the pasta.  The beet salad was also delicious as was the cauliflower sformato.
During dinner we consumed 3 or 4 bottles of sparkling (cold!) water, which looks and tastes/feels like they make it on site.  In this heat (90+) we were grateful, and no ice necessary.  Funny how you notice the small things at a fine establishment.
The entree's were also quite good.  My (wild) striped bass was cooked nicely.  My BIL had the same entree. The fennel that accompanied it was a wonderful strong flavor that supported the mild bass.  However the fennel core was left in and just too tough to consume (or cut).
GF had the scallops, cooked perfectly with a light sear.  These were very large scallops, mild in flavor. I only had one bite, mostly scallop, so can't describe everything else on the plate, but GF loved it.  Sister had the pappardelle as an entree and she enjoyed that too.
Both the apps and entrees are smaller than you might expect, but with the high quality we were not disappointed.  We all were able to enjoy a desert since we were not "stuffed".  And the deserts were also all wonderful.  The cherry clafouti was firm, not like a custard or flan, with some softly whipped cream. Since I've never tried this before I'm not sure if the texture is "correct" but it seemed a little bit dry. The strawberry-balsamic sorbet was absolutely stunning.  And the chocolate-black raspberry semifreddo was created with a light hand.  Don't miss the deserts!
Service was top notch.
We were never rushed (nice for a Friday night), when we needed a new bottle of fizzy water, it just arrived.
And when, near the end of our meal, we needed to hurry just a bit to make the show, no problem, the check was quickly delivered.
Many people refer to their restaurant experiences as "eating out". And I often do that too, but I prefer to "dine" with family and friends.
Go, dine, enjoy.This is a comment for the brunch at Russet. 
Food is good, but choices are limited. Fresh OJ costs $4, which is way over-priced.Enjoyed a delicious brunch with thoughtfully prepared dishes. Striped bass was perfectly cooked with a wonderful mustard seed sauce. Omelet was sufficiently cheesy as were the grits.  And as a byo we enjoyed champagne and orange juice to start off the meal. Portions sizes were ideal.This is my favorite restaurant in Philadelphia. I moved here a few months ago and have been given more restaurant recommendations than I can count-- and have visited probably 10-15ish of the most-often-recommended places (Garces Trading Co, Alma de Cuba, etc). All of the restaurants of this caliber in Philly are expensive, and Russet's no exception, but the fact that it's BYO makes it one of the more reasonable options. It also has the best food.
We ordered the salmon and the beef shoulder, both of which came with vegetables.  The beef shoulder came with "carrots," but when it arrived it was actually carrots done 2 or 3 different ways-- one was whipped, one was caramelized, one had been marinated, etc. Also, the mushrooms were cooked perfectly: almost crispy on the outside, but very juicy on the inside. A lot of reviewers are focusing on the local nature of the food, which is great, but there are also some very talented chefs at work here-- I've never had vegetables prepared so well. The salmon, which I am very finicky about and was nervous about ordering, was also perfect. I will say that our dessert (a maple ice cream, I think) was not as good as we were expecting. The taste was fairly mild, and there wasn't much ice cream for the price. But overall, one of the best meals I've had this year.
Also, I noticed some people commenting about the slow service. It wasn't busy when we went, but our server (a thin, blonde woman in her 30s, I think) was incredibly warm and attentive. She was also very genuinely excited about the food and the restaurant-- if anything, she was a little chatty! So, I don't doubt that the service was middling around Restaurant Week, but that was very far from our experience.Yummy! 
I love the quiet ambience here. Came on a Sunday and got their Potato Gnocchi, Seared Cape May Fluke, and Bittersweet Chocolate Semifreddo. Gnocchi and fish were cooked perfectly. Although the gnocchi was kind of plain, the eggplant and squash blossom sauce for the fish were really really good. Semifreddo was kind of grainy? 
Good for a nice and quiet dinner, with simple and fresh flavors.The restaurant is inside an old residence.  We were there for brunch on a Saturday and there was not much of a crowd.  If you go during dinner hours, I suspect that carrying on a conversation would be difficult with the tables packed in.  Our server was very attentive.  We had the omelet and pancake and we were very happy with our food and the prices were very reasonable.  I would recommend you stop in.I enjoyed a pretty spectacular meal here, taking advantage of the prix fixe Restaurant Week menu with a few friends. The restaurant is housed inside a converted rowhome, and has a very cozy and intimate vibe. It's BYOB, so pick up a bottle (or a few) of your favorite wine beforehand to bring along.
It was pretty difficult to choose between the restaurant week course offerings, but eventually I made my decisions and I certainly didn't have any regrets. I started with the sweet potato soup, which was totally amazing and I wish I could eat it every day. Peppered with chunks of smoked bacon, it was a delicious balance of savory and sweet and a great start to the meal. For my entree, I went with the brisket. The meat was extremely tender and flavorful, served with mashed potatoes and cabbage. Definitely some quality comfort food!
For dessert, I chose the chocolate budino which replaced one of the original options on the menu. This cross between a cake and pudding was warm, gooey, and rich, and the creme fraiche and tart plums made for a great combination and end to the meal.
I'll definitely need to make a return trip!Very disappointing. We arrived at 6pm on a Saturday, so you'd expect everything on the menu to be available and primed for hungry diners. Portions were very small, and where my wife and I usually share an appetizer, neither of our appetizers were big enough for 1 let alone 2.  Similarly with the main dishes and especialy the desserts. They were completely out of the main course that 3 of our table of 6 wanted. And they were out of ice cream for dessert, and they had no coffee (really? just run over to Starbucks and don't tell anyone!).  Anyway, the fact that they made the Philadelphia Magazine top 50 really makes me question that magazine. Not a good experience or value. Service was OK.I'm sad to give this restaurant only 2 stars. I had such high expectations for this restaurant due to friends previous dining experiences. The reason why is mainly due to the service but also that my tile fish came out raw. The service was so slow and very in personable. No one seemed to enjoy serving there and no one even apologized for my meal coming out raw. There were nothing about the service that warmed me up and made me feel like I was wanted there. The other dishes were really good and came out evenly timed. I highly recommend the papperdelle and the apple tree cheesecake. Just don't count on actually enjoying the dining experience.Sunday brunch at Russet today. Thoughtful menu. Very cute atmosphere. However, inattentive, unenthusiastic, slow service. Food was good, but every single dish was too salty--even the grits. This place has huge potential, but we were not impressed.Russet is a nice BYOB off of  the Square. It's pretty good overall and the food was tasty and fresh.   A couple of minuses though.  See the review about the menu.  It's pretty limited.  They do change it frequently and I get that they probably don't get large quantities of each.  But they ran out of a lot of choices on the menu so the selection was really limited.  I enjoyed my dish but the portions are on the small side, so don't go too hungry like I did.  And word to the coffee and tea lovers, if you like the artificial sweeteners ('ya know the blue, yellow, or pink packets) you better bring your own because they don't offer them here.  Service was hurried but professional and atmosphere is quaint and well done.  Would I return? Yes I would, but they've got a little way to go before it would be a top choice for me.I had a lovely Restaurant Week dinner here and I would definitely recommend Russet for any dinner! Ambiance is basically someone's home, but later in the evening a very LOUD home. Our server was wonderful and very attentive. We brought two bottles of wine (BYOB!). The menu was small, but difficult to choose from! I appreciated the supplemental cheese plate they offered - 3 great choices and they brought us fresh bread as well. 
The goat cheese ravioli was absolutely perfect - I am a huge fan of goat cheese, and this dish did not disappoint. Great tang from the roasted tomatoes! My main was the slow roasted pork over polenta and kale. The tomato sauce was incredibly flavorful and the meat was well cooked. For dessert, I had the apple cake. The oregano was a surprise, but great complement. 
Great addition to the BYOB crowd in Philly!Came here this weekend with friends.
Food was ok nothing special.
Service was completely horrible, our server Matt simply sucked.Russet really understands 'New American' dining.
The service was fantastic.  It was a quiet Tuesday and our waitress took really great care of us.
As for the appetizers, the Pici (pasta dish) was great.  I could really tell that the pasta and sauce was handmade.  
For the entrees, we ordered the duck and the steak.  Both medium-rare, the meats were perfectly cooked and seasoned.  The garnishing actually added good flavor as well.
My only caveat is that since the establishment is 'farm-to-table', we probably won't have the same options the next time we go as their menu changes with the seasons.A second visit to Russet, call it the give-them-the-benefit-of-the-doubt visit, will be our last.  The food is mediocre.  Worse, it is overpriced.  Two of us had a TOTAL of one entre and one dessert each with NOTHING else and the bill was $98 with tax and tip.  (No sense punishing the wait staff).  There are too many other restaurants worth visiting to give Russet a third chance especially since it would not be the charm!Went with my family after hearing from friends about Russet's use of seasonal ingredients from local sources. Remarkably fresh, but in my opinion, a tad overpriced. Portion sizes were decent, but I just didn't feel it merited over $25 a plate. My family had the following:
purple asparagus salad
(pickled beets and radishes, baby mizuna)
-Refreshing dish and the beets were wonderful. Very light and not overdressed. 
hand cut pappardelle
(duck liver ragu, maitake mushroom, thyme)
-The best of the three. Wonderful blend of flavors and the maitake comes through even with the heavy duck liver. 
stinging nettle garganelli
(scallops,, thai basil, crispy pancetta)
-The pasta was so-so and a tad over-cooked. The single scallop, while delicious and perfectly seasoned, was a bit stingy. 
----
california kingfish
savoy spinach, spring onion, sunchokes, salsa verde
-Great mix of textures and cooked just right. A tad oily but good treatment of a meatier fish.
slow roasted pork belly
asparagus, creamy polenta, savoy spinach, rosemary
-Disappointingly under-seasoned, and a bit fatty. Weakest of the 3, and the dish didn't come together as well as the others in terms of the flavors.
ribeye steak
red chard, polenta
-Great preparation of the polenta and the steak was cooked just right. The steak had a bit of an off-taste to it, which was a bit surprising.A quaint, albeit loud BYOB. The service was pleasant, the food was mostly very good, and the prices were reasonable. Given all the great food choices in Philly I'm not certain I'll run back any time soon, but if you haven't checked it out it's definitely worth a visit.(Opening week review): GREAT LAUNCH! Outstanding dining room staff--charming,  attentive, and not obsequious; knowledgeable about the dishes; flexible in permitting substitutions. Dishes were timely served,  to right temperatures, and in proper manner. 
Small but intriguing menu that changes daily--not the "same old, same old" offerings you see everywhere around town. Very nice variety of unusually prepared dishes that will appeal to a fairly broad range of tastes. Each main course stood up proudly on its own.
Tasty desserts.
BYOB always a plus.
Passed by the kitchen on our way out--calm kitchen--chef and staff seemed to have everything under control--and the dining room was full.
Warm environment--and even at peak, noise level was fine.
Reasonable prices.
Glad to have you in the Rittenhouse Square neighborhood, Russet.Great menu and concept, still has the chance to tweak the execution to improve.  In general the space, service, and food all good but not in line with price relative to nearby competitors in the $30 entree range. Dinner for 2 (three courses each) without any drinks or tip $125.  Note taken of other reviews complaining about scant portions: Go to Olive Garden if you are in need of food coma!  We were full half way through the entrees.  Yes, you get five little mind-blowing ravioli in a half inch of browned butter for your appetizer - it's enough!
Delicious bread and butter - just the right amount, and yes, there is a salt cellar on the table which is a nice crunch to the sweet butter.   No added salt needed on the rest of the meal, in fact it was all significantly oversalted in our opinion.  
We started with a squash ravioli in butter sauce - seems from reading other reviewers that you cannot go wrong with the day's ravioli.  Little pillows of melt in your mouth deliciousness.  Hand rolled "pici" spaghetti like pasta in a meat sauce likewise delicious (though salty).
As others have noted, the entrees were less impressive.  Turkey stuffed cabbage was OK - too salty!  Fluke with chard in a hollandaise was bland and "sushi" in the middle (not that I don't like sushi).   Dessert:  Mille feuille terrific.  Cheese plate was good but plunked down without any identification of the cheeses or accompaniments (there was a honeyed fruit something which was really good, and paper thin crisps of bread).  In general service was competent but lackluster.
We love a good BYOB in the neighborhood and will give Russet another chance after they settle in - maybe next time will do all appetizers and dessert!A delightful meal!  Sweetheart had the duck, and I had the sea bass.  Preparation and presentation on both entrees was beautiful.  The mix of vegetable dabs and the fish was delicious.  My taste of the duck was good, too, although that's not my thing.  Loved the open feeling of the dining room, which had very good sound control.