If you're looking for a good variety of pizza, this is the place to go. If you're looking for new and different kinds of pizza (Reuben pizza - for example), this is the place to go. If you're looking for delicious pizza, this is the place to go. So what are you waiting for?!Nothing special. Save your money. 
We ordered the plain red whole pie and were very disappointed. 
Tastes like a $5 rusty pie. 
Dough was tough to chew, sauce and cheese were flavorless, VERY salty/sour.Yummy, yummy and MORE YUMMY!!! They have interesting unique flavored pizza's and tasty crust. I always like whatever ive tried.Holy Hangover Heaven. 
Don't you hate when you had a bit too much to drink the night before? You know, those days when you just can't seem to separate your ass from the couch? 
If you are having one of those days, I have some grand advice. Get yourself a pizza, any pizza from Rustica. Today, I was hurtin', hurtin' kinda bad y'all. All I wanted was a vitamin water, and something hearty to eat. 
Red pie with pepperoni and garlic, Om nom nom. It was quite fast delivery, and it was only 20 bucks for a large, hangover dismissing  pizza. I, well, I think I love you a little bit Rustica.Their pizza is fantastic, what they specialize in. But there are a few things elsewhere on the menu that keep bringing us back. The buffalo chicken cheesesteak is made with big, all white chunks of real chicken breast, not slabbed steak-meat. And the fries are shoestring! 
Went in for takeout a few times - each time the cooks/servers get together the delivery orders and waited to start our steaks while we sat their. They must've done 6-7 steaks that day in bags till the delivery person came back while we waited 45 for two sandwiches and two orders of fries. Just get delivery.Oh my.  Honestly some of the best pizza I've ever had.  It didn't hurt that the slices we selected had just come fresh out of the oven.  I tried the spinach and broccoli with sun-dried tomatoes as well as a barbecue chicken with onions.  Both were filled to the brim with flavor with just the right amount of crispiness to the crust.  Plus the service was friendly.  Fantastico!  Came to about $8 for 3 specialty slices.You wont find a better place in Northern Liberties! The staff is awesome, the food is really good. My favorite things are a plain slice ( to me you can tell a lot about a places pies with a plain slice) and the chicken cheesesteak!  There has to be AT LEAST 2 full chicken breasts on the thing, yea breasts not frozen chicken steaks. The rolls are nice hard rolls with sesame seeds. I can't say enough about the place. I live an hour and a half outside Philly but I am always in town for work. Rustica is a great choice when having a pizza craving.This review is for the chicken parm sandwich. The bread is burnt, the sandwich is dry, and the chicken is very thin. Very disappointing.Great pizza! A bit pricey though. In this area is recommend pizzeria beddia for a bit more if you really want artisan pizza.5 Stars all day everyday.  Philadelphia magazine got it right, definitely the best pizza in Philly.  Prices are reasonable as well.I've been eating pizza here for the past 7 years or so.. best pizza in the city! They have delicious classic pies as well as some really creative combinations as well. I've never tasted a meal here that was anything but MMMMMMMM-worthy.Really good pizza! The atmosphere was great as well as the service. Not a lot of sitting space but the small pizzeria had charm and and character. They have card limit so be sure to have cash if you are only going in for a few slices!Simply delicious. Must try. The flavours of the chicken buffalo cheesesteak were just incredible. I'm visiting from California and this pace did not disappointOverpriced when buying a whole pie, but a good pizza. I think their by the slice prices are more reasonable relative to other pizza joints. Excellent for grabbing a bite when drinking in Noli.This is spot to go if you want a fancy pizza toppings. I love their Pico De Gallo pizza during a hot summer day. It is a fresh baked crust covered with authentic spicy pico de gallo and topped with fresh avocado. Absolutely refreshing and delicious. Now I am hungry. I also love their Federico which is their white pir with salsa verde pulled chicken mozzarella and topped with fresh cilantro. 
My husband the meat lover...just get them to make a small and top it with all the meat toppings there have and also mushroom for healthiness. You can also go to Rustica and get slices from their pies of day. Their wings is delicious as well.Came in for a slice of pizza and was thoroughly impressed. Quick service to get a hot slice and the pizza was quality.  
Pesto pizza topped with tomatoes was really good. 
Definitely will return for another slice.Wheat Crust, yummm!!!!
On a lazy night, I make the order for Rustica. I can't help it!
Thank you for the amazing service and prompt delivery.Best pizza ever.  I enjoyed every bite.  I wish you delivered to California.  I'd have pizza every day.  Yummie!I'm not joking! This place has the greatest Pizzas EVER! 
I used to live in NoLibs about a block away from here and I swear these guys make awesome pizzas. 
Service is great the place is clean and they always play good music there. 
Everyone, please try there Federico pizza slices. Dear God, it's like Jesus kissing your insides! It's sooo F ing good!Quick mid-afternoon lunch on a Friday.  Not busy at all, pizza was great!  Nice thin crust and all kinds of toppings available.  I had a sicilian pepperoni and slice of sausage with broccoli rabe.  Complemented it with a natural cane sugar soda from the fridge.  $8, and they take LevelUp!
I'm told this place is CROWDED on the late night weekends from the teetotalers from Standard Tap.There tripping there food use to be good a few years back but now they got popular  and they are way more inconsistant . They only care about the money .  The last time i got the David it was a shame i wish i had a camera to take a photo and upload it . what crap it was . I was a big fan but not anymore .I'm big on down-to-earth pizza.  Good dough, good sauce, good cheese.  I'm not unwilling to try something fancy, and I think this place has a good thing going.  I frequent the place often enough, having lived in the neighborhood for about 3 years; but usually only when i've got friends over and it's their obvious choice due to the notoriety that Rustica has.
Speaking for myself, I really am not a huge fan of the fundamentals in their pies.  DOUGH - The dough is "meh" tasting, but extremely thin, and takes a bit away from the experience.  
SAUCE - I won't knock the sauce at all; it's not my favorite, but there's nothing really against it.  
CHEESE - The cheese is decent tasting, but I've always been dissapointed with its consistency, a bit clumpy; I've never been able to take a good bite of a slice and come away from it with that alluring few strands of cheese stringing out.. it's usually a crumpled mess that flops off the rest of the pizza (at least, this is my experience when getting my own whole plain pie, the individual slices and topping consistencies may be a different story).
It's a nice establishment with good service, but for the high prices and pure focus on pizza (well, they do do sandwhiches, but this place is definitely about the pizza), I'd hope for something a little more satisfying.
That said, it's still my go-to for party nights with friends wanting something more than the orthodox cheap plain pie.Walked in and got two slices. Pepperoni  and a sausage mozzarella and tomato. Super nice guy explained the pizzas and heated them to a perfect temperature and served them right up. Perfect crispy crust. Can't wait to try more.This pizza rules. Love the spinach and tomato. Little pricey but everything in Northern Liberties is pricey.Rustica is Sahweeet! The pizza here is amazing. Great thin crust, perfectly cooked. And the topping combinations are out of this world!
I foolishly ate outside the other day and it was windy. My pizza blew away and they gave me a new slice! Yay Rustica!Rustica is my fave pizza supply in the city.  They'll deliver just about anywhere though it may take a while since they're popular as heck (wonder why?).  
Wasnt crazy about the eggplant topping and I think it's because they deep fry it.  The roasted garlic, though, is super great.  Heck, their tomato pie is simple joy in red.  My recommendation though is to just stop in and pick the slice you find most sexy because they look so great when they put together all the fun toppings you'd never consider all'a carte.  
Word to the wise: there's some place near the ICA in Ucity that is called rustica.  When I saw this, my heart sped up a bit and an increaseed involuntary salivation made me consciously remember to swallow more.  But to be sure, I called up Rustica (that's right, I've got em on speed dial on my cell) and they informed me that this location along with a few others are indeed knock-offs.  The Northern Liberties location is THE location for great pizza.  
Needless to say, my heart slowed back down to the near coma rate with disappointment and my mouth dried up... sighTwo of the worst cheesesteaks and pizzas I have ever had. They put a cheesesteak on a wheat seeded roll. Needless to say it was horrible. 
The pepperoni pizza I got had no flavor whatsoever and tasted more like the pizza I would get at 3am after a night of drinking.
I am embarrassed to have this place making food in Philadelphia, especially if someone from out of town accidentally stopped in.A solid 5 stars.  Rustica has a better selection of slices than either Gianfranco or Soho, and their hot, hot oven gives a crispier crust than anywhere I've been in Philly.  The atmosphere inside, as well, is classier (although I love the atmosphere at Gianfranco, it's a bit gruff).  
Anyway, since I found Rustica I've been going there on a daily basis.  I love it.Good stuff, not mind blowing; but a great selection of slices.this place was nice.  small little restaurant - somewhat far for the temple folk, but it was well worth it.  the pizza was good!One of my favorite pizza places in the city. If you are looking for an exotic slice of pizza and a Jones soda you'll find it at Rustica. I have literally ridden my bike from all corners of this city to No Libs just to eat a slice of their pizza. 
Also if you don't like pizza, because something happened to you as a child to make you not think straight, you can always get a pressed sandwich. Which are awesome. Get the P&P. It will make you real happy.For toppings so sassy, sauce so tasty, and prices so pricey, why oh why are these crusts so awful?
I really, really want to like Rustica. The staff is awesome, the No Libs location is great, and it's a cozy little place. But I can't get past the awful frozen pizza texture crust. Not thin enough to have a real crunch or gluteny rip, yet not soft or moist enough to count as any other style. Stale from the get-go.
At least they're consistent. Always perfectly circular, always in a box, always delivered piping hot by a cute bearded hipster guy... and always a little disappointing.This pizza is bomb and it's quick and easy.  All the guys are super helpful in giving you exactly what you want. The pizza selection is on point with plenty to choose from.The pizza here is awesome. It has a nice crispy crust and there is a good choice of gourmet pizzas. The only drawback is that it is a tiny place, so be expected to take your pizza to go.Been twice. Buffalo chicken and also Pepperoni pizzas, both fully greasy and fully excellent. 19 bucks for a large Pepperoni is a damn good deal also. Kind of small on the inside and can get a bit crowded for lunch. Offers slices and each time I've been there has been plenty of selection. If you are looking for a NY style slice in No Libs (or really anywhere in Philadelphia), look no further than this place.I should compile a list of pizza places I miss. This would be on my top 5 for sure. I used to live two blocks from Rustica, now I'm about 3000 miles and have serious good pizza withdrawal. This place has an incredible thin crust,  and the toppings and sauce trump anything out here by a long shot.  And though I used to think it was expensive, compared to what I pay for mediocre slices out here, it's actually cheap. If you're in Northern Libs Definitely  hit Rustica up.I don't get it.  Maybe the hype ruined another place.  Usually, I walk in and see pieces of pizza that look like they've been there since yesterday morning.  I still buy one and it's just kind of "meh."  
Maybe it's better fresh.  DunnoHad my first tastes of Rustica today.
I was in only a little bit after noon and I think they had just opened the doors. With many different toppings and varieties tempting my eyes, I chose:
-slice of seasoned chicken with tomatoes
-slice of cheese
The appearance and aroma immediately pointed to what I later decided was Rustica's greatest strength: high quality fresh ingredients. In my first bite of the chicken/tomato slice, juice from the tomato squirted right out onto the table outside. The chicken was tender and perfectly seasoned. The slice altogether was sturdy and held the toppings safely, but wasn't cardboard stiff. I am usually a fan of thicker crusts, but Rustica's thinner flat crust was still chewy - so, no problem. The cheese slice was also satisfactory. Much more sauce than I'm accustomed to after living in West Chester for 6 years (Riggtown Oven always skimped on the sauce), but it wasn't overly sweet. Tasted like it was made fresh this morning.
The service was quick and price was fair.
The only downfall in my experience was that the gentleman behind the counter did not warm up my slices for me. So, instead of going from hot to warm while I ate, they went from lukewarm to cool. The pizzas had probably come out of the oven very recently, but having sat out on display for a bit, they were definitely not hot anymore. Could I have asked to have them warmed up after first bite? Sure. Should the guy have done it by default or at least asked in the first place? I believe so.
Definitely worth the $ and walk, I look forward to trying other varieties.I've been in pursuit of the ultimate pizza since moving back to Phila. from San Francisco.  Rustica is another massive miss in that quest.  I get that the many styles of pizza allow for an exponential number of pizza preferences and opinions.  But I am truly amazed that this place gets such good reviews.  Cardboard, is the texture and flavor that come to mind after biting into this $18.00 lg. pepperoni pizza.  Bland crust with no character, and it is hard to do this, but the pepperoni's were pretty weak on the flavor front as well.  I could give the cheese 3 stars as it had a nice bite to it but do you give the tuba player a standing ovation because she was the best musician in the symphony of mediocrity?  I think not.  So on I look.......Gourmet pizza, exquisite fresh product on top of each slice. Good place for sure!Ordered a large pie last night and loved it! 
half pepperoni, half federico.
Pepperoni was amazing, perfectly hot and cheesy with lots of pepperoni
But the federico was eh. There was a lot of shredded chicken, not enough flavors though. It needed a lot more sauce, either salsa verde or maybe it needed some type of creamy sauce because the chicken really dried the pizza out, it felt like i was eating just shredded chicken and dough.
But all in all, service was quick and pizza was good! I need to try different toppings next timeRustica serves up an excellent pie with really flavorful ingredients, but at a fairly hefty price. Their dough has density and depth of flavor, a long-fermented dough that stands up well to toppings. Their sauce is barely that: almost purely tomatoes with a bit of salt. Fruity and fresh-tasting. Their toppings are almost uniformly excellent: I would recommend the broccoli rabe. It's delicious and garlicky and goes well with everything. 
Online ordering is certainly a plus, but that price, man, that price is a killer: $20 for a large pie with two toppings is a lot to ask. Every once in a while, though, it's worth it.I don't know what it is about this pizza but I'm literally obsessed.  It might be the sauce or the cheese, but as far as pizza goes this place is it.  You hear so many people talk about the best places for pizza in the city, but in the back of my mind I always know my spot.  The staff is also very quickly moving and pretty nice.Let me summarize: I think Rustica pizza is fanTASTIC.  I'm not typically a fan of deeper, thick pizzas and am more of a fan of big thin slices (think Lorenzo's style) so my opinion may be biased here.  I had always liked stopping in and grabbing either a plain cheese or mushroom slice if I was in the area and was hungry.  I was not sure if I was alone in my opinion on their pizzas since I'd had others disagree with me.  My feelings on Rustica were validated recently, though, when I convinced my coworkers to choose Rustica when they wanted to order in a few pizzas for lunch. They had never heard of Rustica before and were skeptical but were absolutely raving about it once it arrived.  We ordered a plain cheese, an Old Smokey minus the meat, a meatball pizza, and a pepperoni pizza. People from our department were stopping by to see what smelled so good, coworkers were telling them it's incredibly good, people who sampled what was left were writing down the address and number so they could get it for themselves later, and I even overheard one calling his wife to tell her he "now knows where to find the best pizza on Earth".  The meatless Old Smokey went over especially well and was the first to disappear. Everyone who tried a slice said it was a perfect.  Rustica's sauce is not too sweet and actually adds flavor.  The cheese isn't overloaded and greasy.  The crust is thin and crispy.  There is just nothing bad I can say about Rustica pizza at this time and it seems like all of my coworkers now agree.I actually consider myself a connoisseur of the Italian pie and would rather eat pizza than almost anything else- if it's good. Rustica is good, really good.
We ordered a fresh pie with minimal toppings on our most recent visit there in order to formulate a baseline but the baseline at Rustica blows away most other pizza joints' best offerings. While we sat debating what made this pizza so awesome- the sauce, the crust or the cheese- we agreed it was a combination of all ingredients perfectly cooked in a brick oven.
We also split up a cheese steak which was one of the best in the city- no lie! 
Even better, the prices are right at Rustica!Mmmm pizza. I've eaten here a few times and it's always been great. They do a lot of different veggie and seasonal pizzas as well as the traditional ones. Probably the best pizza I've had in the NoLibs area. 
They also deliver!!! Be prepared to have a very nice super hipster dude come to your door with a box of awesome. 
The downsides: not a lot of seating at the restaurant, they're a little pricey, the delivery is slow. But it's worth it to have some super awesome not-greasy fresh pizza.After trying 5 or 6 pizza places in Philadelphia I have hated, we tried Rustica and really like it.  Not quite as good as pizza I have had in Brooklyn, Boston, or Adriatico's in Cincinnati, but pretty damned good.
The arugula salad is bomb ass.Had a pulled pork slice and a spinach with plum tomato slice. Both delicious in their own ways! The pulled pork had cole slaw on top of it that added a nice vinegary kick. Definitely would come back again!This place is my favorite Pizza Joint in city hands down. Lucky for me its walking distance from my pad. They have so many different varieties to choose from. I've never had a bad slice. My roomate always raves about the crawdad pie they make, but I have yet to try. Everything here is so amazingly delicious its a wonder why I don't frequent this place more often.I wanted to try a new pie last night, because I'm beginning to tire of my neighborhood pizzeria. I think I OD'ed on their pies. So I suggested we try Rustica, based upon the glowing Yelp reviews. We ordered one large pie - half plain, half shrooms. The half plain was delicious. The crust was thin enough and crispy, and the cheese had a nice flavor. The sauce was also good and had presence - a CRUCIAL element. But the half that had boomers on it was, sadly, sick. Maybe the slice I ate had gotten a little cold, but the shrooms were soft and flavorless and just gross. My boyfriend, who elected to get half shrooms, didn't like it either. 
Too bad for him, I claimed the plain side as my own. Tough nuts. The plain side was tasty, in my opinion, but he wasn't that blown away. I'll probably order a big plain pie from here again, sans shrooms, and it'll be great. Three stars, for now.Quality is everything and rustica hit it. I am going to a lot of pizza places in Philadelphia to see who is the best and this pizza is up there. I get the plain nothing crazy. Crust was crispy with a little flop, sauce with great taste and good cheese. You could tell it was fresh. I will be back.I search for Neapolitan pizza in Philly.  Tis place gets great reviews so I drove 20 minutes each way ( the wont deliver to the airport area ).  I hate to say that I was very disappointed, I've had Lombardi's in NYC and Pizzeria Bianco in Phoenix, those are good Neapolitan pizza, this is not.  Sorry!  People that eat this often and love it just don't know pizza. I'd try something else.  People are nice and the places is cool so it didn't get 1 star.  Side note, if in NYC or Phoenix you have to try those places.This is the best pizza joint ever.  As any pizza lover knows, it is all in the crust.  Perfectly crisp, and yes, Ill say it , rustic.  This is not just your flour and water crust.  But the sauce is just as important, no?  Not too sweet, fresh tasting.  
The toppings are so creative.  Truffle oil.  Yes.  It's true.  With philly style steak.  I need not say more.  
Whether you're a puritan and a plain slice is your choice, or you like to walk on the fun side of the pizza pie, Rustica is for you.
Really, try the truffled pizza.  Heaven.Was feeling fancy last night and ordered what may be the best pizza topping combo my mouth has ever known.  Got the white pie with Porcini Mushrooms and Rosemary; added truffled steak and roasted garlic.  Heaven on my plate.  Now...that pie wasn't cheap, which is the only drawback.  I actually didn't add up the cost because I didn't want to know.  It wasn't outrageous or anything, but I expect to pay more for my pizza when they have toppings like that.  We typically get delivery and they take around 30-45 minutes (typical).  I've eaten-in and had a good experience as well.Have tasted lots of different slices, they're all delicious and a good price.This place has absolutely the best pizza in the area, and is easily in the top 5 in the whole Philadelphia area.  I highly recommend their pizza.  You gotta try their Quattro Gusti.  :-)  They make amazing specialty sandwiches too.  I love their Holy Mary paninni sandwich.  Their eggplant parm on the other hand - not so good.  If it weren't for the one time a year ago when their eggplant parm tasted like it was a two day old re-reheat, I would be giving them 5 stars.
They're a bit pricey for a pizza shop, but they are no ordinary pizza shop.  It's worth it!This is pretty good pizza. I like to measure a pizza joints quality by how their plain slices taste. Is it logical? maybe. But their plain slice was prettty solid. Not the best thing Ive ever had in my life but fairly cheap and the service was fast. I also had one of their chicken and tomatoes white slice and that was pretty good too. All in all a solid pizza place that you won't regret.You can't go wrong with delivery or pickup here. All the specialty toppings make this place stand out in the neighborhood. Although wait times are sometimes long and prices are a little steeper I have never been disappointed with the pizza.For pizza slices ranging from $3-4, they are amazing! It's never greasy, the slices are large and thin, and they have a variety of good combo. I enjoy plain mushroom pizza, my bf has throughly enjoy the mash potato and brisket one. Only thing is certain pizzas contains a large amount of onions that you can't see, so always ask!I'm originally from New York (you can stop reading now if you want) so it was tough for me to find a pizza in Philly that I truly enjoyed. While many places around the city are doing their best to pump out the same mediocre slice, Rustica has its own agenda. Known for their 'unusual slices', I had to try a topping combo that I've never had. The bacon and red peppers were a match made in heaven, not to mention the best thin crust I've had since living here. Anyway, I'll spare you at this point and leave you with this: unusual topping combo or not, if you're looking for a great slice of pizza in Philly, Rustica is the place to go. Also, did I mention how inexpensive it is? Take your lady friend out with ten dollars in your pocket and expect to come home with some change.I love to stop in for a slice at Rustica whenever I'm down on Second Street. This place has some of THE best pizza in the city. Crust is perfect, sauce is so good, and the cheese is jusssst right. They have so many varieties that its impossible to get bored. The pies can be a little pricey, but its definitely worth it. The slices are reasonably priced and the atmosphere is relaxing. Check it out.This place was perfect for my first bite of pizza after a long 40 days of lenten sacrifice. The service was prompt, the selection of slices were great and the thin crispy crust was perfect. I will be sure to grab some slices here in the future.right around the corner from me which rules....the pulled chicken it a bit dry for my taste- i get extra cheese and sauce to make up for it....what i enjoy here is their specialty pies- there are a ton to choose from w/ alot of toppings u would not expect on a pizza.....their barbacue chicken ranks high on my list but hands down old smokey is one of the best speciality pizza's in the world: w/ pancetta and smoked mozzarella it is f'in delicious..  if u want a more traditional plain slice it's ok maybe even good for philly standards but I definately think their speciality pies r the way to go..everyone is really nice and it is opened later (1am i think- on fri and sat) now, so u can grab a slice if u head out of the bars early on the way homeSo I originally wrote a bad review on this place because of a delivery mix up. Some random chick sent me a compliment (which was just her talking from her high horse) and reminded me i needed to fix this.
This place is full of very kind staff. We came in just before close, starving. Im lactose intolerant so we ordered a red pizza? Tomato pie? Idk the lingo but it was cheeseless. They were really nice and helpful, and the food was really really good! Definitely go there. If their pizzas with cheese are as good as without, youll love it.Tasty pizza - generous size on the slices and crispy crust. YUM. The slice I tried had olives, artichokes, ham and mushrooms. The pulled chicken salad was enough for 4. I had a few bites of the rosemary potato slice - very flavorful.I used to live across the street from Rustica so I went there pretty frequently. I wanted to love it b/c it was cute and close by. Unfortunately my optimism was crushed each time. 
The flavors on the pizza were not cohesive or interesting. The crust was flavorless. The meat was dry. Oh, and the fries are terrible - soggy and...soggy.
If you want great pizza, walk a few blocks to Cacia's bakery.Best pizza in the Northern Liberties area.  Also, a plain pizza is consistently done in 15 minutes or less--I've never had them tell me it'd take longer, even during peak hours.I LOVE this place.
They usually have Sicilian pizza, which is a guilty pleasure of mine. They never complain when I ask for the corner piece (more crust!). Sometimes they laugh a little, but hey, fine by me. 
The pizza itself is delicious. One of the best slices of any kind of pizza I've had, especially the Sicilian. They also carry Jones soda (another guilty pleasure).
For $5, I get the corner slice of Sicilian and a Jones Cream Soda. Pretty good deal.
One of the guys that works there, all of which are really nice, has the most adorable little girl who I've seen in there a few times. Babies = always a plus.I had a "Dave" panini and risotto balls and I was astonished at how bland they both were. Yet I still paid $18 with a drink.I love, love, love me a thin slice.  Even more, I love spinach and tomato red pie and it's a rare find in a slice.  Tasted the eggplant and sun-dried tomato and it was brilliant.  There are some unique specialty pies that you have to be brave to try - kielbasa and sauerkraut, really?  But I haven't had a bad slice there yet, so I'd say it would be okay to be ambitious in your selection and you'd be pleasantly surprised.  
Indoor and outdoor seating compliment this place but shhhh!  It could be the best kept secret in the city for great pizza.  Let's not hype it too much whilst it may become overrated.  P.S. Rustica would make a nice casual date spot, too.Delicious pizza!! Their salads rock too. Great post North Bowl munchie satisfier. #wishrusticawasinmyhood.I live and work in South Philly, but sometimes my craving for Reuben pizza will be so strong that I drive across town to satisfy myself. Most recently, they didn't have Reuben pizza in the window so I went with Buffalo chicken pizza- equally delicious. I love how they have so many different kinds of pizza available by the slice. And the slices are huge! Especially because they don't even try to skimp on the toppings!
A slice is around $3- $4 depending on what topping you're getting, but 1 slice is all I need to fill me up! I mean, it's not the cheapest pizza in the city but I believe you pay for what you get and Rustica is so worth it!My favorite local pizza spot.  Everything from your standard slice to the Reuben (corned beef, pickle and 1000 island dressing) yes that's right...it's crack!  They have a great selection of creative & unique pies.   Random veggies, crawfish, white pies, no matter your mood you will be able to find something.
  The only down fall is that upon walking in you never know if they will actually have the specific pie you are looking for ready and available.  From a business stand point this is completely understandable, not many people walk in with the intent of grabbing a reuben, chicken n cilantro, or buffalo chicken slice so don't go there with your heart set on one specific slice.  You will though walk out a happy patron.Great spot to stop in for a slice. Rustica has plenty of options of unique pizza options.Gotta say I read the reviews and was really looking forward to a great pizza but, sadly, this didn't happen.  One hour for delivery when was told 25 mins?  Ordered meat pizza ($24.50) with extra cheese (don't judge - $2.50). With tax & delivery charge this became a $31 pizza.  No extra cheese & cold pizza.  Thanks Rustica, my last pizza for 60 days & this is what I got?Seriously delicious pizzas - my favorite is the roasted garlic and tomato! Also I LOVE their pulled chicken salad. All menu items are great. It's an awesome little place in a great neighborhood. Definitely check these guys out!Freaking love this place. 
Even though I live in NYC now, I still come grab a slice or 2 every time i visit.  
And yes, Rustica pizza much better than nyc pizza.Had a pulled brisket and mashed potato slice. Actually really close conceptually to pizza in Rome. The toppings were creative and the soda choices were local. I give it a strong recommendation.Thin, crisp, genuine, fresh, authentic in a no hassle, friendly atmosphere. It is among the best in Philly. Just get there.I love this place but the sauce is a bit acidic for me. Top notch pizza if you aren't prone to acid reflux. (Talking obviously about the red pies)