Ok, so my review may be a bit biased because I've only been here for brunch but...BRUNCH IS AMAZING!! The first time I came here was about a year or 2 ago when I was at Penn, and I immediately became a fan. The food was delicious, but when I had a bite of my friend's huevos rancheros....life was never the same again. Since then, every time I go to brunch and I see huevos rancheros on the menu I have to order it...but sadly, I am ALWAYS disappointed. I keep seeking huevos rancheros as good as the ones at Rx, but I don't think it exists. The other brunch options are delicious as well. The only drawback may be that this place is very small and usually very crowded so expect some wait time....but it's well worth it!GO FOR BRUNCH.
GET THE FRENCH TOAST.
Also, dinner is great, too, but I've only been once during Dining Days. Mmm.Great food. Poor service.
My Wife and I went here for brunch. Our thoughts:
Eggs Benedict ~ very good, but not exceptional
Chipped Beef ~ excellent.
Scrapple ~ not bad, I love the apple butter that comes with.
Service ~ 
First you walk into the place and there's no host. This makes me feel awkward. So I went up a server to as where we could sit. 
Our waitress was very friendly, but she forgot about us. She forgot the coffee, until I went up to her to ask for it. And she didn't come back until we were finished as in with the bill. 
Side note; don't sit by the window when it's sunny. We got extremely hot and when we asked to move (so that we could finish our coffee in peace) we were told no. I think this is lame. 
Note to the Rx staff and managers, service distinguishes you. Your food is good but not good enough for me to come and deal with poor service. 
I hope this helps. Cheers.Rx's popularity is entirely explained by its location in beautiful West Philly.  Yes, the old pharmacy scene is charming, there is outdoor seating, and the staff is lovely, and the tin coffee mugs make me feel like a '49 prospector waiting for my morning meal to cook over an open flame but really, this spot's crowds are a product of its environment.  That environment being one that is bereft of brunch-y places.  That said, I will continue to frequent Rx for the above-mentioned reasons and for that fact that I am a total sucker for brunch places within walking distance.I have been to Rx several times for brunch. My most recent visit was the first since the renovation. There is more room for seating inside, and we didn't have to wait so that is a positive. The interior is a sunny yellow, but the decor is otherwise very plain. Now that the dark wood apothecary shelving is gone, it could use a little something on the walls to give it more atmosphere.
The brunch menu has the standards covered - Eggs Benedict and its typical variations, oatmeal, french toast, Huevos Rancheros, etc. No Bloody Marys, of course, since it's a byob. The sound level is extremely loud. There are few soft materials to absorb the sound and it really reverberates, which I do not like when I am hoping for a calm, restorative breakfast. I had the Eggs Sardou, which is their version of Benedict with salmon. The poached eggs were rather runny, and the spinach was too wet and was under seasoned, and there was just too much of it. The potatoes were well seasoned and cooked. I also tried the Huevos Rancheros. The dish looked messy and the beans were too firm, but otherwise it was good for a hangover. Cheesy and salty and saucy and eggy. My other dining companion ordered the Chipped Beef which I did not try but he loved it and cleaned his plate. 
The service is a little shaky. There was no hostess station, so it was a little confusing when you walked inside. But the servers were quick and pleasant - just lacking a little polish. Much better than my previous experiences so I am hoping they will continue to improve.
Also, I cannot help but think it's weird that in 2010 a restaurant does not have a website. The above link to www.caferx.com is nothing, so it's impossible to find out their menu, hours, etc.I ordered french that tasted like it had been made an hour ago--tepid and slightly soggy. The berry compote seemed old and canned, which is especially inexcusable since the farmers market in Clark Park was going on several blocks away. The real insult, however, was serving Aunt Jemima-style syrup with 9-dollar french toast!I'd five Rx five stars for brunch and three stars for dinner. The brunch menu is exciting with many entrees priced around $10. There's generally a wait for a table, but it's usually not too long. Dinner was underwhelming. I had the $30 prix fixe dinner. The salad was worthy of the price, but my chicken entree reminded me of Shake-N-Bake. The sauce was really tasty, but there was only enough to pair with a few bites of the chicken. The dessert I selected was forgettable, but the waiter also gave us a slice of the tastiest cheesecake I've ever eaten.I came here with my parents for brunch one day, and really enjoyed it. I got the cornflake french toast - yum. I can't remember what my mom got, but she liked it. Same with my dad, except whatever he got involved scrapple and I still do not know what that is. My mom and I were looking at the dinner menu while we were eating and drooling because we need to go back for that asap.OK, before I go ahead and rip this restaurant a new backdoor, let me preface this by saying that I should have written this review a year and a half ago, because that was the last time I went. So, there may be changes for the better at this point, but no matter what, I will never go back.
I live in West Philly and was always excited to try RX. I heard that the dinners were very pricey but the breakfasts were great and not too bad for your pocket. When I found a special occasion to go, I was super excited. 
There was not too much of a wait,despite the cozy, home-y atmosphere. However, they sat us at a table that had one chair and the other side of the table was against the window, where you had to sit on the window seat. The window seat was so high up, the tops of my thighs hit the table, which was rather uncomfortable--and I'm small! Negative one point.
The menu sounded delicious, so at that point, I paid little attention to my lack of comfort. I ordered coffee first. It never came. Then I ordered breakfast and reminded them about the coffee. 20 minutes into waiting, it came but with no milk/cream. I asked for it. 35 minutes into waiting, still no food OR cream. I got up and told them that we have been waiting for cream and the coffee was now cold. They got us cream. After waiting for forty-five minutes, I was getting impatient. Our food finallllly came but the Granola with fresh fruit was more like store bought granola with canned pineapple (it was cheap, but still, don't lie on the menu!! I rather pay more for something fresh!) 
I got something with steak, eggs, and potatoes, I believe. It was one of the most expensive things on the menu but very mediocre. When they got it to me, the potatoes were bland and cold.
At this point, I was furious. The coffee was cold and took forever to get and then didn't even come with cream! The food was cold and inedible and took forever to get, as well. When I complained, they made excuses about the fact that my steak takes awhile to cook. They said they would take the GRANOLA off the bill. The granola was cheaper than the orange juice and coffee!! Then, to make matters worse, the person I complained to sat at the empty table next to us. It was embarrassing! We paid and left...leaving that awful food and place behind. 
I won't go back and would never recommend this place. The service was rude. The food overpriced and mediocre.Never went there for dinner, but I loved having brunch there -- specifically eggs benedict and coffee. BYOB if you're feeling like mimosas.
The service gets talked about a lot. First off, it's a small space so expect to wait up to an hour if you're a big group and/or coming at brunch rush hour. That's not a service problem, it's a this-place-is-kind-of-small problem. 
The dudes who run the place seem like no-BS kind of people, but every interaction I had with them was a really positive one (NB: I was last here in '08).Disappointing.
I went to RX for the first time today and had their brunch. Our waitress was friendly and helpful, but as tables began to fill it was harder and harder to get her attention.
I ordered the Eggs Florentine. Everything on my plate was cold. Cold poached eggs (though cooked perfectly, mind you) on top of cold spinach. Cold potatoes on the side. Sigh. So I encourage my husband to eat his breakfast, because mine isn't going to get any colder, while I try to get the waitresses attention, which took some effort. She apologizes and takes my dish back to the kitchen.
Breakfast return, and it's hot, which is great. But something isn't quite right. The eggs are now hot but overcooked and hard in the center. The Hollandaise is kind of dry, or maybe it was missing? I didn't want to send it back again. And then I realized it was my same dish! They put the entire thing in the oven, hollandaise sauce and all, switched the position of the two eggs so that  the one closest to me was the egg I hadn't cut into, and then they hid the one that I had cut into originally under some of the potatoes! 
Shameful! 
Nobody wants to eat cold eggs and cold potatoes. And you can't reheat poached eggs, so you have to start over if you want to be taken seriously.
My husband's french toast was only alright, which didn't make up for the eggs.There are so many great places in Philly to get brunch, and most of them happen to be in Center City or on the east side of the Schulykill.  So when a friend of mine tipped me off of a terrific brunch nook in West Philly, I had to try it.  Rx may not be in the heart of the Philly brunch scene, but it's giving Center City a run for its money.
After taking an initial look at the menu, I couldn't decide on what to order, because everything looked delicious.  Venturing off the path a little, I decided to order the chilaquiles (mostly because I was craving some steak and eggs), while the bf opted for the huevos rancheros.  When the food finally arrived, it not only looked perfect, but tasted great too: the eggs weren't too runny, the steak was cooked and seasoned great, and the ranchero-style tortilla chips were savory and not too spicy.  It was worth every penny.
Other things that Rx did well: the bottomless La Colombe coffee and the cute, neighborhood-y feel of the restaurant.  Also, the food tasted really fresh and not overly seasoned.
Things they could work on: the service was a little slow, and when I turned around after I left, I saw that they had many different kinds of hot sauce besides the one nearly-empty bottle that was on my table (I would have preferred to use the Sriracha to spice up my brunch).
Overall, this place is great, and definitely come here either on the early or later side to avoid a long wait.  I'll be returning for sure!I've been to Rx many, many times, but it is very low on my list of places to go for brunch.
A couple things I don't enjoy:
1. The service (For some reason, they don't train their servers to be nice or have good manners.  We once had a server who took forever to get us simple items like cream for our coffee or our check.  When she finally came with our check, she actually said, "sorry to take like, 3 hours to get back to you" and laughed.)
2. The wait (You'd think the wait had something to do with the fact that it's small and busy, but I'm pretty sure it has something to do with the slow service.)
A couple things I do enjoy:
1. The french toast (Apparently, the crispy topping is made with crushed corn flakes.)
2. The coffee (It's delicious, it doesn't cost much, and it comes in those great stainless steel mugs.)This is where I proposed to my wife, so I might be a bit biased. However, I have been here multiple times and the food was always great, the dishes always creative. You can tell the food is fresh, as they do sometimes run out of things. The staff is friendly, the atmosphere is upscale but relaxed. Like many places in Philly, it is BYOB.You ever eat at a restaurant and totally forget what you had to eat??  That describes my two experiences at RX. I can tell you my bf and I went once for brunch, and once for dinner.
I just asked my bf what he had to eat here, and he TOO scratched his head and looked bewildered. LOL  . Well, whatever we had..... I know it wasn't terrible. I would have CERTAINLY remembered that, but not MIND-BLOWING either.
I do remember one time getting a parking spot right in front of the restaurant, and the other time having to walk entirely too far. (I can be lazy at times.LOL)
I can also tell you the place was tiny, but cozy. When we went for dinner, the crowd was a lot OLDER than I would have expected, and the patrons were pretty dressed up. In contrast, my bf and I showed up in jeans, which we do MOST OF THE TIME when we eat out.
Went to their "website" to see if viewing their menu might jog my memory..... but alas, the site is STILL not up. I recall attempting to view their site before we visited the first time, and it wasn't working.
Not good!!!  In this day and age, who doesn't have a website?
In all fairness, my bf and I eat out A LOT, and it takes a lot for a place to be memorable to me.  Most restaurants are a blur to me unless they offer something unique in comparison to other places.
Let me stress, service was okay and  the place was also clean.More than likely, we will revisit RX, and hopefully this time, the experience will be better than the first two. Nevertheless, I have to give it a TWO for not standing out.If you're interested in fresh, local, great-tasting food, RX is a great place for brunch. 
I went with a friend around 1:30 on a Saturday for brunch and there was no line or wait. The service was decent-nothing to write home about in either direction. 
The french toast with berries is absolutely delicious-and quite unlike the standard french toast you might find in a diner. I tried the pancakes-they were good, but quite standard. 
One of the real highlights was their Chai latte-it was yummy, although a bit expensive at $4.I know the restaurant has been closed for a bit, but I figured I would give an update as I've gone to Rx at least 6 times since my last review. Rx has definitely decreased in quality. I came with my family and 2/4 dishes were stone-cold as if they had been sitting out for 10+ minutes. My huevos racheros have been consistently excellent (I even had a dream about them once...) but friends I've brought who have ordered other things have been disappointed.Rx is my favorite spot for brunch. I love the cornflake crusted french toast and the yogurt and granola. The eggs are always tasty, too. Dinner is usually delicious, although I sometimes have a harder time finding an entree that suits my taste. The appetizers hit the mark, especially the Rx salad and their version of the Caesar salad with fried manchego cheese, delicious!Jonny has been telling me about RX for a while, and I'm always looking for new brunch spots.  I don't make the trip to West Philly too often, but I will in search of an excellent breakfast.
I rolled into RX around 11 on a Sunday morning with Rachel.  It was busy, but we were seated quickly.  The service was adequate throughout breakfast.  In terms of atmosphere, RX is a fine spot, it's a nice long dining room with some cheery decorations.  Judgement aside, RX also provides the opportunity to rub elbows with smarmy University City college student.  Be prepared.
The menu has a decent amount of options for breakfast, and I opted for the huevo ranchero: two over-medium eggs with salsa and black beans.  It wasn't quite filling, and I'm surprised that most of their breakfast dishes are served up solo, without any toast, potatoes, or any other sides.  Rachel ordered a standard eggs and bacon plate, which sounds boring, but seemed like one of the best options after I saw and tasted a bit.
Rx is a bit expensive for what you get, but overall I wouldn't complain about the price.  On the menu there's a note that there must be a $6 per person minimum, which I thought was funny.  The coffee is average, but rumor has it that the lemonade is the choice beverage.  It's a BYO, so it might be a nice spot for a dinner date.
Bottom Line: I said I'd make the trip for an excellent trip out to West Philly if it was in my neighborhood.  But it's just not that good.  It would be infrequent for me even if it was around the corner.  In this city, there are just so many better places.  The best thing going for RX is the focus on local and sustainable food, and they're not the only place doing this.  There just nothing that makes this place stand out.Something tells me Rx used to be a lot better.  That would explain the hype and excitement.  I've been two or three times for brunch and twice for dinner.  Each time, the food has been okay.  Not bad, but not great either.  (A few notable issues: the dinner options are almost entirely heavy "comfort food," my eggs came out cold on more than one occasion, and the french toast - made with thin bread coated in crunchy topping - puzzles me.) The interior lacks character now that they've gotten rid of a lot of the old pharmacy decorations, and the service can be slow and borderline-unfriendly.  Rx tends to attract a loud, fairly young crowd (especially for brunch).  I might come back if a group of friends wanted to go, but I probably won't return of my own accord.Went here for brunch with some friends who live in the area and had a delicious tofu stir fry. While everyone enjoyed their brunch, the portions were on the smaller side, but the BYOB policy made up for what the dishes lacked. The service was speedy and friendly, and the vintage pharmacy decor (especially the old-school scale in the bathroom) was an adorable touch.Budget friendly BYO: Rx does a regular Tues-Thurs $25 prix fixe (app, entree, dessert) with almost their entire dinner menu. A few items such as the steak have a $5 addition. I highly highly recommend these appetizers: dayboat calamari (generous portion, slightly addictive sweet & sour & spicy dipping sauce) and the tri-sausage & mustard plate. Desserts are also a lot of fun- some made in house, others by friends of the owners. I like that they try to source ingredients locally, and much of the meat is happy meat (ie pastured, grass fed).
Cute lowkey ambience, occasionally unprofessional service and it can get a little cold in winter if you're seated too close to the door.I've had very good food and service at Rx the handful of times I've been there for dinner. The calamari is excellent, and I've had great luck with fish and steak. The prix fixe is a solid deal and I need to get back there for it, as well as try the brunch sometime. Service is also top-notch. Highly recommended.I went for the first time last weekend was somewhat skeptical because of the mixed reviews.  I was pleasantly surprised with the Cream Chipped Beef and side of Scrapple (my heart wasn't as happy as my stomach, but the run the next day helped).  Staff was friendly and food was prompt.  Everyone enjoyed their meals and the price was right.  Ambiance was fine for a breakfast/brunch joint, the food made up for any shortcomings.  If you're in the area and the wait isn't too bad, give it a shot!Went here for dinner a week ago.  Having only lived in Philly for a little over four months, our dinner here gave me a different perspective on West Philly.  In general, I have really liked West Philly, but had only really gotten a taste for the local stop-and-go types of food establishments and hadn't yet experienced a nice sit-down meal in the area.
The atmosphere was immediately inviting and cozy.  We popped a bottle of our own wine (it seemed every table of guests took advantage of the BYOB) and I started out with the Hearts of Romaine salad, which was one of the best Caesar salads I've ever tasted.
Going on the recommendation of the waiter, I tried the Trout as my main course.  Not being a huge fan of fish, I decided to go for it anyway.  It was very good, although I was wishing I had gone for the Rib Eye after tasting my husbands dish!  It was more to my liking....Mmmm.
The waiter was friendly and the service must have been pretty decent, because I don't remember thinking "Where's the waiter?" 
We'll probably go again soon.This is a wonderful restaurant and I never go to Phila without eating here.The menu changes monthly and it's creative and delicious. Sunday brunch is a highlight (don't miss the huevos rancheros).  Service is excellent (thanks Ben!) and, for our money, it;s the best place in the area.You know when you taste something and you just know that it's so fresh? And it makes you smile just thinking about how happy your body must be eating it...ya that's Rx.
We waited about 25 minutes. We got a table for 6. It wasn't very cramped, but the space is small. The interior is cozy and very modern-country-cute. 
I wouldn't say it's any more pricey than the majority of places I've brunched in Philly. But the portions were much more reasonable than most other places, which I thought was a good thing.I frequent Rx for brunch and dinner.  I think all of the other reviews sum up the brunch experience pretty well, so I'll only comment on dinner.
Rx consistently offers the tastiest and freshest fish entrees I've ever eaten. Most recently I had the grilled Pentado (yummy soft white fish similar to Haddock) served over lemon shrimp risotto and green beans. The fish itself was so amazingly fresh and flavorful that it required nothing more than a dash of salt. The shrimp grits inspired lemony risotto was the perfect compliment to the simplicity of the fish. I was 100% satisfied.
The desert: This is why I gave 4 not 5 stars. I ordered the delicious banana caramel pie, served frozen. Very very good. The thick caramel topping made me feel indulgent without giving me a tooth ache. My only complaint is that the pie was served on a plate drizzled with a coffee flavored syrup. Ew. It really overpowered the other flavors. My boyfriend's pecan pie (which was just ok) was served the same way. 
Hey Rx, get rid o the coffee syrup!!!
All in all, a great restaurant that I will continue to frequent.So, me and my favorite couple ventured out to my next Dining days restaurant, RX. The minute we walked in, I loved the unpretentious decor that played on the theme of pharmacy. It was very subtle yet not over overbearing. Our server was most helpful & definitely friendly (I don't know why other people say that they've gotten poor service & rude servers). We most certainly got great service tonight. My friend G ordered the cornmeal calamari which was so tender that you wanted more helpings. My friend Suz ordered the salad with encrusted chevre, very fresh! I ordered the Beets w/strawberry salad drizzled with balsamic glaze. All 3 were divine! Moving on to our entrees, Suz ordered the trout encased in a very, very light batter w/jalapeno sauce served over a bed of black eyed-peas. I ordered the salmon served over potatoes & greens. G ordered the braised chicken that fell off the bone. This place is guaranteed to NOT disappoint you. the dessert were an encore of divine cooking. We all said, "we will definitely come back." Great job guys!Remember when Ruth Reichl started a shitstorm for giving a chinatown noodleshop two stars in the ny times?  how dare she!  two stars is for french restaurants that cost $100 per plate!
reichl said that value and doing something as well as it can be done (i.e. noodles) meant something, too.  well, rx gets the extra star from me for 1) always feeding me ingredients that are fresh, local, and ethical; and 2) coming to west philly back in '01 when NO ONE was in west philly.
do i have to wait for brunch if i show up at 12 on a saturday?  yeah.  is it the best brunch i've ever had? usually, yeah, it is.  do i care that i'm ass-to-jowl with the other diners?  no, because this is a NEIGHBORHOOD place.  i LIKE west philly flavor with my brioche french toast.
people on this list have complained about portions and pricing, and i find that pretty laughable.  if you want a trough of factory-farmed food, go elsewhere.  if you want to eat ethical, fresh, local food, beautifully prepared, don't expect it to come at globalised factory prices.
my favorite restaurant in philly, my favorite place to eat on the regular.Love the food, don't love the wait. Wish the space was just a tiny bit bigger. Also, while waiting an hour to be seated, I meandered to the green line for some coffee and wasn't allowed to bring it in once my table was ready. That experience sums up the service at Rx. It's not terrible, but you get the feeling that they really just don't care. My favorite things about Rx are the salmon, french toast (brioche with berries on top- mmmm!), and the artwork on the walls. When I grow up and start doing things like buying art, I need one of those brightly colored pics that looks like a scene from invader zim.If you're in West Philly this is your best bet for brunch... although it gets very busy within an hour of opening - so expect to wait at least 30 minutes if show up at noon or later.
I go probably every other weekend, either with my girlfriend, friends or family... and it's something I look foward to in the days beforehand. Very cosy, portions that leave you feeling full but not bloated and in the summer very nice outdoor seating (which is also very limited).
The food is very nice, although a little pricey, and the sevice is pretty laid back: so this might not be your favorite place if you are looking for a quick, cheap meal.Our family of four has been eating at Rx since our youngest was 5 years old, now he's 13!  It's a great byo in the neighborhood and we look forward to eating there for years to come.  New to the menu, beets, strawberries and balsamic vinegar.   No longer on the menu, but we wish it was there, chocolate bread pudding.  Enjoy!High Quality food in a very casual atmosphere.  The only negative thing I can say about Rx is that the chocolate chip pancakes had their chocolate chips embedded into the heart of the pancake rather than evenly dispersed throughout the dish.  The French Toast was ok .Eh, the food was ok not fantabulous like some of the reviews suggest.  I had egg whites and turkey sausage and split and order of french toast (which was quite tasty) with a friend.  Can't say that I was blown away or that I would make going back to RX a priority though I wouldn't go on a food strike if someone really wanted to have a meal here.We came for dinner on a Friday night and I was pretty disappointed. Rx is famous for decadent brunch, and in my experience, brunch places usually make for great low-key dinners (i.e. Honey's, Sabrina's...). Rx's dinner menu was both limited and pricey. I got the butternut squash stuffed with veggie protein...my husband got some kind of fish, I think.  It was fine, but nothing special.There are things I really like about RX: the great old pharmacy building, keeping the food local and fresh and seasonal, and staying in West Philly. The people watching from the street and a cup of steaming coffee on a cool morning is fantastic. 
That said, everything else about RX is just "meh." The waits can be incredibly long, and you can add another 30 minutes to that if you have a friend running late (they won't seat you until everyone is present). The food is uninspired, the portions small, the prices a bit higher than they need to be, and the service fleeting, cursory, and often overly rushed. This is  BRUNCH review, but many things about dinner remain the same.
The only reason this place is so bumping for brunch is because there isn't anywhere else to go. West Philly could easily support 5 more brunch spots - where are they?!?! I'd rather just hop on the El and go to another part of town than look at the same old menu at RX again.Brunch= awesome.    Dinner, not so much.  I had a really gross hamburger there last week.  The desserts are great, though!We came by for brunch at 2:30pm...and still had a 15 minute wait.  There are a couple of outdoor tables, but most seating is inside where it's a little noisy and can be difficult to hear someone across even one of the small tables.
I got the cheeseburger - it was a little small at 6 oz, but it was served with a sweet brioche bun and well prepared although it could use a little special sauce to enhance the flavor a little more.  The shoestring fries were soft and had the perfect amount of salt.
Desserts are, unfortunately, not available at lunch (evidently they are in the basement which must be much farther away than it sounds) and the kitchen starts to run out of things as the day goes on, so get there early if you want the full array of juice and entree options!The food was great, for brunch, so small we got sat by the door on a chilly morning.  I  could never imagine coming here with more than three people as the wait seemed to be long and uncomfortable.  The French Toast looked fancy, and the coffee was great.  Probably won't go there again, but only because there are so many place that are better.I was at Rx for a quiet weekday dinner. It seemed to be a slow night, probably because of the humid weather and rain. We skipped appetizers and only ordered entrees. I ordered the pumpkin risotto, which was so much more delicious than I was expecting. The plate was huge, so I ended up taking half home (best leftover lunch at work ever!). My date ordered the chicken pot pie, which she was kind enough to let me try. It was also absolutely delicious. The pie part was golden, crispy, and flaky, and the inside was creamy and delicious, with lots of veggies floating in there with the chicken. I hear the brunch is fabulous, I hope to try that sometime soon.i recently visited rx for dinner after a long hiatus (last went in the fall); to my surprise, i noticed that the portions shrank. the food was still thoughtfully and expertly prepared. the calamari is the best i have ever had. dessert is good but overwrought (are they trying to prove something?) of course, the service is still abysmal.Every weekend morning, RX wakes up, looks in the mirror, and thinks it's Sabrinas. The wait for a table is not a great way to start the morning. However, when you do finally make it in and havn't said fuck it, lets go to Philly Diner, you get a nice breakfast at a nice price. The turkey bacon is on the spot and the pancakes are just simply good.
I've never been much inclinded to go for dinner or lunch but it you have the patience, hit it for breakfast.OVERRATED!!
I've been here for both dinner and brunch and been underwhelmed on both occasions.  I went for dinner first.  The food was ok but I felt as though all of our dishes were pretty simple and I could have made it myself at home.
Brunch was really dissappointing :(  I am a big brunch person and really want to enjoy my food.  I'm not so worried about sitting outside wearing big sunglasses "being seen" doing brunch.  9 times out of  10 when I go for brunch I will have eggs florentine or some variation of this dish.  Here the spinach was freezing cold!  Like it had just come from ice water!  The poached egg was well cooked but cooled down by the freezing spinach and their was barely enough hollandaise to cover the dish.  The potatoes were pretty good and the freshly squeezed orange juice very nice.
If I had to come back here, maybe I could order differently and find something to enjoy but I certainly wouldn't go out out of my way to visit this restaurant again.
Also, I recently noticed they have decorated and removed all of the old shelving which I guess goes back to its apothecary days.  I thought that gave the place a certain charm and now it just looks like a plain room.....shame.This review is based upon the Sunday brunch.  Fabulous.  My wife had the french toast.  It was made with local ingredients, well portioned, and made up so sweet and tasty - the best she's had.
I enjoyed the bagel and lox.  Couldn't have been better.  Reasonable prices.I'm reviewing this place as a supper venue, not a brunch venue. And let me just say, it is exquisite. 
It's not usually too crowded for dinner. For those familiar with game theory, its like the El Farrol Bar problem: enough of a crowd so you don't feel like you're dining in a cemetery, but not so many to ruin your conversation. Additionally, their menu is seasonal and satisfying. Their portion sizes are perfect; I leave feeling satiated but not bloated. The best part about it is its BYOB status. They are not snobs. There is no corking fee, and you can bring in already opened bottles. This is ideal if you and  your dinner partner don't feel like sloshing an entire pinot noir. The service has been good when I've visited. Timely, unobtrusive, but not write-home-about-it exceptional. 
My current menu item favorite is the pumpkin pie crème brûlée. Crunchy on top, creamy underneath, and delicious all around. 
Thus, if you are a native West Philadelphian, it's worth your time to check out Rx for dinner.
Update: I went for dinner this month and had a less than thrilling gnocchi dish. While the gnocchi themselves were melty and mouth watering, they were paired with both corn and edamame. Not only was that too much starch, but those flavors are too similar for the combo to be appreciated. I think they need some more detail work with their vegetarian fare.We ate brunch here while visiting a few months ago (fine almost a year ago).  I remember the service as fairly slow, the food as decent, and drinking fresh squeezed orange juice.  It's the kind of brunch spot you would be happy to have in any neighborhood, but not so awesome that it's a destination unto itself.Brunch, brunch, brunch! As small as the space may be, the wait for a table of 6 wasn't long at all. My friends treated me to a lovely birthday (hangover) brunch a while back and everything was just what I was looking for. The decor is homey and comfortable, the juice is freshly squeezed, and the fellow diners range from the super-hip to the quiet-man-with-a-newspaper-and-smile. I had the eggs benedict with salmon and the dish simply melted in my mouth. I tend to go for the savory over sweet, but my friend ordered the french toast and after one bite, I knew what I would be getting my next time around. I really appreciated not being rushed out. My friends and I could sit an talk, enjoy our food, sip our coffee and truly enjoy eachothers company in our sun-soaked spot. 
It's also vegan friendly!Wow! Came here after church today and absolutely loved the place! The service was great and the waitress came over at least three times to check on us. I didn't get to have the coffee but after reading about the tin cans that it comes in, I must try it next time. I had the 2 egg platter with potatoes, turkey sausage (you can also choose bacon), and toast. It was delicious! I like my eggs sunny side up and RX did a nice job with that. The environment was really cozy. At time it got a little loud, but that's ok, it made the restaurant lively and fun. I highly recommend it and I plan on coming back again very soon!!Many people on here seem to be complaining about the service, but I went for brunch this past Sunday and had stellar service. Who cares if there isn't a host/ess station? The server in charge of seating was quick to notice new groups of people upon arrival. We were seated within 10 minutes which was pretty quick considering the large crowd of people waiting outside (and yes, the folks who got there before us were seated before us). I might avoid coming here if the weather's crappy and I wouldn't want to wait outside. Servers remembered our names, coffee refills were supplied attentively, and the food was out pretty soon after we ordered.
And onto the food.  First off, just let me say that I love the commitment this place has to local, seasonal food. Lots of items on the menu listed local farms where the food had come from. I ordered the 2 eggs platter which was somewhere around $7 - 2 free-range eggs done any way you want em (mine were scrambled), served with toast, potatoes, and bacon or turkey sausage (they were out of the turkey sausage which disappointed my friend, but I wanted the bacon anyway). Potatoes were a highlight - little sauteed triangles of deliciousness. Bacon was hearty. Eggs got cold pretty quickly which was unfortunate because they were yummy when they were warm. My friend's omelette ($9), stuffed with feta/spinach/plum tomatoes stayed warm through the meal and tasted pretty good. La Colombe coffee was $3 with unlimited refills and came out in stylish stainless steel mugs. 
Didn't spend much time inside, as we were seated outdoors, so not sure of the inside ambiance. But I'll be back to find out!I would give this place a 3.5/5. My sister and I got there early for brunch as they open at 10 and we got there at 9:40. We went back at 10:02 and there was already a line and people had been seated. We were still seated fairly quickly and in a couple of minutes we had our menus and water. 
About 10 minutes later our waitress came over and took our order and 15 minutes after that, our food arrived. I had ordered the huevos rancheros which I thought was great and my sister had the french toast which she says had "bad" berries (I assume she just didn't like the taste or texture of it). Another issue she had was that her iced tea had no ice in the cup and thus was lukewarm.
Overall, the experience wasn't bad. The wait staff was quick to clear our table and present our check which we were REALLY grateful for. Good food, good service. I HIGHLY RECOMMEND that if you do not want to wait forever for a table, get there as they open because it fills up quickly. Parking is street and I didn't have any trouble finding a spot in the area.Deal breaker: $9.00 chocolate chip pancakes
When one orders chocolate chip pancakes, one hopes for pancakes, with chocolate chips melted IN the pancake. Not thrown ontop and left to sit under the heat lamp. NINE DOLLARS for something that my lazy ass could have made for the same price. 
The coffee was stale and I am still positively offended about the pancakes. I will eat pretty much anything put in front of me (no, really, I'm basically a walking trash compactor) and I really wanted pancakes, so they were consumed. Rage eating is really healthy. 
The last time I ate here was three or four years ago, and the food was so underwhelming I had avoided it since then. However, when a dear friend of mine wants a break-up brunch talk, who am I to question where she wants to eat. 
Also, five bucks for chai? Seriously? Starbucks, you are not. Cut the crap. 
I'm being generous and giving them two stars, since the waitress I had was not only adorable but oddly perky for this disgusting rainy day.I've never done the brunch at Rx, which I hear is outstanding. I've been for dinner, however, and I was far from disappointed! The caesar salad with the fried cheese cubes was my absolute favorite, though the rest of the meal was extremely delicious. Yes, the service was a bit slow, but this isn't a place you go to if you want to eat and get out quickly. Take your time, savor the wonderful cooking prowess of the chef, and enjoy time with friends or family. It's worth it, trust me.I have wanted to try Rx for quite some time and was excited about my first visit with a friend for her birthday several weeks ago. Unfortunately, as Christopher R. writes, brunch spots get a certain amount of (un)deserved hype that doesn't always correspond to a great meal. 
I was a little disappointed by the menu and the seeming lack of variety it presented. I ordered the cornflake crusted fresh toast with fresh berry compote. The french toast was completely lacking in substance and a thicker, challah-type bread or a brioche would have been a much better contender. The berry compote, while very fresh, could have used a dollop of sugar or honey to even out the tart flavor of the raspberries. The coffee was good and the waitstaff attentive about refills. The prices were reasonable for the fare, but I'd still stick out a wait at Honey's or Sabrina's before returning here. It's getting harder and harder to avoid the hipster crowd at known "brunch" joints, but at least I can count on a hearty, tried and true meal at those spots.Went here for brunch because everyone says it's "amazing"
It's alright:
We got in at around 9:55, it was raining and the waitress told us to wait outside till it was 10am when they opened. I get it, we were a little early, but really? The manager told us we can wait inside - after he saw us waiting right outside the door under the awning. 
Now the food: It as ok. It was great, it wasn't bad.I had the salmon poached eggs. The eggs were cooked too long! They were completely solid, it was as though I just had a hard-boiled egg on top of my English muffin. The home fries were good, but the egg was just really disappointing. 
Their coffee however: bottomless cup for $2 or this incredible coffee - that's at least worth it. I would have given two stars had it not been for the coffee.Brunch here was a mixed bag and I feel badly because my impression may be partially skewed, as I waited for a friend who was 40 minutes late. When I'm food and caffeine-less my judgements become harsh and unyielding. 
First, I really just love the space. It screams "happy, sunny brunch" with light pouring in through the windows and butter-yellow walls. I have a feeling even if it hadn't of been the most gorgeous of Spring days, it would still feel sunshiney bright in there. 
The best brunch places offer you coffee if you have to wait to be seated. It eases the sting. Not only do they not do that here, but our waitress only finally gave us coffee (after an extra request) after our food came. So not cool.
Speaking of the waitress. She was beautiful and sharply dressed, but she could give a crap about us and our stupid wishes for food. She wasn't rude but you know, just totally slow, indifferent, and unapologetic. 
When I asked if I could get eggwhites in my frittata she said "No, we make them ahead of time." Which is cool. I can handle egg white rejection like a big girl but she could've been a tad sweeter. Of course if she had brought us coffee before we ate I probably wouldn't have even noticed. 
The afformentioned frittata was very tasty, albeit not warm. It was chock-full of fresh zuchini and turkey sausage. The salad was also a nice complement - with a zippy dressing and fresh leaves (you know how you can tell when restaurants use old or bagged lettuce? They definitely don't). 
I left a little hungry but I realized I think I'm just used to disgusting, ridiculous portions when I go out to eat. This portion was normal but with a skewed sense of reality, seemed on the small side. 
Overall, meh. Food and space was pleasant, but the service needs a tune-up.I went to RX for the first time today and realize that maybe appearances are not everything.  I wanted to try RX because the place is usually packed, which is a good indicator for good food, but in this case I was wrong.  I ordered the eggs florentine (poached eggs over sauteed spinach and english muffin) and was so disappointed to throw away $9.  The entire dish was just bland.  I believe the sauteed spinach was sauteed in water, and nothing else.  I added some salt and pepper, but really there was no depth to the dish.  
Service was less than mediocre.  I had to ask for more coffee, and the waitress came towards the end of the meal to see how things were going.  
The one and only pro of this place is that they serve La Colombe coffee.  I may revisit RX and try the french toast (which looked pretty good), but again appearances are not everything, and maybe I should just stick to what I know.I went here during the dining days promotion and was really pleased. My server was really attentive and helpful in suggesting menu items that were on the dining days menu, as well as allowing us to order off of it as well. i LOVE a byob, and outdoor seating and this had both. My pasta was delicious, the vegetables so fresh, and the salad was completey refreshing (apples and walnuts, yum!)  
pros- outdoor seating, byob, DELICIOUS, environmentally conscious
cons- could have a bigger menu, with more options, and may be expensive when not on dinning days deal, but I will be back to confirm!This is one of my favorite brunch spots in all of Philly. It's local to me, easy to walk to, and I know that I can stroll over sometime in the afternoon on the weekends and not have to wait long to be seated.
Rx serves up dishes made from locally found, seasonal, mostly organic ingredients. The basic breakfast - two eggs, home fries, toast, and choice of sausage or bacon - is a comfortable $6. They offer several very different choices, from standard breakfast options to mini-burgers, and a couple of vegan options. Portions are perfect. The coffee is wonderful and served up in sleek metal mugs that you can actually purchase. I love the staff. Everyone is chatty and friendly, and I have never felt like I should leave less than a 20% tip.
I've never had a bad experience there, and will go back again and again. I wouldn't recommend going with more than four people, as the place is pretty small and the wait can be kind of long at the height of the brunch rush. Also, if your wait is insane and you don't feel like just standing around the whole time, take a walk up 45th Street closer to Walnut - there's a huge thrift store there.I came on a Sunday morning, right at 10am, when Rx's brunch officially begins. (This was a fluke-- my friends and I just happened to plan to eat at 10). Well, yay for good timing, because we got seated immediately (which I was grateful for, since I've read about the long waits for brunch). We sat outside, and enjoyed the lovely sunshine and the quietness of the Sunday morning atmosphere of this quiet, tree-lined section of Spruce Street. Ah. And the food was delicious. There is a limited menu, but I think that's because everything is totally homemade and unique, so you might not get a lot of choices, but everything is made with care, it seems. So. Homemade and healthy and bursting with flavor-- what more can you ask for? My friend ordered french toast with berries, and it was amazing. And the orange juice was some of the freshest freshly squeezed orange juice I've ever tasted. It tasted like the oranges had been picked that morning and squeezed freshly into a glass just before being served to me... My mouth is watering... In any event, I highly recommend this place. Come, and come early.I *finally* went to Rx tonight.  It's been on my list of places to try for a long time based on reviews.  The food was delicious.  I had the organic butter lettuce salad, the veggie and ear pasta dinner (the corn, squash and other veggies were unbelievable fresh!!) and the peach and blueberry cobbler for dessert.  Super fantastic delicious all around.  The service was also wonderful.  
Our waiter was really attentive and helpful.  We had a super crazy warm (yep, never good to leave the vino in the car in the summer....) bottle of wine and he stuck in in the freezer for a bit to get it cooled off.  
This is definitely on my list to go back to, although brunch must be the next meal.Sunday Brunch was great. Always satisfying LaColumbe Cofee paired with a tasty and filling fritatta.
This would have been a 5 star review but they had just seated and dismissed a very large party- and the staff seemed a bit tired, and our food arrived on the chilly side-
Except for that minor issue- an enjoyable experience that was off the beaten path- in an area which suddenly has become very walkable/livable.
Thanks, Rx- We'll be back to try your evening fareOk, so it's not Sabrina's and it's not Carmen's, but for brunch in West Philly it's damn good and the best thing on this side of the river.
Cute space, affordable prices and decent service--I've never had the problems others have with servers here.  
As far as the food:
The bottomless cup of coffee is a very, very good thing, as is the fresh squeezed OJ.  The eggs benedict dishes are hit or miss, I've had them just right and I've had them overcooked/lukewarm.  The frittatta is usually awesome, as are the pancakes and granola.  My favorite dish here?  The hangar steak and eggs with a side of toast and bacon, although you have to be quite hungry to polish it all off.  Get the steak medium, it's too chewy rare.Sabrina's of West Philly!
Food is prepared so well, I actually tried my very first brussel sprout here, which was delicious! Amazing brunch menu--you MUST get their French toast and La Columbe coffee, and dinner is just as amazing. The menu, and restaurant's, focus remains on local food, so the food is not as unique as Sabrinas, but their dinner beats Sabrinas hands down.
I do agree that service could use some improvement, but I think it has more to do with the small size and large crowd. 
You can eat outside in the nice weather, which is hard to find in a byo. The proximity of Penn and Drexel are definitely apparent with the crowd--lots of students and professors, along with neighborhood families.
Note, if you order the branzino be prepared to have a HUGE WHOLE fish come out, a la Heathcliff!one got the feeling early on that Rx would compete with the Twenty Mannings and  the Forks, but instead has settled into being the comfortable neighborhood BYO for the the regulars of Penn faculty and students alike.
Dependable food at decent prices.  Service is split between being timely and testing your patience.  If you're sitting outside in fair weather, do NOT look for timely.Excellent spot for brunch.  We went with friends who used to work here, so maybe that helped us get seated with lightning quickness and service from bright shining faces, but either way, the food spoke for itself.
I got the steak and eggs (which was amazing, cooked perfectly medium rare and sliced thin, accompanied with eggs and a small handful of delicious sauteed spinach), so did my girlfriend, and we both tore into our friend's french toast (he claimed he couldn't finish - it was incredible, with a light crispy texture and blueberry compote on top - pretty much the best french toast ever).  Coffee was served up in steel mugs and was just as eye-opening and delicious as the meal. 
Very impressed.  Definitely getting the french toast when I return.French toast is great, so is the coffee. Some of the other items are not quite as described, "huevoes rancheros" are good, but not traditional huevos rancheros, hollandaise sauce appears to just be egg yolk and the "brioche" french toast is made with regular sliced bread.
I've always had good service and the prices are reasonable for the amount of food.
All in all the best option in West Philly. Just be prepared for some, small, surprises when the food is served.Headed to Rx the other weekend with a couple of pals for a bit of Sunday brunch. I was much happier with my menu choice on this trip as the mushroom and spinach omelet was so tasty that I ran out to grab a stash of ingredients to repeat the whole thing at home the following week. 
The oyster mushrooms were a unique way to spice up a traditional omelet where most places would just use conventional, button 'shrooms. The spinach was tender and not the least bitter from overcooking. They used just the right amount of eggs as well - I'm guessing 3 as opposed to IHOP's whopping 6. I just wish it had come with a side of something - potatoes, fruit salad, regular salad...as my plate seemed kind of empty.
I would have liked to see some new menu additions since my last review in the Fall. Maybe I missed them? Maybe I forgot what was even on the menu last time. It's possible. I do know that they still have the tofu stir fry and the corn flake-crusted french toast. Given their limited menu, I think that they could really do a lot with seasonal items and unique flavors. 
I still enjoy the coffee which they keep coming at regular intervals. If you're feeling high class, order a mimosa and sip into the afternoon. For the price, Rx still beats cereal and milk at home.Nice ambiance and high quality food. My only complaint is that the brunch portions are a little small for the price.Rx is a frustrating mix of delicious food and horrendous service.  Wait time in any remotely nice weather is incredibly long, and I swear the people  "taking names" just let people inside in a random, arbitrary order.  There is little room to wait to be seated, and the serving staff is sometimes nice, sometimes apathetic. 
The food is pretty great.  Which makes it all the more annoying to wait for an hour on average and put up with less than stellar service.  For some places (Sabrina's), I'm MORE than happy to wait until I go gray for my grub, but Rx just isn't good enough.The food is solid here, but the behavior of the owner and the staff simply make this place one star at best. First, the wait staff is rude, untimely and can't even get the most simple requests without at least three reminders. 
Ok, so i sound a bit heavy-handed, but let me assure everyone that I don't make snap assessments and actually went to this place like 7 times (due to its close location) to give this place 2nd and 3rd chances and also tipped well for poor service just to see if they would change their tune. NOPE. This is the only place you will go where both the owner and staff get a kick out of telling you what they CAN'T do for you. 
This place is one of the only brunch places in its immediate area so they take that as license to act with impunity. Well i say with the hundreds of Brunch places in Philly with better food and outstanding service: AVOID THIS PLACE LIKE THE PLAGUE!really cute decor, drinks served in beakers, great, fresh food, cozy feel.Okay. This was straight up delicious. We had some amazing bread to start, and I had the butternut squash risotto with hazelnuts and elephant garlic. A bad breath beauty. Creamy, not too heavy, and not too sweet from the squash. 
We must have come in on a good night, because I didn't experience the bad service everyone mentions - just SLOW service. There's a difference. We probably didn't mind because my group wasn't in a hurry. Also, it was nice to have the chef come out and answer our questions about the menu. 
Overall a great experience - looking forward to going back and hoping for another great meal.My boyfriend (who happens to be a chef) and I headed to Rx for brunch this morning.  I was rather nervous because I am a VERY picky eater and tend to stay away from organic/ healthy restaurants out of fear that the food will taste like dirt.  Much to my surprise, my experience here was fantastic.
I ordered the Corn -flake crusted French toast with berry compote after a suggestion from our waitress and a coffee.  My boyfriend got the eggs Benedict, one of his favorite dishes.  The coffee was rather strong, which is why I believe some people who have posted previous reviews feel that it was stale.  No darlings, that is the taste of real coffee.  With a splash of fresh cream and some raw sugar, it was perfect. When our food came out the presentation was very cute and simple.  My French toast was to die for!  The bread was cooked perfectly and the cornflake crust kept it from becoming soggy under the berries.  It was sweet enough that syrup was unnecessary.    The eggs Benedict was also very tasty.  My boyfriend tried to explain the smoky flavor in some technical term, but I can only describe it as good.  His only complaint was that the eggs were slightly over-cooked.  The potatoes could have used a little zest, but they served their purpose.
The atmosphere was very homey and quaint.  There was a good mix of costumers as well, from trendy couples to groups of frat boys.  I have heard there are lines to get into the restaurant on some mornings and now I understand why.  
The food was a little pricey, but that is to be expected when the quality is well- done.  I will return, but would not make this a frequent stop only because my bank account would suffer.  Parking was not bad, but I could have gotten lucky.I went here for brunch a few weeks ago when my sister came to visit and we were both completely blown away by one of the menu items!  Guess which one?  We were sharing it and it was so delicious that we had a minor visual standoff over who could have the last bite. Ok, drumroll...
IT WAS THE YOGURT WITH GRANOLA AND HONEY.
Yes, I realize that it is ridiculous, but damn this yogurt was SO GOOD.  It was fresh, organic, and local with local granola and honey drizzled on top. I realize that most people probably don't go out to brunch thinking "I could really go for some yogurt," but if you go here, GET IT. 
The rest of the food and service was meh.  I got a vegetarian burrito and it was pretty good, but mostly because of what tasted like the freshly-made tortilla. 
Regardless, I will be back, if only for the yogurt.Absolutely fantastic food! Mainly go there for brunch on Sundays. Be ready to wait a little though. Food out of this world. Must start with the Orange juice and get the Rancheros and Granola no matter what. Other favorites include Dieter's Delight, tho it's anything but!!! Service can be a little slow at times!!!OK... we went to Rx 2 weeks ago, and let me just say RX SUCKS!!!!!!!!!! First of all, our waiter had a very non-chalant attitude and wasn't very friendly to us. I asked if I could order my eggs in my crabcake benedict SCRAMBLED instead of poached. He said he would go ask the cook.  He came back about 10 seconds later and said the cook couldn't do it. EXCUSE ME???? I have always ordered my eggs this way at other restaurants and it is never a problem. I mean, think about it, all you're doing is throwing a couple eggs in the pan, whisking and stirring.  
Well, I was a bit taken aback.  Nevertheless, I found something else on the menu because my bf really wanted some cornflake frenchtoast. So.. I ordered the simplest thing on the menu, eggs and toast. I asked for them scrambled with onions and cheese, and again he said he needed to ask the cook if they could do it. He comes back again and told me the cook said no. They had no cheese or onions to make the eggs. We have been to RX before, and I ordered my eggs this way with no resistance from the waitress or cook. At this point, I knew one or BOTH of them were just being an a- -, so we told him forget it, and left.
The thing that pissed me off the most was how the waiter made no attempt whatsoever to accommodate us or get us to stay. He could have been more apologetic (no apology was offered), he could have suggested something else on the menu, but he did nothing. He honestly didn't care if we stayed or went. I guess RX doesn't need their customers.I had been "saving" Rx for a special treat, and was really excited to come for brunch when i showed up with my three girlfriends for a special sunday morning... It was *such* a dissapointment.  My coffee was cold, scrambled eggs crumbly overcooked, and the salad that came with the eggs wasn't that fresh.  My friends were good sports, but the real insult came with the 20% service charge that was tacked on to the bill -- we were only a party of FOUR 'fer cryin out loud... Maybe i just came on an off day, but  I'm not going back in a hurry.I keep reading that the service for Sunday brunch is hit or miss. I definitely had a hit. But the food was
MEH! 
I had boring and bland huevos rancheros while my friend had soggy french toast. 
I don't think a freight train could carry me back.Surprised this isn't more hype. It is your classic american basics with some creative enhancement. Fair prices, good coffee, quick service, totally comfortable. Walked by this place for years and never ate there until recently. I sincerely regret that. French toast is next level and tin mugs for coffee adds a touch of socialism for good measure. 
Bottom Line: Skip Sabrinas line/prices it's what the Doctor ordered.