This place is awesome. They have great halal food that is as good as it gets. I came here on a Saturday night and it was super busy. Took about 20-25 minutes just to get our food (1 cheesesteak with everything and 1 chicken maroush) and all the while we had to wait for people to finish and leave just so we had a place to sit and eat. 
The restaurant is small and crowded but its also probably because it was a Saturday night on a 3 day weekend. The service was great and Saad and his crew are super friendly, helpful, and humble. He didnt even want me to pay until I was done eating! 
The only thing that is kind of annoying is his payment policy. Cash and debit card only! No credit cards allowed. He does have an ATM inside if you need but also if you plan to use your debit card, only purcahses $30 and over are allowed. Other than that this place has great food, portions, and people. Definitely returning next time im in Philly.The Chicken Maroosh is enough for me to drive from northern New Jersey to Philadelphia and enjoy. I'm serious. I love this place and I love Saad. Can't wait to go back back. The Chicken Maroosh guys, order it. You will NOT regret it.I have had only one experience with this restaurant but it is definitely a unique one - and NOT in a good way. 
I was in Philly visiting family and we decided to give the place a try. The food itself was mediocre at best but that alone would not earn a place the dubious honor of a single star. Rather, it was a situation that occurred with our order. The restaurant got our order wrong so we called back. Instead of trying to remedy the situation, the person on the other end - presumably Saad himself - lashed out angrily with insults and hung up. How this place continues to thrive with customer service and management like that is beyond me.Best chicken sandwich in Philly!!  The chicken maroosh is one of a kind. Amazing chicken, tomatoes, pickles, and the tasty garlic sauce. I recommend getting extra for your fries.Best cheesesteaks in the city; hands down.  Something about that halal meat, I guess... none of those hormones, steroids, epinephrine, or cortisol!  The lamb shwarma is great too.  Can't go wrong with Sa'ads.  The prices are reasonable and the food is delicious.  My only grip is that it has really outgrown its space.  I rarely eat there, so doesn't bother me.  I wholeheartedly recommend this place.Definitely my go to sandwiches. The chicken tawook maroosh is a favorite of mine, and last night, with just 10 minutes left til closing I got the craving. I called in quickly and they said that if i could make it by 9pm closing, my food would be ready. I sprinted over in shorts and I wasn't disappointed- the sauce is perfect, the veggies were crunchy and I managed to eat the whole thing, though I wish I had half left for today. 
From their sides to their sandwiches to their platters, they put a lot of love into the work they do and they do it quickly.Great food, great service, try the chicken Maroosh sandwich. 
Tips:
Call ahead and get your food to go, because there is limited seating available. 
It is very cold in the winter time.Delicious food. Got the chicken maroosh sandwich (most popular item) and it was incredible. Would definitely recommend if you're into this kind of foodAs a vegetarian, the Falafel was one of the worst things I have ever had. It was dry, the pita was dry, they had no authentic hot sauce and the white sauce was completely overrated. The hummus was absolutely tasteless. They need to do better not sure how, but definitely need to improve.Prices are good and portions are epic! The chicken maroosh really is what hit the spot for me. Chicken was tender and very flavorful. As an Arab, I thought this place was the best mix of Authentic and Americanized Arabic food. You literally get the best of both worlds. Nothing on this menu is bad. Saad (owner) is very friendly and actually wants you to really enjoy your food. Yes the seating wasn't the best but screw that the food deserves 150%! 
PS: Food is very addictive! I'm full and I still want to go back and eat the rest of the food!OMG best resturant ever. Even the fries were amazing. Portions and prices are amazing. Literally couldn't ask for anything better.best french fries I have ever had.  ever.  you might wait a long time if you go at lunch or dinner unless you call your order in.  the falafel is pretty excellent as well, but mostly I just care about the french fries.The Chicken Maroosh sandwich here is probably one of the best sandwiches IN THE WORLD...
...and the Lamb Shawarma sandwich is even better!
Saad's definitely keeps you well-fed. Each sandwich could probably feed two grown-ups or four children. They are made to order with fresh ingredients. The Chicken Maroosh is well-seasoned, while the Lamb Shawarma is flavorful and tender. The food does take some time to come out, so be sure to plan accordingly. I haven't tried any of the other items, but I don't feel like I need to. These two sandwiches already complete my life!Yo...I just got put onto some new stuff.  The wings are legit.  Get the garlic sauce to go with them.i am so happy to have saad's in my neighborhood! 
delicious falafel, bangin' stuffed grape leaves, and i don't know what exactly chicken maroush is, but it is the best thing i have ever had in or around my mouth.
LOVE this place.Amazing food at this place! For vegetarians and non vegetarians who love middle eastern food, this is the spot! You're gonna love the hot sauce and white sauce its to die for. The only issue I have is that this place is too damn small and its absolutely run down which is why i give it 4/5 stars!Excellent.  So much food and everything was perfect.  I had to get the chicken maroosh.  Was incredibly!!!  The tabuli was delicious.  Hubby got the Philly cheese steak.  He did a face plant into the sand which and ate the whole thing  before I even finished my first half.  Portions are large. I ate half my son which before I took the pic.  LolWe were first introduced to Saad's in 2013. We come to philly many many times a year, and no trip is complete for my son without a stop at Saad's. Today probably marks our 25th visit. 
We always order the chicken maroush, a side of extra white sauce and onion rings. It's his favorite philly meal.you all are so right that saad is the world's friendliest business owner.  all smiles.  seemed to know a lot of his customers. 
i would say the felafels and hummos were good but not stellar.  i favor mama's slightly.  
the decor was was cosy and dated in a good way.  i'm only 25, but i imagine it looking much like your neighborhood mcdonalds circa 1973.  no complaints there. 
i would go back any day of the week (except sundays, when they're closed, i should know, i keep trying!!!) just for the excellent service and comfy place to eat some cheap foods.  i wish there were a half-star option because i would give it to them, but they fall just short of my four-star mark of excellence.Saads is known to be an institution for Halal Philly Cheesesteaks in the Tri-State, DMV area. I came here for the cheesesteak and I was satisfied by it. It's good. It's really good. It's not great. I've had better. I guess it's the only big halal restaurant that has stood the test of time when it comes to halal philly cheesesteak. 
The sandwich that wills this review a 5-star rating all on its own is their best selling dish at Saads:
The Chicken Maroosh.
What does the Chicken Maroosh consist of? Fresh grilled chicken, the freshest herbs and spices, pickles, tomatoes, and the BREAD. My GAWD, the bread is perfection. I would come back to this spot just for the bread. I mean it was crisp on the outside and so warm and fluffy on the inside even with all the piping hot grilled chicken and fresh mayo within the sandwich. And the sandwich is a footlong. I have to mention, the herbs come through really well in a sandwich that seems to be overflowing. This sandwich is perfectly balanced. I loved it. I can't wait to go back and order like 4 more Chicken Maroosh sandwiches lol.
DOWNSIDE:
-Very long wait
-No room inside to move aroundNot sure what's all the fuss about - maybe I order the wrong stuff? Nevertheless, the food was very tasty, but a bit on the pricey side for what you get. The decor is nothing exciting, but there's plenty of space to get a small group of friends together. If I wanted to get some Middle Eastern food in W Philly this would probably be it.
edit: I've finally tried their Chicken Marousch, which was highly recommended by y'all. I've eaten it several times now, so I bumped them up to 4 stars. Still overpriced in my opinion, but it is all halal..Omg...so freaking delicious. Get the chicken maroush...seriously get it. 
Also, the hummus...did I mention the maroush?Mmmm Saad's.
The chicken maroosh is awesome, as is the lamb shawarma (try that maroosh way too). It's more like pulled lamb though, so if you're expecting the usual gyro-type shaved shawarma you'll be disappointed. But it's super good, even better than your typical shawarma because it's more like eating real meat and not some mysterious amalgam of random animals and their unknown parts. The garlic yogurt sauce is fantastic too, and given the chance I would probably immerse myself in an inflatable pool filled with this delicious substance. 
Cash only, which can be annoying. Especially since the platters are kind of expensive. And the area can be a little sketchy. But that's all worth braving for Saad's. Especially since Saad himself is such a sweetheart.i like them. good service (5 stars) howwver i took yelpers advice on the chicken maroosh (on pressed looking hoagie type bread) made me sick as a dog.....not a good look at all. so i personally give 3 starsHeard about this place from an Uber driver.  Asked what his favorite place for a cheesesteak was in Philadelphia and expect to hear Pats, Genos, Jims, or D'elassandros.  To my surprise, his answer was "Saad's."
Their cheesesteaks are great, but since becoming a patron of Saad's I've become a fan of the Chicken Maroush.  Prices are reasonable, but service can take a while so calling ahead for pickup would be a wise choice.  Also -- bring cash!
Really great place!Great food and lots of vegetarian options. All their food is Halal and flavorful. I love their falafel sandwich, which is wrapped in pita bread. It only has street parking which can make it a challenge during busy hours, like lunch time. But it worth it!Good God, the amount of food I can get with $20 can feed an elephant for a week.  Well, that's an exaggeration, but they really give you a lot for your money. 
I have eaten the Lamb Shawarma, Lamb Shawarma the Maroosh Way, Cheese Fries, Kafta Kabob Sandwich, and Falafel Sandwich.  All of which are delicious goodness doused in garlic sauce and colorful leafy vegetables.  I always ask for cheese on the side or only a little cheese sauce because they overload you with the cheese (and fries because I can't finish that).  If anything, I recommend the lamb over the kafta kabob.  Also, if you're deciding between the Maroosh Way and the regular shawarma sandwich, the sandwich is the soft pita bread and the Maroosh Way is the super long toasted bread as seen in my pictures.  I prefer the Maroosh Way because it's less messy to eat, gives a nice crunchy texture to the otherwise soft meat/vegetables, and whatever bread they buy is some quality bread.  
They don't actively enforce the "No Cell Phone" rule, but it's pretty cute.  There's also an outlet or two by one of the tables if you need to charge your phone, though.  Credit card minimum is like 30 bucks or something, but there's an ATM and it only charges a $1 fee.  
Also, when you come here, just seat yourself at a table and order up front.  Additionally, there's a cart of utensils, plates, take-out boxes, bags, and napkins that you can freely get yourself.Had a nice dinner here with my brother earlier this week. I've been on campus for a really long time, but had somehow never tried Saad's before. The thing that I liked most was the atmosphere. Saad's is a little corner eatery with a no-frills aesthetic, but welcoming at the same time. I enjoyed the diversity of the crowd, and the atmosphere was lively and vibrant.
We ordered a couple of dishes to share so that I could try a few different things off the menu. We got an order of the falafel, which is very good here. We also got the famous chicken maroosh (maroush?) sandwich. I have to say that I was less crazy about it than most of the reviewers. The main problem for me was that there was too much white sauce, which tasted mayo-based. I liked the pickles in the sandwich and the texture created by the bread being pressed in a toasting device. We also got the fries, which are a sleeper order--often overlooked, but seriously good here. 
One improvement I would suggest would be making a homemade hot sauce to provide to people (like me) who like really hot food. Not much here to make your food spicy, just run-of-the-mill hot sauce. 
The staff was super nice during all of the interactions we had with them. Liked them very much.
Overall, not a bad spot.Love the food here, order the cheesesteak. It's definitely worth the money. The wait wasn't to long. The employees help out tooI actually didn't enjoy the food I ordered at Saad's (chicken maroush), but that was a matter of taste, not quality. The sandwich itself was very well-made. The toasted bread tasted like bread I'd get from a high-end suburban super market, and the chicken and sauce blended really well together. A lot was going on in the sandwich, but it didn't get soggy or messy like some hoagies can get. Highly recommend for an affordable, high-quality meal.I love this place. It's my regular Halal boo thang. The service is friendly, quick, and efficient. Saad's is the ONLY place I go for shwarma. The lamb in the shwarma isn't as gamey and that distinctive lamb taste isn't as strong (which is a good thing, in my case.) The texture is melt-in-your-mouth tender, similar to pulled pork. The garlic sauce in the shwarma is also to die for! The chicken shwarma is also pretty good for those not crazy about lamb, but it's all white meat, which I don't care for as much.
The falafel is decent, but the lemon flavor is a bit over-powering than other falafels I've had.
However, they have an American-style fried fish sandwich. It's pretty simple: a huge fried fish filet on a kaiser roll, topped with lettuce, tomato, American cheese, ketchup, and pickles. But it's so good that it manages to sometimes seduces me away from the lamb's allure. Or I try to sucker whoever I'm with to split both with me.Positive: High quality, flavor-full meals served the "maroosh way".
Negative: The surrounding area may seem somewhat run down if you are not from Philly.  The owner is very busy and therefore may seem to be a bit unfriendly on some days.
Overall: Excellent, Flavorful Middle Eastern and American dishes for which you would want to come back every time  you visit Philly or go to school in the surrounding area.The food was great,  the service was excellent,  will come back again, we are from Jersey and we're in the hospital with my son,  doctors here recommended this place,  great food and the owner is super pleasant and professionalBeyond my expectations. The lamb maroosh was so flavorful and nothing like the gyro meet that people have come to associate with halal. Watching the staff at work, I felt for a moment transported to the middle east.Good, cheap, reliable halal food. 
Chicken kabob platter was delicious with tender flavorful grilled chicken. They let you substitute the rice with a spinach salad and still give you two sides! It's enough food to split between two people and they have no problem letting you do that by giving you two plates. All platters come with two sides: best sides are the baba ghanouj and hummus. 
I also had their beef kabob sandwich which was good but nothing to write home about.Friendly owners and quick service, only issues is its cash only and the crazy long lines make it crowded inside so seating is limited. Luckily they have an ATM inside for convenience. My fave philly cheesesteak in the city, and their chicken maroush is one of a kind, ive never had another sandwich like it. Also for a sandwich spot their pistachio baklava was on point.If you want the best Halal and or just flat out Middle Eastern food, this is the place. 
And sorry Pats, Jims, and Genos, but this place has the best cheese steaks as well. No one can compete. No one. 
Been going here for the past 7 years, maybe longer, and the quality in food never goes down. The prices are very reasonable. 
If you want take out, then call before hand usually 20 minute wait depending on the rush. Usually you can find a place to eat inside, but its always busy.Believe in the hype, Saad's Halal is the place to be for the best lamb shawarma in all of Philly.
Must get: lamb sandwich, hummus
Meh: falafel, baba ganoush, spinach pie with feta, pita bread
Missed: grilled chicken, large hoagies
When you find a place that is so beloved by the community where you see the line start to form outside the establishment for fast (but delicious) food, you know you're in the right place. As a full disclosure, I love great food and Saad's got me covered. For beginners, I do recommend the following:
1. Read the menu beforehand
2. Wait in line, look out for free seats
3. Order everything 'to go' unless you have seats already
4. Order more food than you expect, because if you like something, you don't want to wait another 30 minutes again
5. Repeat and tell everyone
The best thing about Saad is definitely the lamb sandwich. Oh that tender juicy and well packed lamb-filled flavor bomb is still rekindling all forms of happiness that only comes with good ol' fashion cooking. The sandwiches  appear very small, but trust me, they are super compact and hit your gut where it counts. I'm not a super big fan of falafels, and I must admit that Saad's falafel were...ok, a bit cold and seemed more as an after-thought to the lamb spotlight. The falafel sandwich, however, managed to take something that was a bit dry and turned it into gold. That being said, I do recommend the veggie platter, which contains a grape leaf, mounds of spinach, tabbouleh and very generous portions of bana ganoush and hummus.
While I didn't get the American menus, I can see that everyone who ordered a hoagie size sandwich were eating from a plate of food that I can only fathom is meant to be served to a giant, not a mere mortal.
Overall, if you don't mind seeing tons of meeting waiting anxiously while you eat your amazing lamb sandwich, Saad's the place to be.
Food: 5 stars
Service: 4 stars
Ambiance: 3 stars
Price: 5 starsGreat food! Love the simplicity!  Adore Saad and his family working the grill + counter :)  What people keep saying about trauma from having to put away their cell phones for a good 20-30 minutes while they eat their delicious food is just silly!  I asked Saad what his rationale was for sending cell phone-talkers outside and his theory was easy: a person who's distracted won't appreciate the saavory meals that Saad and his staff so carefully craft for their customers OR those people who do appreciate the food and enjoy every last morsel may be interrupted from their euphoria by blabber mouth customers.  Come on guys, I know we're living in the West, but when you step into this place, you're really experiencing the Middle East....so just take it in :)
My favorites: Shish tawook, kebbeh, any of their keftas, ba'lawa and falafel.  Note, Saad's closes shop on Friday ONLY BTWN 1:30-2:30pm for Friday prayer.After reading the reviews on Yelp, I chose to go to Saad's for lunch. The food was amazing. I ordered the Chicken Shish taook platter ( forgot the right spelling) and it was perfect. 
The chicken was cooked just right, as my daughter said not over cooked nor undercooked.Oh man!  Saad's Halal Restaurant makes some great food!!  I won't take much space repeating what others have stated about his delicious falafel, hummus, and grape leaves.  And I also concur that Saad himself is a super nice man and really cares about his customers.  
There are two things that I will recommend highly: (1) the kofta sandwich (amazing yum) and (2) a basket of fries.
I know what you are thinking... fries at a halal restaurant?  Yes, fries!  Order them.  They are perfect.  Crispy perfection.Love the environment, religious poetry music for ambience, religious decor, super friendly staff on recommendations. Tried the burger, philly cheese steak, and also garlic chicken sub. Large portions, really tasty and great price. Across the street from an Islamic center and up the street from another.Great food at good prices.  We got a katfa kebab platter and a lamb shwarma sandwich.  The kebabs were yummy, as was the rice it was topped on, and the hummus was creamy and delicious, and there was a LOT of it.  So was the baba ganoush.  Not sure how one pita was going to scoop up all that hummus and baba ganoush, you'd have to resort to eating it straight out of the spoon... which isn't so bad, since it's good enough to eat straight anyway.
Unfortunately the platter was more than enough for two ravenous people (probably intended to comfortably feed three? oops) so we didn't get to eat the shwarma... we (reluctantly) gifted it to my brother so it wouldn't go bad.  We hope he took good advantage of it.  Definitely dreaming about its untasted meaty potential now...
We thought this place was more of a sit-down place based on the outside (cute outdoor tables) but turns out no.  Upon entering there are very adamant no-no signs, e,g, "NO credit, NO pets, NO alcohol, NO cell phones, NO unruly people", which is a bit off-putting.  Nevertheless while we were there some delinquent was blathering on his iPhone... tsk tsk.
Keen to try out the new cafe next door, which looks beautiful!We had the lamb shawarma and chicken maroush both were excellent. The fries are also very good. The service was friendly and quick. Make sure you have cash.The food was tasty, we ordered lamb platter which was delicious. The ambience is overall nice but the price should be reasonable around usd 10 for a platter.Saad's is truly my favorite place to eat in West Philly. The chicken cheese steak and greek salad are the best in the city. The owner and staff are so friendly, attentive, and organized! The entire establishment is impeccably clean and is constantly bustling with people young and old who love the food. I wish more restaurants would take such care in making their food! Saad's you are the BEST!This is exactly what we were in need of. An affordable, close-to-home place that can be our go-to spot. Wow. Portions are generous, favors are rich, and for the price you pay, it is all very reasonable. Believe the hype. Believe the other reviews. You will not leave disappointed if you come here. Lamb shawarma sandwich, chicken maroosh, chicken shish tawook platter are all AWESOME. Man. Just writing this review now, I want to go back!!! Guess I gotta wait 'til they open tomorrow!TL;DR - 4.5 stars. Tasty food, even better value.
Grabbed lunch at Saad's with my wife and got a Falafel Sandwich ($4.50) and a Falafel Sandwich with Tabouly ($5.00). Figured that for a sandwich that cheap, I would still be hungry afterwards so I got a 3.00 lentil soup as well. 
The sandwiches were no joke! Really large, tasty and something I would be eating constantly if I lived in the neighborhood. I wasn't even able to finish my soup after eating mine. The lentil soup was good too, highlighted by some crunch and just-salty-enough pita croutons. Yum!
Only minor complaint is that they don't serve tap water, so we had to buy a bottle of water.By far my favorite restaurant in West Philly. The chicken maroush sandwich is what keeps me coming- a large enough sandwich that depending on how hungry I am, I'll save half for lunch the next day. Even the leftovers are better than many other sandwiches I've eaten.
Sometimes the wait time can be a while. That being said, it has never been longer than the estimated time. Everyone who works there is incredibly nice. Keep an eye out for the chicken maroush or falafel loyalty card- ten sandwiches and you get a free sandwich or a t-shirt.These guys are so friendly and food is quite good. This is also one of the few places to get a shawarma in philly.Delicious food! Second time going to Saads and same awesome eating experience. Great hoagies stuffed with meat or chicken, however you like it. 
Staff: so pleasant and nice to speak to. Specially it was nice of them to introduce the entire menu to a newcomer like myself. Even Saad himself had a nice conversation with me.
Food: it was honestly mouth watering to look at and a taste bud activating mechanism as it touched the tongue. Saad uses this secret formulated garlic butter herb sauce that is very good, and gives you the perfect hint of taste on the meat you choose. I got the famous chicken maroosh sandwich and philly cheese steak. They were both fantastic. Cheese fries and selection of drinks were also good. 
Decor: now here is where Saads lost the one star from my rating. The seating, carpeting and menu atop the register is extremely tacky looking. Only because I loved the food and service so much I didn't take away more than one star.
It is a fast food style restaurant so take your food from the counter and sit at the table of your choosing. 
They have a minimum for credit card use. (Which I don't like at all). 
Street parking is pretty difficult, I'm sure on a busy day it would probably suck. 
It is a place you simply just need to give a try!My god there Chicken Maroosh is to die for. Great customer service and great food. The lines suck sometimes and the average time of me waiting for my food is about 25 minutes but it goes to show how popular they are and their food.I tried this place a couple of weeks back, after hearing a ton of hype about the Falafel sandwich. The dining is casual and its an "order at the counter" kind of place. I ordered the Falafel sandwich, how could I not after all of the great reviews? The wait was around 15 minutes, which went quickly with all of the commotion. The place was overflowing with people coming in and out. I got my sandwich, an affordable $4.50, and sat in to try it out. AHH-MAZING! It's most definitely the best Falafel I have had. Packed to the brim with veggies and falafel, fresh, hot, and overall delicious.
I have visited this place 10+ times since. I don't plan on stopping any time soon.Saad's has a "No Cell Phone" rule that they actually enforce--and I find it admirable.  Too often are we sucked into a technology bubble, ignoring the world around us listening to our iPods and texting our friends.  If you dine in, you actually engage in conversation!  So if you're planning to call your BFF about the atrocious guy you went out with last night, don't go to Saad's.
Now the food: It's awesome!  I would recommend the falafel and feta sandwich, four grape leaves, onion rings and cheese fries whether or not you are hungry.  Trust me, you'll end up eating it all.
Miscellaneous: It's cheap!  The workers are welcoming and friendly!Came all the way from NY for the Chicken Maroosh sandwich AND the wonderful hospitality. Worth it!!!Impossibly good Middle Eastern food.  You'll never look at a falafel the same way.  My personal fav is the Chicken Falafel.  You'll black out, it's that good.Awesome food, awesome service, a West Philly institution. Never have had anything I didn't love--- the garlic sauce is boss!I very highly recommend the Chicken or Beef Maroush sandwiches, absolutely delicious. The bread is grilled to the perfect balance of crisp/crunch. The meat and veggies are flavorful and fresh, and the garlic sauce works perfectly with the ingredients.
The chicken wings are great too. Not the biggest but they are whole wings. They are fresh tasting, hot, and crispy. They are juicy without being greasy. Get them with a side order of their garlic sauce for dipping, you wont regret it.
The chocolate baklava is a tasty dessert. Nuke it in the microwave for 10 seconds. I tried this 2 minutes before writing this and I wish I had more!
Overall, very fresh tasting, flavorful made-to-order food. My new go-to place for sandwiches. It's easier if you bring cash, though.I love this place! Fabulous chicken falafel, great salads, and by far the best baklava I've tasted. I hope to try some of the other sandwiches soon, but I haven't yet gotten tired of the chicken falafel!I'm mostly vegetarian and I got the falafel done the maroosh way.  it was everything I could have wanted in the sand which!!! OMG!!!! Love their food!!!Great place for halal food and reasonable prices. Food is delivered quickly and their maroosh sandwiches are awesome. Tends to get crowded around dinner and not much seating inside.I have been going here for years and the food and service is the same, excellent! The space is very clean and the food is great. I love thier chicken wings with the garlic dip and pita bread. The garlic dip is thier own creation and is delicious. The chicken cheese steak is another favorite and is not greasy at all. Despite being a religious  restaurant  they provide equal and   outstanding service to ANY and EVERYONE creating a welcoming and diverse environment. Any day of the week they are busy but seating was never really a problem when I go. The only downside is parking, be prepared. Its a 50/50 chance you find something close, illegally park, or have to walk a little distance. Other than that the food is great.Not enough can be said of the glory that is the hummus or a falafel or chicken maroosh sandwich at Saad's.  One of the worst months of my life happened to coincide with their month-long closing in observance of Ramadan.  Okay, so maybe it wasn't the worst month, but it was certainly painful not having the option in my dining choices.
If you want the real deal, skip WAY over Maoz on South Street for this place.  It's authentic, quick, fast, and best of all: cheap.  After I've finished a sandwich, it's likely I won't need much more for the rest of the day.As a West Coast native, I haven't had many experiences with halal food joints. On top of that, I have to be extremely hungry to try something I don't usually order or have a garbage disposal-like friend with me, just in case I don't enjoy it. For these reasons, I decided to try the fish cheesesteak. I like fish and I like cheese -- it was a no brainer. 
I was thoroughly impressed by the GIGANTIC portion that was served to me, and by the delicious and oh-so-bad-for-me combination of crispy deep-fried fish, gooey processed cheese, and savory grilled onions. My only complaint would be that the fish was a bit dry from being overcooked. Because the fish was smothered in sauce and cheese, that ultimately did not matter too much. 
I am impressed that even the less popular items at Saad's are worth buying, and will definitely try the much-loved chicken maroosh next time.The food here is okay, but the man running the business is a racist, plain and simple. If you are not arab or white he doesn't want you to eat here. This man has literally thrown packets of ketchup and bags at me and people I know instead if just handing them over. If you have any self respect you won't eat here.Stopped for quick lunch, very clean place, good food quality, definitely going back in my next visit to Philadelphia.Every time I come here I get great service and amazing food. If you want something that tastes fresh and is different from the normal burger even though they have those, you should definitely try this place out.I had a one day visit to Philadelphia, and I'm fortunate to have been gone to this resturant! The most delicious food I had eaten in a while!The best lamb shawarma is what got me to come here and the chicken maroosh keeps me coming back. The food is awesome and even though Saad's is out of my way, I make time to come and get my fix. I love all of the different Middle Eastern restaurants around Walnut St. in West Philly but Saad's is my favorite.Saad's is the jam, as mentioned by most of the people that have reviewed it.  I've eaten here a dozen or so times and the experience has always been great.
Saad himself is a great guy and I found his quirky "No, you only pay when I give you the food" policy to be refreshing.  As long as you aren't trying to make a call in his restaurant, he is almost certain to be a beacon of hospitality in the often unforgiving wilds of west philly.
The food is delicious.  I see most people have already declared it the best falafel in the city, and I have had no cause to dispute this yet.  BUT, in addition to delicious middle eastern food, Saad's American menu is also delicious.  I've been questing for a decent cheesesteak since I moved here, and Saad's currently holds that title.
For atmosphere and value: 4 stars
For having delicious food and my favorite cheesesteak so far: +1 star
Do it!Go here. Bring cash or friends (credit card minimum). Order the lamb Maroush. Profit.  
If you are feeling extra great, their fries are outstanding and the portion is enough for 2-3 people to share.  
They also have the best rice pudding in Philadelphia.  I know because I order rice pudding everywhere and most places are terrible.Sandwiches were excellent. Chicken Maroosh is amazing. Staff was very friendly.Very good Middle Eastern food, obviously somewhat authentic. They even offer authentic imported beverages!
The food, as noted, was very good, although perhaps a tad heavy on the garlic sauce. The service was decent, as was the venue. I would say it's a bit on the pricey side ($9 for a sandwich).
It is cash-only unless you spend like $30+, so keep that in mind.Really wanted to love this place, but was a little disappointed. I ordered the chicken kabob platter to share with a friend -- it's huge and we couldn't finish between the two of us. 
The platters come with two sides, so we picked hummus and macaroni salad. We each ate only one bite of the macaroni salad and didn't want to touch it afterward. It has a creamy sauce that is pretty unappetizing and made me think of wet socks. The hummus is too watery. I've heard that the lamb platter is delicious, so maybe we got unlucky with the chicken -- it was very dry and not well marinated. The rice is a bit too oily (there are some onions tossed in with it) and the pita bread thin. 
Maybe dining in would have made the platter better since we did order for take out. The fries, however, were pretty delicious. It's a big order for just $4.00 and they're very crispy all around outside and soft inside. Another thing to note: it's cash only below $35 (there is an atm in the restaurant).Very good halal fast food, cheap prices, large portions.Thanks to Yelp, one of my first meals in West Philly had to be from Saad's. And while the thought of pickles and yogurt in my grilled chicken hoagie weirded me out a bit, I delved into the famous chicken maroush sandwich and will never look back.
First of all, I don't think people have accurately expressed out massive this sandwich is (especially for the price). The chicken is so juicy, slightly charred on the outside, and bursting with flavor. Mix that with creamy maroush sauce and crunchy pickles and you've got one (well, really more like 25+) awesome bites.
My sister tried the falafel sandwich w/hummus, which was ridiculous large for being under $5 (seriously lasted her two meals). 
The service was quick and very friendly, although next time I'd probably call in my order so I don't have to wait there for it to be ready.
Will definitely be one of my main spots for cheap and killer food in West Philly!Price! Great Food! 
This is a gem in west philly, just a quick reminder to look up their hours online. I found out they close on Sunday and I drove there and  it was sad since I was craving a chicken marsh sandwich. I usually just take out and ate once but felt a little cramped. The place is very clean and the staff friendly.Best cheesesteaks ever. Chicken Maroosh is amazing as well. Saad and his crew are wonderful- best halal place in philly.Man, this is the greatest place in existence. The Chicken Maroush is the most methodical  and beautifully designed sandwich ever, and I too could eat this all day. It came out to $8.10. The bread is crisp and crunchy and dare I say better than an Amoroso roll. Chicken is succulent and goes so well with the tomatoes and pickles. I could inject the white garlic sauce straight into my veins. 
The no cellphone rule is a wonderful concept, but not enforced at all. I really wish this place wasn't cash only, such a bummer.
I'm really not a person that feeds into hype, but man this is an amazing sandwich. Get the Chicken Maroush, it's absolutely to die for.Saad's was our friday night date place for the longest time. Then we decided that we couldn't spend our lives eating at one place, but we still think about it all the time. We order the veggie platter, chicken maroush, falafel, or cheese steak every time. I should really diversify....but they are all SO good. The onion rings are really good too. Don't get the fries for take out, they can get kind of mushy.