Stopped by for dessert after a Valentine's Day dinner elsewhere in the city.  It's actually bigger than it looks from the outside and has a decent amount of tables/booths to match.  Have heard Sabrina's mentioned on several occasions as a brunch spot, but have yet to try it out.  Did have some of the chocolate cake that was prominently displayed behind the hostess stand.  I enjoyed a nice "wedge" of cake and it was divine.  The chocolate bits on the mousse-like icing was a splendid way to give the moist cake a bit of crunch to it.  The flour-less chocolate cake was also a nice "wedge" and very dense looking.  My date couldn't finish it and wondered how a flour-less cake could be that dense.  It was enjoyed though, just not to it's demise.  Must try this place in the day time, brunch perhaps.Oh no, is Sabrina losing her touch?! My last experience at this particular location was sub-par at best. When I can't decide on a special, I always revert to one of my favorite dishes- the  Cheddar and Apple Omelet. Sadly this time around, it was lack luster. The eggs were a bit overcooked and the dish was lukewarm when it arrived.
The best thing on my plate were the potatoes and onions, these are always tasty and grilled nicely.
I substituted toast for an everything bagel but that was regretful. The bagel was scantly seasoned and on the stale side-- bummer :(
We shared the classic Challah French toast; it didn't blow my mind but it was good. There could have been more strawberries!
Aside from the food, the service was pretty good despite how busy the place was on a Sunday morning. My coffee mug was filthy which was not ideal but I understand these things happen.
Tip--use the No Wait app to "get in line" so that your table is available when you arrive!Service: Not the nicest staff
Three of us went on a Sunday morning after church. Thus, the wait was anticipated. We only waited for about 10 minutes, which was not bad at all. Important to note that one of us had to step out for something for 10 minutes, but once we were seated, all of us already knew what we wanted to order. However, our waitress continued to avoid eye contact with me for a good 20 minutes. Finally, when I raised my hand to gesture we were ready to order, she rolled her eyes and came over. We ordered for ourselves, and our friend. The food arrived within 10-15 minutes, which was great. 
Again, our waitress, who seemed quite flustered with all her tables, continued to avoid looking at our table. We waited for another half an hour for our bill. Our total time spent at Sabrina's was from 11AM - 1:30PM, which I think is a bit ridiculous.
Food: I got a Soy Latte and the Egg White Primavera, and we shared Chocolate Chip Pancakes. 
1) Soy Latte - Made with La Colombe coffee, pretty great actually.
2) Egg White Primavera - I had only asked for adding one thing - roasted red peppers. Instead, my omlette had barely cooked raw peppers. In addition, there was no salt and ironically, the only "veggies" that were added to this omlette were tomatoes of different colors.
3) Chocolate Chip Pancakes - dry, but tasted good.Three friends and I came here for New Year's day brunch. We used the No Wait app and we were seated almost immediately. The server came by promptly after we were seated to take our drink orders. We gave her our food orders when she came back. Our food came about 40 minutes later. I got the Eggs Benedict with Canadian bacon and I was not disappointed. Portions were large, as usual, but I still wish I got more home fries.Amazing! Huge huge portions! Went there for brunch and sat at the bar because it was so crowded. But nonetheless I had a great time, loved the food and atmosphere. The staff are super friendly there.Parking is hard to find but this out of towner did it! Its all on-street. Sabrina's was easy to find and is located in a beautiful building. I actually just should have walked here, its that nice out and very pedestrian friendly. I got to sit against the rotunda wall/wall of windows. What a great spot!
I ordered a cup of coffee, the challah french toaste and a side of homies. Everything was really delicious and fresh tasting. Service was really great and quick. Just a wonderful experience.Sabrina's (regardless of which location) overall is a solid, safe brunch place to take friends and family from out of town to. 
Pros:
-- Dishes are very VERY filling -- do not attempt to order multiple items because it is a daunting feat to even finish one plate of food!
-- A number of vegetarian and vegan options to choose from and substitute with!
-- Tofu Scramble is amazeballs!!!
-- The Fairmount location is BYOB (not sure about the other locations)
Cons:
-- Do expect a long wait time... I would recommend calling ahead of time to make a reservation
-- Weekend brunches, in particular, can get extremely crowded. So be prepared to be in a room full of people and expect a high noise level.
-- If you end up on the waiting list at this location, expect to wait outside for there is very little room inside to wait (unless you're fine with blocking the indoor foot traffic). 
-- The sweet breakfast dishes are extremely sweet, to the point that it can get sickening... I would recommend the sweet breakfast items to be something shared.I know that Sabrina's is famous for brunch, but I am a big fan of Friday night dinner there. New Sabrina's is cozy and the food is delicious. Also, while some people go there for legitimate dates/other semi-fancy occasions,  you can show up dressed down (by which I mean clothes that may or may not be pajamas)  and no one looks at you funny. They just point you to a booth and then bring you crusty bread and olive oil. The two best things about dinner- never a wait, and the chocolate layer cake. Seriously, it is the best chocolate cake I've ever had.I love this place. I think I might be obsessed with this place because this is where I take all of my visiting friends out for brunch on saturdays. Call beforehand to get on the queue and usually when you arrive, the wait time has decreased and you'll be quickly seated. The french toast, buttermilk pancakes, and huevos rancheros are awesome. As for the the brunch specials, all of them are good but a consistent favorite of mine is the eggs benedict. This place also serves yummy burgers if you want to come here for dinner.I love this little diner. Delicious food and coffee, good service, and a nice casual atmosphere. Since I discovered this location, I've been going about once a week. I used to go to the Powelton location on occasion, which is also great, but not as great as this one; I think because the other location is overwhelmed by university students.
Breakfast items and burgers are great choices here, and make sure to check out the always-amusing, frequently-changing specials menus.everyone looked absolutely miserable here. like all the servers and hosts seemed stressed and put on such a fake fronts. also the food is way overpriced. not worth it at all.On this rainy and overall yucky morning, I had a Seinfeld moment and found parking right outside of the restaurant.  How good is that? A good omen for a good breakfast.
I was a little surprised that the place had that old school coffee shop character with all that hipster patronage, but it felt warm and a bit frenetic.  It was 3/4 full at around 9am.  
I got the Huevos Rancheros with good guacamole, and an intriguingly smokey and spicy, but nicely light red bean topping which I preferred to the usual heavy and indistinct refried bean glop.  I think there were bits of chorizo in the mix. The blue fried corn tortilla was light and crispy and kept its crunch throughout the meal.  Only thing I didn't like was that the fried eggs came over hard.  Usually like it over easy.  Need to ask next time.  The home fries were terrific, chunks of piping hot, crisp on the outside and almost sweet on the inside taters. This is the best that America has to offer, I swear.
The La Colombe coffee was good and fresh.  Service was friendly yet uninstrusive.
As I left with my left overs, my car was still out front, with 10 minutes to spare on the meter.  Good quick service with exemplary food.  Very un-Seinfeld-like.Amazing food and fabulous service at more than affordable prices. 
The Mexi Scramble is simply HEAVEN. Black bean grits and cilantro pesto are to die for...
Their pineapple juice is seriously delicious also- tastes just like you're drinking straight up blended pineapple!My biggest issue with Sabrina's was the blandness of my food. For the positives, I liked this cafe's cute atmosphere, the music and the service. Our waiter was friendly, but he didn't know much about the different menu options. We ordered parmesan fries as an appetizer; the fries themselves were good, but I don't see why they're called 'parmesan' fries when they were barely seasoned with cheese...or salt. 
I ordered the vegetarian Greek sandwich: a pita stuffed with falafel, cheese, olives and garlic hummus. Unfortunately, my sandwich came with only one very small small piece of falafel, and the rest was overloaded with hummus and olives. I was basically eating an olive sandwich half way through; even worse, it had little to no flavor. Maybe I just made a bad selection, but I won't risk wasting another 11 dollars here.Tasty and the portions are generous. Not typically a sweets fan, I had the key lime cheesecake and it was yummy.Can't say anything bad about this place other than long wait on weekend but that's not unique to them. Everything here was amazing and great prices, fast service, etc. French toast specials and has Browns were some of my favs but looking forward to trying more.Not a review, but a copy of the letter I wrote to GQ after they did not mention Sabrina's in an article on American Breakfast eateries.  Instead GQ mentioned the "scrapple" at Little Pete's.
Dear Editor,
     I am writing to report you for breakfast blasphemy, as you failed to mention Sabrina's Cafe of Philadelphia in "A GQ Guide to the Most Important Meal of the Day."  You have not breathed air until you have eaten at Sabrina's.  There are even two locations for your complete indulgence.  
      Instead of mentioning the place where Buddhists achieve breakfast nirvana while brunching on "Bad Girls Quick Draw 'Yee Haw' Tex Mex Breakfast" or "Stuffed French Toast" with "cream cheese and mascarpone, filled with raspberry, champagne poached pears, red grapes and roasted walnuts"; you mention Little Pete's "scrapple".  Next time just club a baby seal and serve rare on a Thomas English Muffin.service is impeccable. The food is delicious and reasonably priced. everything you could ask for in a diner. its byo as well which lends to a more affordable meal. I had a  specialty burger which was insanely filling and even more delicious the server we had was exceptional and she took very good care of my girlfriend and I. We love it here and will go out of our way to return soon.Had dinner at Sabrina's with my wife and 6 others this past weekend. They are really known for their brunch, but do not overlook this spot for dinner. Atmosphere is super casual and you can not beat BYOB with zero corkage fees. Food was excellent for the diner-style fair that makes up the menu and service was great as well.If you want excellent, interesting food for a great price, and a lot of it then Sabrina's is the place for you. The breakfast, and lunch are excellent and they always have creative and new menu items whenever I go in. The only downside is the wait, if you go, to early to beat the crowds.Was absolutely, positively BLOWN AWAY!!  I am not a foody by any stretch of the imagination. But, this was literally the best breakfast that I have ever had in 55 years. Everything was perfect. All I had was an omlette with bacon. Basic stuff. I can't really describe why so good. Just really flavorful and perfect. Go!!!The food here is terrific. They make the best french toast on the face of the earth and they make a killer breakfast sandwich.Was told to try this spot out. To start the wait was an hour. Heard good things so we waited. The food tasted fresh. The veggies and food itself had a clean fresh taste. Besides that the food is just ok. Nothing special. Maybe it's just a Philly thing but i wouldn't go again. It's definitely a hipster place. Portions were good sizes though.Came in for a Sunday brunch based on the reviews, and we weren't disappointed. The staff is friendly and helpful, the food is really good, and the portions are big.  We checked in ahead of time on Nowait, and we're seated within 5 minutes.I dream about the regular stuffed french toast and the specials are as hilarious as they are delicious. You really must go if you have never been. You can keep Pats and Gino's-this spot is a Philly treasure!Ok ok.... I am probably going to get a lot of heat for this review, but they're all subjective right?
I have lived in the Spring Garden neighborhood for a year and for a year I have been dying to trying Sabrina's. Everyone I spoke to kept telling me how incredible it was, and how the wait (although insane) was always worth it. 
On a particularly hungover Sunday I decided to arm myself with patience and go stand in line for a big indulgent breakfast. The wait for a table for two was about 45 minutes. The place is small and since it was still chilly outside, most of us were jammed in the entrance. I saw big plates of yummy food coming and going, and the amount of people willing to wait for a table was so crazy that I had no doubt this would be a mind-blowing experience. 
When we finally sat down the service was fabulous. I am sorry I don't remember the name of the sweet server who helped us, but despite the crowd she was attentive and pleasant. I ordered a bagel with lox, my friend ordered a healthy plate of fruit and granola. Since I wanted to get a better taste of the place, we also ordered a short stack of pancakes. No frills, no healthy stuff, just straight pancakes with lots of butter and syrup. 
Although the meal wasn't bad per se, it wasn't all that mind-blowing either. I grew up in South Jersey so I am used to diners and (and here is where everyone is going to hate me) I thought Sabrina ranked among the more mediocre Jersey diner I've tried. I don't understand the hype, unless it is simply the lack of a diner in that area. I personally make better pancakes at home, and the line for a table is definitely not worth it. 
Maybe I simply chose the wrong menu items, but I am not sure I'll have the patience to wait another 45 minutes on an empty stomach to risk another OK meal. 
Sorry Sabrina!Great spot for breakfast. Good tasting food & generous servings. Staff is friendly everytime I go.Sabrina's cafe is great! The wait can be a little long at times, but I think it's worth it (try going earlier in the morning)! On my most recent visit, I brought a friend from out of town here to get some brunch before checking out Philadelphia. We were so overwhelmed by the many choices for brunch! I was truly in love with the late night television show theme too! I got the "Jon Stewart's Moment of Eggs Zenedict Florentine" and I thought it was amazing. It was poached eggs, spinach and hollandaise sauce on an english muffin, but I added turkey bacon, avocado, and tomato and it was DELICIOUS. I highly recommend. 
I've been before this trip and also tried the stuffed french toast, huevos rancheros, and the build your own breakfast sandwich option. All great choices - honestly the whole menu looks phenomenal and you can't really go wrong ordering off of it. Even though the place is pretty busy most of the times, the staff is usually really pleasant and handles the rush very well. Busy tables does not equal slow service here! The decor is eclectic and homey - gives it an old-time diner feeling that I kind of adore. Keep in mind that this place is a BYO too! Bring a bottle of champagne and order some OJ to get your Sunday Funday started off right!Since my last review, I've been back to Sabrina's twice and I have to say that these two added stars are well-deserved.  I had some good food there, namely the egg salad sandwich (the sides -- slaw and sweet potato fries -- were really yummy), the tomato eggplant stew (not great, but better than just edible), and the red velvet cake.
One thing that has upped my review is a change in the service.  I think it really does depend on the day.  When the place is slow, like on a weeknight, the servers really take the time to be kind and friendly.  Maybe on busy days, they are rude because the place is understaffed and they're stressed.I visited Sabrina's on a blustery cold Saturday morning for brunch. I had to drag my husband along - he generally avoids activities such as brunch, thinking that they are far too hipster for him. Thankfully I did my research and knew to call ahead - I was quoted a 20 minute wait, and once we arrived 15 minutes later we waited about 5 minutes, while other two top walk-ins were given 1 hour+ wait. Definitley call ahead!
Not being from the area, BYOBs are just a very strange thing to my husband and I and we can not wrap our heads around the idea that it's okay to show up with our own booze - but people all around us had brought their own sparkling wine for DIY mimosas (and their orange juice is really good!). The idea that a BYOB is better is also weird to us , so minus one start for that (yes, it's cheaper...but I don't mind spending a bit more and not having to tote my own booze).
We both ordered off the special Broad City menu - I had the nachos, my husband had the special french toast. Both were really good. In the end, my "too good for brunch" husband even said he'd go back, which is the highest honor he can bestow on a breakfast joint.I didn't give this place only one star because it certainly could be worse, but I definitely won't ever go back. 
I've eaten here twice for brunch and been extremely underwhelmed with the food each time. I will admit, I have pretty high expectations when I go out for brunch because I feel like it is hard to screw up breakfast food. Also, since it is my favorite meal of the day, it isn't hard for me to be in love with whatever savory or sugary masterpiece that is placed in front of me. 
The wait can be long; it is very busy and loud, all factors that would lead one to believe that a fantastic meal would be had by all. 
Sadly, you will be disappointed. Just go somewhere else. Seriously.This place is overrated and overpriced. It's a popular brunch spot in Philly (probably because there are very few), but it's not too impressive. I went a couple times just to make sure I wasn't catching them on a bad day. 
Service: The greeters are not friendly but the wait staff is a bit more pleasant. 
Food: Overpriced. The taste wasn't bad but it also wasn't worth what it costs.
Ambiance: It's a bright place and the decor is absolutely lovely. I could sit in there all day.Mm mm mm! Scrumptious brunch spot with great service! I had the stuffed french toast which was simply heavenly! I had just arrived in Philly so I had my suitcase with me (bad move when going to a popular brunch spot, I've learned!) and the host helped me find a spot for it so that I didn't have to awkwardly navigate the crowd. 
The coffee was marvelous, and I am still dreaming about that cream cheese and banana stuffed challah french toast... my friend's savory egg dish looked lovely too, and maybe I'll try it next time I visit (though I am not one to mess with perfection!). Sabrina's was slammed, but we had a reservation and were seated promptly. Everyone who worked there seemed to love their job, too! 
Fyi, portion sizes are humungous, so you'll either satisfy a ravenous appetite (as I did!) or have a treat for the next day (if you can wait that long!).One of the better and well-known brunch locations in Philly is Sabrina's. Owners Robert and Raquel DeAbreu named the original restaurant on 9th and Christian Streets after their daughter. Recently, for Memorial Day brunch, the GF, our friend, and I went to the second location, which includes the name of their son.
And based on the success of these two joints, a third location in University City, by Drexel campus, was opened last year. The inside of Sabrina's Cafe & Spencer's Too is highly reminiscent of a neighborhood cafe/diner. Offering a relaxed and friendly atmosphere, with the occasional snarky, yet fun waitress, it's one of our favorite places to grab brunch.
And being that Sabrina's is BYO, our friend brought some champagne along to pair with a pitcher of OJ. And yes, as expected with most BYO's, the markup on the pitcher of OJ is around 400%.
But back to the good. Sabrina's is great in that they have an ever changing menu of specials. Arrested Development aficionados known that Michael Bluth and company are back in action. So natch, Sabrina's had a bevy of 'Arrested' brunch specials. Creative, whimsical, and most importantly delicious, what's not to love? 
But on this particular outing, we decided to get all of the 'signature' breakfast items.
Huevos Rancheros ($10.99)
2 blue corn tortillas, smoky chorizo sausage sauce, lime sour cream, spicy guacamole, 2 fried eggs, fried jalapeno pepper
I opted for the huevos rancheros - a nice medley of different flavors, all highlighted by the bright lime sour cream. The fried eggs and chorizo sausage sauce helped to create a hearty dish, with the blue corn tortillas offering some fried texture. The guacamole was nice, but not particularly spicy, though the fried jalapeno pepper had a tempered heat that was nice to add to each bite. The accompanying home fries were crispy on the outside and creamy inside. 
Perfectly seasoned, I could eat these by the ton.
Barking Chihuahua ($8.99)
Flour tortilla, scrambled eggs, black beans, red peppers, pepper jack cheese, sour cream, marinara
The GF and our friend both got the barking chihuaha, which amounts to Sabrina's breakfast burrito. A nice iteration of this oft-seen dish, the flour tortilla had a nice grilled texture to it and contained a humongous allowance of perfectly scrambled eggs, black beans, and red peppers. The piquancy of the pepper jack helped to brighten up the dish, with the sour cream and sweet marinara adding creaminess. The fried corn chip strips helped to add additional texture to the dish. A pat of home fries accompanies the burrito as well.
Stuffed Challah French Toast (1/2 order $5.50; full order $9.99)
Farmer's cream cheese, bananas, vanilla bean syrup
Pro tip: No matter what, get a half order of the stuffed challah french toast. If the previous two dishes were signature Sabrina's, this is their crown jewel. Not listed on the menu as a half-order option, our waitress knew that we were clearly veterans of the establishment just from this order alone. The french toast is humongous, with a nice grilled exterior and a creamy, eggy interior. This all houses a cinnamon cream cheese that is intensely sweet, yet you just can't stop with one bite. The vanilla bean syrup and fresh banana slices brings this over the top. Definitely a perfect way to end brunch.
Want another tip? On weekends, Sabrina's is packed, so expect to wait at least an hour for a table. So what's a hungry bruncher to do? Call ahead by about an hour and ask to have your name put down. That way you can stroll over when it's about time for your name to be called and you won't have to wait with the rest of the sheep on Callowhill. 
Frankly, Sabrina's is a great place to go for any meal - not just brunch. The prices are affordable, the portions are generous, and the food is tasty. What's not to love with this Philly institution? And an added bonus? Their brother restaurant is Spencer ETA - so you know their burgers are on point too!I really liked this place.  The portions are large, the quality of the food is excellent, quite tasty, the prices are reasonable, and the staff does a good job.
They serve breakfast all day, so at 2pm on a Sunday, I had the Steak N Eggs Breakfast.  It is a flat iron steak on a bed of arugula with two eggs.  The steak is cooked to your liking,as are the eggs. A roasted plum tomato chimichurri is served on the side.  It also comes with home fries.  It was all delicious.  
Because it is fairly popular, there was a wait, even at 2pm on a Sunday afternoon, so be prepared for that.  Also, there are a lot of tables in a fairly small space, so it is a little tight.
Overall, I felt very comfortable here, and really liked the food.  This is a place that I would certainly come to again.This is the best brunch place in the Logan Square area.  It is crucial to get there before 9am in order to not wait for a table.  We have been able to make it in early on the weekends several times and have been very pleased each time, but the crowd is never far behind.  When I walk by this place later in the morning, the crowd is completely out of control.  
Okay, so the crowd and the necessary crowd control is by far the worst aspect of this place.  On cold mornings, the masses are cramming themselves into the door, blocking waitresses ways, and breathing down the neck of diners who had the misfortune of getting seated near the door.  Assuming you can get away from the door and the mess, and get yourself seated, the food is wonderful and the service is super quick.  The breakfast specials are always the best.  They have very unique and original offerings for meat lovers and vegetarians alike, along with the traditional breakfast menu fare.
This place has a great traditional diner feel, delicious food, and quick service.  Its great.HUUUGE breakfast portions. Stuffed French toast was delicious, crispy outside, tender inside, and astoundingly massive in size. Egg sandwich (also large enough for two to share) was basic but just about as good as it gets - perfectly cooked scrambled eggs, tasty cheddar. Turkey bacon was good not great. Asked for avocado on the sandwich but sadly was only given a really tiny amount ... probably 1/6 of an avocado total.
Heckuva deal at Sabrina's, big (breakfast) portions of very good food at reasonable prices. I'd happily return to share one huge order as long as they didn't crank the air conditioning so much inside, it was literally 55 degrees in there!The menu was full of options for breakfast, brunch, or lunch.  I had the John Hancock Signature Sandwich w/ sweet potato fries & my girlfriend had the Huevos Rancheros.  Both were absolutely delicious. The wait staff keept out glasses full and made sure we had everything we needed, 5 star service. 
We happened to get a table for 2 right away,  but I would show up early as other reviews may have suggested...there was a big line when we left around 12 or 12:30.My favorite brunch place in Philly. I love the wait staff here and the atmosphere. Its a little tight, but it feels homey. I love the brunch selection - its always delicious! Although dinner is a bit pricey the food is very well prepared and tastes amazing. 
I was always surprised when I walked to church on Sunday morning the line in front of the restaurant for brunch! Definitely go at other times (they serve breakfast all day) to avoid the wait!Awesome meal.
We were there a little early (19h) so it only started filling up after that. Beautiful restaurant situated in an house...reminded me of the house of the witches from Charmed. No sign, so slightly hard to find.
Large variety available. We had Mel's Chicken cutlet (sweet potato fries) and Spencer's slammin' pulled pork (Polenta fries) sandwiches. Huge dish, tasty, excellent. Mel's is spicy...beware!
Definitely comin' back if in the neighbourhood!Given how often I'm at Sabrina's, I'm surprised I haven't written a review yet. Sabrina's is one of our usual lunch places. My girlfriend and I often go there when we are starving since they have generous portions, to say the least. Of course, I'm more about quality than quantity, so I can attest to the tastiness of most everything I've had there. Some of my usual go-tos are the Huevos Rancheros, the grilled veggie sandwich and Mel's Chicken Cutlet. They also have awesome omelets (Apple and Wisconsin Cheddar, yes please), and you have the option of creating your own. Their breakfast items are served all day which is definitely a feather in their cap.
They have daily specials and, at times, I have been mildly disappointed with them as some of them haven't lived up to the description, but that might say more about their clever descriptions. That said, I've also had really good specials, so I guess they are just a little hit and miss. The coffee is just all miss, which is a shame because we also head there when we're feeling breakfasty.
The service is always friendly and competent.Great way to start a date with my wife french toast was so big and filling great prices and very friendly service walking distance to many attractions really enjoyed itI was back in Philly this past weekend and met a friend here for brunch before church. Having lived in University City for six years, I've been to Sabrina's plenty of times but this was my first time coming on a Sunday morning. We arrived around 10am and were originally told there would be a 30 minute wait since the place was already packed, but thankfully we were seated in 5 minutes. Neither of us were super hungry and knowing Sabrina's portion sizes, we decided to split one order of the Michael Myers Would Kill For This Mexi Special from their Halloween-themed specials, as well as a side of home fries with cheese. Our server was thoughtful enough to have this brought out on two separate plates for us -- and we were still shocked at how big the individual portions were! Plus, since the Mexi Special (a tasty combo of all the good things in life i.e. green chili biscuit, pepper jack cheese, eggs, mushrooms, ground beef, roasted butternut squash, smoky roasted tomato sauce, salsa and avocado) already came with home fries, she offered to just add some cheese to them at no charge. Awesome :)
Five stars for a yummy and filling brunch and great service. Bonus points for having three different types of hot sauce to choose from - sriracha, Cholula's, and Frank's! Sabrina's will always be a must-visit every time I'm back in town.The food at Sabrina's Cafe was delicious but the coffee was terrible. Wait time was half of what was quoted which was great...Friendly staff, will probably go back to explore more of the menu...Yup, we definitely ate here TWO days in a row for brunch.
Both mornings, the cafe was packed TO THE GILLS (45 min+ wait) but we lucked out both mornings by grabbing counter seating. SCORE!
Service was friendly and attentive, and both meals that I had were FANTASTIC.
Day 1: Stuffed Challah French Toast - thick slices of bread loaded up with sweet cinnamon cream cheese....tons of syrup...need I say more?
Day 2: Barking Chihuahua - breakfast burrito with eggs, black beans, cheese - served with roasted potatoes!  Yumm!
Both meals were fantastic, and hubs loved his two choices too (Day 1: he had the special 'Solar Flare' Stuffed Challah french toast, and Day 2: the pumpkin pancakes with berries and other awesomeness - he declared them the best pancakes he has ever had in his life)
Also a huge fan of the coffee (strong, and your cup never goes empty!)The stuffed french toast was out of this world. I also had an omelette an a latte, both of which were amazing. This place is really crowded so definitely call and make a reservation first. Even with a reservation we had to wait 10 minutes a on Saturday at noon.Delicious!! We got huevos rancheros, tofu scramble, and homemade granola with soy milk! SO YUM.Sabrina's serves great food, great coffee, and a great places to take out of town guests. 
This is just my favorite because it's the most comfortable and the least likely to have to wait long for a table. Am pretty sure there is nothing to say that others have not said, but personally I'm a huge fan of the seitan cheesesteak here. Vegan & vegetarian friendly but also great for meat-lovers.There normally is a wait to be seated every weekend but it's well worth the wait.  Brunch is amazing especially the stuffed french toast!  Staff is great and food is well executed in a timely fashion.I absolutely love Sabrina's and I wish that it was located in Boston! The atmosphere is very homey, and the staff are incredibly friendly. We ended up sitting at the bar for a shorter wait time and we have the most lovely server. All this, and the food was also amazing. Everything we had was delicious.This is one of the 'go to' places when I have friends in from out of town.  I love everything about Sabrinas.  Except the very long waits that can occur in the mornings on the weekends.   I would highly recommend getting there when they first open or be prepared to wait a while.  I have always had great service.  The space is tight.  Usually in the winter when people have very puffy jackets with them and over their seats, it can become a bit difficult to move through the restaurant. BUT, it still would not deter me from going back.Amazing menu. 
unique and creative.
huevos rancheros was deliciousI enjoyed the variety of flavors in the dishes here, but the portions are way too big. I liked the atmosphere, and our server Evan took care of us with charm and wisdom. Very pleasant dining experience. Food for parties of 2-6.I've gone to all of the Sabrina locations and this one has a nice and comfy feel to it, much like the one in South Philly, but it still has it's own unique vibe. The service is great! Portions are always more than enough. This time I shared the Mexican Mac and cheese with my friend which turned out to be pretty filling on it's own. I love how it worked out since we both didn't want to order individual entrees or only get appetizers. The entree itself was extremely delicious!! It was a very different Mac and cheese, but so good, I would for it again.This is the best brunch place in the city.
Try the stuffed French Toast. Period. 
The Huevos Rancheros is also really good and so is the Southwest Chicken Salad. The service is helpful and attentive and we usually get sat pretty quickly even though they're super busy.Sabrina's is a really cozy brunch place near the museums. It's situated slightly farther than how much I'd like to walk for brunch, or else I'd frequent it more often.
Expect to wait on a Sunday even close to 2PM. You can call in before hand to put your name on the list. One tip is if you go with just 2-3 people and don't mind sitting at the bar, it's free seating. (So, whenever anybody gets up, it's a free for all for the seats). That's what we ended up doing.
They have their regulars as well as a special brunch menu that is continuously updated. This week, it was MTV themed. So, I got the Tila Tequila Mexi Special. It was a fried tortilla shell, topped with mango pulled pork, two fried eggs, salsa, and a lime sour cream. It also came with an order of home fries. You can ask for ketchup and hot sauce (they also have Siracha!). 
My boyfriend got the stuffed challah french toast everyone has raved about. You can add extra ingredients on for 50cents, or substitute the banana topping with something else. He switched it out for strawberry, which was perfect because the stuffing already had bananas in it!
The portions are big. Two dishes would have fed three, but one is not enough variety for two to share! We ended up taking half of the french toast home. Looking forward to the leftovers for breakfast!BYOB brunches are whack.
Waiting 40 minutes for a table is whack.
Being cramped into a booth is whack.
Quick service, inexpensive and one-of-a-kind brunch items, as well as ahi-tuna burgers, and beautiful patrons....well, let's just agree...
THAT's NOT WHACK.I love Sabrina's Cafe! I find this place very lovely and the food is delicious. I got the stuffed french toast and it was unbelievable great. The cheese eggs was amazing. The fried potatoes was good too. The portion size was great  as well.
My only critique is that we waited 15 minutes to be greated by our server. But he turned out to be great. I believe he was the only server on the floor and this particular night was moderately busy.
I'll definitely be back!First, I'll say this is an interesting space... multi-purpose dining... house?
I don't know... judging from some of the other photos here I may have missed out. My challah french toast definitely didn't look that exciting in comparison. It was cool for what it was, but honestly not too memorable. The sausage and eggs I had were pretty standard too. I suppose, most of all I liked the dining experience as I'm rarely in Powelton Village for anything. It was an early weekday morning so the waiting that other people mention wasn't an issue for me. We were seated no problem.
And to all the Drexel med school girls, I noticed you noticing me and I just wanted to put you on notice that... I noticed you too.
And to Sabrina, it's not you it's me.First brunch spot of the weekend that my friend and fellow yelp elite Yiwen S took us to. It was my first time visiting Philly and my goal was to EAT well since I believe that one can experience a city by eating it's food. I knew I was in good hands with Yiwen S.  
Sabrina's set the bar high for the rest of the trip. I had the brunch of the irish special which was a hearty meal that hit the spot. We also shared the stuffed French toast. Let me tell you, when the dish came to the table - my  mouth dropped. I had never seen a French toast quite like this. It was stuffed with cream cheese and tasted OH SO GOOD. My girlfriend and Yiwen shared a huevos rancheros on a crispy tortilla with lime sour cream (HIGHLIGHT) and guac. Good stuff. 
We were sufficiently stuffed after the meal and looked forward to experiencing more of Philly's good eats over the weekend.Sabrinas has started using the NoWait app, and it is the best solution to the Saturday morning wait problem. I can "get in line" using my phone from my house. Once the line is down to a few parties, I head in. 
The service has also improved considerably. The last two or three times I have gone to Sabrinas, my coffee was never empty for long. I am so excited to be able to go to Sabrinas again!A+++++
Amazing
Awesome
First time going here, safe to say I be back here definitely, It looked small from outside but really big once you get inside..
My friend and I were seated quickly once we came inside,  our  nice waiter Jayson came soon after with our menus and asking us wanted we to drink while we decided on our food.
We were not totally sure what we wanted, cause we did not know if we would like it so I ordered the Buttermilk short stack pancakes and my friend got the signature challah french toast. So that we can taste... I underestimated the pictures on yelp, one plate was enough to feed 2 people by itself!!! 
We barely could finish the pancakes they were so nice and fluffy & thick and the french toast thick as well and crunchy with nice sweet cream cheese filling... heaven.. pork sausage I found a bit too sweet.. but not at all bad and friend had turkey sausage bit more chewier and crunchier than the pork also sweet as well...
We was not disappointed, Jayson came to check on us throughout our meal to make sure we was all good.
This place was not super busy, but semi full we came at around 10:30 am I believe.  It did start to pick up at around noon but no long lines as the reviews says, but we went on a weekday specifically Monday.
All in all it was excellent, my friend and I will be back with bigger stomachs and less greedy eyes to conquer the french toast !This was a cute little brunch spot. We went around dinner time but they still served their signature breakfast dishes. The atmosphere was very cute, quiet and cozy. Our waitress was very friendly and patient, since we had a tough time choosing what to order. I would definitely recommend Sabrina's to people looking for a good quality meal and welcoming atmosphere.This place was BOMB! The decor isn't much to ooh & ahh over but the food is AHHHHMAZING! Together we ordered the stuffed French toast and the loaded lax bagel (salty and sweet-duh), both were superb. The servers were all wearing their own clothes which gave the perfect lazy breakfast vibe that we craved. Definitely glad I listened to my fellow reviewers and stopped here during my trip to Philly!Great atmosphere. The wait staff was ok...just felt the heel of their shoe in our backs as they were 2 hours away from closing and they were really trying to get us out.  I ordered the barking chihuahua...good food...fast fast service..will definitely come back again.This place always seems so busy but I never had to wait for a table. The service was great - perfect for an in/out lunch. They have excellent vegan and vegetarian options; the tofu scramble was my favorite. 
They lost a star because one of the salads was pretty weak. I think it was their asian salad that was supposed to have all of this extra stuff in it (edamame, avocado - which I may have requested, and some more), but it turned out to be a big bowl of lettuce with the add-ons spread very, very sparingly throughout. I usually don't even use dressing on my salads, so I'm ok with my food being a little bland but this was disappointing. It was just one salad, so it could have been a bad day. 
I still highly recommend this restaurant!!Great food, not a terrible wait ( considering it was a Sunday during brunch hours). The space is a little right which I'm not a fan of but makes sense due to the area. It's connected to a place called Spencer's eta burgers and the staff seems to work both places. Is a bit kid friendly. 
This place has an amazing waiting area. Instead of waiting outside or in a tiny little closet ( much like the one on callowhill) you can wait upstairs in a lush living room setting with TVs and a wii. Which definitely makes a long wait more tolerable.
The whole wheat pancakes phenomenal! The tofu scramble is great as are the "homies" as they call them . ( homefries) 
Super cute, with good food. The staff seemed stress and wasn't super present. Seemed like there should have been more of them working in such a rush but I can live with that with a tofu scramble I like .If you're going for Sunday brunch, it's going to be packed. Call 45 minutes to an hour ahead, and you can be seated almost immediately after you arrive.
Avoid the orange juice. It's fresh squeezed (apparently by monks), and they hit you for 4 bucks a glass - with no free refills. It has no pulp and tastes like it's from concentrate. Go for one of the many other breakfast juice options.
If you're a bacon and eggs kind of brunch person, this place isn't for you. The portions are BIG. The challah french toast - regular or stuffed - is fantastic. Unfortunately, that's the best part. Some basic sides - a cup of fruit or a side of bacon - will run you at least $2 to $3 each, and the portions there aren't much to speak of.
If you want some fantastic french toast and a good cup of coffee, and don't mind calling ahead or waiting, Sabrina's is great for brunch. But if you want a bit of variety without being nickel and dimed (or in this case, 2-and-3-dollared) for it, there's better options to be found in the city.The food here was okay but nothing special. We had to wait for a table even in the late afternoon and then we were seated right next to the hostess stand which was a shame because the inside looked very cozy from where our seat. But I guess it's a good sign if the restaurant is busy. 
The waiter came over right away and informed us that they were out of a ton of fruit which eliminated a good portion of the menu. 
We ordered the special pumpkin pecan pancakes and an omelet. The food was fine but lacked flavor and creativity. It seems they go for quantity over quality so a great option if you don't want to have to eat for the rest of the day.My go to brunch spot when my friends come to town to visit. Tofu scramble is perfection! The best I've ever had. Great for vegans. The price makes it even better.
Also, for those complaining about the wait, just call ahead and have them put your name on the list. Saves time! I usually call right before I get in the shower (I live close by) for a 40 minute wait and by the time I get there I only wait about five minutes.I think that the perfect way to describe Sabrina's is as an upscale diner. It is the perfect little brunch spot in University City (they have another location in Center City, but I've never been there). My boyfriend lives really close so we stop here pretty often to grab a bite to eat. The food has always been fantastic and we love that they have new specials so often and how personalized the chef makes them!
Some rules:
1. If you like french toast, you have to try the Stuffed Challah French Toast. It is to die for and I don't say that lightly. It is just that stinking good. The portion is HUGE (it's really enough for two people) and I always wind up bringing some of it home. I like ordering it with a side of sausage and turning it into 2-3 meals. The stuffing is sweet with just a hint of sour to make it jive really well with the vanilla bean sauce. (Can you tell I'm a fan?!)
2. Don't be afraid to try the specials! My boyfriend almost always orders something off of the special menu and its easy to do - they change them frequently enough that you truly do have a limited amount of time to try them.
3. If you want a more relaxed experience, avoid peak meal times. The place is hoppin' and if you go around a normal meal time you may find yourself waiting quite a while, or crowded into a small table because that is all that they have available. We like to go for more of a brunch time and there is usually much less of a crowd. We rarely go on the weekends because it is just packed.
Overall - LOVE Sabrina's. Only place I have ever found that compares is Miss Shirley's in Baltimore, MD.Food was not bad.  I got myself the eggs benedict and it was what you would expect.  Ive had a bit better at other spots hit I'm not complaining.  Not too bad for $11.   The service was average and the wait is long for a place like this during brunch on a Sunday.  Will be coming back in the futureGreat food, the best breakfast in University City and cheaper than its competitors. Whether I want savory or sweet, I've never been disappointed by what I ordered.
The wait can be excessive, even with a reservation I've had to wait upwards of 10 minutes. Service is generally just okay. In my opinion, that's very forgivable given the huge crowds and made up for by the delicious food.I just had the most unpleasant experience here. I've had better service when it's busy, this morning it wasn't. I walked in, made contact with the hostess and she did not acknowledge me until she finished writing whatever it was that she was writing. That alone should have made me leave, however my previous experience here was pleasant....She greeted us and said it would be a 10-20 min wait hut we could sit at the counter if we wanted to. We said sure, she shoved the menus in my hand and went about her business.  Not sure if she woke up on the wrong side of the bed, but she could stand to be a little more alert and pleasant.  We walked out and would be hard pressed to come back.So wonderful. 
This is probably my favorite place for breakfast. Their specials are always changing and I almost always order one of them. They have some really off-the-wall things (like a frittata with apples), but everything seems to work. Their coffee is outstanding (La Colombe) and the servers are always very friendly. 
I've also been to their Christian street location a few times and find it just as good (ALWAYS get the sweet potato fries). Although I seem to always be at that location for lunch and the Callowhill location for breakfast, but still both are great. 
Not being able to eat here more often is one of the main things I miss about being in Center City.So after walking for prostate cancer on Father's day. We decided to go to come here for brunch. The hostess told us it would be a 30 minute wait. It turned into an hour.  And we are still waiting. Unbelievable. Then another party that came after us was seated before us. Not a good father's day after the walk.  Hostess didn't seem like she cared.  Will not be coming back.Awesome dinner and dessert! Sabrina's always provides a great dining experience! 
The staff is always friendly! Job well done.Holy Hell. Goodness. Sweet goody goodness.
This place is so delish.
I went here with a group of ten for breakfast and everything looked amazing. It was music to my ears when the waiter said everything on the menu was available at all times, and I went right for the brunch menu.
I ordered the French Toast to the New Year. OMG! Let me tell you, this was the bomb-diggity! It's challah french toast stuffed with so much good stuff. In addition to the traditional cream, it also had Mascarpone cheese, orange preserves, vanilla cookie pieces, dried cherries, and Nutella, all topped with a berry honey syrup.
Are you drooling yet? I still am.
It was soooo good. And, it was huge. I ate through one piece and tried to tackle the second piece. Two bites later and I was defeated by this monster.
Everything others got looked good too. The omelets and Barking Chihuaha, kind of like an Italian egg burrito of sorts, really jumped out at me.
I can so see myself going back to this place multiple times just to try the different awesomeness that's on their menu.It was ok.
The stuffed french toast was huge. It would have been nice if both sides of the french toast were cooked prior to assembly. What you end up with is two slices of THICK challah bread french toast coocked nicely on the outslde filled with an overly-sweet cream cheese based filling, soaked in syrup, with a few delicious bananas lying around. Unfortunately, the inside side of the bread isn't cooked, and it's a little mushy. 
My eggs sucked big time. I got an omelette, which was rubbery, and slightly burnt. The mushrooms and cheese were still good.
The fried potatoes were very good. 
Most of my and my husband's  food was left on the plate...so I took a doggie bag.
Since the table was so crowded (WHAT is with the tiny tables in Philly????) I couldn't get to my hot tea - which was quite cute in a gourmet bag- so I had to take it to go after we ate.
One of the worst parts was the wait. I called ahead at 9:55, I was told it would be 20-30 minutes. I called again to be cure at the 25 minute mark and was told we'd be seated in 5 minutes. We hopped in a cab and got there in 2 minutes. We were told again, it would be a 5 minute wait, but that ended up being about 15-20 minutes.
We'll try someplace else next time.Sabrina's Caf is definitely my new favorite, hip place to dine. The atmosphere is very casual, yet professional and neat. The menu caters to a lot of different tastes, with a variety of choices, such as Italian and Asian cuisine to name a few. My first two times at Sabrina's, I had a variation of the same dish: the Crispy Tofu and Coconut Shrimp, both served over delicious soba noodles, which have been layered in a sesame sauce, mango salsa, and to top it off, avocado chunks. This dish, accompanied with the vegetable spring rolls, is a pure win. I really love the amount of food you receive here; the portions are more than adequate. A few times I wasn't even able to finish my meal on sight.
On average, the service is good as well. The staff is generally very friendly, willing to assist your needs. I highly recommend this lovely gem, which has two other locations, one in South Philadelphia, and the other near the Art Museum.Cute place, reminiscent of european dining in terms of proximity to your neighbor's table. 
Service: friendly and attentive (coffee/water was always full and they have soy milk for all the lactards out there)
Food: large portions and excellent quality
Price: appropriate for the amount you get
Dishes:
French toast challah regular- Delicious but will put you into a food coma.
Huevos rancheros (poached eggs)- I'd get it again! Guac was spicy and the roasted pepper on top really gave the dish that extra smoky hit of flavor. All around great dish.
Breakfast march- Good but HR was better.
Chicken noodle soup- Good flavor/broth but the chicken was a little dry. 
All the platters looked amazing so it was hard to choose what to get. Eyes definitely bigger than my stomach moment here. 
Worth the wait :)OMFG THIS PLACE IS SOOOOOOOO GOOD 
OMG I can't keep raving about this amazing place for hours. Theyhave nice friendly staff. The food is THE BOMB DOT COM. Like everything was fresh and delicious and truely made with the highest quality. I loved everything :) can't wait to come backThis place is always good & consistent. The huevos rancheros are a must -try. The wait tends to be pretty long (about 30 minutes), but if you call ahead, it's take some time off.My daughter and I visited Sabrina's for breakfast and as we do at the Sabrina's in Bella Vista, we ordered the tofu scramble.  It was really tasty and as both of us keep a vegan diet we were happy that there was something here we could enjoy.  Alice was our server and she was attentive and friendly.  
Our only disappointment was that Sabrina's does not offer a non-dairy vegan spread or just margarine in place of butter.  We would have expected that option in a city like Philadelphia.I had quite possibly the most amazing french toast I've ever seen or had, here... the much acclaimed cream cheese-stuffed challah french toast. I didn't expect it to be as enormous as it was.
My friend and I both wanted to try the french toast, and so decided to split both the Stuffed Challah French Toast and the Apple & Wisconsin Cheddar omelet. Good thing, because the proportions of both dishes is quite large, and quite frankly, as amazing as the french toast is and looks, I got tired of eating it halfway through my half-plate portion. It's just too sweet and rich to endure for any prolonged period.
The omelet was interesting and tasty as well. It's made with thin apple slices, and I thought that the combination was pretty interesting, as I'd never think to make an omelet with apples. I liked it. The toast and fruit that came with that breakfast item were fairly standard and mundane.
The building is cute and charming in an old Victorian style, though I understand that it's actually a Drexel building.  We were the first ones there on a Friday morning at 8:30, and a couple more people entered the restaurant during our visit.
Service was a bit weird, slightly absent, and spacey. Once I had submitted my credit card with the bill for payment, it was returned to me without my itemized receipt... apparently the waitress had thrown it away in the interim. I'm not sure why restaurants do this... I'd like to keep my receipt, thanks. I called her back over and asked if I may receive the receipt, and she turned to the nearby trash can and dug it out, handed it to me, and then turned to leave... and then she turned around again and said, "Don't worry, there's just like coffee liners in there..." Oh, OK.
But this is definitely a cute and fun place to visit for breakfast. I noticed that they have a special Avengers-themed menu right now...This place came highly recommended, and the food doesn't disappoint! I got the Huevos Rancheros (only get if you are seriously hungry, because the portions are huge). 
My only beef with the place was how loud they had the music. Made it hard to have a conversation without feeling like you had to talk over the din.Three words, CHALLAH FRENCH TOAST! Comes with two pieces the size of your hands.  Its not your average French toast. Cream cheese in between your toast with some cinnamon sprinkled around,syrup dripping from every bite, sweet bananas placed on top and powdered sugar giving it a little extra touch. That is all I can say...CHALLAH FRENCH TOAST!Came here on Sunday morning and seated right away. However by the time we left, around 1-2pm, the wait was around 45 min. We were happy to be seated near the windows, which was quieter compared to the inner portion of the restaurant. Food was excellent!! Quality was great and portions were generous. Everything tasted super fresh. Great brunch experience.Fabulous!  
Lived 4 blocks from here, wonderful location! 
Only a few bigger tables, sufficient booths, otherwise kinda squishy seating so you better like the people you come here with.  Also the food is so mind blowingly phenomenal that you better not come here with someone you despise because you might just become confused half way through your meal and mistake your foodgasm-euphoria for a warm-fuzzy-heart-growing feeling towards said unfortunate person. Or maybe you want to come here so you can overcome an awkward/unfriendly/unfortunate situation and be distracted by the array of veggie friendly or meat enjoying products.  
Also: BYOB, limited street parking, park a few blocks away and walk.  Call ahead to get your name on the list.  Dinner + brunch are equally wonderful.  Go to place for comfort food.  10+ visits. 
Large portions, worth the wait and the money.My daughter and I went to Sabrina's for their well-known stuffed French toast. The food was great but the customer service was...should I say, so, so. It definitely could have been better. But, I would go back hoping to get a different experienceHonestly amazing french toast. Best I've ever had. I went at 9 am on a Sunday and there was no wait! The portions were generous & I left with a happy stomach.Good atmosphere and food. Quick (if not pushy server). 
Got stuffed French toast 5/5
Also got lox omelette. Pretty salty. 3.5/5
Friend got some vegan wrap. Ate half of it and didn't even want to take the rest. Not bad, just bland 
2.5-3 out of 5Amazing food. Amazing service. Amazing place. Every single dish ordered was to perfection! The waitress was very friendly and helpful. Even the price was surprisingly cheap. They just changed the specials menu so make sure you try it out soon! We had the VEGETABLE SPRING ROLLS which appeared in a very cute display. They were just perfect- enough for 2 people.  For the entrees, the CHALLAH SPECIAL STUFFED FRENCH TOAST was comfort food 1-0-1!!! Was royally stuffed with cream cheese & Nutella, almonds and topped with powdered sugar, blueberries and strawberries. The quantity was humungous that I was only able to finish 1/4th of it. I WANNA BE FULL TEX MEX SPECIAL was equally good, equally huge but of course a savory dish filled with nachos, meat, veggies, beans and all sorts of good stuff. I'm definitely going back there to try out the other dishes which I'm sure will be as delicious! If you haven't gone to Sabrina's, you can't say you've been to Philly without visiting this place!Me and my husband ate here for breakfast and the food was delicious. I got the huevos rancheros which was delicious and the flavors were perfect! I love chorizo for breakfast and this hit the mark. Hubby got the challah stuffed french toast and it was delicious as well. The cream cheese was literally cream cheese not the sweetened kind but it obviously was coated in a sweet sauce. The service was ok, waiter forgot our water twice and hubs oj. But he brought it right before we paid and did not charge us so besides that everything was amazing and the place is so cute!!Stuffed Challah French Toast all the way!Delicious breakfast. Definitely a favorite spot. Cute location, but limited seating, and it's a popular spot so be prepared to wait to be seated. The service is quick and efficient but doesn't make you feel like your meal is being rushed. Can't wait to go back, the eggs Benedict were amazing.Can more resto's please let us add names to the wait list?! I went over the Callowhill location after being on the waitlist for an hour. It's a quirky, no frills interior and they've done quite the job fitting in as many seats. Our table ordered an omelette, a special and the stuffed challah toast. The portions are huge, so consider yourself warned!! If I could eat the challah toast every day without going into a food coma I would - it is fantastic! 
Coffee was also good, and promptly refilled in the mix/match mugs they use.Fabulous breakfast on Easter morning.  We were visiting Philly and wanted a nice breakfast for five.  We called about 45 minutes in advance for seats.  Stuffed French toast was huge and delicious.  Will definitely stop by again when in town by Drexel/U Penn.I love breakfast food and I had to check out this place since it was #2 on the list for best breakfast spots in Philly. I came with my friends and it's really cute on the inside. Plus I wish I would of known that it's  byob. I could of brought my own mimosas!! Their coffee was ok but the food was excellent. I had the French toast with bacon. The veggie frittata and their home fries was great!!! The potatoes were so crispy like you can tell their used an iron skillet. I will come back. The portions are big and the prices were reasonable. Im down for going to Sabrina's again when in town. 
Ps. Our waitress was so nice and accommodating.For how much I love Sabrina's on Callowhill I was kinda disappointed in my dinner last week when I adventured over to the 34th st location.  I had a Tuna dish with apple sauce, veggies, and mashed potatoes.  My companion had Tilapia (Cajun style spices) w/veggies and mashed potatoes.  Both of our fish were eh, neither of us were feeling the seasonings and sauces.  So that made our main dish a mediocre bust.  The saving grace was that we ordered Veggie Spring Rolls for appetizer... Boom! Blew my mind!!! Ginormous!! TONS of veggies, not just cabbage and carrots.  Thick wrapping and fried o-so perfectly! Also the sauce it was served with was sweet-spicy and just enough.  My mouth is watering now just thinking about it!  
This one's a college spot.  No booths, all small tables, but you can sit overlooking the street which could be nice to people-watch during daylight hours.  There's a take-out burger spot when you walk in so that's good for the college folk too.  
Overall, get the veggie spring rolls!, the rest of our food was edible it just wasn't up to our pre-conceived Sabrina's Expectations.  See, we have "Sabrina's Expectations" because the one on Callowhill is our go-to spot for brunch or dinner.  We're chalking this experience up to a seasonal-off-order.Sabrina's is just alright, it's a bit overrated and honestly a bit overcrowded, and can we honest about that wait? It's ridiculous, and absolutely not worth it.
My eggs were overdone (seriously how does one mess up the egg?) and honestly... the Challah french toast is nothing special, there are plenty of other brunch places that do a better version of it. 
As some others have pointed out, all their dishes are fairly average, there's nothing that's going to knock your socks off.
Don't get me wrong, Sabrina's isn't terrible, it's just an alright brunch place. If you factor in price, and wait time... it's absolutely not worth it, go somewhere else.Amazing brunch!  Worth the wait.  Cal ahead for reservations.  Stuffed french toast was amazing.  Juevos Rancheros next time.  The table next to us ordered thise and they look yummy!I live a few blocks away from Sabrina's and have been going there every couple of weeks since I moved to Fairmount. It is hands down the best brunch I have experienced in Philly! I love the atmosphere and the wait staff...and the food is even better. I usually get an omelette, but you can't really go wrong with anything from this place. 
It isn't the cheapest breakfast you'll find in the city...but the portions, quality, and taste are more than worth it in my opinion. It's also a nice spot for BYOB, I've brought a bottle of champagne a few times and they set you up nicely for mimosas.
Definitely one of my favorite spots in the city. Friendly employees, fast service, delicious coffee. The wait CAN be extensive, but they allow you to call ahead which basically cuts the wait time in half.
Worth a try for anyone in love with everything breakfast!I docked a star because I think the potatoes were bland. And for me potatoes are the best part of brunch! Other than that my Heuvos Rancheros was very good. The cilantro crema that came on top- I could bathe in it, literally.Well, after a coworker recommended this place and reading the Yelp reviews I decided to try Sabrina's. The menu looked promising, creative, but not to fancy. I visited the day after Thanksgiving and we went early enough that we were greeted and seated immediately. There was a good amount of people in the restaurant. I ordered their signature Stuffed French Toast and my mom ordered the basic-eggs, homefries, toast, and Scrapple. My stuffed french toast was good worth a second visit but not  enough to put on my craves list. My mom however was not pleased with her food, for starters, which is minor, she asked for white toast and they bought her wheat. No biggie they got her the right toast right away, however when she asked for jelly the waitress said they were out "This place is dry". Not sure how difficult it is to get jelly but they definitely lost a star because of it. If your a breakfast/brunch place jelly should be stocked up, I mean, not to be hard to please, but if breakfast is your business it just makes sense. Okay, so after completing our food the bill came. A whopping $31 bucks, while I am a foodie, it was just too expensive for a mediocre breakfast. I will pay them a visit again but only if I'm not paying...lol.  Dutch Eating Place is still one of my favs in the city for breakfast. If you big into breakfast Sabrina's is worth a visit.I was admittedly very reluctant to come back here due to my poor previous experience, but decided to give it another chance since it was a weekday and hopefully less busy. It was less busy! We were seated immediately, and I got my coffee pretty quickly. Unfortunately, it then took a long time for the waitress to come back and take our orders. 
The food was delicious though, and there was a lot of it -- enough to take half home for leftovers. 
The service was intermittent; even with the low number of customers in the middle of a weekday, our waitress took a while to refill the water and coffee, and when we asked for ketchup and hot sauce, she brought us 2 bottles of hot sauce and then left before we could ask for the ketchup... and didn't come back for a while.This place is so good. Thank you for good food conversation and service. It was busy but the wait for seating was not long at all.It was my first Sunday Funday @ this Sabrina's cafe location! My friend and I are we're craving mimosas and brunch close to her place. I came on yelp & saw the opportunity to add our names to the wait list while we made a run to the liquor store to grab champagne ! 
My rating below : Best out of 5! 
Vegetarian/ Vegan Food options: 4 
Parking availability: 3
Business Energy Cleanliness : 5 
Bathrooms: yes, 5 
Staff friendliness : 5 
Seating Space: 3 
Service: 5 
Yelp made it so easy for us to check how many parties were in front of us which was so cool & have us time to multitask. I'd call to confirm that our name was on the waitlist & to be sure it's byob like the other locations & to my surprise it wasn't ! 
THIS IS THE ONLY LOCATION NOT BYOB! I was sure I'd be disappointed because what's Sunday Funday without Mimosas !!! 
When we arrived , we were seated quite quickly & our server was friendly . I order the Huevos rancheros - vegan style & it was amazing ! We also ordered French toast; which was oh so tasty! 
This location is smaller & apart of Drexel campus. So the table are super close together but not uncomfortable .Where it feels like home.
My friends and I decided to get some breakfast at Sabrina's after a week of checking out what Philly had to offer.  We were greeted with a smile when we walked in and were seated immediately.
We all ordered a coffee, it was decent but nothin to rave about.  I ordered the Hueveos Rancheros. This was delicious!  Eggs on top of 2 crispy blue tortillas toped with a chorizo and bean mixed then finished off with sour cream and spicy guacamole. They also have some great breakfast potatoes on the side of that.  My lady ordered the stuffed French toast.  Although I'm not a savory not sweet breakfast person it was delicious. 
The decor was very homey from the mix match of coffee cups on the table to the wooden tables and chairs.  The service was also great.
If your looking for a great start to your day come here.I frequent this place as a Drexel Student. I think it was a great addition to our campus. I've gone here on Saturdays after practice to veg out with teammates. I've also come here between classes to take a friend out for a quick birthday lunch. Some days are better than others for getting a table. The wait always seems to go by pretty quickly, if there is one at all. The staff is friendly. My favorite part about this place is the mismatched coffee mugs, which gives it a very homey feel. The food is great. They circulate through a seasonal menu of all different specials, from which I almost always end up ordering. The names are creative and the entrees are always delicious. Even though they have such quick turnover of customers, I never feel rushed out the door.Considering we were a party of 2 and the hostess sat 3 other parties of 2 that arrived after us....wait time went from "oh should be less then 10 minutes" to a 34 minute wait which caused my meter to expire= $101 ticket cause of the hostess. Food was alright you cant really mess up breakfast foods.This place is called "Sabrina's Cafe and Spencer's Too". My friends and I were in Philly and found this place at random for breakfast on a Saturday late morning, and boy it exceeded all our expectations!  We waited for about 10 minutes before we got seated in this busy establishment, and were soon greeted by the friendly, attentive waiting staff.
Among us there is a Honduran, an Iowan and a Malaysian. We are pretty picky on food, so we were quite skeptical when the waiter recommended the stuffed Challah French toast and Huevos Rancheros. We ordered one of each, plus a lox and onion omelet. The food came cooked to order, in large portions, beautifully presented, and tasted delicious.
The Inch-thick (probably 2-inch thick!) Challah French Toast stuffed with banana crme frache was served over the perfect dose of maple syrup, topped with fresh slices of banana and lightly dusted with sugar. Each bite is an explosion of flavors in my mouth. I can see how is this the most desirable menu item at the place.
I usually imagine Huevos Rancheros to come with old chilli and soggy tortillas, but the one I had here just became the best I ever have. The tortillas were crispy, the chilli was not overpowered by pepper/spices, and I could taste the freshness of the beans and tomatoes. The fried eggs on top are beautiful done on a clean griddle (without the awful burnt stuff at the bottom as one usually finds in NJ diners). 
The lox and onion omelet is equally delicious. it's technically an "egg-roll" with multiple layers of lox and onions! My friend thought the lox is a little salty, but that's because he thought lox is some kind of sausage meat that tastes like salmon! 
Overall, we had a pleasant, amazing brunch experience at Sabrina's. I would certainly return if I'm in Philly again, perhaps this time to the other branch on Christian St!10/20 Called for a to go order... it's been a while since I've been to this location but from what I remember when dining in service was decent. I was promptly greeted explained I was here to pick up an order within moments I was given my sales slip & told that my order was still being prepared. I sat in the small waiting area of wooden chairs and uploaded pics of the menu to my yelp. Maybe 3-5 minutes later I was presented with my Greek salad warm pita with a side of grilled shrimp. This salad was hearty and robust. I enjoyed everything about it minus the dressing. Fortunately there was a generous serving of hummus that was textured enough to supplement... Sabrina's is always a good option wish there was one closer to where I live.Great breakfast spot in a cool building. Staff is very friendly and they are efficient. You can't go wrong with any of their breakfast options. My suggestion to Sabrina's is add pancakes as an option instead of toast and have butter and jelly on the tables. Simple breakfast requirements go a long way.Went for breakfast while visiting Philly for the weekend. We had a great breakfast, the service was friendly and cheerful. It's super casual and relaxed. 
I had the huevos rancheros which were delicious. The tortillas were light and tasty. Watch out for that hot pepper on the top... It was super hot!
We were there in a Saturday morning at 8:45, and there was no line. By 9:15 the place was full with a small intermittent waitlist. 
I got the feeling that the people who work there like doing so, and give off a good, positive vibe. Definitely recommended!Our waitress spilled red wine on my mom and almost spilled a container of Balsamic on me, but I didn't care because the food here is beyond incredible! 
My first trip to Sabrina's was to the Italian Market location with a friend but I decided to bring my family back to the Fairmount location to take advantage of their BYOB option. 
The food is never disappointing. I love the feel of the restaurant although I do wish they had an outside seating option. 
The ultimate Caesar Salad is to die for. I love that it has eggplant on it! Mmmmmmm....I get it with the Shrimp!
If I could order this everyday for lunch, I would.I really enjoy coming here. the ambience is pleasant yet energizing. The food is always plentiful, consistent and fresh. I highly recommend this place.My daughter recommended this place and it was a great choice. My wife and I both had the meat loaf ands it was awesome. My son had the 100% black angus burger and it was amazing. My daughter, our family vegetarian had the hummus plate and it made me want to give up meet. We all had milkshakes for dessert and they were totally fantastic. Great and pleasant service too. Highly recommend.Sabrina's is always a good place to go when all else fails. Known for their brunch, but all items on the menu have been good, and I prefer them over some other over hyped places. I love the specials they have. Their team is very creative in terms of putting certain ingredients together and the names or topics they use. Right now the specials are named after woke in government. I forget the name of what I ordered, but I received an egg white omelet with fontina, with a three tomato salsa on too served atop grilled carrot raisin bread. It came with a grilled grapefruit with cinnamon and their signature home fries. You have to appreciate the uniqueness if nothing else. Try it out!I had the egg white omelet with turkey bacon and guest had scrambled eggs. $30. Heard great things about this place, but honestly was not impressed. Menu very promising, but delivery only so-so. Coffee was good. Liked the retro decor and mismatched coffee cups. RC Cola on tap, which is unusual. Omelet was huge, bland and had canadian bacon, which had I known, I would not have ordered.
Scrambled eggs were huge, cooked well, but not real flavorful, which might be good since that probably means they didn't have a ton of butter. Toast was good, Le Bus sourdough, but I should have taken them up on their offer for jam. Fruit cup (substituted instead of home fries) was fresh and pretty tasty. Tea was OK. Bacon wasn't that good, kind of overcooked.
Service was very nice, friendly, attentive, but not in your face.
Not likely to return.Portion sizes are huge so consider sharing. Every plate that came out looked wonderful. We had a great experience with the wait staff and brunchIf you're super hungry for some good diner-esque food, this is the spot! GIGANTIC plates of great food! I get the huevo's rancheros (which are, of course, gluten free) and I am never disappointed! They simply have the best homefries, so crispy and hot! The french toast looks amazing (though I've not tried it) and the service is always stellar. It seems a mite pricey until you see how much food you're gonna get. A super fun spot!This place came highly recommended for brunch.  There are lots of toppings for your pancakes which is great and I would give them a 4 star.   The place is cute so again I wanted to give higher ratings but staff was just ok and simple coffee with no offer of a refill cost me $2.39.I went to this Sabrina's location because of a google offer that was available. Service was just alright. They only had about two waitresses for the entire restaurant on a friday night.
The food:
Calamari appetizer: pretty good, I would recommend this to others
Spring rolls: meh, wasnt a huge fan of these
Eggs benedict: This was pretty gross for some reason, but the potatoes on the side were pretty good. They forgot the sausage i ordered with it but brought it out eventually after i told them.
Stuffed French Toast: Get this if you are a first time visitor. I had a bite of it and it was super delicious
Dessert. BREAD PUDDING. This was really good, and came with a scoop of ice cream on top. It might be a bit much if you also ordered the stuffed french toast
Cheesecake: meh. Im not sure how they messed this up but it wasnt that good
There are way too many good reviews for this place so i may have to come back and give them another chance, but i wasnt too happy with the foodGinormous portions.   wow.
Came out here with the Rat pack when we were touring the East Coast.   A friend yelped the place, and saw that it looked good.  yelp reviews did not disappoint.  
We were seated immediately.  the place was crowded.  that means people love the place.  though we were seated awkwardly at a round table very close to another, so chair mashing against other customers was happening.  but people were friendly so it was ok.
I ordered the Marty McFly loaded Pancakes.  it was infused with mangoes, bacon, and all kinds of fruit.  it was also topped with a bunch of mangoes, bananas, and blueberries.  it was amazing.  the triple stack was a bit much for me, but it was damn delicious.
a couple friends ordered the stuffed French toast.  it did not disappoint.  creamy on the inside, and very flavorful. 
the staff was very friendly and checked on us frequently.  If i go back to Philly, i will definitely stop by again!Feels very homie and much like a diner feel to it. Great service and superb dishes like all of the Philly Sabrina's Cafe! Their Challah French is sooooo good, but it's a must share dish. So filling!I took my girl friend to here last Sunday for brunch and we both loved it. This place offers the best Eggs Benedict on campus.Sabrina's is one of my all time favorite places to go to for brunch. Called in beforehand to put my name on the list since it was Sunday brunch. So the wait wasn't bad at all once we got there. I split the french toast and the huevos rancheros with my friend. Both were amazing! Love how thick the slices of french toast are.The best huevos rancheros that I've had in Philly.  Only bad part is waiting for a table when they get really busy.Bomb. I got the stuffed French toast and scrapple. The scrapple was exactly how anyone would want it,crispy on the outside and chewy on the inside. French toast was so great I didn't even need syrupAlmost a year after a bad experience with extremely salty sausages, inconsistently fried eggs, and soggy bread, I gave Sabrina's another shot. I got the Lox and Onion omelette which comes with toast and potatoes. The meal was actually tasty and filling. The salmon was still over-salted, but the eggs balanced it out. The place also gives a warm, homey ambience. I'm still not too crazy about this place, but I'd definitely come back for occasional brunch gatherings in the winter.Super fast, friendly, accommodating service. I came at 9 AM on a Sunday with a party of 8 and we only have to wait a few minutes (we called ahead). Lots of gluten free options and good with other allergies and vegetarian. Nice bathroom and cute space.It usually takes me a little bit to warm up to new potential lunch spots, but it was love at first bite with Sabrina's. Here is a quick taxonomy about why you should love Sabrina's too:
1) the space: I can't think of a restaurant that better evokes the collegiate aesthetic than Sabrina's. It's in a building/house on Drexel's campus, and is open and airy with original wood floors, etc. It feels like you should hang out here all day, drink coffee, and discuss how Breaking Bad partially adheres to the form of the classical Greek tragedy (at the expense of actually doing the reading you need to do to prepare for class). 
2) the food: the menu is pretty expansive, offered breakfast all day alongside lots of great lunch and dinner options. They also have a whimsical take on naming their specials, going for names that capture the zeitgeist (what's 'trending,' if you will), like "Gus Fring's Pollos Hermanos Chicken and Waffles." 
My favorite dish on the menu for lunch is the Cali-Turkey sandwich. It's thick-sliced turkey on an amazing toasted, whole-grain bread, with alfalfa greens and roasted red pepper mayo. It comes with bacon, but I sub out the bacon for the delicious housemade long hots. I also sub in a salad for fries, as their side salad is amazing: slices of strawberry, goat cheese, etc. 
3) the staff: I usually get the same waitress (as I usually go at the same time), and I like her very much. She's always very pleasant, is patient when I ask for substitutions (like the aforementioned one), and always gets my order right. 
Awesome place. Definitely try it out.Their food is amazing and a great price! I'm pretty sure my stuffed French toast for only $10 will last me 2 more meals. My waitress, although I regrettably don't remember her name (the one with the purply hair!) was a SWEETHEART and super attentive. My friend and I plan on making many more Sunday brunch trips to Sabrina's!We stopped by around 10am for brunch on a weekday and was seated right away. This place has great ambiance and excellent food. I ordered steak n' eggs, topped with a roasted plum tomato chimichurri, while hubby ordered the Huevos Rancheros and they did not disappoint. Definitely a thumbs up!Food is great. Really fresh.  Building is a great old house in Powelton Village.  French toast looks great. I had the Flaming Moe's Mexi Special with egg whites. Really good. Potatoes were amazingly great.Best French Toast in usa. Simple. Egg Benedict pretty awesome too.l lunch as good as breakfast. Comfortable tables, bright window light interior, beautiful 19th century mansion location. This is a Phila legend surely?  University City classic. Been going there for 4 years...nevler changes.I'm not sure there's a better place for brunch in the Philly area for the price. Wonderful diverse menu, friendly staff, lovely unpretentious restaurant in an old Victorian (which I believe doubles as a Drexel student center). The one downside: the wait!! Come early or be prepared to walk around for a while (to their credit, they do give out beepers).I love coming to Sabrina's for Sunday brunch. Their food is always really good and has great value (I always have leftovers for the next day). Usually I stick with the stuffed challah french toast, the classic option for first-timers, but this time I ordered the "Post-Hibernation Feast Special Breakfast" (accurate, considering the weather). They were kind enough to replace the the bacon with vegan sausage, and although I was a little wary about the "blackberry-apricot-jalapeno" but it turned out to be great with the eggs.  The cornbread french toast wasn't very good so I would stick with some of their standard french toast options. I also prefer the University City location to the one on Callowhill.Stuffed French toast...warm and creamy, great bread used and no extra syrup was needed.We waited about 40 mins to be seated (12 noon on a Sunday), but the servers were so friendly, food came out quickly, and everything was delicious. 
The stuffed french toast is epic. The Mexi scramble was great too, but had a bit too many onions in my opinion. Mexi scramble came with black bean grits which were really unique and yummy. Top it off with fresh squeezed orange juice and we were set. 
The seating was lovely too. We sat out on the enclosed porch with big windows and a nice view. A little pricey, but the portions were enormous.My favorite, go-to brunch spot! I take people from out of town here whenever I have visitors because I know there's something for everyone on the menu- and a new fun specials menu every time I go! Whether it's breakfast food or lunch food, I'm never let down. There is usually a wait on weekends (but that shouldn't be a surprise in downtown Philly). I'd say the french toast options are the stand out for me!May be better suited for breakfast/brunch. I came to eat lunch around 1:30 and waited around 10 minutes to be seated.  Had to flag down a waiter to take our order.  He forgot the smoked seitan on my salad, which wasn't smoked at all. Just the typical frozen stuff they serve at typical not really vegetarian places. 
Same for the veggie burger. Tasted like the frozen stuff too. The chicken cutlet was ok. Need to look for a better vegetarian joint where they actually make the food on premise.Sabrina's third location in Philly, and the first on the west side of the river. The old house location is beautiful. Menu is the same, which means good breakfast and lots of vegetarian options. The brunch specials weren't available yet, but hopefully they will be soon. Busy on a Sunday, but the wait was shorter than I've experienced at the other two locations. This location has lots of communal tables, so we ate right next to some Drexel students. It was close, but fine. Nice, attentive servers.My boyfriend had nothing but good things to say about Sabrina's so here we came for an early dinner. We missed the brunch crowd so we were seated promptly. I ordered the huevos rancheros and they were so good. The portion was generous and everything was seasoned nicely. The presentation was also very appetizing. I would definitely like to return. The stuffed French toast was calling my name but I was able to resisit...this time. ;)Everything I've eaten here thus far has featured eggs. And that's okay with me. Breakfast of eggs "homies" (read: homefries, or fried potato chunks) and toast, and then a few weeks later, lunch of huevos rancheros. I've been lucky enough to enjoy Sabrina's on weekdays at off times (so no lunch rush and breakfast crowds to battle) and have never experienced even a moment of wait to be seated.
I will say, however, that it took a surprisingly long amount of time for my breakfast foods to arrive on my first visit. The second trip, for lunch, took an equal amount of time, but I was with a larger party and there were more complicated orders. Breakfast, though, was scrambled eggs, toast, and potatoes. Not too tough, right? 
They've got an abundance of seating, different little nooks and crannies of the warm and inviting space, so each experience can feel a little different. I LOVE the gorgeous, interesting drawings on the chalkboard (drawn by an employee! Not to be missed) and the tiny Frank's hot sauces, as well as the regular outpouring of ketchup on demand. The flavors of the huevos were AMAZING, lots of crunch and spice and some lime sour cream (AMAZING!!) topped with a charred jalapeno....  wow. 
That said, the other foods (potatoes and the scrambled eggs) were pretty standard. Large portions, but I would try and order something with wow factor, don't waste your time on the basic options.I was here for brunch yesterday. We went around 1pm and waited for about half an hour. 
I had the eggs benedict, and wow. It was good. I have a few small gripes though - There was too much hollandaise sauce and it was a taad sour. I scraped a lot of it off. I also regretted adding the canadian bacon (regular one was fine). Also, there was also only spinach on one of my eggs and not the other :S But the eggs themselves were great stuff. And that really really made my day.
I also tried some of my friend's french toast, that was a little bit sweet, but not bad.
Service was good considering it was very crowded, my coffee was refilled once. It was incredibly noisy though! We were lucky to get a seat by the windows at the side, so I'd say the noise level was half of what it was inside.They NEVER disappoint. The wait can be ridiculous at times but it's definitely worth it. It's a little uncomfortable when they are full but it's very personal and the food...my GOD. It's amazing. The staff is cool and friendly and efficient.1. Brunch!
2. Long waiting times
3. Rich and DENSE
Consumed (over a few visits): 
Barking Chihuahua $8.99
Stuffed Challah French Toast $9.99
Huevos Rancheros $10.99
Eggs Benedict Florentine $10.95
I'd give this place 3.5 stars. The place is decent, but I find that anytime I come here, the waiting time is just too much. I really don't have the time to wait around for 30-45 minutes. It's usually at least an hour after arrival before food enters my belly. It's a popular place, but it'd be nice if there was a more efficient system? 
The food is pretty good. It's pretty rich and filling. My favorite will probably have to be the Eggs Benedict Florentine. In general, I like to share a savory dish and the french toast with someone. I find that the french toast alone is just too overwhelming, but it does have a really rich cream cheese filling.I wish I could give this place a ZERO. we had a large party to go there today. We call at 1100, they promise us a table at 1230. When 1230 came, they told us it would be another 20 to 30 minutes. By 1:00, we talk to the manager, he says he doesn't know when we would get a table, and it would be at least another 20 to 30 minutes. He kept seating people and never saved a table for us. Bottom line, the manager never should have taken our name because they couldn't handle our party, but he kept leading us on because he wanted our money. HORRIBLE service. Rude manager who lied to us because he got greedy. The food may be good, but make sure you eat something before you go because you will wait forever!Sabrina's is great, especially for a special occasion. It's pricey but their rotating specials are always different and have a funny theme. Breakfast is definitely the best time to go but they don't take reservations so call ahead and get there early or you'll be waiting 45min+
Get the mexi special or the huevos rancheros! Stuffed french toast is also awesome!
Only thing I don't like is that it's not BYO like the other locaitons but that's likely because it's located in a Drexel building.Absolutely get the party on broad street french toast! So amazing. The service is great; my waitress was super friendly and told us about other cool places to go in Philadelphia. I'm from LA, where these kinds of cutesy cafes are on any street you walk down. I approve! Convenient location for anyone staying here to visit UPenn or Drexel.Great place for brunch  nice ambiance. Portions are huge  Waite time was minimal. I would recommend it   And I will definitely come back.Overall, a Wonderful experience! The service was exceptional and the food was amazing. Our table shared pancakes, French toast, an omelette, and a burger. Everything was cooked perfectly and served in a timely manner. The French toast was huge and delicious! The pancakes were fluffy and just the right amount of sweet. The burger was far above average for a small cafe and included a side of fries. The omelette was stuffed full of the freshest ingredients and was not runny or overcooked(as so often happens with omlettes that contain veggies).  This is my new breakfast spot. : )Awesome food and very cool place to hang around Drexel's campus! Will definitely visit again soon!Overall: 3.5 stars.. 3.7 If I'm allowed to do that, haha!
I've been here probably 3 times total.
My in-dining experiences were all good. Service was great, I have no complaints in that department. The stuffed french toast with vanilla bean syrup, DELICIOUS. My best friend enjoyed it very much. I also had a side of polenta fries -- which I have gotten on every subsequent return to Sabrina's. They're delicious. I think they only give you 4.. but they're very filling. Comes with marinara sauce, and... mmm thinking about it now I'm just drooling.
Value? Good. I think it's GOOD value. It's delicious, prices range from 8.99 to about $15 for lunch/brunch items, and a bit more for dinner. It used to be my favorite brunch place. However, I've found a few more that I am more fond of.. and are consistently $3-4 cheaper for dishes, comparatively.
My living social experience: This is why I gave them a little downgrade from a solid 4 stars (which I considered them before). I bought one of those deals: " $5 for $10 worth of food for takeout or delivery. I ordered the Cali Turkey sandwich with sweet potato fries with no powdered sugar ( i don't like the way they make their sweet potato fries here). Well I show up, my order is ready, great! However, the lady (who is very nice and was trying to be helpful..) said that " normally you have to place your orders online to use that". I know EXACTLY which deal she is talking about. I have that other deal on my phone it says " MUST place order online for voucher". However, my deal didn't have that. I know. I'm a constant and avid living social/ grouponer, so I know. I explained to her, and then she said " I have to get my manager. I don't have the password." Fair enough.. but really? I mean I don't understand, do they not have the technology? Most people know that groupon or living social to go, is for those of us, ON THE GO. Like, usually in a rush.. I don't have 15 minutes to sit around for you. Most places I've gone to, you come in, they scan the QR code, and you're all set! This whole process of waiting for her manager, and then another 3-4 minutes of them trying to figure it out on their computer system was just a little much for me. They then told me my total was $5 after the livingsocial deal. I asked them.. how much was the sandwich? They said 9.99.. so maybe 10 something. So... HOW IS MY THING$5??? I'm pretty sure that if you have 10 dollars worth of food, and the sandwich is $10.. my total comes to 0, or a little more for tax. I had to actually EXPLAIN the deal to them. They're like " well, you paid $5 to living social, so that means you owe another $5 here, right?". AHEM noobs, no. It means you pay $5 to living social, and you get $10 worth of food at the merchant. I actually had to EXPLAIN that to them. 
I apologize for the rant. I must emphasize that they were very NICE and trying to help during this whole thing. I was just taken aback by how ... much they didn't know. Livingsocial/Groupon is pretty modern.. easy to use.. even if your job didn't train you how to do it. IDK.. i thought that the quote " $5 for $10 worth of food" is self explanatory. But no, I had to explain. I just.. don't understand when.. people... are like.. DERRRR. But AGAIN. they were nice, trying to help, just very unknowledgable...
Overall food for it's value I give a 3.7. Service/friendliness 4 stars. The other my whole rant stuff.. solid 3. I feel bad demoting them to a 2.5Really good for breakfast! Love the jalapeo polenta fries. It's a tight space though and sometimes the wait is pretty long.Fresh toast is good and huge. Their coffee mug is like a tank, big enough to swim in. A little bit noisy I didn't really hear my friend very clearly.After hearing all the hype of this place while being gone for so long, I decided to hit up this place. Went for brunch with two friends. Upon arriving, we were told we had to wait about 10-15 minutes. We took the time to venture upstairs and check out the remainder of the building. The old-school decor was simply amazing. The small conference rooms would be perfect for a study group.
Once seated, I browsed through the menu and found that most items were priced rather high for a cafe. I ordered a "Burger of the Week" special consisting of buffalo hot sauce and bleu cheese. I was surprised at the size of my platter! In addition to the burger, there was a small side salad and a mountain of fries (get the sweet potato fries). 
Absolute must go place if you are visiting Philly. Three locations too! Choose one!This place is BUSY but it was worth the wait. Unless you can eat a lot, you can get by with half-orders of pancakes and french toast, especially if you also order an egg or two on the side. The food was excellent and our server made suggestions and was very quick and attentive. Can't wait to go back!On first glance, Sabrina's exterior in the middle of the crowded Italian Market won't attract us, but based on a recommendation a friend (and Yelp), we decided to come in for a brunch. My husband ordered the Huevos Rancheros and I ordered the Turkey Bacon White Egg Frittatas. Both food were delicious! My husband said his portion was good for the price, and although he was full, it didn't leave him as stuffed as green eggs always have. My frittatas was good and yummy. Their potatoes were out of this world! (Beat Chhaya & Green Egg hands down). Their menu is rather sizeable, but didn't leave us confused for 2 hours deciding what we wanted to eat (lol). We sat outside and the atmosphere was beautiful, servers were pretty nice as well :) will definitely come back!Great local cafe in the heart of the Italian Market in Philadelphia. Sabrina's Cafe serves an eclectic menu where breakfast, served all day, is the star. I started out with a hummus platter plated with fresh hummus, roasted red peppers, olives, cucumber, and pita (minus the feta). For lunch I ordered the Vegan Brunch. Three corn tortillas, seitan, roasted vegetable salad with bell peppers, carrots, red onions, zucchini, guacamole, pico de gallo, and a side of fresh fruit. A great place to take your non-vegan friends with lots of options sure to delight all palates.After quick review, I was completely into the idea of trying everything on the menu at Sabrina's. A friend and I ordered two dishes from the Brunch menu: chocolate chip pancakes with shortbread cookie crumbles and raspberry-chocolate chip sauce, and the stuffed French toast (filling of cream cheese, Reese's cups, grape jelly). 
The pancakes not only lacked chocolate chips, but were also extremely dry - something I'd compare to leather. The shortbread crumbles would have been a nice touch if they hadn't been stale. The french toast was equally as dry as it's pancake cousin. The filling tasted purely of cream cheese, and the only element of sweetness was contributed by the grape jelly which did not compliment the dish whatsoever. 
After tasting each dish I covered each with the two sauces which had come with the breakfast. Neither sauce did anything to enhance the dishes. 
I was thoroughly disappointed with my first Sabrina's experience, mainly because I was blown away by the eclectic menu and I expected much more. I wouldn't recommend this restaurant to anyone, however I am giving Sabrina's the benefit of the doubt by assuming my experience was just a total fluke (maybe from the high dining volume that particular morning). I would give Sabrina's one more try, because I don't want to prematurely  accept that such a cool spot could consistently put out less than mediocre food.Great place for Brunch. Groovy atmosphere with Drexel students. Would strongly recommend this place for brunch/breakfast. Make a reservation 30 mins prior to your arrival.I was in Philli for business and I needed somewhere to eat before I spent all day at the convention center. This place was amazing! I went back the next day and they remembered me :) I as so surprised and pleased. On top of that the food was fantastic!I've been meaning to get around this for like 2 months.  I have been subjected to Sabrina's 3 times.  Each time it it was because somebody came from out of town and insisted we go there.  The food is just fine but the servers blow.  I swear that the help wanted ads for this place reads, "Miserable hipster bitches on year-long periods need apply."  Two in particular; one we call the Wookie bc she's 10 feet tall with shitty hair and talks like she has an inner ear infection and the other one who insists on showing everybody the gay tattoos on the back of her legs.  We call her Death-Skank. Just awful service with snarky attitudes from them both.  I know this review will probably get deleted but this place needs to know that some of these chicks are just pure cancer.  Sabrina's will be packed every Sunday morning no matter who is working there but let somebody else have the opportunity to make their rent in one day; somebody who is appreciative and actually has people skills.  Send these two shit-heads packing.Went here for breakfast. The entrance is a little odd. Came here on a Wednesday morning around 9:20. Not too crowded. We got the stuffed challah French toast which was amazing. The stuffing is this delicious maple banana creme cheese. It was fabulous. Perfect portion. We also had the huevor rancheros which is also a large portion. Didn't want to leave without finishing it because it was too good. 
Overall great service, great food, and great proportions. Would definetly recommend it.We were just looking for a place to sit and grab a cup of coffee while at the Italian Market and saw Sabrina's Cafe.  It was quite busy with alot of people already waiting for a table but they had a table for two open in a small room right by the kitchen. We were served a glass of ice water immediately upon being seated. The atmosphere is unique with antiques and art work on the walls with tables tightly positioned in various rooms through out the restaurant.  The menu is quite large with something for everyone. Once we took a look we decided on a breakfast sandwich and blueberry pancakes. The buttermilk blueberry pancakes might have been the best I ever had. The 2 offered as a shortstack were all I needed along with the delicious sausage links to fill me up. My wife had an egg sandwich with turkey bacon that was so large she could only eat half. The homefries that were served with the sandwich were piping hot and very flavorful. The colorful staff were very attentive to our needs and also were quick with coffee refills. We have found another go to spot in Philadelphia and can't wait to go back and try it again!This was my first time here and it was great. I had a large party with me but the wait for a table was just 5-10 minutes. The server was very attentive and accomodating (we had some special diet requests). The food itself was incredibly delicious. They have several vegetarian options to choose from, which awesome because I'm vegan. I had the grilled vegetable sandwich which was awesome except that it comes with mozarella cheese. If you're vegan, make sure you specify no cheese. Overall this was a great place and I will definitely be back the next time I'm in Philly.Best french toast ever.  I got the challah french toast stuffed with banana cream cheese delciousness.  Four huge pieces of challah bread w/ vanilla infused maple syrup.  I had to take half of it home.  I've also tried the sweet potato fries... they're about average.  But, Jesus, that french toast.
The second time I went was for lunch, I got the mango tofu.... It was meh.  Much better at Banana Leaf in chinatown and about the same price. 
The atmosphere is cute-sy.  Good service.  Nice outdoor seating. Try it!My boyfriend and I found this place on Yelp when we came in for a weekend visit.  It had great reviews, so I was not surprised to find that it was super busy for a Sunday brunch.  I thought the overall ambience was very nice, but the food did not live up to all of the hype.  The portions were definitely large, but the taste was not the out-of-this-world experience I'd been hoping for.  I ordered an omelette and was disappointed to discover that the mushrooms were not fresh, but clearly the rubbery canned kind.
I'd probably go again if I was in town, but not sure it's worth the half-hour wait you're guaranteed on a Sunday morning.LOVE this place.. food is awesome, large portions...a good twist on American food. Breakfast has a nice little spin on it.  Love their fries... reasonably priced. Great neighborhood to walk around in. The wait is longer on weekends so expect to wait.I know people rave about the brunch, but dinner is where it's at.  I tend to order the fish dishes because they are so satisfying.
This BYO has a private dinning area for larger parties (make a reservation!) makes special occasions a breeze.Sooooo good, I went 2 days in a row!  The serve breakfast all day...which is what I was looking for.  The first day was the "Stuffed challah french toast".  A huge portion came out.  It was decadent for sure...and delicious! Second day was savory - an eggs benedict special to which I added chicken sausage.  Their hollandaise sauce is terrific.  Large portions and fair prices.  It's super casual and a fairly small place. But it has a counter - so for anyone eating solo it's great.I am still a huge fan of their food, but have to say some of the hostesses can be a real biotch sometimes! 
We decided to get brunch here with a group of 8 the day after New Years. We knew there would be a long wait, but since we were a large group we figured we can call ahead and put our names down. They did allow this, and quoted us for a 45-60 minute wait, so we decided to walk around Philly and kill some time before we got there.
By the time we reached Sabrina's, roughly 20-30 minutes had already passed. I went up to the girl with a clipboard standing outside, gave our name, and told her we called ahead. After checking her sheet, she told us to go in and check in with the other hostess inside. When we did this, the girl was on the phone so I was waiting, when all of a sudden the other girl came in and asked for the name again. I gave it, and then she asked, pretty rudely, "is your whole party present?" I said yes, to which she replied, "meaning they are all present here, like not parking or something?" I said  yes, we are all here, and pointed to everyone. She then looked at her sheet, said nothing and began dealing with other customers.
I found this interaction pretty strange and slightly uncalled for. I understand its busy, and you may be a little stressed, but there's really no need for an attitude. It gets worse, though. I still didn't know if they were aware of us being there, as she didn't acknowledge it, nor did she give me any other estimated wait time. So I try to ask her, but she then snaps "if you want to talk to me, you'll have to come outside" and walks out! I follow her out (wanting so badly to punch her in the face at this point, but resisting), and then she just stands there silently looking at her sheet. So say, "I just wanted to know how long the wait would be for us" and she replies (with the most insincere smile I've ever seen) "I'll be right with you, please just wait one moment". A moment goes by and the she turns to me and says, "now what did you want?" I tell her I just wanted an estimated wait time, and she then says, "well all I can tell you is that you were quoted 45-60 minutes when you called, but we're running 10-15 minutes behind as well"!
At this point, I had to resist all temptation to start cursing her off, and simply walk off. Since we were a large group, I decided it would be best to just wait it out and not push it with this serious bitch who must have been PMSing or something, but if it were just a few of us I would have flipped out and said lets go somewhere else. My fiance actually went and asked again for an estimated wait time, but the hostess must not be able to do math because she gave my fiance the same exact response. We were eventually seated after another 30 minutes or so, right within our quoted time, which is fine. But seriously, Sabrina's should think about hiring people who don't have a stick up their asses!Amazing brunch! I've been here 3 times already before I posted my review just to make sure it deserves this 5 star. I have always been satisfied with Sabrina's service and food. Always have great portionsThis place is definitely THE spot for breakfast!! I had an egg white fritatta in olive oil, fresh spinach, tomatoes, and provolone....delicious !!!!!Sabrinas is one of the best brunch spots in the city.
- David RounickCute place with outdoor seating made charming by all of the plants out on the sidewalk (seriously, it's like a little barricade of greenery when crossing the street).  
I ordered off their gourmet tea menu and picked the breakfast burrito - not the famous Barking Chihuahua one, but one that was delicious with apples, broccoli, and caramelized onions.  I highly, highly recommend it!  The included home fries also had a good seasoning and a great crispy-outside-soft-inside consistency.  My friend got the make-it-yourself omelet and declared it one of the best brunches he's had in Philadelphia - and not just because he got to have breakfast with me.The food is delicious!! My favorite dish from Sabrina's is the huevo rancheros...the chili beans, eggs, corn tortilla and guacamole combination is sooo good! The French toast is also delicious however for one person I would recommend getting half order. Quality of food & Portion size rates 5/5, Staff service rates 4/5, Wait time and convenience rates 3/5 simply because this place is soo good everyone goes there, expect to wait 20-30min easy.  Overall great any day of the week Breakfast/Brunch food!My girlfriend and I were looking for a new place for breakfast and we decided to try Sabrinas. Thankfully we went on an off-day and were able to sit outside without any wait. I read the reviews before coming (like any good adventurer should) and came very excited to try the Huevos Rancheros, as it was the dish I saw most in the reviews and, being from California where Huevos Rancheros is plentiful, I figured I would give it a shot. It did not disappoint. The food came in a manner of minutes. I was expecting just a couple of fried tortillas with over easy eggs and some ranchero sauce, but the chorizo sauce and the cilantro lime sauce were excellent additions to this traditional favorite. The portions were huge, much larger than I expected. I will say that I now have a new favorite place for Huevos Rancheros and will happily come again!Went here w the bf after reading such great reviews about it. We ordered the stuffed French toast with bananas (which seemed to be very popular bc it was on almost every table) and the vegetarian huevos rancheros. Both dishes were very good. Served hot. The waiter was good. Friendly enough and not overly attentive. Glad we checked it out.The fluffiest french toast I've ever had! La Colombe Coffee is good. Service is fantastic. Wait times for seating on the weekend can get a little long but it was worth the wait.I tried to go for Sunday brunch, but the wait was almost an hour, so I went this morning. (weekday)It was an amazing breakfast, I got the Mexi and my friend got the challah French toast. Mine was delicious, I love breakfast burritos and this one was to die for, the eggs were fluffy and the potatoes on the side were crunchy and seasoned well. The French toast was super sweet and unique. The service was friendly and the ambience was cozy! Go!I was in vacation with my family and other family members from abroad and wanted to find a special place where locals go and God, I did find it! First, the place is very hipster looking and very cute. The menu is so amazing that it's almost impossible to decide what to get it --- I wanted all. The flavors bring you back to memories of your Grandmas special branches. The detail and care they put on the plates are priceless. I highly recommend Sabrinas cafe but be aware that the wait to get a table can be a torture if you have small kids with you. But what a great breakfast/ brunch!Delicious brunches, huge portions, price is right, great service! Lots of veggie options is a plus, too. The smallness of the interior makes for a cozy dining experience.
Thoughts:
I went for dinner once and wasn't as impressed as I am with the brunch, but I just ordered a veggie burger when I have heard really good things about their specials, which was my mistake.  
Trying to go for weekend brunch you should call ahead, but even when you do there might still be more of a wait then you plan for. I called ahead and showed up 30 minutes later when they said a table would be opening up only to wait another 45 minutes. 
Overall, love this place.I love this place. Its our favourite  breakfast spot in Philly.The concierge at our hotel recommended Sabrina's and made a reservation for us. When we got to the restaurant, there was a line...glad we had a reservation. The food portions are healthy and do not disappoint. My favourite dishes are the Huevo Rancheros and french toast dishes. Service is very good and the wait is very personable. The only down side is the BYOB policy.Great food, nice atmosphere and the people were very friendly.  The wait is long but they take your cell number so you can walk around the market and go back when they call.One of the best brunch places in the city.  We go as a staff from work a few times a year, and have never been disappointed.
Their standard menu includes well priced and good brunch dishes, such as the breakfast burrito and the bacon and spinach frittata.  Spend a few extra bucks for the huevos rancheros, it's one of the dishes that brings us back.  The coffee alone is worth the trip.  One of our co-workers came just for that.
They always have a list of specials going, also unique brunch dishes, typically with a theme.  We went a few days ago, and everything was named after Whitney Houston songs.
We've never gone on a weekend, and I've heard if you do, expect at least a 30-60 minute wait.  The place is a little small, but located in the Italian Market, so good places to hang around if you do have to wait.  We always go on weekdays around 930-10ish, and the place is typically full to near full.  If that doesn't say how good the place is, I don't know what does.
If you haven't been, check it out, guaranteed you won't be disappointed.I was in Philly for a work conference and decided to check this cute breakfast place out. 
We chose a table outside and sat down to enjoy the beautiful weather. Our server was very friendly and helpful. I went with the regular french toast and some bananas on the side. The french toast was very soft and fluffy. I also requested some jam, which was homemade -  it was excellent. I also got a pineapple juice, and it tasted pretty fresh. Overall great breakfast place!The food is good, portions are great but the service and cleanliness of the restaurant are below average . It feels cramped and claustrophobic.Delicious veg-friendly brunch! We called ahead to put our names down so only had to wait 10 min when we arrived. My partner and I split french toast and the Ultimate Mexi Scramble, both of which were delicious, the scramble especially. The place definitely has a homey feel to it, and it feels cobbled together, as it essentially is-- a mix of the first floors of 2+ buildings. Nice neighborhood place, though not sure it would be worth a 90 min wait!A little awkward when you first walk in this place. There isn't really a hostess podium so it's pretty much a game of find someone who works here so you can get a seat. place is super cute though & it seems to always be filled with all sorts of people. I ordered the Chicken Cutlet Sandwich with spinach & provolone. My dad makes delicious homemade cutlets and these came pretty damn close. The Parmesan garlic fries were ok, not as good as I was expecting but none the less a better alternative to the norm.
I'm regretting not getting the famous banana french toast but I plan on it on my next return.Oh man! I just realized i've used Yelp countless times for finding gold mine restaurants and joints for delicious food without ever posting about any!!! Figured i'd do my part and share some thoughts on this place since it is amazing!
The food here is insane. I dont think they take reservations, but you CAN call ahead i believe (?) to start the process of waiting in that line that will surely be there! It moves sooo fast though. Co-worker suggested i try the Stuffed French Toast, and i can't express enough how thankful i am! This was hands down the best French Toast i've ever had. It's a HUGE portion as well. I took the other half home with me for lunch since we stopped by for Breakfast. G/F had the barking Chihuahua or something... this was months ago so i don't know if i remember correctly, but it was basically a breakfast buritto on steroids. It was delicious and, just like mine, VERY big. 
Cannot recommend this place enough to people. I just got parents a gift card here for their X-mas present. I will be making sure they use it...or i just might have to take it back!What can I say that hasn't already been said?  The brunch here is amazing and we're looking forward to going back.  I had a great short rib sandwich and my wife loved her pumpkin pancakes.  Huge servings of great food and a nice, laid-back ambience.Great breakfast/brunch place near the Italian market. They have some outstanding choices both for sweet and savory dishes. The menu is pretty large and I had a really hard time deciding what to get. The challah french toast looks amazing and the egg dishes are really good. Some innovative choices included tilapia burritos and vegetarian cheese steaks. Their fries are awesome including polenta fries and sweet potato fries dusted with cinnamon. The wait staff was really helpful and friendly but there can be a wait for tables on the weekend.Have yet to have a bad experience at Sabrina's. It is by far my favorite weekend brunch spot in the area. Today I went with the vegan rancheros and my boyfriend got the Jim likes it spicy eggs Benedict (in the photo) and we both literally kicked our plates clean... That might have been the massive champagne talking though (byob)As soon as I told my friends I was visiting Philadelphia the first thing they told me I HAD to do was get brunch at Sabrina's. After being told this by multiple people, I knew it would be great. 
This location is inside of an old house, and is filled with lots of charm. They have a lot of people serving, bussing tables, and seating guests so even when it's packed you're taken care of. I would suggest coming with groups smaller than 6-8 if you'd like to get sat easily. 
The menu allows you to order breakfast or lunch, which was awesome at the time we went. I had the eggs benedict on their holiday menu and it was UNREAL. Everything was cooked perfectly, packed with so much flavor, and definitely made to order. Our waitress was awesome, attentive, and polite and we were in and out in about an hour.Went here the other day for brunch and was very pleased! After reading other yelp reviews we ended up calling ahead and had a thirty minute wait which went very quickly. For breakfast I had the stuffed challah bread French toast which was amazing. The cream cheese and banana filling wasn't overwhelming which was nice. This place is also very trendy and can just be enjoyed for the aesthetic. Definitely will be trying to make another trip back here because it was so worth it the first time!Love the location. Service was good. There was no wait for seating. Now for the food. I ordered the egg white frittata with beets and feta? cheese. The flavors of each item did not go well together. There were a LOT of beets which overpowered the cheese a lot. I like beets, but it didn't work well with this particular dish. My sister's eggs benedict hollandaise sauce was much sweeter than ones I'm used to. Love the decor and definitely look forward to trying something else on their menu because foods that went by were huge and looked delish!! Will definitely return, but don't think I'd be waiting in line to get in.Yes, we all know Sabrina's is the bomb diggity.  If you don't, then the long lines on Sundays should prove to you that everyone in the damn city knows this and you are the last to realize.  Stuffed French Toast, yes!  Perfect home fries, yes!  Cute little place (and I do mean little).
Today is Valentine's Day and a Monday, so I thought Sabrina's was a safe bet for brunch hoping everyone and their lover would be at work and waiting for the sun to go down before having their amorous meal.  I was wrong and me and the beau walked in to a crowded cafe.  I knew we were in store for a tasty meal, so I didn't care.  Luckily we didn't have to wait...
We were seated at our table, and just as our food arrived, a woman walked by and with her bag, knocked a full glass of tomato juice all over my boyfriend and the floor.  Unfortunately he was wearing a white sweater, which doesn't go well with tomato juice.  The woman did offer to buy him a new juice, but the damage was done and while it was an accident, her reaction, or lack of reaction was almost insulting.  Some people are just jerks.  
What was amazing was the staff of Sabrina's jumped to action and even though it wasn't any fault of their own, they made sure things were rectified.  They cleaned up the mess and tried all they could to help my boyfriend enjoy his meal.   I greatly appreciated their attentiveness. 
Not sure I can convince him to go back for a little while, but I have been sold from the start.  
By the way, I got the Magic Potion #9 mexi something meal and it was sooooo good. It was on their special menu, so not sure how long it is around for, but I would definitely check it out...Just don't wear white and order tomato juice...Awesome!  Very good eats.  You can tell it is homemade stuff, and not processed crap.  Very comfortable tables, eclectic feel. It was about six weeks ago so I can not remember much about the food I ate.  Club sandwich was huge and fries were good.  I guess I DO remember.  I remember enough to want to fly back to Philly and eat there again RIGHT NOW!!!I am a New Yorker and the food and activities in Philly had me diappointed and then we had brunch at this place. The food was spectacular. We went back the next day! The mayan breakfast, french toast, dr pepper short ribs were all out of this world. Now I complain that we don't have a sabrina's in NY. The chef clearly knows what to do and how to wow your tastebuds. Beautiful chalk murals and a great atmosphere. If you go for brunch expec to wait for 30 to 90 minutes. But don't walk away. This will be the best food experience you will have in Philly. If you want to avoid the line go early in the morning. The second day we went at 8 and were seated right away.Oh, Sabrina's. What happened? The first time I went here several years ago, I fell in love with this place. The atmosphere was great, albeit on the verge of being overly hipsterish, the food was amazing (I had never had an omelet stuffed with sauteed apples and melted cheddar before), and the service was top notch. I would go back now and then, often trying a delicious salad off their specials menu. I still remember this one amazing salad I had one spring day with strawberries, all sorts of fresh greens, and a homemade raspberry vinaigrette.
But these days, something has changed. I don't know if they have new cooks, but the food just isn't as good. The apple cheddar omelet I once loved is now made with some rubbery yellow substance that used to be eggs. The apples, which once were sauteed to the point of tasting like those found in an apple pie, are now just a bit softer than raw. The onions on the homefries that used to be dark and caramelized are now barely glossy, as though they were an afterthought.
When I was there this past weekend, the service was still quick, and the portions were still large and reasonably priced, but the atmosphere was undesirable. A group of waiters and waitresses stood around chatting right near our table, discussing their previous night's activities and the like. One waiter well within earshot described a place he had gone to that was so gross, he'd have rather licked a toilet seat. This is not what I want to overhear when I'm eating food that is already far below what I expect from a restaurant I've been to several times before.
I'm not saying I won't go to Sabrina's again--in fact, I'm sure I'll end up there again at some point. But they are no longer my go-to restaurant of choice when a friend from out of town visits and asks, "Where's a great place to eat?" Because, frankly, I no longer consider Sabrina's to be great. They're just okay.Came here yesterday for a friend's birthday. We went around 4 so some of the items on the menu couldn't be ordered.
They had a new specials menu with funny and long names of some of the events that happened in 2011.
The portions are STILL HUGE and still pretty good.
We had:
The Tohoku Tsunami Fish Taco, 
Only My Spirit was Raptured May 21st Egg White Special,
Barking Chihuahua
All was pretty good and none of us finished our food so we took it home. =)
Very satisfied lunch/dinner.Sabrina's was the perfect place to host a celebratory post final exam lunch for a small group (15 people). I was beyond impressed with every aspect of the event. I contacted Sabrina's about one week before the event to inquire about the details and I was met with excellent customer service, prompt replies and attention to detail. The catering manager guided me through the process of selecting a menu and helped me work out all of the specifics. 
On the day of the event, we arrived at Sabrina's to a beautifully set table with decorative menus. Once Sabrina's realized we had champagne, they immediately put it on ice and assisted us in popping our bottles. We then put in orders and everyone loved their food. I personally enjoyed the two eggs with their signature homies! If you have never had Sabrina's homies, you are missing out- they're awesome. Sabrina's waitstaff was very attentive and brought around coffee, ketchup, jelly, etc. for those interested. 
When it came time to pay, I had initially been worried about coordinating 15 different people paying but Sabrina's was able to run multiple cars and the process was a breeze. I would highly recommend Sabrina's as a place to host a small event. This location is lovely, the food is great and the staff is extremely attentive.I'm not yet as blown away as everyone else, but then again, I didn't try the french toast. The description of the pancakes I ordered did indeed warn me of their saccharin sweet nature, but I buckled under the tremendous pressure of my rumbling tummy. I ended up scraping off most of the peach-syrup to reveal the much more subtle dessert essence of the chocolate chip pancakes. I've never been a fan of mixing fruit in pancakes or in my desserts, so I guess its just not my bag. My hubby ordered a basic eggs-over-hard dish. Can't screw that up, but I tasted his "homefries" and they did not meet my approval of what homefries should be: somewhat greasy, lightly salted, and a bit crispy in places. These were basically roasted potates sauteed with onion. Meh.Pretty Damn Good! Expect a wait if you're attempting brunch on the weekend, but even so, the Italian Market is close by! Wait service is fair, and the food is very good! Atmosphere is busy, yet comfortable. A small space packs a lot of patrons in at once, yet manages to do it well. A little pricey, but you will leave full and satisfied!Oh... Wow... Brunch at 9:30 on a warm Saturday morning makes me feel like a zombie in a locked mall. Sooo many choices. Incidentally, their "End of the World" menu features an Underwater Zombie Omelet and several other apocalyptic themed meals. These looked outstanding, but I opted for the traditional menu's tofu scramble.  My best friend chose the "Lords of the Underworld" pancakes and the traditional apple pear omelet (much sharing was happening).
The tofu scramble was out of this world.  I am typically a salt fiend.  I add it to just about everything, but the scramble was perfectly balanced.  It didn't need anything, save for the chef to make it for me every day at my place.  
The Apple-Pear was delicious.  This was a situation where the bites had to be fit correctly and a small amount of salt added to balance the sweetness of the apple.  Still, a triumph.
The pancake... I'm getting goosebumps just thinking about it.  It was advertised as "buttermilk pancakes topped with mascarpone-cherry pound cake crumbles with dried cherries and crushed hazelnuts, nutella-orange butter and berry-vanilla syrup." 
I need to break this down bit by bit because the sum of its parts was greater than the total.
The pancake batter is seasoned.  I'm not sure with what, but it is delicious alone.  The cherries were a little much for me but my friend was in her glory.  The berry-vanilla syrup tastes like home-made whipped cream with an undertone of berry.  It was, in short, phenomenal.
I also ordered a cappuccino. I ordered my usual double cap, skim milk... This is one of the only place that the coffee was too overpowering.  It was closer to a traditional macchiato.  Not that it was bad, in fact, it was surprising that they put that much effort into the coffee.  I then ordered a regular cappuccino (skim again).  This time, it was perfect.  Not like a coffeehouse, but a great coffee.
The service: Does it get better?  Out server was awesome.  She paid attention to detail and knew the menu items and made great suggestions.  
My only regret with this place is that I don't give five star reviews until I have gone to a place at least five times.  I will be back when I am in Philly, and this may soon make my five-star list.This is a very cute little place, very nice place to chill in the morning. I got the strawberry stuffed french toast, and it was delicious, with strawberries and blueberries on top (but it was HUGE, get ready to share). I forgot what my friend got, I'm going to try to get a omelet next time and some other sweets too.
They have a hand written blackboard with dinner menus, it seems interesting, want to go try it out some time. I think they also have some dessert menu.Not like this place needs another review, but...
I do love this place. I have had breakfast here three times and I've never been disappointed. The specials are incredible: the portions are huge, they always have cute names, and they're always delicious. Since it's all made fresh, you can customize it to your liking (vegetarian approved!).
The reason I'm rating this four stars is due to the staff. While they all look adorable in their hipster clothing, some of them have quite the attitude. Granted, I understand working as a waitress has a lot of downsides that may make someone irritable, but no one is holding a gun to your head telling you to do this job. You do want a nice tip, right?I've long-loved Sabrina's Too, but just had my first experience at the original. Just as good. 
Soba noodles with crispy tofu? Yum!!This place was just ok. Part of the issue was I went to Isgro first and had a pastry, so brunch had to be really good to justify my eating the crapton of food they serve you here, and it just wasn't.
Me and my girl were in the 'hood and used their queuing system, NoWait, but it crashed or something so we came over and put our name on a list and got seated in 5ish minutes.
I got the ultimate mexi scramble, which was fine but under-salted (there was table salt, fortunately) and came with a measly two slices of avocado. It also came with black bean grits, which are just grits that taste like black beans, which is fine I guess? But they were also under-salted. Even salted, they weren't great. The grits and chips also apparently were an alternative to the home fries, which I was kinda steamed about, because I tried my girlfriend's home fries and they were freakin' good.We were visiting from CA and found this awesome breakfast place on yelp. The food is excellent but what made our experience even better was our server Mimi!! She was amazing. So kind, friendly and was just a pleasure to get to know. She has the best recommendations on the menu and really understands what good customer service is all about!!!  We highly recommend this place and make sure you ask for Mimi to be your server.Food was quite delicious. Depending on location the wait maybe a little long but it is worth it. Big portions, friendly staff. Also depending on location the seating can be a little cramped.I cannot believe I didn't write about this place before, but I went in a group and we all got way more than we could ever finish! Felt a bit cramped, though, and pricey... before you realize how much bang you get for your buck.
So this weekend we ate here before the market fully opened, and I got the Lox and Bagel plate. I love that their menu had changed with more silly names, and different options. My lox plate was pretty awesome, actually, and th elox fell apart in a way that made it more stomachable that i had a huge plate of it. The bagel was of course a great idea. Overall, I was thrilled with the 9.50 or so.
Water here is tap or something, though- I've always thought it tastes funny. I also realized that the indoors of this place is actually huge, too, when visiting the restroom. Surprise!What I remember most vividly about Sabrina's, was the Camping's Tripin' Cakes, which my table shared as a brunch "appetizer."  They were rich and phenomenal, and totally worth sharing.  I also recall being so full that I "named" my food baby.I was visiting Philly and I came across this place and they didn't disappoint. Five stars alone for being BYOB! We rolled in with three bottles of champagne. The food was delicious! I mean this portions were defiantly worth your buck! You will leave in a good coma!Sabrina's is amazing. End of story. One of our favorite breakfast places in Philly. I can't even count the number of times that we've been here.
Portions are very generous. The food is absolutely amazing. The stuffed french toast is always to die for. If you're going with a date, split the stuffed french toast with another plate. You won't regret it.
This place is BYOB, so also a great place to go with a group of people when you're celebrating and bring champagne for mimosa's :) 
It gets crazy crowded on weekend mornings.Went there and had a huge breakfast. Amazing food. Quaint and small environment. Make sure you do the wait ahead on Yelp. Service was excellent. Get the stuffed challah. Yummy!!!I hadn't been to Sabrina's in a couple years. I remembered it as this cute little cafe with lovely interior and delicious brunch food. Which it still has... However, is it worth an over an hour wait? Not sure.
When we put our names on the list, they said 20-40 minutes wait. Ok. Doable. Plus they have a nice waiting room with coffee (which, seriously, should be complimentary, but no). 40 minutes later, I ask how far we were down the list, and they answered another 10-15 minutes... 15-minutes later, I asked again and still there was another 10-15 minutes wait. In the end, we waited for a good hour and 10 minutes; which I wouldn't mind, had I known from the beginning.
The food was good. Not amazing. Not delicious. Just good. The pancakes were on the dry side and all three other dishes spicier than expected. Portions are huge, but really I'd rather have a smaller portion of really delicious food.
Not sure I'll go back anytime soon. There are other brunch places in this town that are higher on my list.You are always welcomed by friendly staff. Soo crowded on the weekends! There's usually a very long line outside of people waiting to be seated. My personal favorite, their  Sabrina's signature Stuffed Challah french toast. My hubby loves the black Angus burger. 
Such good food for reasonable prices, plus their menu offers a wide variety of healthy options to choose from. Highly recommended.LOVE getting breakfast here. There was a bit of a wait, but it was worth it! They have coffee and water in the waiting area which was really nice! I had an amazing eggs benedict with a sabrina's spin. Poached eggs, homemade tomato hollandaise sauce, avacados and turkey bacon over english muffins and breakfast potatoes on the side. One of the best breakfast platters i have ever had. My boyfriend got lunch, he had a burger and fries that he really enjoyed. Will definitely try this place again!My breakfast here was extremely good. I went with four other people and had no trouble finding a seat. We were early though, probably arrived around 9:45, I got the eggs Benedict and my husband and I shared the stuffed French toast. They were both delicious, but if I had to choose one to go back and get again it would be the eggs Benedict. The breakfast was a bit pricey but normal for city prices.meh...I went to brunch with my girlfriend, Lana, on Sunday. Neither of us had been to the S. Philly Sabrina's, so we headed down there, ready for a wait. This cafe has a surprisingly long wait on Saturday and Sunday, be we arrived around 10:10, and were seated by 10:40. If you arrived between 10:30 and 11:30, however, you're likely to stand around an hour before you're ordering.
Looking at the menu, I was kind of baffled that there was this kind of wait. I go out to brunch often, and I couldn't understand why so many people keep showing up here. Because it was so busy, the service wasn't the best, but it was more than acceptable.
Lana custom made an omelet, and I ordered the barking chihuahua burrito. The coffee kept flowing while we waited for our food, and once it was delivered I knew why this spot was so popular. The food looked great, and between the two of us we had enough to feed a small family. Most of the dishes come with Sabrina's homefries, which are not to be missed. The food, overall, was excellent, and was definitely worth the wait. The menu at Sabrina's allows you to stick with what you know and love, or go all out and get something that is truly a one of a kind creation.
At Sabrina's, you'll leave full, happy, and probably with some left overs for later.When I'm standing outside on a weekend afternoon, waiting for a table, I usually want to shoot myself. Last experience, a girl was complaining to her boyfriend, "I hate Philadelphia. Everyone is fat, ugly and smells." 
Hmm... I kept repeating, "it's only a tofu scramble, you can walk away." 
...
I wish they automatically brought jelly out with the toast; the waitresses give me the look of death whenever I ask.Their brunch specials are some of the best around and cannot be missed. Their regular menu is also quite delicious. I haven't had any of their dinners because I've never felt the need to deviate from how amazing their brunches and lunches are. I'm always willing to try something that I've never tried before at this place!This place serves perfection for brunch!
After an hour wait which we used for wondering around the Italian market, it was finally our turn to be seated. We shared the french toast with mascrapone, and the eggs on polenta and vegetables. The portions are huge-- enough for two, but the food was so good that we finished it. The pricing is very reasonable too. I would strongly recommend this place, and would advise you to come on the early side to sign up, and then walk around the Italian market until your table is ready. Don't forget to order the french toast with mascrapone...Positive: Delicious, unique breakfast and brunch items for all taste buds to enjoy.
Negative: Lots of meat filled dishes on the menu so be careful and ask for help.  Also, long wait times so call ahead!
Overall: The food tastes good and the environment is perfect for a weekend brunch with friends and family.- TIP:  Don't judge them based on the menu they post online.  The great stuff lives on their Specials menu.
- CON:  The line.  But it's worth it.
- BOTTOM LINE:  For 3 years, I've lived 2 blocks from Sabrina's and never went because of the infamous long wait.  After going recently, I realize that the past 3 years have been a missed opportunity to enjoy this top-notch brunch.Definitely one of the better brunch places. There is a bit of a wait because of this fact so get there early or prepare to do some waiting or walking around until you get a table. Pretty much every plate that goes by looks amazing. We both settled on the heuvos ranchero, which is my go-to, and it's the best I've had. I was stuffed and I'm usually more of the type to eat half and box the rest. The portions are huge, so, eating half is actually quite a lot here. When you consider how much food you get the prices are really reasonable. I think mine was only $10.99, which isn't cheap (fairly standard for breakfast), but when you consider the amount of food, it's kind of a steal. They also had an MTV menu of options. I'm not sure if this is regular on the menu or a special, but I thought it added an interesting twist than the norm. breakfast/lunch options.
The coffee was good, the place is cute, and the staff was nice. And even though the place was packed with people and you don't have a lot of privacy because the tables are so close together, you can still manage to hear your tablemate well and not have everyone else's conversations bleed into yours, so, good acoustics in the place. I would definitely go back to this place again and again. I was taken to Morning Glory on my last trip to Philly and the tofu scramble was the blandest I'd ever had. I would maybe give that place another try but I was definitely not impressed, and it's more of a hole-in-the-wall and not as cute as Sabrina's.Awesome brunch place, walking distance from downtown/city hall area.  In honor of St. Patty's day I ended up getting the Leprechaun Mexi-special.  A green tortilla breakfast burrito with eggs, chicken, chorizo, jack cheese, salsa, tomatillo, and sour cream.  Even on a weekday at 1pm it was still packed, so I can only imagine what it's like on the weekends!"Hummus Mediterranean wrap added chicken with the best sweet potatoe fries I've ever had!
Also great because of the outdoor seating and Colombe coffee!" -Jess 
"Juevos rancheros - fusion of flavored with veggie sausage and cilantro sauce sends your taste buds on a journey." -Jason
"Benedict can come with lox or tomato and avacodo. The eggs was poached perfectly and still running." Jeanette 
"Build your own omelette was dank!" -linds 
Waitress was amazing. Ask for Haley!Everyone says this place is good for Breakfast/Brunch, but why do people overlook the Lunch + dinner options!?  I have wonderful salads, and burgers and I dont even know how to describe the bread pudding that they serve! Okay fine, I'll give it a whirl, warm, gooey, sticky, sweet but not so sweet that it hurts your teeth, cinnamon, raisin-less (thankyousomuch), and topped with some ice cream!!!!!!!! I ate the whole serving by my self.  I'm getting married in three months and i did not care to share a single bite.   
4 stars not 5 because every time i go, i notice all the other tables get a breadbasket of some sort to snack on almost immediately after sitting down, but every time i'm there, nada.Went here for the first time today. The wait wasn't long and the place was a little bigger than it looks on the outside. I had the egg sandwich with the homies. The egg sandwich was incredible. It was cooked perfectly and the cheese was gooey. Had it with sundries tomatoes and spinach. It tasted really fresh and was very filling. Didn't really like the home fries. A little bland. But would go back again and replace it with fruit instead.People who wait here on the weekends: just because you have to wait on the sidewalk does not mean that it is not still, first and foremost, a sidewalk.  So in all seriousness you should move out of the way when people are actually trying to use it as such.  Especially do not try to carry laundry through here on your way to the laundromat.  Cross the street and recross later.  It's worth sparing yourself the crooked looks.
The food is good.  Service is OK.  I like it for a day one calls out sick at work or a weekend you pass by and go "why is there no wait at Sabrina's?".
It would get four stars if not for the immovable sidewalk people.I will sum it all up. The food is DELICIOUS, the portions are HUGE, and you are going to wait FOREVER for a table. done.I came here with my family along with half the city after the Broad St run. We got a 90 minute wait, but the sweet hostesses offered directions to a nearby park so my nieces and nephews could play while we waited. Although the place was insanely busy, our server Alex (I think), made sure we got everything we needed to refuel after our vigourous workout. The food was delicious-- I recommend the stuffed french toast as an appetizer for the table and any of the scrumptious specials an an entree. There sandwiches are also very, very good. I LOVED the meatloaf parm, topped with a side of sweet potato fries. My wife got an egg white turkey bacon omelette (so healthy, godbless her:) and she was also thrilled with her choice.
The only thing I would change is the horrible music that was blasting through the entire meal. Um, 1982 called... it wants its Journey's Frontiers album back.my friend and I came in for a late brunch... 5.30pm, and I knew I wanted french toast. I got a 1/2 order and an omelet with home fries and toast...the food was served in huge portions.. and I love to eat but this was waaaayyy too much food. The french toast came out extremely cold and even when they warmed it up for us it was still lukewarm...weird, but it was still pretty tasty. I would go back but I would definitely share with someone..