Always enjoy the buffet here!!  At $7.99, you can't go wrong for lunch. Tandoori chicken with mint chutney...The buffet is quick, fast, and cost effective.  Great place for people who are looking to try Indian food.  Food is tasty but really lacking on the spice.The worst Indian buffet I had in US, the taste of the dishes were horrible, the service was poor, no one was bothered to refill the dishes or serve bread, and the food was pathetic, the mango pudding was sour s it was stale, a food inspector should visit the place, the amount charged of $14 but the buffet was not even worth $4..matar paneer had no paneer and nawab kofta had disgusting kofta which had no taste at all..the food was all stale. and seating was crampy that if a guest is standing you can't pass from there and music was too loud and service was below standard.This restaurant has a really convenient location in the city center as well as round the corner to a few cheap parking structures. 
However if this is the best part of a food establishment... That's definitely an issue. 
The ambience is casual with formal flares like cloth napkins and intimate seating. However if this place were crowded it would be horrible for a first date. 
Avoid the buffet. It is cold. Not a lot of variety, and even more limited for vegetarians. 
The food to order is served hot and is delicious but the buffet was advertised so much that we opted for it and were severely let down. 
The prices are pretty decent for cheap Indian though. If you just want something cheap, this is a good fill up. But with so many places within walking distance I wouldn't recommend it.Came here a few year back in my pre-Yelp days for their lunch buffet and remember it being really good. 
I came here for lunch today because they have take-out buffet for $4.50/lb and was craving my mama's cooking (I won't belittle my mom and compare her cooking to this place though). 
There were only a handful of curries and the vegetarian ones were the boring channa masala (garbano beans), saag (spinach), and this other one. I wanted some paneer yo!! 
The saag needed more salt, but was fine. Rice needed salt too and maybe some jeera (idk name in English.. cumin?) The other one I had was like a vegetable medly with a creamy base which was so bad. No flavor and the vegetables seem frozen. Food wasn't nice and hot either. Naan $1 extra. 
The food was pretty meh, but I'm keeping it at 3 instead of 2 because of the price/convenience. I was in and out in a few minutes and got a whole takeout box of food for like $6.50 and stuffed.I was craving some indian curry today and decided to check out Saffron for some quick take out lunch. Although the selection was lacking I was optimistic as I picked up some goat briyani, some chicken curry and tandoori chicken. Needless to say I will be sticking to my usual Mumbai Bistro on 10th and Locust. Not only was my lunch bland and disappointing, service was slow even though there were only two tables occupied. The only saving grace was that my lunch was under $5.I don't have a ton of experience with Indian food to compare Saffron to, but from what I've tasted it's delicious.  I've been several times and always opted for waitress service as opposed to the buffet.  The staff is friendly though at times seem flustered and overwhelmed, however the food has always come out in a timely manner.  My favorite dish is the Kadal Chicken.We tried the dinner buffer for $10 on a Thursday night - it was pretty decent. A bit low on the masala/ spice - but the Tandoori Chicken was great! I also liked the Kheer and the Gulab Jamun...the veggies were a little bland and needed some salt at the minimum. Overall - a meh experience - I would come here again for the Tandoori Chicken though - and also the Masala chai!Hubby and I were out looking for some grub on a recent night and came upon this place. We checked out the buffet and the items looked appetizing, so we decided to sit down (the sign  in the front instructed us to sit ourselves). The place was mostly empty except for two other people. So we found a table for four and tried to sit down, only to be rudely prevented by the(assumed)  proprietor who told us we could not sit there, since we weren't a party of four. I would have been fine with that if the restaurant had been even half occupied. However, there was only one other party of two in the whole restaurant, SITTING AT A TABLE FOR FOUR, so I was barely persuaded. Nonetheless we sat down to enjoy our food. To top that off, another lone customer walked in and sat by himself at a table of four, and the same manager/proprietor had no problem with that. Maybe because we weren't ethnically Indian/Pakistani and they were?
Food was okay- the only semi-decent part of the experience. Tandoori chicken wasn't too dry but well-seasoned and fairly tender, there were various chutnies and a salad with huge chunks of cucumbers, tomatoes, and onions, daal, and two different types of rice. 
We liked the food and would have definitely gone back in the future, since there are very few reasonably-priced, good Indian places in Center City. 
Too bad the proprietor didn't have the capacity to make that happen.The food is delicious, the portion sizes are large, and the waitstaff is lovely. The place is large, so we've never had to wait to be seated. Good gluten free menu too!This is great food. This is my new lunch spot. Low price. Delicious and healthy food. Very nice staff. Convenient location. Beautiful interior design. I recommend it.This restaurant used to be called San Samosa. It is still listed as San Samosa on Foodler. I had ordered from San Samosa nearly a dozen times over the years and always had a pleasant experience with excellent food. No more. I placed an order through Foodler last week and received a bad meal, food non delivered, and horrible service on the phone when I called in to ask about a missing item (a mango lassi). When I called to inquire about the missing lassi I was told that they would not send me the missing item ($4.50) because it wasn't worth it to do so. I was then told to tell them about it the next time I ordered. I stated that this was unacceptable and asked to speak to a manager. The man on the end of the phone told me that she was unavailable. I told him that this was unacceptable. He told me to "have a good day" with a snarky demeanor and hung up. I will not be ordering from here again. Thankfully Foodler cares about their customers and refunded me the amount even though I paid cash to the delivery guy.My best friend and I came here for dinner around 5pm on a Saturday. We decided upon the buffet, which had an all right selection but all the food was cold. Our naan took a while to come out, but at least it was hot and fresh. 
Our waitress was friendly, but she was talking on her phone for the majority of the time. Our plates weren't cleared between sets.
Do yourself a favor and go to any other Indian place in this five mile radius of Philly.Homemade hot naan as soon as you sit down , simple buffet with just the right choices. Not heavy at all like most Indian food places. amazing value in the buffet! Make sure to try the rice pudding (kheer)I used to come here and order the chicken tikka masala and garlic naan, but last time tried the buffet and it was a much better deal.  The buffet is somewhere in the $10 range for dinner and the offerings are not always the same each time you go.  The food was very tasty and wit the buffet I had the opportunity to try different dishes, most of which I liked.  I almost didn't see the dessert buffet and thank goodness I saw some one else getting dessert which peaked my interest.  Needless to say, I went back for seconds (ok, maybe thirds!) to get more of their amazing rice pudding.  They also had mango pudding which seemed weird to me at first, but was bright, fresh and flavorful.  This is a good, quick Indian spot right in the middle of all the hustle and bustle of downtown.Today I went here for the second time for lunch. It was probably the worst experience I have had at a restaurant. The restaurant was empty with only one server for it being a late lunch time. The food was bland (the white, the biryani and the chicken tikka masala which was sweet). The water was not cold or have any ice for a warm summer day. My friend and I were waiting for naan and it was over 15 minutes late so we just decided to pay and leave. 
Earlier this week when I went along with my co-workers (6 of us total) we had an okay experience. We were seated promptly after walking in since it was the lunch hour rush but even after we all filled our plates with food from the buffet we were sitting eagerly waiting for our glasses of water to be filled. One of my colleagues asked for a coke and had to wait over 15 minutes to get it. Overall the service was slow and we all believed that it was due to the rush hour crowd.
I firstly assumed that the service here may be slow because of the crowds that sometimes happen but that is not the case. The service of this restaurant is bad whether it  is busy or not. The food is not authentic or satisfying. For this restaurant to succeed in the center city district they must work on their waitstaff asap.The environment is good and comfortable. I had the lunch buffet. There are not many choices. The taste is just fine, I didn't expect high food quality.I came because of the reviews and I won't go back because of the food. I wanted to carry out the buffet but it was pretty sparse, granted it was close 9:30 pm. I checked to make sure they were still taking orders. I ordered Rogen Josh spicy, cucumber salad garlic nan, and 2 mango lassi. I spent  $30. The cucumber salad had hard tomatoes very harsh and unpleasant onions and was tasteless. The Nan was soggy and tasteless with almost no crispy areas at all. Nan in my mind is the icing for a good Indian meal and this felt like icing off the sidewalk in the middle of August!  The Rogen Josh had reasonable spice and was edible but it was not that large or special for $15. The mango lasso was fine and probably the best element of the meal but still just average. I wish I had taken the sparse buffet for $10, it wouldn't have been quite as disappointing. Next time I will go down the street to the Minar Palace. Much better food for a similar price.Good food. Terrible service. The waitress was absent most of the night and forgot multiple items. The kicker was their refusal to accept a groupon that had not expired.So my uncle was recommended this place from his local take out Indian place but wanted somewhere to eat in with us.  When we walked in, there was a woman at the hostess stand who was looking at something on her phone.  She did not look up when we walked in on a Saturday night, she did not look up when I coughed, she did not look up when we started talking.  She only looked up when, who I assume is the owner, started talking to us from across the restaurant as he made his way over to seat us.  I was not happy.  Thank goodness the men waiting on us were much better.  My water glass never went empty.  We started with the vegetable samosas which were very good.  We ordered 3 entrees to share - chicken korma, chicken tikka masala and saag paneer.  The chicken korma was the best I've ever had.  The tikka masala was too sweet for my taste and I enjoyed the saag paneer.  I ordered it medium and it had a very nice kick.  Naan was very good.  The restaurant was pretty full for a Saturday night which I enjoy seeing.  My only drawback was the woman at the front who does not give a good first impression at all and if it were just my husband and myself, we would have turned around and left but I'd definitely go back for the korma and saag.TERRIBLE CUSTOMER SERVICE.
We patronized this restaurant twice and both times we had awful customer service experiences.
The first time, we had a sit-down dinner in the restaurant. The food was fine, but at the end of our meal, our server spent the better part of thirty minutes proselytizing us. She delayed running our credit card so she could tell us more about how she wanted to save our souls. It was wildly inappropriate.
Still, we decided we liked the food enough to try ordering in. (We figured this would help us avoid any discussion of religion.) Big mistake. An hour and a half later our food still had not arrived. When we called to follow up, the phone pushed us to a voicemail box that was full. Thirty minutes after that, we got a snarky phone call from a delivery man who insisted he had stood outside our apartment for ten minutes and had called us repeatedly. The phone - which worked perfectly when he called to give us unsolicited attitude - hadn't rung once, and no missed calls were shown. 
If you love rude customer service and shamefully inappropriate conversations about converting religions, then this is the place for you! We, however, will never patronize this restaurant ever again.Surprised to see the low reviews
But the times that I come I always get a Togo from the buffet, and I always get the same thing
I love Chicken Marsala very good, full of flavor and I always top it over my yellow rice, over all I love the dish that I always get my main reason for coming here.HORRIBLE TERRIBLE AWFUL 
My gf and I walked in on a Friday night and we should have walked straight out. We were the only people in the restaurant, but my gf wanted to try Indian and it was very close to her apartment on a cold rainy night. 
My gf is gluten free. Almost the entire menu said that it was gluten free. She got the chicken korma which was labeled gluten free. Guess what... It wasn't gluten free. She's currently throwing up in our bathroom because of gluten in her food. 
The mixed pickles were maybe pickles about 6 months ago but at this point they are mush. 
I played a little game called "how long until the waitress fills our water glasses." The answer: 21 mins. 21 minutes to fill water glasses when we are THE ONLY 2 PEOPLE IN THE RESTAURANT. 
The food is bland and flavorless and the service is nonexistent. 
This place will be out of business within a few months. At least I hope it is. 
DONT GO HERE.My wife and I were looking forward to trying a different restaurant, so I got a Groupon for Saffron. When we arrived, the manager refused to accept the Groupon. He insisted that it was valid for the North Broad location only, even though the Groupon states "Walnut Street location only valid Monday - Thursday." Since this was a Wednesday, shouldn't the Groupon be valid? The manager could not follow this logic, so we left to eat elsewhere.
This is not only obtuse (if my logic is sound) but poor business practice. Does he expect us to return?A wonderful surprise! Popped in on a cold snowy day for a very late lunch. The buffet was wonderful: fresh and tasty. I've since been back and the a la carte food did not disappoint! Sandra, the owner, is a wonderful and accommodating host. This may be the best authentic Indian food in the city right now.This was the worst Indian restaurant I have ever been to. The buffet is not worth 12.99 per person. There was hardly any food to consider it a buffet. The food was bland and cold. No spice to the tandoori chicken. No spice to anything for that matter. The naan and mango lassi were the only thing that was good. I would never recommend this restaurant for the buffet.fabulous dinner buffet! I was impressed with the malai kofte, one of my favorite dishes, and I'm so happy to have great Indian delivery in the neighborhood.Since I'm muslim I'm always looking for good halal indian cuisine and my experience in Saffron is always great! The place is clean and neat, the waitresses are always nice and the food is REALLY delicious. The portions are fair and the flavors are beautifully combined. I really appreciate that they have soda cans since I'm not a fan fountain soda. My friend always appreciate that they keep the music low so we can make conversations while eating!Was here a few evenings ago and had the buffet. Pretty poor food & service even by buffet standards. The items on the buffer were barely warm and I am just thankful I didn't get sick.Having engorged myself here twice now in the past six months, I'm a little surprised as to the low rating this place has.  While the buffet selection is small, it is delicious food, replete with the staples I seek such as Tikka Masala, etc.  The naan is to my preference--moist and buttery, as opposed to burnt crisp like a lot of places.  Attentive service and very nice and engaging owners, too.  I really like the palatial interior, it feels classy.  Overall one of the better Indian buffets I've enjoyed in the Philly area.
PS The Yelp racketeers have suppressed a dozen or so 5/5 reviews for this place, hence the 3.5/5 rating, which is assuredly costing Saffron revenue, and is very much a pillar of Yelp's business model, for those businesses that won't ante up in the way of Yelp advertising.I had the Chicken Saagwala, which was very delicious. Nice ambience. Would come back again.Delicious, affordable Indian buffet! Even better than its predecessor, Samosa. The food was fresh and flavorful, our server/hostess was polite and friendly, and the renovated dining room is lovely and welcoming. I'm looking forward to going back as soon as possible and would recommend Saffron to anyone looking for great Indian food at a great price.My girlfriend and I walked past this place and decided to stop in after seeing the "$5 lunch buffet" sign.  As it turns out, the "$5 lunch buffet" is a textbook bait-and-switch. 
The buffet actually costs around $7.50. For $5, you get a single plate that's made up of 5 items from the buffet. While we did decide to go ahead and get the $5 lunch, we won't be returning based on Saffron's dishonest signage. 
That being said, the food wasn't bad. One star for dishonesty.One star because we didn't even get to eat here. There was only one table occupied when we walked in but nobody even acknowledged us. We asked a couple of times if they were open and the server turned to his back and ignored us. LOL so we just left.Ordered 7 entries for lunch to be delivered. Only received 4, when I called to ask someone where the rest of the order was they hung up on me. Not impressed and will NEVER order from here again.This place is great. Low prices, really great food, and a welcoming, homie atmosphere. I can't wait to go back with my friends.Stopped by here just by chance on a walk through Center City.  Was promptly seated, service was attentive without hovering, menu is extensive, and I ordered samosas and a Persian-influenced lamb dish.  The samosas were very good, and the sauces that came with them, especially the mint/cilantro one, were fabulous.  The lamb was tender and nicely seasoned, with apricot and fried potato slivers. I want to go back and try some more dishes, since dining alone means I only had the one dish to review, but I really enjoyed my meal.
Note: most people here seem to be reviewing the buffet.  I don't trust buffets to be fresh, so I always order off the menu instead.  But if my dinner is indicative of the quality of the buffet table food, then go ahead and check it out.It is a good restaurant with nice service. Sandra who served us was very nice and showed the food at the stand. We were late for the buffet but she gave us the same price for it. Foods are good and the environment is clean. We enjoyed it and would try it when visiting Philadelphia again.I have the delivery from Saffron right in front of me.  I decided to stop eating to write this review. Partly because I'm mad, party because I can't stomach any more of it.
The food is horrible.  The only things that was edible was the Chicken Banjara. However, it was described as "very hot" but was not spicy at all - if anything it was bland.  The Baingan Bharta (eggplant) tasted bad and made me gag.  I could eat some of the rice - the some that wasn't dried and clumped together.  The cucumber "salad" was a joke - all it was huge chunks of tomato, onion and cucumber cut up together.  There was no sort of dressing or even spices as far as I could tell.  The naan was neither good nor bad.  The mango lassi looks like it was made fresh but its too thick and the consistency is weird.
I used to order from the place that was here before Saffron (San Samosa) every now and again.  They weren't my favorite, but they were better than this.  The food from Saffron came pretty quickly but it is clear why - it's not freshly cooked.Was walking around Philly on a Saturday afternoon looking for something to eat and saw $8.95 for an all you can eat Indian buffet? Don't mind if I do. 
The place was nice enough looking, with a couple small groups of people. The buffet consisted of several indian dishes, 2 different rices, and about 3 chicken dishes and the rest vegetarian. There was also a salad buffet with American items such as jello and junk. 
Also this place is BYOB, like many places in Philly (If you are not from familiar with Philly and like to have a drink, carry a back pack full of booze, lots of BYOB place, but not many liquor stores)I had the chicken korma and chana masala- with absolutely delish! Plus the staff is friendly :)Me and my wife traveled to Philadelphia for the 4th of July 2014.  This restaurant serves tasty and affordable Indian buffet.  The buffet selection is great and the quality very good for the price you pay (it was under 10 dollars per person).
We will be back for sure.Some 4-6 years ago this place used to be my go-to for Indian Buffet in Philly. Tonight I returned after not having gone for a year or so, and it has gone downhill in the extreme.
Let's start with the price. For the dinner buffet (identical to lunch) plus an iced tea, it came out to just under $17. That's outrageous.
Then there was the service. I sat down, and got the stinkeye from the woman who was clearly managing for the evening. When she finally seated me, and I told her I would be having the buffet, she asked if I would like Naan and I said yes. A minute later she brought a plate of it to a nearby table (only two other tables had patrons.) I went and got a plate of food, and then waited briefly for my Naan to come out. After several minutes I went ahead and ate my food, thinking surely it would be out by the second plate.
After finishing, and no Naan, I sat and quietly waited for several more minutes, and then eventually flagged down a busboy and asked him if it was coming out. He brought it right away. The reality here is that I simply wasn't deemed an important enough customer to be given decent service.
The condition: a mess. I was seated at a table by the window and door, meaning every time the door was opened the freezing outside winter air blew onto me. This despite nearly the entire restaurant being empty. When I was seated she said "We'll put you here because it's nice and clean," but there was food spill on the floor by the table and numerous yellow spots all over the table cloth.
I have no complaints about the food. I found it to be perfectly tasty. I had chicken biryani, chicken tikka, two veggie samosas and a potato dish the name of which has escaped me. Still, for the quality of the food, this should be a $9.99 buffet at best.
Really it was the poor service and outrageous cost that has caused such a low rating.Awful!!!!
I came with my daughter ready to enjoy an Indian buffet for dinner.  I should have looked at the buffet before we sat down.  Maybe 6 entrees.  All chicken.  All around the same shade of brown.  No spice, no flavor.  Lukewarm.   Truly hope we didn't get sick.  Naan was old and oily.  I figured we'd eat some dessert to make up for the gross food but the donut ball things were ICE COLD and hard as rocks.  Even my daughter's Mango Lassi was bad.  Wish I had my money back and the stomach space.
Server was friendly but didn't make up for terrible food.  Should have been negative stars.Excellent food for my vegetarian taste! 
Soy protein shrimp was my absolute favorite, plus I have a very picky palate! Enjoy the atmosphere and then lunch was very affordable , for Center City prices!Standard run of the mill indian buffet! Spice level: low, but its next to a student campus w great prices...so...go for it!Great find. Food fresh. BYOB. They had buffet for dinner which looked good. I ordered from the menu....mango lassi, nan, mango chutney, lamb seekh kabob with balsami rice and onions, peppers and tomato. $25 service was slow, but friendly.Finally got to stop here for some food, as I work in the area but rarely can get away from work long enough to sit down someplace.  
As lunch buffets go, this one was absolutely delicious!  While the choices were minimal, the food was definitely flavorful.  It was spiced nicely without being overpowering (or mouth-burning).  Definitely worth the price spent!  The decor is nothing extra special, but that's not what I go to a restaurant for in the first place.
For the modest price, it filled me up nicely!We had the weekend lunch buffet.  It was okay but nothing tasted really fresh.  Not bad, just like it had been reheated from last night's buffet.  Many of the items were unlabeled and the man working the buffet could best be described as aloof.  I have to disagree with the reviewer who described the interior as "palatial".  It was tired and worn, take a look at the thermostat for example or that weird area underneath it that looks like a balcony for a barbie doll.  I don't hold the interior against them but it's really not impressive.  The one impressive thing was that the naan was included in the price of our buffet.
If I lived in the neighborhood I'd go back if someone else suggested Saffron, but if I were picking a restaurant I'd try somewhere else to see if I could find someplace better.Decent indian food on walnut.  The all you can eat buffet is the best value for your buck.  My friend and I go here when we have time for lunch.  We easily get 2-3 plates each and are only charged $8 a person! =) Complementary naan (bread) with your meal. 
If you decide to take food to go. It's weighed/charged by the pound which is actually pretty awesome.  All i took was a little bit of chicken tikka masala (enough for one meal) and was charge $1 ha! love it! Naan to-go is $2 a piece but they are huge. Which means you can easily have a nice meal for $5! Who can beat that?
Staff is nice, and when you're eating they are out of your way and don't bother you. I've been here at least 5 times and i'll def be back.Avoid if you can. Food is bad. Chef argues when he was informed that the food is salty! Don't waste your time.I am extremely pleased with what I got for my money on my first visit to Saffron. I took out from the buffet, which is 4.49/lb. So for under $8 including tax, I got: delicious, not-too-spicy chicken tikka masala; basmati rice; lentils; tandoori chicken; really tasty curried vegetables; tender potatoes with peas; chewy, warmed-just-for-me naan; mint chutney; and tamarind chutney. That is a lot of food for the price, especially in Center City! When nearby takeout shop Grocery had an Indian buffet for a few months last year, it was $8 a lb. This is almost half that price and it's tastier. I highly recommend this restaurant..Actually, at least in this case, I wish that Yelp allowed ratings in one-half star (i.e., 0.5 star) increments, because I feel that this restaurant hovers just around 3.5 stars.
I like this Indian buifet restaurant, and I have eaten the dinner buffet here at least four times across two recent 8-day stays in Philadelphia. There is a good selection (about 12, as I remember) of Indian foods in the dinner buffet, along with a good selection of sauces, gravies, chutnies, etc. 
And, perhaps most interestingly and also unexpectedly, even though this is a dinner buffet, they do not leave the naan out on the buffet table, where it might dry out or get stale. Rather, I discovered to my delight, once you have been seated, their kitchen makes a fresh batch of naan (Indian bread) for each customer eating the dinner buffet, and, once you are seated, the waitperson explains that the freshly-backed naan will be brought out from the kitchen within two or three minutes. And, I must admit, they make good naan!
I have always found the quality of the food, as well as the variety/wisdom of the selections of the cooked Indian foods in the dinner buffet, to be very good. 
The servers here seem to be always helpful and polite. 
Best of all, the interior of this restaurant, during the evening dinner period, is sufficiently well-lighted that it is easy to navigate around the interior of the restaurant, and also easy to see the various food and condiment selections. While this might sound like a rather minor and moot point, the sad reality is that I have, during my recent stays in Philly, eaten at other Indian buffets on Walnut Street where the dinnertime interior lighting was so dark that I could barely see anything (and I have very good vision, along with very good night vision...)! So, I am glad that the folks who operate Saffron have chosen to provide sufficient lighting during the dinnertime hours, rather than giving into some new kind of insane trend toward dark and gloomy interiors in Indian buffet restaurants!
Before I close my review, I also want to touch briefly upon the price of the buffet dinner meal. I am not a cheap person, and I normally never pay much attention to pricing of foods in buffet restaurants, as I am always willing to pay a fair price for good food and good service, but I must admit that I have noticed that the dinner buffet price at this Indian buffet restaurant is, in my experience, much less expensive than that of another Indian buffet restaurant located one or two blocks away on Walnut Street, and the reason that I feel that I must mention this is because, while the dinner buffet at Saffron costs about 30% less (yes! a full 30% less!) than at the other nearby Indian buffet restaurant, the quality of the food and service at Saffron is always much better than at the other nearby Indian buffet restaurant! So, this is yet another reason to pick Saffron if you are looking for a very good Indian buffet restaurant in this area of Walnut Street! 
Overall, I can think of no negatives about this Indian restaurant, and only positives! I will definitely be eating the dinner buffet here again during my next visit to Philly!I love the flavors of this Indian food and the buffet price!  I have sampled food from all the lunchtime Indian buffets within walking distance to my work, and this is my new favorite lunch spot.  Nice choices for both meat eaters and vegetarians, great flavors.  Warm, fresh naan bread brought to you after you sit down.  There is also free WIFI.  I'll be back.Pretty disappointing lunch buffet. Very limited selection and the items were not very flavorful. In general, the restaurant was not very appealing. Small chairs and tables, silverware was not on the table, only two small, thin napkins were provided, water was delivered sporadically. I don't expect the highest quality from a buffet like this, but I found it hard to even ingest a large quantity of food.This place is awful. Came here due to a groupon purchase. Decor is barren with a really odd setup (buffet fast food like cart at the front of the restaurant, bare tile floors, short cloth curtains hanging). Place was empty which is always a bad sign. 
2 people were working here, they showed little to no attention. Make up your mind quickly because they won't come back for a while to take your order. I even tried to get their attention and they were rude. I would hate to see this place when it's actually busy. 
The food was very sweet and bland (we ordered our food medium spice). Half of our table wanted lamb, they ran out (wtf). 
Gave us our bill with automatic gratuity on it (we were a group of 4). When we paid, the bill was charged a dollar more (why?) 
Overall a terrible experience, probably one of the worst. Avoid this place even with the groupon not worth it!I see all the good reviews so maybe they just can't handle delivery but if thats the case, they need to remove themselves from grubhub, etc. This is my second time ordering. The first time I ordered they messed up my order and gave me the wrong entree, but the spinach naan was good so I decided to try them again. This time when I opened up my spinach naan, it had a red filling, so clearly not spinach, but there is a tomato naan on their menu, so I figured fine, as long as its good, i'll accept it. I take a bite and have an immediate allergic reaction and I can feel the crunch and know I've eaten nuts. There is a naan on their menu that has raisins and cashews in it, this is definitely the raisin naan but someone obviously put cashews in it. I try calling the restaurant and am sent straight to voicemail. So i start a chat with eat24.com The representative tells me they've spoken with the restaurant and the restaurant says that they don't have a naan with cashews, as if we can't read menu. Then they tell me they can bring the spinach naan but it will take 2.5 hours for redelivery. 2.5 hours for some bread thats probably already pre-made and delivery to a house 5 minutes away? That or a credit. Because they claim to have given me what I requested. This was after I sent the eat24 customer support a picture of the clearly RED naan. So I said fine, since they want to be smart claiming a 2.5hr redelivery time, knowing that they close in 30 mins, I want the redelivery and they can come pick up this naan they claim is spinach. That changed their tune and I got a refund instead of an eat24 credit. It was absolutely ridiculous all I had to go through for a $6 refund. I spent over $25 with them each time I ordered, why would I make up an allergic reaction for $6. Customer service sucks and the food is meh.We (2 families)  had been on a road trip to DC on the memorial day weekend. On our way back enroute,we stopped by this place for our dinner at around 8 pm. 
We ordered for vegetarian items
Naan, curry, veg biryani.
Slow service. Food quality was very bad. Rude customer service. The biryani was so bad, we doubt it was not fresh and we tasted and returned back. We mentioned to the waiter as well as the manager. But they started arguing instead of feeling sorry that the quality was bad.
They didn't offer to take even the biryani off the check, remember we returned back. On top of it they added a 15% service charge for the lousy service they had.
This place is not worth the time and I don't recommendI just tried to use a groupon at this location and the staff was so rude and dismissive! They claimed the groupon was canceled and needed to call them for a refund. Their excuse was that people used the groupon inappropriately, that they are meant for 2 or 4 people and that in no way could one person either order or eat food for 2 people. They also claimed the promotion interrupted their dinner flow but the restaurant was empty as they read the paper. All in all I will not support this restaurant or recommend it based on their in my humble opinion dishonest and disingenuous approach  toward customer service or satisfaction. In a city with a plethora of Indian restaurants you'd think they have some manners.The lady who works there has the CRUMMIEST attitude. I came in and the restaurant was deserted. No one was at the counter. I rung the bell and had to ring it twice. She comes from the back hunched over with the worst attitude looking at me like, "wtf are you here for?" face. I could have walked out of the restaurant at that point. I had already waited ten minutes to just ORDER food. When she rang up my order she didn't take my money so I stood there for ANOTHER five minutes to give her my change. She makes the food and THREW it on the counter in a plastic bag. That's my rant about the customer service.
I ordered a veggie samosa and they were TINY!! Usually it takes only two to fill me up but hers were so small that I felt hungry still after. Wow. I don't think I'll be coming here again. Not worth the extra "drama". I'm just trying to get a meal in peace.This place is a pleasant surprise.  My assumptions based on location, the bare interior, the lack of customers, was that the food would be just edible.  I was glad to be wrong though. 
I've only had take out here so can't speak to the wait staff.  The take-out issue is a little frustrating though.  I've not once ordered and was able to just pick it up and leave.  Even after calling and coming in maybe 20-30min after, there's a wait.  They're not busy with customers so I'm not sure why this is.  The one time I ordered online, it didn't go through.  I had to order again once I got there to pick up.  I won't do that again.  The cashier/hostess that rings me up is nice, but a little over bearing.  She tells me to sit down, relax, and thanks me way too many times for being patient.  Perhaps I'm just being difficult.  Take from that what you will.  
As for the food, I haven't had a bad order there yet.  The garlic naan is nice and warm with much flavor and good chewiness.  The tikki masala is the kind of good that makes you keep eating even after you're sooo full.  But you dump some more of that rice they include into the container and scoop every bit of sauce left out.  I even recall the chicken tandoori being good, and I usually think everything tandoori is too dry.  So for the chicken of all things to be good, kudos.  
I'm glad to have this place as an addition to the boring row of Dunkin Donuts, Subway, and Philly Pretzel.  With a Wine and Spirits a few doors down, you can have a pretty good meal post Temple hospital shift, or post ER visit, whichever your situation is.I came in last week bc I had a craving for samosas. The man that served me was very rude.  He had attitude about discussing the menu and prices for individual items. He made me feel as though I was not welcome bc I was not dressed in business/professional attire (I was dressed casually bc my job with DHS allows me to). Needless to say I will not spend another penny here.Not impressed. Had masala dosa with spinach and mushroom added. Flavors were flat. Chutney did not taste fresh. I was really looking forward to finally finding a good place for dosa in Philly, but apparently my search continues.Very deserted and over priced. Foods aren't too bad but not worth spending ~$15 for a curry. 
Feels like they will be out of business anytime because no customer was there on prime time like Fri 7pm.It's just a nice place to sit down and have Indian food. The food itself is delicious and I really like the atmosphere.We really like the chicken tiki masala and samosas from this restaurant. We've never eaten in here, always gotten take out. it doesn't seem to be busy most times we've gone to pick up our food, so I hope it survives. They messed up our order in small ways a couple of times but the food is good and they are quick in getting the takeouts ready. I like having an Indian food option in north philly so I hope they last! I definitely recommend people check this place out.I would come here for the lunch buffet more often if the food was more consistent and the service was better. Often the food in the buffet is spoiled or just seriously past its prime. This is usually an issue with the saag paneer and occasionally an issue with the rice. I'll have a serious craving for Indian food and I'll grab lunch here and then, after eating it, remember why I haven't been back in months. The food for the buffet is listed at a cheap price per pound but they have various tricks to up the real price per pound: they don't tare out the container and then they swap oz to tenths of a pound. Finally the promised 10% student discount is rarely, if ever, actually a full 10% off. 
I give 2 stars because the catering they offer is quite tasty and is always fresh. That's clearly the only way to go for this establishment.Had lunch here today sit down buffet and it was great. Samosas super I also had Chicken Tikka Masala, Chicken Biryani,  A spinach dish, Vegetable Korma, A super and spicy potatoes dish and Naan. There were ten things I did not try including dessert. They also have a good home made ice tea with the 8.95 buffet.  
Like I said before not sure what complaints are about...good Halal food in North Philly....easy parking..spotless white tablecloth restaurant. Temple students get takeout discount.Our delivery order arrived 1.5 hours after the estimated delivery time.  When we called to ask if they needed help finding our place, they rudely hung up MULTIPLE times.  Will definitely never order from here again.  Horrible customer service - I would not recommend unless you have 2 hours to wait for delivery.  Not sure how they are still even in business?Continue to love the good food here tikka masala always good the potatoes with string beans excellent and on the owners recommendation I finally tried the tandoori oven chicken and that was amazing good naan and Gulab balls for dessert.Rude people. Hanged up the phone twice on customer. Do not go there. Go somewhere where your money is well deserved.I have been to Saffron many times and i will say that the restaurant worth going. The buffet options are good. 
The biryani is a must try. I also like saag paneer and chole. I take a samosa, add some chole and raita. It tastes great.
For dessert, they always have Kheer and mango pudding, sometime Gulab Jamun. I will recommend add 2 portion of kheer and 1 portion of mango pudding. It tastes awesome.
Overall a good restaurant.There is no way this can be owned by the same people that have the Montgomery Road Store.
I went to Saffron on Broad Street for a lunch buffet and was completely underwhelmed by the food and service. 
The buffet itself was pretty sparse with only a few quality offerings. Buffet quality was on par with Mood.
The worst part was the customer service.
I tried to pay with a $20 but they had no change. One of the employees left to go to the bank to get 5's and 10's but I was stuck waiting for 10 minutes. 
They only reason I received my change was another customer paid with a $10. 
When you make a patron wait to receive their change, you should at least offer something. A drink, dessert, etc. 
This Saffron is on my DO NOT VISIT AGAIN list.Owner is rude and unorganized. It looked like he was running the place all alone and didn't want to hire employees to help out. The food here might be good though, but I wouldn't know because I walked out after the owner/managers attitudeNot a great restaurant. We were the only customers present, felt a deserted look. Customer care was okay. Ambience was okay. Location is not great.  We ordeRed kabob, paneer pakoda, navaratan kurma, puri which tasted okay. Too small quantity. Mandatory automatic gratitude is more than 16 %. We lost the savings from Groupon. That was very bad.  Will not visit again.I don't recommend going to this restaurant.Initially the buffet lunch served used to be good.However the food quality has deteriorated over time and so has the hospitality.Me and my friends were served a basket of bread from the adjacent table.Even if the bread was unused this is no way to treat your guests.
Recently I learnt , (through experience) , that they don't serve appetizers without a full meal order.There was no mention about this rule outside the restaurant or the menu cards.I recommend that these guys should put it up on the board. I also have a suggestion for the  host , show a little respect towards your guests.Not sure what the complaints are about I find this an excellent place for lunch and a nice buffet.  Chicken Tikka Masala excellent ...Naan and Kulcha very good ...Veggie Samosas excellent....spinach and green beans/potatoes very good. Very reasonable. Nice people. 
This is a hard neighborhood that is not easy to do business in...huge medical school there or not. This place has to compete with ten middle eastern food trucks. This establishment should be appreciated.Average. I ate in for the lunch buffet. I saw a few come for takeout and as i heard the prices being tallied it was quite expensive (food was weighed).I love that this restaurant is right next to temple hospital. The owner is really nice and the chicken tikka marsala is really good. Their lunch buffet is pretty affordable $8.99. I eat lunch here atleast twice a month.Such a breath of fresh air in North Philly/ Temple University area. The food here is very flavorful and delicious. We are done eating at the cheap Chinese take outs & pizza places. Time to eat well during our lunch breaks. =)The first time I tried this place I was pleasantly surprised. Their Tadka daal and Malai Kofta were delicious and left me wanting more. I ordered again today and would give it 1 star. The Malai Kofta was tasteless and the color was yellow (it's not supposed to be that color)The roti was also chewey and sub par (as if made on a stove and not a tandoor). Unfortunately would not recommend because poor consistency. 
 Not sure if they have different cooks on the weekend compared to the weekdays.Excellent food and service.  We went there today for the 8.99 buffet during our lunch break from Temple Hospital.  Everything was superb.  We will be returning in the future for certain.This place might be good for their buffet, at $8.99, that's reasonable, even if the food is not so decent (which I don't know, I got takeout). I ordered an appetizer, I didn't know it was an appetizer until the cook asked me if I wanted the appetizer or the meal. I asked for the meal, he cooked it...the price isn't listed on the menu but even at the regular $13.95 takeout entree price, I paid around $19.50 for it. I'm not sure where the extra $5 comes from as I know PA has 7% sales tax and it was a pickup order. Maybe they just wanted to hike up the price just for me since I'm not of their decent and I probably come off as a newbie. As for the food itself, I ordered the lamb kabob, and it is ground lamb rolled up. This takeout is worth $10 to me. I'm not even going to be full. The rice is the same as any other Indian takeout restaurant. I say, only go here for the $8.99 buffet and not for takeout unless you really really have no other choice. A chinese takeout would give you more food for the takeout. I also ordered the marsala lassi because I wanted to try it, I already ordered the mango lassi elsewhere and I liked it. The masala lassi is really gross. I literally took two sips and threw the rest out. I'm not one to ever ever throw out food, but I couldn't even down the thing. If you are going to order a lassi, order the mango.Don't do it! The customer service is horrible. They are not friendly people. Don't bother with a Groupon purchase because they will give you hard time using it or will turn you away.  Never mind that the place is empty. They will still turn customers away with a Groupon. After going back & forth with the lady that works there, we were served our food which was mediocre. Also be warned that they will put an "automatic gratuity" on your bill.  I can't imagine that this restaurant will be around much longer. The lack of customers proves it. On a busy street and no one came in while we were there.Overcharged me intensionally, then yelled at me and my friend repeatedly when we pointed it out. Was extremly rude, obnoxious. This needs total change in staff/management.Horrible food -- the saag paneer had an off taste and an off color. Very little cheese, and the spinach was either frozen or canned, but certainly not fresh. In fact, other than the bread, nothing tasted fresh. The owner was unfriendly, bordering on hostile when I asked for a spoon. This is absolutely the worst Indian food in Philadelphia  -- and I eat a lot of Indian food.
The tikka masala was greasy and the sauce also tasted stale. The condiments were not flavorful,  and the raita was sugary sweet.
Bad food, crappy attitude, with the ambiance of a bus station.Ive ordered takeaway from Saffron about 4 times in 2 months. Its THAT good. And because everything is made fresh you get to adjust spices to order- which is always a good thing with Indian food. Love the samosas - loaded with meat. Chicken kadhai is my favorite, ive also had and recommend the lamb curry and the chicken biryani. Healthy serving sizes, good valur for money and very hygenic. Its a mum and daughter venture and i liked meeting both. If its fresh, quick, clean and made to order food youre craving - give Saffron a try. Dont hesitate to ask them to alter spices according to your taste. They oblige!The worst experience ever. I've never been racially profiled before. Literally sitting here waiting for the police to come so that I can get my money back.North Philadelphia and the Temple Hospital campus needed a place like this! Clean, bright, and attractive, with a delicious buffet in addition to menu items. The staff is friendly and the price for the all-you-can-eat buffet is a deal!This place is priced good for a delicious indian buffet. The Tikki Masala is really good and hot. I love it when they bring out hot nan too! The Tandoori chicken is delicious and the wings when they have are really good. Overall, I think the food is hot and delicious and service is great. She comes around and gives you Nan. There's always enough food in the buffet and it tastes really good. I come back here frequently for the good price and taste!chick pea masala was so-so. A bit bland and same for the soup that was ordered.I was in Philly visiting my gf, who was showing me around when I decided a snack would be a good idea! Dropping in @Saffron Indian Cuisine on Broad (N. Philly) was a great idea. Ordering the Meat Samosa was the best idea! OMG, The crust was so flaky and just salty enough; and the meat was so juicy and flavorful. I wish there was one near my home. I'd drop in right now! Also, the hostess was very polite and helpful while my gf & I ordered. Thank you for that! I'll visit again the next time I'm in Philly xoxoThis place have some of  the best Indian food in the city and i am an Indian food lover. I've been to most and this place is one of the best, good food, nice portion,  good customer service (welcome to the US Tina).  I am going back as soon as I finish this review for the lunch buffet. Gotta goI ordered from this restaurant via UberEATS and I have to say I am thoroughly impressed! The flood was flavorful and plenty! I got the Sheetal Shrimp and Basmati rice and it was sooo good. I will definitely order again!Its Friday night 19:30 hours and this place is empty. Apart from a couple who aren't even eating, a family of three, the waiter, and the cook, were the only ones here. I almost feel like leaving but I bought a Groupon so what the hell. 
I'm happy to report that the food is great. Two different lamb curry's, vegetable samosas, and naan bread all tasted delicious. I think the food is even better than the saffron location in bala cynwynd. 
So don't let the empty restaurant fool you, this place is worth the visit.I'm surprised a lot of people didn't like their food. I mean, it's not the best Indian food that I have had, that's for sure. The only reason of that is because it doesn't have as much flavor as it should. I had the Chicken Tikka Masala, Garlic Naan and Lamb Samosas. They are all good, especially the masala. The samosas were not as flavorful as I wanted it to be, but it was okay. I like this place.The food is simply amazing at Saffron! Deliciously yummy and piping hot, the buffet is the best for sit down or takeout. It's hard not to get at least 3 plates and thank goodness it's so close to the med school so any cravings for Indian food can be fulfilled right away. Love this place, and the staff is super friendly! Winning all around!This place never seems to have it together. 50% of the time they can't take cash . It's a shame that's there isn't a quality Indian restaurant like Tiffin or Ekta on campus.It's really difficult, I'd imagine, to make bland Indian food, but alas, Saffron has managed. But still, even bland Indian is better than most other food, so I did not hate Saffron. 
Places like Ekta have unfairly raised my expectations and standards for Indian food, and this place falls short in flavor and quality. The chicken tikka masala was really bland, and the veggie samosas were obviously frozen for a while. The naan however was a delight. 
While it is not quite as flavorful as other Indian I've had, it is still warm and tasty, so I will probably order it again in the future, but it's definitely not the best game in town.Incredible Indian cuisine. I got an amazing vegetable platter. Wow, it was one of the best things I had eaten for a long time. Thank you so muchAll things considered this is a decent option if you're in the area and craving Indian food. Nothing mindblowing by any means but again, decent enough! The inside is quite nice - a little bit bare but it's very warm and welcoming indoors especially if there are a few people around - and delightfully clean and neat.
Out late for food after a bit of a stressful day, we walked in at 9:34 and asked when they closed as the hours aren't posted - 9:30 but the waitress still told us to sit down for half an hour. There was a big family already eating when we arrived which made for pleasant background noise. I went with someone who speaks Hindi fluently and there was definitely a bit of an uptick in the pleasant nature of service once he started speaking, which makes sense of course, but the waitress was still very considerate in speaking directly to me (in English) which I did appreciate very much!
We ordered the lamb roganjosh and kofta lajawab; the lamb was very tender and flavorful but perhaps a touch on the salty side. Having never had kofta lajawab before, I was delighted with the texture and the fullness of flavor - there is also something to be said for the fact that the lajawab and the sauce were the same temperature and heated all the way through, leading me to believe they were not simply microwaved from frozen! Portion sizes were exactly right and even though they didn't have naan at the time we did get roti which I wasn't inclined to be fussy about.
Would return if I were in the area and craving Indian again but only after I explore other nearby places for the sake of comparison!Not gonna order from here again and I wouldn't recommend it to anyone either. I ordered chicken biryani and aloo samosa and asked for it to be very spicy. When I got home and tried the food, it was extremely bland. I've never had south Asian food this mild and I eat biryani samosa korma etc on a regular basis.My first time eating here today. It's very quaint. I ordered Chicken Tikka Masala and it was ok. I enjoyed the crab masala. The naan bread was not cooked enough. It was doughy. I will give them one more try. The menu looked appealing.Saffron is apparently a chain, with one location in Cherry Hill and another one in Philadelphia. Their newest location is next to Temple University Hospital, where Philly Dawgz used to be (Rest in peace!). They've only been open for about a month, but I'd love to see them get some lovin' from the neighborhood, as they have some great food to offer. We got takeout, but they also do a lunch buffet Monday through Sunday from 11:30 am to 3 pm for $8.99. What a steal!
I wanted to get the Crab Masala appetizer, but they were out at the time--sadface! I'll have to come back again to grab some. The curry is great, though. The consistency is a bit soupier than other Indian curries I've had in Philly, but still substantial and full of texture, and well-absorbed with the rice.
The vindaloo, marked with a "very hot" symbol on the menu, does have a bit of kick! The lamb in the lamb vindaloo was tender, moist, and juicy. I'd never seen Sheetal shrimp curry on a menu before, so I was interested in trying it out. It reminded me of a somewhat milder vindaloo, and the shrimp went excellently with the complex blend of tomato, garlic, and ginger.
These curries DIDN'T build up a layer of oil at the top after sitting for a while, something else I appreciated. I like tasting spices, not oil.
The rice was a step up from your typical basmati rice, too, with a few peas and some saffron tossed in for extra flavor.
It seems like a family-run operation; the lady who rang us up was friendly and the food came out really fast (even though we hadn't ordered ahead). The portions are generous; each curry came in a 16 oz plastic takeout container, and came with a 16 oz saffron basmati rice. We also got a complementary kheer rice pudding! Sweet!I ordered take-out @ this restaurant today and was very impressed. Not only was the dining area nice and clean when I walked in, but The employees were VERY nice to me and the food was extraordinary! I absolutely will be visiting again and I do recommend this location.At this point, I might've tried every Indian buffet within the city of Philadelphia, since trying this one this week. 
This one is pretty far North in a plain storefront. You pay up front to start your buffet and it is pretty dang cheap. No student discount anymore, they told me, but the price is right still anyway. 
There were dishes of paneer, chicken tikka masala, eggplant and aloo, samosas, dal, chickpeas, gulab jamun, and rice pudding rounded out the buffet, plus some naan and a salad bar with toppings and dippings. 
There is water and iced tea on the buffet as well, and the flavors here are pretty delicious. Not too spicy but everything is strong and goes well together, so you can tell that it is made with care and appreciation for the cuisine. It isn't presented amazingly, but everything is warm and pretty fresh. Also because of the price, there aren't as many options as you might want (or they are dumbed down a a bit) , but still worth it to try.I think I saw a couple of people mention it before me that their naans as undercooked. What good is an Indiann restaurant if you can't serve properly cooked Naan? It is the only place we could find that had dine in available at 3.30PM. The server aunty was extremely cordial and tried her best to keep us engaged but after a while of trying to keep our two kids entertained, all failed as it took an hour for our order to come out. The paneer makhni had a lot of added color that we couldn't wash it off for a couple of meals.All the chicken dishes I ordered were dry and unseasoned. The rest of the dishes smelled off. 
Reminds me of an episode of Kitchen Nightmare. Tastes like they ordered too much, prepared too much, and served old food. 
Never again.What defines a good restaurant?  Is it the size? The neighborhood?  Or the architecture of it? Well, all the categories may play a role; but the quality of its food and the generosity of its stuff play the most important part.  This is my story.
It is Friday,  October 20th, I decide to dine outside of my comfort zone. For the first time of my life, I visit an Indian cuisine called SAFFRON located on 3240 N Broad street,  Philadelphia PA 19140. I honestly do not have any idea of what to expect starting from the food to the staffs. For the most part I am beyond excited of not knowing the dish names or how to cook it.
SAFFRON is a normal size restaurant with beautiful texture, cozy, and each table was well-arranged with the elegant features. There are at least ten small tables of four cover with white clothes; two salad forks; on the right, knife and a spoon; one water glass and one wine glass; napkins are on the side as well as on both glasses; and a nice counter piece (artificial red roses on a small brown vase). The restaurant opens 7 days a week and lunch buffet from 11:00 am to 3:00pm. It offers many options like dine-in, catering, take out or delivery; the owner name is Sangeeta. Ms Sangeeta welcomes everyone including me with grace and a warm welcome. The menu goes a fair way toward explaining foods to the newcomers and also has vegetarian dishes . The food itself  is most persuading. I arrive at 11:50am, which is the buffet special; eat as much as you want for only $8.99. All sort of Indians food are well served and labeled with names for the ones who are not familiar with the recipes. I seat down and take a look around to start my review.  One of the staff offers me a glass of water and a little basket of five fresh naan (refined flour bread sprinkled with onion seeds) which is a bit crispy and smooth, not too much salt. Few minutes later, I serve myself with a platter of chicken Biriyani (Halal chicken made with abstain rice, saffron,  cardamon &spices), beans, tandoori chicken (spring cc hikes marinated overnight in a blend of ginger and garlic) and green salad. The food is delicious and well-cooked. To continue the review and to enjoy the meal, I choose another platter which begins with vegie noodles, bhatura (which looks like a flat pattie), and green salad/cucumbers with tamirind chunky as dressing. However, if one wants to have a quick feel for the cuisine, several combo dinners are provided; its also gives one a choice of soup, tamarta shorts, mulligatwany,  or paalak ka  shorba.  As a result, I have a wonderful experience and I highly recommend everyone to visit.  Enjoy and Bon appetite!!!!!The owner is very rude. I came in for lunch with a friend and wanted to order the lunch special. He took my order and next thing you know he is gone in the kitchen for 20 minutes. He come back and tells me the total is 20 dollars for a 13 dollar meal he is advertising: then proceeded to get upset when I asked him why was it $20. He slapped his hand on the counter and said taxes. What fucking taxes is 7 dollars asshole!!! This places was nice to come to and eat but never again!Just ask for "extra spicy" when ordering if you like your Indian food hot!  Mine (Kadai Paneer) was delicious, flavorful, and just a tad too hot!  The last time I ordered (Chicken Tikka Masala) I asked for "spicy" and it was bland, but quality was fine.  Grub Hub order was correct & well packaged, quick delivery!I used to order from this place all the time but never again. They are rude and nasty. I called about missing and incorrect items and the woman yelled at me, then put a guy on the phone who automatically got an attitude based off what the woman said and I am still missing an item. So you can take my money but can't handle a call when youuuuu forgot to include an item that I paid for????!!!! Ok. Never again. I will send my money to New Delhi all the way in University City.Ended up getting an uber eats delivery from this place because they had a $11 off on orders of $40. Serves me right for trying to be cheap and save money. I ordered garlic naan and kheema nan, both of which had raw batter. Very clearly uncooked. 
Chicken Banjara seemed a little undercooked. Way too oily. Paneer makhani had so much artificial color added that my fingers are still orange. Dal makhani was watery instead of creamy, and again, way too much oil. 
Skip this place.Attempted to patronize this location with my husband but they said that they no longer accepted the Groupon (non-expired) for this location. When I asked, "why?"  the woman who worked there reported "you can get a full refund from Groupon". 
So overall very disappointed that they did not honor the Groupon that was recently purchased and poor customer service as they did not care to go into detail as to why the Groupon voucher would not be accepted.
Won't be back.Thought to give this place a try and ordered delivery despite the not so stellar reviews. Not the worst I've ever had. But definitely not the best. The naan was the least exciting. It was a little undercooked actually. :-( 
I ordered the Seafood biryani and the Crab masala. The seafood biryani had salmon and shrimp in it. Salmon is not a top choice for a dish like this. The salmon gets overcooked and loses all its fatty goodness. This dish is a no for me. I would have went with a flaky, white fish instead. I would not order it again. The crab marsala was nice and flavorful. I was pleased by the amount of crab in the appetizer. If only I had some hot, soft and fully cooked naan to enjoy with it. :-/ 
I doubt that I will order from here again. At least I tried it.Excellent food. The quality is very good and staff is very friendly. I ordered delivery and they were very quick! I will return. So far have had their food twice and no complaints here, very good! Plus, it is right on Broad St., so pretty convenient.Food Was Good My First Time Ordering. Definitely Will Order Again. I ordered Lamb Tikki Masala & Chicken KadhaiI need to slow it dow, because I've eaten here almost 5 days out of the week last week. As often as I go I've only ever gotten the buffet, the prices, to me, are steep for lunch, I'll go for dinner sometime in the future.  The food is usually good and well seasoned, carrot suffle and a few other dishes stand out.  I've seen complaints about hospitality but I have never experienced bad service.  The waitress is always warm, welcoming, attentive and has a beautiful smile.   My only complaint is sometimes when there are many people present you'll go up to the buffet and a particular thing, usually the red chicken (sorry dont know the proper name)  is finished and may take a while to pop back up.  All in all the atmosphere is great, the buffet price is a steal and the food is very good.  :) all smiles, def a fan.The Navaratan Korma is HEAVEN. But the Chana Masala and Aloo Boghi is wayyyyyy too salty. Garlic Naan is reliable.I was surprised the ratings were so low at this place. I don't eat much Indian food, but everything I ordered from here was good and the price is awesome for what you get. 
I would order from here again and I would encourage people to try it. Weird that the Yelp ratings were low, but google and ubereats ratings are high. 
Also, my naan was cooked perfectly fine lol (the lowest priced item somehow is bringing the ratings down here...?)This place stained my fingers yellow Bc they used too much food coloring, messed up our order , the food smelled unusual including the water, and didn't taste good. Don't recommend this at all, to anyone. There is no quality in this place amd the people hear are rude, and took longer than most places I goFirst off I'd. like to say that it's great to have a decent Indian restaurant in North Philly on Temple's campus. I wish them much success because we need more options up in here.
Saffron is a small spot, with seating and they also have a buffet for lunch.  I came in for some takeout, and they were surprisingly open after 9pm. I was greeted by a very warm lady who handed me a menu.  I played it safe and ordered the Chicken Tiki Masala medium spicy. (I should've asked for spicy)
The Basmati rice was fluffy,  aromatic and flavorful.  The chicken was perfectly cooked, tender breast meat with a rich, creamy sauce with so many flavors blended together nicely. I inhaled it.  
My only only minor complaint was I wish there was some warm Indian bread or a delicious vegetable to round out the meal. I think the price could support that notion.