Brews and Bingo!!! So much fun, this place is great it was very busy and the service was excellent. If you want a fun night out come check this place out!!! Best French onion soup in the city ... I'm not kiddingHad the pork pibil tacos for lunch served on a doubled corn tortilla (2).  Pork was tender served with pickled onion and relish on side with plenty of cilantro.  My hubby had the Pretzel bratwurst sandwich which he loved!  Super juicy with super flavor.  I enjoyed a flight to include their award winning pilsner, the saison, the cream ale and the stout.  All were exceptional for local microbrew beer.  Service was great and prices are right.This little brewery in South Kensington is just wonderful. It's worth the trek out into a more industrial area for sure. Aside from the fact that you're going to get to try excellent beer, you'll also presently get to try six of the samples for free (plus tip!).
So far they've only hosted a handful of tours. I was able to make the one that they held on the Saturday of Memorial Day. It was a nice way to spend the afternoon [of my birthday] with a few friends and to browse the brewery.
The tour part was more of a "huddle" in a corner while one of the founders explained the history of the space and the brewery's roots since we had all already been on brewery tours. It was really relaxed and interesting. If you have any questions about the brewing process, you can certainly get them answered here!
As for the beers, they have some really great stuff brewing here. Of course, you must try the liaison saison. That's a given. It's so potent and has a distinct lavender flavor that surprised me despite its description. I'm not the biggest saison drinker (leaning more toward IPAs and stouts), but this was awesome.
Also loved the Inca. This was creamy and hoppy and just all around easy to drink. I hope to see it in bars! Another one made me laugh: the koffee kolsch. I tried it, rated it on Untappd, and my "distinct" beers list didn't go any higher. I then clicked and realized that I had already tried it before -- two months ago at a local bar -- and rated it exactly the same! So funny. But, yes, this is also a good brew. Much lighter than you might expect, but very good.
I really look forward to seeing what this brewery creates in the future, and I wish them all the luck! Thanks for a great birthday outing!Great beer and food. Small taproom but makes it for better service and attention.   Prices for beer are standard.  Food was a little high but well worth it.  Have vegan options and a local liquor bar. Worth your time for a look.Very Cool Spot!!
Good vibe going on here 
Did not eat here so this just the beer portion
Did the selection of taste 4 off the menu for $10
chose #5  excellent pint I must say
really cool small atmosphere fits in with the area
will come back again when I'm in phillyOne of my favorite places in the city to drink. The wait staff is very friendly. Fantastic beers, a cool atmosphere and a terrific menu with lots of vegan and vegetarian options.Am I in the minority here that I didn't like any of their beers? Maybe I am just picky. Also their mac and cheese was decent, tomatoe jam interested. Crispy chickpeas a delicious bar snack. Brussles were oddly steamed or boiled not roasted or fried I have no idea why.Loved this hidden gem! Not in the most populated area, but definitely worth visiting. The place has a great food and drink menu - if you're a vegetarian/vegan you have to try this! Huge fan of their beyond meat burger and empanadas.I love the craft beer scene, and this newcomer to the Philly brewing deserves to stand side by side with the more established and familiar area breweries. 
Saint Benjamin Beer is complex and flavorful, without ever being "overwhelming" the way some crafts can be. It is definitely made to be sipped and appreciated. 
I look forward enjoying their newer offerings in the future as well as the tap room and restaurant they have that are scheduled to be opened in the next several weeks.This is hipsters paradise. Not cool to sit and eat dinner. Everybody was standing up.Have sampled a few kinds of this brewery's beers, all of which are delicious, so have been wanting to go to the tap room for at least a year to sample more and check the scene.  Was there last night and the VOLUME of the MUSIC was beyond overwhelming.  It was like a CIA tactic to torture and get us the hell out, which it did.  My friends and I were yelling at each other across the table and our waiter had to lean in and do some signing for us to communicate our order.  (I asked the young kid, 14 yo, at the table behind me if he agreed...just to check my aged ears, and he yelled, 'YES, IT'S REALLY LOUD IN HERE!', while his bewildered parents looked on b/c they couldn't hear what we were saying.)  My friends and I wanted dinner and to hang over drinks for a few hours to chat and catch up.  We left after one beer.  Such a shame b/c the place is lovely and the beer is dee-lish.  Note to management:  This is an easily and inexpensively cured problem.  Until then, buy the beer at the beer store and drink it somewhere else.This place was great! Ordered a flight and I enjoyed all of the beers I tried. Even the cider was really nice! There was sooo much on the food menu I wanted to try but unfortunately I wasn't very hungry. I shared and order of empanadas with friends and they were perfect. Definitely looking forward to going back and trying more.We had a great afternoon here! We came here on a random Saturday and were floored by how great the beers were. We took the trolley over from Fairmount and it was still ~10 minutes of a walk from the stop in a not so great part of town so we were thankful that it was 50 degrees outside and mid day but otherwise I don't know if I would make the trek without a direct Uber there or at night at all. We also enjoyed the brief but informative tour. With them being such a new brewery they flaunted that they received best new brew and best ale this past year by the top Philly food critic so I guess that says something. They also have a great start to event space and more seating on the second and third floors which we were happy to be able to see on the tour too. Can't wait to see what they do with itWe went for bottomless mimosas and blood mary's and it was worth the $25. The drinks were really good! The food on the other hand, was a-ok. My boyfriend has the cornbread waffles and that was delish! I had the grits and sausage and it was kinda gross. The bottomless mimosas kinda made up for it. I would recommend...kinda.This might be my favorite brewery in Philly at the moment.  They have a really great variety of different styles.  Did the tasting of four beers and really enjoyed all four.  Ended up getting a pint of the Foul Weather Jack.  Some of my friends got snacks and they really enjoyed their food.  Only negative was that the service was super slow at first, and we couldn't get any bottles to bring home, just growlers.  I definitely recommend adding this to your brewery tour list especially if you are going to PBC, because it's not that far.Love this place!  Awesome beer, great food, always room to sit down but never empty - so glad it's here!Relaxing and chill atmosphere with great beer! Got a tasty flight and enjoyed them all!So many things I loved about this place. So many varieties of beer to choose from (loved Buddy in the Parade), a truly varied menu (meat eaters, vegetarians, and vegans will be equally happy), a super nice staff, and just a great space and vibe. I'll absolutely be back.This spot is really nice! We got quite a few drinks here and they were great. The atmosphere is nice - not too loud. I like how you are able to see fermentation tanks through the glass near the backWOW!  This place was GREAT!  A good menu and REALLY, REALLY GREAT BEERS!  If your looking for a taproom with good food, this is the place to go!  The staff was very friendly and willing to spend the time to discuss their beers.  My wife, who isn't a big beer fan found that she enjoyed all the beers she had.  The staff asked her likes and dislikes and hit the the nail on the head with every beer they recommended.  I will be going here again and again!  If your in Philly, take the time to stop in and enjoy the beer, food, atmosphere, and a friendly staff!It's no secret that Saint Benjamin Brewing Co. Sources their hops from child slave operated dispensaries in Yakima, but that's okay. When I heard that they source their malts from discarded oatmeal factories ran by child slaves in Bolivia, I lost my mind. Cochabom MY ASS. Their beer is NOT good. Why not source your ingredients from LOCAL FARMS and support LOCAL BUSINESS. Why not get a new brewer? When you learn about where their yeast is sourced from, you'll get SICK. S I C K. That and Ben himself called me a neckbeard last time I went to have a quaff. Never going back.The beers here are excellent (though I wasn't a fan of the saffron and rosewater infused Saison du Jour IX). Their recently opened taproom is beautiful and it's amazing to hear how fast they are expanding (10x growth in beer volume planned this year). That's probably due to their new canning project.
I'm looking forward to watching their growth. 
Given that the surroundings are somewhat abandoned, parking is not a problem.Interesting location. We tried several of their beers. It's nice to do a flight here and then walk down to northern liberties and get another flight at urban village brewery. They also serve pretty good food here! I believe we got true hummus and it was awesome. Definitely felt worth a visit!This is an awesome spot if you wanna find a place to chill in Philly and sample freshly brewed beer. You're definitely going to love the decor. Beer? I'd recommend you try a float oof four samples - 3 of my favourites: Le bon bock, Transcontinental, Export stout. You're sure to love them. Also, no matter what you get from the menu, please try their fries! 
The owner, Tim is an amazing host, and he has incredible staff.This down to earth brew pub has become a weekend tradition for us. Friendly service, calm atmosphere- and without all those annoying TV's blaring everywhere! If you're a beer and arts person- this is a must visit spot.Saint Benjamin's Brewery and Taproom is in a part of North Philly I don't really know because I never had any reason to go there before.  It's in between Temple U and up-and-coming South Kensington.  I would recommend going there by car at this point but I would recommend going there.  The beers are good and the taproom is cool in a warm industrial type of way.  (I'm not sure I understand my last sentence!)  I tried a flight of beers which included a Saison, Cream Ale, Pilsner, and a Triple.  This is def a good way to be introduced to some of Saint Benjamin's beers.  In fact they have 12 of their beers on tap so you can do three flights.  Just don't be the designated driver!  They also specialize in Philly and local spirits and have a full local lineup of gins, ryes, whiskys, vodkas etc.  There is a full food menu as well.  Saint Benjamin's looks like it is here to stay.The Taproom is now open! Yesterday was my first visit for both the brew tour and food, and based on my experience I'll be back for more.
The brew tour was very simple. It felt like someone inviting you over to sample their home brew, so in that respect you might like it or hate it. I really enjoyed it and appreciated it for what it is, as it felt very homey hearing about how this previous software developer decided to go for his dreams and brew some beer. He won't go into the nitty gritty details of how beer is made, if you don't want him to ( he asked our group if we've all been to breweries before). The tour was more talking about his beer, his story, how it came to be, and how he chose the location.
The beer - was great. My SOLID favorite was the liason saison. i don't usually like saisons, but this one had such a nice hint of lavender that is amazingly refreshing, and somehow 8%, this was the winner in my book. I was ready to buy a case but they don't bottle it.. but you can get a growler of course!
The food was also great. Our whole table enjoyed our food, and service was very friendly and not at all rushing us, even though we spent a solid 2 hours there. My friends really enjoyed the homemade sausage egg and cheese sandwich and I got the risotto and mac and cheese. The risotto overall was good, but the rice was right on the edge of between undercooked and perfectly al dente, and was also a bit heavy on the salt, Outside of that, very good. Mac and cheese was pretty good, but the tomato jam is what really made it stand out, otherwise it would have been kind of bland.
Overall, I really had a great meal paired with wonderful beers and I love supporting independent businesses. Best of luck to this brewery!I came here on a weekend with some friends to grab drinks and food.  The staff are super friendly and they know their beers. But best of all, amazing food! 
They have great vegan/vegetarian options. My favorite was their veggie drumstick. My friends who aren't even vegan/vegetarian even love them.  I'd def go back just for their vege drumsticks. =)Avoid. Stopped whilst on a self made family brewery tour of the Philadelphia breweries. Horribly slow service. The bartender seemed uninterested in serving us. She stopped several times to eat her own food behind the bar. It was well over  8 minutes to get our beers, and she was only 17 feet away. There are many other better breweries to choose from folks. Avoid this one.I absolutely love this place!  It's become a bit of my "home away from home" over the past 6 weeks or so,and I adore the entire staff. The beers are top notch and I particularly enjoy mixing it up with $10 flights of 4 different brews, so I can sample everything thye make! The food is fantastic; from lunch to brunch to dinner and late night, everything I've tasted has been mouth-wateringly delicious, fresh and on point. In particular I recommend the ham and cheese on housemade pretzel bun, the mac & cheese is to die for and their summer salad with poached barley is insanely good. They have a wide selection of vegetarian items and their brunch is the bomb. If you wanna add a little sabor to your Saturday or Sunday repast, grab a house-made Michelada made with a salty seasonal and kickin' ice cubes of fresh tomato purée, cracked black pepper and horseradish. To die for and so insanely refreshing for summer!  The staff is top notch and I feel welcome and have fun every time I visit.I have been wanting to try this place ever since it moved into our neighborhood - it's only a five minute walk from where I live. On a Tuesday night, we were feeling like staying in, so we ordered some pickup via Grubhub (I'd leave a review on Grubhub, but I can't, since my order ended up getting cancelled. Read on). Arrived at the restaurant - the food we ordered was not ready, because their kitchen didn't have the items in stock. This has happened with orders from Grubhub before - in those cases, the restaurant calls me, and the order gets automatically cancelled. I understand this can happen from time to time, but here's the part that gets Saint Benjamin Brewing Company the one star review. The woman at the bar (quite rudely) said that she called "someone" and talked to them to tell them that the food wasn't in stock. Except she didn't call me - the person who placed the order, and whose number was listed on the Grubhub order. And on top of that, the order didn't get cancelled until I reached out to Grubhub's customer care team. Seems like Saint Benjamin Brewing Company had every intention of not giving me my food, and keeping my money. I was looking forward to trying the food, but I don't think I'll give them a second chance.Solid beer and great, quirky vibe. Folks were super friendly and we very much enjoyed hanging out!Chill spot! Beer, liquor and good pub food! Bar tenders are cool and there's always a playlist running in the background. Good place to bring a group of friends on a lazy Sunday.This place is great. We arrived on a Saturday afternoon and asked about a tour. The bartender told us 20-30 minutes until the next so we grabbed two seats at the bar and each had a beer. They also provided complimentary popcorn to snack on. While we saw the brewing equipment, the bartender held our seats at the bar which was great. The tour is short, maybe ten minutes, and not much to it but it's nice to hear about the history and what lies ahead. As part of the tour we also received a ticket for an 8 oz pours. We really enjoy the beers and will definitely be back!Ok - I know this brewery has been open for over 2 years - It has been on my list to visit - but there isn't anything else around it - so I haven't been motivated.  The holiday weekend prompted me to invite some friends to check it out with me.  I liked the layout - nice long bar area with plenty of tables too.  I tried the Hopligation - it was a nice clean beer with good hops - just not as strong as I like my IPA's to be.  My friends enjoyed the flights they ordered - giving good ratings to the Saisons & Pilsners.  I decided to move on the Mead titled "Wu Tang Cran - Killer Bees" - I had to jump in on that - glad I did - it was AWESOME!!  
The service was stellar - I like the vibe - so I would definitely come back to have some food - from the looks of those who ordered around us - Saint Benjamin had a full menu that looks tasty.I came here tonight for my friend's birthday; we both love Saint Benny and the beers, so we decided to go for food... BIG MISTAKE! First off, the service was ABSOLUTELY ABYSMAL. They had two people working in front and one guy spent the whole night working on the chalkboard at the door. It was a bit busy so I really didn't think that was appropriate at the time considering, but okay. The girl working came to our table TWICE in the hour and half we were there; we couldn't even get our glasses filled with water. The food came out cold and not how we ordered it at all (we didn't even get all of the food we ordered). Never mind the fact it took forever to even come. It was honestly so bad the night was ruined and we had to go for ice cream later to make up for it.
Honestly, we really liked Saint Benjamin a lot until this point; but this last visit really tarnished our view of what we felt was a great establishment. The fact that such a great brewery could have such terrible service has me considering taking my patronage elsewhereThey call this a nano brewery. I remember when this would have been a microbrewery, but now the microbreweries are getting pretty big. As I understand, Saint Benjamin only opens once a month for tours and tastings. Parking is on the street and a bit hard to come by. Their beer is excellent. The oversized garage they're in is quaint and the folks there are very friendly. It was still warm when I visited so the doors were open and we sat on large picnic tables to enjoy with our chips. Rumor suggests they're growing quickly and may need a bigger space. Let's hope that's true.I went to check this place out on Saturday with my boyfriend. The inside of the bar looked great and the staff was very friendly. We tried a few beers and especially enjoyed the coffee kolcsh. It was a light beer with a coffee flavor, very easy and unique. I would definitely recommend this place if you want to experience an awesome local brewing company!The tour was great, and we got free vouchers for an 8oz pour. We even went back later that evening for more beers. I loved the ambiance - it was part industrial, part old-world (exposed brick walls, dim lighting, dark wood furniture and bar) and the beers were phenomenal. The brewery cat was pretty adorably grumpy.Saint Benjamin has is ALL.  Great Staff, Wonderful food and atmosphere you can relax in.My friends and I went here yesterday afternoon (Saturday) for a few drinks and lunch. Street parking was easy and the space has a very cool vibe. It was very crowded, so hard to secure a table for 6 but we finally did. So far so good, but what happened next is why I am only giving 3 stars. The service is beyond terrible. There were two servers on the floor, which should be adequate for the number of tables. It took the one server at least 10 minutes to stop by to take our drink orders, and a half hour later we still did not have our drinks. I almost got the impression that we were marked as "outsiders" and were purposely being ignored since other tables were getting food and drinks with no problem. She would just walk right by us without even stopping to say our drinks were on the way - nothing. I finally went up to the bar to place our order, the guy behind the bar noticed I came from a table and said our server would help us. I explained that we were waiting for our order for 30 minutes and he finally got her attention to bring us our drinks. She brought one beer over and walked away. Finally we got our drinks. All of the beers we had were very good, they are a solid Brewery. I read about the fried peanuts online and we ordered them for the table, addictive!!!  You eat the shell and all, sounds weird but I'm telling you, they are not to be missed. Everyone loved their food, and once we ordered food our table service picked up so we did end up having a great time. I would recommend this place, but be prepared to wait. Maybe sit at the bar.If this place was supposed to be a destination brewery or was advertised as having an amazing menu (or was located further away from a vacant lot where they store broken pallets), this might be 3 or 4 stars. But it's getting 5 from me for being a complete surprise and delight. Go in with no pre-conceptions, enjoy a solid meal and delicious beer. Their Wit is by far the best American brewed Wit I've ever had. (They need to bring the Steam Beer back though)Came here for the beer, first four off the list are by far the best. We did a 3 flights to try them all so we know hehe. Food menu looked great but we had just eaten when we arrived but I think we will be coming back to try it out. The "tour" was just meh but it was short so it was okay. Conclusion: nice local brewery with a good menu but nothing out of this world.Went here for their brunch special and it was great! You can go back and forth with your drink choices and the food was really good. It wasn't awfully crowded which was nice because you didn't feel rushed to leave. I definitely will go back and partake another time.I returned to Saint Benjamin on a Tuesday evening a few weeks ago because I happened to be driving by. I was pleasantly surprised. The bartender was very attentive, very engaged. The atmosphere, the space is great as always. I realize now that my bad review prior from 8 months ago was more a review of that specific bartender, and should not be an indicator of this place overall. This is an important vibrant anchor in an upcoming neighborhood touching on many other already risen and rising neighborhoods. So crucial to the development of this city, Saint Benjamin is a star.Was really blown away by this place. The decor is great! The food was excellent. I had the pork tacos. And the "french fries" are so good and fun. Purple and sweet and well regular fries in there as well! I had the foul weather jack and loved it. I found it refreshing and rich. I was told since I love Corsendonk to try the Le Bon Bock! I'm a light weight so I'll just have to go back to try that! Can't wait!My wife and I went to Saint Benjamin for the first time today.  The brewpub is located in an old industrial building.  It has maintained its industrial look.  The place is clean, and not cluttered.  There are 12 beers on tap, plus 6 packs you can take home, as well as two types of reserve bottles.  Anything on tap can be taken home in a 32oz or 64oz growler.  I tried the Ben's Cream Ale, and my wife had a Junto.  While it is strictly a matter of individual taste, we both liked the beers we ordered.  Likewise, we ordered food, and again, it's a matter of individual taste.  I had the mushroom spinach risotto, with a side of cheese grits, and the mrs ordered the veggie, egg, and cheese sandwich.  We liked what we ordered overall.  As a side note, the risotto I ordered had onions in it, and I am allergic to onions.  Onions were not listed in the description of the dish, so I didn't think anything of it, but perhaps I should have known better and asked beforehand.  I didn't bother sending the dish back, though.  I enjoyed what I ate.  My wife enjoyed what she ordered as well.  It did take a very long time for our food to come, and the place was not that busy.  Our server, who was friendly, did apologize to us for the delay, and said the beers we ordered would be taken off our bill.  Fair enough.  We ordered a 32oz growler of export stout to take home.  Regarding the growlers, they use a simple screw-on cap, which in my experience lets out the carbonation rather quickly.  So, you have to consume the beer quickly (as in same day), or you will end up with flat beer.  Overall, though, we liked this place and will return. The prices were very reasonable. For those of you who are interested, they also do tours of the brewery on Saturdays.We were doing a brewery/brewpub crawl in town and heard lots of good things about St. Benjamin's. It is located in a somewhat industrial part of Kensington, but don't let that deter you. Of note, they recently moved locations and Waze took me to the wrong, original location. First time Waze has ever led me astray...sigh! So we took a "scenic" walk...watching the expression on my parents' face was worth the detour...lol. It is located in a historic building that has blessedly retained the original exposed brick. Tours are free; flights are $10 for 4 nice, sized pours. Nice selection of all kinds of beers. I am the eternal designated driver, but the primary Yelper...so those looking for more detail on the beers will have to read other reviews. The food was really, really good! Our party ordered goat cheese and beet salads, cheese and charcuterie, fries, and these addictive fried chipotle peanuts. Our server was sweet and attentive, despite being very busy with a bus full of folks on a brew tour. Really nice way to while away a few hours.Came here as part of my friends bachelor party and everything was amazing. Beth was tremendous with setting everything up for us (we had a group of over 20 guys) and giving us a great deal with the flights for everyone. The beers and meads were off the chart and the food was incredible. I suggest the Avast IPA and the Soft Pretzel Ham and Cheese Sandwich. Everyone there truly catered to our every need and I can't wait to get back there. I truly cannot say enough about how amazing the staff was! Thank you St Benjamins, a brewery I hope will continue to grow in popularity because they are exceptional in every aspect!!!Tried their beers for the first time at a home brew competition. The beers are good. Reasonably priced and a nice location. Haven't tried the food before but I hear it's a winner!This hidden gem is the BEST!!  We've had dinner there a handful of times and have never been disappointed with the food, beer selection and service.  Last night I ordered the Creamy Tomato Soup w/ Grilled Cheese and it was sooo good.  I'm wondering if they put crack in the soup because I want lots more of it.
Definitely check this place out!!I am a local and have started to frequent this place a bit more with the warmer weather coming our way. They are constantly cycling through these incredibly well concocted different beers. They also have an extensive and varied menu that includes ridiculously good vegan food. The kitchen seems to be open until 2 - same hours as the bar right up to close. Have yet to come here for brunch since I'm a musician and have essentially an opposite sleep cycle so I tend to miss it, but one of these days... everyone who works here has a unique personality and sometimes I feel like I'm part of the crew because of how easily we banter back and forth.Such a cute little brewery in North Philly! I've been here a few times but last weekend was my first "All you can brunch"....don't know why I waited so long! $25 for an entree, on the smaller side (go for the burger), but the potatoes are great! There's more though...all you drink Mimosas and Bloody Mary's! Totally recommend the passion fruit mimosa. Also their bloody mix is homemade and they have some awesome choices, I had a couple bacon ones...very yummy! I will definitely be back for their beer and another Sunday Funday! Brunch is only in sundays FYI. Four stars because I wish they had more space!! Not great for large groups, show up early for brunch (starts at 11)!I first met owner, Tim Patton at a Yelp event, when he was sampling his pre-brewery, home brewed product. I figured I'd be polite and try the beer of a local guy trying to make good. 
What followed was me reeling from having tasted the best beer I've ever sipped and I've been a fan, and have followed and encouraged St Benjamin's success at every level. 
And that success hasn't changed, Tim, his partners and staff, and most importantly, the beer...at least not negatively. Because there have been some changes over the years. Lord yes! 
I highly recommend a visit to the brewery, for their monthly Saturday tours. They really hook you up, and the atmosphere is really friendly. 
Until recently, these tours and knowing where St Ben's was on tap were the only way to get this amazing product. Now, I'm more than happy to report that their brewpub has opened up on the premises , so you can have this Philly Gem , whenever you want (within reason and open hours). 
It was only about a year ago that I remember peeking in the area that would be a brew pub. Let's just say it needed a lot of work. And work it got. I'm blown away at how quickly and thoroughly the job was accomplished. The place is beautiful. 
I sat at the bar , ordered a beer and looked at the menu. I was meeting friends later at Sketch for a burger, so I wasn't in the market for a meal but I'll definitely come back to try some of the great looking specials. 
I did order the hot, spicy peanuts, which were addictive , to say the least. And I sat, eating nut after nut, sipping one of the most perfect beers Fair Weather Jack, and couldn't help being transported back to the time when I first tried St Ben's, when my eyes and taste buds were opened to how good beer could be.I love everything about St. Benjamin's! I haven't had a bad or average beer yet  and I  have tried many. The French fries are the best, the risotto dish makers my belly happy,  Tim Patton did a real class restoration of the building, restoring most of the building using  the architect's blueprints, NO TELEVISION.  But each bartenders' playlists have a groovy pub vibe...classic rock, urban music, singer-songwriter stuff contributes to a fun environment.  But Tim knows that staff, front and back house, are crucial to the success of the tap room.  Because I  live two doors down,  I visit frequently and this  is out of character for me  to go out alone.   It may be cliche, but the staff truly know me...honestly,  I  am afraid that I will spontaneously break out singing the song from "Cheers," because  "Everybody knows your name (and.mine.) "One of the best brew pubs in Philly.  Awesome beer, food (vegan options too) and service.   Cool vibe and nice place to chill.Best boozy brunch in the city. Bottomless mimosas and bloody Mary's on Sunday, and the biggest draw for me- VEGAN OPTIONS.Small and relatively new brewery. The tour was brief but informative. The highlight though was the option to have most on the menu as sets of flight samplers. Since I was with a group, we ended up sampling a flight of ALL the beers on the regular menu. It was incredible and by far the most experiential learning part of our day of tours at various breweries. The differences between each beers could be tasted, we all had our funky favorites, and it was cool to distinguish the different tasting notes between different styles of beers. Reasonable price too, and located near Yards.The atmosphere is a charming reflection of the old Philadelphia neighborhood in which it resides. The tap room is brand new and the staff are very friendly. They have a nice selection of house beers and I enjoyed their bold and daring variations on traditional styles.Very good apps and even better beer! I would highly recommend checking them out. One of my favorite breweries in the cityIf you feel like driving through the projects to get to a brewery, then try this place. This brewery is in a really bad neighborhood, so make sure you bring your pepper spray or other means of self protection. When you walk in, you realize this place is literally the epitome of hipster. Beers are on the expensive side (20 for 2 flights!). If you like saisons, then try this place. Otherwise, not much else is worth your time.Tried the Not for nuthin lager and bicentennial cream ale. Enjoyed both. Love the ambiance.As I delve further into the Philly beer scene, I'm constantly amazed at the quality of variety watering holes around the city. St. Benjamin's has been on my radar for some time, but located in a slightly obscure area in a part of the city I don't venture frequently, I've not had the right opportunity to check it out. The Eagles NFC Championship game proved to be the great chance - upon seeing the advertised Facebook event, my friends and I were stoked to check it out and watch the game. 
Huge perk of this place is the plethora of parking. However, the caveat being that there really isn't much else in the immediate surrounding area, should you get bored of this place. We wanted to be early for the watch party, but when we walked in around 5 for the 6:40pm kickoff, we were taken aback for many reasons; the most glaring? There was no TV. How do you have a watch party without TV(s). Additionally, the place was empty. Literally one person at the bar. (Upon inquiring, we were told that while they didn't have a TV, they had a large hidden projected screen that would be rolled down for game time- but I found it odd that the AFC game wasn't playing.)
The space is really cute, trendy, and perfect for dinner or a date. However, we were expecting more fans, and we really were seeking some of the infamous Philly rowdiness. We decided to order a round of beers and feel it out. Maybe we were just too early? However, as we sipped our beers and the clock neared 6 without another soul entering, we decided the vibe wasn't right for what we were seeking. 
The beer was fantastic; I had the Ultraviolet Grisette, and my friends had the pilsner. We were all satisfied with both taste and price point. The brews were smooth and flavorful with $4 8oz pours and $6-7 pints. The beer, cocktail, and food menus were all super impressive. I've heard great things about the eats here, and I'd be very keen to come back.
We didn't know what to expect, and clearly St. Benjamin's doesn't pride itself on being a sports bar. This place is awesome, but just not what we wanted for the night. I'd be keen to come here again, it's a very chill vibe and the beers are tasty.Where do I begin?! I love this place. The inside of brew pub part is so nice. Great service from a laid back staff. I prefer to sit at the bar but to each their own. There isn't a bad seat in the place. Food is pretty great. Definitely in line with the latest food trends of farm to table, vegan/gluten free friendly, and always good quality. That being said... its a little pricey for what I'm looking for when going to a brewery (great for a date spot though!). 
We haven't even gotten to the beers yet. They have some great staple beers are always rotating new delicious beers into their tap list. They make all their own beers. They have liquor available too AND its all from craft distilleries in and around PA. 
Pro Tip: They have the best city wide in the city for the price. Where can you get a craft beer and a craft spirit for $5?!? Do it. You won't be disappointed.So me and the little lady wandered over to the city the other day. We wanted a real Philly experience but without the big city cost. After browsing the web a bit, we decided to go to Saint Ben's. We walked in and were delighted by both the music and the atmosphere. Who wants to go somewhere they just feel like a number? The bartender, Andrew, immediately made us feel at home by offering a great selection of beer and wine. I wanted something a little stiffer, so I challenged him to make the best old fashioned and boy, did he succeed. The food was wonderful, wifey was happy, and overall it was a successful night out. Can't wait for the next time we head over the bridge! Looking forward to seeing Andrew behind the bar for those amazing cocktails and fantastic beer and wine knowledge.I love this place! It's hardly ever crowded (except on Bingo night) They have great beer and snacks, definitely a great place to hang out with a group of friends. Not too loud and you're able to sit in a casual, relaxed setting. Highly recommend.This is such a great brewery! For now, it's a small "nano brewery" as they call it, but in the next year they're planning to open a brew pub which I'm sure will be awesome! My friends and I came here for a tour today and had a great time. Right when you walk in, a staff member will give you 6 tickets for sampling beers. You need to choose wisely because they have more than 6 beers on tap. My absolute favorite was their Liaison Saison, which is a lavender saison...it is SO GOOD!!! I actually had 2 samples of it because I loved it so much. I also liked the Troubleshooter IPA and surprisingly their Koffee Kolsch, which was a very light beer that tastes just like coffee. I generally don't like Kolsches, but this one was actually good. Their plain saison without the lavender was also very tasty.
They only offer tours a couple times a month on Saturdays, so be sure to check the website or call them to confirm before you come. The tour itself was pretty laid back. Our guide asked us if we wanted the "how to make beer" spiel or just some info about their brewery. Our group had all been on many brewery tours before, so we skipped the general info and he just talked about Saint Benjamin's. They have a good story and are all about brewing quality beer. 
You can buy 32 and 64 oz growlers here at reasonable prices. I didn't get one this time because I was biking home and it was logistically too challenging, but next time, I will definitely get a growler of the Liaison Saison!Love love this bar! The staff was amazing, friendly, and fun! We ordered the cheese board, brisket sandwich, pork tacos and my favorite strawberry shortcake made with beer who knew!!! We are definitely going back soon! You must check this place out you won't be disappointedI'm here sitting at saint benjamins. It's been 35 minutes since I've arrived and I still don't have a beer. I went to the bartender twice but she gave me a too-cool-for-school attitude and said I had to go through the waitress. Rude. There's about 50 people here with one server for the whole room. This place might have good beer but they are not adequately staffed and seriously need to work on their customer service. Will not be returning any time soon.
As an update, the owner did offer us a free brewery tour to make up for the slow service. Plus one star.Excellent place. Very interesting space, lots of original art hanging throughout. Good food, good brews, and excellent service. First time here, will return if in the area. Worth a visit.Another hidden gem in the city! I'm not a huge fan of beer but they have a great selection and actually have pretty great food along with amazing hoursWe ate there once at the bar, and loved it. So we decided to take our daughter and her fiancé for dinner. Big mistake! we sat down and ordered beer and appetizers right away. Two beers came out after five minutes. Five minutes later or appetizers came out, then a couple minutes later the other two beers came out.  The whole time we were waiting for our beverages, we watched the bartender standing behind the bar doing nothing, or moving glasses around. We tried to make eye contact but she would not look over.  When our appetizers came out, we asked the waitress if the rest of the beverages were coming. She said, oh yes they are ready. But they weren't ready because it took another five minutes, nothing was sitting over on the end waiting to come to our table. I would be sympathetic if the place was packed.   There were only two people sitting at the bar, and a few tables full but with people who were finishing their food so they weren't in need of bar service.   The food is great, and the beer is great, so it's a real shame that we will never go back.Great day in the city on a brewery tour. Beer was great at Saint Benjamin- loved the DIPA and the Old Skool. Kate was the best bartender of the day. She let us try several samples and was very knowledgeable.This was the 6th stop of my philly brewery tour. I got the porter, and it was delicious, and straightforward. Their food menu is fantastic as well. I got the Tex-mex tater tots with pulled pork, and it was the perfect pair.We had such a great time at Saint Benjamin Brewing this past Saturday night. The place was busy but not so much that we couldn't get a table for 6. There is a bar that seats about 10 and 8 - 12 tables in the tasting room. 
Here is what we learned:
+ Saint Benjamins has some great beers (INca Cream and Foul Weather Jack = 10/10)
+ Flights of 4 beers for $10 (4oz pours)
+  Perfect menu of just type type of food you want to eat with Beer (Burgers, Pizza, Pulled Pork) 
- The "Bratwurst" on the pretzel bun was like breakfast sausage #strangeWhen reviewing Saint Benjamin Brewing Company, you have to start with an understanding that, at this point, it is a pure, functional brewery.  This should be  obvious from the fact that they are only open for tours one saturday per month.  The staff at the brewery did mention that they plan to both expand the tasting room and open a restaurant in the near future, but the only thing there now is a ten-top picnic bench and, of course, many beer samples.  
If you take the tour, it includes several beer samples.  If you opt out of the tour, you can put together a reasonable sampler of four of their on tap selections or order full-sized beer (or beers) of your choosing.  I would say based on their selection on my recent visit that St. Benjamin focuses on Saison.  They had several Saison du Jour's (as the waitress in Dumb and Dumber would say, 
it's the saison of the day") on offer during our last visit, and all I tried were tasty.  
I didn't find much to complain about with the beer options, and was particularly impressed with the unique Koffee Kolsch--a very light and refreshing coffee enhanced beer.  It was a nice change from the heavier-tasting porters and stouts you normally expect when ordering a coffee beer.  The Hopligation was good, but I did not get the "high hop bitterness" that was described.  But, perhaps my tastebuds are completely desensitized after years of ordering Thai hot food at Circles.  No one in my group liked the Inca, which is made with corn.
All in all the beer at this brewery is largely delicious and I'm excited for the brewpub to open next door.These folks offer a nice flight/sampler of their beers - I think it was something like 4 or 5 selections for a reasonable price. All their drinks can also come in 8 oz or 16 oz glasses in case you want to try a bunch of stuff. The service is great and the vibe is nice. It was relatively empty on a Saturday around 8pm. Foul Weather Jack was what I settled with, and I liked it a lot, so I'll be back for the beer.
I can attest that the food was just absolutely horrible, however. My friend had a nice french onion soup, but the Pork Pibil Tacos were dry and had wayyy too much pickled onions on it. The fries were horrendous too - soggy and super thin.
They apparently have free tours on Saturday afternoons.
So yes, back for beer, but never for food.This review of Saint Benjamin was for my Sunday visit, which involved the "bottomless" brunch that I certainly indulged in. It's such a good deal! $25 for a breakfast entree (typically run between 12-14) and as many bloodies or mimosas as you can drink. I got the huevos rancheros and mimosas(mango, classic, passion fruit) and my fiancé got the breakfast burger and bloodies. I would definitely give this place a full 5 stars if the huevos I ate had more vegetables and less beans. The plate was beautiful, eggs perfectly cooked, but it was heavy handed on the beans and therefore slightly bland. My fiancé absolutely loved his burger, and the bartenders were great company and gave us exactly the right amount of attention. Overall, I think it's worth a stop in, especially on a Sunday.Between 2 and 3. Initial walk in was warm and inviting. We ordered 2 flights. They were both wrong. Our new waiter corrected everything. Angus burger was cooked correctly, didnt care  for sesame seed roll. Bratwurst patty, house made had a good taste, both sandwiches came with 3 variety of shoestring fries, room temp and greasy. Beers were not great to ok. The Saison de Jour XI and Rye IPA were the best and most interesting. Table service was at tentative. Music LOUD AND OBNOXIOUS. Bathrooms clean.We initially came here in the early afternoon to pick up a sixth for a party that evening, but decided to stay and have lunch as well, while walking around South Kensington. There's not too much around in the neighborhood, but as we walked into the restaurant area, it was pretty busy and packed, which was a very big contrast from the emptiness outside. There were quite a few taps in the bar area, and everyone in the bar seemed to really be enjoying themselves.
We opted to just sit at the bar instead of doing the brewery tour, and I went for the flight of beers to start. I really liked the Inca, and the Transcontinental, which was good, since that was the sixth we ordered. There were a lot of other beers that I don't remember, but I distinctly remember that, of all the beers that I managed to try, there weren't any that I particularly disliked.
As for food, I got the burger, medium rare of course, while also opting for some Brussels sprouts to be healthy. The burger was pretty standard but delicious, and came with purple and sweet potato fries, which was a little wrinkle to your average pub food. The bartender was very busy throughout our meal, so service was a little spotty, but given that it was a bit packed, it wasn't so bad. The prices for the flight is very reasonable, and I'd recommend it, since you can try 4 different beers at a great value. They let you try a lot of things for free, so just remember to tip.
The sixth we got ended up being a huge hit amongst the partygoers, so we know we're getting some quality beer from Saint Benjamin. Will definitely be back to try their other seasonal beers and food. The neighborhood isn't really great for going out obviously, but as I tend to hang around Northern Liberties, it's not too far of a walk away.