Cute little place, friendly wait staff (Andy!), and a BYO! Pretty good food, but a tad pricey. I'll probably be back.
--Possibly the star of the meal: the free bread and the stuff they serve it with to dip...I'm writing this a while after but I think it was like a pesto but like maybe with tomatoes? I can't remember, but I remember bugging the waiter (I'm sorry!!!) on two different occasions to bring more. It was SO GOOD.
--Mozzarella antipasti (warm red peppers with mozzarella and a vinaigrette): it was good! But in my opinion not worth the $9 again.
--"gnocchi crema di gamberi" (ricotta gnocchi with shrimp and cream sauce): I ordered it without the shrimp because I don't like shrimp unless it's deep fried. It was pretty good! Although it probably would have been better if I liked shrimp because it got a little boring after a while. Good serving size though. I will say I've probably had the same dish at a dozen other restaurants though.
--"Orrechiette al'anatra" (little ear pasta, shredded braised duck, thyme, shaved grana): This was super delicious! The duck was yummy, although it probably could have used a bit more, but the sauce that it all comes in (it's almost like a soup actually) is so darn flavorful. And the grana pretty much tastes like parmesan (it very well could have been parmigiano-reggiano), and was given in a couple hearty shavings! Yum! Only issue was that it was served way below the temperature that it should have been. Between lukewarm and cold.
My main complaints were the slight over pricing, and the fact that the duck dishes came out on the cold side. Other than that, it is a great little place, and only right across the river from me! Woohoo!I came here with my three friends and I DO NOT recommend it.   Better BYOB's than this.
We had reservations for 8:30 and showed up a little early.  The guy at the door said that our table wasn't ready yet and we said that was fine. There was a larger private party in the main room but there was an open table in the very front. They told use we could eat there if we wanted. We said we would wait for our table and have a drink, They said that was fine and even got us glasses. We were not sitting more that 2 minutes before another man who worked there came over very abruptly and told us we had to move outside or the hallway because the large group had rented the whole room and may not want us there. We said fine and had no problem going outside and waiting. The guys said he would go  "kick the table out" which I found quite strange and we said that we were in no rush. This man turned out to be the reason I will not go back.
When we got outside there was bistro table and a park bench. My friends and I sat on the bench and it broke. I fell to the ground and ripped my dress on the metal. We all were laughing and joking about it but we said we should let them know so no one gets hurt and they fix it.  They came out and took us to our table in the back room.  When we got to our table I told our waiter (same guy that kicked us out) what happened on the bench and he said quite rudely that I should not have sat on it because it was for "aesthetics" and what should he do. Put a sign on it???? I was kind of taken aback but didn't say anything since he was going to be our server. 
The meal itself was ok. My one friend had the shrimp and gnocci which was good, another had the eggplant marinara which was also good. My other friend and I have the Linguini alla pugliese and it was terrible. It was bland and tasted fishy (which I see other thought too).  I will say we did not wait long for our meal and the rest of the servers and bussers were very friendly.  Our bill came and despite his rudeness all evening,  we tipped him 20%, because we always do.  He came to us and thanked us for the tip. I guess he figured he we were going to stiff him or knew he was rude.
I was still upset about his comment and asked to speak to the manager because I felt that his attitude was poor and I wanted to let them know about the bench.  Turns out he was the manager!!  I told him that I felt his comments were rude since I only told him about the bench and my dress so know one else would get hurt, He then preceded to ask me for the receipt of my dress!  I told him it was not about the money and he replied "it's always about the money." He spoke down to me and kept saying it's about the money. I couldn't believe him and was very offended. 
I have been to a bunch of BYOB's in philly and have never been treated this way before.  I also have had MUCH better food. Don't waste your time here. You can get better value elsewhere and be treated with respect.  You can look at my other reviews if you need suggestions. 
Reading the other reviews for this place, it seems that this is a trend and many complain of a rude server/manager. Looks like the servers don't like when you use a groupon either.  This is something I think the owners should look into.This is a great BYO for a large group, especially if you need a last minute reservation. The restaurant is very spacious and serves up consistently delicious food. 
Salento is the sister establishment of the smaller, South Philly L'Angolo Ristorante, which is one of my favorite BYOs/Italian restaurants in the city. The menu is similar, but with enough variety in both the menu and the vibe to ensure a different experience. 
The calamari and the pan-seared artichokes are definite must haves off of the appetizer menu, and I've always enjoyed the pasta dishes here. I had the Linguini ai frutti di mare on Saturday night, which is my go-to pasta dish at any restaurant, and this is consistently one of the better versions. Also can't go wrong with their homemade pappardelle. 
You and your group can stay as long as you want, without feeling rushed. The service is on-point and unobtrusive. And it's also far enough off the heavily trafficked areas of Rittenhouse that you feel like you've discovered something fabulous.I have never had a bad meal at Salento.  Every time I have been there I have been impressed.  
This last time I took advantage of the prefix menu that they offer Sundays, and Tuesdays through Thursdays.  The prefix is basically the full menu - you can choose an appetizer, entree, and dessert..and only for 27 dollars!  The caesar salad was classic but good, and not overdressed.  The sauteed mussel appetizer was in a delicate white wine broth that you will definitely need some extra bread to sop up the broth.  But the thing that keeps me coming back is the pork chop milanese.  The plate comes with two pork chops pounded flat, breaded and pan fried with an arugula salad on top.  Finally, the pumpkin mascarpone cheesecake was light and airy - a bit hit!  Everyone at the table enjoyed everything.  Will be back soon for sure.As a recent graduate in the city of Philly, I've been to a good number of Italian BYOs with my college friends. This is definitely my go-to restaurant, with the friendly and amazing service, the delicious and wide-variety of food and the great atmosphere. It is located in a great place, has a back room for larger parties, and smaller tables in the main room for smaller parties. They take reservations, and are extremely friendly when taking you in. 
The last time I went was for a graduation dinner, and they helped me celebrate by giving us a free dessert. It was adorable and so suitable given the occasion. 
I recommend the calamari and clams for appetizers, and the duck pasta, eggplant, and gnocchi for entrees.I went here with some friends on a Thursday night.  The decor was nice, the waiters were Italian, my food was pretty good.  But -
The waiters are creepy.  As someone else said, they do have that that whole "I'm a foreign Italian guy with an Italian accent and I know you think I'm cute" thing going on, but I'm not sure why that recommends them.  Our waiter 'Andy' shamelessly flirted with every girl at our table, paying more attention to them the drunker they seemed.  He then tried to set his 'cousin' and 'friends' up with us to 'have a good time.'  I asked the cousin about where he was from, etc, and his response was 'whatever Andy said.'  I asked what that meant, and he replied 'I don't know what story he told you, so I'm not saying anything.'  The cousin/friends/waiter tried to get us to get into cabs with them and go 'downtown' after smoking like fiends in the back room throughout the meal.   They just gave of the skeeziest, creepiest vibe ever.  I certainly won't be going back.  Ever.
I did like my gnocchi quite a bit, but the taste may not be for everyone.  I loved it because it tasted exactly like the extremely cheesy mac'n'cheese your mom makes for you when you're a kid, yet it had a nice, acceptably grown-up name so I didn't feel bad about eating it.The interior of Salento is kind of shabby, with some tired old tapestries strewn about the walls. The drop ceiling didn't help.
I thought the waiter was a bit rude to my mother, who is hard of hearing. He started to outright shout with megaphone hands when we asked him to speak up.
The prie fixe was a poor value so I went with the Pollo alla Griglia which was decent. The artichoke appetizer was very good. The other members of my party were satisfied as well.
If someone invited me to Salento I would go but there are better Italian restaurants in the city. However, one advantage of Salento is that parking on that section of Walnut is pretty easy.I passed this place so many times in the past 6 years that its open, but never paid it no mind.. not anymore..
Last week we went there for dinner for the first time and we already have reservation for the next. The food, service and atmosphere is awesome.
We shared an appetizer - the grilled octopus which was flavorful and cooked just right (most places make it so rubbery) and for dinner I had the lamb shank which was phenomenal!!! and my fiance had their fish special which was good too, but we both devour my dish - the food portion is pretty generous so we both were really full just from that.. still, we ordered the lemon cheese cake for dessert and it was really refreshing.
Our waiter was the nicest guy and the entire staff is very attentive - highly recommended!!I would not recommend this restaurant to anyone and actually tell people to avoid it.  The only one bright spot in the whole experience was our waiter who was attentive and helpful. 
The manager was absolutely horrible. He accused one of my fellow dinner companions of trying to get money out of him.  He even was shocked at the normal tip we gave saying he wasn't expecting it (obviously he knew he had given poor customer service).  We didn't want the waiter to be slighted out of a tip because the restaurant and manager was horrible.
I ordered the Linguine Alla Pugilese and as soon as it was sat down in front of me, it smelled like the back bay at the shore.  Another person at our table ordered the same thing, and hers didn't look as bad, as the sauce on mine had s light film on the top which appeared to be from sitting too long.
Don't go!!  There are plenty of other worth while BYOBs in Philly that you will have a better meal at.I have given 1 star not because of the food, but because of the service.
The billing practices were one of the most ridiculous I have experienced. Charged $2.5 for each member of a party if you brought a birthday cake and asked them to serve, as well as $6 for sharing a dish between two people. 
They can do much better on the experience to get more repeat visits. Surely not a place friendly towards group dinners.I'm amazed this restaurant hasn't been reviewed already.  It's a quality Italian place with reasonable prices; I paid $40 for 2.5 courses (app, entree, shared dessert).  It's in Fellini's old location, next to the Roosevelt, and it's a BYOB.  It's usually fairly busy, and seems to have plenty of regulars already.  The space is warm and cheerful without being crowded or noisy.  I can vouch for the shrimp special app, the gnocchi entree, the pork special entree, and the choc torte and pumpkin-thing desserts.  My friends have had about half the rest of the menu so far and keep coming back.  Top marks all round -I originally booked a reservation at 9, and didn't sit down until 9:45. The waitress was subpar at best, but the service collectively made up for it. The food does take some time, but the accommodated bread and sauce held us over. I ordered the lobster ravioli, which was exquisite. The serving sizes are enough to fill and overall I would say the experience was above average. It is quite expensive thoughGreat BYO, ok food. Service leaves much to be desired.
As a student in the Philadelphia area, I've visited Salento many times for BYOs (it's one of the most popular BYO destinations). However, I really wish that BYOs could take place at other restaurants given the sheer mediocrity of the restaurant, as well as its high prices.
Though it doesn't really matter if you are drunk, the food at Salento is only ok, particularly when prices are consistently $20+ for entrees. Dessert is delicious and the BYO experience is good, but I haven't had an entree here that I'd consider worth the price. The food is well executed in preparation, but nothing special.
The biggest beef I have with Salento is the service. For some weird reason, I've only ever been served by one waiter, a young guy who is an absolute creep with the girls and a jerk to every guy at the table.
Also, due to some sort of B.S. policy, you HAVE to order an entree. One of my friends only wanted a salad but was barred from doing so because that "violated policy." Whatever happened to "the customer is always right"?
Salento's can get pretty rowdy, especially if there are other BYOs there (and there often are). For that reason, I would only suggest coming here for BYO purposes, not for simply dinner.
Tolerable as a BYO. But there are far better options.This restaurant has been redeemed in my opinion. 1 fantastic experience and 1 horrible experience later.
The first time I went, I was asking the waiter (who likes to crack jokes a lot) about whether certain dishes were vegetarian but on accident ended up ordering a dish that had meat. Not sure why he didn't realize to point out that I had ordered a meat dish (since it was in italian, didn't know) when I had spent the last five minutes asking if things were vegetarian.
Anyhoo once the food came out, I was surprised and the waiter acted like I was dumb and said it was clearly PASTA A LA _______ (forgot the italian name) which is *clearly* a meat dish. He grudgingly took it back and made something vegetarian which was just cold pasta with sauce and cheese. Extremely lackluster. To make it worse, once I got the check, the restaurant charged me double for my dish and refused to take it off saying the second dish I had ordered was actually $27. Which didn't make any sense because that was more than any meat dish they serve.
Trip #2: Actually didn't know it was the same place (since friends chose the restaurant and just tagged along) until I saw the same waiter this time! But my friends knew the place well, and I ordered a dish that was no longer on the menu -- crispy gnocchi with pan-seared mushrooms. This was amazingly good considering I don't usually like gnochhi. Love. And it only cost $17 this time so I was very happy.
Though the waiter did mess up another girl's order again. Very incompetent.
Probably won't go back, unless my friends happen to choose it again.The cold squid and potato appetizer came drowning in a pool of vinaigrette that was too strong for my tastes. My pasta with wild boar ragu was much better and my friend's duck was a well executed med-rare. Cute ceiling branch light fixtures, but for BYOs I'd rather go to Melograno. I was surprised that I didn't like Salento as much as it's older sister L'Angolo in south philly.We first started visiting Salento over a year ago for restaurant week, and have been going back regularly ever since. Its become our go-to place for birthdays (ok, MY birthday) and our favorite place to go on a Friday evening after a rough week at work.
Although we have our favorites (wink, wink) the entire wait staff is excellent and the food is outstanding. You can't go wrong with the specials for apps or dinner, and make sure to check out the sorbet or gelato for dessert; it changes seasonally and I can't wait for the sour apple to come back!
Since its a BYOB the prices are always lower than you would expect for a delicious multi-course meal.Definitely one of the worst Italian BYOs in the city. I think the BYO is the only redeeming aspect of this so called restaurant and that is the only reason why I have come here more than once. I have been here twice and both times I have been extremely disappointed.
Service: Extremely slow and our waiter was nowhere to be found. We had to call him over to order and then we saw him again when we asked for the check. Other people filled our glasses but I definitely think they could do a lot better. Our food also took more than 30 minutes to come out.
Food: In one word: bland. I have ordered the seafood fettuccine and the grilled chicken and both were ridiculously bland in addition to the chicken being overcooked. I dont think they know what seasoning is to be honest. The portions were large but a lot of bland food does not equal good food.
Overall I think this restaurant leaves a lot to be desired. They will continue to stay in business because they are an italian BYO that accommodates large parties but the food is bland, overcooked, expensive and the service is sub-par. Just know what you are getting into when you come here.I live around the corner from this place, which is located somewhat on the outskirts of Center City's foodie nexus. Finally gave it a try when, around 9:30 on a Saturday night, we got the munchies and realized nearly everyone else was closed or closing.
There were a couple of full tables in the restaurant, but it was definitely on the empty side considering the time of night (I would have been expecting more tables lingering over dessert etc). I usually see that as a warning bell, but hey, we were here and hungry, might as well give it a shot. We were seated promptly by a quirky and charming waiter, who wasn't trying too hard to be either. Being greeted with smiles and a "don't worry about it" when strolling in around the time their kitchen closes was certainly a relief--you all know the looks when you're given a table but you also know you're about to be seriously rushed.
No rush here. We ordered our appetizers (mussels and grilled Romaine) and the management, distraught that we were sitting down to a meal without wine, brought us some from the back room on the house. That's just *nice*. Appetizers were delicious: I liked my Romaine way more than I liked my beau's mussels, but she liked them just fine. The crispy-charred Romaine came with a perfect balsamic reduction and soft blue cheese--to. die. for.
For mains, we both opted for the specials: she got a catfish-like non-catfish (can't remember the name of it) over shrimp ravioli, and I got a seafood mixed grill (salmon, calamari, shrimp). Our food arrived in a timely fashion, with the manager swinging by for a chat, and again absolutely no rush or pressure. This time I liked her main better than mine: the un-catfish was delicious and tender, and the home-made shrimp ravioli had a thick, toothsome dough that wasn't overcooked. My mixed grill was good--the calamari was perfectly cooked and not at all rubbery, as were the shrimp--but a touch heavy on the salt, and the salmon was definitely overcooked.
We got coffee and more company instead of dessert (neither of us had room, though the tiramisu that we saw going past looked delicious). Our waiter had home-made limoncello (limes rather than lemons) to share. I think we ended up getting home after 11pm, and our bill came to under $70. Fabulous.
Final verdict? The few slips in the meal were overwhelmingly forgivable considering the execution of the rest of it (clean, assertive flavors), the fantastic service (the best I've experienced in Philly, hands down), and the value. Will definitely be coming back.I'm not a fan of Italian food, but always look for places to change my mind about this delicate cuisine. Salento fortunately did a magnificent job. Seared chicken on mashed potatoes and spinach, topped with tomato sauce and capers. WIN WIN WIN
Arugula salad was delish as well!
Its got yellow and blue on the walls, it has great Italian music and the service is very attentive.  
 Thanks Andy!With my immediate (blended) family, we tote 5 bottles for the 5 of us when heading out to an Italian BYOB. So in addition to delicious food, the staff better not be in too big of a rush to turn our table, lest we be forced to pound our glasses of malbec and become unruly. 
Salento is a great place to suit our gastronomic as well as our alcoholic needs. We like our dipping olive oil pale green and fruity, our pasta homemade, and our seafood fresh and delicately prepared. I've been on several occasions and relished the salmon over lentils and savored the linguine with oven-roasted tomato and garlic sauce and fresh ricotta salata. My sometimes annoyingly-picky family always loves the food here and is always eager to return. They praise the staff on being accommodating and friendly (and not judgmental of our excessive alcohol consumption). We always stay for dessert and cappuccinos (to sober up) and are rewarded with their creamy cheesecakes and divine chocolate creations. I highly recommend starting with the insalata mista, a beautifully tasty example of a classic, the calamari, and the warm grilled vegetables topped with fresh mozzarella. Amazeballs.Mmmm!! A long-time fan of L'angolo (owners Kathryn and Davide's first restaurant in south philly), I also love Salento! The food is authentic Italian, from the Puglia region of southern Italy (the heel of the boot!) The menu has great variety, and the the food is delicious. A few of my favorite things are the arugula salad, the grilled calamari, the mozzarella appetizer, any of their (fresh!) gnocchi, and the lamb skewers. Oh, the yummy lamb skewers...delectable. Alright...this is making me hungry... Oh, and desserts are right on, and all home made! Service is good, prices are reasonable, and one of the owner's is usually there...a great family BYOB in center city.We like this place. Friendly service and good food. It's not stellar, but it's good, and there are some nice renditions of traditional dishes along with some new ones, and the prices are reasonable. If you have been to a relatively small tratorria in a small or medium size town in italy, you know what I am talking about.I ate at Salento during the first week of Restaurant week so please keep that in mind when reading my review.
I used to be a huge fan of restaurant week but over the years I've found that I'm less and less impressed with the service and food at most establishments during this promotion. Often restaurants get slammed during this week with value seeking customers and the kitchens and waitstaff struggle to put out a quality product.
I think this is what happened at Salento. We had a table of 6 on a Thursday night. Salento was one of the few places that offered 4 courses instead of the usual 3. The appetizers were great especially the antipasta plate. The pastas were also fairly tasty. I had the linguine with prawns in a zuchini sauce/pesto and one of the girls had a veal ravioli. No complaints around the table. The entrees however fell flat except for the pork chop. 
The service was warm but harried as they tried to keep up with a full house. I would go back but not for restaurant week. 4 courses is way too much food for one person. I think 3 is pushing it. I ended taking home my mediocre entree which was the red snapper with a tomato mussel sauce. I'm a big fan of italian BYOBs and compared to some of the other places in the city I would say this lands in the middle. The food is in no way bad. ...just not spectacular. 
I'm giving them 4 stars because they gave my friend a free tiramisu dessert to-go after she asked them how could they call themselves an Italian restaurant and not serve tiramisu. She basically harassed the waiter and he was gracious enough to take it in stride and even give her a dessert that wasn't even on the menu.Came with a large group and had a good time. Welcoming and fast service, good food, just wish they had a greater selection.
Recommend for any pasta lover like myself, very comfortable, eye-pleasing atmosphere.
Try it!!the last few times we've visited, my family and i weren't blown away like we were in the past. the food has been good, but not consistently great across the selections at our table, like we all remember. during our last visit, the server kindly provided us with complimentary antipasti (which strangely sits out uncovered at the window). it was a nice gesture but unfortunately the food on the plate was cold and completely unrecognizable in appearance and taste. i still like their pasta dishes, salads, bread and olive oil - and the fact that you can get a little raucous with your family over a few bottles of barolo - but i'll probably throw a few new places into the rotation before i bring them back to what was our regular spot when they came to town.Dined here on a recent trip to Philly. I love byo places anyway so it started well. It was crowded but squeezed us into the back room before a large party was taking the whole room later. The server was great and knew the     menu well. I got the oricchiette with shredded duck and it was out of this world. The only downside for me and the meal I got was the starters were a little limited for my somewhat finicky taste. But all and all a great meal and a great price (because we brought our own wine)Second time here and not our last, Stefano was an excellent waiter, host,manager and warm personality. The Apps were delicious and the Entrees were all big hits. Casual friendly reasonable prices with homemade tastes.
We will return.Of all the Italian byobs in Philly, this was probably the worst one I've ever been to. The food was not flavored and as a non-Italian, I think I could've cooked a better meal.This place is great.  The wait staff is so friendly and the food is amazing.  They make a roasted red pepper paste that they use in various dishes and it is unlike anything I've ever tasted.  Well done.  This is truly one of the best BYOB's in the downtown Philly area.Came here on a Saturday night and felt pretty fortunate to get the last table in the place.  The diners all seemed to be having a good time and our waiter was very friendly and helpful.  My expectations had risen quite a bit by the time I ordered my prosciutto wrapped asparagus and braised lamb shank -- both were specials that evening.  
The evening went downhill from there.  While the service continued to be good I found the food to be mediocre.  My lamb shank, while tender, was otherwise bland.  The tomato sauce it was served with was equally uninteresting.  The asparagus wrapped with prosciutto was okay, as was my pumpkin bread pudding,  but hardly enough to recover the evening.   Three stars for the service and reasonable prices.I haven't had a better meal in quite some time and the service was great . I went with a friend and we started with the grilled calamari , artichoke and grilled shrimp. All delish .  We also had the house made mozzarella with peppers, tomatoes, onions and arugula. It was like butter. Amazing! The gnocchi with shrimp in the cream sauce was one of the best things I've ever had. So fresh. Also had the homemade potato ravioli with the lamb ragu. I can't wait to go backWe really enjoyed our meal at Salento. I always tell myself to use my Groupons in advance because the restaurants are always SLAMMED right before they expire. Salento was no exception. The entire restaurant was packed and there was only 1 server, 1 host, and 1 bus boy. Those poor men. However, they handled themselves EXTREMELY well and somehow still managed to provide good service. I am confident that if they were not understaffed, they could provide STELLAR service. The food was very good. We enjoyed the grilled octopus, which was simple, yet well-prepared. I had the orrechete with duck and the bf had the eggplant and tomato sauce penne with ricotta salata. Our dishes were very good. I think we both preferred his over mine, but both dishes were tasty. Overall, this place had solid Italian food for a reasonable price. And again, I was very impressed by the service.Had a very pleasant dinner here, seated next to an awesome older couple who provided endless entertainment. This is a great neighborhood spot. Italian food was spot on, will keep it on the list for a last minute local dinner.
The bad, wait staff was not as knowledgeable as I would have liked. Wait staff eats and preps at window table during day, which looks unprofessional as you walk by. But they are professional when you are in there.
The good, we had a groupon. Will definitely buy again if I see it on Groupon.The Linguine alla pugliese with mussels, calamari, shrimp is still great.  I just love that zucchini pesto.  Generous serving of mussels.
Also tried an olive-crusted catfish special, in a tomato-caper-zucchini caponata, which was tasty.
But whenever I think of this BYOB, it's the zucchini pesto linguine I yearn for.Great italian food from a place I didn't even know existed.  Even with reservations, it took a while to get seated. The service was slow, but it doesn't help that I went on one  of the last days my Groupon expired!  
The staff seemed frantic and often times frustrated. However, I will not let this affect my rating because there were many patrons trying to use of their Groupons right before they expired. 
The Pollo Grigliato was amazing! I am usually not a fan of non-pasta dishes, but I would definitely order this again.  The portions were huge and being a BYO put the icing on the cake.An interesting little Italian restaurant with a locals feel. 
The ambiance of the restaurant was simple and pleasant, and the staff were very welcoming. We were in on a Sunday night, so the place was pretty empty - I'm not sure how it is on busier nights. However our waiter was entertaining and even trimmed a few $ off the bill for us at the end.
I ordered grilled artichokes which were excellent (so hard to find good artichokes around here) and the seafood linguini. It was a little heavy on the calamari but otherwise very good. Everyone else I was with really enjoyed their dishes too (word of caution, if you ask for spicy sauce, be prepared for real spicy). 
Will definitely be coming back.Ahh I love this place. Easily my favorite BYO in the city - great food, great atmosphere, great staff.
My parents come here a lot and I tag along often, it's a great place for practically any occasion - we have come here for family dinners, big parties (you can rent the back room), small parties, ladies night, and even a few dates. The food is always wonderful and the waitstaff is pretty accommodating for any weird food things (I don't eat carbs six days/week a la slow carb diet and they always make something delicious for me).
I find it impossible to resist the burrata cheese or grilled calamari appetizers and usually get both to share. As far as entrees go, I've never had one I didn't enjoy but they have hands down my favorite ravioli in the whole city and that's usually my first choice. I have had ox tail ravioli with porcini sauce, veal ravioli with a creamy bechamel, and last weekend I had a fantastic lobster ravioli with some delicious sauce, I don't know what it was but Andi (waiter) will explain everything.
Desserts are also fantastic - I constantly crave the flourless chocolate cake thing with raspberry sauce, and my sister will inhale the tiramisu before I can take two bites of mine.
Once you get your plate, you probably won't want to share it, but Salento is a great place for family style meals as well - my family will often order a few apps and entrees and just share everything.
I'll be back soon I'm sure, we never stay away for long.The waiters are creeps!!!!!! My boyfriend and I went here for dinner about a few weeks ago and I noticed our waiter would stare too long at me while hardly looking at my boyfriend when taking our order/interacting. I didn't think anything of it until he came over to hit on me while my boyfriend was in the bathroom!!!! GROSS. 
Even when my boyfriend came back to the table and I quietly told him what just happened, I looked up and our waiter was dead staring at me. SO creepy! 
Of course, we wanted to leave after that and as we were walking out the front door, guess who was having smoke break on the sidewalk verbally harassing women runners going by!?? Our waiter!!! Ew. Ew. Ew. Cannot get further away from that place!!I LOVE Salento.
When I think of BYOs in Philly I think of Salento.  It is a very small dining room so I recommend going early or going late so that you don't have to be as quiet.  I was so surprised last time I called and they still had opennings for the next night which was a Friday.  My friends and I love coming here before a night out in center city because it is so close to places like Smiths and Drinkers.
The menu is wonderful and the portions are HUGE.  As a college student the last thing I want to do is spend a ton of money on a dinner that doesn't fill me up.  The opposite is true of Salento.  My favorite dish by far is the gnocchi.  I am still thinking about it almost a month later *sigh.* My friends got the calamari and the mussels which were all delicious as well.  Because the portions here are so large it is fun to share everyone's and help eachother finish.
The service is also great, the servers know that their patrons often come armed with bottles of wine but never seemed to be annoyed if you've had one glass too many (guilty).Absolutely delicious! Lovely service, delicious bread, homemade pastas. I'm a HUGE fan of the pollo agrodolce (boneless chicken breast with white balsamic, caramelized onions, and golden raisins). Both times I've had this, it was served with a perfectly-sized portion of the best mashed potatoes I've ever had. Which says a lot coming from an Irish-American ;)
(I jest about the last part-- but only that!)
The ambiance is really nice and relaxing, too. Love you, Salento. Please never change!We went because it was a BYOB and was near where we went to a concert.   Street parking was tough in that area.   The place has basic decor, little atmosphere, and was VERY NOISY.  (We could barely understand the people across the table) 
However, the service was wonderful and my salad and entree ITalapia) were delicious.  (My table mates didn't enjoy their entrees very much. (Veal)
Maybe it's quieter during the week.   Not sure we'd go back again.The food is great and the service friendly. Prices are okay. Shrimp and cream gnocci was $16 not including tax/tip. The quality was great and I wish they had a more extensive menu! Came here for a large birthday party, and they were very accommodating despite our obnoxious and loud behavior. Would definitely come back.
Food is delicious. The bread is standard (wish they had balsamic vinegar for it).  Prices are standard for expensive italian in general. Service is great. I'd give them four stars if they had more choices.This restaurant has inspired me to stop free riding on the labor of other yelpers and write my inaugural review. My lady and I went to Philly to visit a friend, and we had dinner at Salento. 
The  artichoke appetizer was great, the marinade really sells it. The calamari was grilled to perfection. I had the lamb shank special (this was on a Saturday) the lamb was tender and covered with a flavorful sauce. It was served with fresh gnocchi. 
My dinning companions had the ravioli special w boar raggu, (which was excellent, like my dish the pasta was homemade,) and the pasta with shredded duck. (Which was fine.) 
Desert was a light and creamy cheesecake.
It is BOYB and the table next to us (awesomely) brought a box of Franzia. I didn't realize that particular libation was still available. 
The service was generally attentive.Fantastic place.  My girlfriend and I have been going there for years.  Every time, the gnocci is fantastic.  They'll occasionally give us free wine.  What more can you ask for!?I went to Salento for the first time last weekend and was very impressed.  I made reservations about 3 weeks in advance, as I heard it's somewhat small and that they might have a hard time accommodating large groups.  They took my reservation, and easily accommodated me when I called back twice to add people to our table.  
When we arrived, we experienced the only downsides to Salento: our table was meant to fit 8 and they squeezed 10 of us (so much for changing the reservation!) and we were alone w/ our wine until after they took our order, so the hungrier guests in our party were ravenous by the time we got bread about 15 minutes in.
Aside from these minor pitfalls, our appetizers and dinners were stellar.  I shared an order of mussels w/ a friend, which were perfect and the butter/sauce was great for dipping :)  I ordered the homemade fettuccine w/ shrimp, mussels, and calamari, which was also great.  My friend thought that dish could be better w/ a spicy marinara, but I liked it the way it was.
In the end, several bottles of wine later, we were all stuffed and passed on dessert.  However, since we were the last group in the restaurant as they were closing up, they brought us a couple desserts on the house, which we devoured.  Sometimes, w/ a large group, the bill is unruly, but not at Salento.  Our tab, including tip, was $36/piece.  Considering we ate and drank to our hearts' content, I'd say that's a great deal!
I plan to come back to Salento as often as possible.  Their price fixe weeknight dinner looks awesome and I'm looking forward to bringing new friends to experience Salento w/ me!I had a private event with 70+ people on a Monday night. People loved the food, especially the shredded duck pasta dish, the fried artichoke, veal porcini, and some said the chocolate torte was the best they ever tried.
I don't think there was anything that wasn't above average to excellent.
Service was very good. They were extremely easy to work with for planning the dinner.
Location is convenient but not very flattering. Decor isn't the point.
Highly recommend for a private event.I'm sad to say that my (formerly) favourite pasta dish in the city has gone downhill.  
Linguine alla pugliese is not as good as before.  Shrimp was sorely overcooked, chewy and actually hard to eat.  I usually love shrimp and I didn't want to finish them at dinner, even though I only got 3.  Disappointing.  
I'm no longer looking forward to coming back, since that pasta was the main draw for me.There's no real reason to spend a lot of time on this.  Run of the mill, serviceable BYO Italian.  Straightforward stuff.
You can equate this to La Viola.  Probably best for groups as the dining room can be moved around easily, prices aren't bad, and anyone can find something they can stomach on the standard Italian menu.The menu is very interesting.   The food delicious.   The service great.   The atmosphere great.   If you arrive early you can avoid the horrendous restaurant noise that is apparently popular with many people.Came here again last night, and had another great experience. This time around, I ordered mozzarella with grilled vegetables as an app. It was really great, and totally different from most mozarella/vegatable dishes at Italian places. The cheese, which was excellent, was served on top of grilled mushrooms, peppers, and carrots, and surrounded by a red pepper vinegar. Overall, when you loaded everything up into one bite, everything blended together perfectly and tasted almost like a super fresh lasagna.
For an entree, I had the salmon special, which was a honking huge piece of fish served on top of lentils, polenta, broccoli, and drizzled with a balsamic reduction. The fish was cooked perfectly, and I really enjoyed the lentils too. The broccoli was a little boring, and the polenta wasn't the best however.
Other hits at our table were the filet special (filet pieces in a red wine reduction) and duck orechette. 
This is a great neighborhood place, you have to try it. Period. Also it's BYOB, so yeah, try it.FAIL.  
Came here for a 3-course dinner, private party style.  What is with Philadelphians?  How can this place be 4 stars on Yelp?  Food is a total disaster.  
We started with a poor excuse/practically inedible round of apps - tomato bruschetta was the only passable part and come on...it's impossible to screw that up.  
Mussels were terrible.  
Chicken in balsamic vinegar was literally drowning in vinegar.  My broccoli was wilted and soggy.  
Best part of the meal was dessert.  Not the marscapone cheesecake I originally ordered, but the tiramisu I ordered as my second dessert.  
Actually, take that back...best part was the BYO wine we had. 
Never. Going. Back. Again.When my husband and I were renting on Chestnut Street, we used to walk over to Salento whenever we needed a quiet, romantic and wonderful dinner. We thought of it as our little secret, so imagine our surprise when we went there one night and his parents were at the table next to us! They thought of it as their little secret, too. We love the food and servers at Salento so much, we even had our rehearsal dinner there. They could not have been more accomodating. Almost two years later, I still have family members remark how good the food was! One of my bridesmaids even asked the other day for their contact information for one of her friends to have their rehearsal there!This is based on a private holiday party for about 30 people, so YMMV as far as service and menu goes, and I can't comment on pricing. 
That said, Salento gets a solid three stars from me. Service was great throughout. Our party filled the back room and the appetizers, entrees and dessert all flowed in a steady rhythm. The food was very satisfying. 
I usually prefer to eat at a place twice or more before reviewing, to try and weed out unevenness, but since there are way too many good places to eat and burn through cash on my to-do list, that ain't gonna happen. 
So I'll put it this way for now: the mussels, mozzarella salad, bruschetta, and pork chop milanese with arugula all hit the A-OK spot, which is 3/5. Didn't blow me away, but didn't disappoint me either. I didn't love the gnocchi I sampled, but I'm an extra tough grader on gnocchi. However, the tiramisu was spot on and I'd get that again. 
I have to take points off because the interior is really bland. I'll eat tacos and cheesesteaks right off of a truck, and grab pizza at any number of take-out joints, but for a sit-down, full-on dinner with wine and dessert, the ambiance and environment are a factor for me. Salento could really use a makeover to add a star. I wouldn't take a date here to impress her, let's put it that way. (In contrast, see Lexy M's review of Bistro Romano, which I'd also rate a solid 4 stars for food, service, ambiance -- not just for the SCORE part, although she's right, it does work.)
Bottom line: Salento does some key things well, and it's not a bad choice for straightforward Southern Italian food, especially since they have a regular prix-fixe menu, but with so many other options nearby, it's not an automatic repeat. If you're used to Starr and Garces and similar, you will probably want to look elsewhere.Absolutely wonderful.  Food & service excellent
It is BYOB. Which we didn't know
They need to add that note to te websiteAfter moving to the area, a family member suggested we try this classic Italian byob. All of our expectations were exceeded. In a group of 8, we shared our platters to find all meals were delectable. The wait staff was kind, welcoming, and never made us feel rushed. We will definitely go back and think you should too!Had dinner at Salento with my Mom, sister and a friend last Thursday night. It was empty when we got there at 7:30, but quickly filled up with both couples looking for a quiet meal and a bachelor party. Everyone can find something they love at Salento! Our server was so nice and accommodating, even offering to make items that my mother loved that were no longer on the menu. I had the grilled romaine salad (secret menu item) and the tilapia. Both were amazing. Whatever the dip they serve with the bread is, is also amazing. They do a 3 courses for 27 dollars special during the week, which is a total steal. This is one of the best BYOBs in Philly. I am biased, though, because we had our rehearsal dinner here! :)The biggest plus of this restaurant is the friendly service. The food was not that great.
The arugula salad was fresh, but nothing special. For the pastas, our table tried Linguine Aglione, Linguine Alla Pugliese, and Spaghetti Bolognese. The portions were huge, but the sauces were bland. 
Sorry to say but for the money, I would rather go to Maggiano's.Salento is either really good, or kind of just okay.  I'm hovering between 3 and 4 stars... The food varies so much, depending on what you've ordered.  Their pasta special was a real hit, while the gnochhi with mushrooms was dry and heavy.  Service is nice, prices are good, it's not a pain to get a table on a weeknight (call ahead for reservations or show up, no hour+ wait like at Melograno), and it's a BYOB which is  always a plus!If you're having a BYO, this is not a bad spot to host it. Decent Italian food, lively atmosphere, decent service. Nothing remarkable, but that goes both ways.SERVICE: Terrible for groups that want any attention at all. Took over 30 minutes to be approached by a waiter after being seated. Staff was rude the entire evening. 
FOOD: Decent appetizers, but main course left much to be desired. Quality ingredients used, but did not come together well. 
Highly discourage anyone who is close to a "foodie" or Italian to visit. Will never personally entertain the thought of going back.Went to Salento last night with a group of 4 girls and had a fantastic time.
The food, overall, was good. Pork tenderloin served with pancetta, broccoli and mashed potatoes was yummy and tender, if slightly more well done than I usually prefer. We ordered antipasto to start which was kind of random - mushrooms, definitely some sort of quichey thing...an arancino maybe?...something else with tomato....all of it tasty if we couldn't figure out what it was. 
The real stars, though, go to the service. The host/proprietor was extremely gracious, very attentive and friendly - I only wish there were more people there to experience his hospitality! I will definitely be back.I wish I could have liked Salento as much as Jennifer.  After reading her review, I was ready to love this place.  Unfortunately, our experience was a mixed bag.  Though I gave it 3 stars, If I could rate it separately:
service 5 stars
Appetizers 4 stars
pastas 4 stars
main course 2 stars
dessert 2 stars
The atmosphere and service were warm and inviting.  Service was prompt and we were in and out in an hour, which is amazing for restaurant week.
Unfortunately, the food was inconsistent. While we really loved the appetizers and pastas, our meat courses (veal medallions with porcini mushrooms, and red snapper with mussels) were not up to par. The fish was overdone and slighly fishy tasting. The veal medallions were tough and tasteless.
Desserts were just OK for us.
Not sure I'll return to Salento, but if I do it will be just for the appetizers and pastas.Don't come here for a cozy romantic dinner, because it gets rowdy with Penn kids (some are quite obnoxious.. and I can say that bc I went to Penn too). We came on a Saturday night where there were these huge parties of like 25 and they were hassling the staff. Embarrassing.
Food is pretty good -- I think we all enjoyed our food, from the arugula salad to the buffalo ravioli special to the chicken to the duck orecchiette. My only gripe is that my orecchiette was a little undercooked (and I do usually like it al dente) and clumped together. And of course it's a BYO, which is fabulous.
Service-wise, we had to switch tables 3 times throughout the night (to accommodate for the large groups), but they also NEVER rushed us. That also means they never offered the check until we asked.. so we were there for 4 hours. In fact, we asked for either the dessert menu or the check.. and they just brought out dessert -- delicious chocolate torte and cheesecake! I don't know if they even have a dessert menu...
Ask for Andy, and he'll treat you right.Great food, not crowded (went on a Friday night), not rushed, attentive and pleasant waitstaff and overall very pleased. Would work well for groups and they take reservations.I came here with a friend for an early dinner on a hot Tuesday night and we were seated right away.  We were originally going to go to Seraffina but after all the 2 star reviews on yelp, we had to pass.    The restaurant was clean, and spacious and the service was good.  For dinner I ordered the arugula and grana padano salad which was light and refreshing. 
For my main course I had homemade pappardelle pasta with shrimp and broccoli rabe which was very good as well and my friend had the orichette and duck which was good albeit salty.  Not the best all-around Italian in the city but certainly not bad. The prices are very reasonable and the quality of food is fresh and good so its definitely a good reason to go back.Like Ali, I was there this past Saturday night. In fact I'm pretty sure I was sitting next to her table. The reason I suspect so is because the place was not that crowded and for the life of me I cannot understand why. The food and service were both excellent.
I started with the roasted veg and mozzerella app. The vegetable component was grilled eggplant and peppers. The dish was surrounded by a sauce of what I am assuming was pureed roasted red peppers and vinegar. At first I thought the sauce was a bit too bracing but it grew on me. My main was the duck orecchiette. Delish! It was basically shredded duck meat in some sort of wonderful broth/sauce. It was stellar.
Friend had the grilled romaine app special. I did not taste but it was beautifully presented and he said was very good. He got the bolognese as his main which I did taste and it was also excellent.
Treated warmly by both a very attentive server and the owner. I will definitely be making a return visit!The first thing I thought when I entered was, "wow what a classy place!" The restaurant is bathed in yellow light, chandeliers, crisp white tablecloth, glistening glassware... then I saw a bug. We ask the busboy to get rid of it and he tells us to wait, because he's helping another customer. Okay, fine, but seriously, I think my situation should be the priority! To make up for it, dessert was on the house, so I can't complain any further.
The food is great. The grilled calamari and chicken were made just right--tender, and not too dry. I really enjoyed the flavor from the raisins in the pollo agrodolce. The bread and spread was great as well. Price is standard. But, I wish they had more options.I'll give Salento credit for luring the Penn kids up there with its don't ask don't tell BYOB status and comfy semi-Italian atmosphere. But that's where I stop. The prices were insane, the service was slow, and the food, while it may have been above average, was not worth the cash I shelled out to be a part of a group dinner. They gave a fixed menu for our group (which I understand) but I never figured I'd get f*cked so hard financially with the limited options they gave us. Our waiter also started to visibly overstep his bounds in order to get us drinking more so maybe we'd order dessert, so I got a little tired of hearing "Let's get f*cked up!" getting shouted into my ear. Good thing me and Carlo Rossi got cozy, or I might not have paid the bill so amiably.What a great restaurant!  Wonderful food-grilled arugala salad and mixed seafood as appetizer and entree, and mixed sorbet for desert.  Felt like I was in Italy.  Relaxed service for the big city, gratsi.Over the phone, our large party of the thirty guests were told that we would be getting a fixed menu with three course. However, once we arrived at the restaurant this was hardly the case. We were only given two courses, and our waiter as much as we protested about the prior arrangement, said that this not the case. Not only were we swindled out of our third course,but the food was poorly done. My chicken was covered in onions making it difficult to eat.My wife and I had purchased a Groupon for Salento several months back since the place is just around the corner from us and we liked what we had seen on the menu whenever passing by.
We dined on a Sunday evening at 8pm.  There were prolly 4 other tables seated of parties ranging from 2 to 6 in size.  We were promptly met at the door, checked off our reservation, and were placed a few tables away from the other patrons...which was nice since they all seemed to be clumped together a bit. Fresh warm bread was brought to the table along with olive oil.  The place is BYO, but since we were "drying out" from the New Year's festivities, we ordered a bottle of Ducale.
We were given the regular menu which listed salads, appetizers, pastas, and entrees, and also the prix-fixe menu which listed combined sections for salads & apps, pastas & entrees, and two dessert selections.  We were initially thinking of doing the prix-fixe, but then Stefan came to tell us about the specials...and we're very happy we deviated!
Started with the grilled romaine with balsamic reduction and gorgonzola and a few cherry tomatoes. Absolutely excellent! Leftover balsamic was sopped up with bread.
Next was oxtail ravioli in a mushroom cream sauce along with bits of porcini on the plate...Stefan obliged our asking for a touch of parmesan even though the dish didn't need any. These were just dreamy...best ravioli I've had in town so far just behind the jewels that Marc Vetri makes. Leftover cream sauce was sopped up with bread also ;)
Third was the mixed grill which featured calamari, sea bass, and shrimp over broccoli and russet potatoes. Lightly dressed with olive oil, garlic, and lemon...the fish was perfect and the calamari quite good...shrimp was a tad overdone, but easily forgiven...broccoli felt steamed, but the potatoes took on a large french fry in texture and was a nice contrast. Overall a great plate of food...and very happy to find an establishment that doesn't insist on breading and deep frying the calamari!  We purposely set aside some food from this dish to save room for dessert.
Dessert choices were tiramisu, pumpkin mascarpone cheesecake, and chocolate truffle cake. We ordered the latter two, and were pleasantly surprised when Stefan brought out a slice of all three on one big platter to share. Each was very good and Stefan also brought us some complimentary limoncello (made from limes I believe based on the color and what a previous reviewer has written).  No room for coffee!
We were really pleased with our experience here, especially the "extras" and the attentive service. My wife and I are Indian and Stefan was very courteous in asking if we were vegetarian (which we're not) before talking about the non-veg specials, and also if we drink alcohol (which we do) before serving us the limoncello.
Gem of an Italian restaurant in Center City that doesn't serve the usual suspects. Give it a try!Good Service. BYO!  The free bread they give you is not the best, but the tomato pesto that comes with it is GREAT!!! Great pasta specials. Gnocchi is okay. Duck pasta dish is decent, but oily. I had a pasta special recently with shrimp, beans, tomatos, and etc, which was delicious. Clean flavors. Cute decor.Been living in Philadelphia for 4 years.  By far the best italian byob I've been to.  The pork milanesa is comparable to Osteria's.  
We were a party of 5.  5 excellent appetizers, 5 excellent entrees and the total price?  $143.  How could such great food have been so reasonable? We thought there must have been a mistake on the bill in our favor :)
Definitely will be returning.My boyfriend and I ate here last friday night before a show. We were a little worried when we walked in at 7pm and we were the second customers in the room. Turned out to be delicious! The waiter was purely italian, singing along with the music as he sat down our food. 
Make sure to get there after 6:30pm or you can't park close :)Slightly larger center city sister of superior L'Angolo in deep south Philly housed in the former Fellini's is a not so attractive and noisy room with horrific lighting which, glancing in while driving up Walnut street recently appears to have been fixed.  Friendly, with good service and excellent food.  An original menu though with many of the same dishes that make the original so extraordinary.Its my first time here. Groupon offered a really nice deal, thought id give it a try. I have admit that I was a bit scared, the dining room was completely empty!
Shockingly, food and service was fabulous. . Everything we had ordered was  very tasty. Service was great.  I'm definitely gonna go back again.Salento had awesome spaghetti.  The gnocchi was pretty good too.  We had a kind waiter who wishes to remain unnamed.  It is a romantic Italian restaurant.I LOVE THIS PLACE!!!
The sauteed artichokes were fantastic, and I really really love the linguini pasta with roasted tomatoes, garlic, and ricotta insalata. Definitely the best pasta dish I've ever eaten. And so filling! My boyfriend got the veal dish and said it was fantastic (I don't eat baby cows!). The Puglian peninsula is the origin of my favorite Italian dishes, so naturally everything was delicious!! One time I got the prix-fixe and was unimpressed with the caesar salad, but the chocolate tart was CRAZY GOOD!! The service was a little lax when I was here, probably because they knew I had a Groupon (snatched that up as soon as I saw it because I had been there before and LOVED it!). Or maybe they thought they were giving us a lot of time to relax before paying or ordering. I'm definitely going to try their older restaurant in South Philly this summer.
It's a BYO so be sure to grab some Chianti or Pinot Grigio before wandering around to find a parking spot!This place was amazing.  I went there on Valentine's Day with my beau.  The decor is cute, and the place is super clean.  The service is fabulous.  The wait staff NEVER interrupted my beau and I when we were talking.  At one point, the waiter was walking toward our table, but saw that we were talking and went to another table.
The food came out very quickly and was delish!  I ordered the mozzarella with veggies as a starter, and the beau ordered grilled calamari.  He loved the calamari, and I liked it even though I'm not a fan of seafood.  For our entrees, we both ordered specials.  He got veal with gnocchi.  The veal was very tender and practically melted in your mouth.  I got the veal stuffed ravioli with a cream sauce.  The ravioli was super-stuffed, perfectly seasoned, and absolutely amazing.  I was really glad to have some to take home.  It was so good that I didn't wait until the afternoon to eat the leftovers, so I had them for breakfast! 
For dessert we shared the Tiramisu.   I can't wait to go back!3.5 stars.
cute!  not amazing and not life-changing but it is good. I came here for my birthday last year and the service was really great! I really can't remember much about the food, which is why I can't round up to 4 stars.  I do remember that the seafood pasta was pretty good.