As many people have already mentioned, this place offer the best hoagies in Philly; there really is no other comparison! And, being from New Jersey, I can say that their sandwiches stack up with some of the best I have tried back home!
My favorite is the Italian hoagie with the house dressing (instead of mayo, trust me it is a much better option). A half sandwich will only run you $5, and the size of the sandwich is more than enough. Not only is Salumeria the best bargain in the Market, but it also one the best places to get food.So close to getting that 4th star!!
Craving a good hoagie today so I went here based on Yelp recommendation and the resulting hoagie was great! But the experience could have been much better.
I ordered just a plain run of the mill Meat & Cheese and I think it was the guys first day or something. He put on so little that the other sandwich prep guy had to show him no only what to add more of but how to put it on! Good thing he was keeping an eye out while making his own sandwiches (which looked wonderful!). 
I had to ask for more of almost everything after that though so it was a bit frustrating. You should not see the bottom of the bread when laid out flat and too much of mine was showing.
The main thing however, that costs them a star or two, was the lack of a truly sanitary process when preparing food. If you are wearing gloves but touching the same fridge doors that those not wearing are - what is the point?? There was also a big jar of pickle chips that they were just digging into with the same gloved hands no tongs or spoon so I had to pass on pickles. I know you can never know how a food item is prepared in a closed kitchen so I just decided to deal but when you are in front of me - at least you have to try.
Last thing of note there were just too many people behind the counter not doing anything but talking to each other. Even when the guy took my money he didn't stop his participation in the behind the counter gabfest. He didn't ask if I wanted a soda or chips - I did but bought them at Rite Aid on the way back instead he just totaled me out never stopping his conversation - Annoying! He did say thank you but wasn't even looking at me.
Would I go again? Prob not as it is a bit of a walk from my office but I sure do hope they make those few changes in the event that I do!
** get the house dressing- yum!I love Salumeria for cheeses. I stop here at least once a week and always look forward to trying out their "specials" of the week. The specials introduced me to some of my favorite cheeses....an extremely rich triple cream brie and La Tur. So darn good and heavenly! They also have Cheshire cheese, fabulous!
I too like getting hot soprasetta here on occasion, or any of their other hot, dry sausages available near the register and I occasionally get myself a nice mix of olives.BIG fan. Can't believe I haven't been here before. The service was slow (waited for ten minutes when I was the next person in line), but still affordable and worth it. That they use LevelUp gives them major points in my book. You could really spend a fortune here if you want to, but using the Italian specialty ingredients they offer as a way to flavor and enhance your dish makes more sense than using them as a base. 
I really love it because I do much of my food shopping at Market and this just adds to its depth. More convenient than DiBruno's for me.Their hoagies are just the best. Their house dressing is so good I could just eat the dressing and still be ecstatic. A place not to miss while hereSalumeria is a combo deli/cheese shop.  The deli sandwiches are good, but not what keeps me coming back.  
What keeps me coming back:
- House 3-yr aged Cheddar
-Aged/cured meats (they introduced me to Speck)
 - great selection of blue cheeses.  
Cheese for every budget, the staff is incredibly helpful (so there may be a short wait, but worth it) and have never let me down when I ask for recommendations.Just go. Take the time to find this gem amidst the Reading Terminal craze. Best Hoagies in Philadelphia - hands down.FANTASTIC Italian Hogie with a superb sharp provalone made by artful and dedicated men and women. They told me what a hogie was and were super friendly and helpful!I have been buying my cheese from Salumeria for about 3 years. 
I love attendants and the good quality cheese they have. 
The ladies and gets are very intuitive and will give suggestions for recipes or a simple cheese plate. =) 
Salumeria is my number one stop at the terminal.The cheese is aaaaahhhhmazing.  
I only get my fresh mozzarella from Salumeria.  I won't get it anywhere else.  
The people behind the counter are always super friendly.
What more could you want in a little cheese shop??
The upside to shopping for a meal in Reading Terminal is that you can take nothing but your phone in your pocket, and use LevelUp to get your produce at Iovine Bros, your cheese at Salumeria, and your bread and/or dessert at one of the several bakeries.  Bam! You've got everything you need to go home and cook a delicious dinner.  One-stop shopping!I have been going here nearly once a week since moving to Philly about a year ago.   The Italian hoagie is by far the best cold sandwich in Philly (that I know of).  If you like some spice don't forget to order yours with their hot pepper spread.  Oh, and don't turn down the house dressing.  I repeat, DO NOT turn down the house dressing.
Salumeria has a meal deal where you get a small hoagie, chips and a drink for 7 dollars even.  Compared with other places in the terminal, you can't find much cheaper besides the pretzel cheese dog stand.
This is the one place that I always suggest when we have visitors at our office, since It's so close.I used to go to Reading Terminal Market once a week with my co-workers, and my favorite option for lunch was always a chicken salad sandwich at Salumeria. I haven't had one in a couple of years though. I went this weekend and was so disappointed! I was standing at the counter for a while and all of the staff were talking to each other for a few minutes before they finally acknowledged me. The chicken salad just wasn't anywhere near as good as I remembered. I love the grapes and nuts in the salad, but it just wasn't very creamy and tasted overwhelmingly like oregano. The texture of the chicken was weird too. It was sort of rubbery. I couldn't finish the sandwich :( 
I would like to go back for an italian hoagie because I always liked those too. I'm hoping it's just that the chicken salad recipe has changed and not that the overall quality has gone down hill."Chesse sells itself.  We sell knowledge and free samples."  Very true statement by the guy working there.  I know a little bit about cheese but was really aided by the gentlemen working there.  Descent selection as friendly staff.People that work here not only know their cheese, but are enthusiastic about it!  Good prices to boot.I had not planned on buying cheese today but once I saw that they sold fresh ricotta, I had to buy some.  Nice product - creamy - maybe just a touch more dry than the ricotta that I get at Di Palo in NYC. Service at the counter was fast and friendly.I was looking for an Italian sandwich and was surprised to find you could get it on WHOLE WHEAT.  I asked for white onions in addition to the standard lettuce and tomatoes and it added a nice touch to my ham & cheese.  I also LOVED the Hank's root beer they carried - made with cane sugar, not that corn syrup crap.  Will definitely be back!Italian hoagie w/ house dressing and all the extra fixins. That's all you need to know.Very knowledgeable and friendly staff who were patient with our questions and offered up yummy advice for cheese and charcuterie options. Will certainly visit them again!I was hoping for an amazing sandwich based on all the reviews and recs I've gotten. I got the prosciutto and Mozzarella with the house dressing.  The dressing was delicious,  the bread was decent the meat was ok, and the Mozzarella was terrible. 
The guy making my Sammy was nice enough and it was very quick service. 
And don't go for the 15% off card... It's a trap.Had a wonderful lunch, thanks to Olivia and Michael at Salumeria!! Asked them to put together a sampler of their best and everything that they suggested was remarkable! A silky prosciutto and huge, creamy goat cheese knocked our socks off. They gave us samples of everything, even sliced up our baguette, all with smiles and good humor. Thanks O & M, for our lovely lunch!Just had an Italian Hoagie and it was great!! I am not even a big fan of Italian hoagies, but this was good. Everything is fresh, and the bread is super good! Bread can make or break a hoagie for me. I have to admit that I did not try the house dressing :-( I love mayo, what can I say!  After looking at all of the reviews amd realizing what a big mistake I made, I will give it a try next time!This is a great place to get cheeses, cold cuts, olives, pickles, dried pastas, fresh pastas, and ocassionally spices!  I love their cheeses that are perfectly made for parties - Brie with walnuts and appricots, chardonay and port wine spreads, etc.  This place is a gem, and they make awesome paninis!Thumbs up on the hoagies!  Salumeria has been around for a long time.  When I first ate from this place back in 1995-ish, I remember having a veggie hoagie. It was awesome!  Since then, I've tried pretty much all of their hoagies. Consistently good. 
What makes a good hoagie?  Any place can have good cold cuts. It's how well you put it together that determines how good it will be. Salumeria starts with good bread.  The meats and grilled veggies are good quality. The cheese - good. The house dressing that you can shmear on the bread - good. The onions are properly sliced and sized - good. The lettuce - they use romaine, which is a good fit for their hoagies.  Lastly, the hot peppers. They put on this hot pepper relish (which is very different from  pickled jalapenos or cherry peppers).  The relish is good for their hoagies.  Overall - yummy to the tummy :)The hoagie: decent Italian hoagie with roasted reds. Alone it deserves 3.5 stars...
Their house dressing is a balsamic vinaigrette, get that instead of oil and vinegar. Decently priced, decently tasty, but the bread needs to be subbed out for something a little most robust. Thin and flimsy, no crust to the outside, rips easily. ITS ALL ABOUT THE BREAD.
Also, I ordered a 1/4 of prosciutto and it was way too thick. That's just a crime. It was like eating a filet. You should be able to see through prosciutt.  
Salumeria has to get teach the slicers proper prosciutto etiquette. Sarcones could give you a good lesson...Very helpful staff.  I was looking for the smelliest and most delicous cheeses I could find for a special dinner and they helped me hit the mark.  Thank you and I can't wait to come back for more.I dont give 5 star ratings that often, but when I do, it's for damn awesome hoagies with great bread. 
I ordered the italian with house dressing and the ingredients were super fresh as expected from a deli in the reading terminal, but the combination of the Italian meats, veggies, house dressing, and DAT BREAD made this seriously the best hoagie I have ever had in my life. 
After they gently brushing the house dressing over the bread they fill it with their meats and cheese and veggies.  Eat it right away before it gets soggy because its going to make a difference. 
The hard crusty outside of the bread with the soft and dressing soaked inside really makes the sandwich what it is.This review is for the hoagie, not the cheese/meat counter.
I read the rave reviews of Salumeria, and was expecting something fantastic.  Really, I'd have settled for just plain "good", but after my third bite, the blatant mediocrity of Subway would have been an improvement. I was seriously underwhelmed.
I ordered a roast beef sub.  I'm fairly certain that the brownish looking stuff they put in my sandwich was a Florsheim factory second.  Seriously, I have had kosher roast beef that was more moist and juicy.
This stuff...it was one step away from being jerky.  For an establishment that prides itself on its meats, this is not acceptable.  Next time, I'll go to Tommy DiNic's.Fantastic Italian hoagie. You must get it with the house dressing. Plenty of meat and a great roll.My place to go when i'm craving some gourmet cheese! They staff here is so friendly. My boyfriend and I like to try new cheese so we usually ask the staff for recommendations to pair with certain foods and wine and they let us sample a few before we make up our mind. We have never been disappointed! They also have meats, jam, spices, and random kitchen appliances. This place is a gem!"Come for the cheese stay for the specialty items!" Is what i would shout if I were working here and it was a carnival stand. But its not and I don't so I haven't. 
I actually came here randomly because one night I arrived home after an extended happy hour and while boo was sleeping I trolled the fridge and ate half a pound of mozzarella.... her mozzarella. Well needless to say it needed to be replaced so I swung by the market and on my way to Hatfields Deli I decided I'd take a peek at Salumeria. 
While browsing the display I a gentleman asked me if he could help me with anything and I told him I needed sliced mozzarella. He asked why I needed it and I explained how I feasted on my roommate aka fiance's cheese and I needed to replace it. He goes, you don't want this (referencing the sliced mozz), come over to the other side and I'll show you what you want. He pointed out these big, beautiful, balls of mozzarella explaining that they were just made and are the best in the city....SOLD. I actually bought a regular and smoked ball.
I could have eaten both of these in one sitting and in my retired years look forward to doing just that. Since then I've gotten imported anchovies in a glass jar in olive oil (to avoid BPA contamination) which were fantastic, also truffle oil and truffle salt to make truffle popcorn that is to die for. 
It's pretty pricey but the quality is well worth it.There are a few places in Reading for Cheese, but this one stood out.  The guy working there had the perfect look, and just the right amount of pretentiousness.  They have a lot of options, but he had great feedback and recommendations.  
They have a boar sausage that was some of the best i've ever had.  We sampled a few cheeses in the style I was looking for to pair with the sausage.  There wasn't anything bad we tried, but some went better than others.
Prices were very reasonable. Some I would say were overpriced, but some underpriced.It has been six weeks since we visited Philadelphia, but I can't stop thinking about the Italian hoagie sandwiches me and my son had at Salumeria.  It wasn't just the terrific roll or the delicious meats or the sharp provolone cheese or the fresh toppings.  It was the unbelievable house dressing.  When I order an Italian sandwich, I typically expect the dressing to be some olive oil-based variation.  Instead, Salumeria's dressing is a creamy spread that they slather on both sides of the roll.  I wish they sold this spread by the bottle, or maybe the tub - I would seriously put it on just about everything I eat.
The next time I'm in Philly, the first place I'm going to is Salumeria for a hoagie.  The cheesesteaks will have to wait.great cheese selection
i love brie so order prince lafontaineWhile the sandwich/deli side of Salumeria always looks intriguing, I have only become acquainted with the cheese counter so far.
I go back and forth between Downtown Cheese and Salumeria for my Reading Terminal dairy needs, and each has its own advantages.  Salumeria tends to carry fewer high-end cheese, but has some inventory overlap with DTC.  Salumeria's prices are almost always lower on identical items.  The staff seems generally knowledgeable, though a few are a bit standoffish.  The lower counter height makes it a little easier to do business here that at DTC, but the fact that the cooler display wraps around a corner makes it a little chaotic to run around making selections.
In a nutshell, if I am looking for a particular cheese, I tend to check here first knowing the price will probably be better.  If it is something "fancy" I am never surprised if I have to hunt it down at DTC (or Garces Trading Co. in a real bind).Excellent. My favorite hoagie in the city. The prosciutto with peppers are the besssst.
Update: has since closed. So sad!Salumeria is all about meats and cheeses.  Conveniently located in the Reading Terminal Market in Philadelphia.
Their Capicola and their Mandaroni Provolone Cheese are great here!
http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/4mygX8lbSgi8Et7Dl2F37g?select=QgUKY5zFzGigJUvkCEwsdA
http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/4mygX8lbSgi8Et7Dl2F37g?select=5msTgTj_46xjfGAEdDTWHQOutstanding Italian Hoagie. Very fresh and flavorful with a perfect meat to bread ratio. Highly recommended.I stopped by RTM while in Philly on business.  Salumeria caught my eye.  Thanks Mat for taking such good care of me.  You really made the experience memorable.  I appreciated you carefully choosing cheeses I might like and spending so much time making sure I had a just the right cheese selection.  Also purchased olives, crackers, chocolate and Blackberry jam.  Looking forward to my al fresco dinner.  Thanks again for your help and care.Lines way too long for hot sandwiches at Carmen's and DiNics.  No matter!  Stiil took a piece of Philly with me back to NYC in the form of an excellent Italian Hoagie from Salumeria.  Toasted 5 mins. in the oven at home without toppings - amazing!Excellent sandwich!  Just exactly what I was hungry for.  Roasted red peppers and artichoke hearts were a nice touch!The perfect hoagie!  Much different than my west coast favorites.  I ordered the Italian loaded....sharp provolone, salami, mortadella, tomatoes, onion, artichoke hearts.
$9 and I barely finished it.  The Reading Market was recommended and should not be missed.  Very similar to the market in Pittsburgh.  You name the ethnicity and they will accomodat.Still my go-to for hard Italian grating cheese, fresh ricotta and certain cured meats (I also like DiBruno's, Downtown Cheese and Claudio's).
I buy certain things certain places and Salumeria is TTOPS for selection and value of Grana Padano, Parmegiano Reggiano and many others.
Great customer service - and a tub of Marcona Almonds to snack on.
I am ALL set!Holy cow, how did I not know about this place.  Thank you thank you thank you Lisa R. for the recommendation!  I've been to Reading Terminal Market before, but I've never diner here.  Grabbed a 12" prosciutto sandwich for $7.50 and almost fell over from the deliciousness.  How can a sandwich be this good?  Only ate half of it for lunch, then had the rest late night and the next morning.  It was almost better the next day.  Wish I lived in Philly so I could eat this all the time!Salumeria is always a can't miss when I go to the Reading Terminal Market.
I LOVE their Italian Sandwich.  As many of my friends know, I have a thing for a great Italian sandwich.  Salumeria probably has one of the best in the city.
I always add on some sharp provolone cheese and their hot peppers...they are amazing!!!  I could eat them with a spoon!  I actually got them to sell me some peppers and I went home and stuffed some chicken with them and their fresh ricotta...thats how much I love the peppers!  
Their house sauce is a MUST on my sandwich.  I also always order extra on the side.  This stuff is so good I want to drink it.  I wish they would bottle it and sell it, as well as jar their peppers to buy too!
The sandwiches are pretty big, not too expensive (considering everything here is high quality and SO DELICIOUS!), and easily shareable.  They have the perfect meat to cheese to bread ratio.  They are utterly perfect.
I like that you can order different sizes too, its nice to have an option in a place that sells so much in big quantities. 
They have great side dishes, pasta salads and other menu items as well.  I often will pick  up a pasta and some items from their cheese/deli shop side as well.
They sell cheeses, some meats and other items on the other side of their booth.  The service here is fantastic and the staff is always happy to provide recommendations, allow samples, and give recipe ideas!
Sometimes service can be a little slow, but its because the people here truly take their time with their customers, so I do not mind waiting a minute or two longer than other places at all.
I tell everyone who is going to the Reading Terminal Market to stop here.   I can't come too often because its  not close enough to walk from work during my lunch hour, and I am not usually nearby on weekends, but when I do come (and I try to whenever I have the chance), I will never miss Salumeria, and you shouldn't either!!  I am already drooling in anticipation of my next outing here so I can get that sandwich in my belly!The best sandwich in Philly. Period.
Yelp wants me to say more. Why bother? If you don't like the Italian hoagie here, you don't like hoagies. 'nuff said.All of the great info on Salumeria from my initial review remains true!  Furthermore, one of their friendly honest employees rescued my wallet that I stupidly left laying on their counter on a busy Sunday morning.
4 stars for counter set up + 4 stars for cheese selection + 137 stars for helpful honest people saving my day = 5 stars (as limited by Yelp).More than a sandwich shop!!!! This place has a great selection of fine cheeses and will treat you like they value or patronage. It is always a pleasure to shop and this store is my first stop every time!!!!I have bought a fair bit of cheese from this shop, but strangely enough, I had not ordered any food from their lunch counter. The Inquirer's high ranking of their Italian hoagie was a little unexpected when I first read the article some months ago.  So I was eagerly anticipating the opportunity to try it, but also hesitating out of a little skepticism.
I have to say that the Italian hoagie is excellent. All of the flavors are completely balanced and well-rounded. Each one of the ingredients shines through on its own, but also works in harmony with the others. One complaint that I often have with Italian hoagies is that the onion they put in can dominate the flavor palate. But there was nothing like that here. It had the right amount of heat, sweet, tangy, and savory.Everything you could want in an Italian combo hoagie.  Perfect sangwich.  What else is there to say?As a hoagie addict, who's no longer in denial, I have tried hoagies from probably more than thirty places in Philadelphia and Salumeria definitely comes in near the top of my list. The rolls are made fresh daily, cheeses and meats are cut daily, and the vegetables and sauces are always extremely fresh and flavorful.  My usual go to order is the 10 inch roast turkey with provolone, lettuce, tomato, house dressing, and parmesan sprinkled on top, but the Italian is just as good, if not better at times. During the hours of 12-2 (RTM "rush hour") the line can get quite substantial, and usually they are sold out of everything by 4PM, but if you can stop in before rush hour and them selling out you will usually have no wait at all.
All of the employees, at both the cheese counter and the sandwich counter, are extremely personable and are able to answer whatever question you may have. I have only bought cheese from Salumeria once but when I did I was in need of something that would compliment the wine and meat I had recently purchased and the young woman behind the counter was able to pick the perfect one for me. I have never bought any of their imported olives, but have heard multiple people rave of them, so I'll probably give them a try sometime in the next month or so.
If you're looking for a fresh and delicious made to order hoagie in the Market East section of Philadelphia there is no better place than Salumeria, guaranntee it.Stopped by here after the flower show when the terminal was mobbed. The selection of cheese was impressive and the salesperson was knowledgeable and friendly. The prices were reasonable too. Highly recommended.Went here for a sandwich on Sunday and was very impressed. I went with salami - and it was served in a fresh 6 inch baguette. Toppings were standard, but good. Overall, very tasty. I highly recommend!Sandwiches are delicious and made with lots of love. Everyone working there seems to be incredibly friendly. It's worth fighting the crowds of Reading Terminal.What a sandwich!  My brother ordered from here while I meandered aimlessly around Reading Terminal Market, totally unable to make a decision.  I saw his sandwich and it looked so darn good...so I finally decided to go for it here.  My sandwich artist (that may be a faux pas here, sorry) was very cool and we had a nice chat while she put together my masterpiece.
She let me try the house dressing first on a sample of bread.  I went for turkey with the works: house dressing, provolone, thinly sliced onion, roasted red peppers, hot Italian peppers, ARTICHOKES, romano and oregano.  Holy moly mo!  This was such a tasty experience, every bite full of many flavors, and very fresh.  The bread was excellent too.  Cannot go wrong here!The Italian hoagie at Salumeria is another one of my favorite sandwiches in Philadelphia. This location is one of my two favorite places to eat at the Reading Terminal Market.Just when I told myself that I had bought enough food to feed a small nation, I happened upon Salumeria. I had lapped the market several times on the prowl for the perfect deli to bring home some quality cheese. I knew that I would be picnicking at the bar with a friend the following night, so I wanted to bring some yummy cheese and some crusty baguette to bring home. After quick deliberation, I was offered a sample of this gloriously crumbly cheese (and for the life of me I cannot remember what it was called). 
Now, it is not often that I spend over $12 for a hunk of cheese. My cheeses tend to range between $4-7 from the grocery story deli case, so this was a splurge. What I loved about talking with the gent running the counter is that he was genuinely enthusiastic and knowledgeable about his products. I mean, the man really knew his cheeses.  
I hadn't realized they had a sandwich counter in addition to their extensive collection of cheese, meats, and condiments. I hope next time I can drop by armed with questions and more importantly my appetite for another cheesy adventure.I have a weakness for Italian subs (I grew up in the Midwest and find it hard to say hoagie) so I was happy that Salumeria satisfied my craving.
Nearly all parts of this sandwich were spot-on. Unlike some other reviewers, I found the pleasantly chewy bread to be the perfect counterpart to all of the the fillings. The meat amount was just right - generous without being overwhelming. I'm actually still thinking about the salty awesomeness of the salami in combination with the house dressing (seemingly the best accompaniment). I was initially feeling let down by the anemic looking tomatoes on the hoagie, but the meat combo, provolone, dressing and bread were so tasty that I quickly forgot that complaint.Their cheeses and house-roasted turkey are delish! The employees are very friendly as well. Their hours make it a bit tough to get here if you work, but it's worth it if you can make it!The Italian sub here is the only reason why I came to Reading Market! High quality meats for a fair price. The hubby wished there was a spicier meat in the mix like pepperoni, but other than that, it was delicious. Good ratio of ingredients and get it with the house dressing.I buy about 85% of my cheese here (sometimes I go to Downtown Cheese a few doors down, but Salumeria almost always has the best price).  I get 100% of my grating cheeses here - Grana Padano, American Grana, Parm, Romano, and more.
Love it!This was a truly terrific hoagie.  I dont know why New York cant make a proper sandwich, but i love how good they are in Philly.  Get the italian, get it with house dressing, and enjoy.  No seating at their stall, so you have to go over to the foodcourt style seating, or take it to go, but so what?  When the foods that good, its worth it. 
If your'e visiting from out of town, I recommend getting a few different things and sharing.  Stop by Tommy DiNics too.  Mmmmmmm.I love this place for their hoagies.  You can't go wrong with their italian. I think they have one of the lightest, freshest hoagies around. The first thing you will be asked is if you want house spread. Unless you are allergic to deliciousness (or dijon mustard), get it. You will then get your choice of a gamut of toppings. They brush the bottom of the bread with a healthy dose of their house Dijon Vinaigrette, add the lettuce first, and then start with the cheese. You have to ask for sharp prov ($.50 extra) and it's well worth it. They give you a thick layer of cheese to complement the meats they pre-slice that get slapped on from wax paper. Nothing too crazy, your usual ham, salami, and mortadella. The cold cuts are delicious and high quality (they should be, this place sells imported meats!). 
You can get the usual: lettuce, tomato, onion; but they also offer pepper spread, roasted peppers, and artichokes. The artichokes and pepper spread are awesome on the Italian. I feel roasted peppers are kind of played out, but I just can't help myself when they are free. I would rather get them and pull them off if they are too much than pass up a free topping! They also throw on a sprinkle of Parmesan. Delicious.One of the best parts about this sandwich is the bread. It is slightly crisp outside, but very light and airy. You can eat a whole sandwich and not feel like you are going to fall asleep. One of the others is the freshness of the ingredients. It's like a light salad on top of your salty, sharp Italian. I also get the same sandwich with turkey. It's a more healthy option, that retains all of the pluses of the Italian. They have my vote for best hoagie at RTM.These hoagies are unreal. We've been here twice for the Italians with everything; they will haunt me. I wish I could find sandwiches like this in New York. And, as icing on the cake, the service has been great both times. The woman who helped us on our first visit told us how to order an authentic hoagie, and happily made recommendations; the guy on our second visit chatted with us about Brooklyn while he assembled our delicious lunch. I want to bottle their dressing, and I want them to open up an outpost in NYC!!A wonderful selection of cheeses (and meats) in Reading Terminal Market.  I get fresh ricotta here as well as Grana Padano and other grating cheeses.  They have a house blend for $8.99 a lb and other types like reggiano and stravecchio for much more $14.99 or even $16.99 a lb.
Regardless, I pick up a few Olive oil tortas from spain, or Marcona almonds or figs.
A great gourmet find!the kalamata olives are to die for here.  always fresh, plump and delicious!  pass on the cheese.  Never tried their sandwiches or hot food but there's always a line for them!I went to the RTM on saturday 1/19.  I was in the mood for some different cheeses as I love to try new things.  I asked the guy at the counter if he could help recommend some good cheeses.  He went and got another worker that proceeded to put together 4 different cheeses for me and kept it within my budget.  I told him i wanted to try interesting cheeses but not break my bank.  He asked how much i was looking to spend, i told him around $20.  After putting together a nice selection he rang me up and it only came to just over $17.  He told me that putting together cheeses for customers that aren't cheese experts was what made his job so enjoyable.  He also suggested another cheese shop around the corner that had a must taste cheese.  All in all a great experience and I will certainly visit this shop everytime I am in RTM.I frequent both the deli and the cheese counter, and both are outstanding. The cheese selection is very good and the people who man the counter are knowledgeable and friendly. Cheese prices tend to run a bit lower than DiBruno's and other cheese shops around town. 
The deli is awesome. I typically buy either the prosciutto or the eggplant parmesan hoagie, and both are always good. This is one of the best businesses in Reading Terminal Market.Best cheese and veggie hoagie in the Terminal.  When I'm in the mood for a cheese hoagie this is the place I go. They are generous with the cheeses and fillings, well made and just fits in your hands perfectly. I would recommend this place.With so many delicious food choices at the Reading Terminal Market, I rarely consider the hoagie. Consider the hoagie. 
With other Philly hoagie haunts taking up space in my heart (probably literally), I don't often think of grabbing one here. Not too long ago though, while eating a path through the market, we did happen to split the Italian hoagie with the house dressing. Just to see. It's a good hoagie, I tell you. Ah yes. 
Salumeria has a nice variety of meats, cheeses, and antipasti deliciousness to take home with you. Split a nice hoagie to give you added oomph as you shop and roam. Hoagie strength will power you through. I know that I just said, "hoagie," so many times. It's the important clue here.Price fixing seems to be in full effect between Downtown Cheese and Salumeria and the staff at Salumeria was pretty blase bordering on rude. The meats were less than impressive and I just couldn't get excited.This is hands-down my favorite place in Philly to get a hoagie. When I used to be a vegetarian (before I caved to poultry), I used to go here to get their Mixed Veggie hoagie, which is delicious. They use a mix of green, red, and yellow bell peppers; zucchini; and squash for the mixed veggies. Then, of course, you can get cheese (pick the sharp Provolone!), lettuce, roasted red peppers, onions, artichokes... all the fixin's. The absolute best part of the hoagie, however, is their house dressing. Without a doubt my favorite dressing I've ever had on a hoagie. 
You can also buy various salads and pastas here (I recommend the Shrimp, Sun-Dried Tomato, and Crabmeat Linguine), as well as cheese. Their cheese cases might be the most beautiful things I've ever laid eyes on. If you're willing to pay a little extra money for delicious cheese (they even have Chimay and Guinness cheeses), then don't wait another minute to check out this place!Good sopresata  and toroni.It was vey crowded at the Market and I really couldn't take alot in a this point but this place seems solid.THE best Italian sub ever! Here's what to get: Italian with sharp provolone, lettuce, tomato, mayo, oregano, hot pepper relish, and the HOUSE dressing / sauce. I had it for lunch twice in two days. The only reason  I didn't have it for a third was because it was closed for Memorial Day!In the middle of the busy Reading Terminal Market, this hoagie spot might be missed. This would be a shame since they have some of the best hoagies in the city. Their veggie sub is my favorite in all of Philly. And like many spots in the market, the have levelup too.
There is also a cheese shop on the other side. But I've yet to try it out.Where do you go to order the best sandwich you've ever had, anywhere?
I go here, to Salumeria in Reading terminal for the roast beef hoagie. It is the perfect blend of ingredients and bread. They have their own tasty base coat that sets up the experience, and they put artichoke hearts on, if you wish. The advantage of a busy place like this is in the freshness of its offerings. Salumeria's ingredients are always excellent, always fresh.
Prepare yourself for a line. It's the cost of greatness.My go-to cheese shop! Love this place. Everyone that works there is so friendly and knows so much about each cheese. They aren't too pricey and have a great variety of cheese and meats. Usually pick up a third of goat gouda, a baguette and am on my way.Great products.
I always get the sheep's milk goat cheese. So good - like no other cheese I have tasted.
The red-headed counter girl is always so helpful and friendly (give her a promotion and a raise!). Shopping there is so nice and relaxing. I wish more places could be like this.I went to salumeria at 11:30am on 1/5/13.  I just needed a little proscuitto for a dish I was making.  The person at the deli counter refused my request for three slices.  He said that there is a quarter pound minimum.  He then turned to one of the other employees and started to mock me and tried to make me feel stupid for asking for three slices.  So I went to Dibruno Bros, where they were happy to sell me the amount  
that I needed.  Also, they did not feel the need to mock me right in front of me.  I will never purchase another product from SalumeriaMy work hours make it nearly impossible to make it to Reading Terminal when most gems are open. This weekend was an exception, and I got to experience the magic of Salumeria. 
We were cooking for a dinner party and needed recommendations for cheese(s) that would pair well with certain wines, as well as a cured meat or two, and were also looking for fresh ricotta for a dessert. These folks were so enthusiastic with their recommendations, and everything was absolutely delicious. Great customer service experience. 
They take LevelUp.I go here for the best hoagies in the city, especially their Italian Hoagie. And make sure you get the house dressing!