My BF and I visited Philly cuz we wanted to see the liberty bell. We arrived at probably 6am and we were hungry. By chance we happened to park next to Morning Glory Diner. We noticed that it received a lot of awards so we decided to check it out. 
I don't remember what my boyfriend had, but I had the breakfast pizza. At first, I was intrigued when I saw it..but when I tasted it...it wasn't as good as I thought it would be. I was expecting it to have some tomatoes but it didn't. Instead it had caramelized onions which to me made it taste a little weird...don't get me wrong I LOVE ONIONS but just not this time. Although I don't remember what my BF ordered, all I remember was it falling apart because it got sooo damn soupy! I felt so bad for him because he felt like vomiting.
So all in all, we did not have the breakfast experience we were hoping for but it was a cozy place and the service was ok.Get here early or be prepared to wait. Worth it, though. Great homemade biscuits! Fantastic omelets, pancakes, and French toast. Lots of occasional special riffs on any of the above, like seasonal berry cakes, etc. Sam's is one of my wife's favorites... And she generally hates anything other than a bagel for breakfast!I do not understand the hype of this place. The service is terrible. The seating is cramped. You have to wait forever outside (even in the rain). The food isn't even that good...
Well, except for the biscuits, homemade jam, coffee, ketchup, and pancakes. 
Get the grits, the potatoes suck.Why do people love this place so much?? What is with all the hype? I need to know.
I ordered pancakes, corned beef hash, and eggs. Boyfriend ordered some breakfast platter. Nothing was amazing! Well the bacon was amazing... But when is it ever not?
Did I order the wrong thing? I'll give it another go and maybe it'll be a hit. Oh and also plus points for the fact that they were very nice and accommodating for the baby.I could NOT believe that they made us wait outside. My husband decided to be the trooper, I went to the car. The wait was about 20 minutes for two.
My Belgian waffle was somewhat tough and pretty dry. My eggs were good, the cheddar was real cheddar. But the ketchup was a homemade conglomeration of something that tasted a little like barbecue sauce. The turkey bacon tasted like ham. The service was cool. I was sitting about 4 inches from the kitchen door which was constantly opening, giving me a nice breeze (sarcastic- I was cold!) and making me afraid that something was going to come clattering down on my head at any moment. 
My husband had french toast - which he loved. I tasted it and thought it was decent. He also loved his coffee- said it was the best he'd had in over a year.
I found the place to be way to noisy - I had to raise my voice to have a conversation with my husband across the table - it got so annoying that I just stopped talking. The service was good. I liked all the homey touches like the signs to be nice, also I thought the 'home on the range/doing time in Attica' metal coffee mugs were really cute.
The bill was reasonable.
 I plan to skip this place next time.Only been here once, but we liked it, a lot.  Pancakes were large, good and fluffy, bacon was crisp, fresh squeezed OJ was vg. Fruit bowl had a delicious mix of tasty berries, bananas and mango.  Nice bagels served with enough cream cheese for 2 whole bagels.  Coffee was plentiful and good, nutty tasting. Large container of homemade berry jam on the table.  BUT, maple syrup is extra!  I think it is sad when you serve a great pancake and crappy syrup with them.
We would all definitely go again.  Good for smaller groups, it is pretty small inside but they do have a little patio with a couple larger tables.
They were very nice people.The retro-diner atmosphere is still the best in the city, if you ask me. I think it's the only thing that keeps me going back though. The last time I was at MG, and that was quite a while ago at this point, I had the breakfast burrito, which I've found to be MG's most consistently amazing meal, was terrible. It was undercooked with runny, wet eggs and was terribly over-onioned. Prior to that, I'd had a few other breakfasts there that were so terribly sub-par from what I was used to getting that I just can't find myself wanting to go there anymore. There are way better options (ie: Cafe Lift and Honey's to name two).the food is excellent might be even better then my beloved honey's. though it lacks that certain it factor that honey's has-meaning i like the staff at honey's better. great mac and cheese, soups, pies, and french toast. I esp love their homemade whip cream it's like a dollop of heaven on top of whatever u r getting. not a huge fritta fan- i prefer a red blooded american omlete w/ my potatoes-  but it was also very good. i never had a problem w/ the staff like some people have warned me-they r always friendly enuff for me but then again im awesome. if u have a sweet tooth recommend the monkey bread french  toast and pie- excellent.Another great breakfast! It was good but I couldn't finish it, there was no more room. 
Yum!We didnt make it to the table. After waiting outside for an hour we walked in to only be disgusted. The place was filthy and they put us at the counter near the kitchen. We got up before they could attempt to take our order. Definitely would pass regardless of what people think of their food.Great place for breakfast! Salads or eggs. Bring cash though. No credit accepted.I moved out of town and I miss this place. I love breakfast food when done right. I love diner breakfasts but this is NOT your typical diner food. They make their own jams, ketchup, everything and u can taste it. Their biscuit are reason enough to come here. Big portions, priced right, food is awesome what more can I say? 
The waits are long but I just swing by Whole Foods 1 block away then come back. They really should add on but it wouldn't stop me from going there. 
Wish they would come up with a cookbook.This is one of the best places ever. I love everything down to their homemade ketchup. I've had their unexpectedly large breakfast sandwiches and a few other things.
I've only been here for breakfast however. It seems that you've got to get here SUPER early in order to beat the brunch crowd. Make sure you sign in, because I made the mistake of one time arriving before a wave of people, hadn't signed the sheet and thus my name didn't have a spot reserved. Big fail.
If you can get in at a time when there's no wait, this place is definitely worth it.Food is worth the long wait.  We were lucky to sit at the counter and I was mesmerized by all the activity.  I knew cooks have a tough job, but I have a new appreciation for all their hard work.  It's amazing how they time all the cooking.  Everyone seems to work so hard and they perform their tasks like clockwork.  
Anyway, back to the food.  
Breakfast pizza with bacon is delicious.  All the textures and flavors are a good mix.  The pizza crust is a tiny bit too thick, but the rosemary is a nice touch.  The carmelized onions add such great flavor.  
Had a bite of my friend's Monkey French Toast and really like the carmelized bananas and mangoes.  A sweet and satisfying combination.  
The ketchup has kind of a chipotle/bbq flavor and it's soo good.  
Even though it's so busy, the service is pretty decent.  Wished I lived closer to go back and try one of the frittatas and the Challah French Toast (the strawberry sauce looked amazing).Great breakfast. Burrito was great. Frittatas looked even better. But skip the potatoes and go for the grits.I just love this place for breakfast. The staff are friendly and helpful, the food is awesome and the atmosphere is laid back and accommodating. I live in the Seattle area and travel to Philly a couple of times a year for business. I try my best to squeeze in a trip to Sam's Morning Glory for a breakfast sandwich with turkey bacon. So good!  The homemade ketchup is an added bonus.Despite no changes to the menu, I've discovered a new way to appreciate Morning Glory: don't go there for a really long time so you can appreciate it like it's the first. 
I was joined this morning by a vibrant group of former college roommates. While we laughed our way through brunch, I enjoyed the egg white Gardenkeeper fritatta, a side of bacon, fresh squeezed grapefruit juice, and a steaming cup of coffee. 
If you're looking for that cozy, breakfast-time experience, this place has the vibe. Imagine a movie where Janeane Garofalo and Paul Rudd split french toast while discussing their wild and crazy Friday night, Ingrid Michaelson cooing overhead and The Waitresses shuffling plates from table to table. This place makes me feel warm inside.The Good
+ location
The Bad (everything else)
- wobbly table
- rude server
- pretentious staff and decor
The Food
The food was unmemorable, but the coffee mugs here are a shining example of the pretentious environment that values form over function. Their coffee mugs are constructed of rolled and brushed stainless steel. While some folks may think this is all well and good, the thermal properties of steel are not ideal for this mug design....  Your hand is burning one minute and the next, your coffee is as cold as the service.Came here about a month ago with a friend from out of town. I wanted to try something different from my usual spots. 
We had about a 10 minute wait. 
We were seated at the bar. It took about 10-15 minutes for someone to come and take our order. The food did not take long to come out. The food was pretty standard, nothing to rave about. 
Not sure if I will go backI'm surprised that this place only has 3.5 stars. The breakfast is delicious! Great coffee, great vibe, solid frittatas (Did I actually just say that?), awesome homemade "ketchup", and ... the cornbread. Definitely has a 5-star line just about every weekend.The service is quick. Prices are reasonable for center city area. They have a nice variety of specials that are usually seasonal. Definitely try the frittatas.Everyone who's been to Morning Glory would tell you that the wait is horrible, on average, you'd have to seat out on the patio for 30-45 minutes for a table for 2. I'm sure it's going to be even worse if you have a larger party. The service is at best a "meh", when you have that much business, it's understandable that the attention spans of the servers will be shorter,  I mean when their motto is "be nice or leave", they know they are not retaining customer by providing first class service. They can afford not to and they know it.
The reason drones and drones of customers are still waiting outside week after week is their food. I have no idea what they put in it that makes it so good, but it certainly is good. Monkey French Toast being my very favorite, is standard french toast done with bananas and mangos with whipped cream and a caramel sauce. It's a must have during mango season. Glorycakes (Pancakes) are light and fluffy and so are the very well composed  Frittatas. Though be warned if you're ordering Frittatas, you'd have to wait for another half an hour and at this point most of us are tired of waiting and are probably to famished for it. The Breakfast Burrito and The Breakfast Pizza are satisfying soft, eggy and savory and satisfying. The Pecan Waffle with the  whipped peach butter is every bit as good as it sounds. I love the home fries that comes with salty dishes, it's so good I'm convinced they sprinkled Maryjane as herbs and even me not being a corn bread guy am enthralled for a taste.
If you have the time and patience to wait for a table and have the tenacity and competitiveness to fight for the attention of your server, Morning Glory could be a safe haven for your taste buds. It's especially good if you are in the neighborhood during the week instead of the weekends, less wait and better service. You can even order Frittatas of your own design and some items that they don't have during the weekend.Needless to say if you know something about Philly, something about brunch and have been here long enough, Morning Glory better be on your list. 
The biscuits, frittatas, and pancakes are all done exactly as they should be, but just a little bit better. They don't try to get inventive and crazy because they just serve good, solid food that is consistent and awesome all the time. 
Yes, a trip there generally involves waiting. If you don't like waiting, it's not for you. The great thing is that they have a paper list, so if you want to run out and get some coffee in the italian market and then come back, you will probably not end up waiting that long.What the hell is wrong with this place?  Seriously,  DO NOT WANT!
The food was just not that good for the long ass wait we had, and the prices were a bit out of line.    This is the only menu I've ever seen where it tells you both that you will have an unreasonably long wait for your food (15-20 minutes) and to hurry up and eat (be mindful of those waiting)..   Seriously, that takes some balls. 
I had convinced my breakfasting companion to come here since so many people were talking about it. We were thankfully seated straight away by some rude waiter.  It took forever for a waitress to come over and then 25 minutes for the food to come once we had finally ordered.  Again, it was good but not OMG I CAN WAIT 25 MINUTES FOR BREAKFAST good.  
The crowd was an annoying mix of yuppies, hipsters, and your general not from Philadelphia scene of jerkwads ( That is the only reason I can think of why this place does so well is that it's a "quaint" place for people to be seen.  So that you can say you ate at Morning Glory and everyone can nod accordingly and mummer about how great their food is and how surly the service is.  I can't not stand this crap.  Where the hell were all the black people? This is South Philly at breakfast time!
I'll leave this place to the carpet baggers and go to get a breakfast somewhere else.Amazing ambiance and solid service. The menu is slightly more on the traditional side (I appreciate innovative brunch menus!) but everything was tasty.
Had the Brie & Onion omelet as well as the Monkey French Toast to split. The French Toast was really tasty- perfect for all those sweet tooths out there- and the omelet was a standard vegetarian omelet, though I did love the use of brie as layers on top of the omelet (see photo).
Again, nothing SPECTACULAR or out of the ordinary with the dishes but it's a cute spot (love the "diner" feel of the place) that is worth trying at some point.If I had to be really honest with myself - I think I love Morning Glory for the catsup sauce. They make it themselves - and mixed with a little hot sauce it's glorious.  Everything I order I just drown in the stuff... so I'm not sure I've actually tasted anything I've eaten there.
So I'm a returning customer - and I'll definitely get the craving to go again... but I think if you're in the neighborhood there are other places I'd suggest.Really really good food. And fresh!! Came here with my friend on a last minute breakfast run. We had pancakes, French toast, eggs, and sausage, and potatoes. Potatoes were seasoned, which I don't find is done often here in Philly!  We were waited on by Millie... effing awesome chick! She knew the menu, knew the clientele, and was very patient. I'd definitely recommend this place to every and anyone!This was one of my absolutely favorite breakfast establishments I ever have been privileged to eat in. I am not joking. The food was so good that I may consider a trip to Philly merely to eat here again. I love love loved it! The service was great as well! Just know to come early as the place gets packed. But anyway, everything is homemade. Even the ketchup is homemade! The eggs are fantastic, but the biscuits are truly extraordinary. The stewed apples are great as well! Honestly I left this place totally stuffed to my gills. All I can say is mmmmmm!!!!!!This place is the #1 choice for me when it comes to breakfast.  You may have to wait longer than you would like and the service is minimal but the food more than makes up for it.  I love sriracha anything.Even though I have a Sabrina's near me now, I still get cravings for Morning Glory. The ketchup alone is enough to make the trek worth it. I'm not a big ketchup fan in general (most of it tastes like sweetened tomato paste to me), but theirs is incredible. I always order home fries just so I can have some.
You can't go wrong with the challah french toast or the eggs benedict. I also love the coffee, and I find the tin cups charming.
Come prepared to wait, there are no reservations. It is a very small space, so the fewer people you bring, the better.Morning Glory is the best diner in Philadelphia.  Anyone who tells you differently is either a fool, or unwilling to wait a couple minutes for their heavenly biscuits, fabulous french toast, great granola, or wonderful specials that surprise and tantalize your taste-buds.  The home-made ketchups and jams complement whatever is on your plate and everything is cooked to perfection. 
Yes, it's small.  Yes, you will probably have to wait for a bit if you go on the weekends.  However, the friendliness of the waitstaff, the great coffee (and those weighted coffee cups!), and all the warmth of your very own kitchen make it an amazing way to spend a lazy morning.Had brunch here recently - pretty hipster joint; I was excited to go having heard great things, but this place didn't really knock my socks off as I had expected.  I did the make-your-own frittata with veggies and smoked mozzarella.  It was decent; they bring out a bottle of some type of sauce which I thought was ketchup - I was wrong. It's very sweet and I wasn't a fan.  I like that they have sriracha on all the tables, though. Being a huge brunch fan, I'd say I'd be less inclined to go here again.  I think there are definitely better spots nearby.Birthday brunch! I have been wanting to check this out since so many friends raved about it. I wasn't entirely thrilled with the meals.I hadn't eaten here in over ten years before this visit. I was really disappointed. I had a BLT which had hardly any bacon, or anything else on it but really thick white bread that was barely toasted. The potatoes were cold and seemed to have been made much earlier. My son's grilled cheese was bland; the toast was dry and the cheese used was stringy and dried out. This is also another place that in a town where lots of people drink plain iced tea, they make mint iced tea only. That last point is a matter of preference and I don't fault them for it.this place is a great bustling weekend brunch spot.
there's always a wait but it's guaranteed to be shorter than a lot of the other popular spots). there's a nice outdoor waiting area with lots of seats. inside, there's a counter where you can watch the food being cooked. the cooks and servers are generally shouting back and forth the orders, but it's sort of fascinating to watch.
the portions are big here. i usually get their tofu scramble that comes with some of my favorite potatoes i've ever had, a huge biscuit, and a little dish of cinnamon apples. they make their own ketchup and its super delish! my boyfriend got the neighborhood frittata and i stole a bite. fantastic as well! 
service is never bad here. the host promptly brings your coffee, you wait just long enough to decide what you want, and the server comes over and takes your order. they're really friendly. 
it's just one of those charming little neighborhood spots. it always feels like you're at some special little spot even though the whole world knows about it.Came here yesterday for brunch a little after noon and they were able to take our party of five. We were pretty starving and I'm so glad we came here.
I go the moglo benedict with smoked salmon and potatoes on the side.
My friend got the ann(a)'s frittata with the biscuit and potatoes.
Each dish comes with a thin slice of orange for garnish. Every time I come here I have to get:
1) the biscuit
2) the homemade ketchup
3) sriracha
and I am happy happy happy.LONG WAIT. Expect 45 minutes to get in the diner and another 25 to get your food. We were lucky that it was nice and sunny so we had a pleasant time playing monopoly deal in the park nearby. *Quick Tip* Monopoly Deal is a great way to pass the time. Anyhow, the diner is pretty small and the waitstaff/host are vastly outnumbered. We were given a seat at the bar which afforded us a view of the cooks in all their glory. It was fun to watch the beehive of activity and to see our meals being made. I have a newfound respect for the difficulties and stress that come with being a fulltime chef. They work HARD for their money!
The girlfriend and I shared a breakfast pizza. The thing just looks awesome! Pizza bread, topped with potatoes, carmelized onions, bacon, scrambled eggs and mozzarella. It was such a beauty. And I'm glad it tasted as good as it looked. Pair the pizza with some of Sam's homemade ketchup and you'll be in for a treat! The homemade ketchup was sweet, tangy, and a tad spicy. It was just amazing and I will never be able to look at Heinz ketchup in the same light.Found this place while in philly for a dr. appointment and it was very good! Large portions and pricing was pretty reasonable.I went here in October while I was visiting from NY and I have to say...I loved it...the biscuits made everything right even if some things weren't quite "great."  If I could have that biscuit recipe, I'd be in heaven every weekend.My partner and I have been coming here for years. Been together 5. Going on 6. Everything from their home made jams, biscuits, ketchup to their specials. Unlike Sabrina's they offer a country vibe with an eclectic staff that will warm your souls as well as your stomachs ; )  The Good: Jen is one of those women whose smile alone and saucy attitude will brighten up any rainy day. Jake with the mad skills in the kitchen. The Awesome: Try their Mac and Cheese. I'm a fatty and hands down their's is one of my top 3 in all of Philly.  The epic: Their brunch specials are grown up, reasonably priced, and delicious. Not to mention they have a station where you can take your cup of coffee to go! How amazing is that?  If they did catering it would be a dream to have them cater our wedding. When we have time from our busy work schedules, we make it a point to come here from time to time and relive our dates with brunch at Morning Glory.
The bad: The wait......but with that said it's frickin worth it.
The ugly: Gurl do not plan on eating anything else for the rest of the day or have any plans.....that shit is food coma central (but omg is the nap post eating delicious too)Good food. REALLY good food. I love brunch in general, but restaurants like Morning Glory cement my obsession with good breakfast places. Everything I have eaten here has been beyond delicious, and the coffee is always hot and fresh. 
Go on a weekday to avoid the crowds. Service is quick even when they're busy, the interior is quirky and bright, and they have an excellent sauce collection (homemade ketchup!)  Highly recommended. If I could give this place 10 stars, I would.I've heard a lot about this place. I went because my daughter wanted to try it. We were both excited after reading reviews and hearing about how good this place was. My daughter had the monkey French toast. She thought it was just ok. I had the roasted root vegetable frittata it was okay but nothing to get excited about. To me it was over cooked. The goat cheese and the egg had the same dry consistency. The vegetables were the best part about the meal. We also brought my two youngest granddaughters and they just had eggs and bacon and potatoes. Nothing special just your regular breakfast meal. One meal had to be removed from the bill because there was a long strand of hair baked into the biscuit (ewwww). I'm pretty sure we won't be back. I was very disappointed. I had had high hopes for this place.Great frittata and waffles! Amazing homemade ketchup and strawberry gel!My go to breakfast spot in the city. The food and the service is fabulous. It gets a little loud and crowded on the weekends, but the food makes it so worth it. When the weather is nice, there is a pretty decent outdoor space to sit. The peach butter is unreal - I highly recommend a side of it for their ginormous biscuits.Ive really come to love this place.  IDK.. i used to dislike their ketchup, now i look forward to it.  Ive found my breakfast item from here, and I'm all about frittata's now.  Coffee still is the best.. like for real for real..nahmsayingI love love love me some Morning Glory. So yes, it is a pain in the butt to wait outside, but the place is only so big and they do have a heater out in the courtyard. Besides I gladly wait for days for one of their homemade muffins(goat cheese and cherry is my favorite! Nom!) under a mountain of homemade whipped cream and fresh berries. My husband is addicted to their breakfast pizza and I'm addicted to the fact that I can get scrapple AND grits together in one place other than my own kitchen. Coffee is good and they keep the refills a-comin'. Also, 5 stars for their servers. However, for you baby-makers out there, due to wait time I would not recommend this if you have kids-but that's common sense right?One of the best breakfast places in Philly! It gets very busy but the line goes fast. The homed ketchup is delicious and the portions are very generous.This is one of my favorite breakfast spots! The food is amazing and they give you a lot of it! The staff is always friendly and service is outstanding. I highly recommend this place for breakfast.Wow, you wait so incredibly long here. We were a party of four and wanted to be seated at a table, so we expected a long wait, but 1 1/2 hours still seems a little over the top. In other words, this place is not ideal when you want to go brunching.
However, the food is practically perfect. The proportions are generous and the coffee bottomless, which is a perfect brunching kind of meal. 
The two dishes we tried were the breakfast pizza (with meat) and the focaccia sandwich (with meat). The pizza was a behemoth on a biscuit-like bread with bacon, onions, eggs, cheese, peppers and (I think) artichokes. It was awesome and filling. The sandwich was smaller but with a side of potatoes and the bread was delicious. This leads me to my next point: the spicy ketchup. This place makes their own ketchup, and it is scrumptious! Seriously, more places should make such a delicious ambrosia of a sauce.
The price is right too; despite the long wait, we would recommend coming again. Our entire meal with tip and coffee was $30 for the two aforementioned dishes. Definitely arrive early to avoid the wait though.Cute little corner breakfast spot. Open kitchen/dining concept so you can see your food being made. Food was delicious. Their homemade jam is a must-try. Def keeping this one in my breakfast/brunch rotation.Always crowded and pricey but the food is top notch and creative.  Breakfast here never disappoints even if I have to wait 15-20 min and spend $40, although for these reasons I don't frequent too often.Maybe I just catch Morning Glory on it's good days because over the past ten years I have had nothing but pleasant experiences.  I try my best not to go on weekends - the waits are RIDICULOUS.  Great spot if you can go out for brunch during the week.  Now that it is summer the courtyard is open which does mean that the tiny kitchen will get overloaded with all the orders.  They have homemade ketchup so if you want Heinz you will have to BYOB.  I have come to appreciate their 'ketchup' which is somewhere between the traditional stuff and a zesty marinara sauce.  The coffee is good and the dishes I have enjoyed here include the tofu scramble, breakfast burrito, and various incarnations of french toast.  I avoid fritatas as they usually end up dry.Saved by the following: BISCUIT, homemade jam, homemade ketchup, biscuit, biscuit, and biscuit.
Came for brunch. Surprisingly, there was no wait on a Saturday morning, and we got seated within 10 minutes of arrival. We got our coffee pretty quickly but had to wait a long, long time for our frittatas. I wasn't really impressed by the frittatas (pretty standard, large portion but not huge on flavor), but the whole meal was saved by that biscuit. 
Now I shall wax biscuit. Large, tender, moist, buttery but not butter-tasting (maybe they used something else?). Delicious with and without the jam. Why are there no other biscuits in Philadelphia? Why does this one set the bar so high? If I come back, I am coming for the sole purpose of eating biscuits. 
It's a cute place, nice decorations. A little on the cramped side, so beware if you're bringing children. Seating is low, so small parties are best. It's a very vibrant (read: loud) atmosphere. Definitely factor these things in for your visit.This place lived up to my friends' hype. But the five-star rating goes specifically to the almond pancakes special they served.  It is probably the best style of pancake I've ever had (practically up there with these heavenly coconut pancakes and coconut syrup we had in Maui.....)Sooooooooooo good! Loved the menu selections, the diner feel along with flowers adorning the long windowsill, and the coffee served in metal cups. 
My husband had the tofu scramble with potatoes and biscuit (not your normal biscuit but this chunk of yummy homemade bread) with ginger lemonade. I had the challah french toast with raspberry cream cheese topped with fresh berries. I love french toast but wasn't sure about the cream cheese, let alone raspberry cream cheese. But it was beyond yumminess. And not the sugary fake kind but the stomach-filling, healthy and fresh tasting kind. The maple syrup was just perfect. 
They also have homemade ketchup which had me raising my eyebrows when they brought it to the table. It was runny but once I dipped my potatoes in it, I was sold. 
Only bad about this place is the long wait. We got there at 10 AM with pouring rain. I had this hypothesis that with the crazy rain there'd be no one there. I was very wrong. There were 5 parties ahead of us and little room to wait inside so we all had to stand outside under the leaky table umbrellas. But with good humor and faith you'll eventually be seated, it was doable. And it turns out, worth the wait. 
I also liked our waitress. She was nice and quick to serve. Would definitely go again if we're in the area. Hmmm maybe tomorrow before we head back home!Aw man I wanted to love this place so bad. I went twice now and both times they have gotten my omelet wrong. Maybe it is because I am gluten free and cannot have their biscuits that I do not get the hype.... honestly other places have better value for brunch (and get it right!)I love this little slice of Heaven. A friend shared his secret with me. And all I can do is dream of returning to the French Toast. My first time was to a Nutella filled delight that had me lose my sensibilities. Almost licked the plate it was so good. Whenever I kick it with him he treats to Morning Glory. Love this place. Wish it was in Germantown too.Here from San Diego and my sister took us here.  OMG - so so good.  So many homemade, thoughtful dishes. I had vanilla lemon zest waffle and added blueberries and their own strawberry sauce.  Heaven.  I'll be back before we leave.  My sisters had their biscuits and potatoes and eggs.  Highly recommend!Delicious.  Ordered 2 specials Black and White stuffed French toast and Thank a Soldier Eggs. Both winners, check it out.Let me start by saying; Morning Glory can have its homemade ketchup because I want nothing to do with it! (I know it's has it fans and I respect that, but it's not for me.) 
Now let me say; folks, coffee is a hot, highly acidic beverage and I have no interest in having it served to me in a stainless steel mug like I'm Hawkeye Pierce. 
The food at Morning Glory is ok, but could easily be come by at various new and better brunch joints all over Philadelphia and you won't have to wait nearly as long to eat.I used yelp as a resource to find a place to try for breakfast while on my trip to philly. I had the cinnamon crunch french toast. It was exactly as described and delicous. The girlfriend had a meal of various breakfast foods. Their biscuits and potatoes are very good. Beware of their homemade gypsy ketchup. In my opinion it's too tangy and runny. I would probably bump the place down to 3 and a half stars if I could. They try to ram their liberal agenda down your throats here with witty comments on the menus and on the chalkboard wall. I prefer to keep politics out of my breakfast dinning. They also only except cash. So keep that in mind. The girlfriend loved the place but she's a little bunny snowflake. So it was right up her alley.This place really has the atmosphere down. Walk through the doorway wreathed in actual morning glories and into a classic diner setting. It's a transporting and relaxing feeling.
However, from there we hit a few bumps. They had no orange juice, for one thing. Whaa? Also, some things were still listed on the menu that were no longer available (like cherry chocolate toast). Our waiter was pretty disconnected as well -- never a great thing. 
The food made up for it, though. My pecan waffle with peach butter combined the best aspects of savory and sweet, the nutty waffle batter marrying nicely with the melting fruity topping. I was full for quite a while that day. 
The details needed to be tweaked, but Sam's serves a solid meal.I'd come here over Sabrina's in a heartbeat.  It feels like less of an ordeal and they aren't trying to live up some preconceived notion of greatness.  They just do their thing.  Yeah the service isn't always polite, and it's a bit crammed, but if you ask me, that adds to the charm.  I always leave Morning Glory feeling super full & satisfied.
Major props for being the only place in Philly (to my knowledge) that makes their own ketchup (I know it's a contentious issue, but I'm on the PRO side).  Some of my friends think it tastes too sweet for their liking.  
Their hours are not ideal & the wait outside is sometimes annoying, but they are very veggie-friendly, portions are extremely generous, and it's one of the few places where I actually enjoy sitting at the bar.  Now that I have my snazzy new bike, I'll definitely make a trip over here again soon.The short review: 
I'd heard such good things about this place before I went there - it's a shame my experience was so awful, mostly due to service. The experience might've been salvaged if the food was amazing, but it wasn't ... it was normal diner food. Overpriced diner food.
 If you're looking for an enjoyable, relaxing breakfast where you don't get yelled at for asking for anything, DON'T go here.
It might be different on a Wednesday at 10:30 am, but us poor work-a-day folks on a weekend brunch schedule deserve a decent breakfast experience too.
The amazingly bad details:
1) You'd think that a veteran breakfast joint would know to have a lot of food available on a Sunday morning. We tried to order FOUR different items off the specials list, and the server crossed off each one as we ordered it. He then checked, told me there was one order of X available, and ten minutes later, came back to tell me he was wrong, and that was sold out as well. How does a diner run out of food?? C'mon. It's ALL YOU DO, people. If you're a diner, you might want to, I don't know, have more food available. So we ended up with overpriced, normal eggs, pancakes, bacon. Fine if we're going to the Melrose. NOT fine when we pay $30 for breakfast for two. 
2) My companion asked if they could add bacon to the frittata - the server snapped "No special orders today!"  Um, okay. Fine. No need to be snippy.
3) Any server worth their salt will be able to deal with a busy Sunday brunch with minimal problems. This particularly cranky server forgot to bring the hot chocolate (after I reminded him twice), forgot ketchup, forgot the pancake syrup (twice), and totally forgot our order of grits. Then gave me a dirty look when I asked for these things again. I'd normally give some slack because it's busy, but when a server makes ME feel bad for asking for something a few times... well, that's pretty inexcusable. Again, it's what you do. Don't be bad at it and expect a good review. Or tip.
5) When we got the not-small check and noticed grits were still on the bill, we asked about it POLITELY. The belligerent server then snapped that he already took it off, and then said to the host (still within earshot to us) "I hate that f***ing table." Seriously? For politely asking one question after you've overcharged us, don't have anything on the menu, and forgotten everything we DID order? Bullocks to that.
You couldn't pay me to go back to the Morning Glory, and if a friend asked me for a choice between this place and another, I'm pretty sure I'd always choose the other. Shame.Shit dude I didn't know there was a Sam's in the name.
This place is fantastic. The service is amazing, the food is amazing, the coffee is amazing. Also the wait is too long, there's no booze, no outside, and worst of all, the low hard ceiling makes it LOUD AS SHIT in here, so even though I live next door I never ever come here ever. Hawthorne's is always right down the street and I know I can start eating within 7 minutes of sitting down.Monkey French Toast is my favorite!!!  If you get a frittata, make sure you take someone else with you to finish it.  It is ginormous!  Minus one star for long wait time and at times sucky service.  Minus another star for not accepting credit/debit.This place is truly a sleeper. Philadelphia is a great city for brunch and you always hear the same names being tossed around. Honey's, Green Eggs, Sabrina's. Although all of these places are amazing in their own light, I would put Sam's right up there with them. 
One Saturday afternoon my girlfriend and I attempted to go to one of the said named places listed above. The hour + wait wasn't an option as it was already late in the morning and we were on the verge of getting hankry. A buddy of mine told me about Sam's so we left where we were and came here. 
Sam's is located in Bella Vista, just a hop, skip, and a jump away from South Street and different from South Street, you can actually find a parking spot. Although the place was packed, we were seated right away. Some highlights of Sam's: everything is made to order, the breakfast creations are fun and unique, the coffee is hot and fresh, and everything is delicious. In case that is not enough to sell you on coming here, then let me tell you specifically about the food. 
I ordered the breakfast pizza which came with potatoes, caramelized onions, mozzarella, scrambled eggs, and bacon, and yes it was as delicious as it sounds. My girlfriend got the tofu scramble which was also phenomenal. I was also lucky enough that she gave me a few bites of the fluffy buttermilk biscuit that came accompanied with her dish. Oh and the homemade hot chocolate was also out of this world. 
I would love to come back here and will be sure to give them an extra star if my next experience is anywhere near this one! 
P.S. Come prepared with green as they are cash only!OMG me and my family loved it and the biscuit it's fabulous the atmosphere it's great. I will definitely  go back.Mo Glo is the best diner in Philadelphia.  Take it from two people who are from the Midwest and are obsessed with diner food.  My husband and I are regulars - we used to live around the corner so one might just assume it was a matter of convenience, but even now that we do not live in Bella Vista, we visit as often as possible.  We've tried the other places (Sabrina's, Honey's, Green Eggs, etc) and, for us, nothing else comes close.  The biscuits are the best I've ever eaten - crunchy on top, moist in the middle and just a tiny bit salty.  I love their pancake specials and am usually lured in - they are thick and fluffy, never greasy or flat.  My husband usually orders some kind of meat and eggs with a biscuit and side salad (the homemade dressing is amazing) but occasionally will branch out for a special such as biscuits and gravy (not to be missed!)
Please understand, this place is a diner - it's small.  Don't arrive after 10am on the weekend and expect to be seated quickly.  That being said, even when I've waited in the cold or rain, I've always thought it was worth the wait.Quaint little breakfast joint with good eats. They make their own ketchup, and serve every meal with marinated apples. I ordered a fritata and it came with the biggest crustiest,  fluffy biscuit ever. You can get grits with your meal too. The staff is young and dreamy, and the restaurant includes an outdoor patio.This was my Sunday ritua for breakfast and brunch.The host is freaking hilariuos. Although there is a good wait for a table, its all worth it their food is amazing. I love the metal coffee cups. I love that this place had its own personality.   The waitress will make you feel at home. I love this place and will keep coming for many years. Oh Morning Glory I Love YAThis is going to come off as pretentious, but to really enjoy this place, you need to have the right expectations. I see a lot of first timers coming in with big groups and immediately get turned off by the wait time and line ahead of them.
The place is small, and the place is popular so take it into account when you decide to go.  Sam's is not the type of place to go with a big group, or even more than two people in my opinion. If you aren't willing to sit at the counter before you make the decision to go there then you'll be pretty annoyed at the wait time. Go there by yourself (I've done it... call me antisocial) or with one other person and it should cut your wait time significantly as well as some of the tables really only fit two.
Onto the food, I think its great. I've ordered Steak and Eggs 80% of the time I've been there and its always been an amazingly flavorful and balanced meal: two eggs (choose how), steak, potatotes or grits, biscuit, and usually one other fruit-based side.
The coffee is great and they keep it coming. If I remember correct the juice is fresh squeezed. I also really like the homemade ketchup which I put on the home fries. 
Other items on the menu look great. I've had a few other items and remembered enjoying them as well.Large portions, decent prices, informal service, good with refilling waters (this matters), and most importantly: good food. Got the veggie frittata and it comes with nicely seasoned potatoes (though not very crispy) and a biscuit. I will say, the ketchup tastes strange. (not sure it was even ketchup tbqh.)My favorite Saturday morning breakfast cafe in Philly!!! Excellent orange juice, filling breakfasts, LOVE their morning potatoes with their home made ketchup. There is often a wait and it's crowded but so worth it!!!Today was nice day,,so my Brunch Buddy & I wanted to try out this place. 
Maybe its just me,But I determine my Rotation in Brunch places based on my Coffee.
Lets Start:
It's located on 10th & Fitzwater ,,you have to enter in the patio area, self sign in. Seating very limited, counter and only couple tables & booths. We sat at the counter,ordered our coffee which came in steel mugs-felt like  I was camping-lol. 
The blend was Morning Glory's blend, Sorry to say it was very watered down..couldnt taste coffee. Then after second refill..it was Only slightly better. Our waitress was personable, food was good, But Coffee not good..** Not good combo for me to return!!! The French Toast had bananas & mango drizzled with caramel that was on Point!! Not good enough for me to go back though-sad to say. If you can't get the coffee Right-it just won't work for me!!! : ( Sigh-it look so promising too.
For those who just wanna get their grub on, this is great, I need both to work..my coffee & food. Kinda like Peanut Butter & Jelly, it's a combo thing!!!Another one of my philly favorites. Amazing breakfast spot (probably going to wait a while on weekends, you put your name on a list). Its been a while since I've been here, but its always been really good. I like the coffee, too. Food isn't expensive, but is of good quality. I like the people eating and working here, too.I'd been here many years ago (before it was Sam's?) and had had a great experience.
Today's trip was less than memorable. Today starts a holiday weekend, so I am going to give them a pass for the long wait and very sloppy 11:00am outdoor situation.
Interior was very hot near the kitchen so I would suggest when going in the summer wait for a corner interior seat close to the10th street side.
The food was just... well- ok.
 I enjoyed my short stack pancakes- (meat side was very pricey for the small portion size) My s/o had the garden frittata. She reported it was heavy and dry. Apparently it was also a carb fiend's delight- as it had potatoes inside the frittata with an extra serving of potatoes on the side - Also came with homemade Biscuit (tasty)  
I try and go for the humor in these reviews, and would usually work to find one nice thing to say about a place that is giving its all to be a great spot  just south of downtown - an area that always needs great spots.
I think Morning Glory at one point gave it's all- and doesn't have much left.One of the best places for breakfast this side of Broad Street!  A smart looking diner on the edge of South Philly, the pancakes and egg dishes are all exceptional, with a generous use of seasonal fresh fruits and vegetables (right now they are using peaches in the pancake special).  The waffles are crisp, light, and tasty.  If you go on weekends, be prepared to wait.  I suggest trying it on a weekday instead.After waiting outside in the cold for over 20 minutes, I was ready to quit. But my friends urged me to wait just a bit longer - and I'm so glad that they did.
As soon as I had a mug of their delicious coffee in my cold little hands, all the awful memories of the cold melted away.  The stacks of waffles piled high, the fluffy omelets, the crispy bacon, the french toast, all aided in my recent memory loss as well.  The food was perfection.  My only complaint was that I couldn't shovel it in my face fast enough.  
I think that my boyfriend may be right, Philly is definitely a hotbed of amazing eateries.  Now if you could only teach the good folks at DC.why is this place _always_ packed? i'm not so sure. it seems philly peeps stick to a routine even if it means waiting for an hour for brunch. we go here on monday mornings and skip the weekend hangover zombie attack / infantilisation. babies are not appetizing unless you're an ogre or perhaps a mountain lion. 
food here is consistently better than sabrina's. specials are creative and i concur with others: the biscuit is the go-to choice if you're into dessert for breakfast. if you're not, stop reading this, call your bff, and tell him or her to get over there right now and slap you across your savory little face.
oh, yeah, they're open for lunch, too. being a vegetarian, i like the seitan cheesesteak. it's a different animal than govinda's, but still major-league caliber. 
i'd grant this place a 5th star if only the people i didn't like would stay away. 
one last tip: use the ketchup bottles to clear some space if the riff-raff get too feisty. they've got the necessary heft to intimidate accordingly.