Caramelized porn Bahn mi might honestly be the best in the city. Service is amazing, fast, professional, and friendly. The space is charming and cozy. Not too fussy or formal. Prices are higher than the dives on Washington ave, but worth it for quality and atmosphere.Whoa!  Is my take on this new Northern Liberties Vietnamese place vastly different from the critics' reviews?!!  Perhaps the critics liked the story of the owner's personal history of living in Vietnam which is very interesting ... but does it translate to a quality food experience.  Let me look at two items on the menu that I recently ordered when I stopped by to try Same Same out.  The famous Vietnamese Chicken Salad (Goi Ga Tuoi)  is on the menu but was I very disappointed in this offering - especially after having enjoyed wonderful renditions of this dish at a couple of other Vietnamese restaurants in Philly.  Here it was more like "salad with chicken" instead of "chicken salad" as it consisted mostly of shaved cabbage.  I could count the small chicken slivers on my fingers.  There were several very tiny peanut nuggets (or whatever they are called) that wound up at the bottom of the salad.  With a little fish sauce, the salad was pleasant enough for a side salad but hardly worth 9 dollars.  Then there was the Homemade Lime Shake.  This was a well-made drink but over half of my glass was ice cubes.  Is this authentic Vietnamese as this restaurant claims to be with over half of the drink filled up with ice cubes??  I didn't drink anything with ice when I was in Vietnam (for health safety reasons) but I don't remember seeing any Vietnamese street merchants loading their drinks with an over abundance of ice.  
Anyway, the service was friendly, the hot chilies they gave me to spice up the chicken salad were awesome hot...but that was it for me.  I'll leave this place to the critics and to all the other people who are finding Same Same a good addition to the Philly culinary scene.. My summary - "More chicken, less ice!"What an unexpected treat. Dinner on an early Sunday evening during a holiday weekend was terrific. Easy parking help, but loves my crispy tofu lettuce wrap. Less traditional than usual - came with half circle of rice sheet - was yummy. Putting lettuce with pieces of fresh mint and cilantro with matchsticks of carrots and a pile of rice noodles, and chunky slices of as promised crispy fried tofu. Rolling it up in a thick sandwich I bit in. Heavenly. Fresh taste with great texture. 
Others had rice bowl with sausage, not a drop left. The caramelized pork broken rice platter was nice but not extraordinary. Soup served with it thin and not especially flavorful. 
Service mostly attentive. Forgot it was BYOB. 
No need for appetizers. Stuffed when we rolled out so dinner fairly cheap. 
Thanks Craig Laban for your review.Came in tonight after having done a back of the bike food tour with the owners several years ago in Vietnam. Staff was friendly and attentive. We had the chicken salad, which was great. Then we proceeded to have squid and shrimp skewers. Both skewers come with a lime and salt and pepper to dip into. Shrimp were the standout of the meal. They were very spicy and delicious. We ate them with the shell on like we did in Vietnam. We ended our meal with the flan, which was served in a pool of coffee and coconut with ice chips on top just like all the street vendors in Vietnam. Great meal and great memory jog of our trip to Vietnam.Simple menu but great choices. I've tried several types of the sandwich and rice noodles and they are amazing. Definitely try the chicken salad. I've never had anything like it. Tried dessert recently (banana pudding) and it was the perfect ending to the main course. Haven't had anything here that I did not like. Looking forward to coming back.Amazing! Just had lunch here with my cousin and we both loved everything so much.  I got the spicy chicken thigh noodle bowl and she got the caramelized pork lettuce wraps.  They were both so delicious.  The server was really helpful with navigating the menu and making suggestions.  Everything came out hot and fresh.  Very pleased with this spot and will definitely be back.  Can't wait to try the Banh Mi next time!Same same is the fifth place to be at this little location and let's hope it stays awhile. Finally some new cuisine in the 'hood, I'm so jazzed!
After Aden, Copper,  koo Zee do and the short lived Mexican place (that I never even went to)  Let's hope Same Same holds down the fort!
Banh mis are awesome.  The bread is absolutely perfect, fresh and the right amount of crunch. And then the innards! Be it pork or the lemongrass chicken, the whole of it has a lovely amount of brightness with the herbs and vegetables. Add the spicy mayo and protein and each bite is just YUM.  The spring rolls served with lettuce wraps and more delicious herbs and veggies is on point. I am not fully convinced with the noodle salads, as the whole is a bit dry and needs a little soy sauce (right on your table)  to marry all the ingredients together.
Open for lunch, ambience casual and you can even take out if you like. Win!Been here a couple times, really like the caramelized pork Bahn mi and the rice noodles. The Vietnamese ice cafe is a must try as well...Not a fan of the salad...The decor has a family feeling which I like a lot compare to other dark restaurant decor. The price is okay, and the service is fine. 
来这边吃过几次，很喜欢他们的焦糖猪肉三明治和米线。越式冰咖啡也是值得一试。我不是特别喜欢吃他们的沙拉其他的食物都不错...他们的装修很有家庭感跟其他餐厅暗暗的装修很不一样。价钱适中，服务也还好。overall fantastic experience.  Food is amazing, with a uniquely fresh taste, with ample portions; however, the dishes don't make you feel like you need to get your stomach stapled when you leave like most of the gastropubs in the neighborhood.
 Lunch/dinner are both amazing.  We have tried mostly everything on the menu, but would recommend the bahn mi, chicken salad, and noodle bowl w/ pork confit.My lover and I went on a long lover's walk the other day to clear our heads after a long and sensual soak in the hot tub of the Welshly Arms Hotel, and we came across Same Same.  Maybe it was the ardent lovemaking, or the memories of times spent in the streets of Vietnam, bellies full of meats strange and familiar...whatever the reason, we were ravenous.   Plus, the kitchen of the Welshly Arms Hotel was closed temporarily by the Board of Health.
Greeted by a kind woman, we proceeded to order the exotic fare.  My lover had the sensuous pork spring rolls and caramelized pork banh mi.  I had the chicken thigh banh mi.  All the food was prepared delicately by the chef (who I might assume is the woman's lover) right before our very eyes.  My lover and I, crazed with hunger and teased by odors so savory and pleasant, could barely control our lust for one another.  I would have taken my lover right there on the counter if not for our waitress bringing our sumptuous food order.
The rolls and sandwiches were heavenly.  I was transported to a busy Vietnamese marketplace, lover arm in arm, the music of indigenous flutes on the wind.  My lover and I gave into our passions in that very street, scooters playfully splashing us with brown puddles.
If I may suggest to you, and perhaps your lover...if you are out on a lover's walk, stomach's crying out for an exotic meal, might you give Same Same a chance?Let me start by saying the food here is great. I really, really like it. Its what keeps me coming back even though Ive had some questionable service issues. I think they are just very disorganized? My last time in, we waited 50 minutes for our food. A bahn mi, and a cold noodle bowl should never take that long unless the kitchen is failing. It wasnt even busy in there. I also work in a restaurant and consider myself very understanding, but there was no acknowledgement of the issue. No "hey sorry your food is taking a bit, we are a little backed up with to go orders" or anything. Also, on a to go order a week or so ago, they forgot to include the sauce for my dish. I just wish theyd tighten up.
EDIT: They have not improved. Im starting to feel like Im in a bad relationship. The food is super good- I crave it weekly- but in 3 of my past 4 take-out orders, they either sent me the wrong food, forgot an item entirely, or forgot a main component of something. Its always a crapshoot. Im so bewildered. 
Same Same, I want to love you. Why are you making it so hard?So tasty, so convenient... I got the Bun Thit Nuong (caramelized pork noodles) and Vietnamese iced coffee. Perfect for a hot and humid night on my way home from work. Definitely looking forward to sampling everything else on the menu. Service was quick and very friendly. Highly recommended!!Oh my!! This place is unbelievable.  I had their salad, and today tried their tofu sandwich.  They were just simply incredible.  Very cheap too.  
I'm very lucky to be a block away.  Will definitely be there regularly.  I highly recommend it!!This place is a joke: not great Vietnamese, tiny portions, high prices...and they ran out of rice. It's more gimmick than substance.I have just finished consuming their Crispy Tofu Bahn-Mi, and while it was good, and filling, it felt lacking in texture and distinctive flavors. The Crispy Tofu was fried on the spot and while I appreciate the service, any sort of distinct crispiness was lacking. It may be more effective to use soft tofu with a crunch factor from peanuts or crispy shallots. The spicy mayo was, well, spicy mayo. It did not particularly stand out in flavor. Overall, the Bahn-Mi was good, carried authentic flavors, but lacked any of the wow factor I was expecting from reading these other reviews or from a chef trained at Alinea,I heard great things about this place and was excited to try it.  I must admit that I was underwhelmed by the restaurant.  I ordered the lettuce wrap and the proportions were unbalanced...not enough noodles and side dishes versus lettuce. I don't know if I would come back.Lived up to the early hype. Banh Mi's were awesome and the staff couldn't have been nicer!Same Same is going to be special. Not yet, not now but in a year's time, lines will be out the door for sure. They just opened so yeah, there is some growing pains (e.g. plates take too long to come out, some of the grilled meats are over-charred for my liking, etc.).
The indoor vibe is just perfect, as is the limited menu selection - mostly vermicelli noodles and bang mi (hoagies). There is even a cozy outdoor seating area (although seating overall is somewhat limited). There is no pho, or derivations thereof here, ladies and gents - thank God for that (let that be South Philly's thing).
Same Same specializes in delicious and authentic Vietnamese "street" food.  Becoming popular is a double-edged sword but it deserves to be a go-to place in Northern Liberty's burgeoning food scene.I was taken here for my birthday by friends who know I love a good veggie friendly banh mi. We enjoyed Quick and friendly service (they pulled tables together to accommodate a lot of us in a tight space) along with our sammies, lettuce wraps and egg rolls. I will definitely be backGot the pork spring roll appetizer and the caramelized pork banh mi sandwich... both were killer and really flavorful! The bread in the banh mi was perfectly toasted and crispy, as were the spring rolls. The pork was delicious! 
Husband and wife duo were super friendly and the vibe of the place (especially the outdoor area) was perfect! Can't wait to go back!I really liked the atmosphere at Same Same and I'll rarely turn down a dinner at a BYO, but I didn't leave extremely impressed. I tried the pork confit broken rice and my boyfriend tried the pork banh mi sandwich. Both dishes were good but nothing extremely spectacular.
Service was great and I enjoyed the coziness of the restaurant. I'd come back to enjoy the garden seating when the weather is warm.We just stopped for lunch and had a wonderful meal. 
Great atmosphere and the staff were very friendly. 
You need to try the bread pudding for dessert. 
The Vietnamese Coffee was excellent !
We can't wait go back and further explore their menu.Was interested in trying out the food here since Vietnamese is my favorite cuisine and was neither impressed nor disappointed in the food.  Effectively it was very mediocre.   I ordered the Pho beef confit, meatball banh mi and the omnivore appetizer.  Everything tasted slightly saltier than what I am used to (including the fish sauce which didn't have that touch of sweetness I am used to).  I thought all the ingredients were good quality but it is expensive compared to the Washington Ave locations.   I thought the space itself was pretty nice and did the illusion of a small indoor/outdoor cafe in Asia.  I would definitely go back but would not make a special trip.
One item to note is that none of the employees in the kitchen were wearing gloves which is something that I do not like but not uncommon.Service was disappointing. Appetizers took almost an hour to arrive and one of the apps still didn't arrive until after our entrees - with no acknowledgement by the staff. They confusingly mix red and white glasses as water glasses vs other beverages, so it was inevitable when the waiter poured water into my Lemongrass Ice Tea. 
The entrees were good, with all 6 of us enjoying our variations of Banh Mi and the Mon Nouc soup. The only meat available without MSG was one of the porks, so be careful if you're allergic. The appetizers were less impressive, with the Pork Springrolls being overfried and the Crispy Tofu being too dry.This review is based only on the tofu bahn mi which I had during a street festival. It was freakin awesome. I should've had another. Perfect bread and great flavor.  I want another right now and no doubt will be back for more!!This is by far our favorite spot in Philly.  The food is always fresh.  Really, really good.  They are creative with their menu, and the staff is very warm and friendly.  Love!The food was delicious and the ambience felt very relaxing and authentic (it should be since the owner/chef and his Vietnamese wife/hostess apparently just returned from leading local food tours in Vietnam for years!).  The Banh Mi bread was just perfect.  The house-made drinks (lime shake, lemongrass iced tea, etc.) were all tasty and refreshing.My boyfriend and I tried Same Same for the first time last night and it did not disappoint! It has a really cute backyard and the inside has a great atmosphere.  We had the pork spring rolls, the spicy chicken bahn mi sandwich, and the lemon grass chicken rice noodles and devoured all of it. Everyone working was really nice and friendly which made our dining experience even better. BYOB is always a plus too! We will absolutely be returning.Taste is thy name, taste is thy game. This review is strictly for the pork Banh Mi and for take out. I've had a few pork Banh Mi in my life, and this is probably the most tasty one to date. I walked in around 12:30 on a nice warm spring day and walked out within 15 minutes with my sandwich. Lots of different spices, and even a bit of a kick can be found in this awesome wich. Whenever I get my Banh Mi craving, I will be back. I'll also probably be back for some of the other parts of their menu.Glazed Pork Banh Mi (Viet Hoagie) was delicious. The caramelized pork was great against the pickles vegetables and seasoned mayo.  The bun was great.Love love this place.  We have spring rolls, bun, and banh mi.  Best springs rolls I have had in a long time.  Everything was delicious.  Our food came quickly.  Will be back repeatedly.So psyched this place is in the 'hood!  Been here 3 times in the last 2.5 weeks and totally hooked on the tofu banh mi and really enjoyed the bun.  I understand they're paying NoLibs rent, but the emphasis on "affordable" is pretty ridiculous considering an entrée is $9.50 and the 3 very small spring rolls are $5 (website says $4).  It's not like it's "expensive" or totally unreasonable, but compared to prices for the same dishes at other Vietnamese restaurants in Philly it's sorta silly.Arrived here on a Friday night for some good vibe but the waitress at this place totally killed it. We were seated nicely in the back garden. My friend ordered a pork rice platter and i got the chicken noodle soup. 10 minutes in and i found a fly in the soup, i thought it was no biggie because things happen. However, i never got an apology from the waitress. All she did was claiming that because we ate outside and the fly must have flown in while i was eating it. I mean i could have noticed it when that happened... She tried to make it like it's my fault. Then she asked what i would want to do with it, even suggested me to get a "replacement". Who would want that same bowl of noodle that had a fly in there ??? So i get the pork rice platter instead. Well guess what, i got charged for both with a "15% friends discount" for the soup. Not a friendly move at all, and definitely not something that a good friend would do. It was so unfair of you to treat your customer like that. Definitely not coming back here.Ordered to go. Bit of a wait buy food was awesome! Staff was pretty nice and quick with everything. Just a quick stop by and everything was great!Definitely not street food prices!  
I was really griping that the place they get their bread from, Ba Le, sells their Bahn Mi for $4.50 (Same Same is TWICE as expensive), but I have to admit I prefer Same Same's Bahn Mi and look forward to eating it again.  The proportions of ingredients are balanced a bit better at Same Same.  
They seem pretty stressed and nervous in there.  I hope they find their rhythm because they could have a steady business from the new offices in the area--as long as they don't keep jacking up their prices so quickly! 
Glad to have them in the neighborhood--even if I'm salty that they are overpriced.Yesssss!!! New favorite place to eat at.
Fresh, fresh, fresh and very clean food. Exactly what I like. No fried, greasy meals just refreshing meals.
Cost is around $10 per meal.
Service took a little long. Waited for food longer than would like to.
Great for Vegetarians!!!Thoroughly enjoyed eating here for lunch; the location, food and staff all deserve five stars! I highly recommend their outdoor seating, the garden in the back is very charming. 
We had the caramelized pork banh mi, the ba con heo lettuce wraps and the lemongrass ice tea. The banh mi is a must get, it was the best I've had in a long time. The lettuce wraps are an experience and I recommend it if you enjoy Vietnamese summer rolls. It's basically roll your own summer rolls with all the ingredients except the dipping sauce is not the thicker peanut sauce it's fish sauce instead. Very fun and tasty! We enjoyed the caramelized pork the most out of the ba con heo dish but the pork confit is also very good. 
The service was a little slow but they made up for it with complimentary prawn crackers, which look like styrofoam and crackle in your mouth but the dipping sauce tastes like delicious guacamole. I will definitely be back again!- TIP:  Banh Mi is pretty good - crisp bread and tasty caramelized pork.  Actual platters are bland and completely uninspired.  
- CON:  Noodle bowls are very plain, but I suppose they are meant to be.  They also somehow were completely out of chicken the night we tried it. Pho is just plain bad.  They use short noodles (no slurping?!), and the broth lacks the depth and character of an authentic pho.  
- BOTTOM LINE:   Either go down to Washington Ave (Nam Phuong, Pho 75) or Chinatown for Vietnamese food.  Skip this place. I suspect the reason why it's rated highly is for the BYOB & atmosphere, but the food is extremely disappointing.Came all the way from the Bronx to try this place and was not disappointed.helpful and attentive staff. Very patient when it came to explaining items in the menu. Their green hot sauce was amazing. Would def make the trip again. I got the caramel used pork dish (not sandwich) n it was amazing.Just slightly obsessed with this place. First time I ordered take out. Second time I dined in. Both times there was a party in my mouth. The crispy tofu bahn mi is so ridiculously good, it's hard to put into words just how much I love it. The vegetarian spring rolls are also off the charts. Seriously, I can't get enough of this place. I'm going to basically be a Same Same stalker and eat here like 6 days a week. Give me all the crispy tofu!!Me and wifey needed a bite before a concert at the Filmore. Same Same looked cute and we both wanted to try a good ol banh mi. We sat in their backyard area which is pretty small but romantic. The pork and chicken thigh banh mi's are to die for. The lemongrass mint drink is BOMB. The ginger tea may make you choke with the overpowering taste of ginger. One thing i couldn't take was the slow service. It was literally only 3 other couples at the restaurant and couldn't catch the waiter to save my life. Would we go back? Meh.The cook is a magician, I had the vegan curry one of the best meals I've had in a while.So happy this placed opened up!!! Not only is it amazingly good but also super authentic!!! So so dam good!!!!Delicious food, everything is good it has become our go to place when we don't feel like cooking. Service is really nice too. Highly recommended.
Our favorite are the pork spring rolls, caramelized pork ban-mi and lemongrass chicken rice noodles.new casual vietnamese place in the old koo zee doo spot.  i missed that open kitchen.  anyways, the menu doesn't feature any vietnamese soups like pho or bun bo hue or iced coffee but this is just their opening menu.   lunch service however was slow, but it's only been a few days since they opened the doors, so hopefully they improve.  I had the spring rolls which were probably the best i've had in the city compared to vietnam house, pho xe lua, and pho saigon. The banh mi sandwich was pretty spot on, although  a little different from the standard.  They toast the bread with butter and add a heavy dose of spicy mayo.  not sure if they put any liver pate in there.  the sandwich is overflowing with their really tasty grilled carmelized pork and light on the pickled veggies and cilantro.  i'm not complaining.  I cleaned my plate and I'll be back for more.Our office recently moved into the neighborhood, and read about Same Same opening up. We had to wait a few months, and its amazing.
I just had the pork meatball/sausage banh mi. I'm in love, totally and completely.  the warm toasted baguette and everything that goes into it simple, but perfect to my palate.
Don't stress chef, your orders don't take long. You're doing great, and thanks for being here!  Already seven other co-workers have been raving.Really worthwhile. Highly recommended, based on 20 years of eating Vietnamese food in New York...Same Same appeared on a list of top underrated restaurants in Philly - and I totally agree that it doesn't get the attention it deserves! I love the vibe of this place - it's very low key and cosy, with an open kitchen and decorated with knick knacks that the owner brought over from Vietnam. I went on a super gloomy rainy day, but the cheerful, quaint interior with twinkling lights on the tree right outside the restaurant put me in a much better mood. Our server was also attentive and friendly! 
For the food - I'd describe this as gourmet Vietnamese food. Yes, it can be a little pricey, but really it's no more expensive than an average meal out and you're paying for quality food. I got the broken rice with caramelized pork (~$10), and it was presented in such a delightful manner, with all the components laid out. The soup that came with it was simple (vegetables and ground meat), but warmed me up and was flavorful without being greasy. I love the caramelized pork - it really brings out the flavor of the meat, with crispy bits for good texture. The side of pickled vegetables was also surprisingly yummy. My dining companion got the caramelized pork bahn mi and caramelized pork lettuce wrap (spot the pattern here?) - the lettuce wrap comes with rice paper sheets that you moisten with water in a little spray bottle, after which you can pile the ingredients on the sheet to build the dish, which adds an element of fun to it.
All in all, Vietnamese food presented in a delicate manner - the meal was filling but light so you won't hate yourself after.Being a huge fan of Vietnamese food, we were not impressed with this fairly new Vietnamese street food place. The flavors seem like they are missing something. For the price you pay, you might as well go to Washington Square area for better quality. Service was really good though and everyone we met were super friendly and helpful. It's small inside but there is also outdoor seating available for nice weather.
Food comments: 
1)Caramelized Pork vermicelli bowl: Just okay, had better. Pork is flavored decent.
2)Caramelized Pork wraps: Just okay, mostly veggies.I absolutely love the caramelized bahn mi sandwich.  It is the best Bahn Mi I have ever had, and I have been eating bahn mi for over 25 years!This place is not bad if you want Americanized Vietnamese food. I ordered a vermicelli dish with duck and my fiancé had another dish that he couldn't recalled because it wasn't memorable at all. The fish sauce was bad and extremely salty. Even so, I probably will come back to try more dishes. Hopefully we will find something worth adding more stars.Nice addition to the No Libs area.  Food was good, service was great.  Unlike some of the other reviewers, I thought the prices were good.  I had the Noodle bowl with tofu and a diet coke.  For $11, you can't beat it.
The only thing I was not a fan of were the napkins.  Or should I say the toilet paper roll in a napkin-like dispenser masquerading as napkins......Delicious! I've tried the caramelized pork banh mi and the southern style pork sausage noodle bowl. Both were very tasty. The lemongrass iced tea with mint and lime is very refreshing. I loved the outdoor space, too! Definitely worth trying!Finally got to this place this past weekend (6/13), and it was fantastic! Came with a party of four, and we ordered from every section of the menu - sandwiches, noodle bowls, spring rolls. Food is simple but very well done, with a nice balance of seasonings, good spice, great sauces (but not overly sauced). 
I had heard some concerns about the service, especially when they first opened, but we had excellent service. You order at the counter, which we did, and the food started coming out within 10 minutes. Even when we added on more stuff later in the meal, it came out within 10 minutes of our order.
This location has houses several other restaurants during the past 15 years, and it's a fairly small place, with the kitchen right in the front dining room. So it's best suited to a casual environment, which is what Same Same is - the "street food" theme is carried through here, so don't expect luxury dining. There are fans in the back room to help out the A/C; there are no tablecloths; serving spoons and chopsticks are stashed at each table along with the condiments; and the napkins are rolls of very thin paper. 
As long as you understand the concept (and if you've ever been to a Pho place or Chinese noodle bar), you'll be in great shape.
Oh, and the food is incredibly cheap, like $15 a person even if you're hungry and order a lot for the table.
Highly recommended!I was extremely excited when I saw that a new restaurant was coming to 2nd Street and even more excited when I saw that it was going to be Vietnamese food. 
I was disappointed on my first two visits to find the restaurant closed despite it being normal business hours. The first time was because they had run out of food (read a sign in the window) and the second was due to a private event (even though the place was empty).
I finally got lucky on my 3rd visit and was able to get in. I find the decor interesting and I like the open kitchen. On my visit I had the grilled pork meatball sandwich. The roll was nice and the contents tasty. The price of $9.50 was not appropriate though. 
The amenities are collected or cheap. I don't like the flimsy tables or the toilet paper like napkins at the tables.
On my 4th visit I found the restaurant closed again (they changed their hours) and on my 5th visit there was a line at the ordering counter. 
They will need to make some changes to get me back: 
Lower the prices. You can't advertise it as street food and charge fine dining prices.
Have consistent hours. Monday to Friday for lunch at the very least. Why close between lunch and dinner? You should never pass up banging out a quick bite for a new customer while I prep for evening service. 
Get a professional looking menu. The MS Word docs in black and white scream that this is your hobby, not a business.
In closing I will say that poor business practices fed by a seeming lack of commitment will drown out the good eats within a few months unless something improves.Great Vietnamese food (grilled octopus skewers were particularly amazing) prepared and served by the coolest, kindest staff. Thank you so much to server Christine and chefs Will and Jabril for making us feel so welcome. We'll be back soon!Had the Pork confit bahn mi, it was delicious.  And filling, a typical bahn mi from South St would be enough as a snack but here it's a meal and at a higher price point it has to be.  Another pro about this place is that you don't have to schlep all the way to south philly or no parking Chinatown for a Viet fix.  I'm willing to try other dishes.I started with the homemade spring rolls wrapped in lettuce with the Vietnamese sipping sauce. Everyone has had a spring roll so i'll spare the hyperbole but they were piping hot and delicious, great little appatizer. i then had the chicken Ban Mi. Chicken was perfectly cooked and perfectly seasoned. The bread is just a bit crunchy on the outside and soft on the inside. All of the toppings were fresh and it was honestly one of the best sandwiches i've ever eaten. Everything is very affordable and the outdoor seating is a nice touch. I also had the iced coffee with condensed milk and it hit the spot. Best new restaurant in Philly in my opinion.Delicious and fabulous addition to Northern Liberties. Brand new and already buzzing with great press and food that completely lives up to the hype. I really appreciated the amount (and quality) of the vegetarian options. Definitely the best vegetarian spring rolls I've ever had! Best of all: $20 covered dinner for two.Just what this neighborhood need. Laid back with reasonable prices. Great place to have a casual dinner. Great Vietnamese food not as authentic as some other place but still delicious. (I think their fish sauce is a little too watered down)This place has good food and trendy decor. That being said a friend and I were the only guests in the restaurant and we waited 40 minutes for a banh mi and some broken rice. I also don't like that this place is table service when their menu is much more fast casual.Same Same isn't just good, it's great. I used to be addicted to Banh Mi's from QT in Chinatown, but Same Same has caused me to become a cheater. Their caramelized  pork is delicious and the bread has just the right amount of crispy-ness.
In addition to food, the girl at the front is extremely sweet, fast and helpful.
I'm very excited to Laban's article to come out so that this place can get the recognition they deserve. Keep it up guys and welcome to the neighborhood!I can see why the reviews were so positive.  I like this place a LOT.  I managed to get here twice in the last week and look forward to my next lunch trip there.  Same Same has a pleasant staff, a nice atmosphere with outside patio seating too.  I enjoyed the food very much.  
Apparently theres three forms of lunch to choose from: their celebrated "banh mi", the noodle bowl, and the lettuce wrap.  You can choose your type of protein "chicken, pork confit, caramelized pork etc.." and they bring it to your table.  So far Ive loved the caramelized pork banh mi.  The meat and the rolls are perfect!  Today I went with the pork confit noodle bowl, which was very good indeed.  It reminded me of a vermicelli dish you'd usually find in a Vietnamese restaurant.  At first I found it appeared quite dry, but apparently they had already added the vinaigrette sauce you usually get on the side of a vermicelli dish.  If you mix it a bit, it's great. The flavors are outstanding.  OK OK, I'll stop gushing on this.While I was ready to go on a hater's rant about how this place isn't authentic and other such pretentious foodie nonsense, I found that I really couldn't.  The food here is delicious.  
I've been here a few times now, but found myself generally ordering the same things.  Usually I'll get some banh mi's, chicken salad and the pork/taro spring rolls.  The chicken salad and spring rolls are good and a nice compliment but I can think of Vietnamese restaurants with better.  However, their banh mi's are very good.  It's not exactly like the traditional ones, but they their version well.  This is really all that matters at the end of the day.  
The place is cute, the service is friendly, and their lime milk drink thing is also good.  Like others have said, it is a bit pricey so maybe I wouldn't frequent it as often as I'd like.  But I will definitely be back, hopefully to eventually try other items.This place is my new favorite place to get a quick, fresh, and healthy meal. The atmosphere is very unique. I like how they bring the Vietnam street food atmosphere to philadelphia. The owner is awesome and makes amazing food! Anyone who Worths negative reviews don't know much about good food...I got the crispy tofu banh mi. The sandwich was very tasty but the price was too high for a banh mi. There are a lot of good banh mi places in philly for cheaper. I'd probably go to one of those places.I used to LOVE this place.  It was my "go to" for a local bite to eat.  I had heard the rumors, and noticed myself, that service times were very long and unpredictable.  I'm really disappointed that the last time I went to Same Same, will forever be the last time I go into their restaurant.  My party and I waited over 45 minutes for our food.  When we arrived the place was fairly calm.  As it began to fill up and no food was coming out of the kitchen (for anyone), I began to get nervous.  Keep in  mind that we ordered a bowl of noodles and chicken, one hot and one cold.  No appetizers, no drinks to wait on, nothing... and still over a 45 minute wait.  What really got my goat is that the staff seemed to lack all awareness that something was wrong.  Never in my life have I had to wait 45 minutes for a meal. Especially noodles and chicken.  Next time, I'll be giving my business to a different local restaurant. Sorry Same Same.Excellent fresh Vietnamese food. The noodle bowls could be just a little bigger but they are so tasty it hardly matters. Great staff and great food.When I first walked in, I thought, wow, the atmosphere is not great. The lighting is terrible, but I am sensitive to mood lighting :) 
The kitchen is right there behind the register. You order at the counter and then they bring your food to the table. Prices are great for the amount of food you get.
The lemongrass chicken banh mi was really good. The roll was perfectly crusty on the outside with just enough give to the bite. I would've liked less or no spicy mayo, but I'm used to an authentic banh mi. I think it overpowers the pickled veggies.
The pork and taro spring rolls were served with fresh lettuce leaves, herbs, and pickled veggies. They were top notch as well. (The appetizer comes with 4 small rolls)
The Bun Cha Gio (spring roll with rice vermicelli) ranked just the same. It was soo good and was a good sized portion.
They have a self serve water station, and have bottled drinks in a small fridge.
I will definitely go back to try the other items on the menu. They do have an opening menu right now that's not reflective of the menu on their current website.My new favorite place to eat. You must try the Viet Jawn just as mouth watering as the Instagram pictures.... And it's BYOBPlace is amazingly fresh and delicious!!! Very nice people and great service.My new favorite place to eat. You must try the Viet Jawn just as mouth watering as the Instagram pictures.... And it's BYOBThe flavors are there. That was the biggest surprise of all. 
I think, and hope, this business will do well in No Libs. The pricing is a little steep for Vietnamese food in Philly in general, but the location and flavors kinda make up for it. A group of 3 ordered the pork/taro spring rolls, 1 banh mi thit nuong (cut into 3 as requested), 3 noodle dishes, 2 Viet iced coffees, and 1 iced tea. 
The pork and taro spring rolls were small but tasty, and the fish sauce it came with was PRETTY spicy. I love spicy food, especially spicy Vietnamese food, and it pushed me a little bit.  I would love to see this paired with rice paper and noodles in the future as an entree - wink wink. 
All 3 noodles dishes were good. Good portion size, but not as heavy on the meat and veg as other places, which is alright. A more mild fish sauce was at the bottom, but I think we should have been offered this to be on the side. 
The banh mi was also good. Surprisingly, satisfyingly good. $9.50 is very steep for a banh mi; I could get 2 (or almost 3!) at some of my staples in South or Northeast Philly. I'm usually a stickler about pate or French butter on my hoagies, but the mayo had a good calming effect to the spice. 
Con: I was literally thirsty all night after my meal. I didn't feel that I particularly OD'd on the spicy fish sauce.
I would go here again, upon invitation from another that wants to go. That's saying something since I'm a creature of habit when it comes to my selection of Asian eateries.In one hand I hold a caramelized pork bahn mi, the other is reaching for the leg of this last chopper...if it comes to it, I'll let go of the chopper.MSG warning!  As is common in Vietnamese food, they are using MSG, which may be partly why the pork tastes so darned good. I didn't know they used MSG when I ate here but I was tipped off by the terrible headache I got a few hours later. MSG is one of my biggest headache triggers.  The restaurant owner wrote me a message on Yelp confirming that they do indeed use MSG and that upon request they could definitely make something without.
On to the review.  The food was excellent and the staff is very friendly!   They are getting four stars instead of five because of value.  The food is, in my opinion, overpriced based on the quantity you receive.  
I ordered the caramelized pork lettuce/rice paper wraps and a vegetarian spring roll order.  I wasn't all that hungry when I came in and it's a good thing.  While the food was indeed excellent, I would have had to order one more thing to leave full had I been hungry when I arrived.  My bill was $20 with a tip (and I just drank tap water, so no drink charge in there either).
Will I return?  Maybe.  My hesitation though is related to the nasty headache I got and not the price or the taste.  Had I not gotten a headache, I'd be back and I'd suck it up on the price because the food really was good.Great spot! If you are in Northern liberties it's worth to stop by and try some good food. For appetizer we got lemongrass beef screws, tasty full of flavor meat. For main course we picked two lettuce wrap dishes one with caramelized pork and other with pork confit. Meat was delicious flavorful, since I am in love with pickles veggies I liked a lot their pickles carrots and radish! Special notice about homemade fish sauce, it's very good and has a kick of spice! Good service as well! Overall we had a very satisfied experience!There are only a handful of places in the city that can replicate an authentic Vietnamese environment. Usually, when I find one that does, it fails to produce food of very great quality, cleanliness, or both. However, this was not the case with Same Same. From the long forgotten napkin dispensers and white lights to the spray-painted wall advertisements, Same Same brought back memories of Saigon. 
I ordered a Caramelized Pork Banh Mi and watched every step in the making of it through the open kitchen. The pork was grilled right in front of me-- unlike the sliced lunchmeat that goes onto Banh Mis found elsewhere. 
The rich aromas of the kitchen only made me more anxious for the food. When my order arrived, every bite of the Banh Mi was as flavorful and balanced as the first. The cucumber cooled the heat provided by the jalapenos, and the seasoned mayo complimented the sweet yet savory pork. 
It's rare to find a Vietnamese place with high quality food and atmosphere like Same Same, but I'm damn glad I did. I will definitely be back with friends and family. Would strongly recommend!Tofu Bahn Mi tasted great and was super filling. Hubby had the pork Bahn Mi and wouldn't stop talking about it. Noodles were okay, a bit disappointing, especially since I'm big on noodles. If the seating arrangement weren't so awkward (and hard to get) I would come here more often but on a Friday night or weekend it's pretty cramped and uncomfortable. Otherwise, this place is great.Chef is always cooking up something new and exciting. Tonight I had a fun teaser: quail egg wrapped in habanero. Amazing. The staff are so incredibly welcoming and genuinely happy to be there. Great vibe in NoLibs. Can't wait to go back.Had the banh mi. Thought it probably should have had more herbs, but it wasn't bad. I'll come back to try some other things in the future.