wow just terrific great food and great prices,  wish they had a few more tables, looks like owners cooking and serving, if you like mexican food
you will not be disappointed. close to lincoln field & wells fargo centerGenuine. 
Remarkable. 
Extraordinary. 
Amazing. 
Tasty.
Fantastic.
Original.
Only 10 bucks.
Delicious.
Great price, great service, and great food!!The best! I go here at least twice a week and send everyone I know this way!
As my best friend says, we don't go to Miguelito's to eat. We feast! Order one of each, mix and match and literally stuff our faces. The chicken tacos and al pastor are the best! Everything is authentic and tortillas home made (you can see her pressing them after you place your order!!). Service is slow since everything is made fresh to order but oh sooooo worth it. The lady is very attentive and generous. Not one of those places that charges their clients for sighing. Cheap yummy eats!We found this place at random while exploring Philly from out of town, and it was amazing! Small interior, but wonderful, friendly people who make you feel like you're at a friends home. My husband and I shared the carnita, pollo & pastor tacos and we couldn't finish them! Incredibly delicious and large portions for the price. Highly recommend!Everything I ordered was delicious! I have never tried Mexican Food this good! I have tried most of the restaurants in Philadelphia and nobody can compete! I have tried "The best in Philly" los gallos but the food is no where near as good. I honestly think this restaurant serves the best food in Philly. The costumer service is great and definately waaaaaaaaaaay better than the past owner. I reccomend this restaurant to anybody trying to taste what the best food in Philly is! I give this place 5 stars and if you could give it more i'd give it 100!Actually this is a 4.25-4.5 review. This place is small, some may call it divey, but it is clean. The couple that owns it are really nice people, very hospitable and are proud of their food. Every time that I have eaten there, I was given something extra for me to taste, no charge. They don't have wine glasses but the plastic cup was okay. The food is why I return. Their tortillas are made daily, you can see them rolling the dough. Fresh and warm to wrap the taco, one tortilla instead of two. I prefer that. I have seen platters arrive at tables next to me. Plentiful food, nicely plated and, talking to the diners, very tasty. Everything I have had there has been flavorful. I was given a taste of  their pork posole soup (weekends only), delicious. Today I was given a taste of  warm tortillas with a spicy green salsa. Warmed me up quickly. I ordered their chicken soup to go for my wife Karin and her cold. They gave me a taste of that as well. Karin loved the soup, with potatoes, fried tortilla strips, cilantro, onions, carrots, chicken and avocado on top. The tacos are simply delicious. 
Give it a try.I wasn't too hungry so I got chips and guac while a friend got a platter and i mooched a bit. The platter was huuuuuge. I had the rice, beans, pico de gallo with the hot sauce and i made a little taco out of it. It was flavorful, perfectly spicy and delicious! This was a random find but I hope to come back on an empty stomach and pig out.Incredible !!! She literally makes everything from scratch and doesn't precut anything. That being said it can take some time but it's so worth it! I had the fish tacos and my boyfriend had the steak tacos. Rice and beans were great. Felt like a home cooked meal. So good!Great people, great food. Cash only. Tacos, burrito, and two Cokes came out to just under $20. Wait took a longer than expected. Having free chips as an appetizer helped with that.I ordered the burrito al pastor and it was very delicious. I especially like the spanish rice and the way they grill the whole burrito. The restaurant is small but their kitchen is mighty! Watch out for burritos can get a little spicy with jalapenos and expect to wait 20min for an order.Excellent food. Super authentic Mexican! Amazing tamales and the tacos are the best I've had in Philly. They make the tortillas to order! Que Rico!Incredible tamales! Two are a meal and they're only $2 each. These are the best tamales I've had outside Mexico. And they make the tortillas to order for the tacos.
If you live in South Philly you should give it a try!Los mejores tacos que he comido en Philadelphia!! Todo es recién elaborado. Excelente servicio y súper limpio. 
The best tacos I ever had in Philly!! Everything is so fresh and delicious. My husband and I we ordered steak tacos. Simply delicious authentic Mexican Food. 
Very recommendable!!they were so welcoming when i got my tacos i thought i was suppose to pay but the lady was like "oh no no relax eat first" the food was muy bien the prices of the food was so great. it was worth the price. i wish they had horchata!! but other than that the food was very goodyay! this place is pretty solid! I was craving tacos and this place hits the spot! its where all the locals go for some authentic, cheap Mexican food!
we ordered the nachos & guac (its just chips and guac.  the guac is SO good. im craving it right now. they give a huge tub of guac, and for its price, its SO worth it because its homemade guac with fresh jalapenos!  It is so creamy and chunky, and the jalapenos give it a great spicy kick to it.  all fresh ingredients! and for its price, SO good.  they chop up the tortillas and fry them on the spot, so you know you have fresh chips as well.  I would definitely highly recommend it), and some tacos (AL PASTOR - over cooked, a bit too dry; LENGUA - WOAH SO SOFT. it is probably the best lengua tacos i've had.  if the look of tongue freaks you out, maybe you shouldn't get it because they don't chop it up in chunks like most places do. its just straight up slabs of tongue, but its SO soft and delicious; and CRISPY BEEF - pretty good! fried up beef, so what can go wrong there.  all the tacos come loaded with meat, and slim to no additional toppings, and they all come with 3 tacos. so cmon, great loaded homemade 3 tacos for $6/$7?? so worth!! and they are not double wrapped. all single tortilla so it isn't too heavy, but it still holds its shape and doesn't rip or fall apart).  They give you 3 types of homemade salsas/sauces, and they are all VERY delicious.
CASH ONLY. they have an atm inside if you don't have cash.  there is also ample street parking, so it is no trouble for you to get here.
I highly recommend calling your order first and then come get it.  We ordered it at the restaurant and waited a good 40 minutes for some tacos and chips and guac. They have one chef, so might be best to order in advance.Left Philadelphia a few years back for LA (bad idea over all).  I'm super nostalgic for my Philadelphia days but every time I go back here I admit to missing some good Mexican food (it is, or at least was, my belief you could not find good Mexican food on the East coast).  Well, cravings be satisfied- my friend recommended this place around the corner from her.  They recognized her warmly when we went in and laughed because she was getting fish tacos...again.  I stupidly got an al pastor burrito since I was hungry, thought the tacos wouldn't be enough.  The al pastor was good, but the tacos looked amazing!  I went back and chowed down on some tacos de pescado myself, just unbelievable.  Price is a little higher than I'm used to, but it's totally worth it for the freshness and flavor.  Their friendly nature and little things like bringing out some small appetizer for free just makes it better.El Pastor tacos are the best I've ever had!!! Fish tacos are amazing, guacamole was amazing. The taco wheels are homemade and cooked fresh to order. The owners (didn't speak great English) were as nice of people you'll ever meet. I truly recommend you try this small hole in the wall, it will not disappointStumbled across this place while in south Philly! Such a great find! It was delicious! My boyfriend got the burrito which he loved. I had the spicy shrimp I think called caramones el Diablo. It was the perfect amount of heat and a large portion. The was great and the food was awesome! Definitely will come here again!I gave this place a second chance after attending right when it switched over from Los Jimenez. MAN! Looks at those gorgeous fish tacos!!! I'm also thrilled this is only two blocks from my house, but they probably don't get enough foot traffic given the location. Their claim to fame is the al pastor. I don't eat red meat so I'm always looking for a SOLID taco de pascado, yo!It's a little restaurant on the corner of 6th and Oregon, limited seating as well. So here comes the best part, the al pastor tacos are so freaking good! It's tasty and flavorful! Overall, we got 9 tacos all together plus a bottle of water and two coke bottles, the total came up to $24 something before tips, so cheap! I'll definitely be back to get more food whenever I'm needing my taco fix!Delicious authentic Mexican food paired with great attentive service!! It is definitely worth a visit! Make sure to order the tamales and the chilaquiles, they are exquisite!This cozy little place was somewhat hidden around the corner, but the small, simple interior gave a feel that you were eating in a friend's kitchen.  The service was very kind and polite, if occasionally slow. 
A free small bowl of chips (with a bit of refried beans and fresh cheese sprinkled on top) with red and green salsas came out first. Our order of seafood soup (large!) and tacos (3 per order and very well-portioned fillings) took a bit long, but we enjoyed waiting and watching some soccer playing on the TV.
Our dishes were delicious and sizable, though we felt that it didn't quite reach the same level as Los Gallos. It seemed like everything was made fresh to order, and the fresh handmade tortillas were superb. 
Also, it seems like they don't offer tamales any more. :-(Excellent dishes and fast service. Driving through the city and made a quick pit-stop for takeout and was not disappointed. We tried the al pastor and fish tacos as well as the crispy beef burrito and really enjoyed each. Served on tortillas made fresh in-house. Wish I didn't live hours away from this gem...Picked up two burritos to go. One al pastor and one chicken. Not bad for the price but there are definitely burritos with more flavor at other spots in South Philly. I may go back for something else as this is close to my workplace.Make a pitstop off of 95 based on reviews. They are super nice, the food is great, and be opened minded if you want fancy decor! Seriously, they have great food.PROS: Reasonable prices for delicious, authentic Mexican food.
CONS: Way too much plastic and Styrofoam here -- WAY TOO MUCH. Oh, and cash only. (Just be prepared.)
Five stars, but with a few reservations.Great, fresh tortillas and excellent mole. If I lived in the area, I'd be there all the time!just scarfed down Al Pastor tacos (tastier than the steak, imo). sooooo good. i'm going to come back and try a burrito. the tortillas and chips were made to order, they were still hot when they came out! only a few tables but easy to sit on a friday night.Great experience! I've been to a lot of Mexican "kitchens" but this place truly feels like you are at your relatives kitchen. Every dish was excellent. We tried to get a random sampling. From the included homemade chips and salsa to the chiles relleños.  We watched our corn tortillas get pressed for the quesadillas.  The potato and chorizo version was amazing. We also had the chips and guacamole, burritos and an enchilada mole. Note that the tamales are only made on the weekends, so we'll have to go back! Highly recommend this fantastic restaurant.We love this place and the people who work there.  Best Mexican food in Philly.  Chicken enchiladas to die for.A small quaint spot which you can receive some authentic Mexican food!  The portions are large and reasonably priced. Note that it's cash only- so be prepared!  My only critique is that they didn't have their drinks displayed on the menu so I wasn't sure what to order.  I went for a glass of water, which turned out to be a stupid bottle of water that I ended up paying for...
Also know that if you're in a rush, this may not be the place to go.The service was authentic food was amazing.  Shrimp diabla was perfect.   Burritos made freshCash only. ATM available.
As I'm sitting here 15 minutes after placing my order, I looked over my shoulder to see what's taking so long. I see my tortillas getting hand pressed. Right then I realized I came to the right place. 
You want fresh delicious authentic Mexican food, this is it. Sure, you'll have to wait but worth it!
Put the phone away and chat with the person your with during your wait. It's an amazing people watching place... you'll have a lot to talk about.Love this place-the lady of the house was extremely accommodating and the food delicious!! Best Cubano i've ever tasted! This is a case of don't judge a book by its cover and in this case the storefront
Highly recommend- you are welcome!!No thrills, excellent tacos with homemade tortillas. Something feels right about seeing the staff pull apart a large mound of dough per order through the open kitchen. Feels like less and less places in Philly are doing this.  
Can't go wrong here, authentic flavors and relaxed atmosphere. Not many tables inside, but you can smell it from a few doors down from the corner it's on. Go in with the right expectations and you won't be dissapointed.Excelent family owned restaurant, that truly makes you feel like family when you walk in. Really amazing home cooked meal, made to order.Quite good.  This here is real food.What an amazing meal I just had, being around a lot of Mexican good this is by far one of the best Mexican food place in the area. The small setting  might be questionable but let me tell you, the food is very fresh, good customer service and most importantly, delicious food.  I ordered some tacos al pastor and the order of 3 wasn't enough, they were fresh and tasty. I would recommend it to anyone in the mode for some Mexican food .This is a very small place with 5 tables and 12 chairs. The kitchen is in full view and is relatively clean. The service is very humble and accommodating. On to the food, we ordered Tacos and Burritos. The tacos were fresh and quality beef, no fat. The burrito was the same, all fresh ingredients made to order. Also the salsas are medium hot and tasty. I will recommend this place for a quick lunch. Lastly the owner treated us to fresh tamales.This is a very small place with 5 tables and 12 chairs. The kitchen is in full view and is relatively clean. The service is very humble and accommodating. On to the food, we ordered Tacos and Burritos. The tacos were fresh and quality beef, no fat. The burrito was the same, all fresh ingredients made to order. Also the salsas are medium hot and tasty. I will recommend this place for a quick lunch. Lastly the owner treated us to fresh TamalesThis is one of the few restaurants I would actually repeatedly go into. I'm very picky when it comes to food. I've gotten a lot of items from here, but my favorite is the al pastor tacos. Everything is fresh and made to order. That is why it usually takes half an hour for the food to be ready. Also, everything is cash only. They do have an atm but it does take a small fee. I've gotten the seafood soup which was really good. I always order that without fish. The steak tacos were good but dry and chewy. The steak and potato sandwich was good too. I've liked everything I tried, but I'll be back for the al pastor tacos and to try other tacos as well. This place is better than Los Gallos.Great little Authentic mexican place. The food is amazing and the prices are so reasonable. The decor inside is minimal but the food absolutely makes up for it. You have to go!!!What I've come to learn about authentic tacos is there is not much to them.  Their less complicated than pizza which is 3 components: sauce, cheese and crust.  Authentic tacos in their most remedial fashion are simply a heated corn tortilla with meat on top.  Cilantro and chopped onion are often accompanied on the top but not always given.  With that being said this place DOES TACOS RIGHT and it is the most affordable place out there for tacos.  For chicken or crispy beef they were $6 for 3 tacos.  That's basically a taco Tuesday special every night.  
This place would run away with 5 stars if that's all I order.  But alas we also order burritos, chorizo and al pastor.  They were neatly, tightly wrapped, no sauce on top.  Lots of rice and some refried beans but lacked a little flavor.  
Also ordered the chips and gauc.  I'm always a little skeptical of places that put tomatoes in the guacamole as well as corn which this place did.  My opinion is the more simplistic the guac, the better!  Also had the homemade lime drink...excellent!Wow...you really should not judge a book by its cover. What I mean by that is the place is tiny and not as tidy as expected but man the food is great, clean (cooked right in front of you) and it's so affordable. 5 stars.We went here based on the reviews. First let me say the service is good. He's pleasant and friendly and helpful. The location is not that great. The inside is super tiny. I don't even think there's a bathroom. It's a dive shack. The food was ok. We honestly have had better in NJ 5 min down the road from our home. So I think the reviews are misleading or biased. Or maybe the ppl reviewing haven't had that much Mexican/Spanish food to compare. Not sure. He got the steak tacos. He wasn't blown away. I got the shrimp tacos. I've def had better. It had some creamy sauce on it. I prefer sliced radish, onions and cucumber w cilantro but it wasn't horrible. We shared a spicy shrimp dish. That came with homemade corn tortillas. Again, nothing to write home about but we appreciate the effort it takes to make homemade tortillas. All in all, we won't be back to this particular spot.So good! I needed a place that seemed authentic and it was so tasty! My burrito was huge and they gave me a great spicy sauce. Nice people too!I don't get the hype. I felt like this place was dirty and the tacos were just normal. Def nothing I would ever rave about or come back for. Very average to me. The chorizo tacos were the best but again still nothing great.I've been to this place multiple times now and have tried something different every time. Everything I've had gets five stars. This place is amazing. Great food and great prices.Their fish tacos are on point!!!!! I've been hearing for years how great they are and I finally made it over and it was worth the hype! The owners are very friendly! This is a nice little spot to stop in for a quick bite or order to go!South Philly has some of the best authentic Mexican food in the city. Trust me, we, as in my stomach and I, have done the research. I was in search of lunch so I set out to check out a place I had walked by several times and always said to myself, 'I gotta check them out', so I did. Due to Covid, you have to call in your order and then pick it up from their new order window so I did as instructed. I  ordered a carnitas burrito (never fails) and a chicken burrito for my bf. They come with rice, beans, lettuce, salsa, the works. Total came to just under $20. 
They call to let me know my order is ready and I retrieve two football sized burritos and some side salsas. Got home, said our grace (bless the meat, let's eat) and tore into them. Everything was really good and obviously we got a decent portion. The carnitas could've used a bit more caramelization and salt,  and the chicken could've used some more seasoning as well. The salsas were good and spicy so I appreciated that. All in all, these were solid and if you're like me, you actually end up getting lunch for two days in one.After a short run as Los Jimenez this taco place has just recently changed owners and name.  It is now called San Miguelita.  The good news is that this corner of South Philly is still serving  delicious real Mexican tacos at two dollars a taco.  Of course the Taco al Pastor is very popular here as so few spots in Philadelphia bother to properly serve this tasty taco ... but don't pass up the delicious Taco Suadero either.  The brothers from Puebla, Mexico who have recently taken over ownership of this establishment are also offering a full menu of Mexican entrees like Alambre (beef) and Mojarra a la Diabla (Tilapia). Take out is a big business here but you can also eat in.  There are only a few tables and there is not a lot of atmosphere but to me tacos always taste better eaten fresh and warm.As good a burrito as I've had in Philadelphia.  San Miguelito is best described as a hole in the wall type of establishment off Oregon Ave. with just a handful of tables and an open kitchen.  I've had chicken burritos here numerous times and they are always fresh made to order.  Burritos are hefty and filling and come with both a green and red sauce.  Prices are reasonable (Chicken Burrito is under $10.  I think it was $8.50 last time I was there) and staff is friendly.  Definitely authentic.  Highly recommend!Delicious al pastor and steak tacos. Simple toppings and salsa compliment well with the meat! I'll definitely be coming back!Small and cozy place where they make  you feel like you at home. Excellent food & nice ppl..This is a very small place with 5 tables and 12 chairs. The kitchen is in full view and is relatively clean. The service is very humble and accommodating. On to the food, we ordered Tacos and Burritos. The tacos were fresh and quality beef, no fat. The burrito was the same, all fresh ingredients made to order. Also the salsas are medium hot and tasty. I will recommend this place for a quick lunch. Lastly the owner treated us to fresh Tamales for us to taste.Great tacos! The tortillas are made fresh and the meat was cooked to perfection. We also got guacamole and it tasted very fresh. The Corn Pumpkin quesadilla was a very yummy surprise. It was HUGE! And only $4...I was working in South Philly today and decided I wanted to go out for lunch. So naturally, I used my trusty Yelp app and looked up some local places. San Miguelito popped up at the top of my list, had a 5 star rating and was a 7 minute walk from my job. Perfect! 
This restaurant was definitely a diamond in the rough. The food that this little hole in the wall was putting out was amazing! I ordered the Al Pastor tacos, which were served on fresh tortillas with cilantro and onions. The meat was juicy, flavorful, authentic and cooked to perfection.  Yum yum yum yum yum! An order of 3 only came to $6.50!!!!! This restaurant is a little hole in the wall and I would have never thought about coming in here. Thanks to Yelp, I was able to find this gem. Another successful food adventure! I hope after you read this you make the decision to try this place out too. You will not be disappointed.best Mexican I've had in the city. the burrito was great and the quesadilla my friend ordered looked more like a burrito panini. even the pico de gallo was so fresh that it seemed like it was made to order.
it's cash only and their in house ATM is out of order so make sure you have cash on you.Had guacamole with chips and shrimp cocktail and tacos placeros. The guac was super fresh and tasty and plenty of it and the chips were fresh made. The shrimp cocktail had a few giant shrimps around the edge like you used to get at restaurants back in the day and super fresh and several small ones in cocktail sauce. The cocktail sauce could have been a little spicier. It needed some horseradish. The only other quibble was I did not really need potatoes with my tacos placeros. The woman at the other table across from me got the molcajete and my eyes almost fell out. The waitress was super friendly. All in all great value with food that was thoughtfully prepared with premium ingredients.Definitely a tasty and solid 4 stars. Was politely and quickly served by walking up, and received my food in under 10 minutes. 
The bag was a little on the light side, and the chorizo tacos were tasty but could have used some more filling. The salsa verde was good but a little weaker than I like, and I could have used some extra spice from another salsa option. 
With that being said it was good service and a tasty quick meal that I was craving in the moment - cost about 7.50 tooDon't judge a book by its cover! From the outside, this place looks like any other typical restaurant or bodega. Trust me, it is not. 
By far the best quality and price food near the sports arenas. Parking is meh, but that's Philly.
We got steak and pork tacos. The tortillas were cooked fresh for our order. Both meats were so tender and tasty. 3 tacos for $6 is an absolute steal. Stop by here the next time you're headed to the game!First time trying this place. Wanted to try a New Mexican restaurant and this place didn't disappoint. The tinga quesadilla was huge I was unaware of this and ordered two. The pastor tacos were really good. The sauces were pretty good I'm usually a green sauce type of girl but the red sauce was definitely my go to here!My friend David wanted to do a Taco Tuesday Night in South Philadelphia and we decided to pick San Miguelito. Man, did we choose the right place!
I showed up and upon saying "como estas" I was greeted with an abundance of Tacos and mexican dishes all for under $50 dollars.
I ordered the steak tacos and the Mexican Fajitas and my friend ordered the San Miguelito (pictured above). The meat the sides are so delicious and authentic!
Additionally, the owner was super friendly and awesome! I highly recommend the place for TakeOut and will go back!!The food here is amazing. I have tried several of their tacos, a burrito, and the seafood soup. Everything I have had has had great , authentic Mexican flavors. In addition, this place is extremely affordable and the staff- two brothers and a sister- are friendly and kind. 
I went with a friend for my birthday and the chef surprised us both with two wonderful desserts. 
I highly recommend this restaurant for anyone who wants great Mexican food at extremely affordable prices.