I really want to like Sang Kee (Chestnut location) having readirave reviews for the one in Chinatown and was going to go there but our hotel was at the Sheraton on Chestnut  and we noticed that there was a Sang Kee in the hotel (Bonus!)  I asked the host who confirmed that it's the same resto as the one in Chinatown but added that it's a bit "geared" towards this area which I wasn't sure what he meant at first.  This should have been a red flag for me but I was dying to try their peking duck, lobster, crab, etc and didn't want to trek back to Chinatown and find parking, etc....We got in at 6pm Sun for dinner (no waiting) and it was half full at that time.    The waiter brought ice water and menus (I was expecting some hot tea) but looked around and saw that almost all the tables had water so I opted out for asking since tea will probably be $$.   It's funny that they have huge billboards of their menus outside showcasing lobsters, crab, fried fish, and I was so hoping to order these but the sit down menus had all these items crossed out with sharpies so I think that it was meant for the Chinatown chain only.    I asked about the 1/2 peking duck ($19) and the waiter said it comes with 4 pancakes (4?!?!  r u kidding? flag #2).  I asked what they do with the bones since the places I go they use to bones either to make soup or sauté it with garlic and he said you don't get the bones (flag # 3).
We decided not to order the duck and ordered 4 dishes.  Crispy tofu with XO sauce (tofu was not crispy (it was fried) and then they slather it with the XO/soy sauce so it was soft and salty.  It was cooked with some fried green beans (which links to the 2nd dish).  Next was the green beans with pork and garlic which looked and tasted like the first dish we ordered.  Having been a part-time waiter in my previous life, if someone were ordering something with same ingredients I would have suggested that they order something else since it would taste the same (the client would really appreciate this and that translates to extra tips $$).    General Tao's chicken  was next and it was ok amid not seeing any red peppers or chili peppers but 4-5 pcs of bok choy in it's place.   It wasn't too doughy and the kids enjoyed it.  Lastly we had the clams with black bean sauce.  Lots of missing clams in the shells, broken shells, and it was a bit sandy.  Oh did I mentioned that they used red onions and green peppers?  Why red onions?   My observations and experiences in many authentic Chinese resto's  uses  red peppers, green onions and chili peppers in this dish.     Fresh white rice was complimentary with the meal which was good.   Service was prompt, there were lots of waiters but my glass was never refilled (lost a star).    Total for 4 dishes came to $54 with tax.  I think they use alot of msg as my mouth was dry and thirsty 30 mins after dinner.  As I looked across the room it was clear to me what the host meant by catering to this area.  It was mostly university students.   Shame on you Sank Kee for thinking that their palates are bad or do you think you have a  monopoly so you can cook however you want to?  I'm a bit hesitant to try the Sang Kee in Chinatown but my curiosity will kill me so I will go on my next trip down to Philly and if it's the same then shame on me!I love sangkee. The women (and men) at the cash register are some of my favorite people because they recognize me, ask how I am and we've exchanged names and small conversation. This is not a given for a hotel restaurant that sees tons of college/grad students walking in all day. Whenever I need to get dinner or lunch close to campus, this is where I go (over Chattime/Ochatto) because I know they are friendly. 
Their food is not the best in the entire universe, but it is quite good (although this probably depends on what you get). There are even several dishes for which my Chinese friends have given their stamp of approval (the chestnut chicken, the boiled flounder in szechuan sauce). I go here too many times, but I am always happy with their service and the food. 
My favorites, besides the chicken and flounder mentioned above, are the braised beef rice bowl, the Taiwanese pork belly rice bowl, the seafood pan fried noodles and the singaporean noodles. I also like to get their house special fried rice, but it gets a little oily.Nice place...had my favorite sauce garlic black bean...with clams...sauce was tasty, clams big and plentiful...brown rice was cooked well...also had the shrimp corn chowder...which is probably basically some type of egg drop soup that they put corn...not a chowder but good nonetheless...will stop in againI ordered the shanghai dumpling and regret it so much afterwards. It was hard! Extra chewy, it's like they microwave it and put it in a steamer plate. It taste the same as the frozen ones I bought from the frozen aisle in Asian supermarket. 8 pieces here cost $6.50 and for half that price you can get the same thing from an Asian market.
Don't come here for Chinese food, you can do better with your time and money.Tasty noodle house located in the Sheraton University City Hotel.  Full evenings with lots of people dining in.  Food was fresh, large portions and hot.  Noodle bowl variety is plentiful and varied.    Lots of delicious choices.  Pan fried noodles are decadent and melt in your mouth.  Desserts are basic- could be improved.  Daily specials are noteworthy and seasonal.  My be hard to find a seat during happy hour/ dinner hours but you'll get a seat quickly.  Give it a try.  Nice menu, lots of choices for any taste and a solid dining experience.I ordered the stewed vegetables and tofu in coconut curry broth, and it was good. The portions were large, and this dish was super spicy (enjoyed it nonetheless). The sesame chicken is well breaded and not drowning in sauce (definitely a plus), and the congee is, well, plain congee (don't get it).
It was packed when I came at 9PM on a Wednesday night, but the servers are friendly and quick!Great place and really good food. The service was ok and our waitress got us our meal pretty quick. I had the roasted duck. Highly recommended.Sangkee has solid Chinese food. I ordered a special - the braised chicken in a clay pot - and it was decent. Chicken was succulent, not drowning in sauce, and the various vegetables (water cress, leek, mushrooms, etc.) were nice and tender. This dish was a bit bland, so the server politely provided sriracha sauce upon request.
With regards to karaoke, Sangkee doesn't charge too much per hour! (I think it's 40ish an hour for a room?) Come with decent sized group, order drinks before coming, and the price is well worth it! Plus, they have a good selection of English songs, which is always a plus, haha.Came here for a quick dinner on a Friday night, and wasn't expecting much. Glad I had low expectations! Ordered the steamed chicken dumplings and the lemon grass chicken rice bowl. The dumplings were not exciting, and I thought the sauce was a bit sour. The rice bowl redeemed the dumplings a bit, but it wasn't as awesome as I wanted it to be. Service was really slow and nonexistent, but the whole restaurant was pretty busy and crowded. The place is large with most of the crowd being college students and probably hotel guests. Parking was not an issue, which was nice!
Personally, I like the ambiance and service at the Wynnewood location!Summary: Run-of-the-mill Americanized Chinese Food
Sang Kee is one of the few 'classy' looking Chinese joints in UC Philadelphia, along with the newly opened Han Dynasty University City. Unfortunately, Sang Kee seems to have gone the route of 'Americanizing' their food and deviating from traditional fare.
The vegetable spring rolls are good, albeit overpriced at 1$ per roll (for a very small one). That being said, I do give them credit for the fact that it does taste good, and I personally liked it. 
On the other hand, the vegetable fried rice was absolutely not worth the money. It tasted like some veggies and rice had been steamed in a microwave and served on a plate, and after reading other reviews and hearing about Sang Kee's tendencies to employ microwaves, I wouldn't be surprised if that was indeed the case. 
All that being said, Sang Kee does get credit for their Oriental Eggplant in Garlic Sauce and their Vegetable Pad Thai. Both tasted fantastic, and while they weren't authentic, per se, they still had done a wonderful adaptation to the American palate.
Service was hit or miss. Some times you get great servers, and yet other times you get nasty servers who are downright rude. Luck of the draw, I guess. Regardless, depending on what you order, the meal can still be worth it.
If you're really looking for traditional far-eastern food, check out Han Dynasty or Banana Leaf, both of which are wonderful restaurants as well. Han Dynasty is just a few blocks away, and Banana Leaf is down in Center City.Previously I had their shrimp pad thai for take-out., which was great in portion and flavor. Decided to sit in one evening for an early dinner. I had ordered the shrimp dumpling egg noodle soup with add on duck. At first it was delicious until I came to realize I was just very hungry. There was a large amount of MSG in it. I quickly developed a lingering headache only 1/4 into my soup, which then I decided to stop eating. I also would've been better off not ordering the add on duck, which had a gamey taste. My growling hungry stomach was replaced with an cramping upset stomach.  I spent the rest of my evening laying down in the fetal position. 
Definitely not expecting to be back there again. :[This review is for their Vietnamese iced coffee. I was surprised have been so disappointed because 1) Sang Kee's drink items are usually pretty good and 2) Vietnamese iced coffee is so easy to make. 
I ordered two iced coffees to go; one for me, and one for a friend. It came out very quickly, which is unusual because most restaurants brew Vietnamese coffee fresh, with a percolator placed on top of a cup full of ice and condensed milk. I suspect that the coffee was not fresh brewed but instead brewed in bulk with a large coffee maker--which would explain why the coffee I got was nowhere as dark in color or as strong in flavor. The consistency of the coffee was also not as rich as typical Vietnamese iced coffee, which means that it was probably either 1) not made with condensed milk, as Vietnamese iced coffee should be, 2) it was not strongly brewed, or 3) both. 
I ordered a Vietnamese iced coffee but instead received a regular iced coffee that tasted like straight sugar. I would have just gone to the Starbucks or Wawa down the block if I wanted something like this.BEWARE! I would give this place a 0 if I had the option. My first time eating here was today for lunch. The service was terrible, took them forever to bring me my drink (I think they forgot it, because the others at my table were served at the same time), they didn't bring our meals out at the same time, so we had to wait to eat until we all had our plates, so some of our food got cold. But the worst part: my colleague got FOOD POISONING and vomited multiple times when we got back to work. Now hours later I am sick as well, stomach on fire and can barely leave the bathroom. The third person that dined with us is sick as well. After talking to my roommate, it turns out she had the same results after eating here. I will never return, and I hope others see this review and consider it a warning to stay away from this place!Ordered the Shanghai noodles which comes with "shredded pork" but they put TRIPE in. Not cool. This place used to be very good, but their success has ruined them. Food quality is poor, and service is surly. Tripe?!? We're not eating here again, there's much better Chinese in the neighborhood.Initially poor customer service (but they made up for it, see update at the end). I can't review the food because I never received it. I ordered through GrubHub and was quoted a 30-40 minute delivery. When I contacted GrubHub 50 minutes later I was told the restaurant didn't have a driver and was waiting for one to arrive in approximately 15 minutes so I'm guessing my food would have arrived at least 20 minutes after the driver arrived  making it 45 minutes late and delivered 90 minutes after the initial order. A simple phone call from the restaurant or GrubHub would have been nice but now SangKee has potentially lost a customer.
Update (the next day): I just upgraded my rating from 1 to 3 stars. I received a call from the restaurant today and they delivered a very generous gift card to my house tonight and apologized for my inconvenience. I will go in and try the food. Hopefully I can upgrade my rating to 5 stars. I like to give credit where credit is due. Thank you Sang Kee.I went to this place 3 times to be fair, the first time. It was not so bad. I order the lunch special. I was a little disappointing that it all came out, at the same time. So my food eventually got cold. I ordered the Wonton soup, vegetables with chicken and white rice. I did not realized that they do Wontons with shrimp and fish, no where in the menu did it say that, so I assumed having had, had wonton soup in different place and always been pleased it was going to be the same. No. I was wrong. It had an odd flavor, I did not care for. I did not eat it. The Vegetable chicken was good but it was cold, so I didn't care to eat it anymore. 
The second time I went I got the vegetable spring rolls. They where good. The sweet and sour sauce was delicious.
 However, the third time I went. I wanted to recreate my second experience only this time, they kept trying to give me the duck sauce. Now, I know some people think its the same thing, and that is fine. However, my taste buds will beg to differ. I didn't want the orange translucent sauce, I wanted the red-orange sauce. I had to go back stairs twice, and twice I kept getting the wrong sauce. Sigh. I gave up at the end and just had the plain egg rolls. 
Only reason I ever ate this many times in this place, was because I was staying at the Hotel and the convenience. I wouldn't have allowed so many tries had it been at another place. If I'm ever back in Philadelphia and want Chinese food, this will never be the place to go.This place is a block away from where I work.  Every time I have gone has been during the lunch hour.  While the food here is pretty good, the speed of service and customer service is horrible.  Last time I went in over my lunch break, it took an hour and twenty minutes for me (by myself) to eat lunch.  The food took nearly 50 minutes for me to get it and there was a problem, so I had to send it back.  The server waiting on me didn't offer to refill my drink once during the obscene amount of time I was there.  I'm still not sure if I will be going back.A noodle house in University City - great! I've never been to the Chinatown location, so wasn't sure what to expect. I can with a small group on Sunday night, and was suprised at how full the restaurant was - and not just with college students. They must be reaping the benefits of the Sheraton. 
My rating might be higher if they had more vegetarian option - really there are just two. I ordered the egg noodle soup and, with some begging, got three vegetable dumplings added. The noodles were fine but the broth was weak - I added a LOT of siracha. And the only vegetable you get is bok choy. An egg would have added a lot to this soup, and maybe some carrots or peppers. 
A friend had the Tom Yum soup, which he loved, but three other people at the table felt the food was just "meh." We had a really grumpy older waiter, when who he messed up our order (he put in a hot and sour soup instead of a salad) got angry at us for not wanting the soup, and rolled his eyes in a very distinct manner. Lucky for us, he didn't want to deal with us any more, and our new waiter (a young smiley guy) was a huge improvement. He suggested the ice cream sampler platter (green tea, coconut, ginger and red bean) which was beautifully presented, delicious, and only $5. 
With our unordered hot and sour soup still on the menu, the new waiter was very accommodating and took it off the bill as soon as we brought his attention to it. In the end, with appetizers and dessert, we paid just over $10 a person - definitely a deal!This was a staple during my 4 years at Penn, especially around exam times or when I just needed some comfort food. It's a solid place to go - you just have to know what to expect.
Quick points:
- Don't expect anything fancy - but it's clean and the space inside is relatively large so you're not crammed in between other diners
- Servers aren't going to ask you about your day - but they're quick to take your order and quick to bring you your food/check/water/etc
- One thing that annoys me is it's slightly overpriced, especially compared to the original Chinatown location for the exact same food/drink - but you have to remember that you're in the restaurant desert that is University City and it must be expensive to rent the place in the Sheraton
- Ordering for delivery takes FOREVER like 60+ minutes (and costs $6 extra) so just pick it up instead - only takes 10-15 minutes usually!
Food:
- Braised beef egg noodle soup/or just as good with udon noodles - the ultimate comfort food!! I like the duck one too but sometimes the pieces of duck come out slightly soggy, whereas I've never had a bad experience with the braised beef one. Also don't be afraid to order this as take out, unlike other Chinese places, they separate the soup base from the noodle/beef/veggies so they won't get soggy while waiting for your consumption
- Lemon grass chicken rice bowl or duck rice bowl - super simple dishes (just some rice, bok choy, and meat) but both equally satisfying when you're super hungry
- Singapore noodle - huge portion of soft egg noodle with shrimp and an egg on top - lots of flavor and my absolute favorite noodle dish at Sangkee
- The Hawaii Five-O is my fave smoothie! Not a huge fan of their bubble tea since I've experienced massive inconsistency in the bubblesI came here for University City Dining Days. Service was pleasant and attentive, but the pacing was off. My friend had almost finished her salad when my dim sum finally arrived. I no sooner took my last bite when my entree arrived. The food was tasty. I must also admit to being put off by an automatically added 18% tip on a party of 2. If this was stated on the menu, I must have missed it. Either way, I think it's odd.Some of their foods are good and some are meeehhh you just have to know how to pick...!! I liked their noodles. Also their "American" Chinese food was pretty standard "American" Chinese food haha 
The waiters are always really nice and it's a nice environment so this is a nice environment around campus for me and friends to share a mealIt's never as good as any of the other locations . I don't know how I end up here so often . Come on Michael, how do you get all the others to work?My manager loved this place. He eats here every night and encourage me to try it. Surprising, this place is good, I almost tried everything and it was pretty good! The old thing is the price is kind of high for lunch. You can go to Chinatown in Philly and get the same quality for half of the price offered here. Overall, it was pretty good for Chinese food!My buddy was taking classes in Philly, so I decided to visit him over a weekend and crash on his floor.  He was staying at the hotel in which this Noodle House was located. They had Dim Sum.  Him, being white and not very educated in the delights of Asian food, asks me "what the hell is Dim Sum?"
Oh good... "It's small plates and hot tea" I replied... "it's like... An 2000 year old tradition - dating back to the Silk Road." - At this, I am met with a blank stare.  "alright, lets go... I'll show you" so, I got to watch my buddy have his first experience with Dim Sum.
We only ordered 3 dishes, as we were getting ready to head out to lunch with another friend. Spare Ribs, Chicken Feet, and Shu Mai.  The Shu Mai was probably the best prepared, except it took them until after we were done with our meal to bring us some chilli or hot sauce (which, I prefer with my pork and shrimp dumplings...) - The shrimp in the Shu Mai were obviously dried shrimps, which made an interesting effect.  I wouldn't say it was GOOD, but it was far from bad, in my opinion. The other two... Spare Ribs and Chicken Feet... They were alright... Flavored fairly, cooked decently... Nothing great... I've had better, but I've also had worse.
If I'm back in this area next time I'm in Philly, and craving Dim Sum, I just may find myself back in here... But it's really not a destination place.This was ok.  The noodle wonton soup was very good but the dim sum we ordered didn't have a lot of flavor and were a little gummy.  Also, the service could have been a little better.This Sang Kee is underrated. I think because it's in a hotel in University city and not in China Town. You can't come here expecting amazing service, but you can expect delicious, authentic Chinese food and the ability to find parking. The food comes out fast and their congee is the best in the city. Beef Chow Fun and Flounder with Sezchuan sauce are two of my favorites.The food and the ambience here is good. I used to dine in weekly.
But since my last experience , I'll avoid this place in the future.
A middle aged lady served us, and she said the fish I ordered was out of stock. It reminded me this was the second time she told me that. (The first time was weeks ago, I ordered fish, she said it would take a long waiting time and suggested to change the order, I told her I could wait.  But she returned later and told me the fish was out of stock. )   
This time I know she lied to my face. 
We did not make the order with her. A new waiter took my fish order without problem and the fish came to our table under 8 mins.
As a waitress, she is not supposed to control our orders, or here for making friends with the chef. And there are a lot of other good restaurants around could give us what are on their menu.I've always loved this place since high school. Steamed shrimp dumping are the best ever, General Taos chick is good. Everything is great it's a classic for me. Great portion sizes and affordable prices.Their food is below average, but their service is the worst I've ever experienced in the entire city!!!
Rude, ungracious staff.
Food was late, cold and incorrect.
They did nothing to correctOrdered the bulgogi rice bowl and shanghai dumplings. The rice are not korean rice, and the kimchi taste like vomit after drinking too much. The dumplings took forever to come out. Even tho it took forever, the dumplings are not even hot, there's no steams at all!!! The skins are thick and hard. The frozen dumplings taste even better.I wanted to go out to eat. My husband wanted to stay in. He won. But we both did, really. Fantastic meal! I had the winter melon, dry shrimp, shiitake mushroom hot pot. Yum! And I felt somewhat virtuous. He had the sautéed seafood combo. I'm telling you, fish so fresh you could slap it! The shrimp and scallops and squid were sheer perfection. I ate a lot off his plate when he wasnt looking. We didn't have dessert, but get the gelato pistachio concoction. I want to live vicariously through you!Stopped here for dinner one night and got the veggie spring rolls (yum! served with hot mustard and duck sauce for dipping) and the beef asparagus in spicy sweet sauce.  Food came out quickly and piping hot.  Loads of flavor and topped it off with a Vietnamese Iced Coffee.  Will def be my go to dinner/lunch spot when in Philly.Wow, this place was freaking packed when we showed up at 1pm on a weekday. We had about a 10 minute wait before getting a table (a somewhat unusual occurrence at most U. City lunch spots). It took us a while to get menus and I think they forgot to give us the menu listing the lunch specials. 
Eventually, a waitress came to take our order. She was neither effusively nice nor rude - I might say emotionless. About 15 minutes after taking our order, she brought me my food and informed my lunchmate that they were out of whatever he ordered, so he had to put in another order. I'm not a big fan of when food comes out of the kitchen staggered, but it's even worse when they have to retake one of the orders as they are delivering one!
Once we finally had our food, everything was fine. My spicy noodle dish was OK and my friend liked his food. The check wasn't outrageous, but I think we would have done better had we had the lunch menu.
I probably won't rush back here, but I would not be opposed to coming back should the opportunity arise.I have been to this place many times, in fact I use to come here regularly. Sadly over the last few years the quality of food has decreased. The food they currently serve looks meager (while more pricier as well) compared to other Sang Kee places.Sang Kee Noodle House provides passable Chinese food -- it's generally okay, but not great.  
Flounder fillet and tofu in Szechuan sauce was enjoyable. This is not authentic Szechuan, but the fish was tender, the tofu cubes were silky, and the sauce was spicy (with sliced hot green peppers, maybe jalapenos?) 3.5 stars
New Zealand lamb casserole had some fatty chunks of lamb but meat was generally on the tough side. Had watercress, scallions, a bit of water chestnut, mushroom & bamboo all in the brown sauce. 2.5 stars
Sizzling short rib was so-so. Meat was tender and fatty, and cooked the right amount, but not very flavourful.  2 stars.
Beef Chow (Ho) Fun (flat wide rice noodles) were not bad. Noodles were soft and chewy as they should be. There wasn't a lot of vegetables fried in with the noodles -- it was mostly the rice noodles with some pieces of beef. Not very flavourful. 2.5 stars
Pea leaves with roasted garlic were pretty good. Simple dish of tender green leafy vegetables, as it should be. 4 stars.
Also had a Tropical Island smoothie, which was was pretty good, sweet and fruity.
I'd probably go back for the fish and pea leaves or try some other dishes. Or maybe the ho fun if I had a craving for it in UCity.In terms of Chinese fare (Americanized or not), Sang Kee is probably one of the best in the University City area. I have had the duck+bok choy+rice bowl, as well as the lemon chicken noodle soup. Both were very good lunch deals, and left me pleasantly full afterward.If you love you some giant Udon noodles in a giant bowl of perfectly seasoned, lightly flavored chicken broth with some Chinese broccoli, Sang Kee is your place. Throw some Asian seasoned, moist, and not-so-fatty duck on top, and you've got yourself a dish pretty damn close to authentic daily Chinese fare.Food was just okay compared to other Chinese or Thai restaurant. I met with my old friend an wanted to spend some good time together but all was ruined. A middle age lady served us. She first came when we greeted each other so we told her to give us more time. She came back in just 1 minute and said if we were ready to order! We said again to give more time but it was rude. Worst thing happen when we almost finished our dinner. The lady came twice and asked if we were finished without any smile. We were literally rushed. I did not even want to pay a tip but it was already included when I got the bill. There are tons of kind and nice restaurants around Penn. I do not to go back to this place...Let me start off by saying that although I now live in New Jersey, I am originally from Toronto - one of the best cities for Chinese food (same level as San Francisco and Vancouver).
I came for dinner with the family on Sunday since I was staying at the Sheraton for business and did not feel like driving to Chinatown.
I would say this eatery is targeting mainly University students. Some of the dishes were good, while others missed the mark.
First reason for losing stars from me is that many items on the menu were not available that evening. We were disappointed to find out that most of the dishes we were planning to order were not available: crab, lobster, special chicken dish.
Second, we were told that the Peking duck, full size, only came with 4 pancakes...really? Pancakes are made with flour and water, I know because I have made them before! We also were told that they did not serve the duck bones as a second course, so that makes me wonder how much of the duck do you really get? We noticed that other tables around us who ordered duck with rice only got the duck bones part...little meat. Put 2+2 together yourself.
The Green beans with minced pork and General Tao Chicken were good. But the Clams in Black Bean Sauce was missing some heat, had many 'empties', and had sand in quite a few of them. The Crispy Tofu in XO sauce was missing some flavour other than soy sauce and the tofu was not what I expected as crispy.
If you are looking for a good Chinese dinner with rice, I would recommend the extra trek to Chinatown...have not tried their resto there yet, but on the list for next time!While the food served was flavorful and nicely prepared. This was not true Chinese cuisine.  It was Chinese for Americans ... and incorporated other Asian fusion elements. That meant that my dim sum was flat tasting and the spicy shrimp ... wasn't.  
Service was slow, the main dish came out before the appetizers, and my Peking Duck roll was cold (not supposed to be).
My glass of wine was so small they used a sherry glass ... and prices were inflated.
Overall ... not a place I will return to or recommend.First time there and I'd def go back.  Very good pad thai - flavorful, nicely sized portion and the shrimp was fresh.  A mango smoothie was a nice finale.  
I dined early on a Thursday evening and the place was filled...unfortunately this included an immature group of douchebags sitting directly behind me screaming in my ear.Sang Kee is reliable Chinese food but it's not anything to write home about. Its convenient location has become a staple among students who need something fast but don't want to skimp on the integrity of the food. I've come here so many times during busy weeks because I needed to eat fast so I could go back to living at the library. 
Now wait, fast service at a sit-down restaurant? Yes, that definitely describes Sang Kee! They have such a high turnover but maybe it's because you can't tolerate their horrible service any more so you're compelled to leave as soon as you finish your meal.
I've never left with a positive experience of their service. The waiters are not pleasant or attentive. They forget to put your order in, or they'll take 20 minutes and 3 reminders to bring you Siracha sauce. They won't tell the chef that you want something to be spicy or mild. They have absolutely the WORST service. The only reason it's still successful is because it's consistent and convenient. You leave full and content; and in the end, that's what matters to most people.Eaten here a bunch of times and ordered lots of different things here. 
Some of the things I've had:
*Lemongrass chicken w/ white rice and veg: 4 out of 5
*General Tsos Chicken: 4 out 5
*Honey Walnut Shrimp: 2 out of 5
Both chicken dishes are really good. The Honey Walnut Shrimp had way too much of a fruity taste for my liking.
For prices, not that this place is expensive, but some prices are heavily inflated. General Tsos is like 15 bucks which is way too much, while the lemon grass chicken is 9 bucks, great price.
If you're in the mood for asian, overall, I would say this is a good spot. 
Note that service can be really really slowLiterally the best shrimp dumplings I've had anywhere -so flavorful! They do delivery now and the big bowl of soup is amazing. I've gone here with friends before and their chinese food is fantastic tooUgh.....I'm not gonna lie....I was sorely disappointed when I came here expecting delicious noodles and tapioca milk tea and did not get either!  First off, why would you list tapioca under your drink options if you decided to no longer serve it?!?!?!?!? The server literally said, "we don't have tapioca because it's too fat."  And then, for a restaurant to have the word "Noodle House" in its name, one would expect glorious noodles, right? TOTALLY WRONG!  I ordered dan dan noodles and it was pretty awful (it tasted oddly peanutbutter-y and the noodles were mushy and overcooked).  
I will say that the location is pretty convenient (especially if you're staying at the Sheraton University City) and some of their other dishes were okay.  The Shanghai juicy buns were tasty enough, but not much broth in the dumplings and the spicy pork belly was prepared well.  Overall, I probably wouldn't come back...I don't know where they get their shrimp, but they are the best tasting shrimp ever In the pad Thai. Very firm, almost lobster tasting shrimp. So good.great food - try wonton noodle soup.  Hong Kong quality.  Xiao Long Bao also delicious.  Service can be better though.  Need smile.I met some friends here; as my friends raved about this place and it was Univ. Dining Days.  So there were two couples and a 2 year old at the table.  We ordered.  10 minutes later I got my entree but nobody else got theirs.  Then another 5 minutes later (I started eating already) waiter came out and said they were out of a key ingredient for the other 3 entrees; did we want to order something else?  We said send us a manager.  He was nice and took another order and they gave us all the later entrees for no charge.  But the food was pretty greasy and barely edible ; My wife took 3 bites and didn't even ask to take the rest home.  My Pad Thai was OK, but was not spicy at all despite being labelled as spicy on the menu.     and i had to take our 2 year old to run up and down the Sheridan elevator to entertain him while everyone else finished eating.  The one star is for the fact they acknowledged their error and made good on it.  But the food was no worth the price in any event.  My wife was hungry when she got home.Say 3.5 stars. During my second visit here, my husband and I tried the sweet taro coconut soup, veggie Singapore noodles and stewed veg tofu coconut curry with white rice. We asked them to make the entrees extra spicy. 
The soup was mild and delicious with the right amount of sweetness to it. The noodles and the tofu curry were not spicy at all, and could also use a little more salt - overall they just didn't seem as flavorful as I expected. My previous experience with spicy potato and mei fun noodles in black pepper sauce was great and I should stick with those items in future. The portions were big though and I might spice up the leftovers at home.This is an older review that got lost in my drafts, so apologies if this is outdated a little.
So this is a review for their noodle bowls. I've gone to this place maybe 76 times in my Penn career, and I've gotta say, I'm still not sick of their noodle bowls. Their other dishes vary little from average Chinese food; however, I'll recommend two dishes that were surprisingly better (although cost more as well): the stuffed eggplant in black bean sauce, and the seafood cantonese noodles (crispy noodles covered in sauce).
That said, we're going off-point here. Noodle bowls. These things are surprisingly cheap, and surprisingly filling. $5-7 a bowl, ranging from roast pork to lemon grass chicken and udon to egg noodles, they cover a wide range and bring a very familiar Canto taste with them that reminds me of my days in Hong Kong. :)
Granted, don't expect anything fancy or super high quality here. BUT if you consider that it's a restaurant that sits inside the Sheraton hotel, and its proximity to University City, and how decently the actual food tastes, it's really a good deal for good portions of pretty solid food.
This is only second to my first love, Sang Kee Peking Duck House in Chinatown. If you have the option, opt for the one in Chinatown; it makes a difference.Always delicious always fast, always tasty and doesn't break the bank. My favorite thing to get there is the bak choi with tofu and black mushrooms with brown rice. Even my boyfriend (who is not usually a fan of tofu) liked it! Also good choices are the juicy buns and fish with spicy sauce I think in a clay pot (one of their specials).A friend took us here for the shrimp dumpling noodle soup and another was delighted to dive into a huge bowl of roast pork noodle soup.  The wait staff was helpful, especially as we are non-native, and came by multiple times to check on us and fill our water.  I ordered a lychee martini, which was yum, but they delivered it with the same level of service as everything else and just crowded onto the table. The dishes(aside from the noodle soup bowls which are huge) tend to be small, which means you can try a number of selections. I would recommend as a great spot to get a filling meal.  Will be back again next time I am going to the U Penn Museum of Archaeology.I easily get disgusted with Chinese food when it's done half-assed! Either cook it right or close your restaurant!Their noodle soups are quite good here for lunch or dinner. However, I'm concentrating this review on their weekend dim sum. I would NOT recommend it. I'm from SF, have lived in several different cities on the east coast and west coast, so I've had my share of terrific and terrible dim sum. 
I had been to Sang Kee for dinner a few times before and found their food to be good, so I thought I'd give their dim sum a try. However, I was very disappointed. Much of their dishes looked reheated, in particular, the egg tarts (overly sweet and clearly not fresh as the custard was sloped down and a pasty yellow color), beef noodle rolls (wrinkled skin, thick), and peach-shaped red bean buns (which actually had lotus seed filling inside, not red bean), and tofu crepes were not made well, which  made me question their other dim sum dishes. The only one that seemed good was the siu mai-- it looked fresh, was hot throughout, and tasted good. The sticky rice wrapped in lotus leaves was okay, as was the scallion pancakes and char siu bao (except that it looked like red food coloring had been heavily used). Their "steamed shrimp dumplings" turned out to be pork/beef potstickers that had been steamed. 
Overall, I can't say I recommend their dim sum at all. If you want better dim sum, go to south philly to the places on Washington Street.
In addition to the poor quality of their dim sum, I was appalled at their service. I've typically hadn't had any complaints of their service, but the waiter we had was extremely slow in coming to take our order-- so much so that I had to ask other waitstaff and the hostess about having someone take our order. It wasn't as if he forgot-- he looked over at our table several times, making eye contact with me, and even took the order of another table before ours, even though we were seated and ready to order first. 
I would go back if I had a strong craving for noodle soup dishes, which they do well and I would not hesitate to take family members from SF there, but I won't go back ever for their dim sum.Today, was a belated birthday lunch for my co-worker. She chose Sangkee and it turned out to be a wonderful decision. I ordered the Pork Belly Rice Bowl w/ a mango smoothie. The pork belly was tender, seasoned, and the sauce was similar to a chinese bbq sauce.  I added hot oil on the side for a little spice.  
Service, the service was excellent and the restaurant wasn't crowded.  I felt like I was in a five star restaurant.  The server was very attentive and was within arms reach.  Water glasses refilled, dishes cleared from our table etc...  Don't cheat yourself and order food for pickup, please have a seat and enjoy a delicious meal...  Kudos to the Sang Kee staff, foh and kitchen....It looked promising, the soup looked really good on a cold day. Table water tasted like it just came out of the faucet, it was disgusting so we had to buy bottled water. I found two pieces of black hair in my soup!!! The dumplings were cold in the middle and the rice made my wife sick a few hours later. This place was gross all around. Food negligence like I've never seen before.My friends and I went here this week because one thought it was ridiculous that I had never eaten here before.  Fortunately I was not disappointed. 
I was skeptical - a Chinese food joint that tries to do other asian cuisines can truly be hit or miss.  That being said, I was warned not to order anything but Chinese food.  Apparently their Thai and Korean dishes aren't good at all.  
I ordered the roast pork egg noodle soup with vegetables.  I was told that this soup is prepared very authentcally and is probably the best thing on the menu.  It was delicious!  For $6 it was loaded with big pieces of pork, lots of egg noodles, and lots of bright green, crisp broccoli rabe.  It felt like I was eating a comforting homemade soup and not something loaded with fat and MSG.  There was so much of it that I could only finish half of it.  Of course, that could be because of the banana and strawberry smoothies I had with it....  
Definitely check out this place, but be wary of what you order. Also, be patient; the service is kind of slow (and hence the 3 stars instead of 4).The waiters at this restaurant work very hard to give good customer service and are friendly. Service is also quick, which is helpful when you are a student on the run. This place serves dim sum on the weekends, but oddly it doesn't serve any fried taro dumplings which is usually a dim sum staple. Overall though, the food is good and service is good.This is my fav lunch spot. Their general chicken and shrimp is a must have! Also the house pan fried noodles is A+Really? No 5-star ratings? Maybe my taste in Chinese food is bad, because this is as good as it gets (especially for duck). I've been down to the location in Chinatown a couple of times, but when Sang Kee opened a location on Penn's campus, my girlfriend and I came here a lot more often. The location in the Sheraton is very nice; there is plenty of seating everywhere, and service is very quick and efficient.
Hands down, you have to try the Peking duck here. Whether it's half a duck or a whole duck or just a couple of duck rolls, Sang Kee has the best duck I've tasted at a Chinese restaurant. The meat is always tender and juicy, and when you add in the duck sauce it really just hits the spot. The noodle soup is also well-done, compared to some run-of-the-mill shops I've eaten it from. One of our favorite dishes (if overlooked) are the watercress dumplings; these are prepared really well, and the watercress brings a unique flavor to what would be an ordinary pork dumpling.
Another great thing about the new place is that they send out specials every now and then that are really worth it (e.g. $20 if you spend more than $40, if I recall, was one of the early specials). Perhaps this is to offset the slightly higher price, but nevertheless it's just more incentive to go visit and eat more duck. All in all, they've done a really good job with the place and have saved students a long trip out to the Vine Street Expressway (literally).Been coming here a lot and I LOVE LOVE LOVE the food ..... it never lets me down. And the drinks are strong !!I'm eating here rite now because I'm staying in this hotel. This place was packed at around 6 pm, hence it's now 9 pm and I can eat in peace. I'm eating the shrimp roll and sang kee wonton soup. Very plain looking as the soup has nothing  but the wontons and green onions and the shrimp roll comes with no display. Both good but a little on the salty side. The shrimp roll is packed with shrimp so that's good. I initially thought it was a fresh roll, however it's deep fried. Cleaner than some other Chinese restaurants I have been to but nothing special, good Decore and layout though. Service was normal, nothing spectacular nothing horrible. I'd come here again but just out of convenience.Food is okay, but the portion is very small. So, it is a $$+ restaurant. 
I went there during lunch hours. It was empty. How can they maintain the business? 
I would not recommend this place.Food (7.5/10) = The food for the most part was so-so.  Ordered the following:
"Lemon Grass Grilled Chicken w. Veg" = This was the best dish we ordered that night.  The grilled flavor was nice.  Everyone has heard this before... sometimes the best is usually simple.   
"Singapore Noodle (Thin glass rice noodle w. shrimp, roasted pork, onion, pepper in Indian curry sauce)" = This dish was ok, but wasn't bad.  I've had better singapore noodles before.   
"Chicken w. Oriental Eggplant in Garlic Sauce" = the flavor was boring.  Chicken was certainly tender, but everything else was a low note.  My least favorite of the four dishes we ordered. 
"Shredded Pork and Thousand Years Egg Congee" = again, just like the singapore noodles, this dish was ok.  I've had better.
Ambiance (7.5/10) = The decor is rather nice.  It's a restaurant inside the Sheraton hotel close to University of Pennsylvania.  
Service (6.5/10) = Where was the water?  We came here after 9 pm, and we were one of a few tables to be served that night.  No excuse for not having/refilling water for your guests...especially when hardly anyone else was there eating, and when diners can see waiters just standing around in the back chatting.  
Overall Opinion =  This area of Philly has a lot of food trucks, and the Chinese food served by some of these trucks taste better and are cheaper.  The only dishes I would order again from Sang Kee are the "rice dishes."I thought the food was pretty good.  Sure, it's not chinatown quality but for  eating near school, it's pretty good. 
I had the vegetable fried rice and the sweet and sour chicken (comes with white or brown rice).  I had the food to go.  Both dishes came in the same plastic container and the rice came in a typical white chinese take out box.
The fried rice had a lot of flavor and was definitely good enough to eat on it's own.  The sweet and sour chicken was also good with lots of flavor and rice.
Unlike other reviewers, I didn't think that the portions were too small.  I thought it was a good quantity...my friend and I were definitely full.
It's great for some quick and simple chinese take out or dine in located in University City.Disappointed with the food and the service.
Ordered 4 dishes and none of them was tasty.
 The waiter wasn't familiar with its menu.
Won't come back.Not the best spicy noodles in the city but not bad either. I usually get the chicken curry soup and always ask for it "extra hot" even though it never comes spicy enough for me. I use a lot of Siracha to fix that. Sometimes the service is slow in this place but that might be because it's usually very busy with a mix of hotel patrons and students. The price is a little on the high side for what you get but that's to be expected in a restaurant attached to a hotel in University City.Service can be frustrating, because most of the waiters seem to prefer speaking in Chinese. If you're craving the typical Americanized Chinese menus, like the general Tso Chicken or Ginger Chicken, try some place else. Sangkee is rather pricey for what it serves, although I wouldn't say that the food here is anything bad. It's just what you would expect from your order. Don't go for any of the exquisite menus, either, because despite its location (in the lobby of Sheraton), they don't specialize in gourmet Chinese cuisine. Rather, try their fried rice because they have the best fried rice in the neighborhood.
Make sure you sign up for the "VIP" card, because this card lets you accumulate you points. Take-outs are processed quickly, although for some reason their fried rice seems to taste better when eaten in, rather than taken out.My major had dinner here for graduating seniors last night... in order to feed about 30-40 people we had a lot of different dishes brought to tables and we all just ate family style. 
The variety was pretty good but I wasn't really that impressed with the food. It was your typical sweet and sour shrimp, noodles, dumplings, chicken/beef with vegetables... dessert was a sampler of different ice creams, they were ok.
Overall, I wasn't blown away. I guess I need to go one day where I can pick something I want and actually be able to taste my food without having 5 different things on my plate. 
I've heard prices are low, so that's something to look forward to.I had to write an update after trying a totally different style of dishes tonight.
For this visit, we opted for a more modern Asian cuisine and was very impressed with the quality, quantity, and service.
The first dish we ordered was the pork belly wrapped with steam buns. My family devoured the entire thing before I can take a picture, but one taste and you'll know why! The buns were light and fluffy, the pork belly was so soft (like eating marshmallows), and they added a squirt of spicy sirarcha mayo on it. If pigs were made of clouds, this is what they would taste like.
Next comes the garlicy crusted short ribs. The outside was glazed with a layer of smokey garlic, the inside was savory and tender meat that yields with a gentle tear. The meat was perfectly marinated with a touch of sweetness that I couldn't pinpoint. This is better than Korean short ribs IMHO because it had more complex flavors with the garlic, soy sauce, and some sweet sauce...perhaps honey.
Then comes the spicy pork belly with cabbages. I'm in love with the fragrant chili oil and the creaminess of the pork belly. The chili oil gives the pork a nice peppery smell without killing my taste buds. The fatty skin of the pork has a nice chewy texture, the meat of the pork is lean. This is the Asian version of bacon and makes the perfect sidekick to a bowl of white rice.
Last but not least, we tried the salt and pepper shrimp and was amazed at the simplicity but complex flavors of this dish. The shrimp was pan fried with a layer of tempura breading with garlic, five spices (I think), salt, and pepper. The shrimp was springy and juicy, the breading had sprinkles of five spice, shallots, and garlic. The result is a symphony of spices that tickles every part of my tongue. 
Overall, I'm truly impressed with this place and quite shocked that it only had three stars. Unlike other Chinese restaurants in Philly, I didn't hurry to chug a quart of water from the MSG. If you're looking for a clean, reasonably priced Asian restaurant, this is it!Gina M. and I went here with a groupon, and we will definitely go back without one.  It was a very enjoyable experience.
The menu has a lot going on, but I went with the crowd favorite, beef chow fun.  Wow was that delicious.  I've never had chow fun before so my basis for comparison is nil, but it was amazeballs.  I have caught myself daydreaming about it a few times since.
I wasn't entirely impressed with the dim sum sampler.  I found the dumplings to be a little bland and sweaty.  But live and learn, that's what I say.  
In addition to delicious noodles, parking was easy, service was fast & friendly, and the ambiance was cool.  I will be back!Expensive, terrible food. There was dried food on my chopstick. Lukewarm, fatty chicken and a watered down, nuclear waste colored "coconut" drink (which is two for one, if you like having two orders of something gross). If you have to get something here, get vegetables like the roasted garlic pea leaves. Those are fine. Why anyone would pick this over Han Dynasty down the street is beyond me, though.I have been going to this place for year with family and friends.  It's been said in other posts's but pork and duck are tremendous.  Soups are delicious tooThe first time I went to Sang Kee, I tried their duck noodle soup. I hated it. I had a duck noodle soup at their Reading Terminal Market location weeks before and disliked it, so I thought I would give this University City location a try. But it turned out I still disliked it. A year later, I decided to give Sang Kee another chance. Perhaps I just dislike bone-in duck. So this time I ordered the beef brisket noodle soup. It was not the best I've tried, but passable. It came out fast despite the restaurant being packed on a Saturday night. My boyfriend's beef chow fun was really good. The dumplings, however, were way too greasy. I then tried papaya with snow fungus for dessert. I really liked it. It wasn't too sweet. Sang Kee seems to be a hit-or-miss for me overall.This place is very bland and "meh." The food variety is great, but I have yet to order a dish to make me feel like it's a very great restaurant. In fact, because I've been there often and haven't gotten very good food yet, I give it 2 stars.I came for dim sum, and the food was super mediocre. I'd suggest traveling to Chinatown for cheaper dim sum that tastes better. I had the pan fried turnip cakes (a staple), which were of good consistency. I also ordered their siu mai, which were pretty standard fare as well.
Then I remember ordering steamed dumplings (3), which were actually undercooked. Maybe the dumplings had freezer burn or something, but the dough was dry and not steamed through at all (for all three dumplings). I asked my waiter about the dumplings, so he nicely offered to get me another dish, and the manager actually came out to apologize and remove it from my check. I was thankful for his courtesy, but when the dumplings came out, they still were undercooked. I didn't want to complain about anything, so I ended up leaving them partially uneaten.
A friend of mine ordered some noodle or rice dish, and there were no complaints from the other end of the table. Sangkee usually has pretty good food, but their dim sum is par or sub par.Good food, although some are "American Chinese" food so they're not that authentic. The shanghai noodles are amazing.Sang Kee Noodle house is a Ucity staple. I've bn coming here for years and always love whatever i get. Service is usually fast and staff is polite. Lunch time get busy but things move fast despite it being a packed house. Im a big fan of the noodle soups and lotus seafood fried rice.I usually really like Sang Kee but today had a terrible experience. I ordered the House Special Noodle Soup, and as I started eating it, my fingers started becoming really itchy. This has never happened to me eating any restaurant, and I think it was because of the MSG in the soup. Later, other parts of my hand began to become very itchy and now, 30 minutes after eating the soup and I am home, I feel better.In my entire life I have never felt inclined to write out a yelp review of any establishment until I was forced to eat breakfast at this restaurant. I have never had a more terrible or stressful experience when trying to simply get some eggs and toast. The waiters communication was poor and our food took about 40 minutes to be brought out. It got to the point where we only had 5 more minutes before we had to leave the hotel to go to our event, so I politely asked the waiter to check on our food and explained the circumstances. When he went over to the cook to ask she looked up and stared at our table and loudly exclaimed "Leave then". To say I felt disrespected is an understatement. Not to mention we are about to compete in our championship meet and if we do not receive breakfast we will be without food for the next 8 hours. Overall, this restaurant and its staff led to a morning of stress, frustration and pure anger and unless those are emotions that you enjoy, I would suggest never stepping foot in this establishment.