in general, LOVED the food!
...however....
OMFG!!!!!  Wonton Soup! WONTON Soup! WONTON SOUP!!!
"Sure", your thinking "It's only wonton soup. Big deal." No, no, no. I've NEVER had such a fantastic experience from such an ordinary staple of Chinese Restaurant Universe. First the wonton wrapper is thin and delicate. The broth is light and tasty! as not to fight with the wontons. Oh! Dear Lord! Let me tell you about the WONTON. The first time my wife and I ate at Sang Kee, naturally I ordered the wonton soup. expecting the "usual" fare.
The waiter placed a large bowl of soup before me. My first clue that these little jewels bathing in ta golden broth,  was they are not the usual thick, triangular wads of dough filled with an ground pork with way too much chives. 
Instead, I was presented with beautiful, round, delicate little wontons. My first bite was the MOST WONDERFUL FLAVOR AND TEXTURED MORSEL I've EVER ATE! "I'm not exaggerating"  The flavor was much different than I had ever experienced before. First, the pork in the wonton has a roasted, almost smoky flavor, accompanied with two little, perfectly sized, whole shrimp (imagine a sandwich (shrimp/pork/shrimp) in each dumpling. 
The wrapper, OH! the wrapper, is so light and delicate you actually taste the filling first BEFORE the wonton wrapper. The broth is light flavorful and satisfying.
This in absolutely when The whole is truly greater than the sum of its parts.
 I LOVE YOU, LITTLE WONTONS
NealI've been going to this place since I was a kid visiting Philly with my parents. The food is the reason why I still go today! Huge portions to split with your family and friends. The only thing they need to work on is to have a more attentive staff. Doesn't bother me too much, but a 10 minute wait until the waiter greets you while you're hungry feels like an eternity! Other than that.. place is awesome with amazing food!This place is a corner shop and easy to find. I ordered the duck and roast pork noodle soup. It's delicious and authentic. To take home, I ordered a whole duck and while ginger garlic chicken both $20 each. If I'm ever I'm the area, I'll definitely be back.Food is awesome, its fairly packed most of the time and they provide great customer service. But they are over priced compare to other places in Chinatown with the same quality and service. I would recommend it every once in a while.A quick bite after going to Franklin Institute (saw Sang Kee mini stall at the Reading Terminal during lunch). Had the duck noodle soup and wife had the short ribs Taiwanese special.  She loved it (not to my taste however), but the duck is great!  Afterwards, the do give you the mini scoop of ice cream (you can order regular scoop if you want), which are 100x better than fortune cookies or oranges. We got 3- coconut, chocolate mint and green tea.Worst place ever. If I could put a 0 star, I would. Food has gotten worse over the years. Customer service is nonexistent. Manager was extremely rude. Does not want to accommodate guest. It's like they don't care. My family and I will never go back!We held our family reunion here and gathered on the 2nd floor.  What a group we gathered.
The staff was great.  They worked with our crazy schedule and requests and even helped to take pictures.
As always the timing was off so they were patient and made the food after we got done with announcements, games, and introductions.
They have a preset menu for banquets.  Duck (of course), chicken with beans, shrimp, rice, noodles but my group doesn't eat much meat and Mr. G and I are eating vegan so we altered the menu a bit.
The spring rolls and veggie pan fried dumplings - both so yummy.
The tofu was cut into big chunks so it was a softer than I like it.  The pan fried noodles and mixed veggies were great.
The room was long and narrow and it fit us all.  What a great time.if you are looking for quantity rather than quality for your buck, this place is good. 
my friends and i got the set dinner for four. we had five people eat the prefixed dinner and we still had left overs. the set dinner had honey walnut shrimp and i'm usually a huge fan but it tasted stale. The chicken with eggplant was good though. 
my friends and i sat near the tv on the second floor. it was hard to get the attention of our waiter. i waved my hands several times but gave up. one of my friends had to walk up to a waiter. 
the duck was good but i was disappointed that it didn't come with the fluffy white buns. instead we were given these tortilla looking wraps (my Chinese friend said this was authentic but I personally prefer the white fluffy buns). 
the free ice cream was nice. they gave us a variety of ice cream scoops on a plate. there was coconut, red bean, green bean, and ginger. the ginger (orange/yellow colored one) was gross. the others were good.Great food and best service!!! Thanks Nicole!!! You rock... I really enjoy the whole experience. Never disappointed!!! Been coming here for over 20 years and now I have a favorite waitress. Nicole great job!!!There are only 5 words you MUST say to your waiter upon entering... "Duck, Pork, Wonton, Noodle, Soup" and I give you a 100 percent guarantee you will be receiving one of the greatest chinese soups that you have ever had. Sang Kee is easily one of the best Chinese restaurants you will go to. I've always ordered the soup there because it's a bit of their specialty- but people i've taken have ordered other dishes and they never disappoint.
The decor is decent as it isn't a hole in the wall- and their more formal dining room is pretty standard upstairs but for a lunch or very casual date it never ceases to satisfy. In fact your significant other will be so surprised that you are in the know with such a great place. 
Superior quality food at a great price. Nuff Said.I really don't know why Sang Kee was so empty when we went on a Sunday late morning. Well no complains there, since we had all the service and attention to ourselves for the most part of our visit until someone else came in. 
Without question, the duck is a must-try. The skin is roasted to a crispy texture and the meat tender and flavorful. On a typical day the half duck would be perfect for 2. But some times I wanted variety, so on those days I would go for the quarter duck, plus other dishes. 
Tried their wonton soup as well, the wontons are handmade and delicious, though I found the soup a tad too salty for my liking (that is usually the trend for most places so take that with a pinch of salt *literally*) Love the congee with century egg and pork. It's a classical breakfast item that is wonderfully done. The freshly made fried dough stick complements the congee really well. 
All in all we had a wonderful brunch before heading home, and whenever we are in the area we will stop by for some awesome Chinese food!Very good, prompt service.  Crispy calamari were delicious.  Duck spring rolls were yummy.  The broth in both the won ton soup and the shrimp dumpling noodle soup had a very pungent, bad smell that I couldn't get pass.  I would definitely go again I just wouldn't order of the soups.We wanted something different in Philadelphia and decided to hit Chinatown.  If you've never been to Philly's Chinatown (I hadn't), it's really nice. Tons of options.  Fun to walk around.  I've been to Chinatowns everywhere (San Francisco, Oakland CA, Victoria BC, Chicago, NYC, DC (DC's sucks), Honolulu... and even Hong Kong and Kowloon), but somehow missed Philadelphia's until this past weekend.  I recommend it if you're in town. We were looking for Peking Duck and this restaurant seemed the most recommended.  It was boisterous and busy... 3 floors... we waited for about 15 minutes for a table.  But the service was friendly once we were seated.  My son wanted dim sum, so he ordered veggie/pork steamed buns (that came out hot and fresh).  He gave them a thumbs up. We also got "Golden Shrimp with honey coated walnuts" (yummy if you like this dish... it has a mayonnaise sauce).  I wasn't crazy about the fried shrimp  here. I like a lightly battered fried shrimp over this cheaper-seeming crunchy fried shrimp.  But it was nice enough and the rice was perfect.  We also got 1/2 a Peking Duck.  The flavor was incredible.  Truly delicious.  And it was served cold/luke-warm... which I find to be fairly typical in many Chinese restaurants... but my son was disappointed.  He prefers it hot and fresh like at Peking Gourmet Inn in Seven Corners, Virginia (near DC). Still, the flavor of the duck was truly awesome.  The pancakes were a bore... I prefer homemade, smaller ones.  But overall, we loved the experience.  I'd probably try a noodle place in Philly's Chinatown next time, but for Peking Duck, this was great.Today's visit completely changed my feelings about Sang Kee. Service was perfect, food was great. Dan Dan noodles were a solid B+ (vs Han Dynasty's, which are supreme.) Steamed Shanghai Juicy Buns were truly fantastic: toothsome, rich, light, and a tiny bit sweet. I could have done without a million people banging into my chair like a video game as I was eating. But when Chinese food is delicious, I can live with it. Cash only.Came here for wonton soup and duck because I heard it was good.  So after a 15 min trek to this place in ice cold weather I devoured the wonton soup.  Noodles were cooked perfect, the broth was perfectly flavored and the wontons that I believe were pork n shrimp were delicious and they didn't skimp on them in this $7 soup.  The Chinese broccoli was a nice added touch too.  Now I don't really dig the fat on my meat but I had to try the duck in its Sang Kee style form.  Once I got past that... It was pretty good.Overall an ok restaurant in Chinatown. You are paying a premium but it is a cleaner restaurant that accepts credit card. I've been coming for at least a decade but haven't in the last 5 years. Peking duck is only ok, not quite as crunchy as I would like. They cut it in the kitchen...what knocks a star off is the fact they didn't give me the duck carcass. I ordered a full duck and when I asked for the carcass, the waiter looked at me then said they already threw it away. Um, yeah right a Chinese restaurant threw away a duck carcass, which EVERY Chinese person uses to make porridge. Probably some other employee claimed it. I then asked for the next duck carcass they cut up but that was the last I heard on this topic. 
I also got a pork belly dish with peppers...WAY TOO SALTY 
I think this place has gone down hill over the years.WOW!
I haven't had Peking Duck this good... ever. Tender, juicy, perfectly fried fatty skin are all of the elements you need to make a great Peking Duck. Sang Kee knows what they are doing. 
We ordered a TON of food, I felt like it was never ending. The spring rolls with accompanying hot mustard and duck sauce were fantastic, the green beans were just as good, and the Chinese broccoli.. ugh, I could eat that all day. I wasn't too impressed with the dumplings, they lacked flavor and soy, and the shanghai spicy buns were not spicy. But, the price point for food and alcohol was worthwhile and I will definitely be returning whenever I feel the urge to eat Donald Duck.FYI: Pretty good space for group dinners since their menu is basically set up to be family style.
PROS: Can't really put a "What I Got" section cause Lord knows what the names are of the dishes my mom ordered. But considering the variety, I'd say their menu is pretty diverse in terms of what types of Chinese food they make. Everything tasted pretty okay, nothing like over the top spectacular but nothing like totally inedible either. The authenticity factor was also definitely there. Presentation was lacking a tad bit and could've been better but it's kinda expected at a place like this in Chinatown. Definitely better than the one in University City though, so if you're willing to make the trip, this Sang Kee is the one to be at.
CONS: The place felt a bit....dirty to me. It was pretty sparse in the "welcoming" vibe in both the ambiance and the wait staff.Looks like a cafeteria with service to match, but great traditional chinese food.  Get the Peking duck meal for 2 or 4.The best thing here is the Peking duck no surprise there! Seafood pan fried noodles are plain but the veggies are fresh so that's a nice treat. It's on the light side even though it has a deep fried component to it. Seafood maw soup was also very plain, be careful adding vinegar! Their dispensers are very...... Good at dispensing.... Dandan noodles are HOT! Very hot and kind of boring, would skip. I actually rly liked the string beans with minced meat, it was flavorful. Chicken with crispy skin and garlic seasoning was basically steamed chicken with a little bit of grease. Lacking in flavor however it was boneless. The duck is better (and cheaper) than the chicken. 
Great staff, very prompt and friendly and helpful. The food itself comes out exceptionally fast (aka strangely fast) which is good for people in a hurry. Nothing is too salty or laden with msg so it feels healthier to eat. Food was very inexpensive ($6-16) per dish. Complimentary fortune cookies and ice cream at the end. Fairly clean bathroom. Street parking was pretty easy to find on a late Saturday afternoon (mind you it was rainy) and lots of lots across the street ($10/day roughly). 
Overall an average restaurant, safe choice for a family!Our server was kind and friendly, probably the only plus side of this restaurant. The name of the restaurant is kind of misleading. I was born and raised in Beijing and during my visit to Philly I craved for some hometown food. Then I saw this place on yelp and decided to give it a try. The Peking duck is not authentic at all (except the sauce, but still the sauce is overly sweet). They made the whole duck not in Peking style but Canton style. I received a roasted duck, with very uncrispy skin, and way too juicy lean meat (Peking duck is supposed to be drier for the lean meat), the wrap is too thick and dry, almost like a burrito tortilla. Had I known how they make the duck I would not have visited the place.
Also ordered wonton noodle soup and another rice dish of which I forgot the English name. Wonton noodle soup was fine, the other rice dish was awful.Possibly some of the best Chinese food I've ever had. Try the fried dumplings and roast pork....This is the closest place you will find in Chinatown that serves authentic Beijing (aka Peking) flavored food. Chinese food isn't all the same and Beijing has a unique taste. Their fried rice is awesome, try the Peking ribs, and they have the best fried dumplings in town. Their soup is so good and if duck is your thing, the duck noodle soup is top notch!Didn't try their peking duck but we got beef with egg plants, beef stir fried chow fun, and Singapore noodles. They come in good portion and flavor. I think it is a little on the salty side. But def pretty authentic and inexpensive.We have been going to this place for years and the recent visit wasn't so good. It seems some sort of transitioning may be occurring because the overall cleanness (to include the eating utensils) of the establishment had declined and the food was a little off.  Dumplings a little rubbery, rice with meat dishes taste old.  The food arrived in minutes, so not sure about the preparation.  If this is a frequent/favorite, put this place on watch.  I'm not going back, will switch to Ting Wong.This place is a must if you're in Philadelphia! Yes cheese steak is great, but you don't want to miss out on some great roasted duck! Love this place.This place NEVER disappoints. I love the following: Wonton Noodle Soup, Beef and Vegetable Rice Platter, Pan Fried Dumplings, Roast Duck with vegetable over rice, Roast Duck and Roast Pork noodle soup, snails....gosh I could go on...everything taste sooooo good!Sang Kee serves up delicious, hot, meaty noodle soup at incredible prices and speed.  I have nothing else to day.  Go on a cold day.Came here with friends. We ordered Peking duck which was quite tasty. However we were surprised that the wrapper was Mexican tortillas. I was expecting something more authentic. We also never got the rice we ordered.Best pan fried noodles in town. Duck is solid.AND this place doesn't let you pay with credit card...CASH ONLY.....that sucks!!!First time here. Food is not all that great. Very typical roast pork/duck. Every waiter here hates their job. Walked in with a group of four, and the the lady told us to wait , someone is leaving. Then the waiter comes out of the dining room and strictly says"there are no seats!" A good ten minute wait, we take a peak into the dining room and there are three empty tables. And look what we found? A cricket in our vegetables .I came here with great expectations and left completely disgusted. This duck is dreadful. Fatty, carved horribly, with pancakes taken out of a plastic bag. I even saw the chef pour the Hoisin Sauce out of a large can. The whole experience was absolutely putrid.This place is the OG peeking duck house. I love this place; a go to for the roasted duck wonton noodle soup. It is to die for... The price is very reasonable and it's really filling. My friends and I also got the full duck and it is a lot of food so come hungry if you want the whole duck. Softahell crabs are also in season and for a low price of $20, you can enjoy fried softshell. The only thing is that this place is pretty small and crowded because so many people come to eat. Make sure when you come, the whole party that you want to sit with are there or else you will not get seated. 
I can't say much bad things about this place; it's my second go to in Chinatown.Not impressed. After reading a lot of excellent reviews about this place, I decided to order (delivery). The food was way overpriced and none of it was that good. We had the sang kee fried rice, the general tso's chicken, and the pan fried noodles. The fried rice was bland, there was no spice to the chicken. The chicken was also fried in a way that I'm not familiar with- fried as a whole breast and then cut into strips? I will say that it was nice to actually see white meat chicken, not covered by thick, fried batter. The noodles were ok, but they don't travel well. Overall, dinner was expensive and disappointing.I have been to this restaurant twice and both time was greatly satisfied. The first I went, I went with a group of friends and shared the prix fixe peking duck meal for 4. Everything was done perfectly. The string beans were the unexpected star of the show. Service is incredibly nice and accommodating. Second time I went I ordered a roast duck and pork platter. Didn't disappoint. For less than ten bucks for a mountain of meat rice and veggies, it can't be beat.Definitely an icon in Chinatown for their shrimp dumpling soup, peking duck, roast pork, and fried dumplings.  I've been coming here since 1995 and everything about this restaurant hasn't changed beside the prices.  The food still tastes the same and what can I say, I wasn't disappointed.  Order this and you'll be in for a treat if you have a big appetite, you can also share it with friends: Shrimp dumpling soup only, Roast pork and roast duck with Rice and vegetables, half order of Peking duck (BOMB), Fried dumplings OR the fried shrimp dumplings.  Good to fill up a party of 2 and you guys get to share the best things on the menu. Don't forget: CASH ONLY!I visited on a weekday around 4 for an early dinner which meant the place wasn't very busy. After deciding on 2 dishes (half a Peking duck and something else, I can't remember) we placed our order. However, it took the waiter 20 mins before coming back to us to tell us they ran out of ingredients for one of the dishes. So we chose something else instead, pan fried noodles. The Peking duck came out first. Pretty standard duck but I really wished the server took the extra 5 seconds of his time to ask us if we wanted the pancake or buns to go with the duck. We revived the pancake, when what we actually wanted were the soft buns. The last complaint I have is that I had to ask a 2 different servers for the check because the first one completely forgot (remember, the restaurant wasn't busy). Overall, food was average and service was bad.My favorite chinese restaurant.  Cheap, good fast service, amazing food, convenient location, plenty of tables, vegetarian options, huge menu, great place to stop in after or before a movie, or before going out in the city.  See you there soon!!One of the Best duck out there. Typical china town service.  Roast duck, roast pork over rice. It's bangin. ;)The vegetables were a little on the oily side and the wonton noodle soup was very bland. I put red vinegar, chili oil, and soy sauce in attempt to make it better. It didnt help. The egg noodles were also overcooked. Their peking duck wasnt too bad, the skin was crispy, but it lacked a bit of the duck taste. My friend also ordered the fried wontons, which tasted completely different from the soup wontons. If you ever crave them, please get the fried ones and not the one that comes with soup.
One of our bowls was dirty so we had to ask them to switch. The service was quite alright and not too slow.For authentic Chinese food you definitely need to visit Sang Kee. This place is such a hit with my relatives when they visit from Australia, Singapore, and UK. My relatives loves their duck and it seems to be the best. My parents loves the duck, roast pig, and their wonton soup. Their wonton and shrimp dumplings is the traditional Cantonese dumplings you get in Hong Kong.
My husband and I usually make a visit to Sang Kee on the weekends for their roast pig and rice platter or duck. There is so much to love about Sang Kee and now our friends love Sang Kee as much as we do. The prices are great.Deliciousness perfected.  Great corner location. Bustling, bright, bare bones decór, sang kee focuses all of their attention on good service and classic dishes. I recommend ~ duck rolls;  Shanghai noodle; half & full duck ~served with traditional steaming hot pancakes, fresh scallion and special sauce. Fried shrimp dumplings, can't go wrong, they are out of this world. Full bar, as well.The worst Chinese food ever......The duck was nothing but bones. The wonton soup with noodles was tasteless and the noodles were so soggy they must of been sitting in a pot all day. I never tasted or have seen the fried rice we were served. Never again.Wonton soup was a great start to the meal. Followed by delicious crispy dumplings and then the duck, I couldn't get enough of the food. The juice that the duck is in makes you want to have more. The wontons in the soup have a slight smoky flavor, which I really liked. First time I went, I couldn't decide what to get since the menu had so many choices. Too bad it's located in Philly, and that I live almost 1200 miles away in Boca Raton. 
Me and my dad stopped in Phila for a few days as a separate vacation from our trip to Manhattan. We tried many restaurants, from Ralph's to Pat's, and we were in for several treats. But Sang Kee was the highlight of our excursion. This was my favorite restaurant in Philadelphia by far. I hope I can come back here soon for more tasty duck.I find that whenever I order form here the food is always good and consistent.  The best duck in chinatown. the service is ok but they are also busy during dinner and lunch hours. definitely worth visiting.We stopped in here after catching Jersey Boys in January.  We were in town celebrating our anniversary and this was one of my bookmarks after seeing all the great reviews.  Sadly (and I guess luckily), out of all the places we tried, Sang Kee was the only disappointment.
We went in late at night and ordered the shrimp dumpling soup, fried shrimp dumplings, and some snow pea leaves.  Both shrimp dumplings tasted off and I was beginning to get paranoid (since I'm pregnant) but realized that they were just very heavy-handed with the bamboo shoots.  I'm used to the more authentic Cantonese ones that may have bamboo as an ingredient but not as a predominant one and/or overpowering in bamboo flavor.  The veggies were good, but definitely overpriced.
Service was a miss.  It was hard to get the attention of any one of the 4 servers sitting together near us chatting it up.  The place was dirty (not that I've ever really had great Chinese food in a really clean establishment too...hahaha).
This was definitely a miss and not worth a second visit.This place is consistently awesome. Seriously the best dan dan noodles in the city without a doubt.Looking for cheap eats?  You found the place!  Looking for good food?  Not here!  Looking for an experience that will make you thirsty for..... more water?  You get it here!  What am I talking about your probably wondering?   Well, how can I simply put this.  This place is OVERRATED!!!  Food is eh!  Overly salted and extra oily food is not good eats!!  When you walk out of the place, you will be dying of thirst!  They use salt as if its going outta style.  I'll pass on this place, and I pass on it everytime I walk by.  Choose somewhere else thats less hyped about.    The water was tasty though!!!
Happy Eating!!Had the Shrimp Dumpling Noodles.  There are 3 components in a good dumpling Soup: 
1. Soup:  I thought it was a chicken soup base.  The soup was clear but I didn't taste any shrimp nor the classic Dai Day Fish (a type of dried fish).  
2. Noodles:  Noodles should have a good chewiness to the noodles.  I thought the noodles may have been cooked alittle too long.  
3. Shrimp Dumpling:  It was okay.  My main comment was that the dumpling skin was broken in almost every dumpling. This means either the dumpling was cooked too long or the skin was too thin.  Either one is not good.  Also, I didn't taste any chinese chives.  
Overall, the noodle soup was not anything to write home about.  I heard that roast duck is famous here.This is one of my favorite go to Snacks when I'm craving some simple old school favorites with a bit more love in the prep. I love their  mooshu pork and roasted pork with green veggies. Their wonton soup and dumplings are good too. 
My husband once got something that was Szechuan influence. It just made me want Han Dynasty or Dan Dan so I stray away from Szechuan. Everything else on this menu is good to go! My friend loves the pecking duck.Despite dirty table settings and sub-par service (...it's chinatown, what do you expect?), Sang kee  is the place to go for roasted duck, hands down. Just be sure to order it as take out so you don't get skimped on your duck meats! It's probably more sanitary that way too, considering the duck won't be placed on a plate that was washed half-ass..assed? Assedly?It was a late Sat night in Philly and we were attacked by hunger. The only place open was this Chinese restaurant and we decided to get a taxi to get b4 they closed. The place was still somewhat pack. When I tried to order a pork soup, our waiter told us that they ran out of it and that if I wanted duck!.. I said no, that chicken should be fine. When he brought my soup, the meat didn't look anything like chicken but they swear it was. The soup didn't have no flavor and when I tried to eat the noodles they tasted HORRIBLE! i couldn't eat the soup at all. Since it was close to closing, he was trying to rush us and brought our bill even before we were done. Thankfully, we didn't eat anything so we made it quick for them. At the end, he brought ice cream, I guess to compensate for not having pork. It was a nice gesture- after all, It was the only thing that tasted good.The best soup award goes to Sang Kee's Roast Pork Wonton Noodle soup.  Order that with a couple Peking Duck Rolls and there is nothing better.  Sometimes I pick up a whole chopped duck and a lb of roast pork to take home when I'm passing through the city because it's right near the Ben Franklin bridge off of Vine.This is our favorite place for Peking Duck in Philadelphia.  Sang Kee never disappoints with crispy duck skin, juicy meat, delicious sauce and scallions.  They use the tortilla type pancakes, so if you are looking for more of the steamed bun wrapper, you will not find it here.  We took a big group and got a whole duck - mmmm!
We also got a ton of other tasty dishes - fish ball noodle soup (savory and delicious!), shanghai rib special, spicy flounder and tofu (really spicy - yes!), mushroom, pork and crispy tofu (really great fried tofu, but eat it quick, as the sauce on top will make the fried crispiness less so), a second dish with the remaining duck of green beans and duck (my favorite way to enjoy green beans I think), and a magnificent walnut shrimp  with walnuts bigger than I've ever seen!  We also got chicken fried rice, which could have used a little more time in the wok and was my least favorite, but everything else was spot on!
They serve a good selection of beer, as some places in Chinatown don't serve alcohol.  And I guess since everyone is comparing, yes, I've had Peking Duck in Beijing many times, but if you're in Philadelphia, this is the place to go.  Yum!I had a really great time overeating at Sang Kee!!! I recommend the Seafood Birdsnest, it was loaded with really fresh and tasty scallaops, shrimp, calamari, and white fish. Really nice dish. The Dumpligs were a great starter too, one day i'm gonna figure out how to make dumplings at home. The best part of the meal was the Peking Duck!!!! don't miss ordering the duck if you go to Sang Kee, that would be a huge mistake....it's rediculously good, and come to you cooked in i think 3 ways each as good as the other. The Peking Duck somehow made me a better person.i have been to sang kee about 3 times now, and every time, it gets just a little bit better than the last. the service is quick, but the wait for a table is sometimes over 30minutes..they need more tables in there!
the inside is sketchy and quite sticky, but the duck does not disappoint!One of my favorite places to get great Chinese food.  Friendly service too.
Must try the Peking duck roll or the Salt Baked Shrimp, Scallop & Squid in Five Spice.  I think every dish is pretty good (and I'm a bit of a Chinese food snob).  I've introduced all my friends to the deliciousness. of Sang Kee.I would be remiss if I didn't review this exceptional gem in Philadelphia's Chinatown. 
The signature Peking duck approaches the platonic ideal for that dish, with crispy skin covering moist, tender meat. The accompanying sauce is well balanced, neither overwhelming, nor being dominated by, the duck. (Be sure to apply it sparingly though.) 
The Shanghai pork ribs were amazing. (We think it was prepared in five spice sauce.) The ribs are braised to perfection, and are served with bok choi. 
The Chinese broccoli is a nice vegetable option, but bear in mind that it is loaded with ginger. 
Prices are reasonable and service is attentive.This place is pretty good. I have a cilantro allergy ( I know weird). When I go to Asian or Mexican restaurants, I tell the waitress and waiters up front. I ordered ramen here. They promised me no cilantro. The dish came with cilantro.they were very willing to fix it. I ended up ordering the lemon sesame chicken. I'm so glad I did. It was the best sesame chicken I've ever had. I want to go back and order it again. On a secondary note, the bathroom was weird. It over looks i95, I walked in to just wash my hands, but there's no window shade. Very weird and a little never wracking... But not a deal breaker. I'll just use a different bathroom next time!Not sure why everyone likes this place so much.  I ate the Peking duck, green beans with xo sauce, and the steamed dumplings.  Didn't think anything was spectacular.  The service was so so.  Tables were not kept clean.  My beans had a lot of broken clam shells in it, don't think that's supposed to be accompanying the dish!I love Sang Kee for my roast duck fix! Every now and then I crave some good roast duck over rice and this is the place I go. The duck is good. Generous portions and not too fatty. The wontons are great too. The skin is delicate and the fillings to wrapping ratio is perfect. My mom has complained about the fried noodles being a little too greasy here but the flavors are good. And what Asian mom doesn't complain about grease anyway. Definitely get some roast duck over rice or with some wonton noodles! Service is always fast and friendly. We're in and out in under an hour. Complimentary tea and fruit/fortune cookie after your meal.Best Peking duck!!! I always order it with the buns instead of the pancakes and it's always delicious every time.Could have been because I ordered it take out and /or that they were very busy, but my food was not that good. I ordered chicken with mixed vegetables and I asked for garlic sauce instead of brown sauce. The veggies were over cooked and the sauce was a tasteless mass of brown water passing as  gravy. The hot and sour soup was equally tasteless, more heat hot than anything else  I enjoyed the spring rolls which were light crispy and tasty.This place was worst than the Chinese take-out place across the street from me in inner city Baltimore.  Our food was so inedible that I actually boxed up all of it and gave it to some friends in the city.  They are "famous" for their duck but their roast duck tastes like duck I've had at any other restaurant, not sure what the big deal is.  
When we ordered their fried dumplings, they were unlike any others dumplings I've had (in a bad way).  They tasted like deep fried empanadas- the skin was a half moon circle of weird skin and instead of pan frying them, they stuck them in a deep fryer, so it was super oily and gross- we only ate one and left the rest.  The string beans were tossed in this thick sauce that tasted like it was right out of a jar- every bite was covered in salty, thick sauce, nasty.  Their chow fun, or flat noodles, the same thing, mushy noodles in a thick.  Nothing here tastes like it's fresh or made in-house, it tastes like they take the cheap way out and pour everything out of a bottle.
The duck comes with a platter of string beans and sauce so we double ordered, and it didn't taste good either.  Not fresh, over sauced, and inedible.Still fantastic after like 20 years! Everything is good. I had fish ball noodle soup and then more soup with dumplings. Plus special crispy Peking Duck with pancakes etc and 2nd course to go for later!I've been going to Sang Kee for my entire life and I refuse to eat anywhere else in Chinatown. Their roast pork wonton noodle soup is THE best. I don't think in the 25 years I've been eating there I've had anything that wasn't delicious. When I was little and my mom let me choose where I wanted to eat, I always said "Sang Kee"....but she already knew. Seriously, my in-laws even liked this place and that's saying something! I think the reason some people aren't into this place is because they don't serve what many people think of as "Chinese food", meaning their food isn't the same as the takeout place around the corner. You can't even compare Sang Kee's food to takeout places (even though they do do take out!) because it's just sooooo much better!By far the best Peking duck in the city.  This is my favorite restaurant to go to for dinner when visiting Chinatown in Philadelphia. The restaurant is open late and service is always quick. I prefer going during the weekdays, as it can get busy and a bit stuffy during the weekends.
I always begin my meal with the shrimp dumping soup. The dumplings are fresh and taste similar to shrimp shumai, floating in a very flavorful duck broth. If you are a fan of eggplant, the beef and eggplant dish is also delicious.  Other favorites are the salt baked scallop and squid, and of course the Hong Kong style peking duck. The duck is very juicy, with crispy skin. I always ask for extra white rice, to devour all the food with!
If you come to this restaurant as often as I do, ask for their reward card. You get a point for every dollar spent. At 200 points, you get $5 off your next meal. Not too bad for food that is already very cheap!Food (9.0/10) = Bottom line, this place serves fantastic Cantonese fare.  Been here numerous times during many visits to Philly.  The consistent winner for me is the Peking duck served with pancakes, scallions and plum sauce.  The skin is thin and crispy.  Most of the fat under the skin has been nicely rendered off.  The meat is tender and juicy.  Constructing your flour pancake purses filled with duck meat, thinly slices of scallion and plum sauce is rewarding.  You have the option of the half-duck platter ($20) or the whole-duck platter ($30).  You also have the option of adding a second course to this grand duck feast for a few more dollars. (~$2?).  This second course utilizes the remaining duck meat not served with your panckes, tossed in the wok with green beans.  
Other dishes:
1) Pickled chili steamed flounder fillet (Hunan style) = simply wow! The white fish fillets are flaky and delicate.  The flavor profile is amazing.  There's some heat.  There's some sourness.  They tell you upfront it will take 20 minutes to prepare this dish.  The wait is worth it.
2) Crispy soft tofu with pork & shiitake mushroom in brown sauce = Silky tofu.  Lightly flash fried to create the crispy exterior while maintaining the soft delicate interior.  Then placed in a bowl of a thick savory sauce, married with thin strips of pork and shiitake mushrooms.  Of all dishes mentioned in this review, this one is ordered every time.
3) Eggplant with chicken and salted fish = a great change up to those who love the popular eggplant dish with garlic sauce.  I think Sang Kee's chefs prepare this dish well, as the chicken is very tender, and you can taste the salted fish.
4) XO Sauce Fish fillet = the least favorite of the mentioned, but still damn good.  For those of who don't know, XO sauce is sort of like the ultimate sauce created with dried scallops, shallots, dried oysters, etc.  Google "XO sauce" for more details.  The only problem I had with this dish recently was that it was a little too salty.  But it is a minor mistake given the excellence of Sang Kee's other dishes.
As for their BBQ meats you see hanging behind the front window of the restaurant, this stuff is equally good, and you can order the meats by itself, or served as small meal rice plates that cost on average $6-7.  I got two roasted pork + Chinese broccoli on rice platters to go before leaving town recently. 
Ambiance (7.5/10) = Typical Chinese BBQ type restaurant.  Roast pork, duck, chicken and other variety of meats hang behind the front window of the restaurant.  As you make your way inside, table are situated laterally.  
Service (7.5/10) = Lot of people working in this restaurant.  You can easily get a waiter if you need one immediately.  The food is prepared quickly, and comes out hot.  This of course is to be expected with wok cooking.
Overall opinion = Having tried multiple restaurants in Philly's Chinatown, Sang Kee Peking Duck House is the best.  The dishes from the "specials" menu are truly special.  The Peking duck served with pancakes, scallions and plum sauce is definitely a must try if you haven't had it already.  
Of note, this is a cash only place.San Kee Peking Duck has the best roast duck I have ever tasted and I have eaten more than my share on both coasts.  Other dishes are equally tasty and of great value.   One cannot go wrong trying each one.  Seafood is outstanding.   I am glad they decided to open one in the Sheraton hotel next to the U Penn campus and another one in Wynnwood.  You will go again and again once you have eaten there.Clean Chinese restaurant and delicious food! All the workers were nice but the food came out rather slow. 
+ Peking Duck: As mentioned in their name, they're obviously famous for Peking duck. It was really good! Comes with buns, sauce, and green onions on the side. You wrap the duck in the bun, put some green onions, and dip it into the sauce. YUM! We ordered the half portion (which was enough for 3 people with two other dishes). Personally can't eat TOO much of the duck.. I get sick of it after a while. 2-3 buns are enough for me. (The half order comes with 4 buns.. which really isn't enough for the amount of duck that comes out. We ordered 4 more buns to make it 8.)
+ Lo Mein Beef: thin stir fry noodles with beef. Normally not a fan of thin noodles but it was surprisingly really good.
+ House Special Fried Rice (pork & shrimp): Very clean tasting fried rice (unlike most Chinese restaurants). Was also really good. 
+ Pork Dumplings: halfway through our meal (above three dishes for three people), we thought it wouldn't be enough so we ordered pork Dumplings. We wanted the soup Dumpling but they said it would take 25 minutes so the waiter suggested pork Dumplings because it would come out a lot quicker. This was NOT what I was expecting. The dumpling peel was super thick and there was this really salty sauce drizzled all over it. The dumpling itself wasn't BAD, but not something I would get again. ** If you're planning to try this, ask for the sauce on the side!!!!Sang Kee Peking Duck House is always hoppin. There's alway a wait, usually about 15-20 minutes no matter when we happen to show up, but so far it's been worth it. During this interim you can spend your time poring over the menu deciding which dishes to order because there are a-plenty to choose from. After each trip to Sang Kee I spend a minimum of a few days starting conversations with, "Next time we go to Sang Kee Peking House maybe we should try..." I get a bit fixated.
I'm a fan of the noodle soups, specifically the roast duck w/ roast pork variety.
We liked the Peking duck too, but I'm particularly mad for the chicken and eggplant in garlic sauce....oh oh and also the cellophane noodle with shredded pork in XO sauce... I gotta stop talking about this now or I'll put on a raincoat and begin the long walk to Chinatown. 
Anyway, part of the appreciation that I have for Sang Kee Peking Duck house is that now I can stop snootilly bemoaning the deficiency of decent Chinese food in my life after moving away from NYC years ago. I'll  cease my borassing for now... "Sang Kee is here for me," I quack.If you want to go eat out with your friends down in Chinatown, this place would be a decent restaurant to eat in. Service was good, and the appetizers were great! The main courses however, are smaller than the restaurants in Chinatown, however despite that flaw, the noodles here are delicious. 
 I ordered a black bean beef noodle, which cost 8 bucks. It was served in a small plate, but the noodles were stacked high in a hill size. The black peppers gave it a good spice, and the noodles were hot and fresh. Wasn't bad. The appetizers I ordered was the fried wonton. Crunchy and meaty with a good dipping sauce! I would come here again with a group ;]I absolutely love this place. I love peking duck and they do it well. Their tourist hype is well earned. I would get 3 other people and definitely order the peking duck dinner for four. It's so much food. Too much food for four people actually, atleast four normal sized people. The walnut shrimp is sweet, the sweet and sour soup is pretty good (and i don't even like that soup), the duck and bean dish was alright, some type of egg plant was great, and of course the king of the dishes was the peking duck with the flour tortilla/hosin sauce/scallions to make a taco of awesome. 
I've ordered other stuff there and have been happy just about every time. It's cash only though I think.Service was great...food was great...worth the walk from hotel. Recommend the duck as well as the squid dish.Visited on a Tuesday evening and was pleasantly surprised to find the place bustling  and hopping with locals. Ordered the roasted duck wonton noodle soup, schezuan beef with peppers (on special menu), and the roasted duck and pork over rice and greens. The wontons in the soup were my favorite thing of the whole night. Perfectly firm and filled with a tasty mix of pork and shrimp. The rest of the soup was ehh and the broth had a bit of a weird aftertaste. I realized after this meal that I may not be a huge fan of duck, a bit too fatty for my taste however, the schezuan beef was really great with a perfect amount of pop. I would come back but would stick to the more traditional menu items. CASH ONLY.I have been coming to this place for years and have  NEVER been disappointed. I never really venture outside of my typical meal (Peking Duck Dinner for 2 or 4 depending on who I go with). Be aware if you've never been to wear something comfortable. The portions are huge, everything comes out fast and  piping hot (which I Love). The waiters and waitresses are very attentive, replenishing drinks and cleaning the table. In sum, this place is a must try.Have eaten here a few times over the years and most recently got takeout for the first time since moving to the city.
Food was ready pretty quickly (~15 minutes) and all came out piping hot.
Overall, Sang Kee delivered on what I remembered in terms of the quality of their dishes. The roast pork was a touch dry, but really flavorful and a little sweet from the marinade they use. Cinnamon on top of the sticky rice that it came with was a unique touch that helped to round out the dish. The half peking duck we got was pretty good, although again a little overcooked. We tried a pair of their 'big bowl soups' and both were enjoyable. The (surprise) star of our order was the eggplant in garlic sauce, which my girlfriend and I finished before anyone else could get seconds. The eggplant was perfectly cooked through without being mushy, and had none of the bitterness that often accompanies the vegetable. 
Prices were all over the board, as our side of eggplant was about $9, but the roast pork with rice and huge soups were $6 and under.
Wouldn't be my go-to for Chinese food, but can definitely see myself craving their roast pork and eggplant w/garlic sauce enough to come back on occasion. Recommend at least trying it!Maybe my mistake was not ordering one of their signature duck dishes.  The food was good overall but flawed.
The fried wantons were solidly good.  However, the single peking duck roll was small and dry for a $3 starter. Most disappointing, the moo shoo pork filling came out in a puddle of juices that led to soggy, disintegrating pancakes.
I will try Sang Kee again, but I'll be more careful in my selection and not repeat any of the dishes from this visit.  What may delay their do-over is being on the far edge of Chinatown and not taking credit cards.  There's plenty to try that's closer and won't require a detour to the ATM.It's always a lovely day in Chinatown, Philadelphia. With so many places to go  and so many delicious smells wafting out of the doors from the neon lit store fronts, I always love to come the corner door at Sang Kee. Once you get used to the low lighting (which I prefer) and the close seating (which is oblong-never a favorite for me) and street side window seating for some tables (yes please!) you will be served tea (don't add sugar, it has so much flavor) and given a menu that is mind blowing. They are known for the duck and noodles so you will see and smell plates and plates of with succulent dancing fragrant smoke bellowing past. My favorite is the fried rice dices. Incredible and the best I've ever had hands down. It will spoil you for fried rice anywhere else. Last time we went we had a mixed seafood spicy dish and a pepper steak dish. The food is beyond, the staff is a fluid serious of young men that serve interchangeably (a system I don't always love but one that works so well here) and they end your visit with a palate cleansing ice cream scoop. I've yet to have a bad experience here and in fact we can't get to try anywhere else because this is our place. This is the place that won't let us down.