Truly a hidden gem. Fantastic, charming service, nice cozy atmosphere with unique and delicious home cooked food. Lots of vegetarian dishes, but we went in another direction. We started with an Ashak appetizer, an incredible lightly steamed dumpling covered with a meat, yogurt sauce.  Also tried The Bulani appetizer. It was a crunchy fried potato and onion pastry with a yogurt dip. It's a BYOB, so we brought a decent bottle of champagne and saved a lot on the bill. I ordered the Qablee Palaw which was tender marinated lamb with almonds, raisins, carrots, and rice. My wife had the lamb kabob, grilled, smoky and very tender. We finished the meal with afghan style ice cream, and baklava with two strong coffees. Perhaps the best and most affordable meal we've had in town in the last several years.This a cozy little place, hidden downstairs off of 15th street.  It was my first time trying afghan food, and it was delicious!  Very reminiscent of indian food, so i have a definite bias there, but it's an amazing meal for around $6.  If you go with friends, you can order a bunch of dishes and get a variety of veggies along with a plate of rice.  They also offer three different salads (greek, afghan, and i cant remember the third), only one of which i liked (the afghan salad), but it comes along w/ur meal so its not a loss at all.  definitely will be visiting again soon!Ugh.
Next to the 8.5" x 11" piece of paper menu, this place committed my 2nd least favorite Philly Food Establishment No-No: One Waiter to Rule them All.
Food proprietors, I have a questions for you.  It's lunch time, you're located downtown, it's your busiest time.  How many waiters do you staff?  If  you answered "one", please stop.  I know times are tough but waiting 45 minutes for 4 cubes of chicken in combination with some rice is not appropriate, especially at lunch time.  
This one was especially bad.  He wasn't lazy but just awkward.  And he did all the food at one time, seemingly.  
The food was delicious but I barely remember it as I was suffering from "foodsanity" where I was waiting so long that I forgot why I had come there in the first place.Restaurant has a quaint homely feeling.  Good as an intimate setting and the bread was so yummy. Never tried Afghani food before but now I know I like it and want more. Cheap kebobs for Rittenhouse Square area and attentive service. Waiter checked up on us multiple time while still respecting our need for privacy.1. Cultural
2. Filling portions
3. Don't judge by the storefront
Consumed: 
Lamb kabob
Fish kabob
Hole in the wall? Whatever. It's so good! This was my first time trying afghani food and it was a very pleasant experience. I really like the ambiance. The cultural decorations are pretty fun. The artwork is pretty, if you have an appreciation for that kind of stuff. This restaurant is like a mini museum! 
The food was descent. The fish was light and yummy. It was too dry. I used the spicy, tangy sauce to add a little more flavor. The lamb was also pretty decent. It was nicely flavored and the gamey taste was subtle. 
GOOD EXPERIENCE!I was actually disappointed after reading the good reviews here. Had beef kabob and it tasted good but pretty boring. Jasmine rich with a little sauce on top. Service was a bit slow but it was full at lunch time. Price is ok, 7.50 for my beef kebab.Amazing, authentic, super delicious food. I know its authentic because my wife is Afghan and trust me, I know about authentic Afghan food. Try their Awshak or Buloni for appetizer and Qabuli pulao or Mutton kabob for main course and top it up with Firni for dessert. Excellent service, clean atmosphere and friendly hosts.I LOVE this place!!
I always passed by it, but I really did not know anything about Afghan cuisine. Went in one day and I'm glad I did. Food was great. The service was great too. 
We've been back many times and will continue to do so.Absolutely delicious however not 5/5 because of the prices
We got the hummus, lamb kebab, and a veggie side.  Between my fiance and I, we were full and enjoyed the food immensely.  Very good seasoning and a cool atmosphere. 
Like I said, I am not giving 5/5 solely because of the price.  We split an entree with an app and a side and paid greater than $40!  It's quality food but I think for that much money they should be offering a more intimate experience.
Pros: BYOB!
Cons: Prices, staff impersonalThe Samson Kabob house on 13th and South is a surprisingly beautiful restaurant. The space is very tastefully decorated and has very nice lighting, chandeliers, tasteful artwork and high ceilings. 
Samson Kabob is BYOB. We ordered the hummus and this came with Afghan style flat bread that was hot and tasty. I had the Lamb kabob and this dish was a winner. The lamb was tender and juicy with great spices and an awesome grilled flavor. We also had an Afghan Manti dish, which is sort of like small dumplings in a spicy yogurt sauce. This was delicious also. The Kabob was served with rice.
Samson Kabob house had a decent variety of vegetarian dishes on the menu also. Most entrees were in the $16-20 range. I really liked the food, atmosphere and service...and that lamb kabob!
4 solid Yelps.Wandered in here with my boyfriend tonight. It looks a little shady when you walk down into it, and it was definitely a little awkward getting sat, but the food was incredible.
I've had middle eastern food before, but this was genuine with no compromise for American taste/flavors. It just seemed really authentic and genuine to me, and I appreciated that. Foreign cuisine adapts to American culture far too much these days, and it's almost insulting.
Anyways, the lamb was tender and flavorful, the rice was cooked perfectly, and the flavors in the ice cream were unique and interesting.
The ambiance was beautiful and they even turned on a little fountain by the stairs when we were sat. Cute!
Definitely a new favorite.Atmosphere - Pretty intimate BYOB. They even have an area where you can sit on the floor and eat, though it was empty when we were there.
Service - As good as you can ask for. Servers were all kind and patient. 
Food - Good but not great. It didn't blow me away but definitely very good.
Drinks - BYOB
Overall - The food is good but the prices seemed pretty extraordinary to me and I've never been adverse to paying for quality food. $23 for a Lamb Kabob plate that wasn't anything special seemed extreme to me. I think you can get the same thing at most places for less than half the price. 
I might be inclined to try it again since it's about two blocks (maybe less) from where I live but probably not.
Points for: Atmosphere. Service. BYOB.
No points: A bit pricey for what you get.Amazing Afghani food!
We recently popped into this place when we were staying in the area and looking for something different for dinner.  Around 7PM on a Friday, there was a bit of a wait but nothing insane.  They have a front seated area that is more laid back and casual, while the back of the restaurant is more intimate.  We each got something different and enjoyed everything that we were served.  They started us off with bread, which was still hot when it came to our table, and we ended up asking for more later on in our meal.  I had the potatoes over basmati rice.  This was delicious and so very filling.  I had to scoop up whatever I could with the extra bread that we received.  It's also BYOB, which is a nice touch.  Service was fast and friendly, the entire place smells wonderful, and the food is outstanding.  Go here.I love this place for a few reasons: 1. BYOB 2. Inexpensive and 3. the BEST chicken kabobs that I have EVER and yes, I say EVER had (and being from the Middle East, I have had my fair share of meat on a stick).
Dont let the fact that its in a basement stop you. The place is charming, clean and warm.As a former Philadelphia, my visits back to my old stomping grounds always bring me back to this little place. If you can get past the basement dining, this place is a great spot for lunch any day of the week. As a vegetarian, there are some great options. I know people speak highly of the kabobs, which are delicious, but I always get the same thing when I come. Qurma Cachalu is a potato and tomato dish which comes with rice and bread. It's the perfect portion and the bread comes with a spicy dipping sauce. Be aware though, the service is relatively slow. Don't go if you want to be in and out in 25 mins.unfortunately, i have to give this place a negative review.  even armed with the reviews of the "hole-in-the-wall" place with "cheap" "good" food, I still found this restaurant disappointing.  we went on a weeknight with a bottle of wine thinking 'oh yeah, we'll just pop the cork and have a relaxing meal'..  well, the atmosphere really didn't lend itself to bringing wine - maybe beer would have been a better choice.  
the main dining room is 6-10 tables with only one server who did not seem to be very aware that they even had diners to tend.  we found the main dishes quite greasy, and in particular the chalaw glupy (califlower) had a very weak taste (the kadu at least had some spice).  that being said, the hummus appetizer was delicious, especially with the homemade bread.  overall, we were unimpressed with the restaurant and probably won't be returning.I was introduced to this hole-in-the wall by a dear friend who spent time in Afghanistan, and I have no independent basis for comparison to "more authentic" Afghani cuisine.   My friend, however, assured me that the offerings were close to the real deal.
We began with the hummus, which was quite good.   As a veteran hummus eater (my mother fed hummus to me when I was an infant, which was sometime before last week), I will note the the texture was right but that it was not as lemony or garlicky as I prefer.   Few places make dishes that compare favorably with the family versions.   The hummus was served with what-seemed-to-be just baked bread (very fragrant).  
The chicken kebab platter was terrific.   The kebabs were moist and juicy yet perfectly charred.  I adored the salad, which was fresh and crisp with a tangy vinaigrette dressing.  The basmati rice was perfectly cooked, each grain was separate and fluffy.  Our fairly healthful lunch was a good value, too.   Looking forward to many return visits.By far the best Afghan restaurant in Philadelphia. My friends and I went there last night and we all LOVED what we ordered. I had the Sansom Kabob, which was perfection. From the meats, to the grilled tomato and onion, to the rice, each part of the dish was tastier than the last, every bite was full of wonderful flavors, and elegantly presented. I've had a lot of Afghan food at different restaurants and also home cooking with my family, and this is one of the best Afghan restaurants I've been to anywhere. Honestly, it was one of the best dining experiences I've recently had. The service was excellent and the ambience was charming and had a tasteful, traditional flare. The restroom was so impeccably clean: always a reassuring thing to see. I was already planning my next visit before I even finished my plate, and I can't wait to go back!Have gone here many times. The food is delicious! They have a wide range in terms of spiciness. I would highly recommend the kabobs (duh!) and getting a few of the apps to share. Service can be a little slow, so I wouldn't recommend it for a quick bite, but if you've got the time, I would definitely check it out!!Had dinner tonight with a few friends. Everything was delicious. I especially liked the Ashok & burani appetizers. The eggplant app was the best! The salad that came with dinner was really good. Veggies were fresh and the dressing was light & delicious.  We tried several dishes and everyone seemed to like the lamb kabob the best. We had the Chalaw Sabai, Sansom Kabob, Qablee Palaw & Kufta Chalaw. Everything was very good & I look forward to going back to try more dishes. The service was good and the staff was helpful.Stopped in here for dinner while visiting Philly with some friends. Decent prices and tasty kabobs (I had the chicken). Between the kabobs, rice, bread and the potato scallion pancake app we split, everyone left sufficiently full. The place was not really packed when we were there but we were having a later dinner so maybe missed the dinner rush. It was nice to be able to sit and take out time with the meal, and we stayed for a while after chatting away without feeling rushed out the door the second we finished out plates. If I lived in the area I could definitely see this place becoming one of my regular spots.We went for lunch and there was no wait. The service was great and the food was excellent. My wife had the vegetarian pumpkin dish and it was amazing. We started with Bulani which was a great appetizer. I had a chicken dish, that I can't remember the name of, but it was also delicious. Their saffron rice that comes with the food is as good as it gets with rice. I highly recommend trying this place out.Great food!!! We were in Philly for two days and found this place on accident on the first day and just had to come back the next day.  If we would've stayed in Philly longer we would go back every day!!! The lamb was amaizing! I had Afgan food before and this is definately authentic.I ordered the hummus and the vegetarian platter. Both were good, but could use more flavor. Their black tea is excellent and so is the service. I would definitely come back as the food is so fresh and the ambiance is relaxing.Delicious vegetarian food and meat lovers go crazy too. My favorite is the Chawla Kadu. It's sautéed pumpkin over long grain rice. So good. And BYOBThis is a favorite place to eat in Center City.  I enjoy all of the kabobs, but the real gem is the hummus with the Afghan bread.  My wife and I devour it everytime we go.  Is the service a little grumpy?  Yes.  Are they perfect everytime?  No.  Is the decor anything to write home about?  No.  It's not like this is LeBec Fin here, so you have to go in with tempered expectations.  Then you will be pleasantly surprised.  I personally have never had a bad meal here.This hole in the wall blew me away. A subterranean dive, be careful as you descend the steep steps into this Afghani spot. It doesn't look like much when you walk in (fast-food like), but it's dark, comfy, and kitchy in the back. where the small dining room has waterfalls, some Christmas lights, and statues--a bit of decor to enhance what will likely be a tasty experience. We got the fried potato pancake app which was served with delish yogurt sauce. For $2,50, you can't beat it. Then I had chicken kabobs. Sounds uninteresting but they were the most tender and well-seasoned kabobs ever. They came on a large plate of well-seasoned jasmine rice, and were accompanied by a few roasted veggies. It also came with a salad with something like ranch dressing. And they brought crusty bread and a spicy dip of some sort. This was all $11! My friend had the lamb which was the best lamb ever. It's also BYO (but there's a corkage fee) so it's an amazing deal. Can't wait to go back!Outstanding cuisine, efficient service, exotic decor, reasonable prices.  Sansom Kabob offers food like your Afghani grandma would cook--everything fresh and homemade.  Unlike Indian food, Sansom Kabob's offerings are not unctuous, and the spices are subtle.  The eggplant is excellent, and the lentil and split pea soups are miraculous.  Our party of three consisted of meat-eaters and vegetarians.  We were all very happy.I had lunch there. Portions are VERY small. Their kabob is so mediocre. Their rice is not good. This place is definitely not representative of delicious middle eastern cuisine especially  for Kabobs. Sorry Sansom Kabobs you gotta increase your portions and quality.Really good food at reasonable price. The restaurant doesn't look too appealing from the street, as it is below street level, and looks more like a take-out place from the front. However, there is a small, but nice dining room in the back. Food was delicious, and we enjoyed the rich use of spices - a nice change from Persian shish kebab, which we frequently enjoy.I've been here 3 times. Loved it every time. Their food is so delicious. I loved their Qabli Paloa...
The atmosphere is cool too. Although a bit small.
Also the enterance is a little hidden. It's in the basement and sort of easy to miss...I was drawn to this place after seeing the Curb episode with the Palestinian restaurant (PLEASE NOTE I know this place isn't place Palestinian food but the cuisines are pretty similar)  Anyways, this place looks a little obscure since its in a basement but the food was phenomenal.  I got the Sansom Special Kabob which had a little bit of everything (Lamb, Chicken, Beef).  I have to say that out of the 3 the chicken was phenomenal and I will definitely be getting a full plate of chicken next time I'm over there.This byo is cozy and the food is delicious.  The Afghan bread is cooked fresh and is brought to your table quickly.  Afghan bread has different texture and flavor from the typical pita bread you get at other middle eastern restaurants. It is really tasty.  The appetizers are delightful and well-portioned.  As for the kabobs, the chicken and lamb are well-seasoned and cooked perfectly. The rice is fresh and not too dry.  I always have a solid meal here.  Plus, it's byo.    
The seating area is not incredibly large but it is not awfully small either.  I would say it could comfortably seat 40 people.  I liked their old location on Sansom but this place has a newer and nicer interior.  I definitely recommend!Wow.. Can't believe that the reviews are as good as they are.  My one and only visit consisted of some local entertainment of roaches cruising the floor in the open and the owner chasing them with a broom. Apparently the basement tenants have more problems than street level. This ordeal kind of put a damper on my appetite. The food I did get was nothing to write home about but I don't care to watch roaches when I'm eating period!The chicken kebabs are no joke - flavorful, accompanied with grilled/roasted veggies, with the perfect amount of spice, countered by the Afghan salad. The yogurt dressing on the salad is a game-changer, and really elevated the flavors in the dish. The hummus is also very tasty (though not the same as a conventional Israeli hummus) and the thin bread is perfect for dipping. A great place for take out - not exactly a pretty restaurant though.Truly a hidden gem. Charming service, nice cozy atmosphere with unique and delicious home cooked food. Lots of vegetarian dishes, but we went in another direction. We started with an Ashak appetizer, an incredible lightly steamed dumpling covered with a meat, yogurt sauce.  Also tried The Bulani appetizer. It was a crunchy fried potato and onion pastry with a yogurt dip. It's a BYOB, so we brought a decent bottle of champagne and saved a lot on the bill. I ordered the Qablee Palaw which was tender marinated lamb with almonds, raisins, carrots, and rice. My wife had the lamb kabob, grilled, smoky and very tender. We finished the meal with afghan style ice cream, and baklava with  two strong coffees. Perhaps the best and most affordable meal we've had in town in the last several years.This a great find in Philly. Very flavorful meals are hard to find but you'll find it here. Great prices too. Highly recommendedI came here because it recieved some good yelp reviews, and seemed vegeterian friendly. I came for the lunch special and ordered the pumpkin dish and a salad came with it. The salad was soggy and very small, and the pumpkin dish was small as well and was coated in a thick layer of oil. I ended up paying close to $9-10 for a small meal that wasn't really good. Maybe I came on an off day, but I will probably not come back again.Best Afghani food in Philly, probably the most underrated restaurant I've been do.  I've been going here since my college days and I am 5 years out of college now and I still love the food.  The quality of their food is superb, the owners are very friendly.  I've seen their daughter grow up, she was younger when I used to come while in school, she is now old enough to greet and sit the customers!  The ambiance is great as well, you feel right at home as you walk in.  The bread is cooked fresh and the salad is great.  I love their lamb kabob platter, def. recommend it if you are a fan of lamb.  Otherwise their chicken and beef is just as good.If you are looking for something different and casual for dinner, check out this place.  The space itself is very cute and welcoming.  I thought the staff was wonderful.  I got a veggie kabob which was healthy but not very tasty.  My boyfriend got the beef kabob and was absolutely in love.  Its BYOB and we enjoyed a very nice dinner there on a Friday night, I would definitely go back!The food here is AMAZING. Just writing this quick review to update yelp to reflect that the Kabob House is moving to 1300 South St (they closed the Sansom location in Sept)-- their voicemail says they won't be opening until December though. How will I survive in the meantime??The chawla kadu is amazing! The food here is great and you can't beat the prices. Don't let the exterior fool you. It's a very clean,nice restaurant. The service can be a bit slow but it is worth it! Don't forget your wine because it is a BYOB.So after not being here for a while (I'm not really sure why...), I finally had a chance to order the lamb kabobs many reviews were raving about. Let me say, they were completely worth the wait. The lamb was just perfectly done! It was melt in your mouth good with a nice butter finish and the seasoning was just phenomenal.Went with a group of friend on. Friday night. Reservation is recommended. We tried various kabobs and side dishes which were good. The service was little slow but that didn't stop us from enjoying our food. He kabobs were little salty but I didn't mind it as much.A very nice quiet restaurant. The food was fantastic & the staff was very attentive.Before one thing got under my skin, I would say they have wonderful food. My friend and I tried fish kabob and chalaw banjan on July 4th night. Both of them are delicious, though the portion of chalaw banjan was comparatively light. The waitresses were nice as well. HOWEVER, when I paid for the bill, I noticed the suggested gratuities they calculated for you on the bill are "TAX CREEP". Tips should be based on the total cost of food  before tax, but they included 15% to 25% of sales tax in recommended tip amounts. In other words, they calculated tips based on after-tax amount. If you just tip the numbers they calculated for you, you overpay them. I never hesitate to tip more on waitresses if the food and their services are nice, as it's just a matter of a few cents to a few dollars. But I don't like the feeling of being scammed. I have been a waitress before and I majored in accounting when I was in school. Please be mindful when you pay the bill.A human does not need to sell THEMSELF as that is not an act of self respect. As long as the Food is yummy and a suitable atmosphere is offered requiring someone become your "friend" is a demeaning request to make. Social customs vary from place to place and an ethnic restaurant which seeks to be authentic should retain the customs and comfort of the proprietors and the staff.It's back...and the new digs are beautiful! Same warm service, all the old favorites...life is good. Sure to be discovered by locals soon.Best Afghan restaurant in the area!!! Great food, lovely decor, and amazing service.  Highly recommend!this place is a hole in the wall and somewhere you would think would never be good. (from its appearance; it's also in the basement of the same building that houses pulse for god's sake)  but the food is AMAZING, and the portions are a really good size.  definitely coming back here, and hopefully regularly!Picked for a family birthday dinner for multiple 20 somethings. Great choice. Much nicer and classier than expected. Fantastic service. I mean FANTASTIC. We brought in our own carvel ice cream cake and they gracefully served it. They also brought the birthday boy a desert of his choice at no charge. Love that it's a byo. Great location on the corner of South and 13th and street parking was no problem. 
Only 4 stars because the apps were a bit tiny for the price (we ordered one of everything to get started since we were starving and waiting for the whole party to assemble) and the food was salty for me (I don't use any salt) but really it was great and we'd all go back in a heartbeat.  We didn't take any pics of the food but the ones people have already posted are completely representative of our experience.Mmmmm! Good. Having had Kabob's in Azerbaijan last summer I can attest that the Sansom Kabob House does it right! The place is in a basement on Sansom Street, and you have to walk down the stairs into it. That alone should be enough to let you know that you're about to enjoy yourself. Family owned and operated the place cooks Kabobs right, and give you a lot for your money! 
Also, Kebab's are pretty healthy! So next time you're looking for a variation from the daily salad, check it out!I agree with everyone else that this place looks shady from the outside... but in the back, there is a raised area where there are nicer tables and better ambiance! I think this place is truly a gem because it's unlikely a ton of people are going to walk in on a given night, weeknights especially. Ate here on a weeknight. I had the lamb kebabs and a friend had the chicken. Both were great, but I am def partial to the lamb. We had the hummus as an appetizer, and that was delicious as well. I judge places on their hummus... so this place passed with flying colors! Attentive but not overwhelming service.It was alright. Very little rice and overall small plates. Naan tastes good.Sadly we have been walking by for 2 years, each time saying " we need to go! We live a block away!" Finally we did this evening. Shame on us!! Food was fantastic- spices were simply amazing!  Service was perfect- they obviously understand the delicate balance between allowing the diner to enjoy their meal while never waiting to ask for extra xyz. We even ordered dessert which we typically don't order but cardamom pudding (excellent). Go- I don't believe you will be disappointed!
Ps- byob and discount with cash payLet's get this out of the way: This place looks like a total dive from the outside.  The type of place I try to avoid eating food from. However....
They serve up some AMAZING food.  Any amount of apprehension you might have dissolves the second you walk thorough the front door and are a greeted by the smiling, friendly staff and the smell of delicious grilled meats and spices.
I usually order the chicken kabob which is perfectly spiced, charred to perfection and served over a bed of fragrant rice. It is accompanied by a side salad (get the "cucumber salad" if it's available) and a slice of fresh afgan bread that is baked fresh in-house throughout the day.  
A (somewhat) healthy, filling, quick, consistent and satisfying lunch for about 8 bucks.  
If it's cold out, give the Chalaw Kadu (pumpkin stew) a shot.  The perfect thing to warm you up on the coldest of days.  Slightly sweet, slightly savory tender chunks of pumpkin served over rice and topped with a dollop of yogurt sauce. Different and delicious.This place makes me feel like watching the Kite Runner was totally worth my time.  The food was incredible.  Enjoy yourself and be merry... you won't be dissappointed!Came to Philly for the night and decided to explore South St. After walking for a bit we came across this restaurant and decided to try it out. The waitresses were friendly and decided to accept us 5 minutes before closing, and as a result, the service was extremely fast. Besides having a central and navigable location, the restaurant presented a clean and traditional Afghan environment upon walking through the door. I ordered the Qurma Chalaw, a chicken or lamb dish with traditional rice and chutney sauce. The lamb was absolutely delicious and I would highly recommend.So, we saw that this place had good ratings and 1 $ pricey. But it's been a few hours since we've eaten and two of my friends have gotten food poisoning, and one is in the ER right now. I'm sitting in the waiting room, furious. They done fucked up.Tasty, tasty. I love the grilled meats and veggies. I like the Sansom Kebob the best, it's got a mix of lamb, chicken and beef along with onions, peppers, and tomatoes.
This place is a little hole in the wall. You have to walk downstairs to enter it, but once inside you'll see the place is clean and the service is very good. I like the relaxed way the place feels, and the things on the walls, from maps to ethnic clothing, are interesting to look at. So are the Christmas lights...there's always time for a festival.Fair-to-middlin'. This is my new favorite southern expression. It's also how I'd describe by experience at Kabob House. I've dined here a few times over the years, but I'll stick with my latest experience, which was tonight. I shared the lamb kabob and pumpkin stew with my gf. One thing about my gf: she likes her meat juicy. So we made sure to ask the server to cook the kabobs rare to medium-rare. (What did you think I was talking about? Sheesh!) Alas, the kabobs we received were more like medium-well; they still had flavor but definitely lacked the desired juiciness. (It may be they aren't able to cook lamb that rare. But, if so, they should have told us so we could order something else!) The pumpkin stew was fine but a little disappointing. I've enjoyed pumpkin dishes at other Afghani restaurants, but this stew was much sweeter -- to the point that I wasn't able to fully appreciate the pumpkin flavor. Like I said, "fair-to-middlin'."My fiancé and I went to Sansom Kebab House for an early dinner. The restaurant was empty so the service was very good. We ordered the bolani appetizer which was much smaller than expected and slightly bland in taste. We ordered Mantoo and Sansom Kebab - the entrees were delicious and very filling.Visiting from out-of-town and this was recommended by our Airbnb host. We walked into an empty restaurant with a party of six and they said the larger tables were reserved and did not offer to combine two small tables, instead asking us to sit separately at two tables, which we did. 
That was the beginning of terrible service for the rest of out experience. Water glasses were not refilled. They gave us tiny plates to share the main courses. Etc etc. 
The food was only OK. We ordered Sambosa and they were soggy and only a bit above room temp. The rice that came with the Kabobs was delicious but the lamb was overcooked. 
They then added a 20% gratuity automatically to our bill. 
We will not go back and would not recommend this place unless they work on the service experience.Magical pickup wonders. Imagine being jasmine, on a Persian rug, flying through the currently soaking wet disgusting hair bashing low lying weather compartment, and picking up your meal in old city - suddenly hair don't care, wet don't sweat but food is THE MOOD. this place has bangin afghan food, especially for newcomers.Love this place!  One of my favorites so far are the Scallion dumplings, lovely raviolis stuffed lightly with scallions in a delightfully light tomato meat sauce.  It's drizzled with yogurt.  I liked it so much on my second visit I got the entree size, and honestly would have licked my plate if there were no other diners there!  Also of note, the vegetarian entrees - cauliflower and the eggplant.  Their kabobs are nicely cooked and still juicy - not dried out like some other places.
It's a BYOB and most dishes are under $15, so you can order to your hearts content and still go home with some $$ in your pocketI was looking for a place that was nice but not too expensive, and that could accommodate both my vegan and meat-loving friends. This place was the perfect find.
We went on a Thursday night and were seated immediately. This place is basement-level and doesn't look like much from the outside, once you get inside, there is a lovely dining room. Orders were taken quickly, and our food came in less than 15 minutes. The hummus was delicious, as were the kabobs. Our vegan friend has a spinach and rice dish that she really enjoyed, although be warned that the salads come with a yogurt dressing.
Good food, good service, reasonable prices. I'll definitely be coming back!I absolutely ADORE Sansom Kabob House! I've probably eaten in or picked up 20-30 times, and the food's always fantastic. I'll admit that the bread sometimes seems a little past its prime, but I can't not give them five stars.
The kabobs are all delicious, of course, and come on a bed of rice with roasted veggies, the aforementioned bread with a fantastic spicy dipping sauce, and a side salad. (Ask for the cucumber salad if they have it that day! I'd also recommend asking for yogurt sauce on the side, for dipping.)
What sets this place apart, though, are their vegetarian options. The Chalaw Kadu (sauteed pumpkin) and Chalaw Banjan (stewed eggplant) are to die for. The Chalaw Banjan might be my favorite taste in the entire world, and I'm not exaggerating. Plus I LOVE chocolate anything, so that's a huge compliment.
The decor's charmingly tacky, and the restaurant itself is half underground. Their lunch portions are a little smaller (I think), and definitely cheaper.
Enjoy!Ordered the lamb kebab and it was excellent! Others in my party ordered chicken dishes and they were just ok.We have waited a long time for Samson Kabob House to relocate and open at their new location. They opened today and their new location at South street is even better then the last one. Looks like some kinks need to be worked out but I am sure they will get there. Did wait a long time for the food but it was delicious. Looks to be a family business but they sure could use outside help.I went during the lunch hour mid week. Per everyones suggestions I ordered the lamb kabob. At least they did that right, the lamb was good and the rice was good, everything else was a flop. The afghan salad was gross. It was so overdressed there was a pool of dressing in the bottom of the bowl. Having been to afghanistan, I was craving the bread and this was a poor attempt at afghani bread. It was dry and chewy. 
Do yourself a favor and take out. While the restaurant is clean, the seating area is dark and just not inviting. I couldn't wait to leave because it just felt creepy. 
The owner was super nice so I feel bad leaving a mediocre review, but hopefully they read these things and make some improvements.Decent Afghani food.
Good Aushak and various pilafs. 
This is our usual place to eat before orchestra concerts at the Kimmel Center.I wandered into this place one day on my lunch hour, and I really enjoyed it.  Unfortunately, there 's no one at my work that I can get lunch with, so I tend to stick to take-out places for lunch where I don't feel weird eating alone.  However, I braved my lunchtime solo-ness and got myself a little table in this tiny basement restaurant on Sansom Street because I was curious about how the food was.  
The waiter was very nice and attentive, and I ordered a chicken kabob over rice with an eggplant and pita appetizer.  Everything was delicious, and I think the chicken had saffron on it, a very expensive and tasty spice.  I was able to read my book in peace, and I enjoyed listening to the large and boisterous group of people at a table in the back (up a few steps), who seemed to be enjoying themselves on some sort of business lunch.  I really enjoyed my meal, and it was really pretty cheap, so I would definitely go back again, with friends this time so we can be the boisterous group at the back table.if you like middle eastern food like kabobs and rice pilafs this place is great.   Great for vegetarians too, they have a really good spinach dish, eggplants, etc.  good stuff.We missed this place when it closed on Sansom Street and were happy to find it at its new location.  Excellent Afghan food, in a very pleasant environment - which is a definite step up from the "local joint" ambience at the prior location (although that was fine for lunch or very casual early dinner).  The service is very pleasant, attentive.  BYO.  Its a very nice addition to the neighborhoodAmazing food and great service...so glad they re-created from Sansom Street even closer to my house!Ordered some takeout from here today. This was my second visit since I have been in Philadelphia and couldn't remember if I liked it or not the last time I was here. Well that was the answer: so-so. I had a lunch special and was very disappointed with the amount of food provided for an almost $10 kabob dish. There were literally 5 bites of meat, with some rice, a small salad and some bread. The meat and the rice tasted great, but geez, I'm not a bird. 
I also decided to try the "Special yogurt drink" thinking it might be similar to an Indian Lassi. Boy, was I wrong. That thing tasted like salty, sour ass. I could only drink a few sips of it and was completely repulsed. I tried to salvage it by adding 5 (!) packets of Splenda to maybe sweeten it up - didn't work and still tasted foul. I ended up pouring it down the drain. I bet that stuff works better than bleach in clearing it out. 
Also, this restaurant is subterranean and the small dining area has no windows, so it feels like you are in a closet. 
Food Quality/Taste =  3/5 Stars
Portion Size Given Price = 2/5 Stars
Experience with Staff = 3 Stars
Decor = 2 StarsIt was one of the few places still open nearby my hotel when I stopped by for a late dinner.  I had the chicken kebab dinner and enjoyed every last bit.  The chicken was moist and flavorful and the rice was well-seasoned.  The best part of the dining experience was the informative and adorable waitress of all 9 years of age.  Customer service with a smile goes a long way!I had Afghan cuisine for the first time ever and absolutely loved everything I ate. 'Ashak' is a must try item on the menu, 'Qurma Chalaw' is simply delicious with the perfect blend of spices. I finished the meal with 'Firni' and 'Sheeryakh.' I am definitely coming back when I visit Philly again.A little place just a few steps away from Nodding Head and Oyster House, I walked by at least a handful  of times before realizing the entrance, you go down a flight of stairs, pass the little girl doing her homework on the right, the kitchen on the left, then back up a flight of stairs to get seated. There were another flight of stairs going down on the right, and a set of stairs on both sides going up, the left side was roped off, on the right the stairs led to a wall, I can't help but wonder what this building was originally intended, and after so many years came up with the current layout, but I love these old buildings. 
There were a few solo diners like me at the time so I didn't feel uncomfortable, the waitress was pleasant and attentive, she quickly took my order and soon returned with some thin bread and hummus. Soon the cook came up from below with a few trays and buckets, and proceeded to cook my kabob my the grill, he was artfully putting the side dishes on the plates while keeping watch on the kabob, constantly darting back and forth to rotate the kabobs. At last my lamb kabob was in front of me,  the veggie cooked on the skewer were equally delicious, I devoured everything eagerly, and before long I was ordering  desert, I went with sherry akh, which she explained was vanilla ice cream with rose water.  She went down the stairs and got a small empty dish from behind the front counter, came back up the stairs, past my table and went up the stairs to the right, voila, there was a hidden door that led to a small room, she went in and returned a few seconds later with my ice cream, was it homemade or did it come from a box, I couldn't tell, the ice cream was okay, but after watching her effort getting it, I made sure I finished all of it. The food was good, service was nice, and the price was right, this place didn't disappoint.The ground beef kabob was delicious and juicy. We were in a rush and the food came out quickly.All the food is good here and halal, which is a bonus! The ashak appetizer is delicious, the qurma chalaw with lamb has the lamb so tender that it just melts in your mouth, it feels like such comfort food. The lamb kabobs were also very good. All of this came with fresh salad, and afghan bread. The portion size is good, but one dish is definitely enough for one person and probably would not be enough to share. I have family members who are afghan and cook amazing food, so I had high standards, but this place is definitely one I can't wait to come back to!!
The decor and atmosphere in the back is also clean and very well done and shows off the traditional afghan culture. If you like middle eastern food, go try this place out for yourselves!I love this place! The food is excellent, the restaurant is cozy and beautiful, and the staff are lovely.So I had some friends that have been nagging me for a long time to get me here. I wandered out and braved the freezing rain to go a kabob house. The place is sandwiched in the basement of a building on Samson between 15th and 16th and is frankly quite easy to miss if you aren't looking for their sign. The restaurant itself wasn't much to write home about either. The decor was just basic tables with a cloth of a map of Afghanistan with a glass slab on top , along with basic dining room chairs. It actually felt kind of homey, it was nice on a cold rainy night.
So why does this place get 4 stars? The food. The food was absolutely fantastic. My friends I was with were vegetarians so we got mostly veggie food. I got just basic rice and lentils. The lentils were nice and buttery but not too much and seasoned very well. My friend got this cauliflower stew which was great as well. 
My only real complaint was that I felt it was a bit overpriced for the quantity of food. Overall, I really liked the kabob house and I will certainly be going back for their meat kabobs.The foods ok here. We tried the Burani appetizer, the Qablee Palaw and Qurma Chalaw lamb entrees, and the Firni dessert. All were decent enough. The service is fine too. But what was really cool is that somehow they designed this place to look just like my basement when I was growing up like 400 years ago with christmas lights and other knick knacks. Where are the scantily clad women posters though? Oh well...it's so dark at the Kabob House that they would be hard to see anyway.Looks pretty ghetto from outside. But man is this food good. It's byob. The kabobs are delicious, the eggplant dish is amazing, the meatballs are so savory. For dessert they have baklava, it has a unique flavor, still really good. The server is a little bit awkward but a really nice guy. The music is nice, not so loud like many Americanized restaurants prefer, I've never seen it very full, I can always just walk in and get a table.
Don't let the outside dissuade you from coming in!First off, what a charming place this is. I found it intriguing that one descends into this place, as it is below ground. It's nestled in between the many shops and restaurants on Sansom Street. My waitress this evening was a cute little girl of no more than ten, who took her job quite seriously! And to boot, she's a far better waitress than 90% of the other restaurants I've been to. It was amusing how serious she was at ringing up my bill. But on to the food.
I have to say it's nice to have something other than banal Middle-Eastern food prepared with little to no imagination. SKH puts thought into their menu, though by  no means was my experience a cerebral one. I ordered a lamb stew that was cooked in a sauce similar to a curry, though a bit sweeter and it had onions and pepper. It was served with a light salad with a yogurt dressing as a starter. Then came the brown rice and lamb dish with Afghan bread. The lamb was like butter in your mouth and the sauce was fantastic. All the food complemented itself. And they also brew a wonderful tea. My only negative detail was that I found the sauce to be a tad bit salty. As for one who likes to keep an eye on the salt consumption, this was a minor detail. I'll see if this was a fluke or a regular practice next time. If you find yourself in Center City, by all means, visit the Kabob House on Sansom Street.This slop is different and tasty, and the price is right! I'm a sauce guy and I was a big fan of the sauces that came on the appetizer (Ashak - scallion dumps with sauce) and the eggplant vegetarian entree. They aren't quite as rich, creamy, and spicy as Indian gravies, but they're good. The bread is excellent as well, almost as good as Indian naan.
Don't get the special yogurt drink. In fairness, the server warned me, but it smacks of salty jizzum.
Every item is under 10 bucks. Service was friendly.I have few negative things to say about this place. The food is Afghani, simple, and delicious.  I've had several of the kabobs, some of the special lamb dishes, and several appetizers (with pumpkin).  They are unique to my palate, so flavorful and satisfying.  Most dishes come with flatbread, and the main dishes come with a salad or side of your choice.  Most menu items are priced very reasonably, and the service is what it is-- they bring you the food you ask for in a reasonable time frame.  
The space is slightly cramped, and you might leave smelling like roasted meat, but it's worth it. I will definitely be back for lunch.I've only eaten here for dinner. Great food in a seemingly out of the way, hole in the wall type of a restaurant. Enter into a basement lunch-style restaurant, walk past the lunch-order counter and up to a nice little seating area in the back of the restaurant. Very tasty middle-eastern food. It's a BYOB, which is obviously nice. Great food for the price. My wife and I often go here before shows on Broad street. Never too busy, and sort of feels like a IYDKYDG place to ourselves when eating there.Wondering around looking for a quick bite, Yelp suggested we eat here. Well, it was not quick, but the food was really good. The lamb kabob was tasty and we really enjoyed the green sauce for the bread. And, the LevelUp rewards / discount means the nicely priced place is that much more affordable.We just got delivery through GrubHub.  
Very disappointed with the quality and value of food: 
* Salad was watery
* Hummus was bitter and not creamy 
* Meatball entree was a joke with 3 meatballs for $17!!!
* Sambosa was soggy and oily 
* Bulani was okay but at $5, it was expensive for 3 small pieces.  
* Chicken and Lamb kababs had 4 pieces each- $7 for each skewer- very bland and expensive 
* Mantu was okay- a bit salty but the only saving grace for this disastrous meal.
For $80, we can get better meals at so many restaurants in the city! 
NEVER AGAIN!!!I was hoping that after being persuaded by Stephen S. to give Sansom Kabob House another try yesterday that I could boost their rating. But, alas, I will not. Although yesterday the food was substantially more delicious, having gone with the stewed pumpkin dish, rather than the yellow dal, the service was crummy. Crumby? Crummy. One server was friendly but couldn't remember who ordered what. I'd make some excuse like, oh yeah, it's hard to remember. But come on. It's your job. The other server was not so friendly, quiet as a mouse, and also couldn't remember squat. You can read Alex W.'s review for additional details. 
The chalaw kadu (a delicious pumpkin stew topped with yogurt over basmati rice) was delicious. Filling but not garbagey. A unique and delicious dish.
So, while the food is now alright in my book, the service was on the low end of mediocre. I would consider eating the pumpkin again, perhaps for take out, but with Su Xing House on the same block it's got some tough competition.Chicken kabob is the best in Philly!  Their bread is out of this world!  Friendly staff that knows what their doing...  Thank you for your awesome food!Best dinner!! We didn't know what to expect but wanted to do a BYO and something other than pizza so this was great. Portions were huge and delicious.Delicious! I ordered the chicken, beef, and lamb kabobs. Everything was spiced perfectly, my husband wanted to order more! The meat portions are a bit small, but you can always order an extra a la carte skewer after you've ordered a meal for half the price. The lentil soup has some pasta in it, I had never tries that before and it was amazing. Going back! Don't let the stairs deter you if you have a stroller, one of the workers came up and helped me down and then back up after I was done. Really nice people! Going back soon.For the food specifically, in light of others of its ilk, fantastic.  Their chutney (sp; difference for Persian/Afghani here) is the very best I've ever had, super tangy and a bit hot.  Strange as it's standard fare and not a main entree.  So be it.  Had the beef kebob and it was solid, very dependable and very generous in portion.  Afghani salad was not my bag, but my date assured me it was good despite the difference in palate.
The neighborhood is densely urban, so parking can be harrowing, but this is not a reflection on the eatery so much as the poor urban planning of Philly.  Ambiance is clearly Middle Eastern as Hell, tasteful, not over-the-top.  Price was better than anticipated in light of the inflated finances of Philly, too.  
Staff was prompt, friendly, and very accountable.amazing. I got the vegetarian eggplant entree and my boyfriend got the lamb. I would eat this eggplant every night if I could. Very affordable and all entrees come with a delicious salad. Service is a little slow and bland but I don't mind slow service when it is BYOB!Updating my review based on the recent visit to this establishment. The food is still good but has become a costly affair. 20$+ for lamb kabob which is enough for one person for lunch is not something one will call for. Apart from that no issues with service or quality of food. Veggie options are also priced almost 17$ which I feel is on higher side cost wiseGot the Qabli pulaw. It is pretty good!!First time at the new location on South St, but worth the extra half-mile hike. I agree that this place can be slow and no one's gonna accuse the wait staff of being too attentive, but they serve a good meal. I recommend the Sansom kabob, sort of a mixed grill of grilled lamb, grilled chicken, and the star of the show: the Chablee kabob (ground beef mixed with onions, garlic and spices formed into a long kabob -- delicious!) -- comes with grilled onion and tomato which are very good compliments, as well as brown rice with a nice topping that's sorta like a thick hummus (plus afghan bread and a little salad). 
Went on a Wednesday evening and there was barely anyone in there, so I got my food quickly. My sambosa appetizer (not quite as good as an Indian samosa, but still good) arrived in just a few minutes. 
I always leave sated and happy and feeling like I had a refreshing and balanced meal -- it's not cheap (Sansom kabob is $18 for dinner), but well worth it!This place is amazing!  I've eaten here throughout the years when I'm in philly and even after moving locations I was pleased to see that the quality of the food is as great as ever. 
I always get the Sansom Kebob which is my go to dish.  Definitely check it out if your in the area.We stopped in to try some Afghan food on a whim. The restaurant drew us in due to the beautiful flower display outside and the promise of a new delight for our taste buds. Sweetheart ordered the bean soup, and we shared a chicken kabob dinner. The meal was okay, but quite bland.  The kabob dinner was served with a salad topped with yogurt dressing and a side of aromatic rice. Nothing that I could not prepare better myself. Is this REAL Afghan food?  I am not likely to travel there, and definitely not for the food!Not wanting Japanese, Italian, Mexican, good old Yelp lead us to this Afghani restaurant. The layout is a little strange - the front is more for take out but up the stairs in the back, is a small, cozy restaurant. 
Sansom is obviously a very popular eatery for the locals and after a few bites of our meals, we could tell why! The Afghani bread was so addictive, we asked for another basket and they had no problem accommodating us fatties. The menu is very vegetarian friendly, which was fortunate for my girlfriends. Being the carnivore, I couldn't help myself go with a lamb curry-like dish. The lamb melted in my mouth, it was very aromatic and I nearly died of a food coma at the end.
You will leave this place feeling very full and happy. Do your belly a favor and eat here!I have to admit, I was a bit skeptical trying this place. I don't live too far from the restaurant and noticed it was always empty. However, my partner had been really wanting to try it - so we went. I must admit, I was wrong! This place was delicious! The service was fast, our waitress was polite and the food was amazing. I went on a Wednesday night, and there was only one other table there. Check this place out if you are looking for something different.One of the most authentic south Asian food in center city.. Love their Ashak Bulani and Sansom kabob.3.5 stars! MMM Great hummus. Kabobs are tasty. Chicken is tender. I love the pumpkin spiced entree. the rice is great too. Good service. It's not hip and fancy inside, but you come for the food! So much flavor!We drove an hour. We went inside to ask if there are any ramp since we had a wheelchair with us. She said we are booked instead of helping or providing assistances. I would of understood if the restaurant was full. It was empty. She didn't even bother to help or say it nicely. I've never been so disrespected. I'm disgusted.such a quaint little place. their bread is to die for. their meat portions are smaller than most places but definitely delicious. and their baklava is way over priced for the little piece they give you. our waiter was very nice and helpful in picking our meals. i enjoyed this place because it was not super crowded, due to the fact it is perfectly hidden under the sushi place.The service was good and the kebabs were nice. I did like the atmosphere because it was a bit exotic. Off the beaten path for some good food. Salad was nice too.I've eaten here a few times this year. It has become my favorite restaurant. The food is heavenly...always fresh and perfectly seasoned. The environment is authentic, warm and comfortable. And they play authentic middle eastern music which adds to the experience.i loved this place!  when i used to live in philly i came here all the time.  it's a little hard to find and isn't much for ambiance but the food is great.  whenever i go to visit, i make sure to visit and eat thereI went to the Sansom Kabob House on Saturday night before going out for drinks at Nodding Head. (next door)  The place doesn't look like much from the outside but that's the kind of places where you get great and inexpensive food.  The inside is fairly simple but inviting and comfortable. 
I got the lamb kabob and my girlfriend got the Sansom kabob, both were very good.  The meat was properly marinated and cooked.  You can see the skewered meats cooking when you walk into the place.  The rice and salad were also quite good.  
The only bad thing I could say about this place is that the service was bit slow but they only had 2 people working the whole place. (including the cook, waiter, etc)
Food = 4.5
Service = 3.5
Decor = 4
I wanted to comment at some other reviews for this place.  In no way does this place deserve a 1 star.  If it's busy and there's only 1 waiter working, relax and give them a damn break.  It's obviously a small probably family owned operation.
For those who thought the food was worth 1 or 2 stars... I'm not sure what you all tasted.  My food was fresh and well prepared.  As yes there are kabobs that are made out of ground meat...it's not f%cking hamburger meat.  If you confusing well seasoned lamb/beef ground meat kabobs with hamburger meat you should probably just go eat at McDonald's.The two stars are for the ambiance and the fact that my dinner guest's meal was good (I tasted some of her rice, it was really well seasoned). However, I ordered the Bamia (tomatoes and okra) and it was really bland (both the rice and the sauce). I politely asked the waitress for hot sauce and she seemed reluctant to give it to me and then asked if I thought it was bland. I tried to politely tell her it was and she seemed shocked and said no one had ever said that about the dish. When she came back with the hot sauce she said that the chef was fasting for Ramadan and perhaps that was the reason (I assume this means he isn't tasting the food). The hot sauce did what hot sauce does and I ate the meal. 
I would have given three stars if the service was better but it wasn't great (think kids working for their parents). 
I'm disappointed because this is close and the ambiance is great but this will probably be a pass in the future.Looks like they either moved or closed down. We drove 18 miles wanting to try this place and saw a paper on the window saying they moved on October 3rd, however location of their new place (where they moved) was not posted :-/ disappointed that this info was not posted on their website, which I checked before we decided to drive there. Unfortunately no other decent alternative choice around hereMy friends and I wandered into Samson Kabob House not knowing what to expect. Wow! Am I glad we did. The restaurant is beautiful, the service excellent and the food was out of this world. We had several vegetarian dishes and found them to be outstanding. I highly recommend the following appetizers: kadu (pumpkin), burani (eggplant) and ashak (dumplings). There were leftovers and I enjoyed them the next day just as much. This is my new favorite restaurant in the area.I really liked the atmosphere and design of the restaurant. Beautiful paintings on the wall and cute small area reminding of special areas traditions.
I ordered Qablee Palaw. It came with hot bread, house fresh salad and a vegetable dressing.
I really liked the food, although I expexted a larger portion. It tasted so good and it was my first time eating at an Afghan restaurant.
I did not like the service that much. Although, I recommend checking in this place because of its variety of food, kabobs and pelows and the beautiful design of this restaurant. Give it a shot!!We grabbed food from Sansom Kabob House twice during our short visit in Philly.  After eating at some overhyped & overpriced places in the city, we wanted something reasonable yet satisfying.  We love Afghan food (there are some great ones in Fremont, CA), so we had to give this place a shot.  I ordered the Sansom kabob & my husband the chablee, and we had no complaints whatsoever.  The food was delicious (though not as perfect as what we've had at our favorite kabob place).  We went back for another meal on a different day & had the qablee palaw and kabobs (again)... it's a kabob house so one must definitely have these tender, tasty morsels of meat!  There was only one server when we had dinner there and a party of 10 or so was dining as well... so service was very slow.  We didn't mind, though.  We were on vacation & weren't in a rush.We had lunch here on a Saturday - the food was delicious! I had three vegetarian sides - pumpkin, Dahl and cauliflower - with rice. Superb, especially the Dahl. My friend had the chicken kebab and a dumpling dish and said both were excellent.3.5 - 4 stars - never actually ate in the restaurant but I get takeout here all the time. 
I tried almost all the Kabob meals and they range from good to very good In my opinion. You get your choice of kabob (or combo of kabob's), Afghan rice, salad and Afghan bread (very thick pita). Warning - the Chutney sauce is very spicy so be careful. 
My preference is the chicken or beef but the lamb is also good. The beef option is marinated / spiced ground beef and definately a highlight on the menu. The kabobs are always cooked perfectly and never dried out. If you want a lighter meal, get the kabob salad and skip the rice. 
I'm certainly not a rice connoisseur but Afghan rice has a different texture, a larger grain and most importantly delicious. I love this rice. 
Kabob main courses are in the $20 range and portion size is above average.
Recommended
BKThis place looked like a tattoo parlor. It had neon lights on the windows and looked really dark and dingy. I almost walked away if it were not for good Yelp reviews. Instead I walked down the steps into a dark space to find no one there but me. 
Reluctantly, I ordered a chicken kabob dish to-go. I was only in Philly for an interview and it was getting dark so I wanted to get back to my hotel ASAP. The food was ready in about 10 mins. It smelled fantastic. It tasted fantastic. I loved the grilled taste of the chicken and subtle hints of mediterranean spices. The plate also came with rice, salad and some pita. It turned out to be such a satisfying meal that I'm glad it's scary exterior didn't scare me away.Good food but service was incredibly slow. There were only two waitresses for the entire place (about 8-10 tables??). Saw them doing everything from taking orders to bringing out food to bringing glasses to bussing the tables after patrons leave. Can't speak to whether it's inefficiency or they need more staff. Byob. Come if you don't mind the pace, else keep eyeing the staff and maybe they will bring urgencyThe best afghani restaurant in Philly with afghani style and they have perfect foods & services and the staff is super friendly.Came here a few weeks ago on a Friday night, and the service was pretty awful. They confused our reservations for the night before, and then told us they could only seat us in the elevated section of the restaurant. When we got there, they sat us at an empty table instead, and we waited about 20 minutes for a server to come by. 
We were in a rush so we quickly ordered and awaited our food. It took quite some time. The dishes were flavorful, but very similar in appearance and taste. Fortunately, this place is BYO so our time waiting was time well spent drinking. Not sure if I would come back - I miss their more casual location on Sansom Street.Went here for lunch and for dinner, and I think it's a winner.
Ok, bad rhyme aside, the first thing that jumped out, even as they were working on getting this place ready for business, was how much effort they put into decorating. It really looks nice. The waitstaff was very friendly and went out of their way to serve us.
As far as food, the lunch menu is a bit different from the dinner menu. I went with one of the kebab plates, all of which are listed at around $10. It came with 4 pieces of meat, of varying sizes, along with Afghan rice, and was pretty good. Lunch reminded me a little of Sahara Grill, which is my go-to Middle Eastern restaurant. The dinner menu is more varied and elaborate... and more expensive. I got the Qablee Palaw (also on lunch menu for a bit cheaper, and not much smaller, if at all), which consists of cubes of meat, usually lamb, along with shaved carrots and raisins, on a bed of Afghan rice. I've had this dish at a couple other Afghan restaurants, one in Philly and another elsewhere, and I must say this was the best of the three. Not too oily, and the ingredients tasted fresh (the opposite was my complaint about the other two places I tried). Both meals were accompanied by a small salad and a basket of bread. For dinner we also ordered the kidney beans with Afghan rice, and an eggplant based appetizer. The small samples I tried of both were very good.
The food didn't necessarily come out fast either time, but was certainly within the realm of what I would consider acceptable. Subsequent visits have varied as far as speed of service. It seems like they tend to forget about you if it's a slow day. This place is definitely worth trying, as long as you aren't in a hurry. I wish them well, and hope they stick around at that corner.The food here is great! I tried the Chicken Kabob lunch special, which came with rice, a salad and flat bread. Everything was flavorful and very tasty, and I even got some hot sauce on the side which had a crazy crazy kick,
It was delicious! I will definitely be back to try the lamb.I thoroughly enjoyed my vegetarian Chalaw Sabzi dish ($9.99), which came with flat bread and a salad with yogurt dressing. This place is a hidden gem and is much cheaper than Kabul Afghan Cuisine (2nd and Chestnut St.). My girlfriend had the Ashtu (sp?) and said she liked the Kabul's better. She also ordered the yogurt drink and found it more bitter than she expected. However, her experience did not deduct too much from my review. We both agreed that Kabul had a slight edge in taste quality but the Sansom Kebob's pricing makes the place a strong competitor for my business. On a Tuesday night, the place was empty. The waiter was nice. All I know is that I'm coming back to this place.I just came home from a wonderful dining experience at Sansom Kabob.  The food was so delicious. The flavors were artful.  I am definitely going back to try the lamb kabobs. The Baklava is heavenly and their coffee is a wonderful closer to a great meal. Our server was so sweet and pleasant. Excellent dining experience.My girlfriend and I saw all of the good reviews and decided to give it a try and got two beef kabobs.  We get kabobs all of the time from other restaurants and are not very picky.  Needless to say these were the worst kabobs we have ever eaten.  They were nearly inedible.  They looked and tasted like overcooked hamburgers cut up in small pieces.  We will never be eating here again.Thank you, YELP!  I was extremely hungry and this is exactly what I was looking for.  I had the lamb kabob and it was really tender and juicy.  The kabob portion isn't really big, but it comes with vegetables and rice.  The combination of everything smells and tastes warm and delicious.  I came on a poopy rainy day, and this food made the day suck way less.  
The music is pretty cool too.  The food was prepared really quickly - you can be in and out well under an hour during lunchtime.  They take credit cards.  Yes, even Discover!The service is very good! and the lamb is just right! I think it is fairly new, the decoration is very nice -- traditional,  modern and clean.Best place to dine afghani or Bar BQ. Must try . I loved it. Must try their ( green spices).Sansom Kabob House has picked right up where it left off in its move to its new digs on South Street. The food is still very tasty and nicely presented. However now the food is served in beautiful surroundings. This is the best-looking Afghan restaurant in Philly. Oh yes, it is still as friendly as ever too!
Among the dishes enjoyed here was the bulani.  These paper-thin pockets with potato and onions are on the addictive side of the food index.  The tasty ashak (scallion dumpling) is right behind them ... and it also provides a dip for the fresh Afghan bread served here.  For a main course, I went with the eponymous Sansom kabob platter and wasn't at all disappointed...especially as the brown rice was cooked so perfectly. 
Tip - Don't forget to ask for their homemade Chatni hot sauce! 
Welcome Sansom Kabob House to South Street!yeah, this spot is legit. Go there and feed your kabob cravin' the staff is friendly and nice. Its not a quick in-out place. Give yourself 30-45min if you wanna sit down..I was so happy to become reunited with the Sansom Kabob House.  Today, I realized that they had relocated to South St., so my good friend and I decided to go find them this afternoon.  We were not disappointed in the least.  The sauteed pumpkin dish(w/ yogurt) and my lamb dish(w/ carrots, almonds, and raisins) was simply divine, well-prepared.  The staff continues to be quite approachable and inviting.  I was so happy for the welcoming atmosphere, that I spoke to one of the owners about my impeccable experience at their establishment in the past.  This impressive occurrence will keep me coming back in the future. This Afghani restaurant is worth your time and money.  Seek this establishment out, for you deserve to experience its magnificent cuisine personally.Don't be thrown off by the basement level and "rustic" ambiance because this place rules. Freshly cooked kabobs (I've only tried the chicken platter which is a home run) served with a fresh salad and rice. The hot sauce adds for that nice extra kick. Go here now.I went in with mixed expectations looking out for all the things that previous reviewers had mentioned.
The place was small, but it was just two of us and we happened to go slightly early for dinner so we got a table near the kitchen. (It appeared that the back had all been reserved)
Service was just fine. I'm not a big fan of extra chattiness and we got just the right amount of attention..nothing more and nothing less.
The food portions appeared to be a bit small so I was slightly disappointed...but the dishes we ordered the chicken kabob, chawla kadu and burani were delightful. The chicken was tender, the slow cooked eggplant (burani) was delicious and the chawla kadu had the enhanced flavor of the sweet pumpkin. 
Overall a satisfactory experience...but it is not a $ sign place. I would say $$.Great Food, Unpredictable Service.
This is about the 8 th time at this restaurant. We ordered the fish kabob which is salmon and delicious. It took one hour to receive the meal. The waitress abandoned us and never returned. We had to go looking for her. My water glass remained empty. When we complained to the hostess, she shrugged and implied that that's life. Most good restaurants would have apologized profusely and possibly offered a gift of some kind....VERY DISAPPOINTED, especially because they recognized us as they usually do as regular customers.Serving time was awefully long and food too expensive for portion! Wouldn't recommendThis is one of my favourite restaurants in the city.  Family owned and home-style afghani food.  To me, it is DELICIOUS!  And it's a BYO.  While they were moving and creating their new space, I had major withdrawal.  I miss them being in Center City (15th/Sansom St), but I still try to go as often as possible.
The food isn't spicy (indian spicy), but it's flavourful!  My fave is the chicken qurma or the fish kabobs.  I love the minty yogurt dressing on the salads.  I love the firni, it reminds me of a similar indian dessert.The food was delicious and service was quick and prompt.... opted for the chicken kebab which was priced decently at $18 and came with salad and bread... the wait staff was attentive and the bathroom was nicely decoratedVery good food. In appetizer, recommend bulana. In main course, I tried kabobs which were nice, also tried palaw which was amazing !
For vegetarian, you can go for banjan.Ate at the Kabob House last night. The decor was great, the food was excellent (and healthy), and the service was very attentive. I predict great things for this restaurant in its new location. Congratulations and keep the good times coming!By far the best and most authentic Afghan food I have ever had and prices were reasonable. Great job on the decor.Definitely overpriced for the experience you get. The kabob salad was good, but $8 for hummus and two pieces of bread (they charge you for additional pieces) was ridiculous. Not to mention the service was slow and atmosphere a bit dullGood food, respectful people. Just littlr expensive for the portion. We got Sansom kabob, lamb kabob and qabli palow. All were good.  The rice is flavourful but not good enough, so got extra rice.I work down the street so my boyfriend and I decided to stop in after I got done work one night. It was great! The food was delicious (we got qablee palaw and quarma chalaw), drinks were great (special yogurt drink, afghan tea, and coffee) , and dessert (firni) was incredible! The decor is lovely as well and the staff couldn't be sweeter. Would definitely recommend this place and will be coming back again.This is probably the first and only restaurant I have been to in the middle of a big cosmopolitan city where I had to take my shoes off to enter the seating area. And I loved it!
You feel very much at home as you sit on the low Afghani/Arab style sofas which you can almost lie down on given how spacious the seating area is. Though I must admit we were the lucky ones! I went to this place with two newly acquired friends local to Philadelphia - and we really got royal treatment. 
One of the two friends was clearly a regular and ordered the best dishes on offer and we were served promptly after. The dishes were not the ridiculous sized portions one associated when in the US - they were fair and cooked well. The lentil with the rice was my favourite that day.
But the lounging and the beautiful Afghani music made the food taste all the better and it was an awesome night - one I won't forget anytime soon. If my friends in Philadelphia ever come to read this - thanks for an awesome dining experience - and dari is a beautiful language.Loved this place! It's BYO, and the decor inside is beautiful. The food is excellent. I had the chicken kabob meal and loved it. We'll definitely be back.Chablee Kabob with Afghan salad is perfect. Try it with basmati rice. This little gem is family owned. The food is so good you will want to marry into the family to eat like this every day. I plan to take out-of-town guests soon who require halal. The restaurant used to be on Sansom Street, and the new location is so clean you could eat in the restroom.The location and ambiance of this restaurant really complimented my family's dining experience. The sambosa and hummus were delicious, and we enjoyed the chicken kabob and chapli kabob. The chicken was cooked to perfection, and the portions were just right! Would not recommend sharing one main dish between two people.Very satisfying food in a comfortable atmosphere served by an accommodating staff.  The flavors are wonderful.  Highly recommended.It is an Afghani restaurant located near down town Philadelphia, the atmosphere is good, the food is delicious, but the fact that you have to pay gratuity despite the fact that the service was terrible this is not accepted at all for me . They added more than 20 $ on the invoice as a gratuity without even taking my permission. It is really something annoying. As a customer I will never go back again to this restaurant unless they change there gratuity policy . Simply cheating the customer is not acceptable to anyone.Tried this place out and the combo platter is great! The beef kabobs were my personal favorite. Come hungry cause the serving size is awesome and you don't wanna leave any behind.My first time with Afghani food, though the dishes we tried seemed very familiar.  Prices were a bit on the higher side, but this isn't a doner kebab takeaway!
You will need a group of six people at least to reserve the spot where you can all sit around a low table with your shoes off. Good to know in the future!  We were miffed to know we were short one person to get it and we almost considered dragging someone off South Street to join us - hahaaha.
The ambiance was lovely - our table of five could easily chat and hear each other. It's definitely a white table, candle light and clinking glasses kinda place. We shared a number of different dishes, none of which I care to attempt to spell out, but everything was delicious.  I loved my Afghani meatballs, my sister loved  her kebab (not the most appetizing looking thing, but it was spiced well), and the four different appetizers we tried out were all gone quickly (they were on the smaller side, so we could each only have a bite or so each).Samson Kabob House is one of my favorite neighborhood BYOBs - service is fairly fast and friendly, the food is flavorful (but not too salty), and the prices are reasonable for Center City.
Favorite items include the steamed dumplings, the hummus, and basically all the kebabs. The dumplings are served in a savory, slightly tangy sauce (that tastes great with the homemade flatbread. 
For entrees, I usually get the fish kebabs (tender, spiced salmon skewers), and if I'm really hungry, I'll get the Samson kebab platter, which comes with chicken, ground spiced beef, and chunks of lamb. There's something addicting about the food - once you start eating it, it's difficult to stop! On the side, the rice is super fluffy, and the lentils are delicious.
Service is friendly and usually pretty fast (though they do get a bit overwhelmed when large parties come in), and the restaurant decor is fun. My coworkers like to come for group lunches, and I love having quiet weekend dinners here!I typically do not leave one star reviews.  However this place is a big "avoid" for one reason and one reason only--the place includes a healthy 20% tip on all orders, and this is NOT stated anywhere on the adverts, awning, or the menu.
Please do not misunderstand, I tip and I tip well.  I have left tips that were more than the bill when warranted, but I have also refused to leave a customary tip when the server obviously failed to do their job (and it wasn't due to circumstances beyond their control).  What I hate is when I am compelled to leave an amount without advance notice;  either raise the prices and remove the tipping option, or inform the diners that there is a tip obligation on the menu.  By placing the tip on the receipt the management passes on their costs to me by taking away my ability to evaluate the service fairly.  
If this issue does not phase you, the atmosphere is warm and clean and the food is decent but not memorable or otherwise spectacular.The food at Sansom Kabob House is great, but the service is lacking. Tonight, I came for a friend's birthday party and, even though she had requested the booth for the 12 of us (they had told her they would reserve it for her), we were seated at 2 tables of 6 while a party of 4 was in the booth. We sat at the 2 tables while we were waiting for the booth to open up, and a homeless man came into the restaurant and repeatedly asked us for money. The staff members were not paying attention and did not ask the man to leave. He eventually left and eventually we were able to move to the booth. 
Everyone enjoyed the food we were served. At the end of the evening, we were surprised to see a $10 charge for "one person no show". We were not told this was a policy when the 11 of us were seated or even when we switched tables. When we asked the waitress about the charge, she said "I mean, come on. Not even most of you ordered entrees." We were also unaware at the time of reservation, seating, or ordering that a charge would be applied if we didn't all order entrees.
I, personally, don't see the point in ordering an entree when the portion sizes are the same as the appetizers only with some rice, a small bowl of salad, and bread (for $10 or more added).
One good note: they did bring a complimentary dessert for the birthday girl.
Overall, this was an unpleasant experience even though a few of us had individually been to this restaurant in the past and loved it. As someone who works in the food industry, I think they could improve their service by communicating policies to customers at any point before or during the meal and being pleasant to large groups of customers.Love, love, LOVE!  Stopped for dinner without a reservation on a Saturday night.  Based on some of these reviews, we were prepared for meh service.  Not the case at all--seats were available by the window, our order was taken quickly, food was served promptly, water glasses refilled many times, waitstaff was pleasant--all great.
We had the samosas and pumpkin for appetizers and both were phenomenal. Also had Qablee Pilaw and ashak for entrees. Thought it was going to be too much food, but we polished it all off.  Really great food.  I had high hopes since my favorite Afghan restaurant in NJ closed years ago, and Sansom Kebob House hit the mark. I just wish it was closer to home because it would be in my regular rotation if it were!Came in on a rainy night, the night before Christmas Eve. The waitress was sweet and attentive. The ashak  appetizer was so good and warming.
I had the lamb under balmain rice with raisin, carrots and almonds, F had the beef kabobs...both delicious!Love this place, most delicious rice on the planet, lovely yummy platters and great atmosphere for affordable price.  Hoping to be able to order delivery from them online.