This is usually our go to spot for pizza in the neighborhood but tonight we were disappointed with the pizza. The crust was bland and cardboard like and everything else a bit soggy. What happened Santucci's?!My boyfriend and I went to grab some of Santucci's famous square pizza (which we love) around 3:45 yesterday. We ordered 2 appetizers and 2 personal pizzas. An hour after we had finished our apps our pizzas still had not arrived. We brought it to the attention of the bartender who apologized and told us the kitchen never got our order and that they would be ready in 5 minutes. At the end of our meal my boyfriend asked if we would be getting a discount for the inconvenience of us having to wait so long for our food. She said she would ask her manager but didn't find it likely since that he would give us any discount. So my boyfriend said "well if he says no, just send him over and I'll talk to him." A few minutes later a bald, white man with glasses in his mid to late 40's strolled over. He stood far away from us and was looking down at the bar the whole time we were speaking to him. He approached us saying "so, what happened?" in a very dismissive tone. We explained the whole situation to him and he shrugged his shoulders and said "It was a computer issue." (Which should have caught someone's attention much earlier especially considering there were only 3 other patrons in the entire restaurant.) The fact that he was not looking at us was so disrespectful that I said "hey, we're up here." And he then said "I know" and continued to look down. He then told us that we did not deserve a discount because he claimed that we were "smoking dope" in front of the restaurant. We DID smoke cigarettes in front of the restaurant, but we did not smoke any illegal drugs, and how many cigarettes we had should have been another indication of how long our food was taking. I've been working in the service industry since 1999. I am currently employed as a server,  where I've been for the last 5 years. I have never been treated so disrespectfully, over a simple service issue in my life. This man did not introduce himself, he did not apologize. He made it seem like WE did something wrong when we simply just wanted our service issue rectified. I NEVER write yelp reviews because I don't like to complain but this treatment was off the charts. I tried contacting the establishment directly but there is no way to email them from their site. I would have called to complain but like I mentioned, the manager never even introduced himself. So here it is. The management is TERRIBLE. Do yourself a favor and order a square pizza to go.We were utterly disappointed with Santucci's. We moved to N. Broad recently and decided to give it a try. We ordered a margherita pizza and a pizza with mushrooms and sausage. The pizza tasted like the frozen pizza I had as a child, perhaps a bit worse. Tasteless, dense - quality of a lunchable. They won't be getting our business again.I actually like/love this pizza, ditto for my family.  Today picking up my pizza made me question some things.....anyone that actually thinks about business and profits knows that pizza is almost 100% profit,  it's dough, literally. But now you go and raise your price by at least $1 for a plain pie and I have to think if it's not to cover the costs of you opening your Roxborough site because you have made no upgrades to the Broad St location.  There is no auto soap dispenser, towel dispenser in the ladies bathroom. Toilet seat covers non existent.  Hand air dryer from the 90's and these are disgusting anyway.  Any upgrade here to justify the upcharge would be greatly appreciated.  Tip jar on counter reminds me of the attitude you would get from Tacconellis servers when you picked up.  Listen, we love your pizza but we're not going to be taken advantage of by a booming neighborhood business.  #shameonyouThe pizza isn't bad. The delivery experience is. Two separate occasions - one time the food came 2 hours after we ordered it and half the order was missing. The other time, it took 1.5 hours, pizza came cold. We learned a lesson tonight, no more Santucci's.Santucci's is located right near my house so it's always in the back of my mind if there is somewhere I should go for dinner. I went to a few nights ago and it was nothing too special. I got a chicken parmesan sandwich on a roll. The roll was dry, and not much chicken but the prices seem reasonable for the restaurant. I've heard that their square pizza to worth a try. Service was consistent but the place was empty. Also, the restaurant is cash only. Overall, it's a nice local restaurant but nothing special.Skip this place. Not the Santucci's I remember growing up. Ordered food for delivery. Pizza was soggy and bland and fries were a blob of grease. Like seriously a blob of potatoes, salt and oil. Just moved into the neighborhood and had high hopes.3 stars only bc why is draft wine 10.00?!? No thank you !
Obviously the pizza , wings and fries are good ... but prices for drinks are way over priced .Santucci's pizza is legitimately one of the tastiest and most authentic Italian pizza experiences that Philadelphia has to offer. I just ordered a large Vegeterian Works pizza, which was reasonably priced and delivered still hot. All in all it took about 50 minutes from the time that I ordered it on Yelp for the delivery guy to knock on my door. When I opened the box, I was welcomed to a beautiful sight of 10 slices of golden crust, blood red sauce, mozzarella and a stack of vegetables including onions, mushrooms, and (my favorite) broccoli rabe. My only complaint is that there were so many toppings it made the crust just a touch soggy, but it was still so delicious.
I've ordered many times in the past, and never been disappointed. I'd recommend a side of their garlic or short rib fries - just what you'd want to complement a great pizza. And Santucci's delivers exactly that - great pizza!We were very impressed with the Santuccis on 9th.  We came to the one on Broad due to easier parking.  Well, it was quite a different experience. The antipasto board had less meat and the bread was already sliced and very dry.  We also had a medium size square pizza "the works".  The pizza had good flavor but could use more sauce.  The crust was so dry and hard, it's definitely over baked. Service was also slow, water glasses were not filled when they're empty.  The restaurant wasn't even busy.  There were only two other tables that were occupied.  What a disappointment this Santuccis was!they get 2 bc the food is atleast half way decent.  other then that they dnt seem to cater to diversity at either location bc theres hardly any black people when i make them a food choice.On topic of this location theres a line of cute "Italian" girl sure they're just of European decent--all looks & no damn brains bc as i walked up 1 of 4 girls at the registers asked"may i help u  but wasn't taking ordersshe then directed me to the other girl that i then specifically told "i wanted a personal veggie pizza pie..how much to add steak"after staring at me dumb-founded blank she gave me a price.15 minutes later i goto season it..its all tomato sauce with 4 itty bitty steak pieces..im like:" wht the hell kinda piZza is this?"..she goes;"oh,all i heard was steak"I bet she did...whoever made it was nice enough to get it rightit was just minus the raw onions,less tomato sauce,better flavoring alsoI love their pizza.   Something about it just makes me want more and more.  It's different than "normal" pizza with the sauce on top of the cheese but I think it's delicious.  It's cash only which is a pain but they do have an atm.  More of a pain for delivery.  Wings are also an underrated item here but are pricey.Love my 10th and Christian location- not so much Broad and Spring Garden...Soup mostly broth and celery...little "grilled cheese" not so much grilled and coldFavorite pizza place I've been to in Philly, so glad they put one in north of center city. Fairly good price for very tasty, sauce-on-top pizza. Eating in is a pleasant experience but you can also order to go. Looking forward to checking out the beer selections more next timeOrdered five pizzas yesterday to be delivered today. They arrived ten minutes early and hot! Thank you for the great service and delicious pizzas. Veggie Works wasn't popular in our office, but the White Pizza, Cheese, and Margherita were very popular.Mama Mia! LOL strap in everyone, because Marg has a thing or two to tell you about this little ol place... So yesterday I spent the day in wonderfful Philadelphia, city of Brothwrly Love and home to the cutest founding father (in my opinion) Benny Franklin. After a long day of walking around the convention center, us girlies (my granddaughter, daugher and i) worked us up an apetitie. Let me
tell you ladies if you're going to the Flower show there are NO edible flowers. Made me quite hungry. Anyway, We were in the mood for something good and reliable. Now I have been this Santucci (sounds like tushy LOL) a time or two before, so this review is not only for the food, but the consistency and hospitality mr Santucci provides every time. The ambiance in this lil joint is quite nice. If Margie still dated she would take her dates here for a real romantic and sexy night filled with good pizza. The lovely waitress quickly got our order (as always) and within 15 minutes brought us out a good looking pizza pie. As my ancestors in Italy would say Mama Mia! What a pizza pie! This time we got a margherita pizza (sadly there is no alcohol in these, Margie loves to get tipsy off some tequila, just ask franny) none the less it was a great square pie! I'm usually much more of a cheesy gal, but they have made their sauce perfecto! Ciao bella! We also got sides of farmer's salads because we are ladies who like to watch their figures. Very good as well! Made me tolerate some vegetables for once in 60 years LOL. If you are ever in this neck of the woods be sure to try it! A Go to for whenever I go to visit my beautiful granddaughter. She also shared some of her pictures of the pizza with me because she said my pictures are too blurry!! Hunny i am 61 years old my hands are lil shakey what can I say. Anyway Ciao and god bless to all my fellow Italians tonight. C U next time!!!Came here for paint nite, it's a nice and cozy atmosphere. I definitely liked the pizza that they're known for-- fries and mozzarella sticks were so good!Amazing Square pie that is covered in sauce and a cheese that will leave you full and wanting more. The crust is square crisp and delicious and the topping are varied and enjoyable. I personally recommend the long hots and sausage which has a spicy meaty quality that any Italian would love. 
Come for lunch even though it is busy and you will be seated immediately and the service always friendly. Delivery has been good as well with no complaints ever from me.Usually come here to eat and have a great time. Decided to try out the bar- big mistake. The bartender didn't seem thrilled to have to actually interact with costumes. She was incredibly short and rude with me. I ended up leaving and certainly won't be back!Heard this was a good pizza restaurant,  so I ordered  a sausage and pepperoni to take out.  It was horrible and will never get anything from Santucci ever again.Let me start by saying the pizza is great. The crust is crispy and chewy at the same time, and not too thick. The sauce is a little too cooked for my preference, but it has a good flavor. Overall, it's one of the better pizzas I've had.
HOWEVER
What is up with the wait? I've come here three times over the past few years, and three times I've had to wait 45 minutes to an hour for the pizzas to come out. Tonight we went with friends, and together we had six children between the ages of two and seven waiting for almost an hour for the pizzas to come out at around 7 p.m. The waitstaff are nice and all, but that's a brutal wait for people with small kids. Also, the cash-only aspect of this place is kinda annoying. This is a small restaurant chain in a major city in 2017, not a boardwalk shop in 1986. It's a hassle to scrounge up the dollars to come here, and I wish they'd take cards or something.My co-worker and I were in search of some quality pizza for lunch. I ride by Santucci's daily, so I decided to give them a try. I ordered a personal pie, The Works. It was absolutely delicious. My co-worker ordered Garlic Parm wings, broccoli rabe and spinach. EVERYTHING was delicious! Friendly staff, delivered on time, food was hot and the order was correct.Thank you.  Great good and service. The salad was watermelon and feta... excellent! Arancini,  spaghetti and meatballs also very good! You'll like the atmosphere too... modern but comfortable.I came here with my dad last Tuesday and was going through a very rough personal time. I was noticeably upset and briefly explained to our server what happened. At the end of our meal she came back and told us that she took care of the order and had gone through something similar in her past. Not only was the food great, but the service was absolutely unforgettable and I'm eternally grateful for the kindness that was shown to me. I definitely recommend this location and will be returning again.Was a bit disappointed with location on broad street.  Cash only. Really!!!  Food was ok. Nothing special.Ordered from here countless times since they opened this location a couple years ago. Pizza was great, up until the last time we ordered, on 12/15/17. Crust was nasty- very dry and cardboard like. Very disappointed considering how high their prices are compared to other good pizzerias in the area.I ordered the chicken parm.  Great service and it was ready in 15 minutes but the pasta and the chicken was so bland.  I will not order again.Apple Walnut Salad gets a perfect score.   Loved the square cheese pizza.  The key to this pizza is the sauce.    Excellent!
Service was good as well.   We went for lunch so it was not busy.
Only thing that kept me from giving it 5 stars is that I am a pizza snob and have had better.   But I would still highly recommend and return.Went with a party of 16 early afternoon. My kids had arranged this and didn't bother to tell me that they are cash only. Food was ok. Salads were very good, especially the Granny Smith salad. Server was excellent. Check was several hundred dollars. They would not take a bank check from this well-dressed crowd of lawyers, doctors and engineers. The ATM machine was scarily devoid of supporting documentation as to it's legitimacy. Probably a profit-center for the business. We scrounged up enough cash among us. Not taking plastic or a check means we'll never be back. I take plastic in both my businesses, it just doesn't cost that much to give your customers that service. Even my grungy neighborhood pizza place take plastic. Back in the heyday of The Saloon in South Philly they didn't take plastic but would always accept a check and they were far more expensive than Santucci's.I love what they have done to this place. It was always such a bright, unwelcoming joint.  The new owners have made it warm and inviting.  I sat at the bar on a slow Wednesday evening and took advantage of the $3 Blue Moon special.  The meatball side is very good.  When the pizza arrived, I wasn't sure I would like it.  It is kind of deep dishy with heavy sauce slathered above the cheese and meat layers.  But I was pleasantly surprised with my first bite.  Most Excellent!!!  Cash only, but luckily you get a lot of food for a little price.As a regular of the original Santuccis, the new location doesn't quite meet the standards. I was forced to order delivery from this location since I was closer to it than the South Philly spot. When the pizza came, it was a soggy and flavor-lacking pie. I understand that delivery boxes cause the pizzas to become less crisp, but this one was to the point of being wet throughout. I guess I'll just have to go to the South Philly spot for the real deal.Santucci's has consistently excellent pizza with regular pizza place prices, which is difficult to find in Philly. I've dined in once and taken out four times so far, and the staff is very nice and accommodating. Be sure to check out the sandwiches as well. I'm very pleased to have this institution in the neighborhood!I can only comment on the delivery service. I am giving 4.5 stars ONLY because it is cash only. But I actually would love to be able to give them a 5. My friend just moved to the Fairmount area and often hosts large groups. Every time I'm there she gets Santuccis delivery. A couple times I've been the designated caller/payer. They have everything you would want in a pizza delivery place: timely answer of the phone, courteous in taking your order, they check to make sure they have it right, deliver on time, courteous delivery person, and then best of all.... the pizza is DELICIOUS!! I love how the sauce, instead of the cheese, is the top layer. Pulling the slices off is easier and cleaner. The crust has just the right amount of crisp. I don't feel like I am slobbering cheese or making a mess while I eat it. It actually changed the way I look at pizza. When we go over my friends place, it's become an expectation that we get Santuccis. I would def recommend it to a friend and/or an out of town visitor.I live nearby, so I was dissapointed when Alessandro's, which previously was in this location, closed. When I saw another pizza place would be opening up in it's place, I was excited. I dropped in on Friday night to get take-out, wanting to taste-test the new pizza place in town. I'm relatively new to Philly, but apparently Santuccis has other locations in the area.
I ordered a medium cheese pie, which was a rectangle, about 12 inches (on the diagonal), cut into 6 smaller rectangles. When i had brought the pie home, I was surprised to see the sauce was actually on top of the cheese. When I bit into it, I then questioned whether there was any cheese on it at all! There was in fact, but it was a very thin layer. The sauce was tasty, but the lack of cheese was dissapointing. 
Also, the fact that Santucci's is CASH ONLY was frustrating, especially considering it's a sit down Italian restaurant, with a full bar. In this day and age, I don't understand why a new place would open and be cash only. There is an ATM available to the left of the counter, but still...
The nice thing about Santucci's is that you can purchase beer/cider/alcohol in 6 packs here; not something you can find in the immediate vicinity.
I'd be willing to give them another try, but with another pizza place very close by, one that has nicely-cheesed pizza, I'm more tempted to go there.I usually sit at the bar - plenty of seating and TVs. In an area with lots of trendy gastropub-type places, Santucci's is different. Very casual and comfortable - but still nice and good quality. I'd say it's a red sauce Italian place with great pizza (square with sauce on top) and I love the fact that I can go here and get this sort of food at the bar with a cold beer.
Decent tap selection - fairly standard mix including some bigger east coast craft selections (at the moment, selections from Victory, DFH, Yards, Brooklyn - among others). Nothing too obscure.
Definitely a step above most take out-oriented pizza joints.
Cash only.
I've found the street parking on North Broad to be very easy (especially across the street in the next block north).Went last night for paint nite, it was their first time hosting it so everything was a little chaotic. The food was ok- we got a margherita pizza, sweet potato fries and coconut shrimp. The pizza was pretty good, the fries were a little cold when they came out and the coconut shrimp seems old or like it was drenched in oil didn't have a crunch to it. I had the bartender make me two different drinks both which were ok. Overall experience was just ok but the burgers looked really good.I like the simplicity of Santucci's square pie. Hearty crust, not too heavy on the sauce, and not too heavy on the cheese below. Getting a small pie and eating the whole thing in one sitting makes you feel a lot less guilty, now doesn't it? Tried the honey chipotle wings, unlike some other yelpers, I was unable to fall in love with them. I simply though they were alright and the chipotle flavor was a bit more than the honey. One thing I absolutely love is the short rib gravy  fries. It is a hangover helper's dream! Savory, filling, gluttonous, cheese is involved. What more could you ask for? 
Unfortunately, I've seen workers eating behind the counter while waiting to pick up food. It's a little off-putting and it would be nice if they didn't do it in plain sight. As many have mentioned, yes, it's cash only, which is a little inconvenient given the fact that most people don't carry a lot of cash (if any) on them. Fortunately, there's an ATM if you need it. All in all, a very nice addition to Fairmount/North Broad.I follow a gluten-free diet but I was able to find something yummy to eat. I ordered their burger and asked for a lettuce wrap. It ended up being incredibly messy and I ate it with a fork and knife. It was greasy goodness. I was super jealous of those eating pizza around me. It looked delicious but also messy because the sauce is on top and drips off the pizza. The service was great and the waitress was attentive. When it was time for the bill, the waitress was great in splitting the bill by person. However, it's cash only so be prepared.Nice people who work there, the pizza is very delicious. I am really not a fan that they only accept cash though because now and days everyone is mobile or pays with card. They do have an ATM but my bank charges me for taking money out of an ATM plus their surcharge! that sucks. Make sure you have cash, the food and wine is worth it though!!We ordered from here last night and had ordered the "veggie works" pizza but the woman taking my order thought we were ordering "the works". I was concerned she hadn't heard me correctly and made sure to point out again that we were ordering the "veggie works", as one member of our group is a vegetarian. Despite this, when the delivery came, our pizza had pepperoni and sausage on it. When I called the restaurant to let them know, they indicated we would have to return the incorrect pizza and they would make us the correct pizza. They did not apologize, offer us any coupon, or take anything off of our order. Instead, it seemed like they were merely annoyed by the inconvenience of having to send us what we actually ordered. It was very disappointing. 
The pizza itself was fine but not as good as the original Santuccis. I do not plan to go back, which is a bummer, as I live in the neighborhood.Nice modern setup with a completely separate room and a full bar! Fairly priced apps and entrees, ranging from salads to pastas to pizzas!! Was the service phenomenal? No, not at all friendly. But they were quick and got the job done. Diverse offering of quality food with a casual ambiance to hit up any night of the week!For anyone who remembers Alessandros: this is not that kinda establishment. They are more formal and their menu is smaller and more expensive. The interior has changed to a more formal dining area but, they still sell beer to go and have a bar. 
That said: the service is quite good. They're signature square pizza was really fun and tasted pretty good. I ordered a coffee as well which was close to three dollars (really?) but they do do free refills. Again, the service was very attentive and friendly. 
Bottom line: not bad, but not Alessandros.I just moved to the area after originally living near the Italian market Santucci's, so I had to try this one. I've been twice since I moved and my meals both times have been great. First time, my friend and I dined in and got a flatbread and a panini respectively and there were no complaints. 
Second time around, I ordered the Ultimo burger and it was absolutely delicious. Perfectly cooked and the toppings were amazing-the bacon, Gorgonzola and fried egg were an overall tasty combination! My only complaint was that the fries tasted a bit overcooked/old. I usually love their fries, so that part was a little disappointing. But it wasn't enough to stop me from going back. That burger might just make me a regular.....
Rate: 4.8/5
Tips: Cash only! But there is an ATM located inside near the bar.I work right across the street from here, and probably since I was still mourning the loss of previous tenant Alessandro's, it took me about a year to finally get here.  The inside is nice and has more of a restaurant/bar feel than pizza place. The menu has a lot of good offerings as well. 
I ordered a chicken flatbread with tomatoes, walnuts, and pesto. It was basically a mini pizza, and it was so delicious. I was able to eat it for lunch and dinner since the portions are generous. 
My only issue was the price points. I ordered a little container of tomato soup and paid $5 for it. Maybe I'm cheap but that seemed like a bit much. But regardless I shall be returning and working my way through their menu!(to the tune of "Hip to Be Square" by Huey Lewis and the News)
I used to be a purist, used to stick to only cheese
But as time passed, I opened my eyes to toppings, if you please
Now I'm trying some new things, and yes, that means shapes too
Sometimes when near Santucci's, you know what you gotta do
Gotta pick some pizza up... yeah
It's hip to be square
It's hip to be square
I like my cheese on top of sauce. At least, I thought that was me....
But 'tucci's tucks it under there, and blew my mind with that cheese!
They tell me it's not good for me, but I don't even care
I know that it's crazy
I know that shape's daring
but there's no denying that...
It's hip to be square!
Ok, so 5 stars is technically "As good as it gets". And, though I'm a HUGE Santucci's fan, I can't (in good faith) say it's as good as it gets. But dang, it's good.
Cash only, but it's as good piping hot as it is after it's cooled down a bit, so hit up the ATM and order more than you think you need. I brought over four pies, over 2 slices per person, to my birthday party later in the evening (9pm, after folks had already eaten earlier in the daytime) and they were gone in the blink of an eye. I also showed up wearing a tiara and they snuck in a surprise birthday cannoli, just for me!
The price isn't outrageous, and I like that the large pies are sectioned into 10 slices. The sauce on top lends itself to a different taste experience, one that I really like. Big fan of the pepperoni, too, as was apparently everyone at the party because it disappeared first! 
I go back nearly every time we're up in the area, and I keep wanting more!Love this place! Great pizza and great wings! They listen to how you order- if you say crispy or well done- it's cooked the way you like it. 
Bar area is nice with good service. Great deal on Thursdays- half off wings. 
My only negative is their prices on drinks. Let's remember this is a pizza place, 7$ for a beer and 12$ for a glass of wine? Really? This isn't fine Italian dining. 
Anyway, overall great!Takeout review! I love the Santucci's in Bella Vista and this one is just as good. The original square pizza is unlike anything you've tasted and a new favorite is the honey chipotle wings. The honey chipotle sauce is so good you could drink it. Don't ask me if I did, because I won't admit to it. The only negative is that they are cash only.I went for the first time last week and had a thoroughly enjoyable experience. The food was delicious, and it was a nice atmosphere with a pleasant staff. I plan on making Santucci's a regular part of my rotation.Good quality food especially compared to local Italian food/pizza shops. My burger was fine but our ravioli was extra tasty and the short rib gravy fries with cheese was great. I saw the bar has decent specials throughout the week and they have good pricing on take-out beer, so we'll be going back to check that out next time we eat.Not going to lie, this food is soo good. I have been here a few times a week or have ordered from here the other times. Their margarita pizza and honey chipotle wings are the BEST. only downside is its cash only so that can be difficult in todays world where people don't usually like to carry cash around. however, I'd definitely try this place. although they just opened and it seems as if they need extra help, service staff is very nice.When I'm in Philly, I always need to find a way to stop here. Pizza with the works is a must have. Tried the Caesar salad this time around, very good. Really enjoyed the Charcuterie board. Two thumbs up.In Philly, when it comes to Pizza or Cheesteaks, if the place is awful, but the food awesome, we (Philadelphians) agree that we can handle it.
That been said, the food was below average, the pizza was meh, the Cesar salad tastes like it came from Kraft special, and the whole cash thing!!! Wow! If I was licking my fingers, like I do after going through any respectable place in this city that demands cash only... It's one thing. But eating mall food and then expected to pay cash?
And especially in a prominent location, they are not in some corner at south/NE philly, where you know it's expected. You are located across a Steven Starr, and a Vetri restaurant and yours truly goes for a business lunch, and wham - cash only. The IRS "loves" me when I claim cash purchases.
Enough with my rant about the cash.
The food is below average on the sub shop/pizza place scale. The place was empty on a weekday during lunch (hint hint).I've been to Santucci's twice and every time has been an amazing experience trying American food; chicken wings and this Square pizza they announce.
I can say I have never had wings like the ones they make here, there are different flavored wings, I tried the hot, mild and honey chipotle ones and all of them taste delicious.
The pizza is as well amazing, you can choose the toppings, the size and you better be ready to feel a very pleasant explosion of flavor in your mouth.
They do special offers during the week, we went on a Thursday and the wings and cocktails were a 50% off, so you better check the other days too.
The price is really affordable and the food is incredible, plus the service was really good!
Shotout to the waitress I thought she could be from Texas! (I don't know her name, sorry) She was really nice!At this point, Santucci's has earned three stars.    A workmate and I decided to embark on a walkabout during lunch and we headed north on Broad Street for a change of pace.    Six blocks north of City Hall sits a  brand new Santucci's, which undoubtedly is a welcome addition to what otherwise appears to be a lunchtime restaurant wasteland.
My workmate and I each ordered the $7 lunch special, which consists of 1/2 of a sandwich and your choice of salad, soup or fries.   The chicken soup was extraordinarily good.   Obviously homemade and chock full of veggies and chicken.  It was noodle-free, but so delicious that the absence did not adversely affect the lunching experience. 
Meanwhile, the bacon-chicken-avocado sandwich was a disappointment for several small reasons.   The whole wheat roll was far too dense and chewy for a sandwich.  It would have been perfect dinner roll that you rip into small pieces and dip in olive oil.  The crust was so thick that an attempt to bite through it caused the entire sandwich contents and the bottom of the roll to slip and slide.   Nobody wants to wear their lunch.   The next problem was the bacon, which was too thick for a sandwich and not sufficiently brittle to yield to a bite.   I ended up removing it because it was impossible to chew through (think extra thick jerky).   Finally, the avocado was  largely absent.   Although I saw a small green smudge on the bottom of the roll, it was not convincing evidence that the sandwich had even been in a room with an avocado.
My workmate had a short rib sandwich and fries, and she virtually re-enacted that famous deli scene from "When Harry Met Sally."  I surmise that the gravy from the short ribs moistened the whole wheat roll sufficiently to make her sandwich more manageable than mine.   The fresh hand-cut fries both looked and tasted delicious (I stole one for research purposes).
Unassailably true is the freshness of the food (the restaurant does not even have a freezer), the generous portions (a 1/2 sandwich is about 6 inches long)  and the appeal of the decor (for this end of town).   I am hopeful that they will tweak their execution to address the issues noted in this review.   We love and support family-owned businesses and would like to give Santucci's four stars next time.   Looking forward to visiting their Warminster location, too.Great service! Great food! had the wings special for the birds absolutely great. Definitely will come back to this hidden gem. Tim and Olivia were my servers, they made me feel welcomed and were very knowledgeable of the menu and specials.Food was very good and so was service!  Heads up they do not take credit cards. So bring cash. Worth it!From a true Italian from italy this pizza is not a good pizza! The doe was not cooked, that mean you oven is too high or you need your cooking time to be longer! I was very disappointed with this place ! Does not represent real Italian pizza !I was not impressed. The Chipotle Honey wings were not great.  All of the sauce was at the bottom of the box.  I ordered the veggie delight personal pizza and i didn't feel it was flavorful.  Maybe because it was all vegetables but you can barely see the cheese if there were any on it and the sauce was bland. Maybe because it was all carry out but that know excuse especially when you're visiting from  out of town.Let start by I Love this pizza however service has been terrible lately ! I order pizza here every Friday night . on Superbowl Sunday we ordered 2 pizzas and wings nothing fancy for us to pick up at 6pm.. we don't live far and thought it was be ready just in time for the big game.. completely wrong! When my husband arrived the order wasn't no ready and they ran out wings.. it was like 20 people deep waiting for their orders.. my husband missed the first quarter of our Superbowl party because of their poorly run operation.. now fast forward it's our Friday night pizza night and we decided to try again and order for delivery .. this time I order about 7 7:15ish. What happens .. 9pm still no pizza .. when I called about my delivery I get a person on the phone that wasn't even apologetic about the delay and then said we don't deliver in an hour.. which I never even said I that.. I knew from when I order they person said 1 to. 1 1/2 hours ... 2nd time an issue shame on me.. there.wont be a 3rd timeThere is potential here. Pizza is different but pretty good. Unfortunately, the place is too bright and sterile - it needs some atmosphere. I don't think any of the staff has ever worked in a restaurant before. These are things that can be fixed. How about some draft beer and a decent happy hour?  I'm rooting for you guys.Wonderful pizza! The crust was perfect! The cheese panini was very tasty with a fresh salad! Impeccable service!I really enjoyed the granny smith apple salad. But I think it was expected that I rave over the pizza. ..it was decent. It's not the worst I've ever had, but it's also not my favorite. The crust was a bit too thick for my liking. The center had also gotten a bit soggy. I did get delivery, so that may be less of an issue if you eat in. Portions are generous. A personal pizza and salad could serve 2. I would eat this again, but I wouldn't go out of my way for it.I used to go to the old location in Manayunk and have also been to the one in Bella Vista. Their pizza is my favorite so I was super excited to see one open closer to me. This location is nice and spacious. Unlike the other locations, they also offer a full bar. 
I've been here 2x now and have also ordered delivery. The Works pizza is my go-to. I usually stick to the pizza, but the honey chipotle wings and short rib gravy fries were too good to pass up.Had a couple beers here and some good chicken fingers and fries. Cheap. Cash only, though. The guy at the bar was really nice, it's really you get what you go in for here. I didn't like that the bar side was really well bright, but definitely will give it another shot!This is my favorite local spot for takeout! We always order the pizza when guests are over because it is prepared so differently; it is a hearty square pizza with cheese first then the sauce and whatever toppings you add. And Holy Stromboli is it DELICIOUS! The only downside is that it is cash only, but that might be a good thing because I don't order here as much due to this. We have had other things as well but the pizza blows everything out of the water; although I do dream about their chicken Caesar salad and have cravings for it from time to time!Worst service I've ever experienced. I would give zero stars but unfortunately have to give one to give a rating.This place does not disappoint! Have gotten take out and have dined in. Wonderful and friendly staff in all of my experiences! Had the most attentive waitress this evening, and when getting cash out of the ATM, one of the chefs wanted to know how my experience was that night - what I got, how I liked it, etc. 
Obviously the Pizza is amazing, but they also have an extensive menu otherwise. Had the buffalo chicken bites which were out of this world!!! Can't wait to get them again. My favorite pies are the white Pizza with broccolini and the margarita! 
Happy hour specials M-F from 5-7pm $2 off all drafts! Make sure to check in for a free cookie or brownie when you visit. Cash only! But they do have an ATM in the restaurant!I really enjoy Santuccis pizza and have made it my go-to pizza spot in Fairmount. Their sausage pizza is a favorite! Their chicken fingers are also worth ordering as they are crispy with a nice batter but not overly fried. My only disappointment has been with the french fries. Knowing the fries are fresh cut, I was excited to try them. Every time I've ordered them for takeout or pickup, they've been extremely soggy. Wish they would keep them in the fryer longer!Great pizza, and a different style than the usual corner place. We don't always order pizza from here, but when we are in the mood for this style, there is nothing that tastes better.Great pizza and service.  I will def return.I came to Santucci's on a Wednesday for a Paint Nite event. While at first I wondered why it was so quiet, I realized that they did not participate in Sips, so Wednesdays are probably pretty empty in the summer. I had a spinach pizza and really enjoyed it. The square, sauce on top style was tasty. If it was closer to where I live, I would probably become a regular!I had dinner here tonight at about 7 PM, and after being seated, our waitress (a girl with blonde hair and highlights) refused to serve us and ignored our table for about a half and hour.  At one point, she motioned toward our table and said "they can sit somewhere else" in fact.  Finally, a different waitress took our order and we had our dinner.  We tipped the waitress that served us generously and thanked her for noticing we'd been waiting.  Surprisingly, she didn't say a word, and walked away.  This is a decent pizza place, but I've never had such an unprofessional experience at a restaurant.  I have no idea what their problem was, but I will not be going back if that's how they treat their customers.  Very strange.Hands down the best pizza in Philly! Their pizza comes in small squares with the sauce on top and its absolutely fantastic. The crispy bottom crust, gooey mozzarella and the incredible sauce blends together perfectly. If your in town looking for a place to grab a slice head here!!Don't bother ordering thru this app. The business did not even have their tablet turned on.  Major fail.I've only ordered pizza delivery from here but it's been great so far.   My friend ordered it once when I was over and I became addicted.  In turn, I ordered it for my other friends and now they are obsessed.  Square pizza with the cheese on the bottom seems to do the trick.   Specialty options are a bit limited, but I feel like this pizza doesn't need it, it thrives on simplicity.  Great for a night in with friends.ordered 3 days in advanced and showed up and was told they were out of wings????? ridiculous and will not come back 0/10 recommend no one should ever deal w this horrible serviceWe went to Santucci's today for a quick bite.  We've been there before this and had good food.  The food today was good as well as was our server. After we paid our bill we realized we had been overcharged for a burger.  When we brought this to our server's attention she said there could be a up charge since we ordered sweet potato fries instead of regular fries.  We showed her the menu that was on our table that said the either of the fries was included with the burger.  Then an older blond haired woman in a Santucci's tshirt (I think she is either the owner or manager) came over to say that the menu had changed and pulled a menu out from under the counter with the up charge.  When we showed her the menu that was given to us she rudely walked away saying the menu our server gave us was wrong!  She blamed the pricing discrepancy on our server!  When I showed her our menu again she would not back down saying again it was our server's fault and rudely walked away for a second time.  When I said she was being rude she told us to never come back!  She can count on that, she has no people skills!  No wonder the restaurant was not even half full on a Saturday.  Santucci's in South Philly is far superior to this poorly run restaurant!Most of the meal was ok. One person in our party ordered cheese ravioli and it tasted like rotten fish. The server was really nice and brought a new plate out but the second plate tasted the same way.  They handled it really well but still a disappointing experience. 
Their pizza is good and different from the average slice, but if you really love cheese the way I do, this probably won't fulfill your pizza craving.Yes, we had the square pizza, LOL...
We were trying to pack in all the local fare in one day which is an issue when you're in BIG food cities like Philly. We went here at like 3pm and we were literally the only folks in the whole place.
Which, as it turns out, matters not. The pizza is still damned good. Not NYC good (lets not be silly here), but a tasty rendition. I'd have it again if I was in Philly and jonesing for tomato pie...I have to start off this review by saying that I'm a bit biased. 
I grew up in the far northeast, so my Friday nights as a kid often involved going to Santucci's in the shopping center at Knights and Woodhaven. This was back before they expanded into the bar and grill that's there today, back when they were wedged in between the Shop-n-Bag and an hour dry cleaners. Santuccis was our spot for pizza, which apparently made us different from all the other families on my block because they would always comment on how the pizza was "upside down". 
Point being is that when I found out there was a Santucci's on North Broad, in my new neighborhood that I've chosen as an adult, I was ecstatic. I had missed the pizza of my childhood and would occasionally crave it, but not enough to make the 25 minute drive up a construction riddled 95. So when I ordered delivery for the first time from this place, there was a good chance childhood nostalgia would cloud my taste buds into thinking the pizza was better than it was. 
I am happy to say it has not. Santucci's pizza is still just as good as it was back in the 90's, if not better. The only real thing I can fault them on is the container they use to deliver their french fries in; makes them a bit soggy since the steam from the hot fries can't vent out. Other than that really very minor flaw, the food here is consistently delicious and delivered promptly.Treated my mom and fiancée for dinner on Sunday evening 4/15/18 at 5pm. NEVER AGAIN
#1 Reason - Service. We were Rushed. Order basically came out all once. The waitress was nice , but seemed like there was no training.
The food was ok. But couldn't enjoy because by the time my mom took 2 bites of her greek beet salad, her margarita pizza arrived.  My fiancée barely got thru 1/2  her tomato bisque soup (which was great), her chicken flatbread (not recommended) came out. By the time I ate a few bites of my antipasti, my pizza with broccoli rabe came out. Drinks were spilled because we had our soup, salad, appetizer and main course all out at once. 
Total order was about $70. Not expensive, but I gotten better service at cheaper places with better food.
Oh and giving us our check when we barely touched our dinner and telling us "no rush"....then coming up 10 minutes after looking for payment is the definition of rushing. 
Oh and didn't ask us about dessert or mention the specials. 
Plenty of great places to eat in Roxborough (such as Maria's) where the food is great and the service represents the Roxborough culture.Wow! We ordered from santucci's for the first time last weekend and we're beyond impressed with the food. We got pizza and mozzarella sticks and it was so delicious. Only downfall is that it's a bit over priced. This will keep us from making it our regular Roxborough pizza shop to order from, due to the price well only order on occasion.Placed an order on a Monday evening. Was given a 40min-60min delivery window. Delivery received 20 min late outside the window after 10:00 PM. Had contemplated calling and canceling the order or refusing delivery but the driver came right as I had decided. Pizza was luke warm but still Tasted good.Nice location on Ridge Avenue. Plenty of seating with the stereotypical pizza house vibe. 
The service was quick and friendly and we were definitely made to feel welcome. We decided to try both a pizza and a pasta dish. The ravioli and brown butter sauce was mediocre, and after trying the pizza I will just stick with the pizza from now on. We ordered the works pizza and it was delicious. The crust was amazing and the toppings of top quality. 
Being new to Philadelphia I wasn't sure what I was gonna get with this square pizza thing, but after trying it I realized I have been missing out. Definitely will be back.Didn't plan on stopping here but passed it on the way home so we ran in for a quick bite. Waitress is friendly and nice. Pizza was ok. I wasn't blown away or anything but it was good. The long hots we got were tasty too.Pizza was ok, service wasn't the best. We got the Works pizza and there were plenty of toppings and the sausage was delicious. Crispy and firm crust. 
I got a fountain soda with one refill. Received no notice of refill charge and was charged $5.80 total for the soda. Good news is restaurant is BYOB! 
Table next to us also had entrees served 15 minutes apart from each other. Our pizza came out fairly quickly. Quiet ambience inside.I had seen that they opened last time I was in the area and was eager to try! 
Next time my bf and I were craving pizza we ordered delivery! 
The website is fairly easy to use and it's nice that you can customize each half of the pizza easily. 
We ordered a large pizza with sausage and different veggies on each half and then a Caesar salad. 
The delivery was not super quick but the pizza was with the wait! 
The pizza was delicious and they did get every part of the order correct but the menu only says olives which I assumed were black olives but are actually kalamata. They should update the online menu to make that clear! 
The Caesar salad was so small and bland and for $10 felt like a rip-off so probably will stick to pizza next time. 
Overall I'll definitely order pizza from here again! Who knew sauce on top of cheese is so deliciousGreat pizza place!!  Square pizza,authentic sauces and ingredients. I have heard rave reviews about this place and it surpassed my expectations. Sandwiches are also made on a huge fresh roll and wonderful.   This is a place to check out and you will add this pizza place to your top eats list!!!Love this place! Not only do they have the best pizza in the area, but their other dishes are amazing. Square pie, sauce on the top, perfectly cooked. Daily special board is worth checking out - you will not be disappointed. Also - My son loves their homemade chicken fingers.Pizza was great and service was great. Ordered online, walked in and walked out. Had the pleasure of witnessing some guy yelling at the young girl working the register because every time he called the phone was busy. She handled it well and kept her cool. I heard rumors ab bad service but I didn't see that at all.Opened a few months ago near my house, so far have only had the pizza though they have other items available
Eh, i dont see the hype behind it honestly, its good pizza, not great, but pretty good , sauce on top of the cheese square pie etc.
Crust is tasty , place is clean service was great, just wasnt blown away by the pizza itself like i was told it would
Wife loves it thoughWow, amazing pizza. The sauce and cheese are really good- marinara is not sweet like many places around. Very savory pizza. I got half pepperoni large pizza and will probably get that every time. Cooked perfect. I usually ask for my pies well done with light cheese- but I didn't need to tailor anything here, it was perfect as is.Best pizza in the neighborhood.  The Italian food there is also quite good.  I had the Chicken Parm dinner which is only $12 and comes with pasta.  Very solid!  It's also BYOB, so don't forget the wine.My absolute go-to in Philadelphia and my favorite pizza for a girl's night in Wine and Pizza night. The crust is cooked just right with a crunchy exterior and soft, chewy interior, and the sauce has a perfect amount of sweetness. I wouldn't stop there, though. Its easy to keep coming back and going straight for the can't fail, won't fail pizza, but you need to try their pasta dishes as well. It took me almost a dozen tries to be bold and leave space in my stomach for anything but their perfect pizza, but once I did I was awe-inspired. The penne alla vodka is a simple, beautiful favorite. But just to be safe, you should try them all.Everything about the pizza we ordered -- a large, half-plain and half-mushroom and green pepper -- along with our experience ordering and picking it up, was completely fine and good and acceptable. I guess I was a little bummed because that's ultimately how I felt about the pizza as well; it was... fine. I think that after reading reviews here and looking at  some FINE ASS looking pictures of a pepperoni pizza (maybe not getting pepperoni was a bad call?) I was really psyched to have my mind BLOWN by this pizza, and that just didn't happen. If someone had said "Hey we are getting square pizza and it's decent enough," maybe I wouldn't have eaten it thinking "What am I missing??" 
I'd give it another go with pepperoni ;)I grew up in Frankford, and on Santucci's pizza. Something here seemed a little off. The sauce just didn't have that black peppery bite that I'm used to. Perhaps it was just an off night, or they are trying to get up to speed at this new location. OK. 
We dined in, and this location has a serious HVAC problem. It was too hot inside, and they couldn't turn the AC up anymore because the exposed duct work was sending condensation all over the tables and food. 
We'll order again, but probably won't dine in at this location.We may have been extra hungry but this was extraordinarily good pizza
and the young woman who answered the phone and took the order was terrific and polite as well as the delivery guy
it was an experience and if you've not had this pizza before you really owe it to yourself to try absolutely excellentPizza is fantastic! Great addition to Ridge Ave.  The only complaint that I had was with the Classic Caesar Salad that I got with my pizza for take-out.  I do not think it was worth the $10 (just lettuce, some croutons and some grated parm).  
Pizza, wings, and service are great! We will keep ordering.Wow. This was our first time having Santuccis. We got take out and had The Works and White Buffalo. So much delicious flavor in each. My new favorite pizza. Highly recommend! Photo does not do justice!They put the sauce on top of the cheese... Honestly, I'm not sure why people seem to get worked up over that. Does it impact the flavor profile in anyway? I mean, I guess you might want to be more careful while you eat it, otherwise, let's judge the pie by its attributes and not their location!
So, about that pie. It's also square, which makes every piece have a nice solid edge to grab and some crust to enjoy. I'm far from a pizza connoisseur, but I found myself enjoying our plain pie a lot more than I figured.
We grabbed the pie to-go and didn't have to wait that long. The staff was more than willing to assist with special requests (including putting the sauce under the cheese should you really want). The price didn't break the bank either.
Overall, I'm certainly happy to see more options in the Manayunk area but still want them to be good. Santucci's hits the mark!BEST PIZZA IN TOWN! The place came highly recommend which is always tough to match expectations but not only did it match, it surpassed. I had the half white and half pep and sausage and now i think I'm in love.. with a pizza. Is that weird? Whatever, i don't careVery good!!!  The food is fresh and hot and delicious!  Comes out quick and service is great.  This is exactly what Roxborough needs.  The menu is great quick casual bites, gourmet alternatives and healthy choices too.  Very happy!It honestly pains me to write this review. Just to start, I've been eating at Santuccis since I was 5, literally. I've been going since they were on O street and literally grew up eating this pizza. I've been to numerous locations throughout the city and even some that aren't around anymore. In my younger years I've even worked for Mr. Santucci, their sons Joe and Rob. Our experience tonight was a major disappointment. 
We were sat immediately but not greeted for a few minutes. Our server was very friendly but that's about it. I ordered an ice tea and received a sprite. She was apologetic. We started with the fries with cheese. At $6.50 we had high hopes. The idea of hand cut fries is great but you need to season them! There was literally no seasoning on them and they were just bland. Major bummer! If you charge $6.50 for an order of fries, they need to be perfect. Now for the pizza. We ordered a large pie half sausage and extra cheese. It was just okay. Maybe it's just different then the Santuccis I'm used too. The pizza was thicker and the cheese was different. It didn't taste the same. The crust was nice a crispy but it was too thick. The cheese while good, just threw us off. They were very skimpy on the sausage. The pieces were very small compared to other stores. Again, when you charge $22.00 for a pizza, let's make it perfect. Another major disappointment! Finally it's cash only. Seriously it's 2018! They do offer an ATM in store with a fee.
Not all is bad with this location. First it's a byob which is great. The restaurant itself is clean and the decor is nice. Their presentation is also very good compared to the other locations. I can tell they are trying to differentiate themselves from the other locations. That's not a bad thing. The problem is when people are expecting the same consistent pizza they are used too. Again, I'm not saying the pizza was bad, it was just different and didn't taste like any of the northeast locations. Overall it was okay but not great. We wouldn't go out of our way to return. Solid 2 stars.did not dine here... service was abysmal at entrance as if we were unwelcomed. so we left.yeah typically we love Santucci's pizza in an attempt to feel healthy we decided to get the granny Smith apple salad. The first few bites were delicious we really loved the salad dressing that came with it. As we got closer to the end of the salad we noticed that there were long strands of black hair. This was unexpected I needed to double check the receipt to make sure we weren't charged for the extra hair. I didn't know hair was an option on the menu but clearly there's plenty of it at this location.Great addition to Roxborough, huge fresh salads ( had the farmers) Margarita Pizza was awesome. You can't beat the crust, crispy yummy.Disappointing again.
Burger horrible. 
6.00 for sauteed spinach with nothing but water.
Tasteless roasted peppers.Immediately has become my go to pizza place. Order a ceasar salad with black olives and you won't be disappointed (lettuce is always crispy and the dressing is delicious). If you want to avoid the annoying cash only policy, order online for pick up and you can pay by card.I really like the sauce on top, it's consistently good here, delicious, try the prosciutto or the buffaloWay too long
Ok! Went in with the wife to get an order to go while we walked across the street to get some cannolis. Well we came back and waited when we were literally the only ones in there for around 30 minutes. What took so long? 
Now onto the food. The small square chicken bacon ranch pizza which was a personal was great. 
The side of meatballs were awesome and so was the marinara sauce, but 2 meatballs for $8.00?  We won't do that again. 
The fried mozzarella sticks were good and so was the marinara sauce to dip them in. 
The 6 piece garlic parmesan wings were tasty, but were for some reason gummy and didn't really care for the texture the more I ate them. 
All in all cost me for all of this close to $40 which I feel was ridiculously expensive and will not be visiting this place anytime soon.Santucci's is potentially the most basic pizzeria my tastebuds have encountered since 'nam. The ambiance left absolutely nothing to the imagination. My cat loved how I smelled like Italy when I came home. Overall, I feel strongly neutral~ :) :( $ 4
EDIT: just remembered, they make you use straws. Not cool. #savetheturtles #stephanieFood is greasy and the shrimp scampi had only six small pieces of shrimp in it. Not worth the money.  Don't get the garlic wings. The only thing that we got that was decent was there hot wings. And they charge you extra for splitting two flavors of wings.Not really feeling the pizza I ordered, but it was my first time ordering so it could've been just that particular day. It was very soft almost soggy. I also ordered the pasta with prosciutto and a farmer's egg, which was delicious...a total comfort food! Garlic bread had chunks of salt on in which I disliked.It's good. Kinda expensive though. 
Paying over $20 for a pizza is always rough. 
Also they need to cut their olives into little rings. 
They just cut them in big sloppy halves.This is some of the best pizza I've ever had (and we've got some pretty great pizza in CT). Really flavorful sauce, and not a mess to eat. My only complaints are that they are cash only, don't offer a medium pie, and are a little pricier than what I think is reasonable for pizza.Great pizza. Cheese on bottom, sauce on top, makes for an untraditional take on square pizza, but is some of the best I've ever had.One of the horrible location with rude staff ,,, manager was beginning  me not to write bad review and he will give me free Fries,,,, they don't  have professional training at all ,,, to roll the eye's at costumer  just because I ask how much longer for fries 
I will never return to that location due to bad  service,, so bad and nasty , unprofessional staff membersDo NOT order from Santucci's using GrubHub. I placed an order for a 30-40 minute delivery that I finally cancelled at the 2 hour mark.  Tried to call Santucci's REPEATEDLY during this time to see where the disconnect was (restaurant or driver) and literally could not speak with anyone.  Slammed me (and the husband) on hold 4 times, without so much as a "Santucci's please hold".  Food is solid but when your customer service sucks this much, time to back to picking food up elsewhere.  Two thumbs down for GrubHub and Santucci's.Great go to place. Love their pizza and wings. Good atmosphere. BYO. Pro tip: add a touch of salt to the pizza and it's perfect.I ordered take out. The pizza was hard and hardly any cheese on the margherita pizza. Way too pricey for crap quality pizza that I got. They even told me the order was going to take 45min but the pizza was also cold. Very unhappy.Way too expensive. I was ordering from here once a week, then they raised prices. So, I'm done. Not paying $25+ for pie that isn't even nearly as good as the South Philly location. 
Check out Alex's Pizza!--just around the corner, 400 Leverington, 215-483-6162.Being a tourist, I had to see what the deal was with the square "Philly" style pizza. Perfect opportunity to grab some here as we headed back to our hotel from a day downtown. It was starting to snow so we got a large Works and a side Caesar to go. The pizza was made fresh and super quick in about 15 minutes and I definitely liked trying their style of pizza with the cheese underneath the tomato sauce. Only gripe I had was the side salad.  For $6 it was the smallest handful of lettuce, probably looked smaller since it barely filled the to-go container halfway.  I guess I didn't come there for salad, but it was just kind of sad looking.  So lesson learned. Stick with just the pizza at a pizza spotHad the original pizza last weekend. Yummmmm. The crust was crispy and flaky. Sauce is delicious. The cheese is actually beneath the sauce (thought I had gotten a cheese-less pizza at first). Definitely will order again!Paid $20.52 for a dish that said it only costs $13 online. Apparently adding chicken is a whopping $7. The quantity was a joke - it's less than one meal for over $20 of pasta. Don't go here unless you wanna pay way too much for way too little. Also no complimentary bread. I feel like I just got robbed.I have had both take out pizza and dined in at this restaurant and really recommend the food regardless of which option you prefer. The pizza is delicious even after ordering it and bringing it home. Doesn't get soggy in transit! To clarify, we ordered and picked it up ourselves (not delivery).
I recently dined in on a week night on a double date. The restaurant is BYOB so make sure to bring some wine! The ambience was very cute and unique. Our server was so nice and attentive. The food came out quickly, and I ordered the pepperoni stromboli which I HIGHLY recommend. It was deliciously crispy on the outside and I haven't been able to stop thinking about it since. My boyfriend ordered one of the specials which he enjoyed. For dessert, we ordered the cannoli which was definitely large enough for 2 people to split. It was the perfect end to a great dinner! I will definitely be coming back here for a date night soon!Waited over an hour for delivery. Got the wrong order, driver had to come back with the right order. Grilled chicken sandwich was the driest sandwich I've ever had, hurt my jaw to chew the bread. Fries were soggy. Missing one order of fries. Management was nice and offered 50% off next order but already decided there wasn't gonna be a next order. Spend your money elsewhere.I love this place. The decoration is so cute, especially the decoration of wine bottles on the wall, but it is a bit deceiving. This place is BYO, they don't serve any alcohol. The staff is friendly and the ambience is nice. I got the square pizza with sauce on top and absolutely loved it. Will definitely be heading over here again.I like it. The pizza is under the cheese so it's definitely an interesting spin on pizza.Found this place on Yelp.. 
The service sucks & the food is meh! 
I called ordered Chicken Marsala, 6 Garlic Parmesan wings & 6 Honey Chipotle wings (I already know the wings are already pre-bagged before cooked. I asked the phone girl please try to give me all flat wings I hate the drums) 
Didn't get my food till an hour!
GOT ALL DRUMS! 
My 6 wing was the tip!!!!! Not even a full wing.
Definitely will not order here again, not impressed.This review is for the meatball sandwich- very good. 4 hearty meatballs in a toasted sesame seed bun  with marinara and perfectly gooey cheese. Ate this thing in my car and it alL stayed together. The fries were good too!If you like square pizza you will love Santucci's. I find myself constantly returning to Santucci's when I'm craving scrumptious square pies. The construction, look, and taste may be unique, but it's always delicious. In fact, I've found that those who don't enjoy Santucci's acknowledge its quality, but simply prefer New York, Neapolitan, or Greek style pizza. There is a wide variety of items beyond pizza, but so far I've only had the fries and wings. Both of which I found to be mediocre (hence the four stars). However, in their defense, I have heard the meatball subs and braised short rib sandwiches are great. Bottom line - I'm a fan of Santucci's and would definitely recommend their pizza.My order was 30 late-Okay...I can deal with that! 
When my spaghetti carbonara is dry and I have to keep chewing on pancetta casing...that's a problem! So disappointed!just had two pies from Santucci's, and my best rating really is 2.5 stars.  It's better than Meh.... but not quite A ok either.  First of all, I order two small pies, one with fresh mozzarella, the standard, and one buffalo sauce with grilled chicken.  Both taste good, the dough was super light and fluffy but bland.  And my biggest complaint is that the 12 inch pie is really a 10 inch, I measured.  The box is only 10.5 inches, so you can't very well fit a 12 inch pie in a 10.5 inch box can you?  I was disappointed from the moment I saw the boxes.  I knew they did not look like 12 inches.  Then there's the price.  14 bucks a pie.  I could have had a Roma's for 12 bucks and been much more satisfied.  I doubt I'll be back.I'm pretty surprised to see some negative reviews on this place. I tried it for the first time today after hearing great things, and the pizza did not disappoint. It's definitely not your "traditional" pizza if you're looking for that, but it's great in its own way. The pizza was soft yet crunchy, the sauce was nice and kinda sweet, and it wasn't too cheesy which I liked. I ordered pepperoni and wished they put more on it though...especially since they charge per topping.Made an order for pick up and only waited a few minutes until my order was ready. Most pizza spots don't have a great seating area, but Santucci's seating looks more like a restaurant with clean tables! Will definitely remember to eat in next time. In terms of the pizza, I tried the medium pie with pepperoni and onions. The square pizzas are first layered with cheese, then tomato sauce on top finished off with toppings. The proportion of tomato sauce is greater than the cheese, which I really enjoyed! The crust was crispy along the pie borders. Glad to have a great pizza joint join the Roxborough community!Had takeout for lunch at work and it was fantastic.
The orecchiette with sausage and broccoli rabe was delicious and so was the side caesar. The side salad was a great portion and the creamy caesar was so delicious and garlicy. 
Can't wait to get another pasta dish!Ordered large of The works. Crust was good, sauce could have more flavor, more meat toppings would've been nice.I'd you travel around the world, you'll find all different kinds of pizza. From the toppings, to the sauces, cheeses, and crust, there's a ton of variety. Different people like different styles. Santucci's makes a unique, square style pizza with a lot of sauce, and thick crust. They do an excellent job at executing the type of pizza they want to create. So it's just up to your personal style preferences. If you like square style, then Santucci's is a great place you need to try.I am very disappointed. I spent $50 for a pizza and some lettuce and dressing. They couldn't even get my order right. The buffalo chicken pizza changed, barely edible. Globs of greasy Buffalo sauce and weird chunks of chicken. Cheese was very chewy in the worst of ways. The cheese plain pizza I ordered did not have cheese on it. I got ripped off and am never coming back hereThis restaurant was perfect for an easy BYOB Italian meal. The penne vodka dish was delicious and large. The farmers salad had an excellent balsamic dressing on it.Ordered a plain cheese pizza and ate at the restaurant. The service was good, but the pizza is very mediocre. It tasted vinegary, and the crust was very bland. It's about as good as school cafeteria or Ikea pizza. There is basically zero atmosphere aesthetically. Perhaps their other dishes are more enjoyable, but if you are known for you pizza you should have GOOD pizza, and not market it based solely on it's shape.This pizza is very good and would get a higher rating from me if it wasn't so damn expensive and actually put toppings on the pizza when ordered. 
If you order a normal sausage pizza they pizza they literally put '1' crumble of sausage on each slice.
So if you really want sausage you have to order the extra, extra, extra sausage ... i dont think there's a 4 level of sausage but they way they spread it on there the could use another level and it still wouldn't be enough. So, with all those extras it really adds up fast. 
So... its a good pizza just too expensive with all the extra extra extras to get it to where it ready should be.Pizza was delivered cold, had to heat the oven and throw it in. After reheating... pizza was good, yet overpriced. We also ordered pasta. The pasta was luke warm, after adding parmesan cheese and other seasoning, yes it was good. Exactly what I expect from delivery service 5 minutes from home.The first time I ate here in person, I let it slide that there was a black hair in my salad. I still enjoyed the pizza, though I still think it's overpriced. Yesterday my husband asked for santuccis so I ordered it through grub hub. The pizza was marked as delivered despite not having arrived and didn't end up getting to me for an additional forty minutes AND it was cold. I called grub hub and they claimed it was santuccis drivers. I called santuccis and they told me that it was grub hub's drivers. Regardless of whose fault it was, I was with a cold pizza that was 40 mins late. Santuccis offered to make me another pizza but at this point, we had been waiting for so long that it would be a total waste of food. I asked if we could redeem the pizza at another time and we were told no and that our only other option was to cancel it through grub hub. I called grub hub and they against called santuccis and told me that they refused to take ownership despite it being their driver so while santuccis wouldn't issue a refund, grub hub gave me a gift certificate. What this has told me is that this pizza place doesn't care about customer service and would rather place blame than make sure that their customers are satisfied. They ordered me no acceptable recourse so I will not be ordering here again. There are FAR better pizza options in our area--my favorite of which is Marathon which is cheaper, tastier and with stellar customer service. Total disappointment and it's no wonder why every time I drive by the place is empty.Well, we got delivery of a veggie works personal pizza, a buffalo chicken personal pizza, and an order of garlic parmesan wings. The buffalo chicken pizza wasn't spicy but it was flavorful. The red sauce on the veggie pizza was bland, it didn't have a great tomato flavor, and it didn't seem like there was extra cheese at all. But the veggies were plentiful and fresh. The biggest disappointment was the wings. Tho large and meaty and nice and crispy, the garlic parmesan flavor was totally absent. There was some grated cheese sprinkled on them, and you'd think if you swirled the chicken in the oil on the bottom you might catch some garlicky flavor- but you'd be wrong. I'd been waiting to order from this Santucci's for awhile so this was a bit of a let down.I've been here one other time and I really enjoyed my white pizza and mild wings. I went there tonight and I'm not sure what happened to this place since then. I walked in and I was barely greeted by a young woman working the front. I noticed a sign that said cash only so I asked her and she said no cards but offered the ATM. Old school but okay I can adapt. So I ask to order a Medium pizza. She then informs me that there is no medium pizza anymore. Only small and large. I'm sorry but as a business, you need to update your menu. It was more trouble to order so I just left empty handed. I won't be returning. Too bad because the pizza was pretty good. I really hope they fix their customer service and update their menu.Santucci's is located right off of Ridge Ave. There's plenty of parking and if you can't find street parking, there's a free parking lot about a half-block behind. We usually park there and cut through the lighted alley. I'm not sure if all locations are like this, but its a BYO. I love that Philly has a million BYOs, except I always forget to bring something. Also to note, this located is cash only. There is an ATM on the premises but just bring some cash.
The menu looked delicious. Plenty of pizza options, appetizers, salads, sandwiches, pasta, and some main entrees. I think the special of the day was the Red Snapper. Also, they had quite the dessert menu. I think it had like 9 different desserts from raspberry tortes to chocolate cakes to cannolis. If you know me, you know I love cannolis.
I've been to this location many times and the pizza is always stellar. We typically get the medium or large pizza (big enough for at least 2 full meals for 2 people) and get pepperoni and banana peppers. We've also gotten the sausage which was delicious. 
"The works" pizza was the first one we ever ordered. It's their original square pizza that had pepperoni, sausage, onions, mushrooms, and green peppers. Instead of green peppers, we got banana peppers. The crust was crunchy but soft in the middle. The pizza had a good cheese to topping ratio and the cheese pull was awesome. I didn't care for the calamari. It did come with a sriracha mayo that was pretty tasty, but overall the calamari was subpar. The breading was salty and the texture was slightly rubbery.
The cannoli was huge. The amount of ricotta cream filling was unreal. We got it to-go and it was delicious. There was a ton of chocolate chips that made it super tasty. It had just the right amount of sweetness, creaminess, and chocolate.
The wait staff has been so friendly. We are always seated quickly. It's never particularly busy when we go, usually past dinner time. The wait staff is always attentive and quickly refills the water and brought fresh plates after the appetizer (if we order one).First off let me say I haven't been to Santucci's since it used to be located on Terrace Street.   I didn't remember the pizza blowing me away back then, and this time was no different.  It's not bad by any stretch it's just not my personal preference for a pizza.  It's a square pie with the sauce on top. The sauce isn't sweet, it isn't spicy, it isn't salty...maybe it's garlicky?  
I will say the chicken parm sandwich was good.  It was close to $10 and it came with fries which is a huge added bonus.  
As I was picking up the food I saw the BYO sign inside which would draw me back in the future to taste another couple menu items and dine in.I've ordered from here several times and while I like their food I wont be coming back. I live a few blocks away and when my food is "done" and I leave my house to pick it up it up it always ends up being another 10-25 minutes after I walk in when their website tells me my food is done. This last time I ordered the website told me it was done and they hadn't even started making it yet. I get it sometimes things can be slow but this is every time I orderI have no idea why this place did not get a 5 star rating immediately!  The sauce is perfect, the crust is ridiculously good and I just want more, and more, and more!!!! Come on people!!  Get
On Board!!  I am a faithful Alex's pizza fan in Rox and a Mac n Manco (that's right) fan at the shore.  This pizza...off the charts.  Try it.  You be the judge.Pizza is good, but there is a clear lack of service/effort here. Ordered pickup by phone, was told 20 minutes...arrived 35 minutes later and got 'it'll be a few more minutes" from the chef...because the cashier couldn't be bothered to get off the phone. It is now 45 minutes later and still no pizza. Also there are no other customers here so...?We ordered the works.  Great packaging.  Pretty good crust and sauce.  We could see some sausage, but pepperoni was scarce.  Pizza was better than most, but not great.I love this place. The decoration is so cute, especially the decoration of wine bottles on the wall, but it is a bit deceiving. This place is BYO, they don't serve any alcohol. The staff is friendly and the ambience is nice. I got the square pizza with sauce on top and absolutely loved it. Will definitely be heading over here againI don't really get the hype.. I keep trying it, but I'm thinking I'll have to have it fresh in the restaurant to give a final answer because whenever I have picked it up for family it never really seems that outstanding. Also it's pretty expensive.Went in here and people were not wearing masks. A few weeks later I ordered a meatball sub and all the meatballs were cut in half???? And there was so much room in the roll, it's not like they did that to make it fit. I had ordered through doordash so I didn't bother to call and complain. Very disappointing forI seriously don't get why there are so many bad reviews for this place. I live in walking distance to Santucci's and while I've only ordered pizza for takeout, I've never had any issues. It is cash only and they no longer offer medium pies like their menu states, but don't let those tiny things ruin your opportunity to try some Philly square pizza. 
The inside of Santucci's is rustic looking and its BYOB. Thick crust, square pizza isn't typically my style but this pie is the real deal. The crust is perfect, their sauce is the right amount of sweet, and the small is the perfect portion for 2! The pizza is served with cheese on the bottom and their flavorful sauce on top. If you like pizza with extra sauce, this will be right up your alley. Only negative is that it's slightly pricey, but I'll still be coming to Santucci's for my square pizza fix!Gotta up my rating here based on the sandwiches themselves.  Since Tavern on Ridge closed needed a new go to.  This place fits the bill. $11.88 for a sandwich with fries.  Pretty good price point when some place here charge more than that and don't include the fries.  Gave napkins and ketchup too.  Great presentation .  Delicious Buffalo chicken cheesesteak!  Chunk chicken meat well seasoned.  Fries were medium thickness sprinkled with sea salt...tasty.We ordered a margarita pizza and sweet potato fries through grubhub.  Pizza was crap and the fries were on the thin side and greasy.   We were given a menu with our delivery and saw that we paid about $5 more than if we ordered directly instead of through Grubhub. There's much better and cheaper pizza around Roxborough.I'm guilty to admit that my pizza cravings usually lead to an order from Dominos or Papa Johns. Courtesy of some TV shows, I was feeling adventurous and I came across Santucci's.
Now I've seen these square slices around before and never gave them a second thought - they looked a little...bland? And why was there no cheese?
Please don't make the same mistake and give these a try if you haven't! I got a margarita personal pie, and was floored by how good the sauce on this was. Perfectly tangy, but not too much and it had hints of oregano. The crust holds up well, and has a satisfying crunch to it too! Which seems surprising considering the sauce, but then you remember the cheese is on the base on this style of pizza and it all makes more sense...
If I had to knit-pick, I'd say the mozzarella on the top of the pizza could have more flavour to it, but it still went well with the remaining pizza. I got garlic bread on the side, and that was the only let down of the meal. It seemed just like shredded hoagie bread tossed with some garlic. 
I wouldn't ordinarily give a 5/5 if any aspect of the meal was disappointing, but that's really testament to how much I enjoyed this pizza! This is easily my new go-to pizza joint in the area!I am new to the area and was craving a chicken parm sandwich, when I came across Santucci's. Their prices for sandwiches are very good and even come with a side of fries. The sandwich itself was flavorful and delicious. I may have found my new go to restaurant!I've had plenty of good pizza, bad pizza, and overpriced pizza. Santucci's at 10th & Christian makes good pizza. The prices are fair - nothing outrageous. The toppings I've had are great, but the base pie (tomato, mozz, or white mozz) is just as satisfying. They have a great location and should take advantage of that by continuing to produce a quality product (and correcting any service shortcomings that people here on Yelp have mentioned). While I applaud any business for improving a neighborhood, some South Philly pizzerias are just not in good neighborhoods and anyone from north of South Philly is not going to want to be there.Despite poor service at last visit, I've been back again for take out several times because, frankly, their pizza is so good.  Take out was timely and delicious.  I've heard service has improved and I am working up the courage to return to dine in.  Stay tuned.It's pizza and movie night at our place every Saturday, and Santucci's has become a family favorite -- we love their pizza!  Coming from Chicago where we were big fans of Lou Manalti's, we really like the thicker crust Santucci's offers.  Great taste and the ingredients (sauce, cheese, bread) feel legitimate/authentic.  We get delivery, so I can't say anything about the restaurant dining experience.Stopped in here on a sunny Saturday with my man for some lunch.  Obvi the line at Sabrina's was out the door.  We settled on a medium veggie lovers pizza and a garden salad.  I have to say, the prices here are amazeballs.  Lots of pizza for not a lot of dough.  The salad was also very large.  I should have got the dressing on the side, or light on the dressing, cause it was pretty doused.
The pizza was just okay, unfortunately.  The spinach and broccoli rabe were fully loaded, which made the pizza a bit watery (think of all that water that comes out of spinach when you cook it...).  I thought the cheese was a bit flavorless, too.
I'm bummed I didn't like the pizza here more.  But, of course, how you like your pie is so personal.Website says they deliver to all of Center City, however they won't go above Market Street.... not very honestAWFUL service, mediocre pizza - at best. We were so excited to finally have the Santuccis open, so we ordered pizza at 6PM on a Sunday night. Clearly stated chicken and spinach, and 30 minutes later got green pepper and spinach. Some of the green peppers still had the little pieces of the sticker from the store on them. EW. Called to get the right pizza and an hour and a half later we finally got the right pizza. It was cold. Can't figure that out since the lady on the phone said it was coming straight from the oven. The delivery guy, also apparently the Manager, even had the balls to ask for the original pizza back, and said he wouldn't charge us the difference in price for the chicken.... Um... wasn't it THEIR fault!?! Will never be ordering from here again.Best pizza ever!!! Its great that they deliver to all of South Philly. Blake, who answered the phone, was really helpful with my special requests. Kirby, our delivery driver was right on time, and helped me carry my pizza upstairs, because I had a big order. Its really outstanding employees like this, that make this place a south philly gem!Santucci's serves one of my favorite pizzas in Philadelphia.  The crust is perfection and unlike any other crust in the city. I love the reverse topping style-- baking the cheese into the crust first is really tasty. Then the sauce is added and it is baked again. I loved it.
My husband finds the sauce to be a bit salty for his taste, but I've found that it varies and since the sauce is applied conservatively, the saltiness does not really bother me. 
Great job Santucci's and welcome to my neighborhood!My new favorite pizza. Ordered an extra cheese and a pepperoni and sausage. Both were outstanding. Fast delivery.I had a similar experience to Elise S. -- I called in an order, they told me 20 minutes.  I came 20 minutes later and then waited 30 more minutes for my order.  Sat awkwardly. 
To boot, I had only ordered 2 sandwiches.  One was soggy, the other real just bland tasting.  Not worth a 50 minute wait.  Also no one apologized or even talked to me as I waited.  Just talked on their phones.
Not going back.A group of three including myself visited here in the evening for dinner on Saturday Labor Day weekend, and we were seated to outside table for no wait.
Our waitress seemed pretty friendly and cheerful.
Soon glasses if water were served our table, and oh I should mention that their tables for outside are spacious and kind of cool with printed wood patterns.
Everything we have order was delicious her.
We ordered one square pizza minimum size with bacon and spinach (12inches), Short rib gravy fries with provolone whiz, and Crespelle alla funghi.
Everyone was delicious and perfect amount for sharing with three.
The best one was the fries, I can visit again only for them.
We would totally come back!Celebre's and Marra's, look out! Santucci's is fantastic. Tried the Caesar as well as a large pie with pep and salsicca. Wonderful. Can't wait to go back for stromboli, sandwiches,etc.Made it to Santucci's last evening after returning from Mexico. It was the only place open and we craved a traditional American Burger. Somehow, Santucci's was the only worthwhile place open after 9 within walking distance for us that had a burger. 
The wings were good, as always, but for a place known for their pizza, I was pleasantly surprised with their burger and fries. Maybe it's because I've been chowing down on Mexican and seafood for about 8 days straight but we were both very happy with what we got. 
Service was also great and the server had a great attitude despite us being the only diners there past 9pm (Sorry! We were starving and had no food in the house after our trip!).
Five stars all the way and thanks for not closing down early! We appreciated it!Pizza is really very good, though unlike most others out there.  They have their own unique take -- deep dish and crispy thick-ish crust.
The antipasto plate is not that great.After a decade of living in Philly, Santuccis still remains the only pizza restaurant I recommend in Philadelphia.  They have two locations in center City but this review is for their location on 10th St. (Italian market area)
If you arrive around dinner, don't be surprised if you find it crammed inside or their delivery times at or above one hour waits.  Get it to go and enjoy back at home or at the park around the corner.OFF TO A GREAT START BUT FINISHED POORLY.  I ordered the signature large plain pizza 2 weeks ago.  It's on the small side of what I'm used to eating when ordering a large pizza.  The slices are roughly the size of an Eiilo's frozen pizza.  You get 10 slices in a large pie.  The pizza that was delivered two weeks ago was FANTASTIC!!! Everybody agreed that it was one of the BEST if not the THE BEST PIZZAS we have ever tasted!  UNFORTUNATELY THAT IS NOT THE EXPERIENCE WE HAD THE SECOND TIME AROUND.  We ordered the same pizza, a large square plain pie.  The pizza arrived about 50 minutes from the time it was ordered.  I believed it to be a little long to wait for a plain pizza on a Wednesday night.  As it turned out the pizza agreed with me!!  When I opened the box I was met by a pizza that had dry pizza sauce on top of it as opposed to a wet/fresh pizza sauce that was delivered on our initial order two weeks earlier.   I called the store and spoke to the manager Brett.  He offered to get a fresh pizza out within 15 minutes but would need to pick up the bad pizza.  I told him no thanks as it was getting late and I had other things to do.  Hopefully they can cut that delivery time down to thirty minutes or less.  The jury is still out on this place.  Will the real Santucci's Original Square Pizza ever be delivered to our home again?  We sure hope so, but another experience like our second, and we may just have to opt out for Ellio's frozen pizza.  Ouch!!!Excellent Service, excellent food, overall great experience.
My husband and I got a gift card to this place, decided to stop in last week and both left waaay happier than we expected to. 
It feels like mediocre service nowadays is something to rave about. Most Philly establishments are "too cool to need your business" and people still support them for some reason. But this place had a really old-school Philly feel. As in, they wanted us to enjoy our time and food. The server was pretty young but still handled everything like a pro, and made us feel like she was personally hosting us in her home or something. She was very warm! I got a burger with extra cheese and long hots and my husband got a Stromboli and both were *delish.*  Portions were superb if you're monster-eaters like us & prices were pretty darn good too! 
Its a shame to see the bad reviews because we had such a good time. Not sure what that's about, but I TOTALLY recommend! Yayyyy Santuccis!
*UPDATE* got delivery--they messed up our order, then the girl on the phone lied about it, then i caught her in the lie which was awkward, and then they promptly delivered the correct order and asked us to give them the other back....... laaaame. dissapointing. 
so i would say eat in I guess.Just say yes to Santucci's. 
I've had their traditional pizza (square pizza with sauce on top of the cheese) multiple times for take out. Recently, I saw a reservation available on open table and decided it would be fun to dine in. It's a very small space and tight squeeze. However, I loved getting a glance at everyone else's meals because everything looked phenomenal. The paninis are HUGE served with a heaping mound of fries and the salads & pasta dishes are generously portioned. I toyed with the idea of trying something else, but ultimately couldn't stray from the traditional pie. My friend and I also shared buffalo wings as an appetizer and a cannoli for dessert. 
I will definitely be back to dine in because there are so many other things I want to try, including brunch.  If you haven't tried their pizza yet, you must! Keep in mind they are cash only.Cash only, they have an ATM with a $1 surcharge. The pizza is very clean, and not greasy at all. The dough also has a nice crunch to it. Love how fresh the mozzarella is. Great sauce to cheese ratio. Also enjoy how much crust you get with the square shape of the pizza.I've heard good things about Santucci's so on a busy work day, my co workers & I decided to give it a try. We called & ordered a large pizza, half red, half white & we were told it would be a 45 minute wait. We work in a busy Hair Salon & we all eat lunch whenever we have a free moment so a 45 minute wait was workable for all of us. I can't explain how surprised we were that our pizza arrived 2 and a half hours later after 1 follow up call at the 1 and a half hour point & reassurance that it was on it's way. At that point they could have delivered the best pizza ever created and it would leave a bitter taste in my mouth. What was most disappointing is that we received no apologies & no explanations. We won't be giving them another try.I'm not sure what all the hype is about. You can order a better (Sicilian)!pizza anywhere in south philly for half the price and double the size.
It's okay pizza but I want more than okay when they're charging $15+ on a small pizza.Dear Santuccis.
We are very glad to have you. We hope your stay is comfortable and lengthy. Please let me know if I can do anything to help you in your transition (ok, Ill just keep eating your delicious pizza)
Love, 
South PhiladelphiaSimply amazing! I couldn't love this place anymore. Our usual is antipasti and a pizza...yum! This place gets bonus points for offering byob and outside seating.This is one of my favorite pizza places in Philly, both to eat-in and take out. They make a thick, sauce-on-top square pizza that is delicious. The chicken wings (per my husband), mozzarella sticks, and salads are all good too. Santucci's is cash only, but the prices are beyond reasonable and it's BYOB...so I forgive them!what can i say born and raised in center city/south philly santuccis is the best and the chef bobby makes you feel like you are part of the family.The pizza is unreal but the whole menu they dont miss a trick hey plus free refills of soda too . there the best
mitchell center citySo to begin the delivery stated that it'd be an hour long so I won't use that against the rating because to me if it states an hour it's nobodies fault but yours for continuing your order then complaining about the time. Now the pizza was decent. Not the best but surely not the worst. They don't deliver to hotel rooms so you'd have to go downstairs to get the order which wasn't that serious to me but may be for some. All in all pretty decent. Also I like the idea of putting sauce on top but from someone who used to work at a pizza restaurant it'll be best to have sauce first to be able to spread and to have an even amount on each slice. This pizza had some slices with pools of sauce and some wit none.The works pizza was delicious! Wish I took a picture, but we ate the large in almost one setting and it was just two of us. We got it delivered, it took a little while but it was fresh and hot. Would definitely order again.I was set to have pizza for lunch today. So my boyfriend recommended this place that has really good Sicilian pizza so why not? For starters, we ordered the Caesar salad that came along with bread and we also ordered fried long hots. I was super excited for the fried long hots but was disappointed when it came out. Since it was called fried long hots, I assumed it would be dipped in batter and into the deep fryer but it just came out to be long hots that were roasted on the grill! Probably should change the name for that item so customers like me doesn't get confused. However, the Caesar salad made up for that. It was evenly covered with sauce and the croutons were crunchy, I loved it. Once I demolished that salad, the pizza came out. We both got a personal pizza, one with sausage and one with pepperoni. Nice to try something different with the sauce being on top of the cheese rather than the traditional way. Had a nice crunch to the crust, stringy cheese and yummy toppings. Definitely fulfill my craving for pizza!My boyfriend and I went here one night after work. If I remember correctly it is a byob! We got a Stromboli and a pizza. Could you tell we were hungry? I was more of a fan of the pizza than the Stromboli. The Stromboli was cut up into pizzas so the cheese didn't stay hot and melty. For the pizza they flip the cheese and sauce so you get sauce on top. Their sauce was really super tasty. Our pizza had green peppers and sausage and onions. Service was great and we enjoy a nice night sitting outside. They have entree specials as well. This place is a Philly staple!Don't really understand the hype.  The pizzas are Overpriced and the crust was so bland, cardboard like...
The only this positive was that the crust held its crispness much longer than other pizzas
Ps. Free cookie with check inI have eaten lunch in South Philly for almost 30 years and I must say that Santucci's pizza is one of the best pie's I've had in the city.  Not too thick, not too thin, sauce not too sweet, great fresh toppings - just a top notch pie.  The left overs were taken home and my son devoured them.  All he could say was this pizza is great as he stuffed another mouhful in.  Can't wait for my next visit.Ordered delivery on a Friday night at 9pm. It arrived at 11pm completely burned. We called them within minutes of paying the delivery guy and they said we could WALK IT BACK to the restaurant to get our money back or fresh food, and that was all they could do. Ridiculous standard of quality, ridiculous treatment of customers, and ridiculous to not apologize and make amends for this garbage. Avoid this place.1. Love this pizza. I always order "well done" because I like a crispy crust. The sausage is my favorite. I love a sausage crumble, not a sausage slice, and Santucci's does it to perfection. The sauce is spicy but not overwhelming. And my favorite part is they use limited cheese which eliminates a lot of the grease you normally taste/feel when eating pizza. I have also tried a white pizza with just bacon on it and was very impressed. Good traditional Italian flavors in these square pies. 
2. The rest of the menu is excellent as well. The Granny Smith Apple salad is awesome. Heck, everything looks awesome, but I can only eat so much!
3. The staff is so friendly. Friday and Saturday nights during the rush they still are perky and happy and make sure you get what you want. 
4. It is BYO, who could ask for more.
They also have a wide delivery range that I am just outside of. It is worth it to swing by and pick up a pie. I have now eaten at the one in Manayunk, South Philly, and Northeast on Woodhaven Rd. The one in South Philly is by far the most enjoyable meal as well as having the most variety on the menu.This is our go-to take out pizza place in Philly. Consistently serves quality pizza within the timeframe they tell you.  Cant comment on the rest of the menu much because I enjoy their za so much.We ordered from here for the first time tonight, we live in the area and wanted to try a new pizza place. We ordered the honey wheat square cheese pizza... don't order the honey wheat square cheese pizza. We waited 75 minutes for this delivery, we called a few minutes before to voice our concern of the pizza not being so great at this point but we were assured that it had left the restaurant not long beforehand. Sure enough, we were delivered luke warm pizza that then ended up tasting like a soggy loaf of bread with sauce and cheese on it. I don't think we'll be going back there.The pizza here is tops or as the kids say now "it's the tits." I heard a kid say that last week...I realize I can't pull it off....I'm getting old. A great sweet sauce with a fantastic crust- a thin sicilian that is perfectly crispy and almost buttery. Fanfoogintastic. Although I usually get takeout, my brother and his family was in town and he is a pizza slut so  we stopped in. The waitress was friendly and accommodating to our large group. We had their tomato pie and their special- good mix of meats and vegs and some meatballs. The meat balls were pretty good, they have a slight cinnamon taste to them that's different, but the pizza is the star by far. But we skipped dessert cuz Santucci's is across from Isgro's, and that's a big bag of sucks for the dessert chef at Santuccis's cause I'm probably never going to wrap my fat fingers around any of their desserts  b/c of Isgro's cock blocking.Good food, but I have never had a good experience ordering delivery. For example, right now I am still waiting for pizza and a salad that I ordered an hour and 40 minutes ago! When I called about a half hour ago, the women halfheartedly apologized and said it should be there in a few minutes. Never again!When Santucci's was named among the Best of Philly pizzas, I had high expectations. I was very pleased that the food was delivered piping hot within 30 minutes of ordering. I liked the spiciness of a Sausage and Spinach piizza, but found the flavor of a White Pizza with Chicken to be lacking. The pie was a little too dense and the square shape had too much crust for my liking.Pizza is really, really good!  Don't go here if you are on a diet, crust is irresistible.  The everything pizza is sooooo good.  Definitely good for Philadelphia.Went for lunch today and waited more than one hour for 2 small pizzas that never came.  Watched other tables that arrived after us get their pizza and sandwiches.  I knew service was slow, but this is ridiculous.  When I told manager that we were leaving and that we left money for our drinks, he could've cared less.I think this is one of the most underrated brunch spots in Philly. It's a total delight. The waitresses are lovely and very attentive. The food is wonderful and very reasonably priced. Honestly, I think it would be good for them to actually raise their prices. I love the laid back atmosphere. 
The only issue is that the timing of when the food comes out is not great. On multiple occasions, I've been eating with a group there and there has been a twenty minute gap in between people's orders coming to the table, which is an issue. I wish they would fix this and time everything better, but this is my only complaint.I wish I could give a better review as I do enjoy Santucci's pizza but they simply have terrible customer service and cannot make deliveries in a timely manner. I've had to cancel multiple orders after waiting well over an hour. I called to check on my most recent order after waiting an hour and 15 minutes to be told my pizza "would be the next one out." The woman I spoke with didn't offer any explanation other than they "got busy" and didn't even offer an apology. I don't typically write reviews but their continued issues forced me to start. I will no longer be ordering from Santucci's.Best pizza in Philly..
I moved to the city about one year ago and one of my missions was to find some great pizza.  Santucci's has won me over.  Unfortunately, I do not live within their delivery area but it is well worth the travel for either pick up or dine in.  The last visit for dinner was exceptional.  We had a traditional pizza with sausage and a white pizza with bacon.  I prefer the traditional however the white with bacon was a nice change and a big hit with the kids.  The dining area is a tight fit however the pleasant waitresses and staff quickly make you feel glad you that you came.  Prices are reasonable and when you add in that its BYOB and its a perfect combination.My new go-to for pizza delivery.
The Santucci's "Works" pizza with a mix of veggies.  Real mushrooms!  (For some reason the Philly pizza shops favor the canned variety).  Peppers.  Sausage.  Pepperoni.  Oh so good.
I hate to admit it, but one week I ordered from Santucci's three times.I, Gil M., do hereby agree to uphold and be bound by this review, wherein Santucci's Pizza shall provide me with one or more of the followng:  (1) the best pizza, square or round, that delivers to the area known as my place of residence Graduate Hospital and its surrounding neighborhoods, herein referred to as 'Pizzaland' (2) enormous sandwiches comprising of seeded rolls stuffed with tasty meats and cheeses accompanied by fresh cut fries (3) dangerously addictive garlic bread cheesesteaks that for all purposes should be illegal in 49 US states (the 84 residents of Montana not-considered) (4) expedient delivery times of aforementioned hot-fresh goods within 30 to 40 minutes for an agreed-upon monetary value. In exchange for the opportunity to purchase the aforementioned items at the agreed-upon value, I agree to provide a suitable tip for delivery services and refrain from referring to completion of sale as "making it Santucci Time!" or "when the magic happens."
By submitting this review, I do recognize and affirm that such speech is agreed upon universally as "creepy," especially when so-called "making it Santucci Time!" frequently occurs during weekends and requires pants with elastic waistbands or a muumuu. Despite any romantic or sexual events that may occur during said period, whether or not they are the direct result of Santucci's pizza or other food products, no one needs to know about it unless they have already partaken in such events. In the event that someone inquires directly about the nature of such events during Santucci Time, I will speak to them directly and without childish euphemisms that make me seem like a 15-year-old boy about to make out with a girl for the first time.
Signed,
Gil M.
Yelp Member
Witnessing Notary: 
Timber
Gil M.'s catThis is my favorite place to take friends and family for amazing pizza.  It is also BYOB so it's a great spot to relax and hang out and enjoy great food. We love to come here for a fun Sunday brunch or a Saturday night out.  They take reservations for big groups and never rush you out. We have gotten into the habit of ordering appetizer pizzas and then enjoying Santucci's other great food- we love the farmer's salad and penne alla vodka and they also always have great specials!I was first introduced to Santucci's at the Best of Philly event in July 2014. Their square Sicilian-esque pizza made them one of my favorite vendors. I thought I was about to sample a tomato pie, however at first bite I discovered the delicious mozzarella cheese hidden below a generous layer of sauce. 
Dining partner, myself, and two others came to Santucci's on a Saturday night around 7:30. There were a few open tables and we were seated as we arrived. The four of us enjoyed a medium works pizza and medium cheese pizza. The pizza was better than I remembered. We ordered just enough to fill us and leave no leftovers. Because it's a BYOB we came prepared with two bottles of red, which was the perfect compliment. When we finished the pizza and the wine, the bill arrived and the total for the the evening was only 26 bucks! So cheap and affordable and a great place to eat and drink with friends.Ordered a pepperoni and meatball pizza..  got maybe one piece of pepperoni per slice.. maybe one meatball chopped into hamburg size pieces and spread around.. caesars salad was in a 4x4 little box.. delivery was late.. by an Uber driver.. who couldnt read the address.. so.. pizza was cold.. all in all.. wouldnt order from here again.. disappointing..i saw Santucci's pop up on Yelp delivery not long along and being a fan of square pizza much more so than it's common triangular counterpart, I was all to happy to give this place a try. I got the "Works" pizza and it was at my door in about 45 minutes. It was actually hot when it arrived which was awesome and not something i've come to expect. It had a nice tangy sauce on top and it was really cheesy. The crust was a bit softer and chewier than i'd usually like but we were not disappointed with the flavors. i'm glad they deliver and I'll definitely order again.Just say yes to Santucci's. 
I've had their traditional pizza (square pizza with sauce on top of the cheese) multiple times for take out. Recently, I saw a reservation available on open table and decided it would be fun to dine in. It's a very small space and tight squeeze. However, I loved getting a glance at everyone else's meals because everything looked phenomenal. The paninis are HUGE served with a heaping mound of fries and the salads & pasta dishes are generously portioned. I toyed with the idea of trying something else, but ultimately couldn't stray from the traditional pie. My friend and I also shared buffalo wings as an appetizer and a cannoli for dessert. 
I will definitely be back to dine in because there are so many other things I want to try, including brunch.  If you haven't tried their pizza yet, you must. Keep in mind they are cash only. 
Update: Returned to try the meatball sandwich and it was just as amazing as I expected it to be. Everything about the sandwich was perfect from the seeded bread with melted cheese to the juicy meatballs and what I would assume to be homemade red sauce. The fries were crispy and well seasoned and the sandwich was big enough for 2 portions. I forgot to mention before that the restaurant is BYO!Great tasty, fresh margherita pizza with thick chewy crust. A medium is definitely enough for two appetites and at $12, it's a steal for Philadelphia. 
The outdoor seating let's you get to know the friendly people in the neighborhood. 
Parking isn't bad for the area. 
Definitely coming back to try more.Great pizza (tried both plain cheese and the works), huge sandwiches (the veggie panini was HUGE), and lovely outdoor seating. Servers were busting their butts on our busy Saturday night visit.The best thing about Santucci's is uncompromising consistency. The tomato pie is wonderful...every time. The Caesar salad is simply the best ever....every time. The Carbonara is prepared the same way....every time. Great service (every time) makes this cash only BYO a bi-weekly favorite of mine and my dear friends.The Ultimo Burger is awesome (blue cheese, bacon and fried egg on brioche bun).top quality bread, dough, sauces, meats, and fresh veg on all the food I have had here. I used them to cater several small house parties and was always impressed with quality. Great tasting properly made sandwiches and pizzas. obvious attention to detail. All employees that I interacted with understood what real customer service is. they have my business for life. They do not sacrifice quality for cost and i hope it stays this way. 5 stars.I've never been to the actual location but some friends ordered delivery from here and let me tell you was I pleasantly surprised!! This is high quality artisanal pizza. We got half tomato pie / half sausage it was amazing. I will definitely be ordering from here again!Very nice.  Big portions.  Good pizza, Nutella and banana waffles, and cheese steak.  Our server was also very attentive.  Good job!The sauce and crust of this pizza is pretty magical.  I've never had pizza where it is flip-flopped like it is here, with the cheese on bottom and sauce on the top.  
I've only been here once for a sit-down meal, and it was lunch on a weekend when it wasn't too crowded.  However, every other time I've come in here to pick up food it was been a madhouse!  I'm not sure if they take reservations, but if you want to eat here, have a plan and maybe a pre-dinner snack.
Aside from the pizza, I've also tried their sandwiches which are also pretty good.  The portions are huge, so be prepared to take some home for later.
Oh yes, and I did want to say that despite it always being crowded here, the staff is always so friendly and helpful.  I'm glad they are finally open after walking by here and seeing it develop!Good, fresh pies. Excellent service. I give 4 instead of 5 stars only because their regular cheese pizza could use a bit more cheese and sauce...but if you pay a little extra, they give a more generous heaping of it.I've never actually eaten in the restaurant but we have gotten plenty of delivery. what can I say- I'm in love. we always get the white pizza and roasted red peppers and onions and I am always satisfied.I've been here twice before... what stood out more than the food was the amazing service. The first time I went I ordered the Green apple salad and a square pizza - both of which were pretty decent. This past Sunday when I went I wasn't too happy about my meal. My side Cesar salad was DRENCHED in dressing and the cheese ravioli just wasn't my taste. I have to say though, the olive oil croutons in my salad were probably some of the best I've ever had. I tried a bit of my friend's marinara and it was SO AMAZING! I wish I had ordered another dish there. Maybe next time.I order from here a lot, with minor mess-ups here and there but nothing major.  Tonight will be the last time I EVER order from here. I order a pizza, salad, and fries with cheese.  They forgot my salad and cheese for the fries, I called back to let them know and they said the guy would be right back.  35 minutes goes by and nothing.  So I called them and asked them to just credit me.  The man who answered the phone was very nice, and said they cant do that.  Now 45 minutes goes by, I called and the same, poor kid answers.  He checks with the manager and he says I have to come into night to get refunded my $.  I ordered delivery, clearly I do not want to come in so I asked to speak with the manager.  He gets on the phone extremely annoyed saying, "WHAT..come in and I will refund your $."  I explain I had some wine, and this isn't my mistake, can I come in tomorrow?  He says, "that is not our policy but I will make an exception because I am working tomorrow." Santucci's policy should be to deliver the right food and if they make a mistake, which everyone does...refund the $.  The delivery guy who was very nice comes back an hour later.  This is the best, it is just the cheese for the fries, still no salad.  I am all set with this place, the service, everything.  Stogie Joe's all the time from here on out...this would never happen there and the pizza is just as good, actually the crust is better.  I only order from Santucci's because I like the one salad better which was a moot point tonight.We were going to a sporting event and was looking for a restaurant fairly close. Santuccis on 10th Street was perfect.  We made reservation and were seated right away.  Restaurant was small  and service wasn't the most attentive at first.  She dropped off water, took our order and brought our focaccia but we still didn't have any silverware or napkins.  Then she served our antipasto board and realized we didn't have silverware yet which she immediately brought. From there, everything went beautifully!  Our water glasses were refilled promptly and she even checked back to see if our food was alright.  About our food, antipasto had cured meats (salami, prosciutto), assorted olives, hard cheese, roasted red peppers, long hots, onions and served with focaccia.  Absolutely divine.  Next time we'll bring our wine.  The side of two meatballs were good but wish they were more tender.  The personal 9" pie with sausage was heavenly.  Perfect crust with delicious tomato sauce and just the right amount of cheese.  We will definitely return.I went here last night for a birthday dinner and it was pretty awesome! Pizza was huge and well priced (we got a Sicilian) and the sauce was perfection. Not too much, not too little, and very well seasoned. The crust was very crisp and just the right amount of thickness. 
We also started off with a cesar salad and mannn, the croutons were to die for. Very crunchy (obviously) but well coated with olive oil. Sauce was quite tasty as well. I think it was home made!
Also great that this place is a BYOB. Definitely have to come back again.After another few on time and delicious deliveries from Santuccis, I have to upgrade them to 5 stars! Our go-to pizza delivery...and we have been wanting to try the actual restaurant! Their brunch is supposed to be great!My review shall be fair and balanced.  Not in a Fox News kind of way, but really, truly so.
I have eaten at Santucci's twice, gotten take out once, and had delivery once.  I have tried many things both on and off the menu, and I must say, I love this place.  It's one of my new favorites in Philly, regardless of price.
I don't generally like thicker crust pizzas.  For the most part, my favorite Philly pizza spots sell extremely thin crust pies.  Barbuzzo, Osteria, Zavino, and Slice are on the thin end of the pizza spectrum.  i tend to stay on that end. Thick crusts remind me of my "ignorance is bliss" youth of eating greasy Pizza Hut.  I was a chubby child.
When I first saw a Santucci's square pizza, I wasn't really impressed.  It looked like a tomato pie, as the cheese is placed between the crust and sauce.  meh.  But after my first bite, I was both impressed by  the quality and flavor of the crust, and by the how well the toppings and ratio of the toppings to crust worked.  It's just damn good pizza.  However, there's so much more to Santucci's.  I could go there every day, not get pizza, and be totally happy.  
If you look on the wall of the restaurant, there's a blackboard with the day's specials.  If I recall correctly, their current theme is "fall harvest."  On two occasions, I had the pasta special-  trofie with mushrooms, butternut squash, walnuts, and a couple of cheeses.  Trofie's a toothsome hand made gnocchi type thing, but pretty thin.  It's got some definite texture to it, which caught me off guard.  I wondered whether it was under cooked, but after a few more bites, it made sense.  The texture of the trofie, the earthiness of the mushrooms, the crunch of the occasional walnut, accompanied by the bits of sweet butternut squash is something that I would like to have in my mouth every day.  Really.  
And it gets better.  On my last trip to Santucci's, there was a roasted chicken special:  Half of a roasted, boneless chicken,  sausage and herb bread pudding, broccoli raab.  I've been on a roasted chicken as of late, and wanted to see the chef's take on this simple, but usually disappointing dish.  I was blown away.  It was easily the best chicken dish I've ever had.  The skin was crisp, well seasoned, and perfectly draped the well salted and herbed meat underneath.  Every single bite was juicy and full of flavor.  Even the breast, which I usually avoid in restaurants, was incredibly moist.  The sides were great too, but the chicken was the star.  I will go back for the chicken.  And get this:  it cost $14.  I could eat this meal every day.  
Summary:  Pizza is good, specials are amazing. 
Downsides:  The service isn't exceptional, but it's a pizza place with a young wait staff.  They are more than friendly and perfectly suited to the type of restaurant.  I have had to wait  a bit longer than I would have liked on occasion, but for the quality of food and what you pay for it, I don't care.  If you make me wait, it better be worth it, and it has been, every time.I really can't say enough great things about this place. I've been here for Valentine's Day, with my mom, with a big group of friends...it's always amazing. A fantastic deal--you get so much food! and it's so good! If you eat in, order off the specials board. If you're ordering takeout, get one of the "works" pizzas (I actually like the vegetarian works better than the meat one). BYO, and a nice neighborhood atmosphere.I've been under the weather the past week and my comfort food from childhood has always been pizza. I crave it like a pregnant woman when I'm sick. 
I only ordered takeout but I was very satisfied with the results. I loved the tomato sauce. It tasted homemade. The only negative I'll say is that I wish there was a bit more cheese and slightly more toppings. There was a bit too much crust for me. The balance between all the ingredients were just slightly off.
Finding parking just to pick up a pizza was also a pain. Walk or uber if you can. 
Service from a takeout perspective was nice and polite. No complaints.
Points for: Their pizza, duh.
No negatives.After having Santucci's multiple times in NE-Philly, we were craving it while we happened to be University City ... I knew that a store had opened at 10th and Christian, but hadn't been there yet - we called just to see if by chance they would deliver to Children's Hospital of Philadelphia - where our daughter was for just one more day (Cafeteria food day after day just doesn't cut it!)... It was a Friday night, and while Mapquest calls Santucci's -to- CHOP  a 15-minute-drive -anyone that know Center City traffic, especially on a Friday night knows that its much longer.  
Anyway, we spoke with "Alicia" who not only said they would absolutely deliver us dinner to Children's Hospital, she actually sent an additional FOUR pizzas free of charge for all of the nurses coming on for night-work (needless to say, they were pleasantly surprised and very, very grateful.  CLASS ACT all the way - while we haven't been down to the store's South Philly location yet, we will never forget their generosity - and we'll be sure to visit the next time we stop down that way!This pizza is not a novelty as some reviewers seem to believe. Do not order it because it is square or because the cheese is underneath the sauce. Order this pizza because it is the best pizza in the world. The sauce dances over your pallette like a wild troop of gypsies pirouetting and playing  accordions. It is truly a party--a really great one, not your mom's birthday party-- in your mouth. The texture of the crust is so scintillating that you will inhale the rest of the pie just to get to it that much faster. 
It is not possible for me to eat any less than one whole large pie in one sitting. I prefer pepperoni and sausage on top to compliment the pepper of the sauce. 
Actual delivery time is often faster than the one you are given on the phone. And I do recommend feasting on this stuff AT HOME since you will like it so much that you will forget your manners and start shoveling two pieces at a time down your throat.Ordered pickup because the last time I ordered delivery it took over 90 minutes.  Ordered online, was sent a confirmation saying my food would be ready in 25 minutes, which it was.  The Caesar salad dressing was flat, needed seasoning.  Disappointing.  Our pizza was ice cold, it is mid December and quite cold outside, so they get a pass on that one.  I also ordered buffalo wings which were bone dry and the celery that accompanied the wings was past its prime by quite a bit (brown with slime).  This offshoot of Santucci's is a far cry from the Woodhaven road location, which is insanely good.Called and ordered a cheese pizza for delivery. They took my address and phone number and told me it would be an hour.  One hour goes by, no pizza shows up, so I called and asked about the status. The girl on the phone (the manager??) asked my addess, and then kind of blew me off with her response "yeah, that will be going out now". Another half hour passes- no pizza. I call back again and they ask my address -- then they tell me they've been to the address 2 times. I asked what phone number they had for me-- turns out that the phone number they had written down was totally different then the one I gave them.  They pretty much hung up on me when I told them nevermind on the pizza. Rude and incompetent. I won't be back.I only write reviews when I want a place to stay in business. Santucci's makes one of the best pizzas in Philly. 
It's pizza in the historical sense: truly Italian. It's not like the round greasy pizza you get at most places. It's old-school square.
The ingredients seem high quality, the sauce is excellent, the cheese melds with the crust - and the crust is the perfect texture and thickness.
This is very good pizza.
DELIVERY ARRIVED IN 20 MINUTES!!! They told me on the phone 45min and I don't live around the corner.Am sitting at Santucci's right now....and everything we've ordered is so delicious, I couldn't wait to post a review and share it with everyone....
Santucci's opened less than a week ago but don't be confused by the name....this place is much more than just a pizzeria....real, authentic Italian foods...great, fresh salads, amazing flatbreads, unique sandwiches, a handful of delicious pastas, AND the best pizza I've had in a long time.....top it off with a few adorable, friendly knowledgable waitresses...and it's just a matter of days before you won't be able to get a table here....luckily they deliver to all of south Philly and center city.....Consistently amazing pizza (both delivery and in store). Hands down the best pizza in Philadelphia. Their pepperoni pie never fails me.I had their pizza at the Pizza Olympics event thingy here tonight and the pizza was mehhhhh howeverrrr who were the girls at the booth!? HOT AS HELL, BRO! LIKE OMG LEGIT GORGEOUS. Do hot chicks work at the 10th St pizzeria? Belong in Maxim..... DUUUUDE!Their pizza is good- I treated a few of my friends to pizza at this place. It's right In the Italian Market area. It's a good place to hang out and enjoy a pie with friends and family. The servers are friendly- but don't forget to bring cash! They do not take cards.I ordered a medium pie for delivery which ended up being significantly smaller than I had imagined (ended up having to order more pizza from a different location). The pizza was good (the signature pie), but very saucey. Trust me, I love myself some extra saucey pizza, but it was missing something. The cheese to sauce ratio was totally off. I guess if i would come back again if I was dining in but I'd definitely ask for extra cheese. Nice flavors, but definitely unbalanced.Santucci's hit it! They're pizza is awesome. Staff were very friendly and attentive. This place stays pretty packed. Tonight I had NY Strip and it was perfect! A great feast! Santucci's is becoming one of my regular spots around town to grab a bite. It definitely been my new favorite pizzeria to call when ordering in at night!Visiting Philadelphia for the first time meant we had to use yelp to find a family friendly place to eat. There are tons of highly rated restaurants to choose from and I'm soooooo glad we picked Sarducci's!!! It was the perfect place for my family and the perfect pasta fix!! The BYOB thing was new since we are from CA, but now I know for our next trip to Philly. Our sever was awesome, so nice and helpful. I highly recommend Sarducci's square pizza and the spaghetti too!!