You know, i'm not in love with this place but I sure don't hate it! I really like that they offer veggie beef in their burritos, as much as I pretend to not like "fake meat" - I do, I really do. It fills me up and adds a sort of texture to anything I eat. The burritos here are offered in two sizes, and it's really all i've eaten here besides the chips and salsa. I usually get "beef", black beans, cheese and lettuce. As much as I like avocado, slices are usually a bit $$ much to add to anything. The salsa here is freshly chopped and like all salsa I eat, I usually add lemon juice and salt to it. 
If I don't want to feel like I fell out of a 5th floor building and eat at qdoba, I'd opt for this place. Why is chipotle so far? yet so so close.Haven't been here in years. Ordered 2 chicken tacos and they were ok. Not bad, but not great. I was expecting them on a soft shell, but they came in a hard shell - but I let it go and just ate them, although it would have been nice if they asked my preference. 
The place appeared to be very clean and was operated efficiently - and with a pleasant staff. Will definitely go back if in the hood and need a quick meal - but the real good good authentic taco's are all over south philly these days.This is probably the best burritto in phily...sadly that's not sayin' much. They're like 8 dollars and come in a plethora options. If your vegan the Faux-beef minus cheese is pretty damn tasty but seeing how the last place I lived before here was boston I'm used to bigass burittos and these hardly match up. However like I said these are the best burittos that I've found so far.Recently we decided to have dinner here and I have to tell you that we were quite disappointed.  
I had the chicken quesadilla and it was so bad that I had to throw it away.   It was bland, boring, and just plain awful.  It sat like a brick in my stomach (what little I ate).  
My friend had the california chicken burrito and his was equally bad.  
Overall - SKIP THIS PLACE.  
Cheap but not tasty.Love love this place. Huge burritos, so yummy. I usually get tofu but got a shrimp one this time. So good! My daughter ate her whole burrito, and they even were happy to customize it for us since we are a bit picky. Loved it, can't wait to be back in the area to get it again. And love te bottled Coke ;)I was in Philly a few weeks ago and I didn't go to Santa Fe because I thought it was closed, but I see that their website is still operational and they are accepting orders online. I think they are still open. Halleloo!Passed by this place many times. One day some great smells were emanating, so I decided to finally check it out. So glad I did. This is now my go-to place for an exceptional burrito.
Food always fresh and tasty. Wait usually under 5 minutes(although I usually go off-peak; like after 3:00) My favorite is the black bean & cheese burrito w/ guacamole in a w.w. tortilla. Hot sauce on the side(pretty much an adobo-chipotle base). For about $9 I'm full and satisfied.
Never tried any meat or other burritos; so I can't vouch for them. Their tortilla chips are pretty bad; I would skip them. Once had some kind of veggie burrito that sucked; but that was from their location @Liberty Shops which no longer exists.i am uncomfortably full...of creeping suspicions that what i just scarfed may have been vegan. 
it was a delicious "totally veggie" burrito full of fresh ingredients, flavorful (balsamic?) dressing, brown rice and a whole-wheat wrap. this is the kind of fast food that you don't immediately regret eating, and i love that. minus one star for being a little bit overpriced, but overall: thumbs up.Bad food, decent service. Too bad...their location's good...perfect for a fast lunch in the middle of a workday...but their food's  not good.Sort of a more expensive taco bell but with much friendlier staff. I've given it a few chances and I am going to just have to say "eh, had better" It is fine for a quick bite but there are few places just down the street that I like better. Quick but a little pricey for the quality. Won't say stay away but again I am not raving. Meh. I've experienced better.There aren't many places good enough that I have cravings for their food, but this is one of them. I have no idea what these other reviewers are talking about. Santa Fe Burrito is not your typical suit and tie high class establishment. You order at a counter, take your food, get your own drink, and sit down with it. However, they make the best burrito I've ever had! Everything is FRESH and cooked on request right in front of you. I have never been treated rudely or had a bad experience here. The place is very quick so I could understand the staff being annoyed if you stand at the counter undecided. If you grab a menu or have your ideal burrito in mind, and let the staff know all at once when you order you will have a great experience.Sante Fe Burrito, the good ole standy I say as burritos go in the city.  I usually get the california chicken which is really good.  Some of the burritos are more like wraps but I dont know cause I havent gotten them.  If you are on a budget, the black bean burrito is pretty excellent.stumbled upon this place after finding out that saladworks closed at 5pm on a weekday (uh, really? arent we in a city?)...
in any case, i was delighted to see that they have a special little "vegetarian burrito" section on the menu, complete with faux beef, tofu, or veggie burger ingredients. bonus for me, the bean queen: they have refried beans! all too often when i visit other on-the-go-burrito establishments (e.g. currito, chipotle) the options consist of black or pinto beans. this alone takes the place from a 3.5 star to a 4 star. i must go back and try other menu items such as the guac, vegetarian platter, and mini vegetarian burrito.I will stay away from this place.
Only reason we decided to try this place was due to the $10 for $20 groupon.
I ordered a vege. burrito and my wife ordered a "Fajita Burger".  
My burrito was missing Guac. though I paid EXTRA for it!! My wife's burget fajita was absolutely tasteless. Service was OK, nothing major. During the lunch time, this place was empty and quiet which shows me the need for the Groupon promotion.
We went there for the first time and if the first impression is really the last impression then I dont think we will be going  back to this place. They are in competition with Chipotle and Qdoba (like it or not) and will be compared against them. 
They need to improve their food, service, ambiance etc. if they really want to stand against the tough competition. I let them know this exact feedback as well.A nice alternative to Qdoba up the street, I am a sucker for the "taco salad" (not in a typical taco bowl, but over nachos).  I have seen more than a few customers turned off by the blonde counter person, who could be a bit friendlier, but isn't bad enough to turn me off of the food.  Good prices, fresh, great for lunch take out.My "chicken & cheese burrito" was really a crappy wrap.  It had fried chicken fingers, iceberg lettuce, and tomato wrapped in a flour tortilla.  Blechh!  The nachos had a tomato paste-y sauce and chips that looked suspiciously like Tostitos.I just decided to stop in here after seeing it a few times, and man was I glad! 
Passing by, Santa Fe Burrito looks like a "hole in the wall" type if place, which many know can be very hit or miss...this made me wary of trying it, but finally I decided to man up and try it.
After glancing over the menu, I saw the words "fajita burrito" and just knew I had to try it. The burrito was so good, I ate it all in like 5 minutes (probably not the smartest idea)! The burrito had sauteed chicken, peppers, onions, guac, rice, and this really good chipotle sour cream in it. 
Probably the only downside to the burrito was there did not seem to be any salsa in it. I'm not sure if this was because of the particular burrito I got or just a general theme here, but I think it would have been kicked up a notch if there was some salsa in it.
A couple tips: get the mini sized burrito unless you are ABSOLUTELY starving (take my word for it), and don't go in there expecting any meat other than chicken...My friend wanted a good burrito and had seen Santa Fe a few times, so she talked us into going there. When we first walked in, it seemed ok. But, then we went to order and the woman behind the counter was as unfriendly as they come. We ordered three different orders, and each one was as rude as the next. One of us requested hot sauce, and it was thrust into his hands with no expression or comment. When the orders were ready, ms. unfriendly barks it across the restaurant and if you don't rush to the counter, she shouts out, 'miss! miss!'
The restaurant was not very nice (our booth was broken on both sides..) and the food was mediocre at best (the guacamole was the only notable item).
If you want a burrito, you would have a much better, and delicious experience at El Fuego or even Qdoba.Decent burrito. I like that they take pride in being a family-owned business. I wish they had hot sauce on the table. I ordered my Very Veggie burrito spicy, and it was not... at all. Also, I found it pretty weird that there were sprouts in the burrito. I understand that it's a veggie burrito, but warmed alfalfa sprouts a good burrito do not make. The guac was pretty bland as well -- it could have used a dose more lime, chili powder, salt, cilantro, or any combination thereof. If I go back, I'll be sure to order extra extra extra spicy and ask them to hold the sprouts.I love their burritos. The Chili Con Pollo burrito is my go-to. I had been going to the Wynnewood location for the past couple years and decided to stop by the 11th Street location to try it out. The inside is cozy and well kept. However...
The staff were sort of rude. The girl at the counter took my order as if I were bothering her. And I was charged over $20 for two little burritos and two sodas to go and nothing else. It was pretty ridiculous. I wanted to argue the price but was to hungry to care at that point. 
I'm not sure if I'll go back to this location again. The Wynnewood location owns my heart. 
3 Stars just because the burrito rocked.Another crappy "Mexican" place.
I got a burrito and an order of chips. The chips were definitely not homemade, and not even great storebought chips. They had a weird afterttaste that stuck with me for a while. Not to mention it was like eating little corn sombreros/tough texture. The salsa was bland, bland, and bland. The burrito wasn't that much better. The rice hadn't been cooked, the beans were mushy and the meat was pretty tasteless.
I'd rather(and should have) go to Qdoba just up the street.I"m going to miss this place!  My favorite was the California Burrito with sprouts.  It was great for a quick and satisfying lunch.  So sad to see that its gone now.Pretty good burritos, if a bit too slick and fast foody for my tastes...could be more flavorful, but I've had worse.I like this place!  Don't get shrimp here, though  You crazy?  The guy working there (is he the owner?) could be friendlier - his business would improve.I really love this place. The burritos are cheaper AND fresher than Qdoba, and they even have a "mini" size for just $4.99 if the regular size proves too overwhelming (or you just have problems with self-control.)
My favorite burrito is the California chicken -- rice, salsa, chicken, guac, cucumbers, tomatoes, green peppers and sour cream -- although I've tried pretty much the entire menu, and have yet to be disappointed. The chicken and cheese is great if you're not big on rice...and the turkey burger burrito is basically a burger, served tex-mex style. Mmmm. There's also a substantial veggie menu, with treats like the spicy Middle eastern burrito, complete with jalepeno hummus and salsa negra. yum!
The decor is simple and a little funky...a small counter with bar stools, smattering of booths in the back, colorful collages on the wall and a small TV mounted on the wall. I'll walk all the way from Old City to grab lunch in this joint -- a testament to its affordability and deliciousness.Alright so I am a Latino who just moved out from So Cal and have been looking for a place that has some good burritos. I went to about 3 "Mexican" places and they were all horrible.  I don't know where all the bad reviews are coming from but this place is actually pretty good and the closest I have had to the Mexican food out in California.  I had the adobo shrimp burrito which had a lot of flavor.  
I didn't realize until after I had my burrito but if you show them your student ID you get a free drink with any regular burrito so you could get a good meal with a drink for around $7.  I will be trying the other burritos and hope that my food wasn't just a fluke.Not the greatest, but fine for the money.  Go with the Pollo Adovado and don't do anything too adventurous - I would stick with protein and cheese.  Maybe some tomatoes.  The rest is certainly questionable.
The staff is indifferent.  I would normally call them sassy, but it's a burrito place.  Ya know?What the heck happened?
While they've never been authentic Mexican, they've never pretended to be.  What Santa Fe had going for it was options - flavors and fillings.  You want a cheeseburger burrito?  Check.  A tofu burrito? Check.  Chicken mole? Check check.  The last couple of times I've gone, though, the burritos have been fairly bland and didn't really taste all that different, in spite of the fact that they had different fillings *and* different sauces.  Everything now tastes fairly bland -- almost watered down, as if they're trying to make their sauces go further.
It used to be more like its Wynnewood cousin, but now it's just lost some of its pizzaz.  I want to support the "little guy" but if it's not as good as its larger peers?Sante Fe Burrito is a chain. I didn't know that until I looked up the address to add this entry here into Yelp. That speaks highly of it, because it doesn't feel like a chain. Which is not to say that it is hugely original: the decor is typical Spanish/California burrito place style - mosaic tiled artwork and lots of colors. What is great about the interior is that it is fairly large with spacious booth seating as opposed to the rickety tables/chairs combo you find at many similar places.
What's great about Sante Fe is that it has a huge plethora of choices within the burrito category. Today I had the chicken chili burrito which was a delicious deviation - who would have thought to literally put chili in a burrito? Well, obviously THEY did but..um..anyway ;)
They have lots of veggie and tofu options and everything is generally very flavorful though I must admit they are a bit stingy on the condiments (IE: salsa, sour cream, guacamole etc...) Also the bathrooms (at least the men's) is a pigsty and the hot water has never worked when I've gone in.
But on the whole this is a great little place out of the way of the hustle and at around $6-8 per person you should check it out for lunch!They have an interesting and expansive menu. I don't think I'd ever seen tofu on a menu for a Mexican restaurant before. They have a lot of stuff for the veggies out there. As for meat, it's just chicken...but it's good chicken.
I highly recommend the high test nachos. They're delicious, plus they serve the chips on the side which is really smart since you know they'll just end up soggy. 
Delivery is super fast. Like 20 minutes.The other day I changed up my normal lunch walk and decided to stop into Sante Fe Burrito. I've been here years ago before the rise of Chipotle and Qdoba. While I enjoy Qdoba and tolerate Chipotle. I love Santa Fe Burrito. Why? The food is fresh and the portions are good. I am not a fan of a burrito that is filled with just rice. I like a mix of ingredients and Sante Fe does that. As some is coming I will be taking more walks to Sante Fe Burrito.First time trying this place,  the burritos were pretty good and their chips n guacamole were excellent.   Only down side was that the burrito could have been a little warmer and I wasn't sure y there was no bottles of hot sauce on tables or counter.  Otherwise a good spot for Mexican,  cheers.I don't understand the poor reviews here!  First of all - this isn't a gourmet $10 per burrito place so you have to adjust your expectations accordingly.  Even so, everything I've ever had from Santa Fe Burrito has been fantastic.  Their staff are friendly, kind, and helpful (they're always willing to throw in some extra tortilla chips or sauces), and the prices are perfect for a cheap local lunch.
You can't beat a hot, spicy container of black bean chili for less than $4.  They offer whole wheat tortillas for any burrito, and will add their delicious signature hot sauce or sauteed veggies to any wrap you want.  They've never masqueraded as truly "authentic Mexican" - they've always sold nontraditional burritos like the veggie burger burrito or the American burrito, but they're worth the trip nonetheless.  
Plus, they participate in the U.S. Airways milage program, so if you register your cards with the program and eat lunch at Santa Fe, you earn flyer miles for every dollar you spend!I like what they're doing with the burrito! It's not typical Mexican and that makes me want to try almost everything. So far, I've been through almost all the vegetarian options (over a period of time) and I am very pleased. It's quick, yummy and I like to think that it is a better alternative than Qdoba. I really appreciate that they offer burritos in 2 sizes - regular and mini.This place is the answer to my Qdoba qdoldrums! I had a delicious Pollo Adovado burrito, and it was served with chips. Food was awesome: truly spicy, with a much more authentic taste than the regular chains. Since food is the primary concern, I will probably become a regular.
That said, the rest of the place needs improvement. The menu is arranged hilariously all over the place - you will learn that you can get your burrito sans tortilla or see photos of their offerings *after* you have passed the cashier. And as I tried to make sense of it, the register-woman was a bit icy. Also, the flat-screen TV is awkwardly placed so that about two seats in the whole place can see it.
In the end though, definitely the superior choice to the Qdoba around the corner!I was not very impressed with my meal here the other night. I got takeout with the guacamole starter, a side of sante fe rice and the adobo shrimp burrito. The guacamole reminded me of what you find at the supermarket, just mass produced. No real chunks of avocado to be found, just a consistent creamy texture. It was missing lime and cilantro and the chips it came with were overly salty. The sante fe rice was pretty boring and too dried out but that might have been from taking it home. I did enjoy my burrito but it was not spicy like the three peppers suggested and was overall comparable to chains like chipolte or qdoba which was disappointing for $8.
I don't think I will be returning here with all the other better Mexican places in the area.The food is excellent, all the time, without fail.  Service is quick and the Russian cashiers are sexy, tip well!  Not much room to maneuver inside so get it to go, stroller unfriendly.Located in the Liberty Place Foodcourt, this place is pretty good.  The menu is quite busy.  I didn't even really notice that it was a menu of like 20 burrito pictures till after i ordered a tame chicken fajita burrito.  I love that they offer steamed vegetables as a side.  That's makes me feel ever-so-slightly healthier.The chips were stale, and the burrito sauce had too much vinegar. I had a tofu burrito, and the tofu was barely cooked. I threw out most of it. My wife had the faux beef burrito. Also equally bad. Stay far away if you know what's best for you.Philadelphia is desperate for a decent burrito place, but this was about as good as it got, at least a few years ago.  It was pretty consistent and a good value.Got the California Chicken Burrito. The girl who took the order was very friendly and helpful in making choices. 
It included cucumbers, chicken, Guac, peppers, rice, and salsa on a while wheat wrap.
Pretty good, but I did not love the Chipotle sour cream sauce. Luckily I got it on the side, so it didn't ruin the burrito.
I think their Burritos are not as delicious as Chipotle, but way better than the Qdoba around the corner. I would go back here to try another variety.Since starting work in a nearby office, I've had two burritos here. 
1) Naked chicken mole
2) Naked shrimp adobo
I don't know how you make a bland mole sauce, but they found a way. 
As for the shrimp adobo, they use these shrimp that are so tiny, you'd think they were little seahorses from a kid's aquarium.  The adobo sauce was passable. 
Counter personnel [both orders were takeout] are friendly enough. 
I can't think of a reason for going out of your way to go here; I think I'm done with 'em for a while.Santa Fe Burrito falls under the category of lots of burrito places -- all over the place, and not just exclusive to Philly.  It's not really Mexican food.  It's an Americanized, homogenized version of the concept of 'burrito'.  The fact that they cater to college students doesn't do much to sway them towards the side of authenticity either.
That being stated, I visit them now and again because they do make okay tasting food at a reasonable enough price.  I also like that they are a non-corporate option unlike neighboring Qdoba.
THINGS I LIKE ABOUT THEM:
    -  You can choose between a small or regular size burrito.
    -  I like the layout of the seating area, specifically the elevated back area.
    -  The television (flat screen -- nice!) often plays CNN.
    -  There is a large variety of options to choose from.
    -  They have a daily special burrito and small soda option for $4.99.
THINGS I DO NOT LIKE ABOUT THEM:
    -  They never give you enough tortilla chips with your burrito, and they are sometimes kind of stale.
    -  The burritos are generally kind of bland in taste.
    -  The daily special burrito is a small size.
NOTE:  The bathroom is ridiculously tiny.  I love it because it's like playing a real life game of Tetris.  If you're a bit on the corpulent side, be forewarned!If this really was one of the top burrito places in Philly that'd be sad. That said I am often around here and getting the mini special is a pretty good deal. It's a nice way to get variety, a soda, and pretty good chips.
Otherwise though, it's overpriced for average burritos that are pretty small.Decent burritos at a good price. They use veg. re-fried beans and have whole wheat wraps. The mini of the day is a smash at 4.99 w/ a soda. I like it better than the other chain places around, you get a lot more ingredients in your burrito. The other places use a lot of rice to make you think there burrito is tops. 
Fav burrito is the black bean, rice, cheese, and sour cream jawn. Also try the chicken mole.
word.GROSS
Stale chips
Serious seasoning issues
Mushy
Never going back again
I wish I had been a tacky bitch and demanded my money backThis place was disappointing.  My adobo shrimp burrito was far from satisfying.  The shrimp had no flavor, and there wasn't much in there but dry, overcooked rice.  Chips were no bueno.  My roomate's chicken and cheese was no better.  Go to el fuego.  You can get a bomb ass burrito or 3-4 tacos for the same $7.  Beers burritos and futbol go so well together.Fresh and delish! There are always groupon now coupons available that make this place quite a gem! My favorite is the California Chicken burrito! Personally I get the minis because the regular is HUGE!!! My second FAV is the spicy shrimp adobo! YUM!! 
WINNER WINNER BURRITO DINNER!!!I had stayed away from SF Burrito due to negative reviews however a $20 for $10 Groupon seemed too good to pass up. So after the gym Saturday I decided to swing through for lunch and I'm really glad I did.
I ordered a chicken mole full size burrito and it was made fresh in like thirty seconds. It was big but not huge and perfect on it's own for lunch. The ingredients were fresh and crisp and the flavor was good. I would give the burrito a solid 3 stars. 
The service was extremely friendly and when I was finished the chef asked me how I liked the mole (which was sweet but not too sweet and may have had some coffee in it, very good). I left feeling satisfied and happy so for the experience as a whole I decided to throw on an extra star.
They added a buffalo chicken burrito that has blue cheese instead of sour cream, I plan on going back soon to try this dream fusion out.Ehhhhhhh.  Yeah, I dunno about this "Best Burrito in Philadelphia" business that they have posted up on the wall.  I don't know about all that mess.  Not that I had a burrito, but they actually offer a burrito with hummus in it.  I mean, I love hummus, but don't call it a burrito filling, cuz it ain't.  
I went for the chicken quesadilla, mainly because it comes with two of the loves of my life, sour cream and guacamole.  Sorry, dudes, but the guac was weak, and I'm pretty sure the sour cream was mostly cream cheese.  Which has it's place, but not on my damn quesadilla.  Also, the quesadilla was wayyyyy not greasy enough.  Not only did it not taste like mexican food, but I felt myself become whiter with each bite.  It was like a WASPadilla.  I should have had it while wearing pearls and drinking a martini with a stick up my ass.  
That said, I'm a whore for any (pale) imitation of mexican, and I would probably try a burrito despite my better judgment just because I dare to dream that greasy mexican will be mine again!If you have had authentic Mexican food, then don't waste your time going here. However, if you are looking for a tex mex place, then it is comparable to Qdoba. The mole sauce is not tasty. Also, plan to have tude served with your food. I felt like I was bending the lady's arm back just for hot sauce.Actual visit was on 7/18/12.   The #10 chicken burrito was good. I liked that you had access to diy refills.I h.a.t.e. b.u.r.r.i.t.o.s.!!!!!!  That being said.. I LIKE the burritos at Santa Fe!!!! LOL  I've read some of the reviews before mine, and I see that  some people don't consider these to be "real burritos".  Okay....that's FINE by ME!!!! LOL
I only agreed to go here, because my bf liked this place and I decided to try my hand at "compromising!' LOL  I've had the Chicken Mole and the Adobo Shrimp.  Not bad.The California chicken burrito wasn't that great, even though it is supposed to be the best item on the menu(as told to us by a staff member). 
The atmosphere was cool, but it was just too expensive with smallish portion sizes.Santa Fe has the best vegetraian burritos in Philadelphia.  I've tried both the Santa Fe Tofu and the Middle Eastern (with Jalapeno hummus.)  While both were outstanding, I would have to say the Santa Fe Tofu was my favorite.  It's also great that they have LevelUp and Lokality.  The menu also doesn't mention if any of their items are vegan.
The only drawback is in the age for enormous burritos, theirs are on the smaller side.  But Santa Fe Burritos are muy delicioso!No Más Sante Fe Burrito. =(   It's disappointing that this location is closed.  They had the best tofu burrito in Philadelphia. I certain will miss their Jalapeno hummus.Not bad burritos but definitely not the best.  There is a variety of different tastes to choose from so that's pretty good.  The quesadillas aren't too bad either.  You get served pretty fast and the burritos are semi-healthy if you check the nutrition on them.
Not a bad value at all.  And definitely specify what size (mini or regular) and what pita (wheat or white) you want, but they usually ask, so that's ok.The burritos at this joint are a little hefty in price but they're always delicious, the menu has a great deal of variety and the staff at this place is always friendly :) They also accept FastPass for Jeff employees which was a plus for me. There's usually open spots to sit at inside the restaurant and it's nice that the staff brings the food to you with tortilla chips and a little DumDum lollipop (yes, I don't get it either but it's a nice touch). I definitely recommend this place.If i had written this review based on my previous experiences, i would have given less stars. But i went back today with a different approach and was so pleasantly surprised.
I like my burritos with grilled steak on them. Since that was not an option at Santa Fe, i used to try to eat the chicken. Bleck! It was always so bland and dry. I thought that they were trying too hard to be extra "healthy".
But then i perused the menu when i was feeling lunch-ish today and realized that their animal products probably arent their strength. Maybe i should stick to basics. So i ordered a refried bean burrito that had cheese, lettuce, pico, sour cream, guac, and asked for it spicy. This was a real winner! I realized that i had just basically ordered a Taco Bell 7-Layer Burrito (which i used to consume regularly in college), which tickled me. 
The beans are tasty, the salsa and guac are both fresh and distinct and delicious. There wasnt too much or too little cheese. The spicy paste stuff kinda threw me off at first, but it complimented everything nicely and just kicked the spice level up enough to notice it. 
I will definitely add Santa Fe Burrito to my lunch rotation, but i am still avoiding the animal protein there to prevent future disappointment.My latina friend from the West Coast claimed this is the best burrito she's had outside of California. Sadly, the Gayborhood location has closed as of last week -- this was my favorite on-the-go food: healthy, spicy, fast and friendly. Oh Sante Fe, why didn't I sing your praises sooner? You will be missed...The food is so forgettable I can't even remember what I had, I believe it was some kind of chicken burrito. It was also spendy for what it was. Would never go back. Not really worth any more of my time describing the experience.Wow, that was one of the worst burritos I've ever had. Stale tortilla, tasteless ingredients, not fresh, no salsa anywhere. Why anyone would go here with Qdobo just around the corner is beyond me. Will never be back.Delicious! Had many vegetarian options and the food was prepared quickly. Took one star off because the cashier/waitress had somewhat of an attitude. 
Pros:
- delicious food
- good prices
- vegetarian options
- clean dining area and bathroom
Cons:
- food could be presented a little better
- checked out cashierJust ran here for a quick take out lunch.  This place serves up quick, tasty food in no time at all.  I got the red beans & cheese burrito bowl with chicken and its pretty damn good... and all in five minutes.  The staff members were polite-complete with smiles.  Wow!  It seems like such a small thing to ask for, but the more and more I go out the less and less smiles I see.  Boo to that.
I'll definitely go back.I love this place.  I have never had to wait long, so I don't bother to call ahead.  There are some non-traditional burritos here, but I prefer the more standard fare.  If I want something different, I get the faux beef burrito.  With all of the seasonings, you don't realize it's not real beef.  It's very healthy, too.  I also love the smoky salsa and the nachos with black beans and chicken.  The guac is smooth and creamy, too!  YUM!Pollo adavado is AMAZING. Great vegetarian options too.Beware: I am a Chipotle girl.
But when I heard about Santa Fe Burrito, I was like: wait, there's not just Qdoba around here?
But there it was!!!  The first item I ever ordered at Santa Fe Burrito was the Chicken Fajita burrito. Mini size to accommodate a small 5'1" me :-) a few things:
1. Guacamole is a must-have!
2. Have as much veggies as possible because you can! 
3. The chicken was made with love, I just know it! It's as fresh as it gets.
Sit-in and enjoy the atmosphere if you're not so much in a hurry! You get a lollipop and chips with your burrito only if you sit-in (I assume). 
Don't forget, though, that you are eating a burrito...so it's not like you can just sleep right after the meal. Work it off by walking along the streets of Center City. The stomach will be extra happy :-)I am not going to take a star away for this but it just needs to be said.
I am from Santa Fe. Yes Santa Fe, NM born and raised. I first moved to the east coast(Boston) 3 years ago and gave up on finding good Mexican food. I just moved to Philly and saw Santa Fe Burrito, although it is totally delicious (see my review below) it is NOT a Santa Fe Burrito. The Santa Fe (New Mexico) Burrito is unique and is not "Mexican" food it is completely original and is "New Mexican" food. It has Hatch New Mexican Green Chiles in it and is not hand held, it comes on plate with cheese and chile (actual chile, not salsa) smothered on top all gooey and melted an awesome, on the same plate you get Spanish rice and posole(another New Mexican thing).
The Santa Fe (Philly) Burrito is more like the San Fransisco Mission style burrito (like chipotle etc.) Not the same thing. The name does not ring true.
However....
It is a yummy yummy burrito and I am a FANN!!!! Yummy Mexican food in the heart of Philly.
Go eat their burrito stat!I just had THE WORST experience here.  
I purchased the Groupon a few weeks ago and was pretty excited to try this place for the first time - esp as I welcome any new taco salad that comes my way.  My feelings quickly turned for the worst when I ordered and presented my printed Groupon and the woman behind the cashier takes out her huge paper list that is apparently their technologically advanced way to track Groupon redemptions - who even keeps a paper list?  Aren't Groupon's tracked electronically by scanning a bar code?  She then proceeds to tell me that this Groupon has already been used.  I was shocked, both to think that their manual system of crossing off a line on their huge paper list could lead to human error, and for the fact that I was just accused of stealing a Groupon.  (who does that??)
The woman then unapologetically says she will have to call her manager, however, before she does that, she leaves me mid-transaction holding my wallet out, to TAKE CARE OF ANOTHER CUSTOMER!!  Treating me as if I am honestly stealing and not worthy of her time.  I was so so appalled and disgusted by the terrible service I received - bc - wait for it - I was not actually stealing the Groupon.  I quickly double-checked my iPhone app and believe it or not, it still showed my Groupon here as UNUSED.  Some worker's error at not surprisingly mistakenly crossing off a single-spaced line on a print out in error has cost them a customer.  Too bad too, bc the salad was pretty good, the chicken in it even better.We got a pair of burritos and the Sante Fe rice and red beans as take-out for dinner. The burritos were chock-full of chicken and other tasty ingredients. My wife opted for the Chicken and Cheese burrito while I chose the California Chicken (guacamole, and veggies including cucumbers and green peppers) on a whole wheat wrap. The rice and beans was OK as a side but nothing to rave about. 
The counter person was very friendly and the food was fresh and served-up quickly (their motto is "fresh and fast"). We used a discount voucher which made it a very good value. 
I was surprised to find that the only choices of burritos were chicken, turkey or veggie (no beef or pork). Overall it was a nice change from take-out pizza or cheesesteaks and I'll be going back again when the urge for mexican strikes.Good burritos that def hit the spot. The california chicken and chicken mole are favs - just make sure to leave the cucumbers off of the california chicken - weird consistency in a burrito.I thought this place was decent... the food was pretty good.  It didn't feel very authentic but it's a good place to grab a quick bite on your lunch break - they get you out the door pretty quickly.  It's more of a take-out spot.
I like that you have the option of getting a 'regular' or 'mini' sized burrito... options are always good.  My food was fresh and made to order.
I wouldn't be against going back but it won't be the first on my list for when I want a good burrito.Good spot, quick and close by.  The mini size is great if you don't want to pig it up and I am a fan of the fish tacos!  The California Chicken (?) is great with sprouts and cucumbers.
But why, with to go orders, don't they give chips?  Just throw a few in the bag.  (They always do when I ask, but why must I ask?)  The chips they use are pretty good too.Love the Quesadillas from here. I get mine with jalapeños. The jalapeños are super fresh and crunchy and have a perfect amount of kick. I get chicken added as well. I'm not a guacamole fan so I usually ask them to keep it in exchange for extra sour cream. 
Down side: even though I order well in advance I always wait to get my food when there, the only upside to that is its always hot. The one lady there always seems short and rushed.