A really great joint. I'm going 4 instead of 5 stars cause ordering and waiting can be a pain, especially on nice days, but I don't blame them for that. Just a warning. Great crusty bread and attention to detail. Watch the line (no cutting!) and listen for your name, cause if you miss out, your sandwich could sit there a while.
Oh, and "outdoor seating" constitutes two small tables, FYI.As you walk into Sarconne's deli there is a sign that reads, "its all about the bread"!  Yes, and I would agree 110%.  And the bread used in our hoagies was stale, hard and dry.  So, as it all about the bread, the hoagie was all about 'not good'.  I would say the meats and cheese used were tasty and of good quality,  but if you almost break a tooth biting into the roll, it kind of diminishes the overall experience.
Add to that they are not overly friendly, and I will say, there are plenty of other, better, nicer places in which to partake this Philly tradition.  Press on.....I haven't been here in a while, and we stopped in yesterday and shared a Sonny's Jr hoagie. The hoagie wasn't as good as I remember. It came with balsamic vinegar, and it was overloaded with it. It soaked the whole way through the roll in fact. The roll was as good as I remembered though. I would stop back again if I were in the area, and try a different hoagie.I'm not a meat eater, but when my out-of-town from Indiana family requested a tour of the Italian side of Philadelphia, and a "real" cheesesteak or hoagie, I didn't take them to the overblown Pat's or Geno's. I took them to this classic hole-in-the-wall with the real Sarcone's bread, which everyone knows is what makes a Philly sandwich a Philly sandwich. It's tiny, ordering can be hectic, and you might end up eating on the neighbor's stoop like we did, but it will authentic.it's a hole in a wall but sarcone deli has the best sub i have had in philadelphia by far. im a roastbeef man so i prefer the sonny's and the c.c  but the sinatra and sarcone are also favorite's.  good size, decent amount of meat and good quality ingredients make it tops in my book. one complaint- im not a fan of sesame seeds which all sarcone bread come w/ and for some reason the bread at sarcone's deli never tastes as good as sarcone's bakery bread or Sabrina's- which also uses sarcone bread. Unfortunately, there hot sandwiches r weaker compare to their deli meat brothers ie the  italian pork (paesanos, tommy dinics, john roast pork better) and the cheesesteaks.Tried this place for the first time while visiting friends in Philly. We ordered 3 sandwiches for pick up (roast beef, Italian, and Lincoln - all delicious!) and the cherry pepper poppers - fantastic.  1 point off for calling in our order and still having to wait 20 minutes for our food when we got there.I had high hopes for this deli since it has the famed 'Sarcone's' name and I love the bread from Sarcone's Bakery which is just down the street from the deli.  Arriving on Saturday at lunch time, I walked in to the deli and found about 12 other customers jammed into the small space in no discernible order.  Confusion reigned when the cashier asked "Next?" and we all began pointing to each other with raised eyebrows.  But despite the lack of organization the Original Italian hoagie that I ordered found it's way to me and I squeezed out the door.  
Excited like a kid with an x-mas present, I unwrapped my hoagie but what I found turned my smile upside down.  There was a big rip in the bread across the top of my hoagie.  Now I had to use my fingers like they were hoagie sutures trying to keep the sandwich from becoming completely disemboweled.  The disappointments continued as I bit into the hoagie and found that I did not seem to poses the strength of mouth required to cut the bread with my teeth.  Realizing that this was not a job for mere incisors I moved the hoagie into molar territory.  I'm sure that I must have looked like a dog with a chew toy, but I did manage to get pieces of the hoagie separated and into my mouth.  
IMO, the bread is the most important part of a good hoagie and I would expect that the bread at Sarcone's Deli would be top-notch since Sarcone's Bakery is the best.  Apparently, they are using a vulcanization process on the hoagie bread for the deli.  Too bad, I really wanted to like this place.I've been waiting for this deli to open all my life! My mom has been buying bread from here since before I was born. Historically, there were places that served their sandwiches on Sarcones bread throughout the city. And these places always had the top rated hoagies and cheesesteaks. Finally, they opened up their own deli to serve hoagies and sandwiches on their own bread. My gosh are they good. The deli is not far from Gino's and Pat's steaks. So if you find yourself in Philly doing the tourist sandwich rounds then be sure to head on up to Sarcone's deli and grab yourself an Italian hoagie (or rendition thereof). You will not regret it.Super fresh bread and nice ingredients. The wait can be extensive .... But don't let that put you off. This is home to one of the best hoagies in the city.Love love love. I have never had a bad sandwich from here, and they'll treat you like a regular on your second visit. Beware the sizing--small is a good sized portion for one, and a medium is easily split-able. And I can eat a lot of sandwich!cliff huxtable would DIE over these hoagies. this is not only the best italian sub i've ever had but it's probably the best meat/bread combo period. the bread is awesome. all of the italian meats they slam in there is even more awesome. and dang the oil and vinegar completes everything perfectly. i had a left over sandwich and was expecting it to be super soggy and not that great but i still loved every bite. i've tried the sesame seeded roll at another place that buys their bread from sarcone's but i wasn't a huge fan. definitely prefer the original. 
it seems like a super local spot which i also love. 
a must eat in philly.Sarcones service has always been very friendly and patient.  You can choose from their own specialty hoagies or have one made to your order.  They're always exceedingly large and stuffed to perfection on a thick, crispy italian sesame roll at a good value.  Easily could be 2 meals for me in a day, and you spend no more than $8 usually for the hoagie itself..  You don't have to worry about your sandwich getting soggy, because they don't overdo the dressings.  You have to option to take it to go or eat on a table outside, or maybe across the street in the park.  A true Philadelphia establishment at its best.Long wait on Saturday at noon but worth it.  Get a medium or large which some on better, seeded rolls. The Beef Italiano is awesome and all sandwiches are great, especially with the great Sarcones bakery bread.The bread is good. I will give them that. I ordered a roast pork with sharp provolone. The meat was fatty. The bread soggy. I didn't finish the sandwich. I will give them another try for an Italian Hoagie.The service is a little slow, but you're paying for great quality, fresh food.  This small deli located at the corner of 9th St. and Fitzwater delivers big flavor with every one of their menu items.  The hoagies are a little pricer as most reviewers have stated, running at LEAST $9 for a medium hoagie.  This place does accept credit/debit cards as well as cash.  Great little deli with BIG BIG flavor!I miss these damn hoagies so much since i moved to san francisco, ca.  I miss the accents, the people...the smell of the hoagie shop.
Best hoagies around, move out to CA and open up a sarcones out here!Having just moved to Philly from Texas six months ago, I'm still trying to get into the hoagie. I feel like I've tried every one in town. This is the best so far - the bread is flavorful and not too hard or soft. The meat is high-quality and they offer a lot of toppings. I had roast beef with asparagus and it was delicious!Good food great bread but poorly run establishment. 20 mins for a single sandwich plus they got the order wrongDear Sarcones,
I love you!  I just got my first Italian hoagie from you all loaded up with meats, cheeses, lettuce, tomato, peppahs, pickles, spices, oil & vinegar, some BBQ chips & a soda & dear lord it is delicious...I will be back as often as my diet allows! Seriously good NOMS!!My friend wanted to have lunch during her layover at the Philadelphia Airport.  I met her with a variety of Sarcone's hoagies to give her a taste of Philly's finest cuisine.  She wept.I'm really surprised at the reviews that say their sandwiches were small & not stuffed full of meat & cheese. The two times I have been to Sarcone's I got a huge yummy Italian hoagie that had insane amounts of meats & cheese. In fact, I couldn't eat the whole thing & ate what I had leftover for dinner. One of those times was pretty recently. Maybe it's a hit or miss thing but I definitely suggest at least giving this spot a chance. The bread to me is the definition of Italian bread, crusty & delicious. If possible, order your sandwich in advance because it will be at least 15-20 minute wait if you order there. But it's always worth the wait.If you want a ton of degradation & aggravation with your hoagie, Sarcones is your place!  I live a block away and have given them 3 chances.  Obviously I stopped going long ago.  They bank on acting like they are doing suburbanites & tourists a favor by making them wait 30 minutes for an overpriced sandwich.  I guess those folks think their food is good enough to make it worth it...I certainly do not.Bread is the best part to Sarcone's hoagie. Tried the American Italian and the Booch the other day. Excellent flavor and value!Amazing, got the gourmet Italian hoagie with longs hots.
Some of the best bread I have ever had, perfectly seeded.
Will def come backAll I can say is that the ownership of this establishment ought to be disgusted with the manner in which some of its employees treat their paying customers.  I brought some of my friends here to try one of their famous hoagies and waited for nearly an hour while the staff appeared to lose the order for one of my friends.  They offered no apology at all and used the excuse that "it's lunchtime and you can talk to my boss if you'd like, but he's not going to do anything about it" as the pathetic explanation for why my friends waited for nearly an hour for a sandwich.  When one of my friends made a comment about how "polite" the nasty employee behind the register was, she shouted "don't come back" as we walked towards the door.  It is a disgrace that any business would treat any customer like this.  I will certainly not be coming back and I will be sure to tell everyone I know to avoid visiting Sarcone's Deli in the future because the food is not worth the attitude of its nasty employees.Love their rolls and the sandwiches are fantastic. I love the Italian hoagie and the cold tomato pies too.I've never actually set foot into this establishment, but I helped my friend move into her new place off of Washington ave. After a hard day of moving beds, dressers and TVs we were paid us off with hoagies she had gotten from Sarcone's.  This was one tasty mother. The bread was amazing to say the least. All around it was a delicious beast.Sarcone's near the Italian Market has the perfect little Italian man sittin' out front enjoying the humidity (see my pic) and the perfect Italian hoagies inside.  I preferred to be inside waiting for my hoagie to be made.  Smells of the fresh bread from their bakery... the saltiness of the meat, cheeses, vinegar.  I loved it!   They could tell I was from out of town, I actually had to read the deli menu.  Nowhere to sit inside... just the few tables outside.  But it doesn't matter.  It's definitely worth the stop for a big slice of heaven.I'll keep it short & sweet. The Junkyard is by and large the best hoagie I've ever had. I love walking over there and sitting outside, using the 2nd half of the sandwich to anchor the butcher's paper while I scarf down the 1st half.We had walked by there multiple times while we were in Philly a couple of weeks ago. Finally we made it a point to stop and get some Hoagies for our plane ride back. Their tag line is "its all about the bread" and DANG it is all about that bread. 
We bought the sandwiches (turkey & the old Italian) earlier in the day then we had them during our long flight back. I was concerned that they would be a little soggy but they were perfect. We split them in half so that we could taste each others sandwiches. 
They are a MUST for a good hoagie sandwich. Definitely a repeat- so the staff didn't even attempt to say the name on the bag- and really did say, "I'm not even going to try." Classic Philly.LOVE this place.  Such great sandwiches with fantastic bread that they get from their bakery down the street.  They pack in the meat/veggies/cheese and have a good balance of all three.  The junk yard special and original italian are my favorites.  My girlfriend always gets the roasted veggie, which I've had a few bites of and is also very good.  They do take a little bit to make your sandwich, so I would just call ahead or order through their website.  Or just order and go walk around the Italian Market.Anyone who has eaten a Sarcone's hoagie, and claims that Sarcone's Deli does not make the best hoagie in the entire world - is a flat out moron, idiot and liar. They are not only lying to others with every syllable they speak (whether pertaining to hoagies, or about life in general), they are lying to themself, living a false life of fallacy and heresy. Nothing should be taken serious from anyone who says Sarcone's isn't the greatest. People who make such claims deserve to be shunned and exiled from society. Period. Their lives are permanently flawed, and they deserve nothing good in life.Sarcone's was listed as one of the top hoagie places in Philadelphia.  So I got up early Saturday and decided to taste test.  I purchased the Italian which is my test sandwich to determine whether it's worth another trip.  The bread was awesome, the ingredients, not so much.  I probably will not travel so far for just the roll.Maybe it was because I got a vegetable sandwich rather than any of the other famous ones or maybe because I waited until I got home to eat it, but the hoagie I got did not set off any fireworks like I had hoped. I mean it was decent, but I've definitely had better (roasted veggie sandwiches specifically). I expected the bread to carry the meal, but it was a bit harder and drier than I'd like. Maybe I was there too late in the afternoon. I'm making excuses for this place because it's Sarcones, for Pete's sake. 
The line was long, but the wait wasn't terrible. There were people in front of me ordering 10 hoagies at a time. There must be some magic that I missed. 
I'll be back another day. Earlier in the day and for something with lots of meat.Meh.
Called ahead 24 hours for hoagie tray -arrived to pick up and order was just being started...
Couldn't make the requested hoagies due to the lack of multiple ingredients which I found out upon arrival 
Overpriced pasta salad that was just full of oil
Sandwiches totally lacked ingredients 
Service was slow and workers were rude
Place is a dump, needs to be cleanedGreat Hoagie!!! I got the Turkey Breast, my boyfriend got the Italian American. Everything about them were great, except for the fact that the bread was a tiny bit dry. We went around 3pm on a Sunday, so perhaps our timing wasn't the best. Still- for a place that is "all about the bread" I expected it to taste a little fresher. Tomatoes were a little soggy but I'll let it slide because they're not really in season. Everything else about this hoagie was great! 
I should also mention that they had a ton of options. Not only did they have a huge list of hoagies, they had pasta salads, ziti, lasagna, pizza, etc. Very fun.BEST HOAGIES AROUND ALONG WITH WORST CUSTOMERS SERVICE!!!! They are very rude when you order. They pick & chose where they want to deliver, they even ask their delivery men "if they want to drive that far". I personally am sick of dealing with the ignorance & attitude when trying to order food! IMost Philadelphians have certainly heard of Sarcone's for their hoagie and cheesesteak rolls.  Indeed they have been baking bread since1918 in the Italian Market.  But a few doors away from its bakery, Sarcone's runs a deli which has one of the largest selections of Philly hoagies you will ever encounter.  It's hard to make a decision here.  I just wanna close my eyes and point to one on a menu and whatever comes up, I'll eat.  It'll be tasty!Had a wrap about 2 weeks ago. Im pretty sure it was a five star sandwich but i dont remember by 2 stars. Go here for the mexico empanadasIf you are going to have a hogue for brunch....this is the place!  Bread is the best we have had in Phily!  Roasted peppers and the spinach were an awesome addition to the sandwich!  Hungry? Go...eat..enjoy!A few years ago, this would have been a 4-5 star rating, but as of my last experience, it has fallen. Not sure if it was an off day or just what happens when a place gets too popular. 
My hoagie was dry! Not only was the bread stale (bread they bake every day) but there was nothing on it. In general a hoagie is supposed to have quite a bit of veggies, but these cheese hoagie had way too much cheese a couple of tomato slices, a dusting of lettuce and some oregano. That was it. No oil & vinegar, no pickles, no peppers. Say what? Honestly, Wawa has given me a much better sandwich than this. Not to mention I paid $7.50 for a 6 inch. Yikes! 
There were more staff than customers in the store, but I waited almost 15 minutes. Am still going to buy the bread when it is early in the day, but it will take a lot to get me to risk another sandwich.Literally the best sandwiches (hoagies) I've ever had the United States. People rave about the bread, which is good. But the ingredients are A+, and they're combined in interesting ways. Try all of their sandwiches, then try them all again. Never miss a chance to go here.Let me be perfectly clear, this review is in regards to my first visit to the Sarcones Deli on Haddonfield Rd in Cherry Hill, NJ.
A few hours after eating the Italian Hoagie I purchased on July 13, 2007 (Yes, Friday the 13th), I became violently ill and throwing up 6 times. I attribute my illness to Sarcones because I was the only one to eat at Sarcones that day and all of the rest of my food was shared by other family members and they were not sick. I was sick for two days. This may be an isolated experience but why should I try again.
Even if I did not get sick, the hoagie was not great. Their trademark bread was too crusty and dense for a hoagie, probably good for garlic bread and pasta. And the amount of fillings was small at best - like you get at Subway. Definitely one of the worst hoagies in Cherry Hill NJ. Try somewhere else for hoagies. Suggest Gaetanos in Maple Shade where they know how to make a great hoagie as well as cheese steaks.disclaimer - i grew up and still live one block from sarcone's, so i definitely have definite opinions. however, i hate to invalidate people, but someone below commented on the sesame seeds being an odd touch. sesame seeds are actually pretty common on certain types of italian bread. and italian bread is supposed to be dense and crusty, not soft. but i digress.
you cannot possibly go wrong if you order one of the following: the junkyard, the uncle louie, the classic italian, the old school italian or the spinach hoagies. the hoagies here are spectacular, though get them to share since they are incredibly filling.
fyi - if you don't like sarcone's bread my other three favorites are ianelli's, cacia's and faragalli's. guaranteed one of these will make you happy. :)wonderful sandwich combinations !! don't try to make your own hoagie here - go with what they're got to offer. the flavors are outstanding and the bread is just as deliciousBest deli sammys around.  The uncle luie is the tits! gotta call in the order though they say they are open till 4pm but they usually run out early.I love their hoagies but hate their hours. I would eat like to eat here often but with their limited hours it's just not possible or worth the hassle.This sandwich shop should be declared the official sandwich shop of Philly. The bread here is insane!!!!I used to love love love Sarcones....emphasis on USED TO.
Working only a few block away was cool because my coworkers and I could telephone in an order and pick it up twenty minutes later so we took advantage of this back in the early 2000s. I hadn't eaten anything from there in about three years when a few of us went on a chilly winter day to get a good old fashioned Italian hoagie complete with cured meats and sharp provolone. Not for nothing but for $9 a pop I would expect a good quantity of meat to be put on there but the fact was that there were only two slices of each meat on my sandwich. What a rip off!
The roll was filled with a total of four pieces of meat and two small pieces of cheese, a little bit of oil, a few onions, and a handful of lettuce. I wasn't in the mood to complain because for one I was hungry, secondly I was cold, and thirdly I didn't feel like getting into a confrontation. I just simply won't eat there any more. As much as I'm not a fan of Primos I'd pick them over her any day now.Had to stop in and try the hoagie; ordered the "American Italian" and really enjoyed it. Nice amount of meat and toppings, excellent bread, and fast service. We managed to snag the one table available (out on the sidewalk) so we could sit and enjoy. Expect to carry out and eat elsewhere. Speedy, reasonable price, and good ingredients. Recommended.I chose to visit this place because apparently Taylor Gourmet in DC ships their bread down daily.  
The bread is fabulous, indeed, but I wasn't blown away by what was inside [the bread].  I had the italian and the bread (delicious as it was) really overwhelmed the sandwich.  The sandwich needed more meet, more oil and vinegar, and hot peppers!!  
My companion in eating had a cheesesteak and he was a fan.  Nice and juicy!FINALLY!!!! I MADE IT TO THE HOLY GRAIL!
Now I can actually give a geniuine review for I have tasted the holy hoagie.
Yes, it lived up to its expectation.  The bread ...the bread...the bread, its all about the bread. 
If you havent been here yet and plan to be within an hour of philadelphia, make sure you go to Sarcones.  Call ahead because they sell out.  Also call ahead because the wait for a sandwich can be substantial.  
And you can skip the menu.  Dont be tempted to get a variety of hoagies so that you can all taste each others sandwiches (my normal practice everywhere else) because you'll only end up begging everyone else for scraps of their sandwiches with your best puppy dog eyes.  And you'll be greatful to get them.  I mean, the parma hoagie with proscuitto, mozzarella and and roasted red peppers was excellent, but good god it just cant compare to the perfection of the Italian.
Oh, and you can skip that small or medium.  Make it a large.  It looks scary but truuuuuust me, you'll want to save some for later (and its even better later).  
This is why people from Philly dont even bother to eat sandwiches in NY.  I cant bear to eat anything less.Naturally they have the best bread!  Nothing like using their own bread lol.  And they use high quality meats.  Best Italian Sub - Period!!I would say this is the best sub joint in the city and I've been to a ton of them (I'm not from philly don't get hostile).  I get a different sub every time I go in so I can't just talk about one type.  What I will talk about is the cheese situation.  That's right. The cheese situation.  If you order a sub that does not come with cheese it's $2.00 extra.  The difference between this sub shop and every other one I have been to is that the cheese is about as thick as a Cracker Barrel Cut ( not the block the pre-sliced cheese).  I wouldn't call it a slice or a couple slices, I would call it a hunk of cheese.  I think that is what sets them apart besides the rolls etc.  So when you do go, make sure you get a sub that comes WITH cheese and just omit whatever ingredients you don't want so you aren't stuck paying extra like I did.Overrated is the word to describe Sarcone's.  That doesn't mean it isn't good, it is.  The bread is great.  The meats are mediocre.  The lines are too frequently frustrating.  If you want to eat right , your going to have to DIY.  Go down the block and buy a loaf from Sarcone's and then walk down to Claudio's and get yourself some really good meats.  Or don't take my advice and you'll probably still be perfectly satisfied.I went here today for a nice big Italian hoagie with lettuce, xtra mayo and pickles and it was delicious. 
The Deli recently moved next door into a bigger space and it was packed when I went in. I had to wait 15 minutes for my sandwich but it was worth the wait. The bread, which they are known for, was good, it's a bit stiffer than most hoagie rolls you get in the city but it has such a great taste to it. 
I also got a half pound of pasta salad for 2.50 and woo did it have a kick to it, so much flavor, I loved it. I could have done without the carrots in it, though. 
Altogether I paid 12 dollars for a medium hoagie, a half pound of pasta salad, a bag of salt and vinegar chips and a soda. 
I have the second half of my hoagie in the fridge and I think I am going to enjoy that for dinner tonight or save it for lunch tomorrow. Either way, the second half will be devoured too!When someone from out of town asks me for a steak sandwich shop recommendation, I tell them to get a hoagie from Sarcone's instead. This Italian Market staple consistenly puts out some of the finest in the city, and offers such a wonderful selection of tastes that a steak just comes up short. I would not care to guess which is healthier for you, but for tastebud  zazz, a superb hoagie hammers the cheesesteak any day. 
Sarcone's is a family place and acts like it. If you're going on a Sunday, don't dally, and better yet, phone ahead. They get a shipment of amazing hoagie rolls from the Sarcone's Bakery down the street each morning, and close shop when the bread is gone. If there is an Eagles game on tv, count on the bread running out even quicker. 
One of my favorites on offer is the C.C., a zesty combination of homemade roast beef, sauteed spinach, balsamic and cremosa provalone, all on Sarcone's famous crusty, seeded bread. Even if you don't really dig spinach, this thing will make you a believer. Combine with a root beer and bag of Herr's Sour Cream & Onion chips and you're good to go. 
The Old-Fashioned is a more traditional sandwich, done with exotic hams and artery clogging salamis. Prosciutto, hot Coppa and more of that crumbly provolone will leave little strings of fat stuck between your teeth, but it's so worth it.
There is a vegetarian option as well, so there's no excuse not to try Sarcone's. It might just make you give up cheesesteaks.I used to love this place.  Their food quality is still very good, but their service is awful.  My last 4 orders were all late.  The final straw was how they handled a catering order for my daughter's party.  To begin with, the food was over an hour late.  Worse than that, they substituted inferior ingredients.  The owner (Anthony) of the store admitted that they substituted ingredients because they were cheaper and they do it all the time.  He said he will update the menu, but after what happened next, I doubt his promise.   
When I informed Anthony (said he was the owner) of the problems, he promised me additional food at a later date in compensation.  When I came back, he refused to honor his agreement claiming "this is not Macy's, you can't come back months later."  Not only was he rude, he is wrong.  He made this promise earlier this month on May 9.
I also found out why all of my orders are late.  Anthony told me they are often running late and assume people won't pick their orders up on time and often wait until the customer shows up.  So much for my strategy of ordering early and giving them extra time.
I hope they get their at together as the food is quite good, but the lack of service and disdain for the customer will keep me from coming back.Ok so everyone seeing a two star rating for Sarcone's and is winding up to throw tomatoes at me hear me out hear me out. First things first I've never been a fan of their rolls. Not at their shops, Primos, or anywhere else. What can I say; they cut the inside of my mouth. That being said, I know most people love it and I certainly am not the bread expert so I wasn't going to let that deter me from taking my in laws here (one of which is a big Italian man) during their recent visit to the city. 
We arrived on a beautiful Saturday around noon. Surprisingly there were only about 4 or 5 people in the shop, I thought this was awesome bc the last time I was there on a Sunday it was mobbed. I ordered an Old World Italian, the ladies got regular Italian, and the big man got a pepperoni special. Then the wait began. The army of workers they had back there did just about everything but make our hoagies. It looked like chaos back there. People came in and out while we waited, then after 35 minutes our hoagies appeared on the counter but the girl at the register would not ring us up. Some dude even came and put an order in and she wrung him up right there and said let's just take care of this now so you don't have to mess around later. They completed the exchange of money literally right above our hoagies. Then she disapeared. Finally my mother in law stepped up when she came back and said I think these are ours, and the girl got indignant! 
If I want to get treated poorly there are plenty of other quality hoagie places I can go to in the city that won't make me wait 40 minutes for my food. As for the hoagies I actually ate half and wrapped the other half for later. I NEVER save food for later. I will eat until sick if I have to. I respect the quality of the meat and cheese but there was no vinegar on it and it was just overall bland. That was pretty much the overall feeling. Everyone besides me liked the bread but the innards were just average. 
This trip really jeopardized my standing as a great chooser eating spots in the eyes of all who were there. Until their next visit it's my shame to wear.I used to get the t&t or tuna and turkey almost once a week when I worked in south philly a couple years ago, and omg it is the best hoagie ever!! And who knew if you combine the two it would make magic happen in your mouth. I love their bread, it is very fresh, along with all the other ingredients.Very highly recommended by others so we had to try.  South 9th Street seemed a little intimidating but once I entered the doors I felt extremely comfortable.  Very friendly staff.  Then there are the hoagies.  I had the Old Fashioned Italian and didn't know what was so special at first.  As I continued through the hoagie I loved it more and more.  The spices, the bread, the meats, the cheese, all delicious.  We came back the next day for more.I stopped by here today for a quick lunch, ordered the Exotic Vegetable hoagie.  I was starving and even though the place wasn't that busy, it seemed to take forever for us to get our food.  Finally it arrived, we paid, and left.  The sandwich was tasty and spicy as well, with broccoli rabe, mozzarella cheese and eggplant and wasn't greasy at all.  The roll was fresh, crispy on the outside, soft on the inside.  It was a good lunch - until- I returned a few minutes later (realizing that I had left my phone behind). I asked the man behind the counter if anyone had turned it in, and he denied knowing about it, yet more than a few customers told me two guys in the store had announced that they had "scored a good find" and then told the owners that they "would be back in 30 minutes".  I got the overall impression that these two shady individuals were familiar with at least one of the employees working there.  Yet everyone on staff told me they saw nothing. At least they pretended to care and took down my number.
Beware of shady characters who frequent this establishment. Needless to say, I will not be returning.  Next time I'll walk the extra few blocks to Paisano's - the sandwiches are better there anyways.I don't know what it was, maybe because it got such rave reviews on Yelp that I was expecting a burst of flavor in my mouth or something but basically my buddy and I walked all the way down to Sarcones, got some Old Fashioned Italian and ate it at Whole Foods (seating). I mean it was a decent hoagie but nothing special. I found myself comparing it to other places and having it come up short on taste. I don't know, maybe I got the wrong hoagie, I'll be willing to try it again.I am thankful each day I live as close as I do to the best hoagies in the city and probably the world.If I have to pick one food to remember Philadelphia by, it won't be any cheesesteaks or pretzels, it would be a good hoagie. It's not until I come to Philly that I encounter hoagies - long crunchy chewy rolls with multiple deli meat at a time and all the fixings and for them I profess my love.
For years, Sarcone's bread had been the king. The place has become somewhat of a local legend made more illusive by its early closing time since the bread pretty much get sold out around 1~2pm and the family can afford to close up shop for a month at end to travel back to Italy. And the bread does deserve the fanfare - It has a crunchy and crispy thin exterior fragrant with toasted sesames, the inside is soft and spongy like any good bread It's perfect to have with dinner and it's perfect for sandwiches.
For the longest time, I thought the deli closes the same time that the bakery does and have missed countless opportunities to go there to grab a sandwich. It wasn't until the internet and my curiosity met that I found out they actually closes at 4. So with that knowledge I walked the 6 blocks to Sarcone's for much expectations.
The hoagies here are not cheap, with the specials there are like 40+ different selections and most of them here will set you back about $10 for the medium size which is like a foot-long. My favorite hoagie of all time is the Italian hoagie and just for that, even though I could swear they are all Italian hoagies, there's at least 4 different kinds. They also have different potato salad, pasta salad, anti-pasti and chips to accompany your hoagie. 
For my buck, I ordered the Old-Fashioned Italian hoagie and after a 15 minutes wait in a less-than-busy weekday afternoon. I jollily skipped home with my Sarcone's hoagie and opened it to find... well herbed and seasoned roma tomato cut horizontally and thick, sharp provolone cheese not sliced but big cubed, decent amount of meat, lettuce and onion with in the Sarcone's bread. 
While I'm impressed by the bread and the creative display of tomatoes and cheese, it's nothing too special taste-wise. Maybe I should say it's not too different to warrant the mark up in price. I could probably get a better tasting one at Wawa or Pine Street Pizza. But then it's hard to review an entire place just from one hoagie, I'll be sure to return again once or twice more just to make sure.I've had the old fashioned italian hoagie twice now and it's been amazing each time.  I read reviews and friends have told me about this place and this deli did not disappoint.  The bread here is incredible and all of the deli meats and cheeses are DiBruno Bros.  Staff is super friendly as well and make you feel very welcome.As the sign says "Its all about the bread". And Sarcone's bread is the gold standard when it comes to hoagies.  I think they make an outstanding hoagie - buutttttttt - there are a number of places in the burbs that do it better.
Exton's Primo & Downingtown's Foster Boys both load up the hoagies with 50% more meat that you get at Sarcones for the same/less price. Ok, so Primo is of S-Phil origin, but with similar/same rolls and more meat i have to throw my vote to the better value. And frankly, you don't have to wait as long to get them.
Sarcones makes a great hoagie,  but there are better out there if you're in the right location.Best Italian hoagie in the coming from a hoagie snob! Quality meat, cheese and fresh baked rolls with a little crust. The old fashioned was great!I wasn't even hungry, but I was told that the best Italian Hoagies can be found at Sarcone's Deli. So about 5 minutes after they closed up, I wandered in looking for one. Although they were putting things away, they agreed to make me one to go. 
I ordered the medium Sarcone Special with thinly sliced Proscuitto, roasted peppers, roasted garlic, sharp provolone, dry herbs and oil and vinegar. This sandwich is pretty big for a medium. http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/55D--p5wnvr0gYyRI_y_mw?select=jmRZnwttkk5Ch7vwwDHfYA I also ordered a hot pickle and they threw in some stuffed pepper poppers, which were happily accepted. 
I took the sandwich back to our hotel, where I couldn't get to it until the next day. It was perfect. If it was great the second day, I really want to know how good it would have been the first day? 
No wonder Sarcone's knows Hoagies like they do. If you are down in the Italian Market, I highly recommend saving your appetite. ;)These sandwiches are meticulously handcrafted with quality ingredients. The old fashioned Italian is awesome - delicious prosciutto, soppressata, hot capicola, and sharp provolone with oil and vinegar, lettuce, red onions, and juicy tomatoes. This is a killer sandwich. 
The legendary bread - and "it's all about the bread" - was tasty. A tiny bit tougher than I'd normally prefer, and the crispy crust was on the flakier side, almost bordering on stale. Maybe I just happened to get one of the older loaves. Still, this sandwich was so good it could've been served on Wonderbread and I would've scarfed it down happily. 
A medium will cost you just over $9, and with chips and drinks it will just barely feed two not-extremely-hungry people. I suspect a whole medium would be a bit much for the average person, and most people could probably comfortably finish 3/4 of it. The large, at around $17, is gigantic and would probably stuff two people silly. 
These fine sandwiches are definitely worth a trip to the Italian market.Once you have Sarcone's, every other hoagie will look inferior. They do an amazing job here. I recommend the junk yard special.Had to wait forever! Called in an order and she said it would be 25 mins. I waited 30 to pick it up and still had to wait another 30 mins for 2 subs when I got there.  Def not worth the wait for a cutlet sandwich. Will not go back!Have lived in South Philly for 4 months and had been craving a "good" Italian hoagie, and I found Sarcone's Deli.  The best hoagie that I have ever eaten in my entire life!!  They have a huge selection of sandwiches and hoagie and being on the Italian Market everything is fresh.  It is a little pricey for a sandwich but is more then worth it!! Also a great selection of pepper shooters, stuffed olives, and cold salads.One of the best.  They are at the point where the only thing that differentiates them from other top notch places are matters of preference, not quality.  Their rolls are on the chewy/tough side, which I love, but others prefer softer rolls.  No matter what, you can't go wrong. This place rules.  My old boss from the Baltimore/DC metro area used to drive to Philly about once a month just to grab a Sarcone's sandwich and then drive back (~2 hrs).  Such things speak for themselves.Five star hoagies. One of the best, if not the best I've ever had. I'll be back for more soon to try another of the specialty sambones.Make sure you order off their Facebook menu for up to date prices. I'm always disappointed with how unwelcoming and inconvenienced the staff acts. You can literally be standing at the counter for 5 minutes as someone walks by you multiple times without acknowledging you. Just remember your going for the food which is fantastic.Now THIS is my kind of sandwich shop.  Crusty bread (seeded or seedless) houses the finest and most delicious ingredients.  Proscuitto, broccoli rabe, roasted red peppers, asparagus, roast beef, fresh turkey...you name it. Sarcone's offers gourmet sides of different pasta salads, marinated vegetables and fresh mozz. The bread is absolutely perfect, baked fresh on their bakery premises further down the street. They have options for both carnivores and vegivores alike--and their veggie sandwich has more to offer than a few sad leaves of lettuce, green peppers and not quite ripe tomatoes like many other Italian sandwich shops.
Don't think, however, that you can just stroll leisurely to Sarcones late in the afternoon and expect them to still have bread.  These little bastards sell out faster than Beck tickets in 2002 (I couldn't get one for the life of me) so make sure you get there in plenty of time. Also, don't think you're going to eat in the shop, it's take-out only.
I'd give them six stars if I could.HUGE FAN! These are by far the best hoagies in philly. I love the crusty bread and they are always awesome to the customers. Everyone I work with loves them!!!
I even drive there when i'm too far for delivery! it's worth it!The home of 2 of my all-time favorite sandwiches, The Junkyard Special and The Booch. Outstanding sides and cutlets as well. All on maybe the best bread in the city. And I would've given it 5 stars if I were writing this review 3 years ago. But the quality has not been up to the high standard they set for themselves recently. I will, for no good reason, blame it on the depressed economy and hope that when it starts back on the upswing, Sarcone's follows along.The Parma Special is my favorite, wish they had later hours but beggars can't be choosers! Their bread is the best! Went the other day and it was super hot inside. Doesn't bother me they didn't hace AC but the meats were a little gross since they seemed to out and not cold. 1 iffy time out of 10 good doesn't change the 5 stars.