The tomato pie is very good. I had the one with cheese too, but I like the one without better. I also purchased the pepperoni Stromboli and that was great when I reheated it. Two ladies waited on me as I made 2 separate purchases. The first one was nice and engaging, but the second lady presented as reticent. There was no negative exchange, but I'd probably wouldn't return if I had not had an interaction with the pleasant lady.This is the best bread there is.
Don't believe me?  Have a party.  Tell 3 people (the ones with the best taste) to bring the best bread they know of.  Then you bring Sarcone's.  Make a breadbasket.  EVERYONE will taste the Sarcone's and say, "zomg this is the best bread I've ever had! where is it from?" and all your friends who brought bread will be pissed because their fancypants bread will taste like rubbish next to the bread from Sarcone's.
I cannot stress how superior this bread is.
A baguette, seeded or unseeded, is  less than $2.00, so the price is right too.
Only drawbacks are these: 
1.) because the bread is impossibly fresh, it's not going to keep forever, so don't buy bread on Wednesday for a party you're having on Thursday.  Do yourself a favour and get it the day of.  
2.) they sell out of this bread EVERY DAY so get there early to avoid disappointment and future regret.The real deal. Awesome bread and great sicilian pizza and tomato pie (not hot when you buy). Heat this stuff up at home and it is crunchy and delicious.Pal Joey' S in Mantua, NJ use Sarcones rolls for chkn Cutlet Italiano.  WOW.  I thought Liscios had best rolls in NJ not anymore.  Now ready to try more on menu. Miss South Philly too!!Best bread in Philly! The rolls are crusty on the outside and so soft on the inside - the perfect combination. Whenever I bring Sarcone's to dinner, everyone always raves over the taste and freshness. Sometimes I can just sit and eat an entire roll by myself..it's that good! :D Sarcone's quality has always been top-notch and I hope they are around for many years to come.This is the best bread bakery in the city. You, along with many others, will line up to hopefully buy a long seeded roll, sandwich rolls, or anything else that comes fresh from their ovens. It's a work of delicious, crispy crunchiness that cannot and will not be denied. 
For those of you not interested in bread, check out their baked confections and their pizza. Their tomato pizza is the most delicious slice of pie you can get in the city. They also serve pepperoni and a white with rosemary that are delectable. The pizzas are Sicilian in style/shape, and the crust is lip-smacking good. 
The only drawback about Sarcone's is that they have a limited supply and limited hours. If your diligent and get there early, you won't have to worry much, but expect most of the supply to be gone by noon, especially the pizza. Bottom line: the city's best bakery and one of the best slices of pizza in the Delaware valley area.Hands down the best italian bread.  Probably ever.  It's the kind of bread you get for Christmas dinner, even if it means you have to go out of your way.  It's that special.
Be sure to get there well before noon, or they are likely to be sold out.Bread is amazing a must stop every time we are in the city keep in mind they are closed on monday.- TIP:  Don't miss the hamburger rolls (seriously).  Not what they're known for, but they are super airy with a hard crust that stands up to the juiciest of burgers & BBQ sandwiches. 
- CON:  They unapologetically will be out of bread often; sometimes feels that they are there more for their foodservice clients than the customers walking in.
- BOTTOM LINE:  Just make sure to order your bread at least a day ahead of time if you're counting on having it.  You won't find artisan sourdough here -- but you can always count on great, crusty Italian bread & rolls.  Definitely worth the effort.I promise this will be my last walk down memory lane-type of review.
Since this is just a hop-skip & jump away from Claudio's Cheese, I know it well.
Some delis in Delaware (the ones that actually know what a hoagie actually is, which are few and fair between), go and get this bread. 
How dedicated is my entire family to this bread???
My local farmer's market has a small place in it that sells sandwichs. My Dad found out they were using rolls from Sarcone's and asked to buy whatever they had leftover at the end of the night, and offered over triple what they originally paid for them. Let me tell you what kind awesome peppers and eggs we had the next morning for breakfast.
The Best Bread. Period.I make a regular trip here for the anise pizzelle.  They are awesome, fresh, and half the price of Termini.  I guess I need to try the tomato pie based on all of these reviews.  I'm not a big fan of the canolli just because I like cream/ mascarpone over ricotta but they don't lack freshness.  The counter staff aren't especially friendly but I wouldn't go so far as to say 'hostile', either, so no big deal.  They need longer hours, too. 
A favorite spot in the Italian Market 'hood!They were total dicks to us but super friendly with the regulars coming through the door to pick up their loaves on a Saturday afternoon. Up yours, Sarcone's counter staff! Thanks for the great tomato pie, Sarcone's bakers!A case-study in doing one thing and doing it well, Sarcone's is a Philly institution for good reason. But get there early, especially on weekends... by 2pm at the latest they are sold out.Roast pork and roast beef are consistently well-made versions of the staples, and they might have a little extra ingredient here or there that makes them a cut above. If you really want the Sarcone's experience, go for stuff you won't always find anywhere else, like the DeNiro, with roasted eggplant, prosciutto, and fresh mozzarella.Wait 45 min for some great bread, only to be told there's no loaves for another 2 hours? AFTER waiting in line?...Sound like your idea of fun? If so, head on over and proceed to waste a few hours of your life. If not, go somewhere else like Iannellis. Sarcones bread is good but not that good. There's no system or rationale for how they operate. If youre lucky, you get bread, if not, you've just wasted a big chunk of your life on something that you can easily get elsewhere in the italian market. Big waste of time. PassGreat tomato pie and biscotti. 
I should have purchased more than a half pound of biscot. 
Craving that tomato pie, my favorite in the city.So the other day, around 4:30 pm on a Saturday, while walking home on 9th Street from Cannuli's House of Pork, with oh, 35 lbs of pork and a hangover from the night before, my Special Friend  and I were approached by  a pleasantly charming young lady from another land  who wanted to know where a good Italian bakery was.  
What kind of thing do you want?  Do you want bread OR pastries?" we inquired.
"I guess some of both." she said.
 It's 4:30." I said.  "Make up your mind." 
 "A little of both would be good, I guess." She replied while taking one step back.
"You can't have both!  It's bread or pastries! You can't have both."
She has now stepped several steps back, and looks just a little frightened, when nice Special Friend intervenes and explains that most bakeries having bread have probably sold out long ago and she would be advised to just get pastries at Isagro's.
She dashed off  and as she faded into the horizon, my chances of being the Ambassador of Philadelphia were shattered.
 The moral of the story is - Get to Sarcone's early.  They have some of the finest Italian bread in this city. Get the Tomato Pie while your at it.  It's delicious.
And remember - they don't have pastries.Tried the Tomato Pie today.  Thought all day about making a second trip back for more.  This may have been the best pizza I've ever had.  All of the rave reviews are true and I can't wait to go back.  
This will be my new spot to treat out-of-towners.Oddly enough, I've never bought bread from this bakery.  
Obviously it's what they're known for, but every time I go, I'm grabbing a slice of pizza for breakfast before walking the Italian market or buying a few pepperoni breads for a party snack.  Both are incredibly delicious options, by the way.  Go early to avoid the crowds, though, the place is small and not many people can fit inside.Always my first stop on a trip to the Market -- I order a tomato pie and eat it while I walk; it helps hunger not unduly influence my other purchasing decisions!  
Although the prices have gone up a bit since I first started coming here 10+ years ago, the prices are still well worth it for fresh-fresh bread and cookies and tomato pie to die for!  
There is just not much more to be said -- it's great bread, go get some!I am not sugar person, usually I am drawn to the savory, but I stopped in to this little shop during the middle of the work day to grab a bag of fresh cookies for my co-workers. It almost looks like it's closed from the outside because they don't really have any lights on in the inside but as soon as your eyes adjust you know you have hit the heart of all things delicious.  From their fresh tomato pie, seeded long rolls, and vast assortment of cookies, to the 2 adorable Italian ladies gabbing behind the counter, I knew I was in the right place.  I got a pound of cookies for $7.00, which after appreciating them, would have expected to pay way more.  I got a gold star that day.Not only does their sesame bread pair amazingly well with *anything*, it is delicious by itself!
There have been many an occasion when my mamma and I have just eaten it fresh from the bakery, passing the baguette between ourselves on our walk home.
A must-try before you die!Sarcone's $1.50 pizza bread slices to the rescue!!! The perfect solution for many typical weekend problems, such as:
*Not feeling like cooking for your weekend house guests.  
*Not waiting to be seated at Sabrina's  (you forgot to call ahead). 
*You've just dropped $50 on that fancy cheese at DiBruno Bros. that you really didn't need.
*All of the above.
While you're there, grab a fresh loaf or some rolls for the week. Your co-workers will be jealous. 
(Tip: Go early. They are typically sold out by 2 p.m.... sometimes earlier on the weekends/holidays).This has got to be one of the most awesome pizza slices I've had and it definitely has to do with the fantastic bread crust. There really is no other... and at $1.50 a slice, the pizza was a steal! 
Proof that the bread's that great, the loaves were all out by 11am - and you thought that's the time people normally start their Saturdays....I had no idea what Tomato Pie was until my visit to Philly last weekend. Well if it's from Sarcones it's a really delish slice of Sicilian pizza with tomato sauce and a light sprinkle of un-melted cheese. The sauce was tasty, the crust was crunchy but soft inside and at $1.50 was a great bargain! I wish we had more room for the cheesy slices of pizza which looked amazing but maybe next time!My favorite pizza in town... Try the tomato or the white-- the best thing about it is how simple it is!  I have never tried the bread, but it looks fresh and sarcones is known for it!Sarcone's makes the best bread.  My family owned a restaruant 2 blocks away and every Saturday I would wait in line to get their bread, just right out of the oven.  They were smart to open a deli also.Sarcone's bread, pizza bread and tomato pie are an atkin's dieters worst nightmare. Pretty much if it has yeast in it Sarcones makes it right except the yeast u might get if you don't use proper hygiene or are on a lot of antibiotics...anyway off topic. The bread sells out really fast so get there early. As far as the sweets- canolis, butter cookies and other eyetalian pastries are very good but Isgro is only a few blocks away - and a man can only have one true love ***Sign***.I'm going to call this a review on the honor system.  Where Sarcone's excels at bread-making, it proves only competent at pasty-making. I've had Sarcone's secondhand, so to speak, because I've had a hoagie or two sandwiched between their bread. However, I have yet to make the predawn trek to Sarcone's in order to get there early enough to grab a roll or loaf. 
The day we went to Sarcone's, we ordered some macaroon cookies, though we nearly grabbed the cannoli. I wish we had because the cookies were very dry and underwhelming. But I blame myself for that one. The smell alone convinced me of my mistake, not to mention some of the delicacies laid listlessly but enticingly along the rows of the arching case. When I was there, I nearly called it a gift case because those pastries are so finely-made, it's almost like jewelry. 
I sincerely hope and believe that when I return for that promised loaf of bread, that baked Canaan of my dreams, I'll understand why Sarcone's is one of the most recognized names in Philly. For the sake of honesty, however, if it is as disappointing as the macaroons, I'll have to drop this place down a notch. Regardless of all that, it's a piece of Philly history, a vibrant member of the esteemed Italian Market community, and if only for the wonderful sights and smells drifting out its open door, I hope it rings any many more millennia at 9th and Fitzwater.I bought a loaf of bread here: the bread is amazing (best I've had in Philly in the 1.5 years I've lived here)! I came in on a Saturday afternoon and it wasn't very crowded (aside from a group of 6 who were there for the cannolis).
The cannolis are good, and the tomato pie is delicious!Best bread in the world. FACT! 
Really, is there anything else left to say? Oh yes- if you've been to a local sandwich shop and the bread is delicious it's probably Sarcones. Love this place!Situated a few doors down from the deli sharing its name, Sarcone's Bakery has some of the tastiest bread you'll find in South Philly (or the rest of Philly, for that matter). Go early because as other reviewers have noted, once they sell out, they close. My personal favorite is the pizza bread--sausage or pepperoni wrapped in that special sort of dough you can only get in Philly (it's something in the water). Get it fresh out of the oven and still warm, and I dare you to have any left over. You simply can't.Two slices of pizza bread on a weekend morning is the perfect way to get the day going.  Where else can you get square slices of pizza at like 11 in the morning?  Good times!
Given its proximity to the Italian Market, parking can be a little hairy, but it's well worth the minor hassle cruising around for a spot to illegally park your car for a few minutes while you run inside and get a slice of pizza heaven.The best bread in the city!  I have to have a several rolls in my home at all times for the late night sandwich making!I don't even like bread. But Sarcone's bakes the MOST DELICIOUS BREAD I have ever had. It's indescribable perfection, in baked form. Handmade from scratch daily! I can't speak for their pizza or pastries, but if it's anything like their loaves then you'll be in for a treat.There's no bread better in Philly. I grew up on this bread and it has become a long standing tradition in my family. I wait in line every Christmas Eve and enjoy every minute of it. When in Philly you must try Sarcone's bread you won't be sorry.I finally made it to the bakery before the sign said "SOLD OUT". Yup, they have breads, Italian cookies, pizza slices. I tried the pizza slices. Yum. I had Tomato pie slice since being from Chicago I like to taste the sauce (Sorry, no gravy here, we call it sauce in Chicago's Italian neighborhood). The line was long, service was prompt. I shall be back, and hopefully , to try the breads and Italian pastries.....The best bread, the best pizza and old school sweet service! The pizza is special. Not like anything you buy in a pizzeria. Remember to bring cash, as they do not take credit card. That's the only bummer.Want the best rolls ?Make sure its from sarcones.  Forget amoroso and liscios. Priced lower than they should for such a great product ! Hoagie,meatball sandwhiches ... Whatever you plan on having it'll taste better on a sarcone roll. worth the 15 miles drive from the NEThe bread is delicious - perhaps the best in the City.
The pizza is one of the best Sicilian pizzas you will ever taste.  
Plus, hand them $5 for a slice and a loaf and you'll get change!
oh, and take the canollis, tooWent with a few Co-workers Linda was very rude to us upon entry.  Turned us off to the whole experience from the beginning. We found the bread to be rely dry,  as if it had been sitting there for weeks.  Definitely did not live up to the hype surrounding this restaurant.I very much enjoyed the italian sub I got. You have to get the medium size for the sesame seed bread, SO good.
 Since I had been walking around the italian market for a few hours, I wished there was more indoor seating but it is what it is and I will definitely take it for that next time I go!It's been more than one time that I've meant to get brunch at Morning Glory or Sabrinas, found a 90 minute wait there, and filled myself up on two slices of Sarcone's pizza, usually a hot pepper and a tomato pie.  3 bucks and I'm stuffed and happy.
If you're cooking Italian, your meal isn't complete without a Sarcone's loaf.  Just plan ahead-show up after noon and you might not get your choice of bread, if not a complete sellout.Fantastic place.  Had an italian sandwich and it was the bread that was the shining star.  It is crispy and stands up well but isnt too chewy or tough.  Drawback is it is very hot in the summer and you pretty much take it to go.Been going to Sarcone's for over 25 years and the bread has also been excellent and consistent.  Freezes well too.  Wouldn't go anywhere else even though I live 20 miles away.  I see a comment about non-white customers.  I don't agree at all.  This is South Philly and the people that work there have a Philly attitude but once you get past the surface they are the same as everyone else.  Still worth the visit for the bread and any of the other items they sell.  Have a great day!Horrible service, called ahead a week in advance for a roll order for Christmas Eve. Was told no problem pick up at ten. Wait in line only to be told that it would now be eleven. Ladies behind the counter minus one pleasant young lady, had horrible attitudes. Needless to say left empty handed after waiting two hours! Merry Christmas wish there was an option for no starsSarcone's makes very good bread and rolls but I'd rather eat stale American bread than interact with the people at Sarcone's. The counter staff border on hostile. If you say hello, they grunt a reply and if you dare ask how they are, you are guaranteed bad service. I have been to Sarcone's many, many times and this behavior never changes, so I guess I will. There are plenty of excellent bakeries in the city where the help is actually helpful.Maybe I shot myself in the foot by not trying their bread--supposedly the best bread in Philly. However, their pizza and cannolis were both very good and the staff friendly.I've been coming here for about 5 years! They have the best bread I've ever had! All of the local Vietnamese sandwich shops and Italian restaurants in the Bella Vista area uses their bread. The bread is moist and fluffy on the inside and just perfect, with the right amount of crispiness on the outside.  My absolute favorite for bread and tomato sauce! (You have to ask them)Don't let the bakery's looks deceive you. It may look clean, but it has a list of public health violations a mile long. They posted a picture on their social media of dogs being invited behind the counter to eat their cookies off the floor inches away from their bread for sale. When brought to their attention that this is illegal and could make those with allergies sick, their son launched into a harassing and insult-laced tirade that somehow involved complaints about Obama. I was also threatened. The picture was deleted; swept under the rug. Lou Sarcone sent me no less than 20 harassing messages including ones that indicated that he was trying to figure out my identity. I was advised that I was "messing with the wrong Italian family."
There is no shortage of places to buy bread in the area. After being a customer here for 10 years, I'll be looking elsewhere.This is THE bread right here.  Get there early or they'll sell out before you walk in the door.  Fair Pricing for a great great product.  Check out the sandwich shop too they serve up some awesome hoagies.Watch out! When they say they "close at 3pm" they actually mean that they close BEFORE 3 PM, and you can be standing at the window with cash in your hand and they can be standing on the other side with bread in their hand and they won't open the door!The tomato pie is just insane it's so good!  Really simple, but extraordinary!!  The warm bread is great too, but the tomato pie steals the show!It really is all about the bread. Believe the hype. Sarcone's really is the best. THE ROLLS ARE CRUNCHY ON THE OUTSIDE BUT STILL SOFT ON THE INSIDE. 
Sure, the woman behind the counter is "standoffish," but that's how everyone in most businesses I have ever been to in Philly is (with the exception of DiBrunos and the flower shop down the block). You go in. You tell them what you want. You pay. You leave. Welcome to Philly where most people don't want to be your friend. Get over it.
But the food is the bomb.ok they definitely make the best bread ever. when you walk in it smells like warm bread too. and when they sell out of the bread they close, regardless of the time of day.I grew up eating this bread...my father had a standing order each week. It's absolutely the very best. I'd feel much better if the ladies at the register wore gloves or used tissue to handle the bread though. Touching money and bread with the same hands is pretty gross...Once this is resolved then they are a solid 5+ stars!One of the most confounding mysteries for me is the large number of people who think Sarcone's makes the "best bread"  in Philadelphia - I was contemplating this when picking up rolls for a friend's party.  The wan crust held "bread" that was fluffier than cotton candy, tasteless, really cheaply made (How I miss Mr. Lanci and his beautifully made loaves).  
I like the sesame crusted treccia better and agree that the tomato pie squares make for a satisfying snack.Sarcone's! How do you not know about Sarcone's!? If you are headed to Sarcone's, you must absolutely get the tomato pie (but make sure you get there early so they don't run out)!  Whenever we have family over, we have to get a tomato pie.  Their bread is also so good (love the sesame seeds on it).  Don't forget it is cash only!A true South Philly gem. I think this place has the best tomato pie I've ever had. (Disclaimer: I usually cop tomato pie from Corropolese since I live in the suburbs). This place is a no frills bakery with older, no nonsense Italian women manning the counter. The tomato pie here is $2.50 for a slice of plain. The sauce is slightly sweet but has great herb flavor. I think the crust is the best part. It exhibits the perfect degree of crispness but is still pillowy and airy in the middle. I have yet to try other Italian joints known for their tomato pie in the area but I have a strong feeling Sarcone's will continue to be my go-to.Went during the Italian Market festival, and got to the bakery at 3:15 (they are suppose to close at 3)...so there were little left to purchase. I got some tomato pie (with cheese)....hmmmm tasty. Fluffy, but not too fluffy, and thick. I ate it with pasta that night and it was a nice treat than the normal garlic bread.Love it.  Their bread is the best, their tomato pie is the best, the price can't be beat, etc. Not much to say here that others haven't, except this:
Make french toast out of the seeded loaf.  I beg you to try this.
Always buy more than you will need for whatever else you're doing with it, because this bread makes the best french toast and bread pudding in the UNIVERSE.5 Stars! Some of the best bread you can have. Get there early, though. They're normally out of bread by 11am. Another good sign. If you find yourself shut out of the bread supply, they always have pizza crusts, garlic bread and pepperoni bread available.This place is why Philly can make a case for being the sandwich capital of the world. I'm a huge fan of their rolls, they are nice and chewy which helps remind myself to actually chew instead of trying to devour the hoagie whole.
I had the junkyard special the other day, a great combination. With a bag of chips its $10 so not cheap otherwise this would be my daily lunch. I was impressed that in addition to the sliced provolone there was actual marinated mozzarella hunks throughout the sandwich, what a delicious bonus. Both the turkey and prosciutto were as fresh as can be. My biggest complaint was this sandwich stuck with me the rest of the afternoon in the form of cotton mouth. I did not go out the previous night so this was not hangover-related and instead must be a result of the dry herbs in the sandwich. A small price to pay for such a tasty treat.I was at a business meeting in Phili and had a half day just to wander the streets.  My buddies and I were walking and I said we should see if we can find a cannoli for a snack, after all, were in Phili!  One of my buddies says, "WHATS A CANNOLI"!  AAAAAhhh, I was stunned!  Anyway, we walked into Sarcone's and the very nice lady filled three Cannolis on the spot.  NOW HE KNOWS!  They were awesome!  I am from Pittsburgh and have had good, I have had from Tramini Brothers and they are good but, these were just that much better!Since great bakeries open early, if you want to be a good customer (and get some of their fine treats) you should arrive early.
I had some friends visiting this weekend from out of town and they were Philly haters (notice the use of "were")  I knew we'd be in for a day of beer and city sights but I wanted to show them something that I think this city is famous for.  I did my own take on the roast pork, broccoli rabe, aged provolone.  Sarcone's supplied the bread.
I went with the seeded long rolls because I love them.  When I walked in, the bread was hot and I could smell how fresh it was.  It's that alluring smell that makes you just want to rip off a piece and eat it.  It doesn't need butter, it's perfect as is.  Like a fresh shot of espresso with perfect crema on top, there is a small time window to experience this bit of epicurean joy.
My friends did manage to stop mid meal and say "damn, this is a fine sandwich, perhaps we judged this place too quickly" and then went back to eating. I smiled knowing that they were having a good time in Philadelphia and that Sarcone's bread played a huge roll in that.This place wasn't on our reader, but the sweet woman working at the Italian Market Visitors Center recommended it for their tomato pie. 
We grabbed a slice to go and it was delish. Thick crust, nice tomato flavor with some dried spices and sprinkled cheese on top. Not typical Sicilian pizza, but famous in Philly. 
Apparently, it's an institution and reportedly make the best bread in the area.The best bread period ! When I pick up my long rolls I always get an extra roll to eat on the way home......yes it's that good !!!Does no one else eat the cookies here? The tiny, adorable, delicious little pieces of heaven? I bought pounds of them into work and made myself briefly popular. They're great dipped in coffee!I live in Philly for a little while and this bakery makes the best tomato pie so when I was back in the city it was a must for me... if you are in philly I would say the tomato pie and Philly cheesesteaks are a must. For a couple bucks you get an awesome piece of pie. They can sell out of it so would get there before 12.I lived on 9th and Christian back in 06-08, and I would try to get a few slices of their sicilian pie every week. Whatever I didn't eat, I froze it, and after frying it up in the cast iron skillet, it would almost taste just as good as fresh baked. I've had pizza all over, with the exception of Italy, and Sarcone's has the best sicilian I've had to this day. And let's not forget those fresh rolls and everything else they have to offer. Don't go there expecting some end-all-be-all experience, but do expect some great rolls and an awesome slice of sicilian. Then head over to 12 steps down, have a few pints, and hobble down the road to pat's. Living on that block was pure heaven.What can I say... legendary place, where a lot of the quality cheesesteaks are made from.With out a doubt, best bread in town. Will stop out of my way to get a loaf, seeded of course. Make sure you stop by early enough, because some days by three o'clock closing, they are all sold out. 
Always make sure to pick up a slice of the tomato pie, which is excellent. Try the delicious, and very cheap, biscotti's as well. You'll be surprised how good they are.This place can kiss my ass.  I was supposed to get a seeded Italian loaf for Christmas Eve dinner today.  I confirmed their hours earlier in the week -- they were supposed to open at 7:30 a.m.  I called again this morning and though no one answered, the outgoing voicemail message said the same thing.  I got there at 7:20 a.m. and there was already a line down the block.  Nbd, I expected a little wait.  They didn't open their doors until 8:15 a.m.(!), so I stood there in line for 45 minutes in the freezing rain.  Nobody comes out to say anything, nobody says there's a delay and come back in an hour if you want -- people started leaving.  At 8 a.m., I said I would wait 15 more minutes, because I had already invested 40 minutes of my time and I didn't want to walk away, and that turned out to be the time they finally open the doors.  The place is small, so I still didn't get in immediately, but at least the line started moving.  By the time I got in (and, mind you, I was one of the first people in line), they had no seeded Italian loaves, so I ended up buying a dozen long rolls.
To make matters worse, the people behind the counter were SUPER RUDE.  One employee told a guy in front of me, "Next!" and when he didn't immediately step in front of her, she shouted in a very nasty tone "NEXT!!!"  Nobody says "Merry Christmas" or even good morning.  Nobody apologizes or even acknowledges that you've been waiting in line an hour for a $2.50 loaf of bread that they are somehow sold out of the minute they open their doors.
The thing is, this isn't the first time I've had an experience like this here, it's just the first time I've been angry enough to come home and write about it.  I live in the neighborhood, and they're always rude, and they always act like they're doing you a favor by selling you their bread.  The bread is good, but not so good that anyone ought to wait in line for it.  There are other bakeries around and, honestly, ShopRite has a pretty solid bakery.  I mean, Jesus Christ, it's just bread -- you're not curing cancer.  As long as we continue to give these assholes our money, they're going to keep treating people like this.
Maybe the owner doesn't care, but I'm giving him/her/them the benefit of doubt that they're unaware.  But I see other people's reviews mention the shitty attitude of the workers, so if you've had a shitty experience here, let them know.warm bread, can't go wrong except when they close early on weekends bc they sell out of bread. hold a freaking sec, sell out of bread?! you are the freaking bakers!! Ugh. Service is great though, lovely ladies at register.We got there around noon today and managed to get the last 5 steak rolls ($.45 each) in the basket so definitely get there early if you want more than a few rolls.  The rolls here are the best in Phila so it's understandable that they are perpetually in high demand.  They have the perfect crusty and flavorful shell and soft, light interior, which is just delicious with a schmear of truffled pate (I get mine from Trader Joe's).  We also got a pound of the almond biscotti ($9/lb) and a slice of the tomato pie ($2) to munch on while waiting for our appointment with the herbalist a block away (Dan Khang).  The tomato pie was delicious with a thick, Sicilian-style crust, robust and savory sauce, and just the perfect sprinkling of Parmesan.  It was also huge!  The biscotti was good but not as amazing as Isgro's, but I've been spoiled rotten by Mike's Pastries (in Boston) and Isgro's so, in all honesty, the cookies here are very good, compared to those at all other places besides those two.  If you are down at the Italian Market or grabbing brunch at Sabrina's a block away, make sure you stop by and grab some rolls to take home.  And maybe a few slices of pizza, too.Ummm Holy Cannoli! Yeah that Covers it! So we unearthed Sarcone's at the suggestion of our friend and plotted our walking tour of Philly to include a pitstop for dessert. After 15k steps it was earned. They are made to order and worth going the extra mile to get there before closing time. My boyfriend said next trip we start and end there....I'm not complaining one bit.They make best Italian bread in South Philly. I always get the seeded kind. Make sure you go there early on Saturdays because they sold out quickly. They also make pizza and cookies. Cash only.This place is the best. It just SMELLS legit inside, the way any great bakery should. After all, this place is an institution.
Sarcone's tomato pie is a definite highlight. A sturdy and soft base sits beneath smooth pureed tomatoes, sprinkled with oregano and tiny flecks of hard Italian cheese. They also have pizza in the same style.
The rolls and cookies look great, though I've never tried them. Check out their deli down the street too.Maybe it's because I'm not Italian, but I struggled to understand all the hype here. I waited 15 minutes for their famous tomato pie, and it was just mediocre. The service was also a bit brusque. It's cool as a traditional and historic family-run business. But if you're looking for good eats, try elsewhere.Top notch, The Best. Got our long seeded hoagie rolls from here to make sandwiches for a party and everyone kept telling us how delicious they were.
Best decision we made. No other place in the city has rolls / bread that fresh and delicious. 
 Will not go any where else.