1st time visitor, and will def. be back. Moist and flavorful chicken. Surprisingly, I didn't want or need any bread, roll, cornbread or biscuit. The fried rice with egg, chicken and onions was so awesome I could have just ate that by itself!! I got a large container of it to go! I didn't try the dessert but was glad they had some and will  try it next time
Atmosphere -  clean and plenty of seating. Wasn't sure which way to go in to order though
Location - easy to find, parking was ok
Price - more than I was expecting, but worth it
Staff-  friendly and looked like they enjoyed what they were doing and were happy to serve 
Music -  not too loud not too soft ... just right
All together great spot and perfect for  a SFdancer! - Seat Food Dancer - Someone who dances/moves in their seat when the food is good- yep I just made that up ... well at least I gave it that name lol, cause those of y'all that dance know what I am talking bout!Really solid rotisserie chicken! The chicken is very flavorful and juicy. The sides are pretty decent, but can definitely be improved. The portions are quite generous and the prices are pretty fair. The staff is very friendly as well. The mixed grill is very good and is plenty of food for 2 people. I haven't tried the majority of things on the menu because the rotisserie chicken is good. I have taken many people here and they always enjoy.Their food is ok.  What keeps me and everyone else coming back is their sauce. Otherwise, your better off buying their sauce and eating a supermarket prepared rotisserie chicken.Fresh and big portions. Cheap is a terrible word to use. The price is cheap but the quality and service is not. Super busy but still fast and friendly.Great food. Large portions.  Good atmosphere. Totally recommend.  I had the chicken, rice and beans and plantains. Husband had Ultimate Mixed Grill.  Everything was great.  I am really glad we tried this place.  We are definitely going back.Sardis chicken is unbelievably flavorful, juicy, and hot. Half chicken traditional or ask for all dark if you're feeling juicy. They have a good selection of sides that are healthy. If you are looking for more flavor though definitely try the plantains, yuca, fried rice (chaufa) and the mashed potatoes. Empanadas are delicious when they have them. Their ceviche is definitely a wild card. Served in a traditional Peruvian plate up with bib lettuce. Sweet potatoes that are boiled in cinnamon and other spices balanced so perfectly with the Cancha and boiled sweet corn. Acidic, spicy, and fresh!!! This place is awesome. Staff at times can seem overwhelmed but every time i go in i have a great experience.It's great to have a Peruvian chicken place in Philadelphia. Prices are very good (specially if you come with your party of 4). The best deal is the one that includes a whole chicken with 3 large sides and a 2L bottle of Inka Kola (Peru's favorite soda). Good chicken flavor, kind and helpful staff, clean space and nice musical background (Latino Music).When your fellow diners are policemen, taxi drivers, women in hijabs, a priest, millennial finance guys, petite Asian women, Philly locals and a strange looking guy with a small disheveled therapy dog in tow, you know you have come to the right place.  Located in a strip mall down the street from the hotel we had landed in, this Yelp recommendation did not fail to satisfy and makes us wish that this Maryland Peruvian chain 'Fast' food restaurant was as ubiquitous as the predictable Boston Market brand that can be found next door. Don't be put off by the looming presence of the dialysis treatment facility next door. I suspect a lot of their clients come running to this friendly and yummy restaurant immediately after treatment.  The extensive menu featuring Peruvian favorites with a smattering of Mediterranean type offerings (think Lamb Gyros) is a revelation and took a while to sort through.  But you shouldn't miss the house specialty- the charbroiled chicken.  My only regret was not getting the half chicken, as my smaller dark meat quarter chicken was licked clean and left me wanting for more. Moist, infused with umami lemon saltiness, this chicken ranks up there as one of the better roast chickens that have passed through these lips.  Judging by the strewn bone carcasses left by my fellow eclectic diners, they would agree. Sides of beans and Yuca were solid. Great side sauces and tempting desserts (bread pudding hit the spot).  This strip mall restaurant (lots of seating, no tableside service but they will bring your dine in order to the table) is a hidden gem.  The service was friendly and surprisingly homey and honest with that Philadelphia brotherly love toughness oozing through. A winner in my books.I grew up going to authentic Peruvian restaurants and was so HAPPY to find Sardi's in Philly that compared so well! I went for lunch while at SJU nearby and even before I opened my to go container, everyone in my class was salivating just from the smell!
I can't say that I have eaten anything else but their roasted chicken, mostly because it is so good, I can't say no to it when I get there. I get half with white rice, black beans and maduros (sweet plantains) for a startling CHEAP $9. I really can't believe how much food you get for such a small price. I guess it surprises me even more, because unlike the hole in the wall places I'm used to going to - this one is very clean and feels very American inside. I say American, as in it almost feels like a fast food place inside. Although they do have tables and tvs, it doesn't feel warm and cozy like other Spanish restaurants. 
As many others have mentioned, their dipping sauces really are the icing on the cake with flavor. I recommend the yellow and green sauces, and mixing them together! 
I am happy to see that they employ many Latinos behind the counter and that I get to practice my Spanish while I'm there. I highly recommend Sardi's and I'm hoping they open one closer to Buck's county so I can stop buying those sad & bland shoprite roasted chickens.This location does not live up to its standards set by Maryland locations servings are nowhere near ass big and the food is not as fresh. It also cost a tad bit more if you are from D.C. ,Maryland,Va area and know about Sardis don't expect it to be exactly the same. I wouldn't eat here if I hadn't been to the other locations which are all great. Sorry Philadelphia you don't get the real Sardis experience!I must say this place is MUY, MUY DELICIOSO!!!! I tried a couple of entrées and was COMPLETELY happy! The Salchipapas is aaawesoommmee (see my emphasis)! They also give hearty portions.The key to a good restaurant/food is to never slack or get comfortable, always stay on top & keep the vision. I most definitely will be back.The chicken is dynamite. I mean, mouth watering good. We love the sides too. Can't believe we've lived in BC for two years are have only just found this place. We LOVE it.Cool place with cool service -- reasonable price for a whole bunch of food, but they don't provide toothpicks. Well, maybe they don't know what they are for. Oh, did I say correctly? Lol..My first visit here, and I'm a Fan. While waiting for my food, Half Chicken, plus Sardi's Salmon, I had a sample of the chicken salad, and Maaaan!! It was bangin'.  When I get home, it's on!I've been here to grab food on a few occasions, all times were after going to the gym down the street. 
This was the first place I have ever tried Peruvian food and it sure did impress me. The menu is large with a huge variety of options ranging from chicken entrees to salmon, steak, and even lamb chops. I usually order the Churrasco de Pollo (charbroiled chicken specialty entree), it comes with two sides (so many sides to choose from, there will be something to please everyone! From mixed veggies to potatoes and even fried plantains). 
Everything I have eaten here has been delicious. Your order includes 3 dipping sauces too. They are very flavorful and unique from any other sauces I have ever tried and make the food even more tasteful. 
I have never had a bad experience here other than having to wait quite some time for my food -- but the workers always notify me that it will take some time to cook before I place my order! Once you order you're given a number and you can be seated. The workers bring your food directly to you after it's done being put together!What a great find!  While the service can be a little sketchy (the cashier literally rolled her eyes and sucked her teeth as I stepped up to place my order-she was new), the food is awesome!
We ordered the chicken (rice/beans & plantains on the side) and a quesadilla.  The food was delicious and the portion sizes were more than generous.
I will definitely be going back soon!Big portions of delicious food for a great price with friendly service! Wish I had known of this place sooner!The reviewers before me were quite detailed, I'll save you some time - GO! NOW!
I can't having remember having chicken as delicious as this. I had the half with rice and beans and plantains. Breast was incredibly juicy. Everything excellent. Salsa verde = perfecta.
I'm in Ardmore and have been to Barbacoa a few times - they aren't in the same league. Not even close. As was said, really extensive menu. I'd love to try some of the other meats but the chicken is so outstanding, I don't know that I ever will.I give this place 4 stars for what it is...fast casual food. I think it's VERY important to keep that in mind. Some of the bad reviews seem to be judging it as if it's a fine dining establishment...it isn't. It's essentially fast food because quite frankly, I've waited LONGER in drive thru lines for MUCH WORSE food. That being said, yes, the rotisserie chicken is the item for which they are known best and it is juicy and well seasoned with delicious crispy skin. The white and fried rice is very good as are the fried plaintain, imo. The yucca...eh...heavy, u will feel it in your tummy, so...I'd say skip that. The vegetables are slightly salty but not so much that they're inedible. The place is nice and clean, service is fast and I, personally, find the staff pretty friendly. Overall, I eat here at least once a week, so...to give it anything less than 4 stars would just be unfair.We found a great Latin food place without having to go deep into philly.   The food was flavorful and they give you big portions.  Definitely stop by.  I will be back.Average/Good fast food peruvian restaurant. The sauces are good, and the chicken is good enough. Big and clean atmosphere.I've had many roasted chickens before,but never Peruvian so I was expected a bit more,especially after the yelp reviews.
The chicken was beautifully roasted,but was a bit pink in some areas.  The fried rice was amazing! The egg in the rice really made it everything for me.  Yuca fries were great and yummy. I was giving three dipping sauces whiched I used for my yuca. The chicken was moist enough. 
I would definitely go back and try something different.I'm going to put it out there... Best food on City Ave! Given its location and the hodge podge of crappy establishments around it, Sardi's doesn't have you expecting much. But please do yourself a favor and order the best chicken you've eaten in a long time.
Start by rolling down the window if you park in the back. You'll smell that heavenly chicken aroma. When you walk inside, you'll see how clean, roomy, and organized it is. And you'll see TVs showing soccer and hear Latin tunes playing. You'll also see the chickens cooking, taunting you, looking like they're waiting for your mouth. All the sides are out and look appetizing, too.
Now for the food... The pollo a la brasa is just damn delicious. Charcoal broiled, and you get the perfect amount of charcoal taste and seasoning. We ordered 1/2 a chicken, which didn't have the option of dark meat only (my preference), but the white meat was moist and tasty as well. 
We also ordered lomo saltado, which had great flavor, The steak was not as tender and juicy as the chicken, but it was still quite tasty. 
Sides we had were the fried rice (pretty standard but yummy) and mixed veggies for my toddler (looked pretty generic but was actually seasoned well). Fries are tasty, too. 
Good selection of Peruvian drinks, and next time we'll try dessert as well. Big booths, high chairs available, offer takeout (but I don't think delivery).
This place will be a regular for us!I probably get dinner from here once every two weeks. I usually get a whole chicken for me and my boyfriend plus the two sides. This not only provides us with dinner for the night but enough left over for lunch the next day! The chicken is so tasty and flavorful. The sides are awesome too...my favorites are the rice and the green beans. The sauces they give you for the chicken too are the best part! I've never been disappointed with a meal from here and it's quickly become one of my go to places. Sardis is the best!Had Rotisserie chicken, plaintain, fried rice and yucca. 
Everything was awesome and the service was friendly. ...Tried this place out today and LOVE it! I ordered the Carnes Asada with fried plantains and arroz chaufa. The steak was amazing and so was everything else. The staff there is extremely friendly and restaurant very is clean.Fantasitc food at a great price. I was a regular at the Beltsville location before moving to Philadelphia. When I heard they opened a location up hear I had to check it out and it lived up to all my expectations.So...I feel compelled to update, the update, lol. In my previous update, I removed a star, not due to the quality of the food, but because of some "issues" that I had with service. I promptly received an email from the management team apologizing and offering me a voucher for a free meal. Which...I redeemed. When I went in to redeem the voucher, the manager spoke with me about the issue and assured me that my review had been used as a training tool. I have been in several times since then and all is right again. I actually added a star because I appreciate an establishment that cares enough about their patrons to address customer service issues when they arise. The long and short of it is...I'm back on Sardis.I've missed having a pollo place since I moved back to the Philadelphia area in 2008 from North Jersey. Up there are a few Dominican places that always were my go to for great chicken. I ran across Sardi's by accident, seeing it as I went through the drive-thru at Starbucks and decided to get some to go. It was even better than what I've had in North Jersey! Moist and flavorful with amazing sauces and delicious sides (green beans and fried rice). Unfortunately the year had run out of tres leches cake but I hope I can get some next time. This will definitely be in regular rotation for great easy dinners.I have been to Peruvian restaurants and agree with the other reviewers who have eaten at Peruvian restuarants as well. The food was ok. The chicken was  pretty tender and flavorful, the fried rise had nice flavor, the plantains were not good (they were not the soft melt in your mouth consistency that is usual...most were hard as if perhaps under ripe plantains were used). I was not a fan of the fries under heat lamps, as I love fries and find the taste and consistency not good when left like that. The staff was friendly, service was fast. It's a nice alternative to some of the other restuarants near and better food than many of them as well, so good for every now and then. I'd like to try some of the other sides and dishes, so will return.Amazing every time! I always get the quarter chicken with Peruvian fried rice and plantains. They give you so much food for around$9. As everyone else mentions the sauces are so good! My favorites are the green and red. Sometimes the line can get pretty long but totally worth the wait.This place is a little hard to find- Google maps will take you down to PCOM if you use their listed address. If you are driving south on Belmont, make a right, NOT a left at City Ave and it'll be right on your left (across the street from Lord & Taylor etc).
The side portions are Sardi's are huge. A chicken breast and 2 sides will put you back $9 but will feed you for two meals. I shared with a coworker and we tried the plantains (amazing), yucca fries (pretty good), green beans (very good) and fried rice (pretty good). The chicken is so moist, so tender, with crispy skin that magically doesn't make you feel unhealthy at all. The Sardi's branded sauces take everything up a notch. 
The music is a little loud and the atmosphere leaves a bit to be desired (feels like you're at a typical pizza place in a strip mall), but when it comes to lunching- I will definitely be back.Meh! Im Peruvian, this place was ok at best.  Ordered Bistek a lo pobre, no egg, steak tasted like it had been sitting for at least two days.  A side of Anticucho was alright, but had never seen it served with homestyle potatoes and it shouldn't be.  Sauces were good, but I had never needed to pay for sauces, those are usually complimentary.  
Not impressed and wouldn't go back.Great food. Clean, reasonably priced. I'll deftly come again. Service could be better but the menu makes up for it.So here it is, my first post. I eat like a Yelp Elite member but am too lazy to post my experiences. Anyways...
I read about Sardi's on philly.com last week. So I decided to review the menu online and was impressed. On the menu, I noticed they have multiple locations in the DMV. So, I reviewed Yelp for those locations and immediately noticed their ratings. One location has 555 reviews with an average rating of 4.5 stars. It was then that I knew I had to try this place.
I arrived on Sunday, December 7, 2015 at noon. Upon entering Sardi's, a few folks were there checking out the paper menu and the menu board. Because I'd read the reviews and saw the pics, my mind was already made up. I settled on the antitchuco de corazon (beef hearts), the salmon and the perucho. To wash it down, I grabbed an Inca Kola.
While waiting for my food, the manager (owner?) bought out some of the rotisserie chicken to sample. Mind blowing! If someone believes that is the best chicken they've ever had, I wouldn't debate it. It was that good.
In short, everything was spectacular. The beef hearts came with roasted red potatoes and Peruvian corn. The beef hearts tasted like filet mignon. Very lean with a sweet flavor to them. The potatoes were also great, but I couldn't get into the corn. 
Next was the salmon. A beautiful, thick cut that was juicy and cooked perfectly. For sides, I ordered the delicious coconut white rice, fried rice and sweet plantains. All of them were delicious.
Finally, the perucho. The best way I could describe it would be a chicken sandwich on a brioche bun with a ceviche topping. It would've been a good sandwich w/o the ceviche. However, the ceviche took it to another level. My side was fried yuca which I dipped in their delicious house sauces (my personal favorite being the salsa amarillo).
Here's the kicker, though. All that food only came to $39, and because of the way Sardi's operates, you don't tip, so you're receiving premium value.
Finally (for real this time), the food is healthy. The proteins are lean and are cooked on either a spit or grilled on a flat-top. Add to that, there sides are all fresh vegetables, so if you obsess over your health/fitness like myself, you won't mind stuffing your face during your many future visits to this place.
Sardi's has big potential in the Delaware Valley. Because of the high quality of the food, the masterful preparation and the premium value, this place will shine. The owners should already have an eye on other locations such as Willow Grove, Plymouth Meeting, Montgomeryville, KOP, Center City and Cherry Hill.
Take a bow Sardi's, well done!Food and service is great. So many different things to try,so bring a partner and enjoy! Great prices, especially for the amount of food you receive.Love this place...the food is always perfectly seasoned and hot.  The platters are a very nice portion I normally get two meals out of mines.  The fried rice is so good and I don't know what that put on that chicken but it literally melts in your mouth.  My favorite sauce is the red one and I normally mix it with the white one.  It's always busy when I go but they are very quick so it's so worth it even if it looks crowded since over never waited more that 5-10 mins.OMG . Thats all I can say . so gooood! The Peruvian fried rice is delicious . I have nothing bad to say as of now about this place. Friendly staff, great food I haven't tried much on the menu but the charbroiled chicken is so yummy the skin is marinated to perfection!!!!On a good day, the food is great.  That being said, the food quality and portions have varied from each visit.  Meats under or over cooked, skimpy portions vs full portions, etc.  More recently, seems there has been management changes.  I was asked to pay an additional $4 for black beans on the white rice ... $4 for a spoon of beans? Over the past few years, as stated, its a different experience each time.  No consistency.great portion size and friendly service. i will definitely be back.I haven't try all of their selections,but their food looks really yummy!!
When ,I first went there I was confused,and overwhelm by the huge menu that they have. However, I try the grilled chicken,with rice and plaintains. The grilled chicken was tasty with the sauces added,but I just felt like I did not have enough!! The chicken rice was great kinda sticky tasting but, had flavor,and plantains were very super sweet and fulling !! The walk in intro could be better and reorganize , so could the tables on the sides,but this place is truly a hidden rock located on city ave.Check it out!Is ok. The people take order are always problem. They need to put someone there with good communication skills and customer service. This is the 3rd time they over charge.Good, but the seasonings on the chicken and the dipping sauces were not as good as what I've experienced in DC and Baltimore.  The dipping sauces were pre-packaged and not fresh. However, the service was good, and they offered authentic drinks.The day I went there I wasn't really so I just got some plantains and a tres leche cake. Actually I was craving a "dulce de leche" cake but I confused them and got that one instead ( didn't like it, way too milky). Plantains was really good and I loved all their dip.I recently reviewed Sardi's and gave it pretty rough criticism. The place definitely had potential but needed a lot of work. I was contacted by the owners a few days later and was pleasantly surprised. They reached out to personally apologize for the experience I had and wanted to thank me for swinging by.
It is rare to see business owners reach out and make a personal connection to their customers. I really do appreciate that they took the time to give some background on their products, including the fact that they even travelled to Peru to ensure the authenticity of the flavors.
I completely understand that even when business owners do their best to deliver quality, sometimes employees may just have a bad day or an off day altogether. I will return to try their food once again and their effort made all the difference in my opinion of the restaurant. I do hope to enjoy a good meal here next time.great foods, I always get charbroiled chicken with the different sauces that they offer.Very tasty, filling food with standard prices. I got an Inca Bowl for 10 bucks and it came with all their sauces. They also have peruvian drinks, coconut water, and unlimited refills. Prep can be faster but they probably need the time to make the food that deliciousThe best roasted chicken I've ever had! Really worth a try!  We were referred by staff from Abby's next door.  HahahaThis was one of my favorite restaurants to eat at in Philadelphia. But the recent change in management has left a very unpleasant taste. Portion sizes have decreases tremendously. Also the fact that one of my favorite managers was let go really doesn't sit well with me. As an avid Sardi's customer I'm appalled because part of the reason why I come her often is the friendly service and homely feeling. Which makes me want to spend my money here. But now with the recent and abrupt changes it makes me second guess coming here. Corporate needs to figure out something ASAP. ThanksThe food here is REALLY good so I'm going to give it 4 stars.  The staff on the other hand, have absolutely no idea what they're doing.  My coworkers and I actually discuss this whenever we are standing around waiting past our order pick up time.  This past week, we went at 12:15 and were informed they were out of gravy and salad...yes, all salad...no caesar, no garden, nada.  The lunch rush hasn't even started!  I've asked to join their rewards program but the cashier didn't know anything about it.  
As for the food, it's similar to boston market but much better...but also more expensive.  I generally get the rotisserie chicken sandwich with cheese and a side for $10.  A quarter white with 2 sides is $9.75.  My coworkers all love Sardi's food so we will continue to order, but we know to arrive an additional 10 minutes past the pick up time.Nothing fancy here but good food. Must get their fried chicken and their cake. Their fried chicken takes a little long so call ahead. Also a must is their green sauce.Had catered food from here and it was delicious! I walk past this place every day and have been meaning to try it so I'm glad I got to try their catered food because I was impressed. I'm definitely going to go into the actual restaurant now and try more of their itemsI usually love this place but I went today and was informed that there wasn't any sauce available. The sauce is what makes it so I was really upset. Please get your sauces back soon :(Great food ! Chicken is amazing! I got the ¼ white with two side and it was a large portion. I got the ride and green beans and a perucho sandwich everything was really good and I can't wait to go back! The staff was really friendly and the sauces were a great addition. The cashier woman was really sweet and helpful on the top choices.I've eaten at Sardi's twice and each time was impressed with the quality, service, price and amount of food. The roasted chicken is a must try as are the plantains and green beans; all delicious. Last night I had the lamb chops, and I was pleasantly surprised. They were nice and smoky and really good and I was expecting the worst. I also tried the mixed grill and the shrimp were good although the steak was a bit dry. The shocker for me was how delicious the tres leches cake is. Light and airy with the perfect amount of sweetness. I would go there just for this cake and you should too.Love Sardi's. It's magically delicious. I hope they add more locations in the Philadelphia area! I can't not stop by whenever I'm in the area. I made my most recent visit pretty late, when they had begun cleaning up. I ordered ceviche, and they made it! Other places would have said the ceviche (or anything else time-consuming/custom) was over for the night.Honestly, I can't say enough about this place. The food is incredible and the service is always amazing. The yuca fries are by far my favorite side. Don't skip out on the red sauce, it is the real star here!Peruvian Chicken is amazing! Everything we had tonight was cooked to perfection.  The Peruvian Chicken is juicy and tender with an amazing crisp on the outside. I am in love. The plantains were some of the best ive EVER had. Super ripe- soft and sweet.... Almost caramelized. The green beans are flavorful and with just the right amount of crunch. We also tried the shrimp which were fantastic as well. The portions are massive... I have an entire second meal basically that I took home with me. I will be back again 100% yummmmmmHad my eye on this place since they opened. As luck would have it, not only would I be driving by on Saturday but it was their official grand opening! 
WDAS had set up speakers in front blasting music and inviting folks to come on in! There was a balloon sculpture and a face painter. But the best thing going on was the FREE LUNCH!!!!
Yup. FREE LUNCH!
Each patron received a half chicken right out of the rotisserie and two sides plus a fountain drink! How can you beat that? You're right - you can't.
I sat down in a booth the spacious and bright restaurant. The leg and thigh were very good. I'm not a big dark meat guy but you could taste the flavor and goodness Peruvian BBQ has to offer. It was delicious. For my sides I tried a very good fried rice and so so French fries (the string beans looked good but I spied them too late in making my choices).
It was impressive how well they handled the big crowd to keep it moving fast. 
I liked Sardis very much but want to go back and try a number of other things on the menu. Definitely a place worth checking out of you are in the area!2 stars for ridiculous online app order concept. Doesn't work. Takes longer to get your food than just showing up and going through the line.My Boyfriend and I have been traveling to north philly for Peruvian food for the longest time until this place opened! We got the Bistec a Lo pobre and Aji de gallina with the Chaufa. Overall packed with good flavor and really hit the spot the Bistec was on the chewy side but that won't stop us from coming back and trying something different! The sauces are delicious, must dip!Solid place.  Good food with good portions. I usually go with the half chicken with the green beans.  It is a bit greasy tho.My update is that this place is great depending on what you get. Peruvian corn looks pregnant and like its on steroids taste god awful. I paid 18bucks for the lamb which is super tiny and not worth the price. Paid for string beens got home no string beans. Great . The Peruvian fried rice is delicious . Friendly staff, great food I haven't tried much on the menu but the charbroiled chicken is so yummy the skin is marinated to perfection!!!! Stick to the popular items on the menu.Their chicken is really tasty. The spices and use of charcoal give it a tremendous flavor. The skin is so good and crispy. They give you huge potions on sides, I almost told the guy serving me that it was to much and to put some back. The fried plantains are perfect texture and mildly sweet. The rice and brown beans were really good with and perfect with the plantains. I also asked for some sausage and with the rice and bean were perfect together. Nice and spicy chorizo with a crisp natural casing. The service was really nice as everyone was very accommodating and so friendly with big smiles and thank you.  Great Peruvian chicken and service.I've been returning almost weekly since they opened.  Clean, courteous and friendly service continues with Alex (manager) at the helm.  This restaurant has a large menu and I'm eating my way through it as I can.  To be honest though, I am hooked on their ceviche.  I am Peruvian and I can tell you their version catches the mix of flavors just right.   Last night we were there with friends (adults in one booth, kids in the other -- yay!).  Because our friends  are not Peruvian, we decided to share plates to have them try traditional Peruvian dishes (and gave us chance for tasting some for the first time too).  We had the Seco - a cilantro-based beef dish (yes!), Aji de Gallina - chicken cooked in yellow Peruvian spice (yummy!), Anticuchos - beef hearts marinated and then grilled smothered in amazing spices (make sure to eat this hot) and, of course, their chicken.  All these dishes are made with the proper flavors and presentations.  We did not have ceviche as, by 6:30 pm on a Sunday, they had sold out.  Excellent flavors and reasonably priced, this continues to be our favorite spot!  We have grown accustomed to driving to NYC or DC to have these flavors and we can finally have it locally.  By the way, they are opening a second Sardi's near Oregon Steaks in South Philly.  Yo!This place is great!  I went to the one in Laurel, MD when I was there for a weekend and really enjoyed it.  I found out about this one on Philly and my husband and I went there recently.  He didn't know what to expect and I think he was prepared not to like it.  We were both loved our meals!  I had the Churrasco de Pollo and he had the Bistec a lo Pobre.  Everything is delicious and you get so much food for the price.  The location isn't that great for us, but well worth going out of our way a bit for a great meal.  Can't wait to go back!The food is 5 stars but service is 2 stars and that changed our experience for the worse. If you order anything other than the rotisserie chicken, prepare to wait 30 minutes. Our food was actually ready after about 15 minutes but the kitchen was so disorganized that it sat for another 15 before we got it. The rotisserie chicken is excellent. Well seasoned and tender. Sides are also great. And the price is right. This place could sure use the help of an efficiency expert! Best bet is to get take out chicken and sides. Otherwise prepare for a very long wait.The food at Sardi's is so delicious and cheap, you'll be planning your next visit while eating your first meal! 
My boyfriend and I shared a half chicken with two sides (plantains and fries) and tres leches cake. The chicken was tender and flavorful. The cake was moist and the perfect amount of sweet. Despite only ordering one meal, we were completely stuffed. 
I can't wait to return as I MUST try the grilled beef hearts other Yelpers are raving about! If you had any reservations at all about trying Sardi's, forget about them. Sardi's is 100% worth the trip, the money, and the stomach space!Sorry Nando's you've been dethroned. This place is amazing! I'm addicted to this place. I've never made it past the quarter white chicken with two sides on the menu but the rest of the menu looks very diverse and promising. The chicken is well seasoned all the way through and the sauces really hit the spot. My favorites are the salsa verde and salsa roja. The plantains in the plantain side dish never cease to be perfectly ripe and the fried rice side is usually the first thing on my plate that I finish.
The service is extremely friendly and getting your food is fast. Paying for the food can be a little slow sometimes (seriously, do we really need to be signing our receipts? This is a restaurants chain). The ambience of the restaurant also leaves a little be desired (I'll continue ordering to go).Thanks to Yelp reviews, we went on their recommendations to try Sardi's. We ordered a whole chicken with String beans, the house fried rice, plantains, and yuca fries. There was enough to take some home too. There was just the two of us with a big appetite. Yet, still had some to take home. we will return to have their moist chicken and to try other dishes. You should come visit. Checkout  the reviews of others to help with your decision to order .Large portions, moist chicken, decent sides.  Small parking lot in the front but there's more in the rear of the restaurant.  The green sauce is a bit spicy but delicious.Walk immediately past the cashier stations on your left and go straight to the far station to check the menu and make your order! Look for the 'order here' sign and go for it! If you are craving Peruvian chicken, order away. If you want to also order from the plethora of other options and grilled meats, it might take you awhile to order... just like me. If nothing else than the chicken, I cannot emphasize enough than to get the grilled beef short ribs. Try it with each of the four different sauces; you can't really go work here.Ordered the 1/2 chicken plate with 2 sides. For $11.50, this is such a steal. They really pack on the sides!
I was literally just staring at awe as the kid behind the counter scooped not 1, not 2, but 3 scoops of rice for me. Then topped it off with black beans. My second side was fried plantains and this kid might as well have poured the entire container on my plate. The whole show was incredulous.
As for the food itself, the chicken was fall off the bone tender. The roasting process imbued a delicious smokiness while also bringing out all the flavors of the marinade. The rice and beans were okay. I could have definitely used a little citrus on there. Lastly, the plantains were delicious, hearty, yet sweet. All of it plus the salsa verde sauce (green cup) made each bite so good. 
Food coma so worth!Went here based on proximity to Hilton and Yelp reviews.  Wasn't disappointed.
Was going to order 1/4 chicken meal but the birds looked small so went with 1/2.  Got the fried rice (seemed like it had been there awhile...) and the mixed veggies (a lot of carrots & cauliflower and broccoli stems).  Will get different side dishes here next time but the chicken and the sauces were very good.Everything I said before still goes. Love this place. There is one thing worth mentioning that does detract a little from my delight. Even when you dine in, everything except the tray is single-use plastic. I wish they (among many places) would use biodegradable (or preferably, reusable) materials.I just wish food establishments would be consistent in their food preparation.  The seasoning amounts and cooking time should be the same regardless of who is preparing it.  The recipe should not change.
My first experience at Sardi's and Peruvian food was about a month ago.  Got the 1/2 chicken platter.  The chicken was absolutely delicious; well seasoned and moist - cooked perfectly.  My second visit  I tried the Churrasco de Pollo.  Again, absolutely delicious.  Stopped there today.  Wanted the Churrasco de Pollo, but due to a time factor did not have time to wait.  Got the 1/2 chicken platter instead; very disappointing.  It lacked the taste of my first experience.  It seems that the seasoning was missing and it was a tad over cooked. 
The vegetables (broccoli cauliflower carrots and mixed vegetables) are so-so.  I doctor them up to my taste when I get home.  
I gave a four star rating because I really enjoyed my first two visits.  My next visit, I'll try one more time,  will determine if it stays there or decreases and if I'll go back.The food is delicious 9/10 times, I will start with that. However, I have been a loyal customer since I was a college park md resident 8 years ago. When they moved to Philly I was psyched. When they opened they did my favorite whole chicken special for 24 bucks and that included a 4th side if I didn't want the 4 cans or 2 liter it came with. Tonight I came by to get my usual. No more drink included and now any extra side is full price. I paid 37 dollars. I understand cost adjustments based on inflation, I'm in the restaurant business for 15+ years, but thirteen bucks in a year is insane. Also the yuca fries were rock hard and ice cold tonight. These guys have always been solid and portions have been nothing short of generous, so I'm hoping that this change isn't permanentHands down the best food around. The prices great and the portions are large.   Delicious food.  I go to Sardis at least once a week.The best burrito and burrito bowl I've ever had. Not to mention amazing sides. They also have a great selection of sauces that pair so well with the food. I highly suggest going here over any typical chain you were going to get your burrito from.They've raised prices here a few times in the past year which is quite disappointing. Food and value was great, but with the price increases not sure it's worth it as much. Definitely stopped visiting as often. Food is heavy for lunch but tasty. If you get anything but the chicken expect to wait quite a while.