Place seems okay. Young girls working the front. Profanity talking to each other. Waited 1 hour for platters.  Too long for platters I think. Too much gossiping and unorganized up front. Food was good nothing special. If faster service it would be nice. Do not know who's doing the cooking in back. Although girls up front needs to be more organized they were respectful and okay customer service. Probably wouldn't return unless I'm really hungry. Tip is to get there early. Long long wait.Never disappointed. Food always good great helpings and the owner is so sweet. The breast bites are to die forI've had the food here many times, & it is always delicious. Favorites: cabbage, mac n cheese, salmon. My 8 year old absolutely adores their mac n cheese & she's picky. The staff is friendly over the phone and in person. They also have great dessert.Don't play with Saud!!! Ms Saud my husband picked up 8 platters last night from you and he said you were so hospitable and your love for what you do as evident!! Besides the wait time everything was perfect. We did try to call in advance but was unable to get through. That furthered my belief that her food must be just that damn good.  I personally sampled your fine cuisine at Del State homecoming at your food truck station... last night jerk chicken platter was nothing short of amazing. Everyone was satisfied with their platters... prices are good and the portion size, well just say you have enough for breakfast and lunch the next day!! We're from Wilmington but you can expect us to come back again and again!!! Thank you..The Harpers!!!So far I've had the chicken, lamb & chicken chops, green beans, mac n cheese, & collard greens. It was a PARTY IN MY MOUTH! I can't wait to try the banana pudding, cabbage, turkey spaghetti-well everything on the menu :-) Very friendly service!Wonderful food. Great staff. Enough food on platter to feed two people. If you have never ate this you have to get a platter.I was a little skeptical about trying this place out because I've heard people had different views on the food as to whether it was good or not. I finally was able to get a platter. I had the Cuban turkey wings with rice, mac and cheese and sweet potatoes. All I can say is the food was delicious. There was enough food to feed a couple people. I will say that my money was well spent. My mom got the fish, mac and cheese and yams and she enjoyed her meal. My nephew got the jerk chicken and he was well pleased. To all those that want to try Country Cookin go ahead, you won't be disappointed. Those that say that the food is oh so nasty has either not really ate there and is going off of haters or I just lucked up. One thing for sure and two things for certain, I don't eat nasty food. I would throw it away first. I will visit Country Cooking againMy 1st experience with this place was OK. About a year ago my co-workers ordered food & it looked pretty good. So feeling a little lazy & not wanting to cook tonight I remembered this mental picture in the back of my mind. I figured I'd give them a try. For delivery I had to order two platters. So I got the fish (whiting) with greens and yams and chicken bites with green beans and mac & cheese. Let's just say I can take it or leave it. The food wasn't as great as I've heard from others but it wasn't terrible. The highlight of ordering from this place was that they have really good customer service and the yams were pretty good too (and I don't really like yams that much). So in short, it's fine in a pinch but home cooking always wins.I hade heard of Country Cooking a few months ago from a family member. I visited the website and was quite confused! The pictures, the font, the menu all seemed reflective of Crackle Barrel and NOT your typical Soul Food establishment. Based on the site, I chose not to go st that time.
Fast forward, I came across a picture on IG hashtagged #CountryCooking. The food looked so good, I had to try it out. I visited the website again-- same terrible format n generic pics from before, but I did not let it stop me this time.
I went on a Friday around 12:30 and it was already kind of crowded. The restaurant is small, but clean and well kept. The young lady at the counter was pleasant and professional and took my order in a timely manner. I ordered the fried whiting platter, mac, cabbage & green beans with a slice of strawberry cake. 
The wait was quite extensive. I was there for about 45 minutes standing and waiting for my order. But once I received it, I was not disappointed. The fried fish was fried crispy and golden. It was seasoned properly as well. The cabbage was great n the MAC was cheesy. Had a slight sweet taste to it, but it was still delicious. The cake was good, just a little too sweet for me. It tasted more like fruit punch than strawberry. 
Overall I enjoyed my experience as well as the food. I would definitely call ahead of time as opposed to waiting in the store for my food. 
I'd definitely return.
Oh and please for the love of God, UPDATE YOUR WEBSITE!Great soul food! Honey BBQ breast bites are amazing! Potato salad taste just like mom's. Definitely worth the wait!!!  If you're in Philly, you have to come and check it out!The best fried fish I have tasted besides my mom's,lol. The staff inside was very friendly Ashley Imani those girls are the best while I waited for my food they engage me in the conversation awesome staff! The mac and cheese was a bit sweet which is something different than what I'm normally used to the greens were on point and the strawberry cake was to die for! I will definitely be back again and again and again!!!Food is decent but they never answer the phone and the customer service is very mediocre.....Service is terrible! There isn't any kind of organization and they let your food sit cold because there isn't anyone keeping up with your orders .  Very unprofessional.  Food is good though! Not good enough for an hour wait thoughThis place is indeed a hidden gem! For $12.50 I got the most amazing baked mac and cheese and jerk chicken, and some good candied yams. The young man who helped me was funny and polite. I asked who cooked everything and he informed me that the woman who owns the place really does make everything. It's incredible. I have only been able to make it through maybe 1/4 of the food I was served and cannot wait to reheat it for dinner :-) Definitely get it to go, no real place to sit down to eat and definitely plan to go back!I've always wanted to eat here but never got the chance but TODAY.....TODAY I HAD TIME!!!! first thing first congrats on the new store. I've got the Cuban turkey wings with the Mac & cheese an cabbage, my gf got the bbq chicken with all Mac & cheese bcuz she's weird as shit an BUL Let me tell ya it was yopppin! it was 10 dollars today (s/o 10 dollar Thursday) but it's worth every bit of 15.50. Everyone should try this place, I wouldn't say it's a hidden gem because it was crowded as shit ctfu. The wait isn't that long because it's worth it. A lady left bcuz of the waiting time idk what she was doing but I ain't have shit to do. Anyway this place gets 5 stars. Most importantly this is a all black business. Plus there's no pork on the menu which is always a plus for a lot of people.the other night i went to saudia shuler's and had a great meal.someone had told me it was the best soul food in philly and coming from georgia, i believe it. mac and cheese excellent, sweet tea that will melt your teeth just as it is intended to do. good fried chicken. i was also really impressed by the place because i left my wallet there and when i called, saudia herself told me she had found it and would hold onto it for me until i came to get it. i never thought i'd ever see that thing again and was very grateful. this place also has a cool atmosphere with the barberseats in the back and the r&b. i'll be back!Food is great! The customer service sucks! Rude, attitudes, and very disrespectful! Then you combine the service with the food, the service outweighs the food. Just because the food is good that doesn't give you the right to be rude!!!!! I will never order from there ever again! Soul II Sole has better service!Excellent excellent excellent! I must say that this place is very good. I love their fried fish platter... the greens are always well seasoned and the yams are wonderful! The only thing about this place is the wait time  I waited about 1 hour for my food one time... keep up the good work Saudia!Get the Mac and cheese. Less on star because not all items listed on the menu are available every night.My boyfriend and his mom intrduced me to this place a few nights ago. They were both saying how good the food was. Given that my boyfriend is a picky eater - and I was restarting a diet the next day - I'd figured I'd give it a try. 
I ordered the fried breast bites platter with Mac & Cheese and string beans. I will say you definitely gets your money's worth; it's a LOT of food. (I ended up taking the leftovers for lunch the next day and splitting w/ a coworker; didn't start my diet per schedule)
The breast bites were awesome. Fried just enough, juicy on the inside. 
The string beans were good but i could pick up on a sweet taste. It was different but good. I prefer spicier ones but i understand why it wasnt.
The M&C was pretty good, although i wish it wwas a little more cheesier. My boyfriend also had M&C and his portion looks a little more moisturized than mine so maybe i just got a bad side of the pan.
Overall, I really liked this place. Cant wait to go back and try the jerk chicken and some other awesome sounding menu itemsFood was delicious! My boyfriend ordered the jerk chicken platter with cabbage and mac & I got the fried chicken bites with sweet potatoes and string beans. Girls at the counter were nice but the wait was pretty long - next time we'll have to call and order ahead. Definitely worth the wait though!First time I visited this restaurant today.   Definite must try!  for the price you get a lot of food.  Not sure what she puts in that MAC and CHEESE but even when you are full your like you have to have another bite.   I had the fried whiting, mac and cheese and yams.  The yams were good also.  The only complaint that I had was the rice, so 1 less star because Rice is important to Caribbean people :0).....it was cooked well but it was not seasoned.
Also, I would call first..I had to wait a bit for the food..no issue...but if you are in a hurry...  Don't by the menu they give you..its outdated..they have their food items listed.
I will definitely go back and find another item to try; and post another review to make sure they are consistent.The yams tastes like they came straight out of a can, the rice tastes like bland rice-a-roni, the skin of the jerk turkey wings was ok. The meat itself was bland.Love everything I've ever had here.  Had the jerk chicken (spice was perfect), whiting, candied yams, greens and the mac and cheese is amazing.  Lifting one platter feels like it weighs 5lbs. no lie.  It's enough food for a few days for one person.Country cookin did not disappoint. I've been eating from this soul food spot for years and the consistency in food is always spot on. Try the chicken breast bites, they are so juicy and seasoned to perfection. The macaroni and cheese was delicious with lots of cheese. Also, the candies yams are sweet. I really pigged out. I had vanilla cake and it was very moist and tasty. BEWARE...Blue Magic!!! It is super duper sweet. FYI...call ahead to place your order as fried foods are made to order. Sorry! No picture!Service was good- the chicken was ok and the MAC...oh the MAC...that they brag about is ok!!! Thats it....I was so disappointed...just because you put some herbs in a mac and cheese doesnt make it good! It was not seasoned well! and definitely needed more cheese!!! The collard greens were flavorful....most of the food is already done...they have the sides out in front of you and the place is clean... but that MAC is why I came and I was so mad at how....average..it was....I hope they do better!The Yams are terrific, mac and cheese not so much  one of the lady's had great customer service the other one not so greatMy husband and I stopped by this afternoon - easy to get to, a block off Ridge in East Falls.  Mac and cheese was unbelievable.  Definitely homemade, very cheesy.  My husband loved the yams - said they were like candy.  The portions were so huge that we didn't even get to the chocolate cake yet - saving that for later.Went there with a friend. Tiny little place, but eventually found it. Went to the corner barbershop by mistake, the first time-lol.
I had the breast bites and my friend had the wings and mac and cheese. Everything was decent, but nothing close to spectacular like several other posters rated the mac and cheese. 
Service was fine, unlike another poster commented. The lady working there was very helpful.I love her food and warm ness! She greeted us and made me feel like i knew her forever! Not to mention the platters are gigantic and really delicious. Definitely worth the drive and money! Chicken breast was still moist inside and the Mac and greens were awesome. Will definitely go back and take friends and family visiting to her restaurant!What a great find!  How come I never knew about this place before?  It's kind of secret I guess to those who aren't in the know.  Had fantastic fried chicken and heaping heaping portions of rockin' baked mac & cheese and collard greens.   Everything was perfectly seasoned and very "home cooked" tasting.  And what huge portions on a take-out platter for 10 bucks!  I had enough for leftovers for lunch the next day.    I'm sold and will go back.  They're only open Thurs, Fri and Sat (during summer) and not sure if I'd wanna hang out in the neighborhood late at night, but these are small limitation for some awesome grub.Let me start by saying. If you're in a rush don't go, most orders takes between 30 - 45 minutes. Besides the long wait, the food was AMAZING. The prices are reasonable, especially for the amount of food you're getting. The Cuban Turkey Wings were my parents favorite. A different taste, but very good. My sister loved her Fish Platter. From it's crispy crunch, and it's freshness. The Buffalo Breast Bites are my favorite. Juicy, Thick, Flavorful, and definitely a nice size. Every platter took two sittings to finish. Cabbage were good, Yams were good and not too sweet, MAC n Cheese was just okay, Green Beans were surprisingly GOOD. The Seafood Salad was cool. I'm only saying cool, because I make a killer seafood salad that's requested for all my family events. I expected more, but hey.Very very long wait to n food. Won't be back this the second time this happen. When I order they have already ran out of four items. Not to mention poor customer service. The young lady told me what's was 86 after I place three different orders because of lack of food. Waited a hour still no food so I got my money backEver hear someone say that something was so good that they would smack their mama? well this is the food they are talking about! I can not stress enough how awesome the food is. The Breast bites are pieces of chicken breast meat that's covered in a homemade seasoning and breading. I always plop some of the homemade BBQ sauce on the side of the platter so i can dip. love that shit! The candied Yams are the best i have ever had. No question! I dont even eat them anywhere else much and i order them every time with my meal from Saudia's. They have this gooey, candy, syrup thing going on that's soo bangin' that when I'm done eating the Yam's, i drink the juice. What do i care? I'm a pig anyway. I drink pickle juice too! so what? Anyway,  I also get a side of homemade Mac & Cheese. Again, its delicious. It always has that burnt layer on top, you know the shit you use hope the lunch lady gave you with the hairy mole on her face back in school! Yea, that burnt good stuff.  The greens are decent, being a white boy, i couldn't really tell the difference between good or bad greens. But they are good. They have other sides as well but I'm addicted to the yams and Mac that i haven't tried them. They have a Orange juice mixed drink that's real sweet and goes great with the food.
Staff is friendly and Saudia is very nice. All I can say is I'm sorry i didn't start eating here until last year.Just a FYI...  i notice in the pics that your bread is inside the food. In the future you could put it in seperate zip lock baggies. The bread will stay fresh instead of being greased out when the fried foods are on top of it. I know you probrably want the bread to soak up all that greaseI moved to Denver from Philly and god I miss this food everyday that line is sooo long but sooo worth it. I'm coming back to visit Philly just for your food SaudIf I could give ZERO stars I would. Me and my girlfriend stood in line for over an hour to get two platters of precooked food. The hostess wasnt the friendliest not customer service manners, the place was packed in the small little lobby and the food didn't look fresh, mac and cheese was burned on top, yams looked canned, so after an hour and ten minutes we got our money back and left. First time going there, and that was my last. NEVER AGAINThe seafood salad was amazing. I don't really eat salads with mayo but hers wasn't drenched in mayo. Also the barbecue breast bites were so good. The meat was made fresh on the spot so they were nice, hot and crunchy like fried chicken should be. I also like the candied yams but didn't care for the Mac and cheese.No seasoning.. smh this isn't really soul food. And I stood in that hot behind store for about an hour waiting on my meal and I had to pray that there wasn't any rodents in my food due to all of the flies in there. I wouldn't recommend this place. The owner is nice though.Never been to the physical restaurant but the other day I bought her seafood salad from shop rite . It was extremely salty . Tons of old bay and I should've knew it was really salty from the color of it because it was extremely orange smh .i was told about this spot from my boy while talking about soul food spots in the east coast. i took a vacay to the east coast a few months ago. i was staying in jersey but i had a rental and was driving everywhere. came to north philly and stopped at country cookin. i got the spicy jerk, mac cheese, cabbage soup, seafood salad, and a phat slice of pink cake. i had my girl with me so i was not going full out pig-mode. she couldn't handle the spice of that jerk and i was smackin it. the seafood salad was bomb i was hooked quick. cake was not too sweet or dry was just right. the only thing that was ok was the cabbage soup. the mac n cheese was like home-made holiday mac n cheese.I finally listened when Saud said "get down here" on IG, to see what all the hype was about. The Asian breast bites were bomb! The mac and cheese was just ok, the string beans were good. I wasn't impressed with the seafood salad because it had way too much imitation crab meat and I don't think it was worth the $6. The wait was about 30 minutes so I would suggest calling and ordering ahead. I would go back to try something different.Bad customer service for overpriced food. I didn't even get to taste anything because the service I was getting was so HORRIBLE I couldn't rationalize spending $20 for a platter. Nope.I had to go to see for myself because Im a foodie. Im going to fair and honest. I did get there at 12 noon as it states on google that it was open at that time. They said it was going to be open at 1pm. Cool no problem. Came back at 1 to a line like crazy. Good for her Im proud of that. Get that money. How ever I do feel like as a customer they could of did a few things to make the wait alil better.    
1. Post something you will be delayed on the window if you are late. 2. Give out menus so people that have not ever been there know what to get before even walking in so when we get up to the line we already know what want 3. Could even have people paying in a express line and even pay a few dollars to get in and out fast. Because I would of paid not to wait. 4. Have a debit card person with google pay or whatever swiping and paying ahead or even getting orders ahead. 5. They need a intercom outside because people walk in order their food and walk out because its not enough room inside or have another runner to run things outside to them. 6. A ticket system is needed. I went to Denises and they had one so why not. 7. Get alil bit organized with the lines. What line is what. Pick up orders over here. Order over here. People ordered over the phone over here. Have some type of order and structure 8. Give samples out to people while waiting. 9. Discount if we are waiting longer than an hr. Its only right to avoid some negative feed back. So after getting the food. Taking it home. I honestly can say it was good. I got the bbq chicken bites and my man got the fish and his a big guy and it took him 2 servings to eat it all. The amount of food in the platters was a lot. I would of gave her more stars but I cant because Of the wait. She has to be mindful of peoples time. And time is money. But would I go back? Yes. But with more patience and honestly I would rather pay someone to go down there and wait and get it for me. Yes I know Im impatient. But so is America lol. If she can gets her time together.  The next step is uber eats and a reality show. So Saud keep doing your thing. Whatever your doing its working. Just listen to the people alil more. We love ya!1st let's talk about the hype! I'm from Dallas TX and I've been following Saudia for a while so I already knew once I visited I was coming here. This was my first stop. The portion is unbelievable for the price. We paid $18 and some change for our entire meal. Me and my sister shared the plate and had leftovers after. The chicken was SPICYYYYYYY! But I already knew because Saudia warned us on IG. The yams were so sweet. The Mac & cheese was something I had never tasted before. It was great I couldn't stop eating it. The wait was a little while. But I expected that. She was full of energy when we were parking but we didn't get a chance to take a picture with her because it had gotten so busy. Every since I've came back home from my vacation I've been craving this food. It's a must try!I visited Country Cooking yesterday while in Philly. After seeing the restaurant on Facebook and Instagram I was dying to try. So on my recent visit from San Francisco I had to try.
I arrived around 12 noon (opening) on Sunday, just a few guest ahead of me. Char who was working up front greeted me promptly and with a smile. The place was small but very clean (based on other reviews I was looking) but everything appeared up to par. They owner came and greeted everyone with a smile and her bubbly personality. Saud was right to name it Country Cooking - not only offering southern cuisine but also southern hospitality she made everyone feel loved and welcomed it was look visiting and aunts. 
So the food; Delicious!  I selected the Asian Breast Bites as an entree they were juicy and filled with a savory-sweet flavor with just enough spice. I had double cabbage and tuna salad as my side each were on point. No long wait about 15 minutes or so.
I definitely would recommend a visit and I suggest early arrival! So worth it the platters easily feeds two people.Food was ok, however, service is very poor. They are unorganized, the owner was yelling out profanities to her employees in front of customers, she called out my name to tell me my order was ready and when I didn't answer right away, because it was hard to tell if she was talking to a customer or  one of her employees, she asked me if I was deaf. Actually didn't realize she said it until my friend pointed it out later AFTER I bought my food. Although food was ok I will not be going back.I visited Saudia's July 21, 2012.  I took a friend here because we wanted "Soul Food" and the person had already tried "another" establishment in the past.  Now, I did call ahead to ask if there was a sitting area and was informed they have a couple tables - and thats exactly what they have.  This location is not for you to take a friend to sit and eat and chat.  I mean, that's what we did, because we were from out of town (NYC) but basically this place is best for take-out only.
Now, on to the food.  I must say, I investigated a bit before visiting, so I was looking forward to the Cuban Turkey Wings, but they we all out when I arrived.  So I had the smothered turkey wings with mac & cheese and yams.  The wings were very well seasoned and fall-off-the-bone tender.  The gravy was alright, it could have used a bit more salt or seasoning.  But you could tell the wings were marinated or something because the meat was seasoned all the way through.  Yams were nice and sweet, even a little gooey - yum.  And the mac & cheese....Let me say this.  I LOVE cheese, and LOVE mac & cheese just as much, so I'm very critical.  This mac & chesse was great.  It was different, with some extra seasoning you don't typically find in southern mac & cheese; something with herbs because I saw the green specks.  High levels of yumminess!  I will caution you: if you are diabetic, you'd better stay away from that orange drink - you've been warned!!!  Its very good, but VERY sweet.  And the melted ice doesn't even dilute it so that should be a sign.
Overall, the food was good.  Like I said, this location is best for take out and I would have loved to try some other dishes but they were finished.  Definitely a place to try out!Yesterday was my first time at the restaurant and I have to say I will not be coming back. The food was not all that great and the place is extremely tight and lacks seating room(except for the seats outside, but who wants to sit outside in 40 degree weather?) I ordered Mac and cheese, with cabbage and Cuban turkey wings. I've never had a Cuban turkey wing but, I assume it's supposed to taste like jerk sauce? Not sure, but, the Mac and cheese did not taste like Mac and cheese at all but, more like some kind of meat and a heavy amount of salt. I also received rice that did not have much flavor and delivered many false hopes and dreams. However, I will say the cabbage was the best thing about the entree. I also ordered a generic version of Cool Aid that they have dubbed up the 'Country Twist,' which was actually very delightful. There were many people working behind the counter, and yet it took almost an hour to receive our food and the food was right there by the register. Nonetheless, the owner Saudia is great woman and she always gives back to her community and I love that.This place does not live up to the promotion I've seen.  It's not clean, more money needs to be re invested into fixing this place up. The sides are all done, so I'm not sure why it takes so long, over an hour, for your order to be ready.  People are standing all over the place, just waiting. This is crazy...the food was not worth the wait!!As a foodpreneur myself and founder of The Black Food and Dessert Expo I always try to support our local black owned food businesses. After all the media hype I was finally in the mood to visit and endure the people and wait.
So it was raining I thought that would help, it did but the wait was still long. I waited almost 40 minutes for two platters. The girl that took my order was OK but had her headphones in and ignored me when I asked for an update on my food. She then proceeded to talk to her Co worker about customers she didn't like. Patrons came in and out like they was giving something away but a tip one lady gave me was to order by phone and pick up in an hour. It's small, be prepared for tight spaces and no personal space while you wait. Oh the sights
So about my food. I ordered Cuban turkey wings and Asian breast bites platters . Sides --Mac n cheese, yams and cabbage as sides.
Yams --- diabetes in a bowl Loved it if you like it sweet you will too.
Asian Breast Bites - fried pieces of deliciousness  tossed in  Thai chili sauce loved them first time having this they come in  BBQ AND buffalo too.
Cabbage - basic but good 
Turkey wings over rice. Good flavor but I would cook them for another hour I like em falling off the bone.
Mac n cheese - good taste but too dry for me I need it most Cheesy oooey gooey goodness. 
I also brought lemon cake which we will try shortly overall. I do like the food. Customer service should be improved and communication with customer about wait time.Menu looks great and photos of the food look great, I was just recently there (Nov. 2018) and I ordered fried whiting, mac n cheese, string beans and potato salad. I am from Atlanta, Ga. looking for some good country cooking, I was so disappointed. Nothing I ordered had a great taste, I had to sprinkle seasoning on everything but the potato salad and the mac n cheese, of which was bland. The potato salad needed at least mayonnaise, relish and a tad of mustard. I only finished the potato salad because I hooked it up. I had a taste of their seafood salad, it was salty and just not good to me. I have to say, their portion size is more than enough.Love from Chicago, great high quality restaurant with great management. Love this place.I was so excited to try the Food and I was so disappointed. I ordered the fish and Mac. I also ordered the seafood salad. The salad was way over seasoned. The Mac was sweet and tasteless. The fish was not crispy. The only thing enjoyable was the blue juice. The banana pudding wasn't good either. It was watery and they put cinnamon in it. I'm being honest when I say it wasn't worth the thirty dollars I paid.Ms. Shuler's Country Cookin is providing assistance to many federal employees currently not being paid by our government during the political shutdown. Not only is their food and service great, but they are true patriots. Lots of reason to go this wonderful restaurant.I had been seeing @countrycookin with Saud on her Instagram posts for months maybe even a year. The posts with the people raving about the food is not a paid promotion. The food really is good. I had the chicken bites platter and It was crazy deliciousness to my husband and I. The Instagram posts don't do the food justice. I also purchased the baked salmon stuffed with crab meat. It was melt in your mouth, filling and not over seasoned. The portions for both platters was worth it. I had enough left for day 2. The wait was about 10-15 minutes. Again worth it.This shit hits my soul it was bomb ass fuck them greens were amazing I don't even eat everybody Mac and cheese but this shit was a1 drove all the way from nyc to philly met some local haters and I said fuck that and them  I'll form my own opinions. I'm glad I did that I'm coming back don't play with saud I'm pissed you weren't there but the staff made up for itThe experience was awesome I've visited twice. The owner is extremely hospitable. Wait times are long and there's barely anywhere to sit. However, that food is AMAZING!!! Large portions and many dishes to choose from. The seafood salad was very tasting, I've never had it prior to trying it here. Grandma Betty's potato salad was out of this world omg!!This is the worst soul food I've ever had.. the mac&cheese was disgusting the worst mac&cheese I've had in 40 years,it had a sweet and sour taste like it had sugar in it and it had been sitting out for days and spoiled, the jerk chicken was inedible it was just spice it could have been any meat because the heat took over any other flavor, the cabbage was brown and it taste like it sat in meat water for hours!!! The bottom line is the to me the worst soul food I've ever had in 40yrs no bull crap.. just disgusting!!! I would've put no stars but it wouldn't allow me to.. I went there on Wednesday 6/21/17Wow! 
I became aware of this restaurant, because one of my daughters said she wanted to visit this eatery during a planned trip to Philadelphia. I read reviews and they were somewhat mixed, but I put my faith in the Elites, who were on point.
I ordered the fried fish, mac and cheese, and candied yams.  The portions were enormous and more than I could eat alone.  My daughter ordered the same sides, but had the bbq chicken bites, and an extra side of seafood salad.
My fish was not greasy at all, and the cornmeal crust was light and crispy.  It wasn't over seasoned and was delicious.  The cinnamon and nutmeg in the candied yams were well balanced and reminiscent of a southern Thanksgiving dinner... a little sweet, but yummy nonetheless.  The macaroni and cheese was also as Thanksgiving worthy and beyond.  I tasted a chicken bite, and wished I had ordered those too... my eyes are truly bigger than my stomach lol. I liked the seafood salad, but if I lived in Philly, I would order it to accompany a great big mixed green salad.  It holds its own and for me, doesn't need to be a side dish. 
There are equally good soul food restaurants in Bedford Stuyvesant, but it was an honor to visit Ms. Saud's restaurant, and contribute to her mission.owner is great and supporting a black owned business is also great! def stop in here if u can!Came back to back weekends, got the fish today (Asian breast bites last week).  Stuck with macaroni and yams because that's what I wanted without the hassle of cooking it myself.
Fish was wonderful, Asian breast bites were ok but way too sweet for my taste.  Macaroni was decent, well seasoned which was all I needed.  Yams were perfect.
I appreciate that they accept credit cards and Apple Pay.This food is packed with flavor. I would recommend getting one platter and splitting it for two people. Theres so much food!!! I had the jerk chicken. It was just the right spice, not too spicy to where it wasnt enjoyable. The cabbage and macaroni and cheese are great too. My boyfriend had the Whiting and yams. Great place to eat. I'm glad my flight was canceled!Came all the way from California, expecting the taste of good sea food salad and homemade cake. Now the cake had a taste of boxed cake without butter. The sea food salad tasted over seasoned and it's tasted like seasoned salt over pasta. Not good at all. Country cooking is a hype. If you want good philly food don't go there!!!! Just being honest and saving you a couple dollas.Amazing. The food was phenomenal. I live several hours away, so unfortunately I cannot go as often as I would like to. I look forward to visiting again.The food was nasty. I paid $15.50 waited 45 minutes just to deal with chewy breast bites with too much sauce, the worst macaroni and cheese I've ever tasted from a soul food spot. The fish was salty, the potato salad was okay, yams were okay and the cabbage was okay. Maybe if she hire some cooks instead of a bunch of kids to work her kitchen he food might taste better. The wait is entirely too long and the space is too small. She's an awesome person but she needs to revamp her restaurant and her menu. If I'm going to wait almost and hour and pay almost $20 for food i want to be able to at least stomach the food. It's not worth a second trip.There was a 20 min wait which was not too bad for such a popular spot! I love Saudia! Asian breast bites were amazing and fresh!Finally!!!!!! So I was in Philadelphia for the weekend and I told my friends I'm not leaving until I get my food. So we check the time and on Sundays they open at 12 we got there 1140 and waited patiently in the car Bc it was raining. It opened exactly 12. I wish there was a online menu but I didn't seem to find one. So anyway, I knew what I wanted because of IG. I just couldn't make my mind up about what flavor shrimp I wanted but I got the buffalo shrimp which comes with rice and 2 sides. I was a little upset it was $25 until I got it I understand you get sooooo much food. I also got the famous seafood salad now I'm from Baltimore so I didn't like it idk if it's because I know how it goes down here who knows but it wasn't good and I got a single order of honey barbecue chicken bites they was so Effin good. Please remember that your entree is made to order so it do take a while for your food to come. They have street parking which is a meter. They charge $1 to use your debit or credit card. Long story short I'll be backBig portions, good pricing, I wouldn't recommend the mac. The jerk was exactly what I wanted well seasoned and spicy the yams were sweet gooey-ness. The wait was normal. The staff was pretty cool dealing with rude customers. The interior was clean and looked up to date.Food was great, staff seemed disorganized and didn't handle the pressure of being busy well. Call ahead for takeout orders, I didn't the first time I went and ended up waiting 20 minutes for a fish platter. I recommend the Cuban turkey wings and potato salad, but if you like soul food everything's good.I give this place a 4 stars generously. I drive 40 minutes give or take to get here and when I'm thinking ,I know that I should order when I'm leaving out my house in Nj bc it still takes 1 hour for your food to be done which I don't understand bc most of the sides are sitting right in the front already done .
Each visit takes forever to get the food ! I've had various platters from the fried shrimp to the Asian bites . I keep my sides the same baked mac , sweet potatoes, and cabbage. The baked mac is usually hit or miss for me I feel like it depends on how fresh it is and who made it that day. But the sweet potatoes are consistent as is any protein ordered. 
The con to this place is that the wait times and the prices seem to go up every time I go. Now I'm at a point where it's no longer driving across the bridge for bc you get no accommodation for the massive amt of time spent waiting .shoot atleast throw in a slice of cake while you wait . Especially in the summertime. That little waiting area is so hot full of "hangry" folks they may wanna consider handing out free water ice . Trust me I hear the complaints lol . 
All in all i love to support Saud and will continue to do so if I'm already around but they need to get a more functional process to get customers in and out and still have great food . The prices are going up but the service is going down . Hopefully they make the $18-22 platter price ,the 40min drive , plus $5 toll and gas worth it for me again.Food is great! I'm visiting from down south so I know good southern food. Deff going to order from here again when I'm back in phillyplease support this business. very wholesome people here, amazing food, great prices!Finally made it to "Country Cookin after years of seeing their social media posts. Unfortunately, it didn't meet the hype I was hoping for. A 90 minute wait for take out is a major problem in my opinion. My advice is ALWAYS call ahead, never order on the spot. Food wise, the portions are great. But quality wise, it was just "OK". The yams are very good, but everything else was basic. The total was $34 for the 2 platters I ordered. Not sure if I would come back here. The staff is very nice. But for the price, food quality, and extremely long wait time, I'm not sure if it's worth it.Back at it again!! My ass cannot stay out of her establishment. Everything I have tried here is good!! I finally ordered the seafood salad with the mermaid meat and boy was I glad I did. I told Saudia my man comes from NYC every weekend and I have to get him a platter from here every time. Go spend your bread with Saud. You will not be sorry!!I have been dying to come try Country Kitchen! I have been a follower on Instagram for about 2 years and couldn't wait for the opportunity to finally try this food.When I arrived I ordered my food and waited along the wall inside the restaurant. I waited about 20-25 minutes until I received my food.I ordered the fried salmon,Mac and cheese,yams,cabbage,and a country twist drink. This food was more than amazing.EVERYTHING WAS SEASONED. I couldn't even eat all my food and saved some for the next day (breakfast) lol. I definitely will be back for more and will recommend Country Kitchen definitely!Love the atmosphere. Love everything about this place. The workers here are very polite and have never given me issues. Ive been looking at other reviews about this place and it's mainly based on the prices set..... and lemme tell y'all the prices are justified and fine. The food is of quality and delicious. Worth every single penny.I had a fish platter with mac and cheese and yams. It was delicious! Honestly, the mac and cheese could be better but it isn't nasty. The yams and fish definitely made up for the mac and cheese. We also bought a slice of strawberry cake which looked like the strawberry shortcake ice cream popsicle. It was a HUGE slice. 2 fish platters and 2 huge slices of cake $35.00. I think it was worth it! We only waited about 30 minutes. The owner is really nice and friendly.Futur billion dollar business. Owner is an amazing and kind woman and all the employees are sweet and hardworking!!!!!Nasty, nasty, nasty food. I came here for the first time yesterday and was super disappointed. The mac and cheese had too much nutmeg giving it an old taste. The cabbage was super overcooked slop. I had to get teriyaki chicken because they were sold out of every thing else at 12pm on a Friday. The chicken was dry on top of a heaping pile of overcooked rice. The rice was old there was no way in Hell that rice should be so swollen with liquid that it turns to mush unless it's old. I coulda cooked all that n then some at home and been satisfied. N please stop using Accent salt I had an MSG headache all night!!! I only gave 2 stars for portion sizes not flavor.