Had the complete joy of tasting a sample of their food during Bloktoberfest! I adore Thai food, and was so excited to keep coming back for more. The chicken pad thai and spring rolls were delicious!!! Will have to check out their full menu.
I'm huge fan, and you'll see me coming back!Definitely more authentic flavors I've had since arriving in Philly. Moderately priced, portions are generous and on a summer night, a very cool BYOB perch to people watch from.I went here for dinner with my girlfriend and we shared the pad see ew with duck, which was special on the menu that night. I'm used to duck that is fatty, excessively chewy and dry, while this was tender and perfectly cooked.  The service was friendly and the waitress playfully egged us on to finish our double bottle of wine, topping our glasses off as she did so.  Mind you,  we were the last people in the restaurant and 
any waitress that can fake being funny and excited at the end of their shift isn't really faking it- they just are! The dining space was small but cozy, with tasteful culturally expressive contemporary decor.  
P.S. Just went to My Thai before posting this and Sawatdee is definitely better.At night, the lit pea green painted dining room illuminates. From outside, it looks like a green lantern signal. I think it's fun. 
The food was fresh and flavorful. My curry had great heat, but it was less coconut-y than other Thai restaurants, but to each his own. 
Our waiter, Harry, was as sweet and friendly as they get. Excellent host. 
Also, the place is byob, so don't neglect yourself.We all enjoyed Sawadtee and their brightly colored green walls very much. One of our 4 dining experiences here was for a party of 8, including our foodie cousins (and fellow Yelpers) form California and my brother who lived in Thailand for years. We all gave it a huge thumbs up. I would say their opinion certainly carries some weight. 
Perfect texture tofu peanut satay, curries of all kinds, my mom's go-to massaman and panag for me. Tom Yum and Tom Kah soups. A few different varieties of Pad Thai. Pad See Ew. All were very satisfying. My mom is a shrimp counter and said they were generous here. 
Desserts we have indulged in have been classic sticky rice in a mango variety and the coconut custard in a kombocha squash which is definitely a stand out and one you must try! 
The service was great and they were very accommodating as I basically create dishes for the littles.   
Even though this corner spot is on the smaller side, we had no problem fitting our larger (and loud) party. 
There are a few tables outside for al fresco dining in warmer weather. The people watching on South is of course fantastic. It's now conveniently located diagonal from PHS pop-up making it a great post drinks or happy hour spot. 
It's BYO so bring 'em!Our go to place on a weeknight. Always good food and good service. I love spicy and they definitely make spicy.After years of trolling yelp to steal advice from other people, I finally signed up for an account, just to say how disappointed I am with this place. The lack of good Thai restaurants in Philadelphia is no secret, so when I heard this place was opening 1.5 blocks from my house, I was excited.
Lets just say this: even if you're a fan of bland, Americanized Thai food, you'll probably think this place is bland. Even if you explicitly tell them to amp up the spice, it's still bland.
I've eaten my fair share of sub-par meals, but this is one of those places that makes you feel like you've been robbed by having to pay for their food.Sawatdee is a classic Philly BYOB. It's a small place, but we made reservations for a Saturday night at 7:30 for 4 people and it wasn't crowded at all. The dishes are of good size - I shared the spring rolls appetizer and pad see ew moo entree with my sister and it was enough for the both of us. Both dishes were delicious. If you want a cute spot to go with friends or on a date, this place is perfect. They didn't even charge us a corking fee for two bottles of wine! The servers could have been a bit more attentive, but I think they were understaffed and it didn't put a damper on the experience for us. I would definitely come back here!Probably one of the best Thai spots in the city. Not greasy at all, you can tell the ingredients are extremely fresh and lovely flavor. The service and staff have always been great! I've been coming here for 2 years and haven't found anything better. Highly recommended byobThe good news is that even mediocre Thai food makes a great take-out meal and its made even better by pleasant speedy delivery service on bicycles at 9:30pm. 
I'm curious where all these great reviews came from and Im wondering if maybe we just had a bland experience because its late on a Monday night. Maybe they ran out of the fragrant Thai basil, lemon grass, kefir lime leaves and galangal that make me love Thai.  Or Perhaps the people writing these reviews haven't experienced thai food on the streets of Thailand.  Anyhow... The service is excellent and remarkably pleasant so we will return. 
This restaurant is adorable. Every time I walk by I make a mental note to give it a try - We finally got around to it this evening. 
Authentic Thai? No...not so much. The green curry and panang definitely don't have the flavor punch I'm used to in Thailand, they both lack a spicy kick and sadly the sauce is so so thin.  Both the green and panang have the same exact veggies (carrots, green beans and green bell peppers) and i may have come across 1-2 basil leaves.  Spring rolls were good. Tom yum didnt have any galangal or kefir lime leaves and had more fish sauce than any spice.  The mushrooms they chose were great in there though.  
We were looking for another Thai option besides Circles and our favorite Cafe de Laos but this didn't cut it. We will give it another try before giving up.  Perhaps they're better for an eat-in afternoon lunch at their adorable green and blue restaurant.
Update: **Ya know... I should know better. Of course we can't find an "authentic" tasting Thai place that tastes quite the same as the food on the streets of Thailand.   Its like trying to eat American or Italian in Asia. The basic ingredients are difficult to find and when you do find them, the spices aren't quite as pungent so nothing ever tastes quite right. We lived in Asia awhile and even cooking our exact same US recipes in our Asia kitchen never gave satisfying results.my dish the Choo Chee Pla was sooo good! I'll be back to try the tilapia or crab meat dish.  Keep up the great workThis is a great Thai restaurant! The Bangkok chicken for appetizer was really tasty!!! The beef salad was just okay for me. But the crab fried rice was amazing!!! Pad see ew with beef was good! I love the chili flakes that you get on the side.Totally decent Thai place. I love the ambiance, it's cute and small (and bright green). Plus, it's BYO which is a big plus. The Tom Yum was delicious, and the deserts were really good (sticky rice and poached banana in coconut milk- get both). The main courses were just average. But, definitely not bad. 
It's worth a try, and I'll come back if I'm looking for a Thai place in t he area. But, it's not my new go-to.Standard maintstream thai food on the menu, lots of recognizable dishes. The crispy tofu appetizer was delicious, the pad thai was nice and saucy, the curry was just okay. I'd definitely give it another go if I was in the neighborhood, but I don't think I'd make a special trip to eat here.I have been here twice - really TRYING to like it.  Having grown up in Thailand, I am always on the lookout for a great Thai restaurant like Erawan or Smile.  I will not waste my time here again.   I have three main complaints with this place 1) service, 2) portion size, 3) food quality.
1) They need to hire more servers.  NEED!  I know the two on staff were working very hard to keep up, but we waited for 15 minutes before getting a menu, and my glass was empty the entire time.  I had to ask for the check, which didn't come for another 20 minutes.  This is not a sign of poor service, but rather a lack of servers.  I appreciate the smile and hustle of our server both times, but he was just spread way too thin for me to want to return.
2) At first glance, the prices seem great- until you realize the portion size is tiny.  My husband and I were both still hungry upon returning home after our recent dinner there.  We ordered the tilapia and pad thai, both of which took up less than 1/4 of the plate.  Just not  a good value-add. 
3) The food quality is just not there, as authentic Thai food or food in general.  I found the curry watery, the fried shrimp soggy, and the tilapia over-fried and under seasoned.  The Pad Thai was actually quite good, but again back to the tiny portion size.  
You can try this out without putting a big dent in your wallet, be my guest, but in my opinion this place just doesn't stand up to the excellent service and quality at Erawan or Smile.Had a special noodle dish, I think it was called late night noodles. Chicken shrimp carrots shallot sauce. Red Curry is very good as well, but not much chicken. LOTS of bamboo shoots. Delicious! A bit pricy, but Would come back to try some other dishes.We have been to this small BYOB twice since it opened. We will definately be back. Service spotty but they did just open so I hope they get more efficient. I agree with reviewers that the food is not very spicy even if requested. We have tried several dishes off the menu and so far the tilapia was the best! Great welcome addition to our neighborhood. Can't wait to try more menu items. Probably would not travel to come here but since it is walking distance of CC will certainly be back.Green curry is a bit bland and could use more veggies in it.  Pad Thai level two wasn't so spicy.  Go when it's dead as the food quality goes down the busier it is.  The normal waiter comes off bitchy but don't be fooled he is a nice guy once you have been there a couple of times.  This is the best Thai place I've found in Philly yet.{ International Wednesday Post }
Went to dinner at Sawatdee on a Wednesday night around 7:30 and had a surprisingly great meal! Yes, this place is very green, but it is exceptionally clean and pleasant for an inexpensive but delicious meal. Our waiter was also super sweet and accommodating. 
A read that a few people felt the food wasn't spicy enough, but I prefer non-spicy food so I really enjoyed it. We split the appetizer sampler which was pretty standard and then I had the "Panang Pla" baked salmon in a panang curry coconut milk and baby bok choy. The flavors were delicate and fresh, I would highly recommend this dish!
Love to BYOB, we will be back next time we are in the mood for thai!Okay. In a quick 20 minutes, our take-out order for 4 was ready.  The bright green interior provided a refreshing contrast to the winter gloom.  I would definitely enjoy a group meal at this BYO corner staple, just for the ambience.
The food wasn't my favorite.  I got the salmon which, for $15.50, was not a good value.  Fatty and pale, I would've been better off picking up a slab from Whole Foods.  I was also overwhelmed by the soy sauce in which my meager portion of veggies was swimming.
Tastes of my friends' pad thai were similarly swamped with sodium.  Maybe it's just me, but I expect food to be fresh and flavorful on it's own.  Puckering portions laden with salt and fat are a sign of efforts to mask poor quality ingredients.It's a cute little place on south street. One of the best Thai food I've had, (and I've been to Thailand). We ordered the chicken salad as an app, it had a yummy tangy and crunchy taste infused with thai herbs like basil and lemongrass. The bamboo shoots with chicken I ordered as my main meal was also memorable. Will definetly go back.The food is close to borderline trash for anybody that understands Thai food. The chef has a very heavy hand when it comes to spices and sauces and the cut of the vegetables is very thick, not to mention they don't feel done. Avoid this place like the plague.This is the best Thai place within close proximity to our apartment. Though we've been ordering takeout and eating here for years, it's as of recently that I truly appreciate what a gem it is. I had surgery a couple of months ago. Sawatdee's broths were my savior during the two weeks when I could only have liquids. I'm now on a very modified diet during several months of recuperation. Everyone at Sawatdee has gone out of their way to accommodate my needs and requests. Thank you Sawatdee!First time I've had Thai, so i didn't know what to expect.  My wife and I went on Saturday around 9:30.  There were still a good amount of people in there.  Sawatdee is small but very welcoming atmosphere.  We got a table immediately.  We brought a few six packs (we didn't quite finish them) and were given a big bucket of ice by our waiter.
Service:  The service was decent  It's a small place, so they had one server.  He seemed very pre-occupied and busy, but he did have a few good recommendations and was generally attentive.  
Food:  the food was great.  We started with the Ka Nom Jeeb (fried dumplings) which my wife loved, and Gung Sarong, which are delicious and hot shrimp in a pastry shell.  There's a big list of apps, salads, and soups to choose from.
I got Khao Pad Poo for my entree, and it was the highlight of the meal for me.  I am 100% getting this again.  Their official menu description is "Crabmeat fried rice with garlic, tomatoes, onions, scallions and eggs", but that description doesn't quite capture how good this meal was.  First off, i was given a choice of how spicy i wanted it; i could choose from 1-3, 3 being the spiciest.  The waiter told me 2 is close to a "srichacha" spiced meal, so i went with it.  His assessment was spot on.  Not too spicy , but a good lil kick after each bite.   The crabmeat was excellent and every bite had a piece in it.   
My wife got a salad; i forget which salad, but she was happy with it, although she loved my dish a lot more.
We've lived in the area for 3 years but never visited Sawatdee, and i'm glad we did.  We will definitely be going back!omg! sooooooo good   great duck? great crap spring roll,  nice staff and a good chef.  too bad the place is not bigger.. i'm sure they will have two spots soon.. great job   Khab Koon KapTheir tom kha gai soup is still some of the best in town. We used to be a big fan but last time we ordered delivery and the chicken skewers were rubbery chicken and the steamed dumplings were undercooked, neither were edible and we tossed. I still think they have good menu items but we won't be ordering for delivery again any time soon.While the food was acceptable and the service passable, my friends and I attempted to split the bill across multiple credit cards.  We were informed that the establishment's policy does not allow for splitting bills across multiple credit cards.  Of course, none of us had any idea that they had this ILLEGAL practice in place (after all, their signage indicates that credit cards are welcome).  When we spoke with management, he neither apologized nor attempted to remediate the insult to customers who wished to pay by legitimate means but were precluded from doing so by this, again, ILLEGAL policy.  in fact, he essentially told us we should be grateful to be allowed to use our credit cards at all, since the restaurant's policy is that credit cards require a minimum $50 purchase, which is also illegal.  So, in essence, he justified his illegal practice by reminding us that he was allowing us to slip under the radar of their OTHER illegal practice.  I feel bad for our server, who had to suffer the humiliation of catering to customers who were clearly affronted by the management's utter unconcern for their customer base and, of course, by the ILLEGAL billing practices, which I hope get reported to the Better Business Bureau.DEEEELIISSH! Everything is amazing and the service is great. The restaurant is teeny tiny so it's a good idea to call ahead, especially on weekends. They only seat you if all of your group is there--but if it's not busy they have been flexible. (Tell your chronically late friends to hurry up.) And BYOB!Came in with a friend for dinner and we were seated right away. Service was pretty friendly, and the appetizer delicious. But I wasn't truly impressed with my Pad See Eew. My friend however loved her curry, so I think it's just my high Pad See Eew expectations :DI have to give it to 'em - the food is great, despite their Growing Pains. 
The seating was a little tight, and the place a little warm (of course, this is understandable considering we went during a heatwave).
The appetizers were delightful - Por Peah Toud (spring rolls with shitake, carrot, mung bean noodle and celery) and Ka-Nom-Jeeb (chicken, shrimp and scallion dumplings).  All three in our party were feeling spicy that day so my friends ordered Chicken with Green Curry while I did the Chicken with Red Curry. They were fresh and delightful.  We all wanted more Jasmine Rice to extend the wonderful sauce, and the server was happy to oblige. 
We had three separate servers come to our table - and if you are going to be a little (just a ittle) disorganized, it is MUCH better to err on the side of over-attentive than under.  
We can't wait to try this Zagat-interviewed (but not yet rated) BYO, with it's cheery paint job and convenient location.   I'm fixin' to try their Pad Thai next...
:)solid thai food.  they use very fresh veggies which is always worth a lot to me and the noodles were perfect, not too soggy or all clumped together in a mess.  the flavors were just right too with enough spice to keep it interesting (i.e., i didn't have to add any sriracha on the side).  my bf wasn't a huge fan of the thai green curry but i thought it was delicious--pretty spicy too.  it wasn't very substantive tho so i would've liked some more bamboo shoots and other veggies thrown in it.  
we went to pick up and the restaurant was pretty packed for a thursday night.Wonderful Thai food and very fast service. When I went the restaurant only had a group of 4 other people inside (it was a little early) and so maybe that is why our food arrived so quickly but it was less than a 20 minute wait. The waiter was also very helpful in explaining the dishes and the various levels of spice used.
If you go you have to try the cinnamon iced tea, it was amazing!Food is good but the portions are way too small compared to other Thai places. I think their green curry is probably the best in the city. The papaya salad was not that great, way too much dressing and small.I had lunch with Michelle C at Sawatdee a few weeks ago. Like other Yelpers have mentioned before me, the lunch special is awesome. However, I am unsure why the rule is "appetizer or salad, soup and entree" but you cannot get an appetizer, salad and entree. Silly.
I started with the tom yum veggie soup, which was spicy but somehow managed to be "light" in consistency. Tasted very homemade, which was great.
I continued with a spring roll. Good. Basic. I've never had a bad spring roll, have you? 
My entree was pad see iew, my favorite thai noodle dish by far. The actual quality of the noodles was awesome- you could tell they were hand cut. No mushiness, no clumps. The veggies were fresh and the flavor was good, but it was very low key. Nothing popped, nothing sizzled, and what the heck is cauliflower doing in there? Inapprops. 
I would definitely come back to Sawatdee, but if you're looking for bold flavors and lots of spice (like I often am), trek a mile or so south and order from Circles.Sometimes it is just hard to find great Thai food.  This place is good and absolutely not bad but, it's not great.  The food has flavor but isn't full of flavor. I go because it's close to my house, not because I am in love with any of their dishes.  The portions are small and for some reason they really skimp on the sauces for all dishes including the Pad See Eww, which  is served pretty dry here.I have only had delivery from this restaurant, ordered through GrubHub. Both times, they have been great. The first time, we asked for a later delivery time so that it would arrive after we came back from a run. The second time, it only took 30 minutes to arrive! Wow!
I basically followed another review on here with my order choices - the Tom-Kha and the Pad-Kee-Mao-Gai. The soup was amazing - very flavorful! The noodles were okay... I got "spicy" and they weren't, really. So, you know. I also had the Green Curry which is something that I always get at Thai places. I don't like Pad Thai, so Green Curry is my staple. Anyway, the Green Curry here is only decent. It doesn't have eggplant in it, and that seems like a huge oversight. The "spicy" level was good for me.
The price is good for what you get...the rest is okay.Pretty good Thai food, nice atmosphere, it wasn't crowded on a Wednesday evening but it wasn't empty either. Tables are kind of close together so if it was crowded it could be a little uncomfortable. Service could have been better but overall it was a good dinner and I will definitely be going back.I was wondering around Philly and I found this little corner spot. I got the lunch special. The lunch special is an amazing deal. You get a soup, an appetizer, an entree, and a dessert - all for $10. The entree, I thought, was a good size portion espcially since you get all that other food. I got the rice noodle in brown sauce and chinese broccoli. It's a typical dish, but it was pretty tasty. The only thing I was confused about was the waiter offereinf the sweet rice and mango as a dessert, but when I got the bill, I noticed he charged it seperately from the lunch special. If I knew it wasn't part of the lunch special, I wouldve never gotten it. There wasn;t anything spectacular about the rice mango dessert. In fact, it could've used some condensed milk.I love this place!  I had chili basil flat noodles, they are delicious, chewy noodles, tender beef, a lot of flavor!  I also had tom yam kum with shrimp, it was spicy ( I asked for it) and broth was yummy.  I tried their red curry also, and chicken coconut soup, they are definitely tasty and portion is very generous.  The only problem of this place is that I want to come back everyday, and I can't stop eating it even after I am very full.Ok pad Thai (which is how I base all Thai judgments on). 
Thai tea and soups were very good. Decent portions though not enough to order expecting family style.I give five stars about as often as I say hi to my neighbors, so take heed.
Super Bowl Sunday. A food-delivery nightmare. Anything fried, made of chicken, or with a drop of marinara sauce on it would have taken an eternity to make it from restaurant to table, so I decided to go Thai. I saw Sawatdee on GrubHub, didn't recognize it, and decided to give it a go. Boy am I happy I did.
The food was legitimately delicious. I'd largely given up on decent Thai east of the Schuylkill, settling for Asian Fusion Garden when I needed a rough approximation of a curry. This place delivered in every sense of the word. Wonderful flavor in my pad kra pao, and when I ordered it "very spicy," it came VERY SPICY! I can't tell you what a wonderful treat that was. Finally, something I didn't need to doctor to give it a little kick!
As you can tell, I'm extremely excited about this place and will be doing my part to buy the owners a vacation home ASAP.It's my first night in my new apartment. Starving, after major motion. I have two tests for the "authenticity" of a Thai restaurant. First test: When I enter, are my nostrils piqued by the smelling salt-like bite of burning fish oil. Few and far between Thai/US restaurants pass this first test. Second test; How is their Tom Ka Gai (coconut curry soup with chicken and mushrooms)?. Sawatdee passed the second test with flying colors, no soaring colors. I can't remember a better bowl than this! [I've returned twice since then and my theory about Tom Ka Gai being a reliable measure of a Thai restaurant's quality bears out.] 
My unperturbed nostrils and wallet insisted I only give the restaurant a 4 star rating. The rest of me keeps coming back for more! Love their food.I was not best thai restaurant but the food was fresh and good. All workers were very kind.My fiance and I needed some dinner one night when we were leaving an appointment leading up to our wedding, so I thought of grabbing some Thai takeout on our walk home, since Sawatdee is right on our way. They had some items I was familiar with and some that I wasnt, so we ordered a mixture to cover all of our bases. I fell in love with Thai curry while in Bangkok a few years ago, so I had to order some green. We also ordered green papaya salad, Tom Yum soup and Khao Pad Ka Prao Gung, or Thai basil fried rice with pork, peppers, onions, scallions, and eggs with chili garlic sauce.  
The food definitely needs a bit of improvement, well at least the take out side does. The flavors were good, but the flavor just isnt deep enough. There isnt enough seasoning and the dishes just arent spicy enough. I know they probably tone it down to make it more approacahable for the non-Thai customers, but thats the beauty of Thai food, the sweat on your upperlip, hot flash kind of heat. It doesnt burn deep, but it definietly leaves your mouth tingling and makes your body temperature rise a few degrees. It was a common theme through all the dishes. The flavor was good, but not enough seasoning or heat in the curry, papaya salad, or the Khao Pad Ka Paro Gung. The best executed of the dishes was the Tom Yum soup. The traditional sour and spicy flavors were there, again the heat was a little lacking, but it wasnt as missed in this soup. 
This was actually some of the better Thai food I have found in Philly so far. It still isnt up to snuff in my opinion in terms of where the flavors should be, but it was a pretty decent effort. Sometimes I wonder if it is because of the lack of Thai population in Philadelphia. I would order from there again, and I definitely want to check it out in person and see if it might be better when not ordering take out.We got to the restaurant around 8:45 and it was a little more than half full and emptying out. My wife and I asked to be seated away from the door to avoid the cold air. The waitress flat out refused to entertain the request saying the other tables were only for parties of four .
I've never a more inhospitable establishment. Needless to say we took our business elsewhereThis restaurant serves a fresh Thai food, clean and friendly staffs. This place maintain high standard of cleanliness and high quality food. We fall in love with this one dish called "Pred Rad Prik" so basically duck with sweet and spicy sauce with baby bok choy on the side. I think this dish is the best we ate in ANY Thai restaurant. Please try this dish if you come here. Definitely worth trying this place!Delicious Thai food and cozy spot. It's byob. Everything that we have tried there is really tasty.Excellent food. Attentive service. Owners are from Bangkok so they know what they're doing. Can't go wrong with anything on the menu. If you like it spicy don't be afraid to ask!Sawatdee is another place I've been meaning to check out since it opened. I live a few blocks away and it was hard to miss the neon green exterior (and interior) when it popped up. We had no problem getting a table on a Wednesday night. In fact, we were one of only 2 tables there. The dining room was small, but didn't feel like it would be super cramped, even full of diners. 
Our server was very attentive, and very patient. We were one of those annoying tables of diners who start chatting and don't even look at a menu until we've been approached several times. While we were chatting, our server opened our wine for us (love BYOBs). I'm not a frequent Thai diner, so I can't speak to the authenticity or breadth of the menu. But there seemed to be lots of great options. We ordered a couple tasty apps for the table, and I ordered pad thai with duck, which I loved. They brought the spicy sauces/seasonings for the table so you can adjust your dish as you desire. I like my food mild, so I was glad to have the option not to burn my mouth. 
I will definitely be back the next time I'm looking for a quick and casual dinner in the neighborhood.The best Pad Thai I have had in Philly. Also they know how to make food spicy a lot of places tone the spice down too much.I ordered Chicken Pad-Him-Ma-Paan takeout and requested spicy. It was OK, but didn't taste much better than a mall food court, which isn't saying much. Also, I like my Thai spicy, and despite the request, it really was about a 2/5 on the spice level scale. 
I live close enough so I'll try again and update the review, but for now this was below average Thai.This is my favorite Thai place in Philly.  It's a super cute BYOB and the food is delicious - my favorites are the beef salad and any of the curries.  There is a red curry with duck and pineapple that is delightful!  What's even better than Sawatdee for diner is Sawatdee for lunch. They have a great lunch deal of an entree, app , plus soup or salad for eleven bucks or so.  Mmmmm - I kinda want to go get some now!!!Dined here several times. The food is delicious! Best Thai I've had in Philly thus far. Just wish the establishment was a little bigger, it gets very cramped.Went here last night and had an amazing dinner!! Food was soooo good, especially the fried squid and dumpling appetizers! Great location with outdoor seating, great service, great prices, plus it's a BYOB! What more could you want? Our server was the best - he was so friendly and funny (and looked just like Jordan Peele haha). I highly recommend this place and will surely be back!You have to order right. The noodles with pork were bland and flavorless slop. 
Went back last night and i got red curry with beef, my girl had green curry with tofu and rice. It was delicious. Bamboo shoots, sweet red pepper, just the right spiciness, it was brilliant.  
I would go 4 stars if i go again and have another good experience. 
Only other complaint was i am a pretty hungry guy so for $14-15 i would have liked a slightly bigger portion. For her, it was perfect. Guess im too cheap to pay for an appetizer. Oops. 
Dont forget the wine. Its BYOWent for lunch, which was inexpensive (9.95 for soup, salad or app, and entree) but not very good.  Both Tom Yum Gai and Tom Kha Gai were fine, although as usual the chicken was a little dry and overcooked.  I really liked the spring roll, light and peppery, and I think my companion liked his salad.  However, the entrees were pretty darn bad.  The beef in the red curry tasted distinctly sour and old, and the egg noodles in the bah mee moo dang looked as though they had been shaped the day before and left out to dry.  They were totally tangled and impossible to manipulate around a fork.  There was no sauce or flavor to the dish overall, except the pork was moist and tasty.  Service was pleasant but pretty lacking in actual skills despite a half empty room.  We had to ask for the check three times, and nobody inquired how we were doing during the meal (or commented on the meat piled on the side of the plate).I love Thai food and having a place thats not too far from my spin studio is great. So after many days of walking by the restaurant I finally decided to go in, on alert however, as I had read many reviews that found this place to be underwhelming. 
Unfortunately I have to agree, my pad see ew was poorly spiced if at all, it mostly tasted like lo mein. The pad Thai was also only okay. We also got the pad kee Mao and that was the only dish that tasted as it should have, savory and spicy. One thing to note is that there is either no or a very small amount of actual Thai chilis used because the food was painfully bland. And when we inquired about any way to make it spicier (not a request you should have to make at a Thai place) we did not have any options. 
Honestly try Jasmine rice first if you're in the area. we were disappointedAlthough only having Thai a few times, I'm confident that this place is pretty good... When I'm not familiar with a genre of food, I really appreciate a good description of the ingredients and their menu does well. I ended up getting the Pad-Kingh-Gai mild and the ginger flavor with the fresh veggies was great ! 
The place is small and does get pretty loud, but overall service was great.We adore the Sum Tom (Thai papaya) salad here - If you've never tried this Thai staple, give it a try sometime! Perfect lime/salt/sweet combo. So refreshing on a hot summer night!
Their Panang Curry is also really delicious! 
Thanks, guys!I've only been here for lunch and I must say that I'm never let down by the food. Staff seems very friendly. 
They have a great lunch special during the week.Food was alright but service kind of lacked. They wouldn't split three credit cards on a $90 bill. Might be written on the menu, but it's not convenient for customer.I love love love this place. It's by far my favorite Thai place in Center City, and I eat a lot of Thai food. The staff couldn't be nicer, and it's a pleasant atmosphere for a casual dinner. It's also a nice spot to sit outside when it's warm. Great for take out or eat-in. You must go to Sawatdee!Sawatdee is a cute Thai place located on 15 and south. I came here on a Friday night with a few friends and had a nice time. This is a BYOB restaurant (awesome!) and unlike a few byob places, they do accept credit cards. I ordered chicken Pad Thai and it was tasty but I was a bit confused by the ratio of tofu to chicken in my meal - there was much more tofu than I expected (and tbh I was surprised it was even there in the first place since it wasn't in the ingredient list for my dish on the menu). I couldn't done without the tofu but my meal was still yummy. The rest of my table was also pleased, minus that 1/5 of us got the wrong meal - he ordered pork and ended up with chicken and wasn't sure it was definitely chicken until half way into the meal so he stuck with  it and said even though it wasn't what he ordered, it was good. I would come back here again, but I don't see myself as a regular at Sawatdee.Friendly and family owned. Worth trying...i thought the soup was good! it's a good addition to the neighborhood.Went to Sawatdee on a Saturday evening. The service was good, the food I had (sorry I don't remember the name), was made to perfection. So was my husband's and the appetizers.
The atmosphere of the place is great, somewhat intimate. The service was excellent and the waiter very useful in helping us choose (unlike other pushy ones who want to make you get the most expensive item in the menu). His suggestions were great and to our taste.
The prices of the food were very reasonable. Are there other Thai places who offer the same or better? Sure. Sawatdee can compete with other Thai places. Good service, good food, good atmosphere and a reasonably priced menu. It's a winner in my book.Delicious food at reasonable prices! The waitstaff was friendly and quick. Highly recommend the curry!I unfortunately got a terrible cold while visiting my friend in Philly. We decided to have a low key night and get some Thai takeout. Based on the great reviews we decided to walk over to Sawatdee and order some food. The restaurant space was super cute and they had some outdoor seating so we decided to stay and eat. They had dumplings on special as well as a twist on pad thai and both were delicious. The food was plated very beautifully as if a lot of though went into the dishes. It is definitely a place I would revisit... that is if I lived in Philly.One of the best Thai restaurants I have found in Philadelphia. Small space, reasonable prices, quick if you are getting take out and very tasty dishes.They've made some great improvements to staff and the food is always consistently good. Great lunch menu for $10. It's a BYO which is also great. Nice addition to the neighborhood!Stopped in here for take out because I've been anxiously awaiting the opening.  I love Thai food and its severely lacking in Philly.  I can only comment on the pad see ew, and it was pretty tasty.  It was different than other restaurants, not as much sauce, and it was much lighter.  While I appreciate that you could really taste the ingredients, a little more sauce would have been nice.  I only stopped in, but I was surprised at how small the interior is.  Also, there's not really a place to wait for your take out order so I was awkwardly standing among the tables and people eating.  I will definitely be back to try some more items, I have high hopes that this will be my go to Thai place.Discovered Sawatdee during lunch the other day and was instantly a fan.  Their lunch special is ridiculously cheap and quite good.  Three courses - $10.  Plus - this is legit good thai food...not greasy, no soy sauce, real spices, real goodness.  Plus it's BYOB - who doesn't love that?!  
The place is remarkably clean.  That's the first thing I noticed - clean dining area, clean bathrooms, bright green painted walls...clean clean clean!  
Lunch special was great - 3 courses, entree served with soup & choice of salad or appetizer.  I had a delicious cabbage salad with lime dressing and crushed peanuts on top - really refreshing, really tangy, quite good.  I then had tom kha soup (coconut milk base) with veggies - tangy with creamy coconut milk - with big chunks of vegetables was delicious.  My friend had the dumplings and the tom yum soup, clear broth with more spiciness to it - very very good.  For entrees he had the drunken noodles with chicken and I had chicken pad thai.  Both were great.  Very good flavors, not too greasy, nice-sized portion, tasted fresh and yummy.  
I think I just discovered my new thai eat-in or take-out spot!  Yay!  Can't wait to go back for BYOB dinner!Excellent and interesting Thai food in a comfortable space and easy location.Stopped in with some family and had a veritable feast!  The papaya salad was crisp and fresh, with a hint of lime. Also had a squid appetizer, which was delicious and tender. We shared four entrees between the five of us, and each one had its own flavor and spice was well balanced. 
For dessert we had mango sweet rice, which was absolutely perfect. The mango was perfectly ripe and the rice was sweet without being syrupy. All in all a great experience.Pretty mediocre experience. 
-The 'peanut sauce' was just the sweet chili sauce with crushed peanuts on top.
-I ordered my panang curry -very- mild, and requested it mild at least 3 times to ensure it would be so. I got the dish and my lips burned instantly...so I sent it back. It came back spicy, again. My waiter clearly didn't care that the order came out wrong, twice. He didn't apologize once. I realize that at certain places curries start out pretty hot, but this was just absurdly hot. I seriously have never had this spicy problem ordering this dish before at other places (unless I forgot to request it mild).
-We waited for 20 minutes to get our check and our leftovers.
-Forgot to give us a drink that we ordered.
Definitely not going back...Great service and good Thai iced tea.  
For a thai place the prices here are reasonable!One of the BEST Thai places to eat!!! The food is great and the people are even better!It turns out that if you don't specify a spiciness level, the default is none. We didn't know there were options at the time and our server didn't ask us if we had a preference, so I guess that explains why our meal there lacked some heat. Good to know for a future visit.Ordered from here for delivery. They forgot an item. Also, the por-piah-sod is made with raw spring roll wrappings, instead of the standard clear wrapping for summer rolls. Very unappetizing, would not order again.My neighborhood desperately needed a Thai place after previously moving from a neighborhood (upper-Rittenhouse) dense with Thai eateries.  I was a bit worried about the price (it is a bit expensive for Thai) and usually find that most Thai places can't live up to the cost, but this place was an exception.  The food is made incredibly well and is awesomely tasty.    The drunken noodle is legit.  Their currys are some of the best I have had: creamy, spicy and fresh.   The red curry is the best.  Your body will be in a twitchy, coma stupor as the spice constantly wakes you up from a melatonin heavy coconut milk.  I highly recommend the Por-Piah-Sod.  It is a roll of everything good in this world: crabmeat, chinese sausage, eggs, tofu, beansprouts, and cucumbers - fine guests for a taste-bud bubble bath.http://musingsofafoodaholic.wordpress.com/2011/12/05/safe-dishes-at-sawatdee/
Safe Dishes at Sawatdee
Being born and raised on the island of Singapore, Thailand is just hop, skip and a jump away and is one of my favorite places to visit for its rich history, vibrant cities and of course its spicy and flavorful dishes. And so when I arrived at Sawatdee, on the corner of 15th and South, for my usual Friday get together dinner with the gurls, I was ready to be blown, away.  By the spices of course.
I order the standard Thai iced tea ($2.95) for starters, which is a strong black sweet tea served condensed milk but like most of the Thai ice teas that I have sampled in Philadelphia it is missing the combination of Thai spices, such as ground tamarind and star anise mixed in with the drink, that gives it its extra oomph.
My main dish was the Pad Ka Prao Talay ($13.95) which is seafood served in a chili garlic sauce and it was more garlic than chili. I ordered it with the expectation of having the flavors of a Falcon Studio orgy in my mouth but what I really got a cuddle fest with a good chick flick for two. It's not that the dish was bad or that it was bland, but it was just missing that bang.
Dessert made up for it as the end with their Thai custard with sticky rice ($5). The sweet smooth coconut custard mixed with creamy sticky rice brought tears of nostalgia to my eyes and scenes of the sun kissed beaches and tall elegant waving coconut trees. I think that is the true magic of food, it is not something that you not only enjoy but also have an experience with.
Dear Sawatdee,
! ?
Xoxo
MOAF
Overall Rating: 3.5/5