This is my first full summer in Philly and this city has been pretty hot and humid. So, I've been going with iced coffee for my caffeine fix. Saxby's has a great tasting iced coffee and I'm pretty sure theirs is cheaper than both Starbucks and Dunkin Donuts. They've become my go-to spot for iced coffee, but I'll probably continue going to Saxby's for coffee and pastries year round.Saxby's is just.. okay. It's a good place to grab a coffee, and a decent, central place to study.
PROS:
- Good selection of unique coffee/other drinks
- Lots of space, never gets overly crowded
- Central location
CONS:
- Extremely slow service
- Kind of run down -- some of the chair seats are ripped and gross, etc.
-  Overpriced, mediocre foodThere are lows in service and product quality. Then, there is microwaving a cup of coffee because you haven't made a fresh pot in so long.
Yes, it happened. It happened in a so-called coffee shop.The whole feel is wrong.  It was not a very good spot when it was Buck's County and churning out the burnt-tasting coffee, but it seems to have gotten worse with the further sterilized atmosphere and super-sugary selection of snacks.  
It's right across the street from Penn's dorms and can apparently get away with lacking distinct personality, but that is just lazy marketing.  (At least Lover's and Madmen tries.)  What really makes this place frustrating is that the actual goods it provides are just as bad.My roommate invited me to get breakfast with her at Saxbys, never bought food there before so I thought I'd give it a try. Ordered an everything bagel with cream cheese. Took 10 minutes to get this bagel. When I finally get it, it's simply a toasted bagel in a bag, with 2 packets of cream cheese, and a plastic knife!! Seriously!? I can do that at my own house. You couldn't even put the cream cheese on it?? This place shouldn't be in businessThis place has pretty good coffee and a nice arrangement of pastries and snacks. Their staff are also quite nice and try to make your experience a good one. It's one step up from Starbucks but still rather expensive. My go to coffee and a bagel with cream cheese comes out to about $6. However, it is quite convenient to stop by on your way to school if you live west of 40th street. Lots of large and small tables as well as couches also make this a great place to grab a coffee and study. Good coffee, nice atmosphere, but just a little on the pricey side.I am usually not in this area a lot so on the verge of needing to drink some coffee I saw this nice place on the street and decided to get coffee here. I got the medium pumpkin spice which wasn't that bad. It wasn't noticeably great but I can deal. The service here was quick and it seemed like a lot of college students hang out here with their laptops. 
If you're looking for a place to study, this would be place where I would go because of the plentiful amount of tables and there is even a couch in the front.Saxby is like the dependable, plain-looking sister of coffee shops. The coffee is not particularly good, but they never run out (that I know of). The food at best suffices. Saxby has an one-up on other cafes though, which is... their hours of operation. They don't close until 11pm or midnight, which is perfect for insomniacs, procrastinators, people who can't get work done at home, or the combination of all three. At the end of the day, stale coffee is better than no coffee at all. You can't say caffeine without *almost* saying fiend.If you don't expect a people oriented service and come here to sit with a study group, with a friend while studying together, or studying alone like I'm trying to do right at this moment (damn you Yelp for alluring me with your shiny red flower so I will get distracted and fail my class!) then this is the place for you. 
They have about 20 tables that seat two, a table that will sit 8-10 and a lounge couch in the back that will sit another 10. They could have more sockets though. Their hours are reasonable for late night studying and as an added bonus they have the cutest mouse ever running in the back part of the coffee shop right next to the lounge couch. I'm serious, this mouse is cute and clean...I wonder if it's somebody's pet that escaped. (Picture of the mouse provided)The definition of mediocrity. On National Froyo Day, they had free frozen yogurt; but even then, I was underwhelmed. It's hard for me to feel underwhelmed when I get free stuff. The staff is terse and rarely in a good mood, and while I can forgive them given the hordes of students that flood every corner and crack in the floorboards at this location. On the bright side, however, the young students are what save this place. Not only does their presence give a lighter air to the place, but it also makes this Saxby's a productive ambiance. Whereas the average Philly coffee shop is hit or miss in terms of noise level and distraction, this Saxby's is consistently held to a dull roar, tables relatively clean, people happy. 
Saxby's Coffee, in and of itself, is a hard product to market. Ultimately, it's a very mediocre brew and the food is even less fulfilling, considering the price, than a Cosi (and what could be more underwhelming than Cosi?). Given the number of colleges and hence, students in the area, you'd think better options would be available for a coffee and a place to sit. Unfortunately, Saxby's has no market rivals, so its mediocrity continues unimpeded. It needs some healthy competition, we all do, so that the quality of service and menu will overcome its many shortcomings. 
Also, note Kristine d.'s review of their sketchy credit and/or debit card payments. I have had mistakes on multiple purchases and have heard tell of other problems with card activity. It appears to be an issue endemic to this location.I went later in the evening just before closing to meet with a friend.
The "famous" mango slushy was awful.  It was was so sweet.
Then I saw mice running out, about 3 or 4, and they were eating the crumbs off the floor and then running back under the doorway.  I told the person at the counter, quietly, so others wouldn't hear, and all they said was sorry and then they didn't even come out to go look at them or stop them, or offer me anything!
WORST PLACE EVER!As a coffee shop, it is ok. If you plan on coming here to use their wifi on a laptop, I would not suggest going. For some reason, they neglected on fixing their socket issue. Plug in your charger and see for yourself. The thing slides right off!!
Their coffee isn't worth it when you have a Wawa and a McDonald's a block or so away. I do not understand how these people stay in business in a "college" campus, when their electric sockets are plain horrible.God awful! I knew better but my schedule prevented me from going to one if my usual locally owned coffee houses. The croissant is in the trash after taking just a few bites of it. My espresso is burnt.... Fail. Learned my Lesson!I come here mostly for breakfast. I love the sausage, egg, and cheese as well as the omelette breakfast sandwiches, which are always delicious with a bit of ketchup. The quality of the egg varies - sometimes you get real eggs while other times you get the liquid ones that come in a box. The heath latte is always done right, like most of their specialty lattes, and they have very good quality fresh fruit. I personally find this place too loud to be a study space but I've seen tons of people bring laptops and notebooks to do work.This location is mediocre at best. The atmosphere is terrible. The space is adequate but the lighting is terrible, tons of lights out in the ceiling, makes you feel like you're in a dungeon. The dark walls don't really help the place either. Good luck finding an outlet that isn't being used, out of the four available. Get used to asking strangers across the shop to watch your phone while it's charging. Also, bring your own toilet paper, better yet try not to even use the bathroom. The floor and sinks are dirty. It looks like they clean once a week. The service is ok and the food and drinks aren't anything to brag about. If I have to go here to study I make sure I stop at Starbucks first.Pretty cool college vibe...pricey house coffeeVegan friendly coffee shop. Prices are right and the quiet shop makes it a good place to study.
There are a good variety of drinks and baked goods, definitely a nice alternative to the nearby Starbucks.
Free promotion for august, free iced coffee on Fridays.I'm a little bit surprised by the low reviews here.
Yes, this is not my favorite coffee shop in West Philly, where there are lots of great options, nor is it my favorite Saxby's (that honor goes to the Saxby's of Newark, Delaware), but I think this is a pretty good coffee shop.  Let me share you the reasons I feel this way:
(1) The wireless is reliable, even when the place is packed with Penn students.  Part of the reason is that it is within range of the Penn wireless, so the students don't overload the store's wireless.
(2) There is lots of seating.  Even when it's busy, I'm usually able to find a seat...and if it's not busy, I have no trouble finding a seat within range of an outlet, if I want to use my laptop.
(3) Lively, but professional decor.  Not as corporate as Starbucks but a lot sleeker than most of the other coffee shops around the area.
(4) They sell bananas.  I like that.
That said, there are a few things I find annoying about this place:
(1) No mugs, only disposable cups.  I find this is a huge omission.  I love drinking from a ceramic mugs.  Saxby's does use biodegradable, compostable cups, which is great. (They do not draw enough attention to this fact, IMHO), but I still really love having a ceramic mug to drink from.  If you want one here, you need to bring your own.
(2) This place only gives one tea bag when you get a large.  Some Saxby's give two even for a medium tea.  I find this to be a bit cheap, and it's a major factor in me being less enthusiastic about coming here.
(3) The baked goods and food...it's not really all that amazing, and kinda overpriced for what it is.  A number of the other coffee shops around have really top-notch food for similar prices.
All this said?  My complaints are minor, I like this place a lot.  It's not my #1 choice, but I enjoy it from time to time.As some other reviewers have noted, there's nothing spectacular about this coffee shop, apart from its loose-fitting sockets (for your laptop cord) which don't work too well when you're trying to do work on your computer (I would suggest bringing some tape to keep your cord in place), and its mediocre coffee.  I don't know where the store gets its coffee beans, but its black coffee tastes terrible and is always lukewarm - the storepersons probably never brew a new batch throughout the course of the day.
The iced "Frolattes," as they call them, reminiscent of Starbucks' Frappuccinos, aren't half-bad but they're slightly more expensive.  The sweets (cakes, marble brownies) aren't too appetizing and the sandwiches have probably been sitting there the whole day as well (and I saw a fly behind the glass window, but I'm not going to be too harsh about that since the fly problem is unavoidable around here).  
I go here because it's closer to where I live and because there are more empty tables here than in Starbucks.  Also, if you want a cool fix in the summer, this place has frozen yogurt.  As for service, the storepersons clearly lack discipline in the coffee-brewing sense and they somehow emit some kind of negative energy from their complete disinterest in their job.
Service: C
Taste: B-Sitting here as I am writing this review. Despite all of the other negative reviews, I actually don't mind this place at all. I mean, it's not the best coffee shop in Philly by any means, but it does what it's supposed to do. 
I started coming here this summer, as it's super close to where I work and just a few blocks away from my new apartment. Therefore, I haven't experienced slow service or seen this place too busy or packed. However, I can see how others could have experienced slow service during the school year when Penn students are all back on campus. Luckily, I haven't experienced any rude service from the workers here either. They have been decent to me all the times that I have come in. I usually get the soy latte or a strawberry-banana smoothie. I even ask them to throw in some mangos and they have always been more than willing to do so, which is really nice. 
The chairs and tables are pretty old and worn out, as others have pointed out, however, I don't think it's too big of a deal if they're still usable. This is a good place to study and I like to come here to get work done. The wifi IS free...there are some yelpers who say it isn't and I have no idea what they're talking about because I am neither a Penn student nor have an Xfinity account and I still have access to Internet. There is a lot of space and seats available, although I wish this place could have more outlets. 
Overall, I would recommend this place to others for meeting up with friends or for studying and doing work. Nothing about this place is mind-blowing, but it's in a convenient location and who can complain about free wifi?As someone who has been in here ~5x/week for the past year and a half, I feel like it's time to say something. Every time I'm in here, I feel like I've seen it all. And then somehow Saxby's manages to top themselves with something even more disappointing than the time before. Highlights from this week: Curdled creamer (nothing like seeing solid in your coffee), eggs not cooked all the way through, warm yogurt parfaits. 
The coffee: Signature tastes pretty much like bitter water. Occasionally tastes good but I generally avoid. If you're looking for coffee with taste, stick to dark. That isn't to say that it's particularly good tasting, but it's a step up from signature. The flavored coffee is variable. Sometimes it's great, other times it can make you want to vomit. I don't bother with specialty drinks because of the prep time and poor service
The food: The breakfast sandwiches are bearable but given the service I never order them. Very poorly put together and fall apart as soon as you pick them up. Bacon was pretty bad last time I had it. The muffins are too sweet but edible. The bananas are never in the proper state of ripeness. They're either christmas-tree green or they look like they have leprosy. I really wish they would actually put the cream cheese on the bagel when they make it. To charge an extra dollar for 2 packets of cream cheese and then just give it to you is embarrassing. I'd be willing to do it myself if it didn't cost extra. Bagels are seldom any more toasted than lukewarm. Parfaits are typically left in the front for days on end and as such get warm/soggy after the first day and are disgusting thereafter. The frozen yogurt is actually pretty good most of the time. Lunch sandwiches are unremarkable and somewhat bland. I don't think they're as "Artisan" as their menu claims. Generally speaking, everything is a bit too expensive for the quality offered. 
Ambience: The size of the space is great. However, about a third of the tables are coming loose and falling apart and having spilled my coffee several times from the unbalanced tables, I know now to test every table before sitting there. There are entirely too few outlets for the amount of kids that come here to study. It turns into a jungle of overextended power cables by midday during finals. There are about 5 tables that people will kill for because of outlet proximity. I remember seeing something about Saxby's taking out outlets because of the tripping hazard but this has likely exacerbated it. The music is absolutely atrocious. I despise it. This very well may be my least favorite part of the Saxby's experience. The acoustic channel plays the same 5 songs over and over and over and they're all awful. Totally unbearable. Put the crooner channel or jazz standards channel or even the country channel on. Anything is better than this. With that said, there's usually enough space for me to find a table, which is nice. Couch seating area isn't bad either. However, I hate it when the banks/consulting firms take up 5-6 tables for their coffee chats. I can't comment on sanitation-- I've never seen a mouse or an insect in here so I assume it's good. Wifi is always functional but I usually stick to the Penn internet because my computer defaults to it. 
The Staff: I apologize in advance for anything that may come across as gratuitous vitriol. In a word, incompetent. Just yesterday I attempted to buy a bottle of soda during a low-volume time of day. There were 3 people in front of me in line. It took 15 minutes. Are you kidding me? They are consistently bad. The only exception here is the Asian man whose name escapes me at the moment. It should not take 10 minutes to put a bagel in the inefficient toaster there and put it in tin foil and hand it to me. There's really no excuse, especially since they refuse to butter/put cream cheese on. About half the staff speaks minimal english, making ordering rather difficult. The ordering area at the front tends to go unstaffed for minutes at a time. Organizationally flawed beyond comparison. Prep time is prohibitively long and as a result I won't order anything requiring more than basic preparations. They seem to be understaffed at critical times and overstaffed during downtime. None are particularly friendly or seem to care that much. 
Nonetheless, I am here almost every day. In the end, it's functional and I haven't gotten food poisoning yet. The convenience factor of living two blocks away is indisputable. Moreover, it's cheaper and bigger than Metropolitan and  has wifi, a major shortcoming of metro. I know what to expect when I'm there and so I'm very seldom surprised by the shortcomings I encounter. I get that nothing's perfect, but I also don't think Saxby's is trying particularly hard either.So, I tried sending this email to the management at Saxby's but since no one felt that it was worthwhile to respond to me (after a month)... I'll post it here:
 I went in for my regular drink (which I pretty much get everyday, Monday through Friday) which is a Nutty Irishman Frolatte. This morning, I noticed it was taking a while to make my drink (at least 10 minutes) but I come here so often and have a frequent Go Card that I figured they were a little behind. When the woman handed me my drink, I immediately noticed there was no coffee in it (it was just blended ice and milk) so I informed her (in case she was training or new) that this drink wasn't right and that it normally comes with coffee. Her response was "oh, you have to ask for it" to which I promptly informed her, that "no, I order this drink every single day and it always comes with coffee." Why else would it be called a fro-latte? Attitude aside, she said she would fix. However, what I watched was her basically pour hot espresso onto the top of the milk/ice combination she had made me, and handed it back. It was not blended, mostly warm now, and tasted pretty awful.
 I tried to inform her again, or any other employee standing by, that this wasn't right and I was immediately ignored. Finally, after 10 minutes of standing there with my messed up drink that I had already paid for--the gentleman who works there (i'm not sure his name, but I believe he is of Asian ethnicity) told me he would make me a new one. While he's making it, I was subjected to listening to the other baristas talk about me, stare at me, and discuss what was going on which made me EXTREMELY uncomfortable. The service I had was absolutely horrendous to say the very least. I was not only appalled by the fact that this employee not only messed my drink up once, but TWICE, and instead of having the decency to apologize--stood there and gossiped about me with her fellow co-workers. The ONLY person who was helpful and apologetic was the man who fixed my drink. Never mind the fact that I'm a regular customer, but no business can expect to develop regular customers if this is the sort of service they receive. I have worked in the restaurant/service industry nearly my entire life and I would have been immediately fired if I ever behaved in the way that these employees did today. I'm not seeking to get anyone in trouble, I just hope that this can be rectified among your employees otherwise I can't anticipate being a customer for much longer when I can just go to the independently owned coffee shop down the street.This place really irks my soul. With it's mediocre everything. However when I found out thy served sweet Megan's gluten free bagels. I love when a chain at least tries. That's the only reason I wrote a review for this place. The staff can vary from sweet to utterly rude and annoying. I'll go there only if I am in need of a gluten free bagel, and I don't feel like going to green line.Seriously people, what's wrong with the ratings? This place is GREAT! Nice coffee and chai, friendly staff who  showed me how to use their app with great patience, good music and cool decors. Super clean and nice lightings. Can't ask for more. 
I ran into this place on a heavy rainy gloomy day (not reare case in Philly), after that I became regular.I've been to this Saxby's many times (I work in the building right behind it).  The service is always incredibly slow and there are lots of language barriers, but I always thought the people were nice, and that the drinks were exceptionally good.   Unfortunately Saxby's just made my morning a bit more hectic than necessary.  I went to Saxby's yesterday in person to place a catering order for this morning.  I wanted bagels, fruit and coffee for 5 people, for a 7:45am pick up.  I was told that the "fruit order didn't come in that early in the morning", so I had to do the yogurt parfait, which was fine.  I prepaid with the UPenn credit card (this was for Penn Dental Medicine which is in the building directly behind the store).  I called 30 minutes before pick up (7:15am) and spoke with Geetha (the manager), she was very difficult to understand on the phone, but she eventually figured out that I was the 7:45am catering order.  She told me that they do in fact have fruit, so I told her I would add that and take away half of the parfaits.  When I arrived at exactly 7:45am, NOTHING was ready.  I waited, and took things over to the meeting (which was to start at 8am) as they were ready.  Coffee first and the fruit / yogurt.  I was told they don't have plates.. which is confusing, because they have bagels, what was I supposed to do, have people at the meeting eating the bagels off of the table?  I came back and told them that there wasn't any cream for the coffee.  At this point Geetha announced to the whole store that "because I was in such a rush, and I was late, that I forgot the cream"... this was incredibly rude AND INACCURATE!  After I gathered all of the items that were supposed to be ready at 7:45am, it was now 8:05am and the meeting had already started.  I actually owed them a little money since the fruit cups are more expensive than the yogurts.  So when I paid I very calmly said to her how rude it was that she said I was late, when in fact they were late.  At that point she told me that my pick up time was 8am... this is not at all true.  I confirmed it two or three times with her.  Fortunately this means I never have to use Saxby's for any Penn Dental orders again, but I can't believe that is how they prepare to-go or catering orders.  
Lesson Learned:
If you are coming here for a drink, and you are not in a rush, this place is fine and the drinks are good.  DO NOT COME HERE IF YOU ARE PRESSED FOR TIME.  DO NOT ORDER CATERING FROM HERE.This is only a review of the chai latte.  As of this writing, the second best chai latte I've had in town is here.  The mix of water, tea, milk, and spice works very well such that it doesn't taste like sugar water or very diluted milk.A reasonable alternative to Starbucks.  This cafe is located near the Penn campus and has ample room for studying or hanging out.  They offer many coffee and iced coffee varieties.  I had the grasshopper.  It was very good but tasted a little artificial.  I guess mint syrup doesn't grow on trees.  There seemed to be several regulars who camped out.  Bathrooms are adequate.It's Russian Roulette coming here. It can either be quiet with plenty of seating or every Penn student is here with tons of homework or their entire family. Just walk in and hope you snag a window seat.I went at around 3pm on a Saturday and it was PACKED with students. Make sure to go early to grab a sit! 
I didn't notice many outlets, so you might want to bring a portable charger.
Huge shop with plenty of tables and chairs. Very open, but cozy. The baristas were friendly and polite.
Got a regular iced coffee, cold brew. Very average, not amazing. Very nice price for the amount!
5/5!I usually never write reviews, but this place deserves a good one. Great coffee and music and definitely my favorite place to study on campusHorrible service, pathetic staff, and crappy coffee... I don't think you can do any worse than this establishment.  I wouldve paid just for her to take back the crap she served me and to get back the 15 minutes of mediocrity I wasted.  Stay away, stay far away... It is so bad, that even the restaurants nearby are losing stars just for being in the vicinity.  You think I'm kidding.. There is a reason this place averages less than two stars!!The barista left a group of people waiting to place their orders and walked my table asking me to leave the coffee shop in 20 mins because I finished my coffee and need to pass my seat to other people. 20 mins was enough for me to put away my laptop, books and chargers. This never happened to me in any coffee shops before I felt like I was in a sad movie. One star for the excellent service :)Saxby's is nothing fancy; and nothing sticks out in my mind about this place... only the lack of great service; and the pretty bad coffee. 
I ordered an iced coffee on a hot summer day. What did I get? Coffee that was literally poured over ice in a cup - a warm and watered down mess. This was gross. 
The food was okay. Nothing awesome.
I'd rather spend my money at our two local awesome coffee shops that are within a 2-block walk from Saxby's: Metropolitan and Lovers & Madmen... or even at Starbucks for that matter!closest and fastest thing next to my building.  i go for coffee/tea and frozen yogurt mostly.  both super quick.  
great service by JO the man who works there, i've seen him there almost everytime i've been there.  he is very friendly and nice to chat with.  going in for a drink or frozen yogurt snack has always been a pleasant experience thanks to JO.  
service is pretty good cuz once i got a soup that i discovered after a few sips i wasn't particularly fond of and an older lady behind the counter kindly switched it for another item.  awesome.I went in here a while back. It's spacious and clean, though it was more of a sterile, corporate coffee store type feel to it. The place had a real weird vibe. If my trip was a movie it would be "Day of the Living Dead Laptoppers". No one was talking, there was no music playing, and all I could here were mouse clicks and people staring/mesmerized by their Macs and PC's.
 I ordered an Americano and the servers made it promptly. The coffee was not that great and they charged 2.80. The servers  weren't that friendly as well, though in fairness they weren't surly either.
Not really worth going back there. I'd rather go to Cafe Clave or Lovers and Madmen.The service here is pretty rude and most of the staff doesn't speak english well, the salads are mediocre, the soup was alright, and the drinks are about the same price as Starbucks (which is usually better, too). I do like the atmosphere inside, though. Nothing was super tasty and made me want to come back. I just order a water or coke and do homework in here sometimes. One nice redeeming factor is the gluten free food they sell, including baked goods and soups. Extra points for that!This sounds superficial, but the aesthetic of a coffee shop affects my experience. I know it's a minor detail for most people, but I LOVE open spaces, natural lighting and awesome wall art or decor. 
I'm just visiting from NYC so I didn't know about any issues about wobbling desks or whatever because this place just got renovated? I found this place incredibly great to work in for me personally. There's not that much space if you want to work in a corner just all by yourself...there's a lot of table sharing involved. 
On to the coffee: I ordered the milk and honey cold-brew and I LOVED it! I usually love milk and honey with hot drinks but I thought why not? Hopefully I'll have another chance to try their other cold brew flavors (sweet mint, chai, & salted caramel), but I was really impressed :) my wallet is happy this isn't close to where I live because I'd probably find myself here any chance I get. 
Definitely recommend! & so close to upenn campus too, which makes it even more convenient.It's closer to the bf's apartment than Starbucks or Dunkin Donuts so this is why we come here. The breakfast here isn't bad - had an egg and cheese on bagel thing and it was alright. Pretty large for the price and filling. It's very spacious and has a lot of options on their menu. It's not amazing - it's a Starbucks clone and a corporate coffee joint so what do you expect? But it gets the job done.I came here for a study date with my sister. This place has such innovative drinks! I tried the Chocolate Banana Latte and my sister had a Snickerdoodle Latte; the menu had about 30 different innovative lattes to choose from. 
Unfortunately, the service is a bit slow, and the baristas looked pretty grumpy, which made the coffee shop appear to be unwelcoming. Additionally, there wasn't adequate lighting, so my eyes were hurting after an hour of paper writing. 
I'd be back to try another creative drink, but this place is nothing special.I come here often only because it's so close to where I work. Many of their employees are not on top of their stuff. I have gotten the wrong type of bagel more than once, and my order was also forgotten. Keep in mind that these occurrences were NOT during their peak hours. I don't understand how many times they can forget a drink and have to ask me again about what I ordered. Don't they have receipts?
On a better note, I have to say that Joe is the best. He knows me by name and always greets me kindly. His drinks are made consistently well, and he's very quick to serve his customers. Honestly, if this location did not have this guy and a few of their other employees, I don't know how long they would last.Came in to get a breakfast bagel sandwich and some coffee.  I have never been to a Saxby's before and this location did not make me want to return.I had an  everything bagel with sausage eggs and cheese.  It was good.  I also had an iced coffee, which was bad.  It tasted bitter and over extracted.  I guess they pretty much have a captive audience so why try to have good products and give good customer service.  The food was good but the atmosphere and service left a bad taste in my mouth.  I think I would try another location that is not on a college campus.Not my favorite UC coffee shop (I think there are better places for coffee and much better places for coffee and pastries), but an OK place to sit and work and have a cup of coffee. 
I was especially disappointed by the chocolate croissant - not flaky and not very tasty. I suggest they find another local company to supply their pastries. The muffins also looked like they were purchased from Costco so I passed.Perhaps the low reviews were from people who visited this place before mid-2015, but this place has been renovated since, and its decor and ambience have now gone up several notches. It's a very nice, cozy coffee shop. The service is fast and friendly, the coffee is good, and it's a great place to work (as the dozens of college kids here at any point of time will testify!).Wow! I am so impressed!! I have been going to this saxbys for the past 4 years (recent Penn alumnus) and was very upset when they closed recently for a few months to go through renovations. But man was it worth the wait! They just reopened this past week and the entire store has transformed. Perfect coffee. Perfect location. Perfect staff. Perfect ambiance. OUTLETS everywhere! Definitely recommend this to any and all students in the University of Pennsylvania area.The renovation made this place so much better. I remember I used to do work here a year ago and the tables were wobbly and unkempt. There is so much nice lighting here now, nice paintings, new tables, chairs, and outlets spawned literally everywhere. Menu is a whole less cluttered now too. Looks like their staff got revamped too, because it looks like mostly Penn students are working. The people working here before were pretty rude. Glad they revamped the place.They actually have better service than some coffee places, they are always pleasant and attentive.  I do unfortunately hate their drinks and their food.  Unless you feel like drinking your lunch in sugar (a small specialty drink averages around 530 calories), I would not recommend going here for a drink.   The only thing I would recommend getting is the frozen yogurt.So I don't get why this place has such low ratings, especially since every time I visit, it's clearly popular with lots of students studying there. It's definitely not the most polished coffee shop to say the least, but it's pretty spacious and the service is attentive and cordial. I think the background music is nice and their drinks are always pretty solid (although I don't drink coffee so I can't attest to that). 
I would even give this place 4-stars if I hadn't found out today that their bathrooms are a bit run down, and in my book, bathroom sanitation weighs pretty heavily for cafe ratings (because otherwise, as a non-coffee drinker, most coffee shops seem generally similar to each other in my opinion). 
Sometimes it's tricky finding an outlet if it's crowded, so that's not always guaranteed. Otherwise, it's a nice convenient go-to place to study in UC if you're tired of academic buildings, and especially if you want to be able to collaborate/meet up with someone!I prefer to frequent local coffee shops over the Goliath chains, but since my girlfriend had an appointment down the street and I was looking for a place to kill an hour, I reluctantly went to Saxbys. Having never been to a Saxbys before, I was expecting it to be like Starbucks' twin brother. Wow, was I wrong. It's actually much, much worse that even Starbucks could imagine being. I ordered an iced coffee, and it tasted like some nasty hazelnut sludge you'd get from 7-11. In fact, I think I would rather lick the bottom of the hazelnut slurpee machine clean than drink the iced coffee I was served here. Thinking the server had slipped some flavored syrup in my drink when I wasn't looking, I said something. Nope, that's how it's served here.If Saxbys (aka old Buck's) didn't have their chocolate chip muffin, I would never go in here. It's located next door to my school so it is quite convenient, but the wait staff can be hit/miss (gossip loudly while you wait for them to serve you, do not smile, slow to move, etc). I will say that as in Fred W's review, the Asian employee is very nice. There is free wifi, so there are always lots of students in their studying. Their pastries soups etc etc (besides that chocolate chips muffin...anything with chocolate is obviously never going to be bad) are bland. I've been to much better coffee shops , but Saxbys is the only one in this immedate vicinity.I love this place solely for the spacious seating. It's a great place to study and grab a coffee. I love their large (albeit 500 calories) muffins.
They have a huge variety of coffee drinks on a blackboard behind the counter but most of them end up being $5+ so I stick to regular coffee.I really wanted to like this place. Coming from Seattle, I need a decent coffee shop to spend hours at. Saxby's is not the place. The whole process is just too slow: the cashier takes forever to understand my order (small coffee and BEC sandwich) and then the guy making the breakfast takes forever to make the sandwich. I'm not that impatient of a person, but let me put it this way: I'm still here, waiting for my sandwich. I waited long enough to be annoyed, and then downloaded yelp, created an account, confirmed my account and my sandwich still isn't ready. Oh there it is! Well then. I don't even care how this tastes, I'm just annoyed. But wait! It gets worse. My friend and I both got our sandwiches on everything bagels. We just opened them up, and my bagel has two tops, while my friend's bagel has two bottoms. Like that's an impressive level of incompetence really. No plans on coming back. Ever.If it weren't so close to me, I would not come here at all. After taking over this Buck's County Coffee location, NONE of the decor has changed and this place reflects its years -- it is run down and rather grimy. The only thing it has going for it is decent coffee and food.I love their veggie, egg, and cheese sandwich on a gluten-free bagel, and this place used to be my favorite breakfast spot.
The service here, however, is very inconsistent. The manager always has very friendly intentions, but the workers here are too slow and sometimes very unsanitary. During one visit, the cook dropped my bagel on the counter yet still served me that same bagel in my sandwich.
DO NOT COME HERE DURING RUSH HOUR, because at that point, their service becomes terrible. I came around 10:30 after moving in to my new dorm, and after waiting for half an hour, they not only gave me the wrong order, but served me a frozen bagel with cold eggs after trying to fix their mistake.
I still go for breakfast, but only occasionally.Certainly the worst Saxby's location I've ever been to.  The prices seem to be completely arbitrary.  Not even the general manager knows the prices of any drink in the store.
Prices are at an *insane* markup from other locations.  The Saxby's in Newark charges $.90 for a 16 oz refill.  When I brought in my 16 oz cup to this location, the cashier charged me $1.30 for a 20 oz.  I asked about it, and he said that they charge a flat $1.30 no matter the cup size.  Annoyed, I asked for the general manager and he smirked and said he'd pass along my comments and "thank you so very much for your helpful information."
When I called the General Manager (Matt?  Mike?) to ask about the price difference between locations, he said that their store makes it a policy to charge $1.40 before tax.  Ignoring the fact that that's not even what I was charged, that's a 55% increase (you read that right!) from other locations.  He was also rude on the phone, constantly interrupting and getting defensive.  Managers should know how to handle unhappy customers and this one certainly didn't.
Judge for yourself, but I find that exorbitant.  That this location has no 5-star reviews is pretty telling.  Management could certainly use a complete overhaul.The new, renovated Saxby's is one of my favorite cafes to work in (provided I could find an open spot, which is super hard since it seems to be everyone else's favorite study spot as well). It is well lit and comfortable inside, with outlets upon outlets, and good free wifi as well. Items are reasonably priced and they have a nice selection of hot food items, pastries and drinks. My favorites here are the cold brew and the red velvet cupcake that's a wonderful pickup for in between working and studying.This Saxby's is sad, but it gets its job done on Penn's campus. It's a popular place to go for coffee meet up. However, the service is terrible, the infrastructure deteriorating, the prices too much, the sanitation poor (I have seen a mouse here,) the drinks loaded with sugar and / or stale, and the food unbearable.
There are only 4 things I like about this Saxby's:
1) Proximity to campus - it's literally right on 40th and Locust, so it's a convenient place to stop if you want something to eat / drink and you don't feel like walking 2 blocks over to Starbucks
2) The frozen yogurt - it's surprisingly very good, especially the tart flavor. And the price is decent. Try it (...it's weird that a coffee place has froyo, but I'm not complaining.)
3) During the fall/winter, they have a pumpkin chai latte. It's actually EXCELLENT.
4) The Wifi network is decent, though I always feel gross studying in here, as I feel like I'm decaying with the building.
If you're looking for coffee on Penn's campus, I would suggest Starbucks, or one of the other smaller cafes/coffee shops around campus. However, if you don't feel like walking to Kiwi for froyo, check out Saxby's. Weirdly.The food and drinks aren't expensive, but the customer service is lacking. You notice it a lot in the mornings. It's pretty clear the workers are miserable.Saxby's could be so so SO much better than it is.  I work pretty close to here but avoid stopping in at all costs.
The coffee is watery and stale-tasting, which alone bumps them down into the below-average range.  They have a selection of baked goods, parfaits, and sandwiches, but they're pretty universally dissappointing.  Not offensively bad, just not particularly good.  
I love that they have oatmeal on the menu, but they rarely have any prepared. More than half of the times I've gone looking for oatmeal, they haven't had any ready (and seem to have no desire to make me any).  They also have frozen yogurt, but it's very expensive and comes with very few toppings. I see no reason to get their frozen yogurt when you can get a cone from Ben and Jerry's next door at the same price, or DIY fro yo with more flavors/toppings/variety at Kiwi a few blocks away.
The service is incredibly slow, and they seem to have trouble with even the most basic orders.  Watching the baristas work, there is no sense of speedy efficiency. It's more of a meandering, slightly confused approach to service. The owners/managers really need to step it up a notch when it comes to hiring and training.
There are a couple things that I will say in Saxby's favor. The first is that they have a lot of tables. However, those tables are almost always full, especially the ones that are anywhere near an outlet.  The second is that they're open late, until around 11pm most nights. This is a coffeeshop rarity, and for that, they get a second star.Their coffee is not great. Lighting is awful.  The Tuna salad sandwich I had there was good.  Friendly staff, but some are clueless.I like the sugar-free Chai. And I usually don't have to pay for it. This is a place where business gets done. Many companies that have "coffee chat" info sessions do it at Saxby's. Beyond the customers that are students in suits talking to potential employers, the rest of the place tends to be filled with local university students enjoying the free WiFi. It's like a massive study hall. The place tends to be a lot quieter than Starbuck's, which makes it easier to talk. However, this also makes me worry that when I do speak, I'm disturbing others.Really great coffee shop in university city. I loved the specialty drinks! The baristas were friendly and helpful. Seemed like a good quiet place to study.The cappuccino is not good, at all... That's all I can say, maybe I'll try something later next time. But the place is clean and spacious for real.I like this particular saxbys. I would have given them 4 stars because I love the ambience, the drinks and the food (well mostly). I love the variety of different kinds of drinks offered. Plus the quality is alright. Yes they are pricey, and that brings us to the missing stars. I ordered a grilled cheese (5.99 whopping dollars for a grilled cheese that took forever!!). The sandwich itself was mediocre at best. I was expecting better taste and presentation from them. They gave me Lays classic when it says multigrain potato chips on my receipt. 
Also, there are not enough outlets for gadgets. Well most people go there with their gadgets and this cafe is located bang in the middle of Upenn. So I went there with all my equipment in tow, hoping to be here for a few hrs, emptied my wallet only to find no outlets for charging my computer. Oh saxbys you have let me down. :(  
Still love the drinks.I've been here twice and my overall experience has been pretty good. I love the atmosphere and how all the tables are spaced out from each other for privacy. A lot of people always seem to be on their laptops or reading. My first visit i ordered the  caramel macchiato frap. It was okay I felt like they gave me more whipped cream than coffee. The second time I ordered bacon, egg and cheese on an everything bagel. I would have preferred if they used real egg and not artificial but the overall taste was good. And with the bagel I ordered the British Islander Frap with NO whipped cream! That was delicious and I have no complaints about it! I may not buy another breakfast bagel from there but I will definitely be back for a frap with no whipped cream.I tried latte, ice coffee, regular coffee, green tea,  ice tea, and famous groothie (not sure about the spelling). To tell the truth, I like none of them. The groothie is expensive, 6 bucks, and it tastes awful.For two years, this was my local coffee shop. As a rule, I don't go to coffee shops to get work done, since I'm way too easily distracted. However, for a coffee date or drink-to-go, Saxby's is pretty satisfactory. I'm a big fan of their chai with soy milk, which is my usual as my ornery stomach doesn't tolerate caffeine or dairy. Now that I've moved out of the neighborhood, I don't go out of my way to stop by Saxby's and I don't miss it. My new neighborhood coffee shop is just fine.The staff are friendly, and the coffee is decent. Good place to study between classes as there is a large table and smaller tables inside as well as smaller tables outside. The three star rating is from the toilets, that seem so out of place with the rest of the shop. Interior is trendy, sleak and modern. The toilets, on the other hand, seem outdated and are not as clean as you'd expect.This coffeeshop is convenient as it was right next to the UPenn dental building. I ordered a mint chocolate espresso and I would highly recommend it! The mint was a very subtle and overall made the drink taste like a coffee flavored Girl Scout cookieCheck your debit/credit card activity and make sure there isn't a random charge from Saxby's. I went there ONCE during a dentist appointment and got some strawberry smoothie thing that cost $3.56. It was fine, not great, not bad. But what happened next is what forced me to have to call corporate on this branch. I noticed that i had a charge from my first visit on my account. Two weeks later, there was another charge for the same amount on a day that i was no where near Penn's campus. I called and i was handed off to two different employess who told me that the manager was not available and they would leave her a message. I never heard from the manager. i called back another time to speak to the manager, he/she wasn't available again. Both of the times i called, they told me it was a computer glitch and it would dissappear in a day or two. I called back a third time when the charge still had not dissappeared, and was given the run around once again. I finally gave up and called corporate to report them, since although this was not a huge charge, i wondered how many other people they had done this to that maybe hadn't noticed? I called and left a message and then emailed them to be sure i got a hold of someone. i spoke to a woman named Linda who said she would send me a free drink card. A free drink card? You commit credit card fraud and i am supposed to forgive you because you are sending me a free drink card? Linda says the branch manager  will contact me, a week passes and i still no one contacts me. I wrote Linda back and told her i was reporting them to my bank for credit card fraud. A few days later i get an email from an employee ( not a manager) at Saxby's who tells me i can come in to get my refund! Too bad I had already reported them for credit card fraud and received my refund from the bank. FYI these Saxby's chains are individually owned and operated, so this one may be TERRIBLE but another one may be great since different people own them under one large umbrella company. This branch doesn't not deserve your patronage, and if you do visit here often, check your bank statements.I don't usually give reviews...but the cappuccino here is horrible! I visited another Saxbys in the city before and it's not bad. Not sure why the coffee here is so bad. I guess it really depends on the barista. Not sure if I want to come back to try again.Their coffee is horrible and their customer service is not that great.  It is not a conducive place to study, because they play party music.  I like the music, but when I go to a coffee shop, I prefer a more tranquil environment.  I will not be going there again:(I love the how big the space is and how great the atmosphere is at this Saxbys location. The lighting is perfect, and it also has great outdoor seating. The staff is pretty nice and welcoming as well, but they aren't as quick with service as other locations. I ordered a Chai Tea Latte and it was very dull tasting, and I was kind of upset because they don't make Grill Cheese at this location.I stop by whenever I have a dental appointment @ PENN as it's right next store....
For Corporate coffee shops, it's good for a brewed coffee/snack or a quick lunch. This location has breakfast sandwiches, oatmeal and paninis and soup for lunch. 
The cafe is spacious and clean. Lots of students with their laptops - so it looks like you can hang out all day...but, truthfully, I prefer hanging out all day at an independt coffeehouse.I love this place. Great coffee courteous staff. I also like their food. Great wifi. Near everything at Penn! Perfect place to study or for a study break.Everytime I come here they are sooo friendly.  Service and coffee is top notch. If you want great snacks and great atmosphere this is the place to be.The barista left a group of people waiting to place their orders and walked to my table asking me to leave the coffee shop in 20 mins cuz I finished my coffee and need to pass my seat to other people. 20 mins was pretty enough for me to put away my laptop, books and chargers. This never happened to me in any coffee shops before. I felt like I was in a sad movie. One star for the excellent service :)This Saxby's location at Penn is great! It tends to be crowded with students on their laptops, but you can snag a table if you look hard enough. Great place to study / collaborate.Cold Brew Coffee Quest #8
With the start of summer in Philly, my family and I are determined to find the best Cold Brew Coffee that this city has to offer! No national chains allowed.
-Overall Score: 4.5 out of 5
-Pros: Super well-balanced, zero bitterness, perfectly refreshing on a 95 day, and aesthetically pleasing cafe
-Cons: Served in a plastic cupOverall the ambiance and service is nice, the staff is friendly and helpful if you need a caffeine recommendation. The coffee itself was very good and well made in my Cafe Au Lait, somewhat too milky so make sure if you order then ask for a little light on the milk. The largest problem is it is nestled in a university campus so there is very little seating but the food is okay! I got the the chocolate chip muffin and the pb banana toast. Both were good but not great! The PB Banana Toast has honey and chia seeds on top. I like the interior decor and the building itself just not good if you are trying to grab a coffee and sit for a minute as there is often no space to sit.Does it have great coffee? service? atmosphere? Well no, but it is in a great location. If you are scheduling interviews, meetups, or anything else, you can pretty much guarantee you will get a seat. Saxbys is never that great that it will be entirely full, especially as this location is pretty big for a coffeeshop. 
I've had a couple of the specialty drinks here and while expensive ($5-6), they were considerably better than Metro a few blocks away. The staff is not super friendly but they did very quickly help when one of my friends wanted a different type of milk in her coffee that wasn't available. Overall, a coffeeshop that serves a purpose but isn't particularly ah-mazing.