Much to my delight, this wonderful coffee shop opened up on the same block as my apt. Since it has opened, I think I've been there about 2-3 times a week and I love it here.
The breakfast sandwiches are delicious. It's so hard to find places these days that make eggs fresh on the grill and so I love that this place takes the time to make their sandwiches to perfection. Though it takes some time, it's well worth the wait. I usually get their veggie egg white and cheese on multigrain and it always hits the spot...fluffy eggs, fresh veggies, and toasted bread..yum. Depending on who makes it, they sometimes even add fresh spinach or cilantro to the mix. 
Their salads and lunch sandwiches are equally as satisfying. Their coffee and drinks are just mediocre though - I ordered a French Vanilla latte once that had way too much syrup in it and once I got my iced coffee without any ice in it. I already have a soft spot for this place though so forgive the employees for these mishaps since they are so willing to fix them. 
My favorite part of this place? The windows. When I walk by their huge open windows it literally draws me to them and makes me want to bring all my work and sit by them for hours and enjoy the Rittenhouse crowd...and yes I have done that on more than one occasion. It's a great relaxing place and I never feel pressured to leave. 
The worst part - it opened up just as I was about to move!!I don't usually review chains but I was so underwhelmed by this place I had to comment.  First of all, the staff was incredibly pleasant so I want to put that out there first.  Other than that, everything was just a disappointment.  I wanted the egg white with cheese sandwich (no egg white, ok, move on), wait for sandwich was 10 minutes (not that busy but hey, these things take some time?) and finally I got a bunch of quarters for change as they ran out of $1's (normally would not care at all about this but these were the 3 things I was told as I just started to order).  As I waited for my sandwich, I used the bathroom and this is honestly what compelled me to comment.  It was absolutely disgusting.  Just not right for a place where you are about to eat their food.  Finally the sandwich itself was just ok, not that great and not bad.  With so many choices in this area, I will go elsewhere next time.  Sorry.Positives: Delicious fro-yo, coffee is good, a ridiculous amount of computer hardware for people to use, nice big windows they swing open, nice tables and lots of space and tons of people. I'm glad to live RIGHT next to it. 
Negatives: it's a chain, there are no "for here" cups for many of their drinks (why can't chains wash a few ceramic mugs?)
Overall, I'm for it!I'm not in love with the place or the coffee, but what makes Saxbys stand out is that they have computers and iPads that you can use, as well as a phone charging station with all sorts of connectors to charge your phone if you're in a jam. It is rare that you won't be able to find a table to sit down at, either.
Additionally, you don't need a key for the restrooms, which is the most annoying thing about Starbucks.Came here early in the morning to grab a coffee. I got the kit Kat and a French toast muffin. The lady who took our order was kind of rude and seemed annoyed. The coffee was great. The French toast muffin was nice and moist and delicious. Would have gave 4 stars if the staff was friendlier.I seriously considered not writing a review of this place in the hopes that nobody would notice it exists and thus it would never become crowded and I'd never have trouble finding a table. But then I realized that too few patrons would lead to a risk that this place would shut down before I could fully enjoy this coffee shop cum "place to work other than my office." Damn you Catch-22. 
The way I see it, this Saxby's is like the cafe at the Rittenhouse Square Barnes and Noble 2 blocks away, except I'm less likely to accidentally spend my entire paycheck on the way out and I'm hoping I'll be more likely to snag a spot to work. The cafe is very spacious and has lots of tables - but it doesn't feel cramped. They've got windows that open to the street, which I really like - the space feels very nice and open. They also have some sidewalk tables outside. The staff were very friendly. I only snagged a coffee today, but it was solid - it does not taste burnt at all, unlike *some* mass chain coffee places' offerings. I'm looking forward to coming back to try the food and pastries. There is a very high likelihood that this will turn out to be the sustenance that gets me through the final year of the dissertation. How convenient of Saxby's to plop down in the 'hood just in time for my last year of graduate school ...This is a nice coffee shop that's more spacious than it looks at first glance. I love that they have outside tables, and I spent one day there studying for hours.
If you use Levelup, they have a credit, so if you go there for a coffee it's basically free. That was a pleasant surprise! The coffee was good enough to drink black, which means pretty good by my standards but nothing special. I'm not sure if I'll be back anytime soon, but now I know it's a good alternative if some of the nearby coffee shops I frequent are packed.Ordered a pumpkin spice latte today and was unfortunately disappointed. My drink was a great temperature for drinking, but tasted of milk and cinnamon/nutmeg. I ended up throwing my drink out because it seemed pointless to drink. The people working behind the counter seemed a bit confused at what each other's roles were (not sure if it was a new employee or what), so it took longer than I hoped to get my below average drink.Compared to other Saxby's locations in Philly, I actually like this one a lot! It is extremely spacious and has cute hanging lights. There are a lot of seating options: seating outside, stool seats along the walls by the windows, table seating at little round tables, seating at a larger table in case you need to spread out books and papers, and also more comfy couch seats. There is also a solid number of electric outlets along the walls and free wifi (yay!).  
The ambiance is warm, comfortable and very ideal for studying or getting work done. This would also be a good spot for meeting up with people-- good music selection that is not too loud. The atmosphere is quiet and more relaxing, so you can be heard when talking in a normal tone. 
I can't speak on the drinks or food items, since I only got a hot tea. But I'm assuming that the coffee here would taste like it would at any other Saxby's location. Perhaps due to being a little further away from the heart of the city, this coffee shop isn't as crowded as many others (not complaining though!). I would highly consider coming back here if I ever need a quiet coffee joint to get work done at.We stopped in here since we had some time to kill while waiting for our table at Village Whiskey. I like that they had ipads on their tables and thet they served frozen yogurt. Other than that if felt like any other franchise coffee spot like Starbucks and Cosi. I didn't like that it took 10 mins or so to make a cappuccino. Capigiro across the street would've been a better option.All I asked for was a medium cup o' joe and that is what I got....quickly, too. It was their dark roast...great taste and hot. Still, based on the experiences related by some of my fellow Yelpers, I'm beginning to understand (perhaps) why the Saxby's close to my father in law, in Bucks County, opened and closed so quickly.Completely understaffed. It took over 15 minutes to make a simple bagel sandwich which I ordered before any sort of rush. The individual who was managing the kitchen orders was completely unprofessional, only rushed into the kitchen when she had about 6 orders to make and basically cut the time that I wanted to use in the coffee shop to relax a bit before work. This is just unacceptable, particularly because I enjoy Saxby's coffee and vibe. They should seriously consider hiring individuals that understand that time (particularly in the morning rush) is precious.I felt compelled to leave a five star review for this saxbys location because of the amazing customer service one of your managers, Taylor, gave me. Taylor welcomed me in and helped me understand all the different drink options and even recommended her favorite . She made my drink, cold brew, which was outstanding. Taylor truly showed me as a customer what makes saxbys better than any other coffee place. I will be back again but only because of your outstanding employee!!!!Excellent chai tea latte! Custom ordered with skim milk, even better than Starbucks. Only 4 stars because the cappuccino was almost all foam.Whelp, it's a coffee chain. Smaller than Starbucks so it gets bumped up a star. The coffee is fine, the pastries are nothing special, but the space is big. I'll give it that, the space is big. Pretty much all chains get 1 or 2 stars. This one is perfect for operating out of your university or hospital.This Saxby's location is terrible! I love the Saxby's in Haverford--it's such a great place to study, the food is great, and the people are so nice. I was disappointed to find the exact opposite at the Rittenhouse location. First of all, the service is awful. I waited in line behind who I thought was a customer, but it turned out to be a friend of the barista's and she was just standing there chatting with her. 
I sat down with my sandwich and there were flies EVERYWHERE. It kind of killed my appetite. I also noticed that the garbage looked like it hadn't been emptied in days. All trash cans were overflowing. Between the smell, and the flies landing everywhere, I certainly will not be back. Next time I want to be charged 11 bucks for an iced tea and sandwich I'd like to be able to sit somewhere that at least isn't totally disgusting.Saxbys is really a diamond in the rough.  The place recently opened up with great outdoor seating and seating next to huge open windows that makes you feel like your sitting outside if you don't want to actually sit outside.  My girlfriend was in love with these windows.  Otherwise you might choose to sit on a table with an Ipad locked down to it free for your use.  
When I was there I found out that not only does it have free wi-fi (no big deal) but it also has free printing.  Free printing, WTH!?! One of two things will happen with this free printing business: one it become an instantaneous hit and every Starbucks will follow suit (oh dear god I hope so) or  two people will abuse the crap out of it making it no longer cost effective for Saxbys forcing them to charge for it.  Who knows? Pretty sweet concept and deal for now though. 
We ordered two Veggie Egg White Sandwiches with cheese on toasted bagels.  Great thing about this place is they have a real grill and use real eggs, not the processed egg patty.  Both the veggie sandwiches were pretty good, but interestingly had different types of veggies in each sandwich.  I'm not sure how they decided to include spinach in one and not the other.  My girlfriend said that last time she came the veggies were actually in the egg and not outside so it really depended on who made the sandwich.  
The place lacks consistency from what I could tell, but even their inconsistency made for a pretty good breakfast sandwich.  I'll probably go back to see what other variation I could get from the same Veggie Egg White Sandwich.  This might be fun.Stopped by here while in the city, all out of curiosity. I noticed it was a great hub for students giving its many tables and bench stools, and of course, Free Wi-Fi. The decor was of the dark, intimate cafe genre, and it was relaxing due to how quiet everyone was...sort of like a break from the city. 
I ended up getting a black coffee to see what it was like, regular roast. I don't drink coffee daily or weekly but occasionally have a feel for it. As it turns out, it's one of the best cups of coffee I've had in a long time. Of course, it puts Starbucks' black coffee to shame. When in the area, I'll probably go back!As people have mentioned, this place appeared out of nowhere. Up until last year it used to be a nice neighborhood health food store and when it closed down a piano bar was supposed to open up but the plans fell thru.
When I saw that Saxby's is going to open up I was like "meh" another place with average coffee for high prices, a bit worse than Starbucks, a bit better than drip coffee on board of an airline. 
Then when it opened up, the coffee junkie in me wasn't about to pass this opportunity by! I went inside and was blown away by all the iPads on the tables, Mac and Pc desktops, LCD's on the walls...are we at a coffee shop or the E3? It's nice that they have all that but I feel like everybody owns their own mobile computing device so at times id does feel cluttered when people sit there with their own laptops or iPads right next to the mounted iPads.
Oh, the coffee is still "meh"Great location, good service, clean facilities, great ambiance, lovely people, internet is relatively fast. 
Coffee is good but nothing special. I would equate with Starbucks with prices to match. 
Very, very loud! If you want to study or conduct business, this place is not for you. Music is every where. You can't escape it. You can hear it through the headphones.I wouldn't normally leave a review, but the music choice at this location was incredible. It was enjoyable to sit here and get work done to music that wasn't so loud and irritating. It was a perfect place to get work done on a Saturday. I've never ordered food at Saxby's before and I have to say the Greek salad was so fresh, and made right in front of me. Usually other coffee chains would be selling pre packaged goods. I'll be back!Decent coffee in a very convenient location, Saxby's always provide good brew with a great smile. Although I prefer coffee from a few other nearby joints ie la columbe, etc, this place is definitely one step up from Starbucks. They have good outdoor seating on a nice corner for people watching! 
I order coffee black (like my soul) so I'm not really drawn in to their flavors. Iced coffee is decent, but if you like flavored coffee this place had you covered!This place is great for students.  Replete with desktop computers on one side of the cafe and outlets & iPads at nearly every table, you can get your work done here any day.  There is also free printing (please don't abuse this privilege!) and there are always enough employees to make sure the place is clean and well-run.  They just got a froyo machine too.  I see people order sandwiches and salads here all the time and I've sampled their chicken avocado which was ok, but I mainly come here just to get a change of scenery from the library or my apt to get work done.  They've tried really hard to make the place not seem like another run of the mill franchise, but after spending a month traveling abroad and getting bad service wherever we went, I think Saxby's deserves an extra star for how well-run the place is.  And they're open late.  I admit their coffee will never be as good as Colombe's or Pure Fare's, but I'm not picky when I need to get some serious work done.  You've got your pick of outdoor seating, round and square tables, as well as high tables by the large windows so you can do some fun people-watching as well.They suckered me in after 3 rounds of free cold brew during the Summer (was free all day on Fridays during the Summer). But if you do need a great place to work remotely, this location has tons of seating options, outlets and stays relatively quiet (bring headphones just in case). Prices are pretty decent too and the staff is very nice.I never used to be a huge fan of Saxby's, but lately it's been growing on me. I live right down the street so it's often the closest and most convenient spot to grab a cup of joe or buckle down and study. The cafe itself is really spacious with a lot of seating, and a variety of types of seating from window benches to small tables to large desk-like tables. It's never too crowded and the music level is always respectful. I usually opt for a classic black coffee, either iced or hot, and it gets the job done! Overall a solid coffee joint with none of the hipster-ness or fancy bells and whistles.My new study spot. There's always a large group of other students working hard whenever you need to look up and around for motivation.
My go to is a cinnamon latte....iced or hot depending on the weather.
Please note that I am not a huge fan of the food here. I pretty much avoid it all together...really this review is just to say it's a great place for getting work done and having a cup of coffee to help you along the way :)Delish food & bev, great service & atmosphere.So there are a lot of angry reviews here for Saxby's.  Sad b/c I generally tend to enjoy it.  Though I don't really spend any serious amount of time here. I do stop by from time to time on my way to a yoga studio near by.  It is easy to access, has a LOT of space, clean, is open late, and is generally just a good place to kill a little bit of time. I usually get smoothies here, so I can't speak to the coffee, but the smoothies are great!Weird vibe, stuffy air inside, but one of the best lattes I've had in Philly. Top notch quality coffeeI dig this Saxbys location because it's close to PHIT where I go to shows and take classes so it's convenient for me and the staff are generally super friendly. It's not the best coffee i've had in the city, but it's a big shop with plenty of seating which is sometimes nice. A lot of the "better" coffee shops are kinda tiny and cramped and always full so it's a relief to actually find a coffee shop with somewhere to sit and read. 
That being said, I'm not disappointed in the coffee at all. It's pretty good. And they have a pretty good selection of breakfast sandwiches, lunch, and smoothies to choose from if you're longing for something more substantial. Their cookies like amaze but I always tell myself no cause I gotta watch what I'm eating.Amazing coffee and free wifi! Perfect for late night studying.Saxbys is Saxbys and it's pretty fine.
Plus it's nice that something not Star****s is open on Sunday evenings - you know, for us cool kids who like to spend the last precious hours of our weekends slaving away for the academic gods.
The music is nice - so are the tables with iPads. So many distractions. So little time. And the temperature in this place seemed to mimic - or perhaps mock - my ADHD as it fluctuated from frighteningly hot to disparagingly cool, rendering my hot tea a blessing in one minute and a bane in another.
No worries. The food is fresh. There aren't any flies. And everybody would do good to try a chai tea biscotti coated in white chocolate. There's one for the road.the food items and coffee are pretty bad/flavorless and overpriced but it's a great place to work, conduct an informal interview or meet with a friend to chat. 
i may start bringing my own food, lol.This beats Starbucks by a million. Delicious drinks and food, and the atmosphere is nice and quiet. The Cinnamon Chai Tea Latte is absolutely amazing! First time here, and definitely not my last. Can't wait to come back...This review is for a first and one-time impression (so far). Top notch service, and solid drinks.
I popped into Saxby's on a Sunday afternoon and wasn't sure what kind of drink to get.  Tatiana at the counter was extremely patient and offered to take my order even when it was clear I hadn't fully made up my mind. I looked through the cold brews and the specialty drinks (which all sound delicious), and ultimately settled on a milk & honey cold brew, which Tatiana had told me she liked. Tatiana was very gracious when taking my order, and even allowed me to mix almond and coconut milk when I couldn't decide which one to get (are you seeing a pattern here?).
When it came time to get my drink, Tatiana even offered to me before I had tasted my drink to make me a new one if I didn't like it. But there was no need for that! The milk & honey cold brew is indeed top-notch. A bit on the sweeter side for my personal taste, but still refreshing on a warm day.This place is a block from my apartment and being the budding doctorate student that I am (read: I love to people watch when I write), I tend to gravitate toward it.  But, really, if it weren't for the beautiful windows and large wall bars, I don't know if I'd have much of an excuse to go.
I'm not a fan of Saxby's coffee... I think everyone in the city knows that La Colombe kicks its butt.  But, the food is decent enough and they used to have free internet.  
Things have changed in just a few months: no more free wi-fi, locked bathrooms, I think they completely got rid of the iPads... it's just more of a hassle to go there now.  Caffeine makes you use the restroom more than you normally would, and having to go up to the cashier every single time nature called was a pain.  I thought they did this from overuse and perhaps to keep up with bathroom cleaning, but the bathrooms are still pretty disgusting. On top of that, the hour limit for the internet is kind of absurd.  If I just bought food and a drink that cost me 10 bucks (which is what?  A third of the price of the internet for a month?), then I think the internet should be free.  
Don't get me wrong, the place is good enough to stop into, but if you're looking for a spot from which you can work, find another establishment.Great playlist and free wifi, and the coffee is pretty good. Not that cozy, but a good place to work. It's a solid step up from Starbucks, but doesn't compete with the better coffee shops in Philly.I love Saxby's so this two stars is for this specific location, though I would maybe go with 2.5.
The barista who made my drink was a little condescending when I asked her a question.
The tables are kind of crammed in... I wanted to sit at a table with an ipad & the table directly behind it had 3 people crammed in, so I had to sit on the side of the table and awkwardly angle my body to use the ipad instead of facing it. I don't know why they wouldn't have swiveling stands if they're going to cram the tables so tight. (I tried to move the stand and the table, neither would budge because of the security setup for the ipad.)
I do think having them is a nice touch, but I might try a different location next time on account of feeling crowded & looked down on.
(This location aside, Saxby's Pumpkin Pie Chai is the BEST latte I've ever had... blows any seasonal starbucks latte out of the water by an immeasurable amount!) It is sweet, but it's called "pumpkin pie" not just "pumpkin."This place is disgusting, and my second biggest regret after getting a smoothie there in the first place was not asking for a refund. I arrived there having to use the bathroom very badly, and explained that I was going to order something, but I just had to use the bathroom first. But, they said they had just given the key to someone else. So I made the mistake of spending $4.50 on a smoothie and waited for 5 minutes, having to go even more. Then I walked back to knock on the door, and I realized that there were 2 bathrooms. But, the other one was also locked, so I assumed that one was also occupied and the key was taken.
Another five minutes passed. Finally, someone who appeared to not have a home (really I have no hate for Philadelphia's homeless population, I understand they are marginalized and also have to use the bathroom) and a woman who appeared to have all of her worldly possessions with her in the bathroom finally emerged. When I walked inside, I thought I was going to be sick, because it had one of the worst smells I have ever smelled in my entire life. This is also circumstantial, and not really Saxby's fault.
The reaction of the two employees working then was entirely Saxby's fault. They were incredibly rude to me when I requested to use the other locked bathroom, which at that point was apparently empty. One of them finally agreed to unlock it for me (why did only he have a key and why was it not available to customers?) 
So I walked into the second bathroom, and it was also ABSOLUTELY DISGUSTING ALSO, and smelled almost as bad as the first. It didn't even have any soap. This was particularly disturbing because this bathroom IS ONLY USED BY STAFF, WHO PREPARE OUR FOOD, WHICH INCLUDES THINGS LIKE EGG WHITE SANDWICHES THEY MAKE ON PREMISE.
Neither employee apologized to me for my wait, nor tried to expedite my ten-minute waiting process. In fact, the idea that one of their customers wanted to use one of their bathrooms but needed a key to access it seemed like a huge inconvenience to them. Later, when I tried to do my work, I saw both employees diligently wipe down tables and clean up cups, but not go anywhere near the bathrooms.
So according to other reviews, the manager of this Saxby's reads Yelp. So I'll say this, who cares if you have free IPads and printing if you're location is completely unsanitary and you could get cited by the department of health incredibly easily?
I don't even remember how my smoothie was because I was too nauseous to even drink it afterward.If you haven't been to Saxbys Coffee's newest location on 20th and Walnut, please proceed there immediately.  Do not pass go...do not collect $200.  This is like a super-cafe, with everything you could possibly want from your typical coffee house, and SO much more (yes I'm sounding like an infomercial but it is true).  First thing you notice is the big open space it occupies.  Formally a crappy natural food store, Saxbys has created a great big space where you can sit by a window or outside and take in the natural light as you do work or browse the web (from one of their Macs or iPads for use free-of-charge) as you caffeinate yo'self.
I'm not a coffee connoisseur, but from what I understand, they roast their beans locally (plus they're a locally owned and operated company...gotta love that).  What I love most is their Froyo selection - original tart was my fave but now I'm onto this Cremoso stuff that's sweet like soft ice cream - it's awesome with some chocolate chips.  You can get all types of cut-up fresh fruit on your FY.  Deelish.
In addition to coffee, pastries and your typical cafe fare, this Saxbys has a line of breakfast and lunch items that are FRESH.  Yes, Starbucks - these peeps don't microwave eggs (EW).  They make egg sandwiches and wraps and they also make lunch sandwiches and salads that look quite good.  I have to head back to try more.  
Next time I'm over my office space, I am heading to Saxbys Rittenhouse for some iPad action.  I bet I'd get more done here than at my desk anyway!Not my cup of tea -- err, coffee.
I think this place might be good for candy inspired drinks, but for a simple soy decaf cappuccino Saxby's was disappointing. Maybe it was the bland beans or the lack of foam, but I didn't even finish my small ~$5 cup. 
That's what I get for straying from LaC a block away.This is my favorite Saxby location, mainly because the staff is really friendly, and they make my drinks pretty fast. I always get a Coconut Mocha with coconut milk, Green Tea, Or a Iced White Chocolate Mocha. The atmosphere is relaxed and I can there and get work done, on my laptop without feeling out of place or people are watching me (like at a few other coffee shops).SAXBYS Rittenhouse is awesome. So glad we came hereNice baristas, large variety of drinks, and really good almond croissants!! Good for a quick stop and go, not as good for staying in/getting work done as other locations.Bagels are very good, with many options. However, coffee was quite sweet and the coconut cold brew tasted artificial. I think they can improve this. The environment is nice.I think of Saxby's as the home of the single worst soy mocha I've ever had. That's my coffee drink of choice, and ideally, the chocolate should mellow the bitterness of the coffee; the one Saxby's served me was way too sweet yet somehow, the sugar overload did nothing to mitigate the burnt coffee taste. I found it undrinkable. I cannot comment on their service as I didn't bother to trade it in for something else; I elected to just go elsewhere after two sips.A chain coffee shop.  Not bad though.
Ipads and computers to play on while you drink coffee or have a pastry or frozen yogurt.  The place is still new so the staff is still friendly.
I might prefer some of the other local coffee shops around Rittenhouse, but this one isn't bad.
Lots of seating, wifi, etc.great coffee, good ambiance, lots of table space with fast wifi. good place to get work done and have a good cup of coffee :)I loved the British Islander that I ordered. Roomie, plenty of space to hang out or study. I also love the background music!As far as coffee shops go, this place is pretty cool.
I loved the coffee and having ipads on the tables is a pretty cool idea.  I think this is a nice place to drink coffee and spend a couple of hours reading or writing.This is my favorite Saxby's. It is super spacious. Really excellent coffee, great snacks and sandwiches. The staff is very helpful and friendly too.The coffee here is gnarly. I mean that in the worst possible way.  Worse than the shwag coffee is the service, I mean its one thing to hire people who know nothing about coffee or service, but theyve taken those people who might be trainable and made them negligent and lazy and odd. The place is filthy, they are out of everything, it doubles as an internet cafe, triples as an ice cream shop, quadruples as a smoothie shop, quintriples as a sandwich shop and does it all remarkably badly.  If you are very very patient, in twenty minutes the line of two will dwindle to one and you will order your coffee (or cereal or whatever else this confused place can stock), in five minutes you will have your change, and in a few more minutes you will have your (well, not the one you ordered, but a type of...) "coffee".  Dont expect to sit because the wharton kids buy one water per two people and sit here for a week, but don't worry you wouldn't want to unless you are from Siberia and the novelty of first generation iPads mounted on iron NASA shuttle launching stands on each table hitting you in the head, or a giant plasma screen oddly stuffed into a corner as if to say "look, we have a PLASMA TV --   WOOOO" ,  did not wear off in 2001.  
I gave the place two stars though, because unfortunately sometimes one needs free WiFi and the people-watching on this corner is surprisingly good.  
If you want coffee go get Blue Bottle at Pure Fare or La Colombe, each a block away. If you want a smoothie or a yogurt, go.... whereever people who eat smoothies and yogurts go. If you want to get a little work done that requires wifi and mostly want to people watch and can hold your nose while you choke down some caffeinated moonshine, consider this disgraceful place.Absolutely the worst red velvet cupcake I've ever had. Dry, tasteless and the cream cheese was crumbly and sour. When I informed the batista she made no effort to make it right.  No offer for a refund, no gift card for future use to this location or exchange for a different pastry. Never again.I would skip anything with sugar in it or add it on your own because they put a lot in. I ordered the milk and honey cold brew and it tasted like half the cup was filled with honey. It was practically inedible because it was so sweet, but for $5 I felt like I had to drink it. There are a lot of seats and outlets so the place is good for studying.Pretty good set-up catering to the college student demographic. Long community tables with powerstrips underneath every table for the laptop users.  It's often crowded but there's usually a place to sit.  There's even iPads at some of the tables to use.
Food is pretty good, they get their bread from Metropolitan Bakery.  Coffee is also good, I especially like the Pumpkin Spice they have as their flavored option.  They also offer a regular brew and a decaf every day.  Two options of frozen yogurt with toppings available, and today I got one of their smoothies, the mango-pineapple.  Yummy!  I was overjoyed to find out it didn't have bananas in it.  Don't get me wrong, I love bananas, but they seem to find their way into EVERY smoothie!  My favorite sandwich is the Chicken Avocado which comes with honey mustard on your choice of bread.  Salads are also good although a tad expensive.
Overall I love that they are close to my night job so I can scurry in between double shifts for a little pick-me-up.Coffee is good (not great), atmosphere is comfortable, service is sub-par. 
This place is in desperate need of an efficiency expert. There's always at least four people scurrying behind the counter, yet it takes 10 minutes to get a latte, even when there's only one other person ahead in line! They've also messed up my order at least twice already. I guess they haven't quite mastered staff training yet...
If you've got all afternoon, this is a great place. It's comfortable, the food is good, and they've got iPads on every table. But if you're in a rush, try Starbucks.My husband and I recently had some time to kill in Rittenhouse Square so we decided to stop in Saxbys.  The first thing we noticed was a massive charging station that can charge a wide variety of phones, WHAT A GREAT IDEA! I looked at the extensive drink menu and eventually decided on a cappuccino, while my more adventurous husband picked a "Cinnamon Bear" (a latte with white chocolate and cinnamon) from their speciality drink menu. 
I can honestly say that Allison, made me a great cappuccino and my husband loved his Cinnamon Bear.  I can't say enough about Allison's excellent prompt customer service and delicious drinks. The free wifi and ipads don't hurt either. Definitely will be back to try more of their speciality menu.
My only problem with Saxbys is the lack of apostrophe in the name.Being as I work about 3 doors down from here, they are my go-to shop for my good 'ole morning triple shot.
Generally I think their prices are fair and their coffee, while not being mind-blowingly amazing, is good. I have had their breakfast sandwiches before and they are excellent for the $3-$5 price tag (the veggie egg white and cheese is seriously yum).
Unfortunately, my 3 star rating comes from what many other people have said...the staff is in need of some serious training/direction. 
I like to keep things simple in my life and thus my coffee follows suit. A triple shot americano- iced in the summer, hot in the winter. Done and done. However, almost ever time I order it from Saxby's (about 3-5 times a week depending on my work schedule), it is a complex and drawn-out process. 
I find having to repeat myself numerous amount of times ("Can I have a triple shot iced americano please? Yes, 3 shots. No, not hot. Iced, please. Triple shot. Yeah, 3 of 'em. No, please, NOT HOT.") And then waiting a solid 5-10+ minutes for the staff to suss out who is doing what. A few times my order has been messed up and when I've tried to kindly correct it, I've been met with quite a bit of attitude from the counter girl.
Aside from the occasional eye-roll or scough, the staff is alright, I just think that they need a serious course in coffeeology and team work.Saxbys froyo is YUMMY!! It honestly has to be one of the best in Philadelphia. I tried it last week and am now a full fledged addict of this dessert.  I've had the tart with almonds and strawberries(obsessed), cremosos with m&m's (delicious), and tart alone (amazing). Anyone who likes froyo go to Rittenhouse and try it, you can't be disappointed.The only time I had ever had Saxbys coffee before this was at the kiosk in Liberty Place, so I really didn't know what to expect from this place.
I was so thrilled to walk in and see what a nice open space it is.  There are a decent number of tables and cushy chairs, in addition to many outdoor tables.  At a number of the tables there is an iPad bolted there so that anyone may use it free of charge.  There is also a space with 4 full computers (two Windows machines and two Macs) all connected to a printer, again all free of charge.  There are also two large TVs on the wall.  I'm not sure if I would make use of these things, but it is nice to know there are there if you are in a pinch.
The coffee was good, at least as good as every other place in the city depending on your personal preference.  I ordered a breakfast sandwich and a croissant.  The sandwich ($3.25, make a note Spread) was turkey sausage, egg, and cheese on an everything bagel all made to order, not just out of a freezer.  The croissant was typical coffee shop fare, just average.  They also have FroYo, smoothies, regular sandwiches, etc.
Taken as a whole this has easily vaulted to my favorite coffee shop in the city, I hope that it doesn't become too crowded.Oh, Saxby's.  You have the most incompetent and abysmal employees ever.  I'm amazed you're still in business.
It must be your super shiny ipads, big windows, or simply the fact that people need a caffeine fix.  
Because it's certainly not speed, courtesy, or quality.Great place to study. It is spacious with a lot of tables. Free WiFi. Background music can be kind of loud in certain areas of the cafe. I like that they are open till later compared to the cafes nearby. 
Coffee is good but service could be better. I'm a big fan of their coffee beans - my personal favorite is the Southern Toasted Pecan. They also have the a wide range of cold brew flavors. 
Tip: if you use the Saxby's app to pay, you get $2 off every $20 spent.PRO
~The clientele that populate this venue are young professionals
~Nice staff
~Open, strong wifi
~They have outdoor seating though wifi does NOT reach.
~Lots of seating
CON
~They -had- electrical plug strips but it looks like those were taken away.
~Music is too loud
~Overpriced. They want $1.07 for a banana. $2+ for a small drink. I live in this part of the city and you can find these for much cheaper in comparable venues.The coffee and food are okay and there's good access to AC for your laptop.  The music is generally WAY TOO LOUD, though.  It's difficult to have a quiet conversation let alone study or enjoy the music on your own headphones.
WTF Saxby's? -- it's a cafe, not a dance club!
Months later -- still too loud!!!OK.  Decent enough coffee - but by no means up to the standars of Old City Coffee, Peregrine or La Colombe (and not nearly as fun as Passero's).  A nice place to sit and chill and use a decent bathroom in Center City.
In the summer I opt for iced coffee, in winter/fall (mornings) I like a cafe au lait.This morning really enjoyed my mocha frap it was delicious.  Enjoyed the atmosphere  the decoration inside and the over all feel.They did a fantastic job which is obvious as there are always people in there.  Love that I can get a great fresh salad, natural froyo and a cup of good coffee all in one place.  I have lots of my business meetings and employee meetings hereI was looking for a quick and inexpensive lunch, and tired of the usual spots, decided to give this a try.  I ordered a basic garden salad.  It was fine, but at $8 pretty expensive for lettuce, tomatoes, cucumbers, and onions, with some balsamic.  It would be another $3 to add chicken.  There are definitely better salads in the area for that price, but I will say that the veggies were fresh.Best place to study in the Rittenhouse area.  Lots of space and outlets-- wifi is fast.  
And my PSL was bangin'I'm never drinking coffee here again they talk about their customers like a dog including me including asshole manager he's lucky I didn't punch him in the faceCongratulations Saxby's! You have received my one and only 1 star review!! I have never been so angry at an establishment before to actually give one, but this takes the cake.
I waited TWENTY MINUTES for one large soy latte. No special syrups, sauces, or requests. Steam some soy milk, pull some espresso shots, and put it in a cup. 
Now, say if they were really busy, I would have probably come back later. No. There was one person ahead of me. And then a few others came in well after I've placed my order. The young woman at the espresso machine proceeded to skip my drink 3 times, even after she heard me speaking to another employee about having waited 10 minutes. 
Finally at around the 17th minute, with 6 people behind the counter, a young man asked (again) what I was waiting for. I told him and he produced my coffee in about three minutes. Both the milk and the coffee were burnt, probably due to the fact that he was the food guy, not the barista. God only knows where she went. But honestly at that point in time I was glad just be out of there.
I work three doors down from this place and I always get in early so I have time to grab a coffee. But today was absolutely ridiculous. I was late for work (on a day when I absolutely could not be) because of this, and subsequently reprimanded by a very angry boss. 
And the topper on all of this was that not one employee seemed to care. 
NEVER EVER AGAIN. I'm cutting up my loyalty card and finding elsewhere to get my daily coffee.Saxbys are reasonable, nice and comfortable coffee shops! The red velvet muffins are soooooo delicious. Definitely my cheat snacks. Try their sandwiches for a quick bite!!! The only thing with this location is that some of the small round tables are wobbly and they should have more outlets by the wall. Other than that I love coming here to study, read or people watch.A new favorite cafe. Excellent beverages and staff, especially Giankarlo behind the counter. He's awesome.
This place has great coffee and Macs if you are without your computer - they even have a printer - very convenient.Extremely friendly staff, delicious coffee & the best chai compared to other coffee chains. Always clean & well stocked. Definitely my favorite coffee shop!good drinks, great local pastries and FLiES!!!!!!!  I love this place b/c they have great variety, juices etc in case you're not in the mood for coffee, the TVs are a great touch so you can get some work done and watch a game. But Jerry Christ what's w/ the flies everywhere?!?  Gave them the benefit of the doubt in the summertime w/ the windows open, but it's now November and the flies out number the patrons. Disgusting to say the least. Get it together Saxbys.The coffee tasted bad. They could have used better beans.
I waited almost 5 minutes to get my cup.
The girl that made my drink had a stone cold face and an annoying squeaky voice.I frequent this coffeeshop and they have some great smoothies. The gals working are always nice. They offer food and a couple different options of soups, as well as some pastries. Worth checking out if you want some space to do work on your laptop or catch up on reading in the rittenhouse area.This place has massively gone down hill since it opened.
I was amazed that the people behind the counter were filthy and the service is TERRIBLE.  they are rude and terribly ignorant.  I walked out one day, and then why the heck did I return?  No idea but I will not be back!
go to La Columbe - where they care because here they don't care about you or anyone else.I have never gotten to do work here but would love to someday - the shop is just so cute and has nice natural lighting. I love Saxby's milk and honey cold brew but if you're not a sweet tooth, I'd recommend getting half the honey (or even less!) I think all their specialty drinks run on the sweet side so I always halve my syrups!Great coffee, great food, and great staff for the most part. Now how am I going to fill the rest of this review so it doesn't post as a tip? It's a coffee shop, there isn't much to review. Words words more words. Finally hit the word count!!! Try the cold brew!! Get a milk and honey coldbrew but ask for less honey as they come out a little sweet.