I always enjoy the food I get at Sazon.  They are vegan friendly and gluten free friendly.  They're a tad on the pricier side for casual fare, but the food is worth it.Loved this place. wanted to try it for years. My only regret is having waited so long. Judy and Robert are the owners and seemed to be operating the whole "front" on their own. They both found time to talk and interact with us, my two daughters and my sister. I had the "Patacon" with beef and ham. Loved every bite. Fresh tomato and avocado, tender shredded, perfectly seasoned beef and a thick slice of ham perfection, all sandwiched between two crispy tostones. We started off with fried plantains and a sampler that included mini arepas, mini empenada and tequenas, soft mild cheese wrapped in dough and fried. All of it delicious. For dessert my girls had house made tropical frozen fruit pops. My older daughter and I had hot chocolate. Not anything like I've ever had before, but wonderful and very dark. My sister had and loved the cacao tea. 
Can't wait to go back and try everything.The arepas are truly delicious and taste just like they were made in Venezuela! I had the mechada (shredded beef) empanada and it was just okay... I wish the beef had a little more flavor and was a little warmer inside the empanada; the beef was somewhat cold. I am definitely going to go back though!Excellent Venezuelan food! Gluten free options and wonderful deserts!. Had a wonderful time! Excellent and friendly service, delicious food, and remarkable selection of high quality chocolate. I would recommend this place to anyone.Small, friendly, cash-only BYOB with excellent food. Sancocho & asado negro were excellent! Portions are reasonable and prices are a bit on the high side but worth the quality, presentation, and flavor.Fantastic food. I love the sancocho here (although it is a bit greasy) and is one of the only places I've found in Philly that does a good sancocho. the Patacon was also VERY good, and after having some of my friend's, decided that I wanted to come back and get one of my own. We also got a few of the truffles, which are AMAZING!!! Love them!!
I later came back with some other friends for hot chocolate and truffles, and the hot chocolate was DELICIOUS!!!! Tried a few more of the truffles, and yep, still love them. They were out of the churros and chocolate that day (sadness) but hopefully will be back and next time they'll have them.I was hoping i would've liked this place more.  The bean/cheese arepa i ordered was just bland.  The arepa itself did not have any flavor.  This was my first arepa and i though it would have a better taste.  The bean overwhelmed the sandwich.  The bf had a tasty chicken soup and sandwich.  The best part of my dining experience was the guava juice made in house.  Sorry to say there was nothing special about this place.  We did not partake in any of the chocolates.Coming from a Venezuelan, this was a terrible food quality experience, tequenos were terrible also pabellon empanada was over fried and filling was still coldVery creative, great atmosphere. Must try the truffles. The Venezuelan cuisine is delicious, and the owners are friendly.Stopped in for dessert.  Very entertained by Roberto--very informative having lived in Venezuela and loving his wife's family and culture there.  A review of everything we tried:
Yuca churros with chocolate- wow
Super juice- a secret!!  It's super. May need to ask if you want to try. Raw chocolate beans puréed with berries. A cold drink
La cuaima-spicy!!
Lucky Kentucky-the favorite. Very thick. Everyone loves. Must eat with spoon. I enjoyed a spoon dipped in this and dipped in the spicy la cuaima!
Flan- jack says it was ok, it was good, I like it
Smurf truffle- very tasty
Avocado pistachio truffle- def not sweet. I imagine very healthy :)
Darkest hot chocolate with orange- goodI had high hopes for this place, but it turned out to be overpriced and most of the food was small in portion size and lacking in flavor. I would still go back to try some of the dessert! I'm an optimist!I am only reviewing the hot chocolate, and Sazon deserves 5 stars for that! It's definitely the best hot chocolate I've ever had, better than Angelina in Paris. I wish the place had a coffeeshop style section where one can go sip chocolate and read.Quaint, authentic Venezuelan cuisine with a touch of Caribbean flavors. Byob and cash only establishment which adds to it's charm and neighborhood appeal. Gluten-free yet still very tasty meals. I'm not a fan of flan but the chocolate flan melts in your mouth. Their meals are consistent and brings us back frequently. We've tried all of it and it is all good.Good little BYOB tucked away on an unassuming strip of Spring Garden. Arepas and enchiladas were both delicious- I would recommend the pork or steak. Service was a little slow, but likely because one server was manning the entire restaurant.Excellent  authentic cuisine. If you like a little spice def order hot sauce. Snapper was incredible and highly flavor able without being heavy. I hear one of their specialities is hot chocolate. Didn't have a chance to try it, but based on the homemade truffles it would most likely be amazing. BYOB.I went there for a Sunday brunch. The waiter was nice and place is comfortable.  I tried the La Selva, but I feel that it is too brand. I guess vegetarian food and Venezuelan do not go well together.Loved it! My boyfriend is very allergic to gluten. He found Sazon online and decided to try it out. I love Venezuelan cuisine so I was excited when he surprised me with a dinner date. He didn't get sick at all, which almost never happens when we eat out. They use a separate fryer for gluten free customers! We will definitely be back.This place doesn't get the recognition that it should, it should be packed almost every night. My friends came here after playing tennis. After ordering the sample appetizer dish, I was ready for more food. I got the skirt steak with yuca b/c I LOVEEEEEEE steak and yuca. 
Friend got the beef stew and it smelled delicious!!! I think I want to try that next time!!!This place is super cute and fun. My friend and I both got Arepas, which were delicious and a decent amount of food for 10 dollars each. We both got the guac/chicken/mayo ones. I forget the name. We also got the churros which were AMAZING-- though they were $10.50, as another reviewer said. However, it seemed like they gave us four or five pretty good sized ones, and more chocolate sauce than we could handle. It seemed like a good sized dessert for two which made the price not too outrageous. Also ridiculously delicious. I will probably be going back.this place is one my absolute favorites. the decor is awesome too! favorite dishes are the vegetarian arepa, Assad negro and the vegetarian pablon - SO delicious. the French fries are served built in a jenga tower. the fried plantains are amazing and the dessert truffles are made from raw ingredients on site and are unreal. byob!Finally made it here and it was delicious. Laid back and casual, with a very friendly and attentive owner. She was also great with the 2 young kids we had in tow, bringing lidded cups with straws and extra plates for sharing without us asking. My friend is vegetarian and I am gluten-free and we had tons of great menu options. Between us and the kids we shared the plantains, the brown rice with raisins (big hit), black beans, broccoli, Venezuelan vegetarian soup, and the plain, paluda (beef) and pernil (pork) arapas. Everything was perfect. Great place for take-out too. Slight downer it's cash only. I get it, just not the best at planning ahead.Hands down, the best restaurant I've tried in years!
I've tried 3 varieties of the empanadas, the best is the black bean, cheese, and pork trio.  Yes, I think the empanadas are a little pricey (at Casona, a Cuban place in Collingswood, you get 3 similar sized empanadas for the same price as one at Sazon).  Anyway, the fried yucca, plantains, and tostones are equally as delicious.  
I've had the arepas a few times, the best being the pork pernil, absolutely delicious flavor.  I just tried the beef one and it was also seasoned well.
My all time favorite dish and the reason for the 5 stars is the Patacon.  You have to try this for yourself!  It's two tostones with the pork pernil, avocado, cheese, some amazing sauce, and I can't remember what else at this point.  This will be a dish I get every time I go!
I lied, the other reason for the 5 stars is the delicious hot chocolates.  They seem to be seasonal and I've had the Classico, one with pineapple, and one with a darker chocolate mix.  Exquisite!  The flan is also very good.
I have to give a mention to the owners and servers...  Everyone is super friendly, helps you decide what to order, and great to talk to.  
LOVE THIS PLACE!I was extremely disappointed with both the food and service provided by Sazon.  My girlfriend and I ordered the Carne Asado and the Red Snapper.
     My dish, the Carne Asado, was tough and dried out, like it had been sitting under a heat lamp for the past six hours.  It's only redeeming quality was the delicious, sweet sauce that it came smothered in. 
      My girlfriends entree, the Red Snapper, was revolting.  Now, I have had freshly caught Snapper before, and when I say freshly caught, I mean, I caught it and ate it that day.  Snapper is not supposed to have an overpoweringly fishy or muddy taste.  Yet my girlfriends "Snapper" tasted more like carp caught from the Fairmount Dam.  This leads me to believe that either the Snapper was not cleaned or handled properly, or it was not Snapper at all.
     On top of that our service was B-A-D. There were about two other groups there, yet we had to flag our waitress down several times.  The worst part is, at one point, she asked us for our orders, and before we could respond she said, "excuse me, I need to go talk to someone for a second."  She then proceeded to walk over to a couple was being seated that she apparently recognized, and talk to them as if she hadn't just asked us what we wanted to order.
     Despite some of the other glowing reviews, the combination of terrible service and mediocre-to-downright repellent food is going to keep me away from this place for the foreseeable future.Eating here is always a pleasure. The food is excellent. Being gluten free it's always a challenge eating out---until now. Gluten free without worry...I love it.Shame on me for not writing sooner. It's not like Sazon just opened, or has critics raving in Philly Mag/Uwishunu/VisitPhilly/Easter or another Philly media empire. But they should. Yes. They. Should.
Sazon is exactly what Philly needs more of--authentic, low-key, homey, ethnic spots that are nice enough for a date/double date, takes reservations, and are BYO.
I've eaten here a few times and tried different things on each visit. The arepa (bad description is a corn pita sandwich) was unbelievable. And big. The seafood stew was great. The chicken tower of plantain deliciousness (not the official name) was plentiful and filling... though slightly dry.  The pabellon empanada knocked my socks off.
Service is a bit slow, or what we called "Island time" in Central America. But bring a bottle or two, and the time will go by quickly.
Am dying to try the Venezuela inspired brunch. Probably will. Maybe this weekend. You should too.Love the food here and the owners are so nice. We had our baby with us on a Saturday night and felt right at home at the counter seating. Our one year old enjoyed trying the empanadas, tequenos, and more!Just ok. Have been to this place several times hoping for more. 
The arepas are NOT made from corn, but processed corn meal. The food is bland and not worth the money (everything is overpriced). And NO, it is NOT authentic Venezuelan food. 
Their Mexican hot sauce is good (yeah Mexican). The tequenos and chicha are good too. Hot chocolate is good but too dense for my taste (some people love it).
The service is friendly and the place is clean. 
Brunch is overpriced $12.50 for an omelet? Really?
Desserts are good, but again overpriced.
Will not go back to this place.I fell in love with this little restaurant. Although it was hard to find at first, once we walked in the smell awaken my taste buds. The food was very delicious, and a great place to go with fam and friends. I bumped it down to 4 stars because the waitress was rude, and attended to the gentlemen more than the women.Yuuuummmmmmm! Fresh, delicious, homemade-tasting goodness! This was my first taste of Venezuelan food, and I want more! I cannot wait to go back and work my way through the menu!This is must try restaurant. This is my favorite Venezuelan restaurant and I have been to many across the country. I am Venezuelan and I can tell you this is Authentic Venezuelan food made with fresh ingredients, spices and true dedication. The owners are friendly and hard working. This is a very vegetarian and vegan fri sly restaurant despite of having the traditional pork, meat and chicken venezuelan dishes. Make sure you have some chocolate for dessert! The owner is a fine chocolate maker. This is cash only and BYOB.I'm such a fan! Came on a quiet Sunday afternoon around 3pm so it was before any type of rush. Colorful decor.Parking was easy. Ordered small and large plates. The best to try? The Empanadas! Delicious and flavorful. Also had a side of yuca (their version of fries) and it came with this delicious garlic aoili. I'm already trying to figure out how to go back to this place. Delicious. It's BYOB. Also! I heard they cater, so that's a fun fact.The food was absolutely amazing. Chef Judith was my cook,  my host and waitress.  I would recommend Sazon to anyone looking for an aforable and delectable dinner!This place is SO GOOD. My husband and I love arepas, and it's hard to find really good ones on the east coast. I had the Pabellon (incredible--the sweet plantain is so good and if you add the hot sauce they provide it takes it to another level), and my husband had the Pernil. We split some Tequenos, which are like mild mozzarella sticks...they tasted fresh. I know that sounds weird, but they were light and the dipping sauce was so herby and flavorful.
They also have a chocolate shop called The Chocolate Alchemist, so we had a classic hot chocolate and some homemade truffles. If you are a fan of real, true dark chocolate, this will be heaven for you. 
We can't wait to go back and try more! (PS: Like lots of Philly: Cash only!)Me encanta el trato de los empleados los dueños son súper atentos y amables me encanta la comida es deliciosa siempre voy porque me siento en casa como venezolana que soy las hallacas son ricas mmmmmmGreat place to have a brunch and truffles, which are amazing. The menu is also gluten fee. Arepas are amazing and you can have anything with them. You can also order something to go. The staff is amazing, friendly, and welcoming. I would definitely go back there. Great place.Excellent service, friendly helpful owner that will explain the various delicious dishes. You can taste the love and the pride in each dish.
The chocolate master is beyond an expert in his craft - delicious real chocolate treats made in house from the beans. Save some time (and money as they are pricey) for some post-dinner treats.The food is what keeps me coming back. Service is sub par. The waiter talks to tables too much so you never get his full attention unless you yell "Robert!".I absolutely love this place!! We need more Spanish /Latin restaurants in this area! I love their arepas and their dishes. I've never had a bad meal here. Definitely recommend the pabellón dish, it's so juicy and tender and full of flavors. The staff is very friendly and helpful. They also specialize in chocolate and it is out of this world good. Also recommend that as wellfirst time there and had a wonderful time saturday night.  Husband (Frank) and wife team running it with one server and they could not have been nicer or more enthusiastic.  Relaxing, not too crowded; well priced and very tasty food.  The hot chocolate menu is really great and Frank makes his own truffles with are excellent as well.  A very unique philadelphia place that everyone should support.Oh brunch. I love you so much for all your merits: Delicious breakfasty food at a later weekend hour, potentially daydrinking, a generally relaxed atmosphere best shared with good friends. But GOD, do I hate the inevitable side effects that come with all the usual brunch spots in the city: Standing in line and waiting like cattle for upwards of an hour sometimes, and for what? Overpriced, overly indulgent meals that leave you food comatose for the rest of the day, and that feeling that droves of people are waiting for you to hurry up and give up the precious table so they can gorge as well. No thanks!
I've decided that the older I get, the less I want to wait for my food, the less I want to overpay for mimosas, and the less I want to ingest cream-stuffed french toast. 
So I will gladly opt to go to Sazón any time before I return to Sabrina's/Cafe Lift/Green Eggs, etc. I'll be revealing one of my top secret favorite underhyped restaurants now, but I love them and I want them to stick around, so here goes: Sazón is THE BEST brunch spot in Philadelphia, hands down. It is never full, so no wait. The food is .... Un-be-LEIVE-ably good, and in the "this is scrumptious without being greasy or dairy-laden" way. It's a byo, so no overpriced mimosas. And the owner and cook, Judy, is the sweetest and makes you feel like family.
Dinner and lunch is delicious here too -- love their arroz con pollo especially -- but I normally go there for brunch. Here are my top picks: Cuajado de Pescado. Amazing. It's a fish omelette with plantains inside and a huge side salad with two mini arepas with cheese. And yes I know an omelette with fish and plantains sounds like it won't go well together, but oh, it does. It so very much does.
The arepas are all superb, and the sanchocho is also a favorite for when it's colder outside. I love their ensalada verde with chicken added when I want something light. Tostones and platanos maduros are always on point.
This place is also gluten-free people friendly, so if you have gluten intolerant friends, most of its menu is sans gluten which is exciting to them, since it's usually slim pickings.
Oh and the chocolates.... My fiancee won't leave here without getting a Pitufo (blue Smurf) truffle. The other owner, Judy's husband, is a chocolatier and his pure cacao truffles are the perfect cap to an incredible brunch.I don't know why don't come here more often! I grew up in Caracas, Venezuela so it really feels like home. I had the tequenos, tostones and the arepa con carne mechada!!!i was soooo full but had to try  Some dessert. I had the churros with some hot melted chocolate on the side! Everything was so delicious! I think there was just this one lady working that was like super woman! She took care of every single table and she was super sweet!I love this place.  Now that I'm new to Yelp I want to revisit all my favorite places and review them.  Sazon has amazing food and the owners are very friendly and welcoming.  I LOVE the hot chocolate here.  Sloppy Jose is amazing and the Chulettas aren't too bad either! ;-)On point! You must check this spot out for the real deal Latino food. Everything on the menu is incredible. They're a BYOB, so that's icing on the cake. Get out here and support this authentic spot.My favorite meal on planet Earth is served at Sazon.  Follow this simple plan next time you're on the hunt for savory & healthy breakfast/brunch and you will be assured satisfaction.  Order the fish[/potato/plantain/tomato/magic] omelette with hearts of palm in the salad, the tostones appetizer with 3 sauces, a big Colombian coffee and a housemade Negrita (or "Smurf"/blueberry) dark chocolate truffle.  I've ordered this at least 30 times in my life and it always comes out of owner Judy's kitchen the same way.  Meticulously ingredient-fresh and perfectly executed.  Lots of adjectives here - all merited.  One of Philadelphia's finest gems.The food I had here was really good! The chicken wasn't so tasty, but everything else on the plate was especially the rice and beans....a little pricy but I guess you would expect that in this area.You might not think much of it when you see it on Spring Garden but it's definitely worth checking out. Their food is good, they are BYOB, I've never seen Venezuelan food anywhere else in Philly and they are very reasonable. Its a great place to eat if you need a little change of pace.Went to Sazon last night for dinner. We got the fried yucca, veggie arepa and carne asado. We asked for a side of the 2 salsas and guasacaca (the hot salsa and the guasacaca were awesome!!). The arepa was really disappointing - we looooove arepas and this one just didn't live up. The carne asada was good, but it honestly tasted like my Jewish grandmother's brisket. I could've gotten the exact same thing at a Jewish deli. I was hoping for something a bit more....exotic. The fried yucca were as expected - I really enjoyed them dipped in the hot salsa and gusacaca. We didn't save room for dessert, unfortunately. I'd go back for dessert, but probably not for dinner. The owner was SUPER friendly, and he was our waiter. There were only 2 or 3 servers for the entire restaurant, and there wasn't an open table when we got there. Service was therefore a bit slow, but not terrible.There are a few things working against 5 stars: Somewhat expensive, cash only, and in a crappy location. It's out of the way for me so the cab ride there and back just adds a premium. 
We tried the sampler which was spectacular. We were told we'd need to order 2 arepas or empenadas to equal a full dinner; but that turns out to be untrue. One is plenty! We had the pabellon empenada which was amazing, and the reina pepidas which was only so so. 
The chocolate was also great. Some of the best chocolate I've ever had-- especially what comes with the churros. In addition, we had a $7 hot chocolate, which was enjoyable, but expensive.
The owner Roberto served us and was very accommodating and entertaining. He will boast that it is the best Venezuelan food ever, which I couldn't judge, since I've only had it here.Haven't been to here in a while, but it's always awesome when I go. I was reminded today why a love this place. The sipping chocolate is out of the world! I recommend the Calabasa chocolate. The owners are crazy friendly and knowledgeable about their food and the chocolate. The atmosphere is comfortable, and I haven't had a single menu item yet that I wouldn't try again. I also recommend trying the churros they're incredible.Had pork sandwhich & chicken & rice to go (didn't eat there) it was ok ,wasn't great wasn't nasty, but I've had better.A nice cash only Venezuelan joint with some flavorful food. 
The arepa with cheese was a bit pricey, but authentic. 
The asado negro was good. The sauce was great, with a slight burnt taste. The problem with this was that the meat was cooked a bit too much so it was a little bit tough and dry. You get plantains, white rice, and 2 pieces of beef with this. The sauce is great spread over the white rice.
The red snapper was sub par. I felt like the fish was over cooked and there was nothing special about the tomato sauce. The yellow rice that came with it was delicious and the plantains were perfect. All in all, I wasn't a fan, but I'm not big on seafood either, so take what I said with a grain of sault.One of my favorite restaurants in all of Philadelphia! My husband and I discovered Sazon several years ago when we went to our first Union Transfer concert. Now, we make it a date tradition before every UT show. The empanadas and asada negro are probably our favorite dishes but we everything we've ever tried has been delicious.  If you're dining in a group, the appetizer sampler is a great start. Definitely try the truffles and drinking chocolate, especially the orgasmo!Sazon is one of my favorite places in the city. Because it's a byob and has a flexible seating plan, and well priced menu options, it's a great place for a casual dinner, or a special occasion. The food is always tasty, with a variety of dishes that cater to those who like a well seasoned meal, full of variety. While service can sometimes be slow, I think the experience is always worth it in the end. A great option for brunch too!Great visit from beginning to end-- flavors, service and --excellent homemade chocolates, who would not love it?There's a reason the patacon is the #1 selling item on then menu, it was really good. Besides the food, the chocolate desserts are really good and so is the service.
Update: my second visit was very disappointing..The service was incredibly slow and and the server made us wait for 30 min for dessert cause she forgot about it.Every time I go I don't understand why this place isn't flooded with people. The food is amazing. This is absolutely the best Spanish food I've had in Philadelphia and the best Patacon I've had ever. The empanadas are really good as well as the sauces they serve with it. The atmosphere is perfect for date night but also good for getting a quick bite. Definitely recommend.I loooove this place. Have been wanting to come back for a while. The arepas are authentic and deliciousThis place is as authentic as you can get!  We've been there numerous times and every single time has been on point . Try any of the Arepas , as they are absolutely exquisite. Best dish may be the Asado Negro...or is it the Pabellon Crillo... or is it the mind blowing dessert ?  It's an insult to choose just one... try everything!  Best restaraunt in Spring Arts!We went here as a big group for my birthday and it was absolutely perfect! It's BYOB so we brought several bottles of wine and there is no corkage fee. 
The food was flavorful and delicious! We tried several of the arepas including the mechada and reina pepiada which were our faves. We also enjoyed the pabellon criollo and arroz con pollo.  
The service was great and the staff was very tolerant of our very loud group. 
Will definitely be going back hereExcellent food and service. We walked in and they accommodated us on a very busy Saturday night. Will make reservation next timeEmpanadas and arepas to die for! Drinking chocolate like you will find no where else. Very homey atmosphere with great serviceI heard good things about Sazon, so I went for brunch on Sunday (the entire menu is available at brunch, something I appreciate).   Of course, I went to Sazon for Venezuelan dishes, like arepas, and even though the server told us that "everything is Venezuelan", there are plenty of American dishes on the menu (Sloppy Joe, hamburger, grilled Portobello, etc.).  We ordered the Sazon sampler plate of appetizers (of course) and were delighted by the fried arepas coming with this order.  All items were beautifully fried, but the bean and cheese empanada, and the cheese-filled tequeños did not reach the "must-have" status of the arepas.  The chicken soup my companion ordered was a disappointment:  thin and extremely greasy, it had not much to recommend itself.  Back to arepas: we tried the Pernil (roasted pork marinated in orange juice with lots of fried onions).  It was tasty and satisfying.  The Reina Pepida, shredded chicken with avocado and mayonnaise (served cold), was ok and very filling.  The Tamarindo drink was a sour delight, the Chicha (creamy Venezuelan rice drink) could easily stand in for dessert.  
Our server was solicitous and efficient.  Still, there are some things about the restaurant that are not conducive to enjoyable eating.  First of all, the music was incredibly loud (there were not many people in the restaurant, so the only thing we heard was the booming radio station).  It was slightly turned down after our request.  While the front part of the restaurant is light, the partitioned back part is dark and lacks any cheer, as does the entire bar area.  The restaurant is supposed to serve interesting chocolate drinks. They were nowhere to be found on the menu.  When I finished with the little bit of unexciting salsa served with the arepas, I asked for some more.  A tiny bit of very spicy and smoky (chipotle) sauce was brought to the table, a nice accompaniment to the arepas.  That little bit of extra sauce made a second appearance on our bill, not so good.I like this food but they don't really keep up with their diners. I always feel like I need to call them over for something and they aren't there or can't see. I went with my friend and got the domino empanada but they didn't have it so I got the arepa. My vegan friend got the vegan version of the veggie arepa but later she said it might have had pesto on it :/ I do like this place, but the service could be better...one of my philly favs...great service and even better food.  might make a visit here this wkdn.Love love love this restaurant. Judith and her husband are the owners, she always makes my stay just as great as the food. Go here if you are tired of the traditional cheesesteak and pizza lunch!! Try their arepas and omelette for brunch too.Absolute worse service I have ever encountered. I made a reservation for a large group a week ahead of time on a Wednesday. The following Monday, two days before the event, I received an email asking for a 50% deposit by the following day. When I called to resolve the issue the manager claimed it was standard policy and mentioned during our initial conversation. It had not been, she refused to listen to me and became very hostile rapidly. She told me I should have planned better but when I asked where I went wrong since I called a week ahead of time and confirmed the fixed price menu immediately she simply continued to be hostile. I offered a variety of potential solutions but then she hung up on me. I've never had a manager hang up on me, ever. 
Can't comment on the food, never made it. But if the service is that hostile and arbitrary I don't recommend it.Great Dinner, Great Chocolate, and what a nice person is the lady who own this little place in the middle of somewhere in Philadelphia..
Next time I am in town I will go back for sure!Amazing! I went with a friend and we loved this place. We tried to go here once before but they were closed for a private party, so we were definitely excited to try finally this place! The service was exceptionally friendly and helpful without being overbearing. Our server asked if either one of us had any allergies right away. We ordered yuca fries to start. Order these!!! They were simple yet so delicious! We also ordered some arepas and an empanada. Everything was great. Not to mention there is a display case of homemade chocolates on display right when you enter! All of the chocolate is made from the bean right in house.  We ended our meal with an orgasmo truffle (pb, banana, chocolate, nuts). It was so rich, decedent, and a perfect balance of the bitterness and sweetness of delicious dark chocolate. The decor was also very colorful and pleasant. I can't wait to go back and try more things on the menu.So excited I finally got to try this place. This place gives you are very welcoming feeling when you first walk in as the owner greets you and makes you feel comfortable. The interior has a lot of pictures and crafts on the wall and tables are mainly booths which are comfortable unless you have long legs. We ordered the beef stew with veggies to begin with. I don't eat beef so I just had the veggies and broth which was excellent and so tasty! For the entree I had the Pabellon vegetariano which was delish! I was impressed with the portion size as it wasn't too big. My bf got the cheesesteak sandwich was excellent as well. It has eggs inside which made him excited. We were full so we didn't get to try their famous hot chocolate or dessert. Maybe we can come back later for those. The food comes out a lil longer than expected but that's only bc you know they are preparing it fresh.I made a yelp account to review this place because it's so freaking good. The patacon was delicious, messy as hell and totally worth it, perfectly balanced tastes and textures. everything on the sampler platter was perfect. In both dishes, each flavor stood out against the next without overwhelming each other. Great combinations of sweet and savory , crisp and flaky... they insisted on making my churros again because I was late picking up my order and they didn't want to comprise taste. all the chocolate sauces for the churros were very serious and complex, each totally different from the others. It's pricey,  but I'll happily do it again. (maybe happy hour prices for devoted food lovers on a budget? Just saying...I'd eat there every day) With such great attention to detail on the food that I got, I'll need to try the whole menu. It's possibly the only food I've had in this city that truly has the quality to justify the price.Found this little place from a gluten free website. It's a cute little local place. We sat at the bar, as there was some sort of large party taking up most of the restaurant when we went.  There were a lot of great choices on the menu. The food was yummy and our "server" explained the meaning of the names and joked with us while we ate. We also got to briefly meet the chef. The meal was very inexpensive and we left feeling satisfied.Love this place, been back many times. Sometimes the food can be a little inconsistent. I always get plantains and they are  a little different each time, always good though. The staff/owners are very friendly and helpful. The food is fresh and flavorful all the time. I'd like to keep it a secret.Was not quite sure what brunch would be like at a Venezuelan restaurant but was happily surprised! The omelets (which are actually frittatas) were tasty and accompanied by lovely pillows of fried corn meal dough and a well dressed and fresh salad. The pancakes were hearty and delicious. 
But the real reason to go to Sazon is their killer hot chocolate! Whether the water based cacique or the milk based clasico, these are designed to please the most sophisticated chocolate-lover. Just a warning - the hot chocolate is $6 but well worth it!I really wanted to like this place. It was on my vegetarian list of places to try for over a year and I finally made it there. Had the bean soup, sweet plantains and veggie arepa.  Really plain and lacking pizzazz and rather pricy at $30. I feel like if I had ordered a meat dish I may have been happier. A very nice place but if your looking for outstanding vegetarian food there are much better choices in the city considering they pop up as a good vegetarian option.Well I finally made it to Sazon for dinner! Tried some different empanadas, the Pernil (slow-roasted pork) arepa, and the Pabellon Criollo (think savory pot roast with black beans, sweet plantains and rice. All were very good. And there was so much more I wished I could have tried, you can only eat so much.
Sazon is not "latin concept." Think of it as having access to a Venezuelan grandma who is an awesome cook. Having lived in Miami a long time with access to some of the best Cuban-grandma cooks, I can say Sazon comes close. Although by Miami standards it is a bit pricey for this type of food-in Philly I'd happily pay what is asked just to have access to this latin home-cooking!
Note: Sazon is BYOB. And believe me there's no where around to easily pick up beer or wine, so ya better bring some!4.5 stars. AMAZING clasico hot chocolate! It was very thick and creamy, truly full of rich unique chocolate flavors. It has 5 different cocoa flavors (3 from peru, 1 from dominican rep, and 1 from ecuador). 
I got the veggie omelette and it was huge and great. The fried arepitas that came with it were interesting and pretty good (my first time trying them) -- they had cheese, which i normally don't like, but here they were good, and I didn't mind the cheese. My friend got the la selva, which i thought was kinda tasteless. It didn't impress me much. 4 stars for the food overall. 
The place has menus full of amazing hot chocolates and chocolate truffles. The man "Chocolate Alchemist" (who actually makes the chocolates himself) was incredibly friendly and knowledgeable and gave us some free samples! We had el monstrue (yum), la negrita (mostly pure cocoa, good but kinda boring compared to the other chocolates), and huracan (very interesting, has unique spices!). We also had an 80% vegan chocolate bar and an impure bar made of goat milk, maple sugar, and dom rep cocoa (that chocolate bar wasnt processed well so it didnt look "pretty" and we got it for free). I feel like the chocolates here have a really great south american twist in the taste that american chocolates simply cant imitate. 5 stars for chocolates and service. 
Everything here is quite a bit pricey (hot chocolate for $8!!). While i think the food here generally is great, I don't think they're THAT amazing to be worth the somewhat steep prices (like the la selva). However, the chocolates (especially hot chocolates! Theyre more worth it than truffles here, in my opinion) are definitely a must-try. It's been an amazing experience here both venezuelan- (cute cozy venezuelan place) and chocolate-wise. You definitely will want to check out this place at least once!I've driven by this place on many occasions and finally had an opportunity to come. It is BYOB, so we were armed and ready with our wine. We were a group of four seated at one of their booths and it was extremely cozy. Good thing we were all good friends!
The restaurant is ran by a husband and wife and the husband was serving us. He was very attentive and happy to share his knowledge about the foods and drinking chocolates. Our group ordered the arepas, tostones, and camarones which were all tasty. 
For dessert, I had one of the drinking chocolates which was very impressive and rich. However, it was not sweet enough for me. That is to no fault of the restaurant, though, since that is typical of their drinking chocolates. 
Overall, this place had a great charming, unassuming feel, and definitely would like to come back and try other dishes.I have never been more disappointed with a restaurant. I have eaten at this restaurant countless times in SIX years,  and I've always believed that the husband of this husband-wife owner pair was an arrogant jerk, but today he proved it. The service was slow AS USUAL, the main course was only ok as the beef was slightly overcooked, BUT THE TRES LECHES.......UNPALATABLE!!! When this was brought to his attention,  he refused to take it off the bill and told my table that we "just had no taste." How unbelievable!!!! I will never go back to this establishment again so long as this so called chocolate alchemist is still there. To insult me over $3 shows how classless this man is. Do not go to Sazon if you value customer service because it does NOT exist there.Arroz con pollo superb. Rice/veg balance good. Plantains well done. 
Asado Negro intense.
Menu is fascinating and healthy and creative.
Friendly staff.  Chocolatier ownerI still love this place...but...a 20% gratuity added for parties of 5 or more? I was in with a party of six and was hit with an added gratuity. First I eat here fairly regularly. Second our service was painfully slow that visit, but worst of all it was the owner who was serving us! And 20% calculated on a total that includes tax!? To me 20% on five is an excessive and customer unfriendly policy, particularly with a regular patron. An 18% added gratuity (on total WITHOUT tax) on a party of six or more-ok, that'd be acceptable. But it is really bad form tacking on a gratuity when it's a regular patron and you are the owner. He's served us before and always got a tip, despite being the owner.
But since it is rare I'll be in a party of 5 or more-I will return again and try to overlook the stupidity and his insult.