Not mediocre at all IMHO.  Makes me wonder if Daniel O. went to the same place we did.
This is a great neighborhood byob place that provides welcoming service and excellent food at a reasonable price.  We started going here because numerous South Philly friends recommended it.  This is not foo-foo Italian.  This is not pretentious Italian.  This is "let's go back and work our way through the menu" Italian.  We found the specials to be good choices.  My husband's broccoli rabe and sausage was excellent, as was a grilled romaine salad with bleu cheese and pine nuts.  Both were generous enough to share.  Last time, sausage & figs was a hit.  If you are in the mood for a basic plate of macaronis with red gravy, you won't be disappointed either.  We had a great time with the waitress because my BIL brought a bottle of Great Wall wine from China (that was the 2nd bottle we opened) and that started a whole crazy discussion.  She didn't know us from Adam, but we left there feeling like regulars.
It's a very doable destination if you are on your way to a sporting event at the Linc or the Cit, or to the Spectrum or Wachovia Center.  For those who rely on public transportation, you can get off the subway at Broad & Oregon, then walk back a block to Broad & Porter.  Make a reservation, though because it can be a popular place.  You also want to make sure you have time to have a relaxing meal and make your event in time.Our Friday night party of eight could not have had a better time. Alexa our server was very attentive. The food was spectacular. Started with the sausage and figs appetizer as well as the fried meatballs both of which were perfectly prepared. Our entrees ranged from the special stuffed veal chop (that was excellent), the always good veal parmigiana, the filet with crab meat and a very well prepared gluten free halibut. Every one enjoyed the food and atmosphere. Topped off the evening with limoncello cake and sorbeto. I look forward to returning to this special treasure in South Philly.This place was just OK.  My fiancée and I shared their warm salad with vinaigrette as an app.  It was very interesting and flavorful.  Oddly enough, it was literally a head of romaine on a plate with vinaigrette, strawberries, tomatoes and blue cheese on top.  We both really enjoyed it.    For entrees, I got veal medallions with mozzarella and prosciutto in a mushroom sauce and my fiancée got their stuffed calamari in linguine.  Mine wasn't too bad although I was expecting the veal to be more tender.  It was slightly tough and dry.  Her calamari was surprisingly tough and chewy which kinda ruined things.
All in all, we had a good time.  It's a quaint place and the service was excellent.  The food just fell a bit short of our expectations.  It wasn't TOO expensive, but at this price point, the food should be better.  Unfortunately, I don't think we'll be back.This place is amazing! The food  meets every expectation. The staff is very friendly.  Sandy , our server , treated us like family . This is our go to place !Def,, not a place I
Got
For
Italian
Food ever again good place for Italian food spasso front and market and pesto Broad and passyunk !!!! Def not on my listfantastic!! Perfect for romantic dinners or meals with family or friends. Delicious traditional Italian everything.We had a reservation for two and they seated us next to a large party - had to be 20+ people.  The party eventually turned into a big social event with gross drunken people leaning over our table while we ate our meal.  When we raised the issue with management, all they did was apologize and failed to comp the meal.  I would NEVER take that chance again.Love this place. How is this place still in business with the huge portions you get! The food is very authentic and old family style italian. BYOB which is always awesome. It's also located right at the edge of girard estates area of philly which is the nicest and safest area in the city. I hope this places stays a south philly secret.Food is Overrated terribly. Service very poor by Matt. Soup $8 bowl... Nothing in it.
Bread from local bakeries was best part of meal. Matt made my fiancé feel very uncomfortable by trying to rush our order.
We'll never return. Crabby female bartender also. No personality in the place at all!!So my wife and I have eaten here in the past and have enjoyed it. We were heading to the Flyers game and decided to stop back in. We arrived around 5:40 with no reservation, we were greeted and sat immediately. This is South Philly so don't expect a parking spot to come easy.
Mark was our server and he was nice as usual. At times he seems to be stressed being the only actual server for all those tables. We started with the calamari Sicilian style. It was the highlight of my meal! The spice was just right, the calamari was cooked perfect. I was a bit let down that it was only rings and there wasn't much calamari only 6 or so pieces for $13.00. I ordered the chicken piccata. It was good! The chicken was very flavorful but again it was a very small amount of chicken for $21.00. The side of pasta was good but it was drowning in red sauce. My wife ordered the prawn and scallop special. It was over a white bean salad. The prawns were a bit of work and the scallops were a bit salty. But overall it was a good entree with a $29.00 price tag. Service was good not great. Like I said there is 1 server and 1 runner for 10+ tables at the time. The biggest plus is we got out 15 minutes before the game, around 6:45. Mark only stopped by once to see how the entrees were. Now, my biggest issue is refills. I was charged for 3 unsweetened ice teas. First off they are small glasses and I just wish I would have know refills aren't free. I hate that!! 
While this is good Italian food, not great but good, it is a nice place to go. At the same time it is a bit overpriced for the amount of food etc. We love the fact that it's a byob. We may be back, just not sure when. Solid 4 stars.Its so dark in there. Sauce was blah... service was blah.. and everyone that worked there was sitting at the bar on there phone... not worth it.Went last night. Grumpy staff and pushy, wrong personality for the restaurant business.
 food not as good as we expected. Not hot and small portion of pasta with dinner. High price for soup. Italian bread best part of meal!
Won't return!Was so happy that I was referred here by a family member! This place is the true definition of South Philly. This place is owned and run by 3 generations of the family who are always there. We showed up with 2 large bottles of wine, ready to enjoy a nice long meal. 
To start, we got the stuffed artichoke after reading the previous reviews - was just as everyone described, delicious and savory. 
I had the filet which was cooked perfectly, but skimped a little on the sides (asparagus and potatoes). I say your best bet is to go with a homemade pasta dish for the full experience!I am attending a seminar here in Philly and decided to try and find a nice restaurant to eat at that had some heart to it. After searching around I came across this little gem and was very pleased with the food and service. I had the Sicilian chicken and I thoroughly enjoyed it along with the tomato soup. It wasn't your typical tomato soup because it wasn't creamy and it even had some crab meat on top. Overall, I would definitely come back and eat here. Maybe next time I'll try the Filet Mignon! Also it's family owned and operated and you can tell they pour their heart into it!
One note, I highly recommend reservations as the space is limited and they can get busy. Also, parking in Philly isn't easy so if you are within Uber distance, do it.Artichoke was amazing.  Shrimp was amazing and desert was fabulous.  I will definitely go back and recommend to my friends service was so friendly.We came here with high expectations after a glowing review from a relative. After eating here we'll never go back. "Mozzarella Fritta" was literally mozzarella sticks I could have bought at any pizzeria. Chicken parm came out soggy with very little taste. I expected the homemade marinara to have a little more flavor. End result was a bland over-priced meal. Save your money. There are plenty of other Italian options in the city.
By the way, I no longer trust this relatives restaurant suggestions.
Service was below average. Seemed like everyone was stepping over everyone else shoes. I think it was the manager who initially took our order and we could hardly hear what he was saying. The three employees that were in eye-shot of our table were on their cell phones more often than waiting our table. 
I know I already said this but it's definitely a point of emphasis... save your money. Go elsewhere.When it comes to South Philly dining, Scannicchio's is a really great place to eat.  First off, it is BYOB which is nice, and the staff is very friendly and accommodating.  It is also right near the Broad and Oregon stop of SEPTA so you can take the train one stop and you are down at the stadiums, which is nice.  It's maybe a block from the entrance on the other side of the street. Also after 6 PM you can street park for free nearby so if you are going to a game, free parking and just have to pay for the Septa.  The service is fast and smooth and I have tried many different things.  The filet is solid, and the gnocchi is really good, but I recommend getting it not baked because I think it is better that way and the waiter actually told me that too.  Their spaghetti and meatballs are solid and their bread is really good.  The caesar dressing is good and their salad is as well.  They get you in and out at a nice rate, where you usually are not waiting forever but you don't feel rushed either.  It is family owned and run, so it's not a chain and it offers really good food at reasonable prices especially considering it's a BYOB.  The chicken picatta is also solid, I've had that a few times, they give you nice portions too so I've never left the restaurant hungry.  If you are looking to eat someplace before a game, I highly recommend Scannicchio's.  They are conveniently located with good food and quality service.  I go there almost every time I am going to a Flyers, Phillies, or 76ers game and always enjoy the meal.
Note: They don't take American Express in case you are planning on using it but do take the other credit cards.Very easy to review this place. Blah. Bland. Tasteless. Boring. I cannot even remember what I ate here it was that ehh. It isn't that it was bad, but there are so many other places close by that you could eat at that have FLAVOR. This makes eating here piss you off that you sent money for food made by someone with no taste buds. If you want to eat food that tastes gray, go here.The food is really good. I tried the calamari app, bruschetta, and meatballs. All were great. The dinner special was a steak topped with scallops and shrimp with melted cheese. It was perfect. I'd definitely recommend this restaurant.Quickly becoming my go-to weekend Italian joint! The staff are fantastic and the food is great. I've only had a few things off the menu so I can't speak to it all. The chicken parm can feed a family it's so big. BYO is a bonus! Great for a date night or larger groups.It might be good,  but I'll never know...
I just walked in to this restaurant and almost immediately walked out. As I walked in I was greeted by two people. The first was the bartender who appeared to be very nice. The other was an older gentleman with a bad perm and gold glasses.
I indicated that it was just me. The gentleman looked at the bartender,  paused and let out an audible sigh. He just stood and looked at her as if to say, "what am I supposed to do with this?" She encouraged him to seat me and he shrugged. I just walked out. I certainly don't want or need to be somewhere that it's clear I'm not welcome.
I certainly won't be back.I ended up here kind of by accident, or maybe it was divine intervention. It's a very quaint family owned & operated restaurant. Our waiter Christian was superb, his recommendations and hospitality was top notch. His father and the rest of the staff were great. We started with garlic bread brunette (which was a special order & it turned out perfectly). Then we had the seafood bisque which was very hearty and tasty. It was a perfect dip for our table bread. My friend had the meatball salad which looked good, I didn't try it because don't eat pork but he enjoyed it. For our entrees I had the salmon w: asparagus, I prefer a lil more seasoning, but it was ok. He had the filet topped with crab meat. The crab meat was delicious & his side of mashed potatoes and veggies were very tasty, well seasoned and everything was heated to perfection. They even made a Marsala sauce from scratch for my friend. This all def be added to our re-visit list!they have got to update and clean the ladies room!!!!
Food was good, expected more after all the reviews.My husband and I took some friends from out of town here for dinner the other night. The food was amazing and the service was excellent!  I live in the Northeast and can assure you it is worth the trip!  Treat yourself to an amazing Italian meal and go to this place, you won't regret it. I had eggplant with spinach and ricotta cheese and it was out of this world. My husband had the filet and he said it was so tender it practically melted in his mouth.  Appetizer through dessert, wonderful. And the atmosphere was nice and personal. So much better than the average big chain place with no character. Go for itTrue Italian cuisine.  Great tasting food and very reasonable prices.  Wait staff is very friendly.  I would highly recommend.The food here is consistently exceptional.  My husband has been a customer for 9 years whenever he is in town. Portions are generous, service is excellent, and the quality of food is outstanding. They source seasonal food locally. Highly recommend. BYOB.Scannicchio's provides some of the best Italian food in the city!  I have no idea what Daniel is talking about.  
Try the stewed figs with sausage in balsamic reduction.  YUM, yum.  A definite winner.
It may not be as swanky as some of the Center City BYOs, but it is really quite good.Visiting from Connecticut, didn't know we had to make a reservation. They were very friendly and welcoming. They found us a table and served us right away. The food is delicious! I would recommend dining here if you are in the Philadelphia area. The intimate setting makes you feel like family :) (don't forget to make a reservation)Best BYOB Italian spot in LoMo, hands down. I like the setup there, it's a little loud, but not  to the point where you have to shout to reach the other end of the table - just people having a good time. The meatball appetizer is a must, brings back memories of Sunday with my Grandma.Went there tonight for the first time with a party of 14. We had a pre-determined menu. The food was mediocre to bad. Given the plethora of amazing Italian American restaurants within spitting distance - this was really disappointing. And even more disappointing was the staff. They all seemed really unhappy to be there and unhappy we were there. Rude and unsmiling. (The only friendly person was the bus person - he was lovely.) And they told us quite abruptly after dessert that we needed to leave (immediately) because they needed to seat another party. I worked in restaurants for years - and it was very unprofessional and done very rudely. Sometimes you do have to ask a larger party to move along - but do it with some grace and some forewarning. I will not be going back.Daniel O. is right.  Scannicchio's focuses on traditional Italian food, and they do an excellent job.  If you're looking for trendy food, skip this place and head to Old City.
I went here about a year ago for my birthday, and would eat here everyday if possible.  My lamb chop and broccoli rabe was amazing.  My boyfriend stuck with pasta and loved his as well.
Overall, this place is terrific.  The waitress was sweet, and everyone was welcoming.I tried to buy my Dad a gift card to Scannicchio's to use before a Flyers game and was told that I would have to come in to purchase the gift card due to "previous bad experiences". I told both the women and gentleman I spoke with that I live out of state (over 3 hours away) and would not be able to come in person and would pay postage, etc. to have it sent to me so I could include the gift card in my Dad's Christmas present. They said "it just can't be done" and that I could call back to speak with an owner but they didn't think it was likely they would "approve" it. WHAT?! When I read reviews about this being a family owned business I thought they would be HAPPY to help me out. I've done this with numerous other restaurants and have NEVER had a problem. They also said that since they didn't know me and I wasn't a regular it wasn't going to happen. WELL, that is certainly a way to deter new customers. I called another Italian restaurant down the street and my experience was exactly opposite. They were happy to help me give them my money and help me give my Dad a thoughtful Christmas gift. Cheers to L'angolo's for their excellent customer service. Hopefully Scannicchio's will consider some changes to their policies.I came here solo one night because I had gotten all dressed up for a date that cancelled at the last minute.  I was all ready for good food and didn't mind trying it out on my own!
The bartender was an absolute sweetheart and my waiter was kind and attentive.  The decor isn't anything to write home about, but you're not there for that, are you?
You know you're in for something good when you want about 12 things on the menu and really have to agonize over what you want.  Add to that the fact that there were at least 4-5 specials that sounded equally delicious and it was a tough choice.
I had the sausage and figs appetizer and one of the specials, a garlic crusted salmon with tomatoes and crab meat.  The sausage and figs was a really interesting introduction.  I found it just a tad too sweet for me, but the figs were absolutely fantastic and the sausage flavorful.  I think what pushed it over the line was the balsamic sauce.  Even so, I ate the whole thing.  Let me say again that the figs were incredible.  The salmon was pretty darn incredible as well.  Everything was fresh, perfectly seasoned, balanced, and the crab meat was present in huge chunks.  So nice, since a lot of places tend to skimp on the crab.
Prices are reasonable and the portions won't leave you feeling like a beached whale for the rest of the night.  Definitely felt like great, traditional family food.  I will go again to try the other 11 things I wanted!Excellent food, excellent service (thanks Christian!).  Definitely a new favorite.My boyfriend and I went here on a Friday night after a recommendation from a friend. When we arrived we were first seated in the middle of the room but asked to be moved to a more snug location. They happily accommodated us.
We were served bread and roasted red peppers, an interesting spin on the expected bread and oil. I ordered the veal piccata and he ordered the crab ravioli, which was a special. The food came out in less than 10 minutes, which was great. Our meals were excellent both in taste and presentation. The perfect lighting and a quiet murmur of patrons made for a perfect atmosphere. It was BYOB, so we regret not bringing something as the other guests had.
The meal was perfectly portioned, leaving room for dessert. We ordered the cannoli and blood orange sorbet, which were both phenomenal. 
It was an excellent experience and we will definitely be coming back for more.Great last minute find! Kids were owed and hungry, so were mom, dad and grandma. Food was fast and fresh. Grandma loved the feller with olive oil, kids loved the meatballs and mozzarella sticks. Huge portions so bring your appetite and don't forget your favorite wine, it's BYOB!Extraordinary selections from the menu! No other selections like this one in Philly!  As authentic as you can get, this is the neighborhood recipe!  Great owners and awesome place to bring your customers!A Friday night light on South Broad street. Get the grilled romaine. Order the calamari, chicken parm, gnocchi, but not the garlic bread. This restaurant, opened 11 years ago by no one named Scannicchio, is family owned and it feels like it, in the best possible way. BYO vino, but not any pretension. Time slows to a soft Mediterranean breeze at Scannicchio's, and we could all use a bit more of that.Great Italian food. Reasonably priced lunch menu with all the essential staples. Service was warm and accommodating. Would recommend.Decided to try out this place as a recommendation from a co-worker.
First, we made a reservation and whoever took the call sounded genuinely excited for us to come.  That sentiment carried into the night we showed up.  We were warmly greeted immediately, as if we've known each other for years.  We were seated and our bottle of wine was opened before our jackets were off.  The waiter was extremely friendly and read us the specials, and was happy to answer any questions.  I came into the night not being a fan of artichoke...I left loving artichokes.  Their stuffed artichoke appetizer was phenomenal.  My girlfriend was instantly hooked.  
Next, our entrees came out in the perfect amount of time, and they were absolutely delicious.  Fresh pastas, chicken, sausage and sauce.  The menu was just large enough to have a wide variety without being over bearing.  
For dessert, we each had a nice cannoli with extra creamy filling.  Topped off with an espresso and the meal was complete.  
The meal was a good price for everything, and having it as a BYOB allowed us to bring exactly what we wanted.  the service was attentive, and extremely friendly.  It was quick, but we never felt rushed.  When we got the bill the waiter assured us to simply take our time and not to rush, a nice touch from service in a very busy restaurant.    
First time diners, but they've made loyal patrons out of us for years to come.I have only been here once because I thought everything was below average. Me and my boyfriend ate here on a Friday at the bar. I really don't like the paper place mats they put down in front of you, but that an aesthetic thing. I ordered the fettuccine in a marinara with a meatball because I was feeling pretty traditional that night and my boyfriend got red mussels over pasta. I was so disappointed. The gravy had so much oil in it, I actually couldn't finish it and the meatball was very hard. My boyfriend had the exact same experience with his gravy as well. 
I have heard from people whose tastes I trust that my experience is outside of the norm, but unfortunately I can only base my review on my dining experience and I have to say I was just generally underwhelmed.Amazing service and food!  Felt like I was in Italy again.  Started out with the Figs and sausage in a balsamic glase and the calimari  - both were delicious!  For entree i got the Veal Saltimbocca which was outstanding.  Thank you Scannicchio's for a great dining experience.Probably a 3 or 3.5 based on the food and price point but as other reviews have mentioned the service and hospitality is indeed very good so I bumped them up. 
After a trip to the Camden aquarium we wanted to try some of South Philly's famed Italian food. 
The highlight of the meal was the Pollo saltimbocca which had a delicious home made flavor, good portion size and tasty mushrooms. 
Penne vodka was a bit of a letdown by comparison. It's hard to explain but the taste wasn't as good as I've had at other restaurants. It tasted home made but not in a good way, unlike the chicken dish. 
The mussels and clams appetizer in spicy red sauce was another high point. The clams and mussels were small but tasted fresh and the sauce was great enough to want to keep dipping bread into. 
We also had the house salad... twice. The first time it came it was a bit too drenched in salad dressing. This would have been fine if the dressing weren't so salty - the ample amount of black olives didn't help with that either. Second time around we asked for the dressing on the side. 
Atmosphere and decor was a bit dated though warm. It got very busy as we were eating, which is a good sign. 
One weird thing I noticed was that tilapia is the only fish on the regular menu (though they did have a bronzini in the specials). Given how tilapia is not exactly known for its health benefits they would do well to offer health conscious customers better fish dish selections.
Total price including tax and tip came out to $95 which is just a touch high in my opinion for what we got.extremely charming,intimate and plain old nice place to go and have an excellent traditional italian meal. i went the first time last year with mom,aunt cher,and cousin same age as myself 30. we all had a wonderful time and exceptional meal.we are all foodies and were extremely satisfied with both the quanity and quality of the food.in addition to an excellent meal served by a very friendly and polite staff,the owner was on location and truley made us all feel like family.he was a true gentleman and offered us each a drink,and suggested what meals may be best for each of us after a short discussion to enlighten himself with each of our individual tastes.i had the veal shank over risotto with some grilled italian vegs,which quite honestly was the most delectable shank i've ever had and def the lowest priced.im not one to concern myself with the price of a meal thats worth it,but a low price for a meal u'd gladly pay more for,is a definate perk.the eggplant and seafood is also very good and plentiful.the meal was finished with a complimentary shot of lemonchello which is a delight all its own homemade daily,and was paired with a very sincere thankyou from the owner personally.classy touch... 2 thumbs up for sure, the atmosphere is intimate,dim lights,quaint place maybe 7 tables,traditional white table cloths,very clean,simple bar fully stocked.great for a date, maybe better to be with someone special as there is not much distraction,its very quiet.great for family like granny or mom or husband especially such a nice place.. do try you wont regret it.This place is a diamond in the ruff. You could easily just drive right past but what a mistake that is. Everything we had was so fresh and prepared expertly. We started with a caprese salad. It was amazing, the tomatoes were so fresh and juicy and complemented with delicious mozzarella, red onions and roasted peppers with some mixed greens as well. This has to be the best caprese salad I've ever had. We also had the bruschetta, which was similar to the caprese salad but was also delicious. For entrees we had the penne alla vodka with chicken which again has to be the best I've ever tasted and shrimp scampi which had 6 large shrimp over risotto with a tasty lemon wine sauce. The shrimp were fresh and prepared perfectly. One of the people we were dining with had the stuffed veal chop which I tried and bet your bottom dollar I'll be ordering that next time. Ordinarily I wouldn't order dessert but we couldn't resist the cannoli, and you guessed it, hands down the best I've ever tasted and I've had more the my fair share of cannolis. The place is a byob so be prepared for that. All in all the price for the quality and quantity of food can't be beat, needless to say I can't wait to visit this place again. In a market so saturated with big corporate chains it's great to find a fantastic family run bistro with food that is more affordable and better quality.I come from a big Italian family and this was where I decided to have my birthday celebrations this year. It was the BEST meal I've had in month!!
Everything everyone had was DELICIOUS! 
Chicken Saltimbocca, calamari, veal francese, stuffed calamari, some penne with vocka sauce and scallops special...
but the BEST, and I was surprised because my mommom usually makes this the best, was the stuffed artichoke- filled with chunks of bread and cheeses and gooey, this was AWESOME! HIGHLY RECOMMEND!!Philly has amazed us with food, but scannicchios was food for the gods!
Every plate within our party of six took us on a trip through Italy... We can't wait to go back!!!fantastic!! Perfect for romantic dinners or meals with family or friends. Delicious traditional Italian everything, a local fav.Yo people you wanna go to the best BYOB restaurant in the city? Then this is the place. Come hungry and ready to have a great time. Ive had everything there and its always been 5 star. Its great for all occasions. You gotta try it if you're in the area. You wont be disappointed. Enjoy!!!Went here last night with family and I can't believe I have never been here before. 
I can only describe this great South Philly BYOB as:  If I were on death row and was being asked for my last meal, this is where I would want it to come from.   The best Caesar Salad in the city. My main course was a huge seafood Fra Diavlo with clams, muscles, shrimp, lobster, crab, and calamari in a great spicy red sauce. 
The fried romaine lettuce special was very tasty and not a combination that you would think would go well together. 
Our group also had the filet, pork chop special, and the shrimp scampi which were generous in size and delicious.  We were not hungry for desert, however our server treated us to an after dinner pineapple shot. 
Can't wait until my next visit.My husband and I went here on a Monday night, only because the place we really wanted to try (L'Angolo) was closed. The atmosphere was okay, the wait staff average and the food nothing to write home about. If that is authentic Italian, then I don't know why anyone would like the food in general. My meal was very bland and I did not enjoy it very much; ended up taking it home for the dog. The next night we tried L'Angolo, and the experience was 1000x better, along with the food. Save yourself time and money, go a half block down to L'Angolo's!!!Schannicchio's is great! The service was really good and everyone was friendly. On top of that, they have a very authentic Italian menu. Everything was cooked perfectly and the specials were excellent. Would highly recommend the bruschetta as well as anything fradiavolo (the sauce has a decent kick). It's BYOB too, so stop by a liquor store and pick up a bottle of wine before heading over.This place is amazing!!! It was our 33rd Wedding anniversary and my husband chose this restaurant based in some recommendations.  Thank you to everyone that recommended it!  We were warmly greeted at the door, Mark our server was fun and inviting and we knew we made the right choice.  
Eggplant tower of Pisa was amazing... Then Mark our server, sent over a plate of homemade meatballs with sauce and ricotta and bruschetta as an anniversary gift to us... Seriously...
If you are looking for authentic Italian food and the love to go with it...you have to have dinner with the Scannicchio family. 
DeliziosoWow.  You wouldn't necessarily know it from the outside, but this place is BOMB.
My boyfriend, his family, my mother and I came here with short-notice reservations on a Thursday evening after an afternoon of sightseeing, and it was truly amazing.  The setting, given that this restaurant used to be a row home, is super adorable.  Quaint, romantic, yet trendy and fun - it really has everything.  Except a liquor license.
But that's okay, because it's BYOB! And they don't charge you something ridiculous for "corking" and "pouring" and "lifting" and all that other crap that typical BYOB restaurants charge you.
The food, including the antipasto, was to die for.  We all loved our appetizers and entrees, and the desserts were just as delicious - the perfect finish to a perfect meal.  I can see why it's so popular, especially for concert -goers.
Our server was excellent, too, even if his Italian was a little rusty.  We couldn't remember how to say "you're welcome," and neither could he.
I can't say enough good things about this place.  Just go here, and ask for the limon after dinner.  Trust me.Dinner there last night with friends. Very comfortable restaurant (most places in So. Philly pack you in like sardines).  Good service, staff was very friendly.
Appy's were delicious. Most entrees were very good to excellent. One was just OK. I would go back, but try something different.Loved it!  Food was great, authentic. Everything was perfect. Super friendly accommodating staff. 
Can't wait to go back!This is hands down the best Italian restaurant I have ever eaten at !! Everything is homemade, service was wonderful , and I can hardly wait to go back!Went to Scannicchio's with my dad for dinner this summer. I grew up as part of a large italian family with lots of good cooks, so I definitely have a preconceived notion of what my typical traditional meal should be like. This place is exactly what I am looking for in a real south Philly italian restaurant.  We came early (5:30) on a week night, and the only other customer was an old italian man who looked to be about 85.  The host greeted us warmly and even got our names as we were seated.  We opened a nice bottle of red (byo) and settled in for a great meal.  We started out with the fresh bread, some broccoli rabe, and my dad had the stuffed artichoke (excellent and very traditional) and I had the special: tower of grilled eggplant, tomatoes, fresh mozzarella with balsalmic- amazingly good.  Being a huge eggplant fan I tried the eggplant parm for dinner which was also delicious, but my dad's meal was truly the standout: stuffed calamari in a red sauce. The calamar tasted exactly the way that my grandmother used to make it for the holidays, it really brought my dad back to his childhood.  The flavors were great, the sauce very rich with the flavors of the seafood. It was a treat eating this meal that we usually reserve for Christmas eve.  After finishing our wine, the manager brought out some of his homemade pineapple-cello which i could not get enough of.  So delicious.  I was happy that I didn't have to drive us home.   I would definitely recommend this place for a great traditional italian meal.  I was hoping to eat here on New Year's eve but they are completely booked- will just have to come back another night...The Lunch menu is a super Value plus the quality makes it even better.The chicken parmigiana perfect mix with the sauce and the mozzarella cheese awesome with a side of linguine perfecto.Ive never had a bad meal. Parking is the only issue definitely give it a shot you will not be disappointed.The food here was good. They were very accommodating and the server was nice. The server was wearing an old tshirt which felt out of place since it's a nicer restaurant (cloth napkins & tablecloths and such.) I got the linguine with clams in white sauce, my boyfriend got the baked gnocchi. Our friends got a pork chop rack special and lobster ravioli, they were very happy with their meals.  We got calamari and brussel sprouts as appetizers, which were good as well. The olive oil for the bread basket was not good. I did feel sort of rushed, which I understand because it's Saturday although the restaurant itself was slow. Also, very fairly priced which was great.One of South Philadelphia's finest! 
I recently was in the area and asked a local if she could recommend an Italian place for Dinner her eyes lit up and without hesitation she says Scannichio's!   I wasn't going to question her. She is a local and she is Italian so I took her at her word. 
Let me say that there is something special about family owned and operated places. It's either "special" because its disorganized and under budgeted,or in this case its special because of supreme personal service, atmosphere, and quality of product.  
 Very pleased with appetizers. I had the bruschetta not the most difficult thing but all fresh flavors and seasonings. Their is a distinct taste in there Parmesan cheese very good. 
For dinner I had the best meal I've ever had. "Death sentence last meal good". 
Had the chicken Saltimbocca with asparagus and pasta (oil and garlic ) 
Guys I'm not kidding best meal ever. All fresh herbs and seasoning. Distinct taste in the sauces and pasta was perfect. 
Finished with cannoli and Capp. 
Will be back soon and often. Strongly recommend.Am I missing something?  Look... I'm all about kitschy-but-classic, and after a few friends told us how "awesome" this place was we finally broke down and went.
Our reaction was basically: "Huh?".  Food was... okay... service was... okay... atmosphere was campy but without anything like charm... just tasteless.  And the prices were way higher than the quality of the food permits.We stopped in before a ball game at CBP. It's a cute little corner Italian restaurant with very friendly staff. BYOB is a huge plus. Unfortunately the food is so so. Our party had the lobster ravioli, breaded chicken, spaghetti and meatballs, beat salad and artichoke.
The lobster ravioli was fishy tasting. I don't think they were fresh or homemade. The chicken was decent. The meatballs were ok, but tasted more like sausage. The beat salad was extremely salty, which we had to send back.Nice staff, relaxing dining room on a quiet late afternoon,and  BYOB makes it nice for a group.  Food was so-so and we'd try someplace else the next time we're in south Philly. Fried calamari looked like we were served the last portion in the place, small portion and small little pieces. Veal saltimbocca had a flavorful sauce but  was dry and overcooked; broccoli rabe so overcooked it was unrecognizable, fettuccini Alfredo tough and congealed......all this on a quiet sunday. Can't imagine what they're serving on a chaotic Saturday night.
Better dishes were the tender gnocchi with Gorgonzola , and the stuffed artichoke appetizer. Desserts were uneven,  with a mud pie frozen dessert being great, but a chocolate cake with peanut butter mousse being dry and tasteless. Would have like cannoli instead of either .... But we're told they ran out of shells the day before.We came on a busy Sunday and had a decent meal, mixed reviews of the food across the dinner. 
We loved the appetizers, great calamari, decent escargot and an amazing salad special of grilled romaine with strawberries balsamic, pine nuts and blue cheese. 
Entrees - I tried 2 of the specials. The veal shank (Osso boucco) in red sauce that was quite disappointing. The red sauce drowned the veal and the risotto and was not powerful enough for the meat. The shank itself had great flavor and texture. The risotto was completely drenched in sauce so I could not really taste it as such. The other entree I tried was a crusted salmon that was just OK. Presentation was nice. 
We had 4 deserts a great bread pudding and Tartoufoo, a bad cheese cake and an a decent chocolate cake. 
Service was OK - not bad not great - again you can do much better in Philly. 
I am a little bummed because the good dishes were really good. For the price I think you can do much better in Philly. I would try this place again in the hopes I was there on an off night.Reservation would be good. We didn't make reservation on busy Friday evening, but the host asked us to wait for 10 minutes and were seated. I had seafood pasta and snails. The portion was generous and the service was friendly. But I would pick Pesto over this place.Great BYOB in South Philly.  Informal casual atmosphere.  Good menu selection: pasta, seafood and meat all have great choices.  Seafood alla scannicchio is my personal favorite.  Portion sizes are large and you should have enough to take home for lunch the following day.  Complimentary limoncello is a great way to end the evening.I love this restaurant. The Italian food is so old school.  Nice portions and great service.Great date spot that gets you out of center city.  Authentic, no frills cuisine.  BYOB.  It's not the best meal Italian meal I've eaten in my life, but it was a nice place and it's popular with the South Philly crowd.The food is above par, which should be enough to keep you going back. Unfortunately, the service is terrible. Ordered the crab ravioli from the specials for $22.00, but ended up getting a plate of dough with shrimp on top. The cheese filling was nowhere to be found.  Three ravioli into my dinner, I was told that my dinner was lobster ravioli and not the crab. Instead of profusely apologizing for the mistake, the waiter just flung up his hands in disgust and walked away. He was upset that my plate was for another table. I'm not a complainer, so I finished my mediocre dinner without saying a word. To add insult to injury, when I received my bill, the waiter crossed off the crab special and wrote in lobster, which was now $2.00 more.  Needless to say, I deducted the two bucks off my tip to the waiter. 
The food is above par, which offsets paying the slightly higher prices. However, my family and I have decided that after two trips in, the wait staff is horrible enough to keep us from coming back.Nice location, nice atmosphere, bit I've no idea where all the 5-star reviews came from.
Having grown up on Italian, can safely say that while the food is very good, it is NOT great or excellent, and certainly not exceptional. You likely won't de disappointed, understand; just understand it's not excellent food. The other turn-off was the prices; they're somewhat high for a place of this nature... $19 for linguine and meatballs? $21 for linguine and clam sauce? Sorry, that's simply too much for a place like this.Referred by a friend and what great food it is at this BYOB I had the pollo cacciatore my date had veal parmesan and pasta. Tomato sauce was really great. We had fennel with oil & bread. A fried meatball appetizer made out of three meats. Service was real good as well.Always amazing! Never had a bad meal. .
We bring friends  so we can boast best  italian  food outside of Italy...yeah! Been there too!I came in last night right before their closing hours with two other adults and two little ones. The entire staff was very hospitable and kind. All of the food was amazing. Two apps bruschetta and an artichoke were unbelievable! 
One had the eggplant parmigiana, the special steak filet topped with crab meat, and I had the pollo alla bianco. Everything was exactly on cue and beyond our expectations. Great job to the entire staff at this fine establishment.My wife and I went to meet a work colleague, and her husband, here for dinner. She failed to tell me it was very very casual. Needless to say, my wife and I were a little overdressed. Nevertheless, the food and service was amazing. I had the lobster ravioli, fried meatballs, escargot, and beet salad. It was delicious. I'd have given 5 stars but my wife didn't like her filet, it was a little overcooked. Lol, I told her that's what she gets for ordering a filet in an Italian joint. Otherwise, everything else was great.This place sucks!!! The staff forced me Andy wife out due to a game. They rushed everything our entree came about 5 minutes after we got our appetizers. The team they were cheering lost!!! Lol! I will never go back. Thanks Scannichio for ruining our dinner!!Went last night before Amy Schumer, the service was great but the food was awesome!
My husband had the filet with crab and I had the rack of veal....YUM
Thank you and we'll be back!!My monthly girl's BYO get-together was held here on Wednesday night. This place is small, yet spacious enough to handle several large groups at a time. In fact, we were seated next to a table of 12 or so elderly gentlemen who were clearly having a fabulous time of it.  
Our table of eight started out with a selection of appetizers. We ordered the mussels, stuffed mushrooms, fig and sausage and the grilled romaine salad. I samples the mushrooms and plowed through the fig and sausage appetizer - I almost licked the plate. Portions were large, so once I filled up on the appetizers, I had barely enough room to take a stab at my linguini with clams in a white sauce, but I made a valiant attempt. The dish was good, not the best I've had, but definitely more than serviceable. I also snuck a bite of my friend's baked gnocchi, which was a lovely in its cheesy gooeyness. 
I think I was the only one not to make a considerable dent in my entree. We ordered desserts for the table - two orders of the chocolate peanut butter cake and one of the oreo cheesecake - and all were demolished in short order. 
This place is easy to get to, right on Broad street so accessible from Center City via the subway. My friend and I drove down and we got a kick (as always) out of the oh-so-unique parking rules, or lack thereof, in South Philly. We decided to to join 'em and parked in the middle of Broad Street, but were confused by the cars double-parked on Porter. How does one get one's car out? Really?!?
The bill for the 8 of us divided out to around $40 a person. Not too bad for appetizer, entree and dessert with enough of my entree left-over to cover at least two more meals!
All in all, Scannicchio's is a great South Philly Italian BYO that I wouldn't mind checking out again.I've been to there many times, and of course for several family birthdays.  The food is excellent!!!  I love the Chicken Parm, can not figure out they make it so amazing.
Even for a marathon runner, that dish fills me up.
I know the night before every big race in Philadelphia this establishment is packed solid.
If you are around south philadelphia or want to have a great meal, you must call up and make a reservation.I love this place. Tonight I did take out for the first time (I usually dine in) and it was just as delicious. The staff are friendly and the food is tasty. My boyfriend who hates everything and never compliments anything said he loved his steak. My jaw dropped. That alone should tell you how yummy this place is.