OK experience. Great service that was fast and friendly. Had the 'choose 2' which offered a soup and sandwich for around $10. Dining in also allows you to get self-serve pickles, sauerkraut, and salads. Chose the pastrami on rye with a matzo ball soup. Wasn't exceptional, but wasn't bad either. Matzo ball broth was on-point but felt like the ball was pretty tasteless and underseasoned.They deliver, it's all the real deal and it all tastes like what my mom and my grand mom used to make. I'd the cabbage soup, stuffed cabbage (the meat was a little hard), bow ties and kasha, some chopped liver (was full of schmaltz) and some assorted pickles - it was all very good!  Delivery was fast and the young man was very pleasant. It's one of the last Jewish style Delicatessens in Center City, and it's good!The latkes and applesauce were yummy! A lot of potato and not too much filler. The potato knish had a nice thin crust but the filling itself was kind of salty. The bagels are a travesty. Like stale rolls. I will never get their bagels again. The people working there were friendly. We will have to dine in one of these days for breakfast.I live across the street from Schlesinger's but never tried it until today. I don't understand why this place only averages 3 and 1/2 stars overall. The food is great, especially the pickle bar, which blew my mind -- I love pickles and they have several different kinds, all of which is complementary. I'll be back for sure.Jewish fast food with pickle bar.  Wow, this is the place when you have no time and need to be out in a half hour.  Plus it's key location in the theater area makes it a great choice.  Cabbage soup is enough for two people.  The corned beef is 1 and half inch thick- enough for the big guy.  All kinds if Jewish mom food with a pickle bar with potato and mac salad.  Front case very tempting cookies and cake.  We will be back!Best place for a weekend brunch or breakfast. The corn beef hash is to die for, the sandwiches we've tried are great, and the pickle bar ties the whole experience together. They also have great desserts and deli meats. My gf won't let me go anywhere else...Very good !!!! I had soup and half turkey sandwich combo.i will definitely come back for lunch another time!I was totally appalled today when we were given a hard time at lunch because my father was in a wheelchair. The manager was incredibly rude and actually said that he didn't want to waste a 4-top on only two people even though we live in the neighborhood and are regulars. He made a big deal about "blocking the aisle" when there were empty tables available. Luckily for us, the waitstaff recognized us went out of their way to rearrange a few things to accommodate the wheelchair.  As for the food, it was fine. Nothing to rave about.I would rather pay the extra money for a much better meal at 4th Street Deli on 4th & Bainbridge.  Staff told me that the owner of Schlesinger's deliberately charge slightly lower prices than 4th Street in order to compete with them. UM...4th STREET DELI IS FAR SUPERIOR AND BAR-NONE. GREAT QUALITY IS WORTH EVERY PENNY, SCHLESINGER! Verdict: Schlesinger can't compete at all with 4th St.Terrible breakfast. 3 limp pancakes, fake corn syrup. Overpriced and not good. Server didn't even bother to bring a knife and fork.  Waitstaff chatted gaily with each other, stared at thier phones and ignored customers.Corn beef sandwich came highly recommended from the cashier. 
It was pretty disappointing as it was mostly dry and unfulfilling. Won't be back to try the pastrami.Quality has gone down. The food simply isn't fresh. The onions in my sandwich looked like they were sliced a day ago. The fries were soggy and over-fried. It seemed like they were day-old fries that had been refried. It's sad when a place can't even make decent fries. The matzo ball soup seems to be the only good they they make.When around 1pm for a take out on a Tuesday. The place was very busy (i expected it) but the  girl working behind the counter was very effective and did a great job. I ordered the Hot Pastrami sandwich and it was DELICIOUS! the meat was perfect and packed with flavor. My favorite pastrami sandwich in the city so far!Not kid friendly despite being casual. I really wanted to like this place as a spot to go to as a family. The Reubens and pickle bar were great but the kid's burger was of a poor quality and the service was terribly slow and scattered. Also, avoid the potato pancakes here.Since our first visit, we have been here at least once a week. If anything, go for the comp pickle bar for eat in diners....great mix of pickles, salads, and other pickled veggies....yum! The sandwiches are consistently good, as is the service. A must have is the F7- 2 hot dogs, grilled salami, and melted cheese on a long roll with thick cut fries...I have died and gone to my fatty food heaven. They have a huge selection of desserts but I never have room to try....someday....Great breakfast!  Perfect coffee, amazing home fries (or substitute fruit), excellent bread and eggs, pickle bar open, lean tasty turkey bacon, great nova, bagels, lox.  Clean serene atmosphere.  Amazingly low prices for Central Philly.  We always check put breakfast places on our travels and this is one of the best!We ordered tuna sandwiches and cole slaws. The sandwiches were a little bit greasy and not enough lettuce, tomatoes, and no bagel was offered. At a nice deli I would expect the sandwich to offer a bagel in lieu of plain bread-not done. This was not like any deli I recall eating at-meagor at best. Also, the cole slaw was swimming in grease, and not edible. I told the checkout person this but she said it was mayonnaise based-duh. Obviously it is mayonnaise based, but it did not need to be so greasy. We were very disappointed.First meal in Philly made me a chazer. Really fantastic place that serves an honest-to-god cup of matzo ball soup and (unbelievably!) features an all-you-can-eat pickle bar. The menu is humongous, as it should be. If you don't eat meat, like me, I can recommend the tuna salad sandwich, served on surprisingly fresh rye bread. Also, you can't beat these prices - at least, certainly not back home in New York. Final point: I was surprised to learn that Schlesinger's just opened recently. They have very effectively managed to simulate the appearance and feel of an old-school kosher deli, in the best way possible.I was very excited to came here for breakfast and I was utterly disappointed. I ordered a cheese omelet... The eggs were overlooked and the egg to cheese ratio seemed off (too much egg). I didn't love the hash browns. Thankfully I ordered a side of potato latkes which were hot and tasted delicious. If I return it will be just to eat the latkes.I like pancakes. There just a amazing breakfast food. There tasty and syrup makes it all the better. That's why I went here and was pleasantly surprised. The place was pretty good. I ordered the pancakes (big surprise) and a orange juice. The orange juice tasted very fresh and it had a good amount of pulp in it. Then I got the pancakes they were light and fluffy and had 3 all stacked up on each other. My biggest complaint was the syrup and butter from a package. I absolutely hate when it's like this and not it some sort of bottle because:
A. It's harder to pour
And
B. It is disgusting to have something straight from a plastic box
And she just threw it on the table it wasn't on the side of the plate we just had 10 packets of syrup lying around. They also gave us packets of butter. Get rid of the packets! It's gross and ultimately can ruin anybody's appetite.There's a pickle bar in the back. Salami hangs from the ceiling. I'm in love. They also have a lot of cakes. Love it more. I came for dinner, it was a Saturday night. I had the chopped sirloin with matzo ball soup. Delicious. Service was casual atmosphere, but it's a casual place. Marble tables, wood chairs, they have booths. It's a great jewish deli. Coming back for sure.My review is strictly for the German chocolate cake which is absolutely amazing! It's my birthday tradition that whatever city we are visiting for my birthday, we find a piece of German Chocolate cake--my favorite! Unfortunately this task can be more difficult than you'd think. Lucky for us, we found Schlesinger's and as massive as the slice of cake is, you could probably see it from the window. We literally were able to split the piece and eat it in at least three different sittings since we had to take it to go. We're not light eaters either... The cake was perfect, not too crumbly but not too dense. Icing was as expected, DELICIOUS. I don't know how the other food is, but if it's as good as the cake, then by all means... GO!If you need your fix for great Jewish deli food, this is it. Had bagels and lox with a side of whitefish salad.  Was awesome. Attentive service and strong coffee.  The sandwich selection looked awesome. Went for breakfast, will have to go back for lunch.Had a lunch hankering for some deli food.  Schlesinger's delivered!  Enjoyed the complimentary pickle bar and had the Jules Reuben.  It was typical Reuben, the corned beef was tastey and warmed.  Totally hit the spot.  This was my first time eating here and I plan on adding it to my center city lunch rotation.  Spent about $15.Nice lowkey deli. The fries are great (thick and delicious). I had Nina's Brisket sandwich. It was plain...I'd try something different when I come back. My friend had a burger and it was pretty good.I was here not by choice and was judgemental at first because it is a deli. But I had really good sandwiches and really like the pickle bar. I would definitely return. Overall, good food, price and service.I give this place a solid three stars...not the best Jewish deli, but not the worst. It was a fair price for a bowl of soup and a half sandwich. My kreplach soup was delicious; a tasty dumpling, nice chunks of chicken and vegetables, and the broth was not too salty (Bonus!). My sandwich was nice, but I would have enjoyed it more if it was what I had ordered. Instead of pastrami, I was served corned beef which was tasty and tender. Had I not been so hungry and bit before I looked, I would've asked for a sandwich exchange. My bae Loved (with a capital L!) his Split Pea Soup, and exclaimed quite excitedly that he'd return for that alone!We usually love this deli when we eat in. But we tried takeout and felt let down for the price. We ordered lox and all the fixings on a bagel. We added an egg to one which added 2.95 to the price but somehow the total for two sandwiches ended up being over $30. There were no capers which we specifically mentioned and we also asked to go light on cream cheese on one and there was no difference between the two. 
It's a great place to dine in, but with takeout  providing no sides or coffee, it seemed like a lot of money.Schlesinger's is just okay. I've been for breakfast three or four times, and won't order anything other than the $3.95 special at this point. For two eggs any way, hash browns, toast and a coffee it's certainly a great deal, but the food is definitely not great. And the coffee...it's fairly bad.
I've been with people who have ordered other items off the menu, and felt similarly to me. Nothing offensive, and pretty good service overall, but nothing that brings you back. And with the options in the neighborhood (as in, there are a million), it's tough choosing Schlesinger's.I went to Schlesinger's (formerly the Kibitz Room, now in Cherry Hill) and was concerned the change in name would mean what it usually means: The place not much better than the old. NOT the case here. The staff was terrific and attentive and the food was top notch. Pickle bar also has cole slaw and great potato salad. My overall opinion is it is comparable to Famous 4th Street. Certainly, if you are uptown past Broad street, stop in. Great place!Went here recently for lunch and loved it.  I ordered the corned beef sandwich, he ordered the brisket...  The meats were perfectly tender and delicious.  We loved the pickle bar- the pickled tomatoes were amazing!  I've been craving them since we left.  Another bonus for us was the size of the sandwiches.  These sandwiches are large, but small enough to eat in one sitting (if you have a big appetite).I feel like I have finally found my very own Seinfeld diner!! Life is almost complete, still looking for my HIMYM MacLarens pub. This is a great place for some Jewish food, from the whitefish to the matzo ball soup, latkes, and knishes its all delicious. Prices are average for the amount of food you are receiving. This is not your average diner, more of a Jewish deli. BIG menu and there is something for everyone.
Sandwiches are HUGE, I recommend going for the half sandwich half soup combo. Best of both worlds. Soups are always changing and always fresh. Just stop in for the pickle bar alone!I came here for the second (third?) time yesterday and realized that I need to come more often. I finally ventured back to the pickle bar and have decided that if for no other reason, this is enough to bring me back. All of the options pile in together well while still having their own flavors. 
My order of latkes was delightfully greasy and filling. It came out very quickly and really hit the spot. Our servers were fun and had plenty of personality. Everyone at my table was a happy camper, enjoyed their orders and had plenty to eat. 
I don't eat meat and am squeamish about smoked fish (someone who doesn't want lox??- totally shameful I know!) so this place doesn't offer me a lot of options. I think I will just have to load up on the amazing desserts to make up for it. Doesn't sound too bad now that I think of it....Everything is awesome. Especially whitefish salad on a toasted poppyseed bagelWas not impressed with the portions or style of preparation my sandwich was poorly put together in a wet and sloppy manner!!!!!Just go.  I can't adequately describe the deliciousness of everything they offer. The sandwiches are two meals; wrap half for later. The pickle bar - yes, they have a pickle bar. Pastries galore that are enough for four.  Go, just go!My wife and I live close by and went over to get some dessert to go. The cake and cookies were very good. The service is the reason for two stars. The woman behind counter last night was purposely slow when there was no one in the store. What should have taken 2 minutes took over 10 for no apparent reason. It was a very odd situation and we will not be going back.great jewish sandwiches. if you sit in there is an all you can eat pickle bar with pickles, mac salad and potato salad. The servers are very nice and it's always easy to get a table.Best deli in town.  Everything was a touch or more above the other delis in town. The matzo ball soup was just like my grandmothers except the matzo balls themselves were really well seasoned. The kasha and bow ties were special. Really flavorful.  The fried matzo was excellent as well.The food is pretty decent but I just can't get over the horrible service here :/ If people have a problem being warm and welcoming, or even courteous at all, then the restaurant industry probably isn't for them. Came in at 8:40 last night for a takeout order (they close at 9). As we walked up to the door we could already see their faces drop and them roll their eyes. No "welcome", "what would you like?" "good evening", anything :/ I've never felt so rushed and unwelcome in an establishment before. While I was attempting to place my order a phone call came in and the redheaded pregnant waitress (didn't catch her name) answered and was so rude to the caller who was clearly also wanting to come in for a quick late night bite. After she hung up on them she and another employee made fun of the caller and mocked them for being "stupid" in front of me and my party. So unprofessional and a very intimidating atmosphere!It's easy to be the best in your category if there's nobody else in your category.  That's kind of where Schlesinger's finds itself in the Rittenhouse Square neighborhood.  There just aren't any Jewish delis in center city anymore. There's Lattimer Deli, but it is so filthy looking that you don't even want to walk in the place. There are a few good delis in the suburbs, like Ben & Irv's, but in Center City the pickings are slim. So if you are in the mood for a gigantic corned beef sandwich or delicious pickled tomatoes, this is THE place. And they do it pretty well. The pickle bar is great. Everything from green to super sour to spicy to cabbage. And when it comes to the corned beef special, get over the guilt and enjoy!  It isn't Ben's Kosher in New York, but it definitely satisfies the occasional deli-lust.Service was good and the selection is huge. The corned beef sandwiches are smaller than I'm used to, and I'm not sure if that's just a NY thing. The kasha and bowties was just decent. The cold slaw was way too full of mayo. The Reuben was delicious. The pickle bar is something different, and enjoyable. Overall I would go back, and their lunch hit the spot.unfortunately, i wasn't told about the pickle bar however the meal was delicious. I had the salami omelette with home fries and toast everything was perfect. my lunch companion had the reuben which i had to try and they was out of this world. the corned beef, the slaw, was all perfect! i'm looking forward to going back!Great little deli with great prices. I highly recommend the thanksgiving open sandwich or the chocolate chip pancakes. Both were AMAZING. The eggs & corned beef and blintzes were only okay though. They have a fantastic pickle bar though!While I can't speak for the corned beef or pastrami sandwiches here, the albacore tuna salad is superb.  On toasted rye with lettuce and a pickle on the side....nothing takes me back to growing up in Queens like that sandwich. 
Atmosphere is okay, kind of lifeless and the staff is so so, but you could be in purgatory and still enjoy that albacore tuna salad sandwich.Been coming here pretty often for the last few months solely for their breakfast sandwiches which I am a huge fan of. There are not too many places around me that I can stroll into any time of the day and get a delicious made on the grill fresh egg and cheese bagel or toast sandwich with veggies and pretty much anything I want mixed in. So good! Customer service and pick up time is no nonsense no issues. Easy, good, weekend, post-call, whatever time, need that hearty breakfast good food. 
Ps - recently tried their chocolate chip pancakes - SO good. Ignored my running like crazy and diet plan and ate the totally filled with chocolate pancakes up.Stopped in for some chicken noodle soup a couple of times when I was fighting off a recent cold--it was exactly what I wanted/needed!  Delicious, very fast, and the price is right--fought off my cold, too!  Really good rugelach, too...Schlesinger's is a big step up from the previous restaurant that was in this space--if you haven't checked it out yet I suggest you do.I got takeout from here a few times, both times I got the Arlene Reuben (Pastrami, Swiss Cheese, Sauerkraut, Russian Dressing on Rye). It's huge and really good. The pastrami is less fatty than I've had elsewhere.
Though I've deducted one star because I tried to buy all these ingredients from here to make my own at home, and it ran me over $40. I could get the same ingredients from Reading Terminal for half that.I love Schlesingers and stop in whenever I'm in Philadelphia. The service is ALWAYS phenomenol and the food is great. The sandwich and desert portions are so large it borders on ridiculous and the bagels are perfection.
Saturday and Sundays are very busy, but they keep up. Prepare to wait a few minutes. Weekdays - usually immediate seating.I live very close to Schlesinger's and have only been there to eat in and to take out a few times. 
I have to admit I'm a big fan of Jewish Delis and the food they serve. 
Unfortunately I continue to be UNDERwhelmed every time I buy from Schlesinger's. Not only is the food mediocre but the service is below averageEvery so often, I walk around Center City blindly looking for a new place to eat lunch. I wish I would've done my research on this place. I was in the mood for a grilled chicken sandwich that didn't come from your everyday fast food chain. While walking down Locust Ave, I spotted Schlesinger's. I've walked by on numerous ocassions, but never really bothered to check out the menu. I figured, this place looks like they know how to make a good sandwich. I was wrong. 
Now, while the atmosphere had a really good down to Earth lunch time feel to it, I wasn't impressed with the sandwich. The chicken was too dry. I see other Yelpers have given this place four or more stars. If I find myself back here again, maybe I'll try something else. For now, this place sits on my "Probably Won't Return" list.I love this place! Sometimes they get your order wrong but great staple for us who live across the street. BEST MATZO BALL SOUP AND BLACK AND WHITE COOKIES!Went for brunch today about 930 am. Got crowded within 30min. Server was OK. Seated is and took drink order but we did not get and coffee refills. No water refills. She was slow and did not seem like she knew we were there. Food took about 20 min. Slow for breakfast. Mine was cool. Not hot. Weak. It was  open and we were not impressed.I ate dinner here the other day, I had a delicious burger and fries with my friend.  The burger was juicy, tasty and delicious, the fries were great too.  The waitress, cashiers and cooks were very friendly and I had a great time.  I will go back with friends or family.Wow, what a disappointment. I came in for a quick lunch after having a mostly positive experience for breakfast a few weeks ago. I ordered a half-Ceaser salad, half pastrami sandwich. Initially, I was served turkey (which looked pretty disgusting, I must say), and the waitress was very nice and fixed my order. The salad was soggy and did not taste fresh at all. The sandwich was stuffed with the fattiest pastrami meat I have ever eaten, and had lettuce that was browning on the edges thrown on it. After a very unsatisfying meal, I was out 10 bucks. For a place that claims to be a classic Jewish deli, they completely failed to deliver.Popped in for a mid-morning snack that included La Columbe coffee and a bacon, egg, and cheese bagel. Although the service was excellent, the bagel was a tad dry. I'll give this place another go-around on a weekday, as they have a pretty cheap breakfast special (a little over $3 for eggs and whatnot). Oh and I'll also check out the pickle bar, which I didn't even know existed! That alone would probably boost my rating to a 5-star!Cool pickle bar, giant slices of cake, oddly shaped (as noted in another review) but perfectly satisfactory potato pancakes, bland dineresque grilled cheese. There's root beer but no milkshakes. The menu's heavy on the meat and low on the vegetables, but I realize that vegetarians and Jewish delis are kinda like grandparents and smartphones: sure, it can work, but we're not exactly the target audience. Anyway, it's cheap, service is fine, everything about this place is basically fine.I am a huge fan of diners..a connoisseur, really. Unfortunately this place is just not good. Sure they have a free pickle bar- and who doesn't love a good pickle, am I right? However, that does not make up for sub par sandwiches. I ordered a tuna melt and what I got was two bland spoonfuls of tuna on seedless rye (really I ask you...what is the point of seedless rye bread??) My husband's reuben was slightly better, but I was kind of expecting for a $10 sandwich you would get a side of fries or coleslaw or something! 
Bottom Line: Will not be back.A complete disappointment from the minute we walked in the door. Poor service and even worse food. I've been here many times and love the matzo ball soup and sandwiches. I ordered both and the soup was cold and the pastrami was sliced thin like cold cuts not thick and delicious like a traditional deli. The bread was soggy soaked is mustard. Probably because it took 45 to get out take out order then another 10 mins because they forgot our fries and had to through that on. Zero sense of urgency from staff and we saw people walk in after us and get their food first. My order didn't get a pickle so my husband shared his but it was rotten. 
Horrible service, sub par food, no reason to ever go back. Stick to Hershel's and Famous.I like this place and hubby says their whitefish is wonderful, might be better then his father's homemade.  Prices are reasonable.  Picklebar is well-stocked and eliminates the need to order fries or other sides with your meal.  Desserts look amazing.Awful Service, and prices do not accurately reflect the true price. The person taking orders had an attitude, and when I ordered a matzo ball soup and potato pancakes, the total came up to $20 despite what the menu reflected. When I questioned the prices, the lady told me the prices reflected on the menu were actually dinner prices, which is what I was getting take out for. The mazo ball soup had zero flavor, and the potato pancakes were extremely greasy. You are better off going to the 4th street deli on 19th street. The Prices are less, and the quality of food is 100 Times better.UGH
what a disappointment. Came in for brunch and was sorely bummed out.  The server was CLUELESS and the temperature in the restaurant was FREEZING.  Our food arrived almost 45 minutes after ordering and three items had to be sent back.  The matzo ball soup and corned beef hash was COLD - not even remotely warm.  When asked at the register how our meal was my husband responded with an "Eh" and that was that... Needless to say we will not be returning anytime soon...A very old world style deli with all the typical deli fare, including great looking prepared items, meats, cold cuts, baked goods, and marinated specialities, oh and not to forget pickles!  Not fancy, but basic and clean, lots of display counters
We came for breakfast and I had one of my all time favorite deli breakfasts, bagel and lox with all the accompanying stuff- onion, tomato, lettuce, cucumber, cream cheese and all.  And the best part was a wide selectio nof fish for the bagel, not just lox.  I had white fish and it was delicious. Coffee was fresh and well brewed, with endless cups served.
If this place was around the corner I'd be a perpetual patron,  Loved it and hope that places like this never go away.Took my colleagues here for a business breakfast and it was perfect! The room is comfy, menu is simple enough to make a quick decision and the staff was very friendly! I really enjoyed my breakfast, it came quickly and we weren't rushed out. I really enjoyed this location and will definitely return! Especially since I did not get a chance to sample the baked goods!Schlesinger's for breakfast is much like Schlesinger's the rest of the time: not great, not bad, just fine.
I ordered one of their "specials": two scrambled eggs with turkey sausage, homefries and toast, only slightly annoyed that the printed menu price was higher than that on the sign outside the deli ($7.25 instead of $5.95, or something like that -- they need to change the outside signs).
Everything was good: multigrain toast was available, and the homefries were firm and tasty, not the sort of undercooked mush we frequently get in New York. The turkey sausages were savory, but there were only two -- and they're the skinny "Breakfast-sausage" type, not the fat sausages you can sometimes get. (There really should have been three of them.)  The eggs were good; that may seem like a given, but I've in fact had mediocre scrambled eggs elsewhere!
I didn't like the coffee at first, but it grew on me. Perhaps I was just getting used to it, or perhaps my second cup came from a freshly brewed pot (and the first didn't).
I've never had a bad meal at Schlesinger's -- it's one of my "go-to"s when I'm attending events on South Broad (and when my hotel is elsewhere) -- but neither have I ever had a memorable one.Came here on a Monday and it wasn't too crowded. I got the western omelet, which came with home fries and a choice of bread or bagel, which I personally loved you didn't have to pay extra for a bagel over bread! 
Omelet was perfectly cooked, home fries were perfectly crispy, but soft on the inside which is just how I like them. They were, however, a little over seasoned for my taste. Service was excellent - prompt and kind. I would like to come back to try some of the lunch options I saw on the menu.Awesome place for breakfast, better than pretty much any of the diners I've tried in town recently. Can't go wrong with any of the omelettes. The potato latkes, and other "Jewish Deli" style dishes are also good. I'm sure other things on their menu are worth having as well, but that's all I've gotten around to trying so far.I really enjoy the $4 breakfast special with eggs, toast, potatoes, and coffee. The service is like everything else, nothing special, but totally adequate. It's close to my work so I'll be back.There's a major void in Philly for an awesome lunch spot. Schlesinger's fills that void. WOO HOO!
Huge portions, and you'll pay for it - but don't worry... if you don't have leftovers, you might want to consider cutting back a little ;)
The main things that keeps me coming back? QUALITY. FRESHNESS.
Lettuce that crunches in my mouth, tomatoes that are bursting with flavor, PEPPERS (yes, the often neglected veggie of most other shops serving up the ubiquitous thing called a salad), onions... and of course the meaty accoutrements are fantastic as well.
Schlesinger's brings it back to the basics, and rocks it out. Don't forget about the FREE pickle bar (aside from the pickles, the mac salad is also tremendous).
I haven't had the desserts, but they look phenomenal. 
Bottom line - if it's lunch time, and you're not already on your way then leave now.I have been waiting to try this place for months since I walk by it nearly every day. You won't find a bigger fan of delicious deli sandwiches then this guy so Schlesingers seemed right up my alley. I'm a huge sucker for any meat with cole slaw and russian dressing so I tried both the Mr. Schlesinger's Special (corned beef) and The Parc Rittenhouse Special (hot pastrami). Although both were extremely fresh, neither really blew me away as I had hoped for the $10 price tag. They definitely do not skimp on the meat, but I could have used more of the toppings. The sides of potato salad and macaroni salad kind of were just there, nothing special at all. I took my order to go so maybe next time I need to get eat in and get it as it comes out, that way I can take advantage of this pickle bar everyone seems to rave about. 
Be warned, I picked up on a Saturday early afternoon and I don't think I could have eaten there if I wanted to. The place was a mob scene overflowing onto Locust street.Dropped in for take-out a couple of times. The second time I asked for less meat (instead of their normal pound of dry meat and dry bread) on my turkey sandwich. The guy at the register (possibly owner?) actually refused to make the sandwich with less meat, and added a bit of unnecessary rudeness in his refusal. I said thanks, I'll get my sandwich elsewhere. Even with a "normal" proportion of deli meat on the sandwich, it's not all that good anyway.Eggs, kosher sausage, and rye toast is the breakfast of Champions. At Shlesingers it's called The Harvey, but by any name it is delicious! Aside from Little Pete's this is one of the best breakfast places in the neighborhood that's neither pretentious nor overpriced! 
And to be expected this Jewish Deli makes a darn good Rueben if you're looking for a lunch or dinner time fix! Corned Beef, Turkey, or Pastrami - they're all delicious with a generous portion of meat!
The complimentary pickle bar is kind of a big dill! If you are a pickle lover with like me you will relish it! Okay I'm done with pickle puns! 
Schlesinger's is always a hit with my family! I can't wait to go back!Always a good time and the window seats are great for people watching.  Food wise, I spent my Summers in Brooklyn growing up and Schlesinger's can rival most.  Friendly staff and a wonderfully crisp hamantaschen round out the meal.Needed a quick bite before an Academy of Music show. Had a fantastic dinner here last night that made me homesick for the deli I used to eat in growing up. Fallon, our waitress, was a sweetheart. This place is a hidden gem!If you think you are going to get a sandwich at Schlesinger's, similar to a sandwich you would get at Katz deli in NYC, forgetaboutit.  The only similarity is the price. What a disappointment.  .We normally love this place.  Great deli.  The pickle bar is unreal.  But, we walked in at 8:10 pm on a Friday evening.  We were promptly told that they were not seating and it was take out.  But they close at 9 PM.  The staff behind the counter was cleaning and person at the register was texting and the wait staff was standing around talking.
If you are not going to seat folks 50 minutes before closing, you need to post it otherwise we would not have walked in at all.  We specifically came by because it was not closing for another 50 minutes.  All we wanted was a bowl of soup and maybe a cookie.  30 minutes in and out... tops.
In the process, you lost a sale and future sales until you figure out what your staff is doing in the evening.  Or figure out how to communicate hours of seating to your customers.Friendliest most competent service making it our ideal place to enjoy a dinner before walking 'round the corner to sit for a lovely concert.                  Counter and waitstaff are always kind and help us if we arrive late so that a fab meal appears before you can bite one of those pickles from the amazing self-service salads/condiments bar or take the first slurp of coffee. The Pastrami Sandwich is a consistent work of art, so satisfying that I just don't wanna try anything else although I admire all the platters served to table surrounding me. Great atmosphere. Wonderful meeting place, too. I've never been "hustled" to leave prematurely when conducting a meeting there. And, when I'm on my own personal time, I always find that I'm relaxed 'cause the service is so friendly and fast.For $10, we received a delicious spinach and feta cheese omelette (called "Melissa's omelette"), an everything bagel + cream cheese and butter, and a side of fruit. We intended to share the omelette so I was pleased that the portion was split and we were served it in separate plates. The bagel was tasty and fresh, and the amount of cream cheese was more than enough (I hate when you're given those small tubs of Philadelphia cream cheese---it wasn't like that here, where you get plenty of it). Their home fries are diced potatoes rather than hash browns. However, we didn't walk away feeling full--it was just a small meal to hold us over until lunch.
The service was nothing to boast about and nothing to complain about. There is plenty of seating inside and a few booths by the window to people-watch from. We waited a little while for the waitress to come by and pick up the credit card, but it seemed that we were to pay at the counter, which I guess is common in such diners but we weren't told this when we received the check.Came here recently on a Sunday morning with some friends from out of town.  Diners seem hard to come by in Philly, so I figured that this would be a good alternative.  Waited about 20 min for a table for 4 which was no big deal. 
We got here at noon, so I opted for the whitefish salad on a bagel.  Ive had this at some Jewish deli's in NYC, but unfortunately there was no comparison.  Too much mayo, and not enough fish.  
My friend had the breakfast corned beef hash which sounded amazing on paper, but we weren't a huge fan of that either.  
On a brighter note, I managed to snag a bite of the Arlene Ruben with pastrami that another friend of mine had ordered.  Real good.  Next time ill stick with the lunch meats.  The pickle bar is pretty sweet too, so be sure to check that out. 
Ive also been here previously and can vouch highly for 1500 Locust Wrap.  Grilled chicken, romaine, feta, onion, and greek dressing on a wheat wrap.Five stars for carry out deli food! Scrumptious, simply scrumptious! All the Ruebens are meaty and flavorful,.. not a bad choice on the menu, though if they are just average in any category it'd be with the Salads. The desserts are HUGE! One piece of German Chocolate Cake was big enough for 4 servings, no exaggeration!  It was all good and fun!