Luke warm place. While my brisket sandwich was ok, it wasn't great. They just need to step up their game. Food was on the cold side, biscuit fell apart, pickles were weak, and the no homemade hot sauce on the tables, just crystal. I wanna see this place do well, and I think they can, but they've got to raise their bar.First impressions:
Cute place. Decor is simple and clean, music is good, and the person behind the counter was friendly. Check.
Placing an order:
Not offering chicken on a biscuit for breakfast is blasphemy. Charging $7 for a bacon, egg, and cheese biscuit? That thing better be damn good. 
Post order:
15 min wait while they made sure the eggs were hot. The presentation is cute. I like the paper plate, tray, and the crystal hot sauce on the table. 
The biscuit:
The most important part of this experience. As a self declared biscuit connoisseur I take this very seriously. The flavor of the biscuit itself was excellent. It was too dry, but I can excuse that with the flavor it packed. The execution was poor. In the south when you order a biscuit with any topping other than gravy, you can pick it up and eat it with your hand. That is the point. This was an ordeal. Stop over thinking it. Simplify. Go to Sunshine Biscuit Barn with this and they'll laugh at you. I'm torn because I want this place to succeed and bring biscuits to more people, but I also want people to have a traditional southern biscuit experience.Not often downtown Philly at lunchtime but found this place the other day. I remembered reading about Scratch in the paper awhile back so decided to give it a try. 
I opted for the fried chicken biscuit with the cabbage slaw and a cup of coffee. My meal came with a bunch of freshly made chips as well. Looked great and tasted great too.  The biscuit was flavorful and a little crumbly. The chicken had a good flavor as well,  though maybe a larger piece would work a little better. The slaw was outstanding and what fell off the sandwich, I ate with my fork!
There appeared to be a variety of store combinations as well as "make your own" options.  I would imagine this place is awesome for breakfast.  Looking forward to my next time downtown Philly at breakfast or lunch time.I came here because of all the hype that had been circulating about southern biscuits in center city. People acted like these biscuits were going to heal my body and save my life. 
But let me tell you: these biscuits are NASTY. They taste worst than Pillsbury its really a shame. I had the Brisket Biscuit. It was stringy, a little cold, and gross. I wanted to order a Fried Chicken Biscuit, but they were all out. I tried to get the Pulled Pork Biscuit, surprise! there were none!  I wanted a side, but they were all out of sides. I stood there like "what do you even have here!!!!"
So, I paid 9$ for a crappy biscuit with sub-par toppings. Apparently, the joke was on me.Can I have my $10 and 4,321 calories back, please?
The first thing I asked the staff was if their brisket was fatty or lean. "Oh, we cut off all the fat for you," they said.
They lied. There was more fat on my scratch biscuit than meat. The brisket had little flavor, and the horseradish mayo had zero bite. 
Shame, because the decor is pretty cute and it's a fun concept. Pass.We eat homemade biscuits at home all the time - they are one of our favorite things - so we were looking forward to having a great biscuit sandwich at Scratch Biscuits a couple of weeks after it opened.
We were sadly disappointed.
My bacon-egg-and-cheese biscuit was pretty much inedible. The biscuit was so crumbly that it fell apart before I could even take the first bite. The place cooks their scrambled eggs ahead in bulk in a pan (it says "baked eggs") and cuts them into squares. Those eggs were so salty that I nearly choked. The bacon was cooked very soft, no where near crunchy, so it felt as if I were eating nearly raw bacon. The "American cheese" that the menu listed for this sandwich was actually a white sauce (mostly flour and milk) with a little American cheese in it.
Hubs (who grew up in North Carolina) ordered a fried chicken sandwich. He had the same problem with his biscuit being crumbly. He did say the fried chicken was very good, but he disliked the slaw on the sandwich.
We decided there are too many really good places in this great food city for us to waste our money in visiting Scratch Biscuits again.Oh, oh god.  I have no idea how this establishment is still in business.  I waited 15 minutes for a pre-prepared block of egg being kept warm in a tin container, a really hard gluten free biscuit that fell apart the minute I tried to pick it up (and not in a 'fresh out of the oven' way), a very underripe 'heirloom' tomato, and it was $11.95.  
Do not try eating eating anything on the menu as an actual sandwich -- it's impossible.  My friend got a regular biscuit (as in, not gluten free) and hers was a mealy, fall apart mess as well.  Neither one of us could manage to finish the pile of shit on our plates.
Please, I implore you -- do not spend money on food here for any reason.This place for sure deserves better than the 2.5 stars it currently has. Something like 3.5 stars, but Yelp doesn't allow half star ratings, so I'm giving it 3 ("A-OK") because I can't quite say "Yay! I'm a fan" (4 stars).
I had the Fried Chicken Picnic Biscuit Sandwich. The flavor was good, with a pleasant heat from the cayenne ranch dressing. The biscuit was moist with a tangy butteryness. The chicken was tender and juicy and tasted like chicken, which is more than I can say for a lot of chicken at this price point.
Unfortunately, the biscuit lacked the crisp exterior I remember from growing up in Texas (with family from Alabama), and perhaps relatedly, the sandwich completely fell apart on my first bite. The fried exterior of the chicken likewise lacked textural definition. Overall, I'd say the sandwich was good but not great.
And that's the problem: there are enough very good to great cheap eats in Philly that there's no reason to come back here. Granted, I don't know of a better place to get biscuits in the city, but if you're like me, you'll prefer to wait for the "real thing" rather than settle for this near miss. Here's hoping this place gets the chance to figure things out though because it's a good concept and done right it'd be a great addition to the city's food scene. 
P.S. I haven't taken advantage of this, but from 11 pm to 1 am on Fridays and Saturdays they sell $5 fried chicken, pimento cheese, and pickle biscuit sandwiches in the alley out back. Even if the texture is unimproved, at that price that sounds like some pretty darn good drunk food.I'm sad to leave a review like this but this place was pretty disappointing. I walked in super hungry during a shopping spree in the area and was excited at the prospect of biscuits. There was one particular one with pickles - which I also love!
I received my biscuit sandwich quickly as I was the only person there at around 11 am. However, somehow it was still cold despite supposedly being freshly made. Additionally it was so dry. Like I could barely get a bite down (ever try a saltine challenge? Kinda like that.). I took out the pickles, ate them, and left the majority of my sandwich.
I had high hopes for this place so maybe I'll give it another try if coerced by someone and maybe it was just an off day but my first experience there was NOT a pleasant one.Absolutely delicious! Walked by and went in on a whim, and loved the experience. I got the 5 Buck Cluck, which is actually only $5 on Fridays and Saturdays, but for $8.50 I didn't mind the clever name that wasn't necessarily applicable on a Saturday morning.
The sandwich was fantastic: great, crumbly, light biscuit with lightly fried, juicy chicken, fantastic smoky and creamy pimiento cheese, and what I assume to be house made, thin pickles that added just the right amount of acidity and crunch. It's like the chick fil a breakfast biscuit sandwich but everything is better and covered in smoky pimiento cheese. 
Also the decor is really great, and everyone was really friendly. The owner was telling my boyfriend and I that their wall was painted by muralists, which shows in its unique, colorful details. They also have a card that gets you a free biscuit after 12, so I've got another great reason to go back!This probably would have been delicious served in the restaurant--take out makes it a bit difficult because the biscuit has more time to soak up the juice from the meat. Still pretty good, though. The brisket was good and quite tender, and the biscuit was moist (and gigantic). It's a perfectly serviceable and tasty sandwich, even after delivery. The thing that would have made the sandwich a 4-star are the toppings. To compete with the brisket and biscuit, pickled onions need to stand on their own. The pickling was barely discernible, and the sauce was mild as well. Give me more crunch and more bold flavors, and I'd be happier.When I heard that a biscuit place was coming to Philly, I was sooooo excited, considering how much I love a great biscuit!  Today I was in the office and my friend/co-worker and I ditched our normal breakfast faves and walked the five blocks to scratch.  (Yes, we saw the previous bad reviews, but we figured there were some haters in the atmosphere, b/c how can you mess up a biscuit)?!? 
Well, now we see why there are so many sub-par yelp reviews.  1) we found it very odd that there was no AM chicken biscuit option! Wait, what? You are marketing yourself as a taste of the "south" so much so that there's a sign that reads "I'm fixing' to" on the wall, yet you don't have a chicken and biscuit breakfast option?!?! 
2) no jelly / jam options other than "peach preserves" ... I get it "Georgia peach" ...
Cute!  BUT, if you don't hurry up and add some Grape and strawberry jam to the mix, please & thank you! 
3) orange juice - ok I get it, when places get away with serving fresh squeezed orange juice and charging you $5 for it!  Initially my thought is always "wth?" But then I take a sip of juicy/pulpy $5 orange juice and consider the price tag worth it!  I was hoping for the same experience here, but the orange juice in the cup left me feeling that there was an empty Evergreen bottle or those orange juice cartons from grade school in the back, as it's contents had been poured into my $5 cup.  No pulp? No real orange juice flavor? Tasted like 100% from concentrate - whatever that means!
With all of this I was still hopeful that the actual biscuit sandwich would be good, dare I say great!  Sadly, I took a bite and couldn't stomach the rest ... I ordered the sandwich with the sausage / cheddar / onion etc, but asked for just cheddar and sausage as the onion and other ingredient seemed like a bit much for breakfast.  Unfortunately the sausage had the shape / size of a hamburger slider and the cheddar looked like some sort of soft cheese (cross between cheese wiz and nacho cheese dip) ... Again,
Not what I want to see on my breakfast sandwich!  I took an ever so slight bite of the sausage and broke off a few bits of the biscuit that weren't covered in that cheese sauce before I had to face reality - this $14 breakfast (sandwich and oj) just wasn't for me!
There were other issues - including I ordered a peach preserve on the side and it didn't make it in my order (In hindsight - maybe I was supposed to get that from the refrigerated section, who knows?). 
Despite the low rating, I hope that this place gets over it's identity crisis - decides to be the true southern broad that she was born to be, despite her 215 location!  Ditch all the extras - (no one wants onions in the morning ) and add a darn chicken biscuit and regular jam (strawberry and grape) to the menu! If and when these changes happen, I will be back and will be willing to throw some more stars Scratches way (look at my other reviews - I'm generally very generous)!!I just went basic for my first try, biscuits and the salted molasses butter. Good biscuit, flaky but not falling apart, but huge. Did not expect such a big biscuit. Like the salt/sweet of the molasses butter also.
Best part, completely accessible by wheelchair or mobility scooter.Wow, I really wanted to like this place but some drawbacks took it down a few stars. First --no coffees ready when I came in the morning. That's a service issue. Second, The biscuit I ordered was not heated through. They make breakfast sandwich like McDonald's--Piling pre-cooked egg and meat on biscuit & then heated up. The cheese was not even melted. Disappointing. Chips on the side were stale. Finally, the bacon was a cut of fat, with very little meat. The biscuit was dry-but tasty. All in all, the biscuit experience was OK but the entire visit went stale on me  so to speakI first had a Scratch biscuit at a food truck event at Frankford and Girard. I had the Brisket Biscuit and it was wonderful. Full of flavor and sooo good.  I have been in the store on Chestnut at least two other occassions and I was dissappointed each time. The Brisket Biscuit I ordered today was pretty bad. The Brisket was dry without even a hint of any sauce. It was not prepared anything like the first time i tried it, and the  biscuit itself was dry and stiff. Thtee times and u r out.I stumbled on this place this afternoon and went back for dinner. I ordered the fried chicken biscuit with corn relish and coleslaw. It was excellent. I will definitely be going back.This review is not an attempt to malign and damage this business. It is honest feedback that I hope the owner will use to improve the product. 
I live for comfort food. But the taste, experience, and calories must be worth it. I ventured into Scratch Biscuits one cold morning looking for something good and tasty. Unfortunately, the food did not live up to expectations. The biscuit was fresh, but tasteless. It also fell apart as I held it. But, sandwich bread isn't supposed to fall apart; its purpose is to help hold the ingredients together.
I like the idea of this restaurant. But its core product misses the mark. Hopefully, this establishment will get a new biscuit recipe which will then have  me coming back for more.OMG loved! Ate the entire pigscuit! Amazing pulled pork! My friend had the brisket biscuit. Big pieces of very tender brisket. The biscuits melted in your mouth. Also had the sweet potato fries. Amazing! Can't wait to go back!I've tried Scratch a handful of times and thought their biscuits were getting much better until today. I got the plain jane and the biscuit was so salty (and strange looking... had a smooth top that made it look like a bun) that it was barely edible.  My coworker threw hers out even. I really want Scratch to be awesome but they're so inconsistent. And at their prices, it just isn't worth the gamble after this point.Overall, delicious food and would recommend a try. The Johnny Paycheck was a delicious bite of nostalgia with the classic egg and white American cheese combo. The biscuit held together well. The hushpuppies are crisp, light, and slightly sweet balls of goodness. But it was't perfect. There were only two people working a Saturday morning, and the wait to get the food was long - over 20 minutes. And the sandwich is very filling; I only ate half and still felt stuffed for hours afterwards.The chicken sandwich I just had for lunch was really, really good.  They've got the biscuit consistency, the chicken tenderness, vegetable toppings and sauce just right.  And one sandwich was a full meal.  They could have been a little friendlier, but the fantastic chicken sandwich far outweighed their seriousness.I agree with other reviewers who remarked that if "biscuits" is in your name--if that is your signature item--then your biscuits should be good, at the very least. Ok, so $8 for a biscuit sandwich is a little pricey, but this Center City. That would almost be reasonable if these were good biscuits. They aren't. First, they are served cold. I could see a whole pan of them just sitting out in the back. Who knows when they came out of the oven? Second, the taste is totally blah, unremarkable, tepid, completely devoid of actual flavor. Third, the consistency is terrible, especially for a biscuit one is using as a sandwich. Biscuits should be flaky, slightly chewy but also crumbly on the outside and soft inside. These biscuits have no consistency. They fall apart upon the slightest touch. They are completely ephemeral and unsturdy and cannot support the items sandwiched inside. The devolve into a mass of crumbs in your little red basket at first bite. You need a spoon to eat them after that, but why would you bother? They suck. Want a good biscuit? Go to Cracker Barrel, or Popeye's or KFC, or Dunkin' Donuts at 4pm when all they have left is stale broken pieces in the bottom of the bin. That biscuit is better than these "scratch" biscuits. But, the place is decorated really well! They obviously out a lot of effort into that! Just don't eat there if you don't want to be disappointed.First time trying them. Ordered on GrubHub. Arrived quickly. I did the Make Your Own for $8.50.
Chicken, sauce on a biscuit with homemade chips and juice. Great!After my beloved chickfila on market street closed, i have been looking for something close by to fill the chicken biscuit-sized hole in my heart. When I stumbled upon this place one day I thought I had found it! Customizable chicken biscuits? Is this too good to be true? The answer is yes. Although they do have a lot of options, the quality of the ingredients leaves much to be desired. The biscuits themselves also just don't taste that good and fall apart when trying to eat them. However, the chicken itself was pretty good so at least the meal wasn't a total disaster. I have not tried anything else, so I cannot attest to the other various menu items. In the end, this place has a lot of potential but just isn't quite there yet.I saw that this place had opened and I wanted to stop by for a late lunch, so today I got the fried chicken biscuit, and my expectations were very high. But when I got my biscuit, it seemed a bit dry and broke apart on me. The chicken seemed to be fried at least 2 hours ago because it was a bit dry and soggy. The price was a bit high for the portion, but I'll come back to try the yam fries, the deep fryer was broken when I stopped by. :(I wanted to like this place so badly. I read the poor yelp reviews but still convinced myself that there was no way it could be this bad. But it was. The food had been sitting out for so long and looked unappetizing. The biscuits were definitely freezer burnt. I don't even know what the tots were made of, but don't get them. All in all, a horrible experience on what should be a wonderful and simple concept.There are a few things I love more than biscuits and that's football and BBQ. I came across this place while walking back to the car and decided to check it out without any prior knowledge. The menu is creative and fun, so I ended up buying the breakfast sandwich with scrapple, eggs and gravy as well as the brisket biscuit. The gravy on the breakfast sandwich makes the biscuit, it was creamy and full of flavor. The brisket on the biscuit was a little dry but I did like the horse radish and pickled onions. What I didn't like was that the biscuits fell apart easily, but that's about it. Oh, the mint sweet tea was pretty damn good, too.I was so excited to hear of this place opening so close to my office.  I was a little worried thinking I might spend too much time here negating all my hours at the gym.  However, after today I'm pretty sure that is not going to happen.  Went today for the first time and have to say I'm not in love as much as I wanted to be.  My beef brisket was ok at best.  The biscuit was probably the best thing about the sandwich.  Also tried the biscuit tots and am still trying to figure out what exactly they are supposed to taste like...one thing is for sure they didn't taste good AT ALL.  Had to get a cookie from Insomnia to get the weird taste out of my mouth.  
They get three stars for the good service and orange soda.My one experience was OK. 
I suppose I should stop back and try more things.  I liked the menu somewhat.   The coffee was very good.  The atmosphere was a bit fast food-like.  However, to be fair, I suppose that's necessary for the fast paced business district crowd it relies on.
I'll try again eventually.I love the menu and the food tasted good, plus the employees were super great. My biggest issue is that the food came out kind of lukewarm.  I understand that in order to serve people quickly, they're not going to begin baking a biscuit to order, but the overall experience would benefit from a better way of keeping the food warm. My side of chips was also cold and too chewy, not crispy.  I'll definitely be returning, hopefully a few times, but if my hot meal is cold every single time, I'll probably move along.Went here for lunch today. Got there at noon and there was only a couple of patrons, so I was happy because it meant less time waiting! They have a lunch special where for $8.95 you get any sandwich, yam fries and a fountain soda. I got the chicken sandwich, forget the name. The biscuit was maybe a little dry for my taste, but it was just crunchy enough on the outside and look chewy on the inside. The chicken was perfectly cooked, crispy on the outside and juicy inside. It came with a corn relish and slaw or something like that. Whatever it came with, it was delicious! The biscuit breaks apart so I opened it up and are it wth a knife and fork that was provided. If you eat in, younger free refills on the soda. The girl at the counter was super friendly and gave great customer service, offering to keep the box of biscuits I ordered to go to stay warm while I ate. I forgot her name but thanks for the great service! The meal filled me, and I'm a big guy! I'll definitely be back here to try something else.I really wanted to like this place. I was on my lunch break and happened to walk by and went in.  I got there around 12:30 and right after I did the line for very long. The menu sounded so delicious and I was excited to try something new. I got a the "pigscuit biscuit," which comes with pulled pork, coleslaw and a cheese sauce. I subbed in the pork for country ham. It took over 10 minutes to get it and honestly for the price you pay the sandwich was just too small. The worst part is that it was cold and the biscuit was to dry it just fell apart. It's a great idea and something different. Scratch Biscuit just did not hit the mark on this.When a place is focused on one item, it should be superb. I found the lukewarm, under salted, dry, crumbling biscuit underwhelming. The filling of eggs and bacon were very good and if it had been served open face with a bit more of the cheese sauce to warm, moisten it, I would have been more satisfied.
The service was slow, with 4 people behind the counter and no one waiting at the counter to be served it took the chef to tell the the crew to come take my order.
A man who came before me had dropped a sauce cup on the floor , none of the staff offered to help him clean it up or replace the cup, nor did they make any moves to clean up what he couldn't with napkins. 
Booooooooooooo!My biscuit was pretty good-better than average for Philly but not quite that biscuit I miss from my life in the Carolinas. I appreciate that biscuits need a dab hand and shouldn't be overworked, but I got a mouthful of not so evenly mixed biscuit at one point. The strawberry preserves was fine but a little runny and certainly not worth the extra $2. $5 for a biscuit was a half container of strawberry preserves was a bit steep. Will I go back? Probably. I love biscuits.Chicken biscuit was awesome!  The chicken was juicy not over cooked like many places do & with just the right amount of cayenne relish & the biscuit was perfectly baked. The side of homemade potato chips were amazing! I wanted more!I arrived for an impromptu lunch. I liked the bright interior and it was clean. There is some limited seating. 
You have your choice of biscuit based sandwiches. They even have a build your own biscuit option. 
So I ordered a The Brisket Biscuit. It had pulled pork with a horseradish sauce, pickled onions and cheese. 
I liked the selection. The pickled onion helped balance the sweetness of the pork. It was fresh and the meat was juicy. I really enjoyed the selection. 
The biscuit probably was a little to cake oriented for me, but it was still good. 
It came with a side of house made potato chips and home made pickles. I really liked the pickles, it reminded me of ones my Grandmother made. 
The potato chips were slightly too spicy for my liking but they were still good. 
I would eat at the location again and recommend it.Scratch Biscuits, you hurt me.  You welcomed me with a big friendly smile and made me so happy to be there.  But then you charged me $6 for a small, hard biscuit.  That's not how friends treat each other.Decided to try this place out since it's directly across the street from my office. The sandwich isn't really a sandwich, you can't eat it without making a big mess. I got a breakfast sandwich for lunch with eggs, bacon, and cheese. The cheese was a sauce and so it got all over the place and I had to eat my sandwich with a fork. Bacon was pretty overdone and dry. Egg is a big,bulky square so even if the cheese wasn't dripping all over the place, you couldn't fit the sandwich in your mouth. I would have been able to deal with all of this if it weren't for the fact I paid almost $9 for it. Overall the quality doesn't meet the price tag.Just had my first visit. This place has some good people and biscuit puns for days. 
The portions are big and the price will reflect it. They're not serving up mcdonalds biscuits you're getting some good stuff. Also a good variety of options, breakfast all day (figures),and even some lunch options. 
I ordered the pa Dutchman which was sausage, grilled onions, apple butter and some sauce which reminds me a little of in and out sauce. Good flaky biscuit, sweet butter,good sandwich. Next time I may try a lunch item or a build your own biscuit (cleverly called byob).
Not sure if you can buy a box of biscuits per say but I look forward to that option should they add it on.REALLY BAD BISCUITS. I tried the fried chicken biscuit with coleslaw and corn salad. I asked for the spicy ranch on the side. It cost about $9. The chicken did not look or taste like fried chicken. It was over cooked, dry and chewy around the edges. Yuk! There was no crunchy crust like I expect to see on fried chicken. The biscuit was sadly tasteless and dry as well. It crumbled to mostly small pieces when I first tried to pick it up leaving me to eat the sandwich with a fork .The Cole slaw and corn did not compliment the biscuit or chicken at all and I ended up trying to separate it from the crumbled biscuit on my plate. 
I am so disappointed- I thought if a restaurant was going to focus on 'homemade biscuits' and southern cooking that it would be really delicious, sadly that is not the case here. 
Overall, an awful and disappointing lunch - worst I've had I a really long time. On the positive, the lady at the counter was very nice and the fountain Diet Coke very good. Bottom line, if you're craving good biscuits go to 'honeys sit n'eat'- the best I've had in philly!Disclaimer: I have never tried any of the sandwiches. That being said the biscuits themselves are really pretty darned good. Found the banana pudding to be decent but more like a banana bread pudding. Not bad but would not rush back and get it again.Scratch Biscuit is a concept I never heard of and according to several Yelpers reviewing this new place, there is probably a reason for that.  My review is however a bit more positive.  I ordered the brisket biscuit and it was huge (portions are not small.)  It could not be eaten as a sandwich after the first couple of bites as the biscuit does crumble so I switched to knife and fork.  It was totally delicious this way.  The ingredients of biscuit, brisket, smoked cheddar, horseradish mayo, and pickled red onions are all top-notch and blended well together.  And you can add tasty homemade Pennsylvania chow chow or cabbage slaw.  The decimated yam fries (with cheese, bacon, chow chow etc.), I'm not totally sure about.  Not only is it prob a coronary overload, I think the yam fries have to def be crisper for the 10 minutes of my life I am losing by eating these.
Let me add that Scratch Biscuit looks nice on the inside.  They have hot sauce on every table which is a plus.  And the personnel are eager to please.  Austin who was working when I was there was very helpful in explaining things as well as helping me pack up my meal when I decided to switch to take-out.  Scratch Biscuit would fall in at about 3.5 stars for me - so I'll round up since it looks like so many other people have rounded down!Wanted to like it because it was near work. The food was pretty tasty but the biscuit disintegrated when you bit into the sandwich. Way too hard to eat. Biscuits shouldn't need to be eaten with a fork.I discovered Scratch Biscuits when they were selling them out of the back of their store as late night food leaving the bars. Such a great idea and my chicken biscuit was amazing! Today I decided To head in for lunch and got myself the brisket biscuit with a side of hush puppies. The hush puppies were really impressive - awesome seasoning and dipping sauce. Brisket was also great.Ugh, I really want to love this place! Bearing in mind that it has just opened, I really want to give them the benefit of the doubt, and I'm hoping that they're just working out some kinks. First off, I LOVE the interior and overall design of the place--so much southern charm. The staff is incredibly nice and the service was quick when I was there around 1 pm on Saturday. 
I was salivating as I looked over the menu and decided to give the PA Dutchman a shot! As most of the reviews have already said, the biscuit was a bit crumbly but not inedible by any means. I did end up eating it with a fork and knife toward the end, but overall I enjoyed the creative mix of flavors. Scratch Biscuits will really benefit from improving their biscuits. This sounds crazy, but even Bojangles (southern fast-food chain) makes a mean biscuit! If Scratch is trying to bring some authentic southern comfort food to Philly, then they REALLY have to work on those biscuits.
Despite a less-than-stellar first impression, I'm still thinking about giving it another chance, and can definitely see myself grabbing a late-night $5 Buck Cluck!I stopped in for a few biscuits on my evening commute home a few weeks ago to serve with dinner that night. They held up well next to a rich bowl of chili and served their purpose.
Fast forward to a few weeks later: I was on the hunt for something to satisfy a comfort food craving when I decided to give their actual menu a try. After going back and forth between a few options I decided on the "fried chicken picnic biscuit" which consisted of a piece of buttermilk fried chicken, cabbage slaw, corn relish, and cayenne between one of their original recipe biscuits. After waiting a solid fifteen minutes or so minutes for my to go order (and watching 3 or 4 people whom had ordered after me get their meals) I finally received mine and headed back to work. 
My excitement fizzled when I took a bite and the entire thing crumbled in my hands, biscuit and all. I might as well have gotten "the innards" because that's the way I ended up eating it. The chicken itself was pretty well prepared and like last time I enjoyed the flavor of the biscuit...but the toppings and overall tiny portion left me feeling unsatisfied and highly unlikely to give Scratch Biscuits another try. 
For a company with such strong branding and overall potential, you really need to put more emphasis on your execution for this to turn from a miss to a hit.Insultingly small portions.
Prices WAY too high for what you get.
Biscuit crumbled apart and did not work as bread for sandwich - almost like they didn't test the recipe before opening. 
Place is cute but gave me no reason to try again.Slightly overpriced, which is expected in center city. The biscuit was way too dry. Basically eating bacon, egg, and a pile of bread crumbs.I think the overall reviews here are probably about right.  Came here looking for a small snack and was surprised by the size of the sandwich.  I was expecting something around the sausage egg biscuit that you might get at McDonalds, but this is a lot bigger than that. 
Ordered the fried chicken picnic biscuit which comes with cabbage slaw, corn relish, and cayenne ranch.  The sandwich was good and the biscuit was flaky. The price is a little steep for a biscuit, but you can sorta justify it with the size of the sandwich.  Comes with a bag of homemade chips as well, which were good.Great biscuits. Make sure to ask for the secret biscuit. It's alligator, fried green tomatoes, chipotle mayo, micro greens. Best thing 13.5 street has going for mid day snacks. Will be coming back for sureCame here during a visit to Philly and who would have thought I'd be in for some down-home Southern cuisine with a flair. My wife and I shared a Carolina Pulled Pork biscuit sandwich, and this was something to behold. The sweet barbecue taste was perfectly balanced by a tartness that I'm guessing was a balsamic vinegar mix? Throw in the richness of the biscuit itself and you have an elevated taste that can only be described as a party in one's mouth.
An important sidenote, as I've noticed people complain about the crumble factor on the biscuit...I liken this experience to the old Carl's Jr commercial motto: "If it doesn't get all over the place, it doesn't belong in your face." Yes to some degree you'll get crumbling but no more than what you'd get on a big juicy messy burger. My suggestion? Enjoy the first couple bites as a traditional sandwich, then have a fork ready to scoop up all the goodness that will undoubtedly spill onto your wax paper plate lining. When I was finished, my platter was totally clean; it was that...damn...good.
Complementing the food was some cool Southern Rockabilly music and a clean decor. Simply put, do yourself a favor and try this place because there's nothing else like it. My only complaint? They aren't any back home in LA!Loved it. I got the bacon egg and cheese on a biscuit and it was so filling and there was a ton of thick cut bacon. The sweet potato fries were good, but a bit too salty. The biscuit pudding was AMAZING. there were flecks of real vanilla in it and it was so light and airy. I just wish they gave me more pudding and less biscuit crumble.Best biscuits this side of the Mason-Dixon line!  If you aren't from the South, these biscuits are something you need to experience.  If you haven't had the pleasure of enjoying real biscuits (I'm talking about something from McDonalds or baked-out-of-a-can), then do know that a good biscuit is flakey and soft, so be prepared to finish up with a fork or spoon.  This place is definitely worth the trip ... especially if you are looking for a quick snack late on a Saturday night!I've been waiting for Scratch to open ever since the foobooz announcement. The actual biscuits are good but every one I received was cold and didn't seem to have been toasted or heated since the initial baking. Another woman dining at the same time complained and asked to get her biscuit heated and the staff seemed ill prepared to do so. All of the menu items seem like great flavor combinations but after trying three different biscuits each one came up short. Besides being cold, the egg and bacon sandwich was completely overpowered by a bad tasting cheese sauce. The eggs were spongey and there was only one piece of bacon. The Benton's ham was delicious but what they are calling pimento cheese is just simply not pimento cheese. It seemed more like a sauce and I couldn't even tell if it was actually cheese based. It totaled smothered the sand which causing everything to fall apart after the first bite. I was looking forward to the pickles but they seem to have not actually been pickled. I am very much hoping that this place can work its kinks out, adjust some of their recipes, and do some research into what pimento cheese actually is. I look forward to coming back in a few months to see if they have made any adjustments!Best menu item: Fried chicken biscuit. 
I grew up in North Carolina. Land of Bojangles, Biscuitville, Daniel Boone Inn, and everything else deliciously southern. So, when Scratch Biscuits came along I had high hopes for a nostalgic taste of home. 
The biscuits are buttery and flakey. As previous reviews have explained they are not meant for to be eaten as a sandwich, but this does not detract from their deliciousness. The ambiance is meh. I feel the owner cold have done better with music and overall first impression. It just feels like something is missing still. 
Hot tip: The best value on the menu is the box of (I think 9) biscuits. Take these with you to a tailgate or a friends house with some of your favorite chicken tenders and honey mustard. BAM!How is it that your specialty is making biscuits yet that's the worst thing on the menu?! I stopped in here for breakfast a week or so ago with high hopes and ended up taking 2 bites and giving up. The biscuit was dry and hard to chew and the sausage that I got inside was cold! HOW SWAY?! Not to mention, it was on the pricey side. I paid about $9 for two bites of disappointment. Save your coins.This place is excellent. The food was so fresh. The service was fantastic. And they serve Rival Bros Coffee! The portions are so generous, you should bring a fork!I was very disappointed in this place.  I ordered the bacon and eggs on a biscuit and the eggs were a perfect square, which made me suspicious if they were real or processed (fake).   The bottom of the biscuit immediately fell apart.   And, even though this seems minor, given other things here, they were out of cream/half and half for the coffee.Scratch biscuits one word "fantastic"!! I ordered the traditional biscuit with chicken slaw and ranch and it was suburb! The chicken was moist and the ranch was a perfect kind of heat!! I highly recommend if your in the city to try..it's a must!We went around 1PM on a Saturday in Center City. There was one other party eating there. That was kind of a red flag to me that something was a little off. Fair warning: I'm from the South.
Here's the thing: the recipes are *great*. I got the chicken biscuit, which had cabbage slaw, corn relish, and a substantial helping of "cayenne ranch". I'm not really partial to ranch dressing on a biscuit, but it's not an awful combination and- you know what?- it's a play on comfort food. I'll take it. For a place that's pitching towards the sneakers-and-tshirts crowd, that's a good angle.
The problem is that those recipes aren't executed correctly. The biscuits are soggy. No, it's not that they're "not supposed to be sandwiches". That comes from not cooling off the biscuits in a well-ventilated area. It comes from the biscuits being made ahead of time and stored somewhere that allows the moisture to break down the crust so that it falls apart.
The buttermilk breading on the chicken doesn't stick. That's gonna come from once-frying skin-off breast filets instead of twice-frying so that you don't get a membrane of batter forming against the surface of the meat.
I have no doubt that the person who invented this recipe knows how to execute it so that the biscuit doesn't break apart when the diner tries to eat it, or so the chicken doesn't slide out of its own breading when it's served. The problem is that nobody else does. 
This is one of those situations where leadership is running what should be a winning fast-food joint into the ground. And it's sad, because I want a place where I can get Southern staples in Philly. Unfortunately, until their quality improves, this ain't it.Great Idea but the portions for a $8.00 breakfast sandwich are really small and unsatisfying.
I had an egg. kale and avocado sandwich and it was pretty flavorless. 
They need to tweak this menu if they are going to survive in this marketBiscuits!  Fried chicken!  Blues music!  Sorry to say, I was let down.  Biscuits were meh and definitely not substantial enough to support a sandwich.  They are served on trays with thin wax paper that tear apart when you are cutting your sandwich.  The pulled pork was super salty.  Couple of things I would change: butcher paper for the trays, more substantial napkins, rethink the biscuit recipe... You have a great space and excellent service!!  Some tweaks are all you need.The food is fresh the flavor palettes to choose from will have u pondering for which u like. Many options all with that down home southern flare in a chic sandwich to fit in ur hand.So spendy! A biscuit w/ tomato and a biscuit w/ avocado would have run $16! The Build-Your-Own-Biscuit option is not recommended for those on a budget. Got "The Alice Waters", basically a veggie-egg biscuit instead for $8.  OK although the Garlicky Kale was less than lukewarm. The biskit was decent but did not put Carolina on my mind.This place is nestled in a busy Chestnut street and is amazing!  The perfect biscuit with any combination of meat/veggie and toppings.  We went for their classic Backyard biscuit for $5. Pimento cheese, pickles on top of fried chicken.  And let me tell you how perfectly cooked the white meat chicken was.  Holy cow (or should I say chicken)!?  They are associated with a catering company and offer late night eats on Fridays and Saturdays from midnight until 2am.  We will be back weekly!!!! Thank you.I was really looking forward to this place opening.  I had lunch there today and what a disappointment.  I ordered a biscuit with fried chicken,  cabbage slaw and horseradish mayo on the side and I also had the banana pudding.  First, they were extremely overpriced. My order along with a bottle of water was over $16 and the biscuits are really small.   I couldn't pick up my sandwich because the biscuit crumbled in my hand, so I had to use a fork. The cabbage slaw was dry and the chicken was tough.  I dipped what I could eat of the chicken in the horseradish mayo and left the dry biscuit.   The pudding was also not good. It had an almost perfume like taste.  I could only eat one bite and just threw that out as well.I LOVE biscuits even though it's just white flour and fat. The only thing I love more is a breakfast biscuit sandwich. These guys manage to deliver a solid sandwich. I've been here a few times always to get take out. The biscuits are very big to begin with so a sandwich is very filling. The one I got today with baked egg bacon and cheese was half the size of my head. It does become a little challenging(messy) to eat so keep that mind. I got this to go ad I don't live far but when I got home the sandwich wasn't hot it was only warm. That is not to say that the sandwich isn't delicious. And honestly I've never stayed to eat so maybe that would make a difference temperature wise. I don't love love the baked egg. I prefer a fried or scrambled egg but the is a personal preference. I think the sandwich would stay hotter if that were offered. 
I think people get put off by the price but honestly I'd rather spend the money and only go here one in a while than go to ratchet Wawa and get the heat lamp sandwich that will have me in the bathroom after an hour. Quality of ingredients matters and at least here I know it has been made fresh. I'll be back the next time I'm feeling like carbing out. I've never gotten a lunch biscuit so I guess that is next on my list.This place has such neat vibe, great location and kind, prompt service. The menu is well designed and has a cool mix of Southern favorites - brisket, pimiento cheese, pickles, etc. The presentation and Scratch branding is fun. But. These are the crumbliest biscuits I've ever had in my life. Maybe that's a preference thing, but if I'm going to order a loaded biscuit sandwich I expect to be able to pick up the sandwich and have the bread hold up to the weight of the filling. I've now had both breakfast and lunch at this place and I'm seriously underwhelmed.Dont bother, the biscuts are dry and crumble. The vegetarian sandwich was inedible. The chicken was dry. The cost of biscuits was outrageous. We paid 8 and 8.50 for two for a total of 17.82 with tax.  Should receive a refund. Did I mention the biscuits were cold, the kale overcooked and the chicken tasteless.  DD biscuit at under $5 is a better purchase.  I wanted to like this place, since I enjoy real homecooked biscuits.  Maybe you need to be intoxicated to enjoy.Overrated.  $9 average sized biscuits. Biscuit fell apart before I even picked it up. $5 for a small order of fries. $16 for an unfulfilling lunch. Save your money people this place is just a fad and will be gone by next year.Amazing fried chicken!!! I had the Alice waters biscuit and shared some of the fried chicken biscuit with a friend and both items were delicious! The fresh squeezed OJ was nice addition to the meal as well. We also tried the peanut butter layered dessert cup and it was a perfect dessert!! Also, the person who took our order and served us was so nice--Great staff overall. Will definitely be coming back here often.Completely enjoyed brunch. The food is delicious and the staff is amazing. There are few restaurants where I felt as welcome as I did today. The owner came out and checked on us. I will be back again!I decided to give Scratch Biscuits a go after word of mouth from from friends. I ordered the Chicken Picnic Biscuit. WOW it was huge not expecting it to be that size! I had a food orgasm just eating the biscuit...it was flaky and buttermilky. The chicken dredge was a little too spicy for me but delicious. The chips were crispy and full of bbq spice...the best chips I ever had. The corn relish was refreshing and a good compliment to the chicken.Cute place, but fell a bit short on their namesake Scratch Biscuits. The biscuit crumbled in my hands, and was dry. It also lacked any taste. Toppings were good, but that biscuit needs to stand up to the filling! Also, the service was not great. I walked in, and the girl at the counter was busy taking selfies in front of the menu board. I stood there a few minutes reading the board before she acknowledged me and asked if I was hungry.  Once I ordered, it was just a couple of minutes before I got my food. When I finished eating, I got up to throw my trash away. Again, no acknowledgement from the staff - busy on her phone again. I was the only person in the place, it was obvious that I was getting ready to leave. Wasn't asked how everything was, have a nice day, nothing.UPDATE:
The owners of Scratch Biscuits have heard the complaints and changed their biscuit recipe. It was certainly better than the biscuit I had the first time I went there, but it was still overall fairly underwhelming. The biscuit actually held together and this time my sandwich came with a side order of mediocre chips.
ORIGINAL REVIEW:
Scratch Biscuits was overpriced and underwhelming. They were out of the Benton's ham at 12:15 pm, and I assure you that it was not because they sold out during an early lunch rush. The place was nearly empty and felt sterile, and not in a way that reassured me that everything was hygienic, but as if the place was designed by someone who specialized in those weird froyo stores**.
I settled for the fried chicken biscuit. The fried chicken biscuit and an orange soda totaled $12.50. The sandwich was a meager portion size considering the price, and I was not willing to spend more on a side that I was already suspecting would be fairly mediocre given the atmosphere. My first inclination was to pick up the biscuit to eat it like a sandwich, but the biscuit crumbled as soon as I touched it. The biscuit tasted OK but it was dry, the cabbage slaw was nearly one hundred percent carrots, which did not necessarily bother me, but just seemed odd, the corn relish was bland, and the ranch dressing was surprisingly undetectable. The chicken was tasty, although for the price of the sandwich, I was expecting a heck of a lot more chicken, and I was pretty disappoint to find that one of my three slices of chicken had a large portion of gristle in it.
I do not recommend anyone waste their time or money going to Scratch Biscuits.
** Turns of this location was formerly a froyo store. The new decorations at Scratch Biscuits are lazy and uninviting.My daughter told me about Scratch. It's a nice place. I'm not a big fan of biscuits so I decided to give them a try. I got the Kentucky Wildcat. It was good but not enough to really rave about. Will I go back? Yes. Will Scratch be a go to place? Probably not.As a lover of biscuits, I was looking forward to giving this place a try. I was unfortunately disappointed with my breakfast biscuit. The egg was square shaped and spongy, looking like it came from a frozen packet. A freshly made egg would have been much more enjoyable. The biscuit itself was tasty, dense but not dry. I do wish it held together more while eating my sandwich.Cute Decor - lousy biscuit - 
Tasted microwaved not at all flakey and yummy 
Maybe with the sandwich stuffings makes this better but some how I doubt it
Sorry to say it was a dissapoontmentDelicious! My "Plain Jane" was everything I wanted a biscuit to be. 
I grabbed a biscuit to go, so I didn't experience the sit-down-and-stay experience, but the woman at the counter was courteous, and like I said, that biscuit was GOOD!Really enjoyed my brisket on a biscuit. Can't wait to go back & try more.