I am so happy that SDB opened up so close to home! They have rotating drafts (obviously since they make their own beer) that offers a great range of styles. On top of the great beer options, they also serve bar snacks which includes fried pickles (which isn't JUST pickles but also pickled radishes that are fried and carrots!) They once had a Vietnamese coffee stout (nitro) which may have been one of my favorite nitro's and coffee stouts I have ever indulged in. I would definitely recommend this to people who are in the area and want something ~new~ to try out!great place, great beer, great environment. never had bad service here. all the bartenders are super friendly, the food is ammmmazing, and it's great that they have vegan options. i definitely go here for the beer though, they always have different options and different sizes starting at 4oz which is great if you're going in to try different things!I come for the beer but stay for the fantastic menu, especially the varied and tasty vegan and vegetarian options. Parking in the neighborhood is tough but the effort is worth it. The great staff know their stuff and are helpful in recommending beers and explaining different styles. I've yet to have a disappointing beer here which is not something I can say about most breweries. Top notch!Sitting between the barrels and enjoying 4oz pours, we were able to sample almost every beer. My favorite of the bunch was the Reinhetsegbot, a sour wine like beer. The waiter was extremely personable and fun to talk to. The atmosphere is very chill and there is a great selection of beers. I love flights and was impressed by their selection.Really nice place with GREAT food and delicious beer! Service isn't always the greatest, but I'm willing to overlook that. Located in the garage heavy section of McKean St, not far from Station or SPTR. I find myself wandering here if Tap Room's bar is full. 
The sliders come in a variety of 3, modest amount of curly fries, and delicious Vegan sausage sandwich are all tasty and worth checking out. The wait has been pretty short, too, and that is a HUGE plus for me.These guys know what they're doing. Excellent complex beers. Solid across the lineup.This place would be better if it wasn't a hipster paradise.  I mean thanks to hipsters for making my home value increase but please...your homeless person look is so tired.  Beer is good, food is good...albeit overpriced.  I'm more inclined to stick with the Taproom.
Finally, I was and still am put off by the bar's response to my Untapped review of one of their beers.  Essentially it said "you don't know what you're talking about" regarding to a beer I found less than desirable.  Oh, okay.  Defensive much?  Truthfully, I'm probably not their target demographic since I lack tattoos and don't worship at the altar of Bernie but Saul Goodman!New fave neighborhood hang. Awesome beers and that buff chicken melt is uhhhhh-maaaaaayyyy-zing. Get after it!I've heard lots of good things about this place and was excited to try it!  A group of us went on a Friday night for happy hour and it was already pretty crowded so we sat in the back room.  The beer and bar snax were pretty good except for the vegan pork rinds, which had a weirdly strong lime flavor.  Unfortunately the service we had was terrible.  After our food came out we asked for waters and then didn't see our waiter for about half an hour.  When he did reappear he'd forgotten about our waters, but we were ready to go by then so we asked for the check.  
We paid and then left. It wasn't until we split the check later that we noticed he had significantly overcharged our party.  When we contacted them about rectifying the bill, they didn't even have the courtesy to respond.My only complaint about my trip to second district brewing is that I didn't do it sooner. After 3 weeks of procrastinating, I took the plunge and walked 5 minutes down the street to South Philly's newest brewery. 
Every beer I tried was excellent and the food was better than I could have ever expected. As a vegetarian, it can be difficult to find good choices at a brewery; NOT an issue at 2nd district. I ordered the vegan sausage and was floored. The dish was delicious and the Meta Shepard stout was the perfect compliment. 
I apologize, but I could not help but take a few bites before snapping a pic for you lovely yelp followers; this should be a testament to the food and not my lack of self control. 
Final suggestion: stop reading this review and try it out for your damn self. It won't disappoint.Checked this spot out with a few friends Saturday night. Tried 3 beers and they were all great. The lazerface was my favorite. We also ordered the fried pickles to snack on, very tasty. Dim lit which I love and good music playing. Staff was attentive . Great Saturday night. So happy this spot is in my neighborhood. I will definitely be back.The atmosphere is nice even though it's not in a popular area of South Philly. It wasn't too loud so you can have a conversation without yelling. In the summer, all the bar doors stay open so it feels like you're outdoors. The beer selection was relatively limited but there were some interesting options. I tried the Vietnamese Coffee Stout and it was great. There wasn't much of a crowd even though it was a Friday night, but I think it depends on the time of year.bancroft ale and a meat stick are all i need in life. the crudite platter is also fresh and well portioned. wish the deviled eggs came with more but they are also rich and delicious. variable size glasses are good for tasting all the beers. highly recommend, especially when the windows are open on a nice day.Second District is among a family of restaurants, cafes and breweries in the West Passyunk area, of which I am a part of and after 1 visit I can say I'm proud and thrilled that this place exists. 
Granted, some of the success of their early opening weekend was due to seasonably warm Mid February weather but I'm happy to say that SD backed up their customer windfall with excellent bar food and some of the best beers I've ever had. 
I tried the Huy (Vietnamese Coffee stout) and the Friends and Family (a vanilla barley wine. ) and both were delicious and potent. The Huy was one of the smoothest beers I've ever quaffed albeit a bit sweet. Definitely a beer I'd prefer post meal. The F&F was also tasty and at 9%abv it packs a whollop. 
We tried each of their sliders ; Beef, Pork Bahn Mi and black bean. I'm not a fan of black bean in general but the other 2 were home runs and The accompanying curly fries are a unique option. 
Other beers and menu items look promising (I have it on good authority to try the corn dogs next time) and I'm looking forward to returning soon.
Overall a great addition to the neighborhood and Philly in general.Great new brewery. Do a tasting flight you won't regret. Great spot in nicer weather as the garage doors open up. The kitchen is located at one end of the bar and is "open".  Menu is kind of limited with only one vegetarian option. Friendly bartenders and servers. We tried the spicy house-made beef jerky which was great and the deviled eggs which are flavored with balsamic vinegar. I did not enjoy the taste at all and I usually love deviled eggs. Will definite return.We sampled some beers and vegetarian choices. 
Wings were good. Pierogies tasty. Vegan rinds nice. 
Salad tasty.  Curly fries good. 
Worth a second visit. Beers very pleasant but not amazing.If I could eat Thai chili wings every day, I would. They're amazing, just like most of the other food I've tried here. There's always a good vibe here, and the open doors are especially great. I like the beer, there's a nice variety to chose from and I'm typically satisfied with what I try. Service is always good and did I mention I like the Thai chili wings?Back room/open garage was perfect on a warm Sunday afternoon for our big group, which included a baby. They have some really interesting beers, with a small pour option so you can taste many. Cocktails, food, and service were all good too. If I lived closer, I would be a regular.Lovely trying the new beers on rotation here and love hanging out during the summer when they open the old garage doors. They have vegan  rinds (vegan pork rinds), but, truth be told, they taste a little too much like air. I would recommend the crudite plate and charcuterie board. Overall, nice place to meet up with friends or sit at the bar to taste what is new on tap. Side note: they have wine on tap for those gluten free or total wino.Came in on a Saturday night to get a few beers and only a few beers. A friend persuaded me to try the food, so I obliged. We opted for the buffalo cauliflower and the veggie plate. They have a lot of vegan options, so be mindful of that! I shall separate my review into 2 parts, and you'll see why:
1. The food: The food here was outstanding. The buffalo cauliflower comes out and you're like "wait a minute, where is the sauce" but don't be fooled. These breaded and deep fried things that look like the chef forgot the most important part, the sauce, will surprise you when you take your first bite. The sauce is on the inside! Now, I know what you're thinking...that they'll be dry...but they aren't! Oh and that vegan ranch, man. It's a must order, for sure. 
I also ordered the veggie and hummus plate which comes in 2 sizes, a $5 small or a $10 large. It comes with a roasted chickpea hummus (vegan) and a french onion dip (NOT vegan). However, the amount of veggies (and only veggies, no bread thank god) on this thing was amazing! And it wasn't your standard carrots, cucumbers, and a few peppers. This thing was loaded with broccoli, parsnips, radishes, celery, carrots, cucumbers, AND peppers! Trust me, it's amazing. 
2. The beer: Not good. Their "IPA's" are light in color, not hoppy at all, and just aren't very good, which s a shame for a brewery. I ended up switching to wine after having a pretty gross "IPA" and tasting my friend's drinks. While they are clever in their flavors (the one I got was apparently flavored with Big League Chew), they just weren't very good. I like a nice, strong and hoppy IPA and their beers all seemed on the sour side. 
I won't not be back...I just don't think I'll go out of my way to go there.Waiting too long for a beer when the bar was not that busy. 6 people behind the bar and we wait for 25 minutes for a drink. Weird because it doesn't take that long to pour a beer.
Bartenders chatting, doing basically nothing while we were waiting, I tried to get the attention of one of the bartenders, he saw me and decide to dry glasses instead, and yes, was a bartender not a bar back.. 5 people left without having a drink during a not busy day. Definitely not coming back.
oh, wait! two stars for a cool looking bar!Decent brews, cool set-up, great for drinks. Fries are delicious (ketchup was sooooo good) but the beer BBQ pulled pork mac n cheese not so much. Flavorless. My friend had better luck with the burger. Was a good Sunday funday time. Would definitely go back - but the food needs some work.We were really excited to try brews from this small brewery in South Philly! Unfortunately, we never got to.
Arrived on a Friday night and they didn't seem busy, just a few patrons at the bar, which was refreshing (nearby The Station was packed to the brim). We ordered curly fries and two draughts. The curly fries came out quick, and were hot and amazing. The beers... Where were they? The bartender whom we ordered from was chatting with a patron for a good 20 minutes after we ordered, and still no beers, long after we finished our fries.
We cancelled our drinks and left, disappointed. Maybe their taps weren't working? Maybe the kegs were kicked? I wish I knew.Using SPTR, and Sardine Bar, both of which I have deep affection for, and are owned by one of the two parties involved, as paradigms, I found Second District to be lackluster at best. I was first troubled by the absence of an IPA above 4.5%? Perhaps the keg had just kicked, but this fact left me crestfallen.
Speaking of disillusionment, the inability to "taste" a beer before purchasing it, left me indignant. Who knows, maybe my waitress was showing off her inner capitalist, but she refused to honor my request. Instead, she suggested that I pay $3 for a 4 oz pour. She seemed to fail to comprehend that if one doesn't like a beer, one certainly doesn't wish to have 4 oz of it, much less waste $3. If she had been prescient, she would have realized that such an action would irritate the Marxist, and thus make me wish to patronize some other capitalist's establishment. A venue where the bartender will proffer a taste, and get two or three beers out of me, instead of a begrudging one.
As far as the food is concerned, it was okay. Sardine bar's food is fantastic, and, seeing as the same chef is running both kitchens, this left me scratching my head, whilst pulling the crumbs from my immense beard. Second District is still nascent, let us hope for an evolution.
With that said, I will return, but unless things change, I'll stick with Sardine Bar and SPTR, comrades...Incredible service and beer! The atmosphere was very chilled. My absolute favorite beer was the Conxuro!This is a worth a visit for the neighborhood vibe and house-brewed beers, but the kitchen is still a work in progress. The apps were fine, especially the deviled eggs and Buffalo-style fried cauliflower. But the sandwiches failed to deliver. It's hard to justify paying $13 for a bland burger on a dried out roll that was served with frozen, curly fries, when there are so many better options out there.The space is huge and the bar extends for what seems like forever. There are 3 sizes of beers you can get - 4oz, 10oz and 16 oz. They also have some draft wine. Beers are good and definitely unique (the Huy tastes like a car bomb, if that's your thing). We tried some pork rinds for a snack and they surely hit the spot.
It rained while we were there and the ceiling leaked above our table and near the bar. The staff was kind about it and we just moved to another area of the bar. Service was a bit on the slow side, but they were rather busy. Being a new business, I'm sure there are still a few unknown kinks to work out. 
Can't wait to go back once it gets warmer!Great takes on typical and eclectic bar food (shoutout Czerw's pierogies) + awesome beer.Loved it once I came. Beer bar with food. They have great tasting beers that they brew right there in their South Philly home. We had mac and cheese which was delicious with sriracha &&a the buffalo wing boneless bites which were also tasty. One beer got me feeling great, so I can't wait to get back there! Great new addition to the area (sorta out of place) lol.I've been looking forward to Second District opening since I first heard about it and they did not let me down. The beer was delicious! The space looks great! I love the multi colored wood behind the bar and the vintage mirrors. The bar is huge and we didn't have any trouble finding seats on a relatively busy Sunday afternoon. I knocked off one star as we had to wait quite a while for food, we just ordered crudite and it took about 15 minutes to arrive, it was worth the wait however as the house made ricotta dipping sauce was fantastic. 
I would highly recommend this as a fun place to hang with friends and have some beers. The tea IPA and the Entwife were particularly tasty. We ordered a sample of everything and all the beer was well done. Can't wait to go back! Especially in the warmer months when they can open the huge garage doors.this place was an excellent find!!  All the beers were delicious.  Even the ones that i wouldn't normally ordered.  No flights, but a bunch of 4oz pours, which was fine.  Food was good too!!  Try the meat stix.  the hot wasn't bad and quite enjoyable.  IPA popcorn.... really good.  just air popped and a little sweet.  next was the local italian sausage.  fresh bun, big sausage and the right amount of mustard.  
Parking was tough, but we found a spot a few streets down.  The server was attentive and answered questions, but wasn't annoying.  Everyone seemed really friendly.  i liked the vibe and the fact they made liquor drinks if you're not that into beer.  it also sounded like the beers rotate, so expect to maybe not find what you had last time.  the bar had hooks for your purse and it was comfortable.  don't expect to find a highchair, but i'm guessing not a lot of people like to take their kid to a bar.Really good! I got the vegan Italian sausage sandwich. The onions & peppers on top were sort of smoky and sweet. I get grossed out if they're too slimy, but these were really good. We also got the vegan pork rinds. Those were a little salty for my taste, but I imagine they'd hit the spot for someone. They mostly serve beer (obviously), but they also have a red and a white wine available that are both locally made. The staff are notably attentive and friendly.If you're looking for a spot to sit at a bar and sample some beers, this is the place for you. They have a rotating selection of about 8 beers and you can get them in 4 oz or 10 oz portions. They also have growlers. 
The food options are limited and the plates are small.
The service left a bit to be desired...our bartender disappeared and it took a solid 15 minutes to get someone else to close out my tab. 
Overall, it's a fine place to rest your legs and have some libations.Went for a few little bites and brews. Very satisfying. Our starters included the pretzel, which came with spicy mustard and warm, gooey gouda cheese dip, the warm goat cheese with olives and split grain crackers (to die for), and pierogis with BBQy onions. All so delectable. The beer wasn't bad, too ;)
Would definitely come back for a more substantial meal (or the nibbles again).Loved the atmosphere, and the food was great! We were blown away by the service, especially with our group of 8 people walking in without calling ahead on a Saturday night. Tried the buffalo cauliflower and the hushpuppies. Highly recommend!Cool, dark interior and great brews! There's food too, although it's a bit pricey - the sliders were good. I like that they sell small pours, which allows you to sample across their beer list.Cool space, good beer. The buffalo cauliflower was pretty good. Curly fries were tasty, especially dipped in the dressing for the cauliflower.Literally broke my tooth on the vegan ribwich sandwich, it was that hard. Our server forgot our order after taking it, and had to come back to ask us again. Food took a really long time to come out, and once it did, it was underwhelming. 
Cute spot, but not sure we'd go back for food.Super stoked to have Second District here to help put this side of South Philly on the map, so to speak. A terrific addition to this West Passyunk neighborhood that gets much less recognition than its east side counterpart. Perhaps with places like this popping up, that will change...
First of all, the space is awesome! It's a converted garage and they have left the doors there for opening open up in warmer weather! They also kept the original exposed brick and beams, and an old faded sign. They've added a variety of unique vintage mirrors and sconces to the bar area and it's completely candlelit at night. It was perfectly romantic for our first visit on a rainy night date! There's also a back room for spreading out a bit more room with vats and such. I totally loved the vibes!
While they don't offer tasting flights, they do offer three sizes of pours. We opted for 4oz of 5 of their brews... Friends & Family, AlterNative, SuberOwl, Bancroft and A Series Of Grand Gestures. All were delicious and unique! 
Bancroft, while we hear is a fan favorite, was our least favorite. If I had to choose one, it would definitely be the AlterNative, a lighter ale brewed with lemon and thyme while hubs enjoyed the SuberOwl which is fermented with foraged saison yeast best. 
I really admire the fact that they partner up with local breweries such as Foster & Main and Lost Abbey/Port Brewing. I love seeing that! 
SD offers a small variety of bar snacks and their veg friendly options were definitely a plus for me! We tried the vegan pork rinds and while I have no idea what they were made out of, they were tasty! Salty and light. We also shared the curly fries which were crispy and fried to perfection. The smoked ketchup which accompanies them was fantastic!! Do NOT miss a dip in this ketchup! We also had our eye on the sliders which come three to an order but you must get one of each variety or three of one kind. They do offer a black bean one as an animal friendly option. Next time for sure. 
If you find yourself here and in the mood for a sweet treat, they will serve you their HUY brew, a Vietnamese coffee stout served with with a donut and spoon. Neat! 
Our bartender Alex was attentive and friendly. Bites and brews were served in a very timely manor. 
We look forward to many more visits here. Welcome to the neighborhood! 
*Parking isn't the easiest, but not impossible. Uber, by foot, even bike may be best. They just installed bike racks. 
**As of this time there was was no contact information, but they do have social media accounts. Their Insta is interesting!Really cool place, great bar food and decent beer. My fiancé and I came here in a Friday night. The bar was full so we grabbed a hightop table in front of the bar. The decor is very rustic and hipster. Although it's a brewery, the bar menu offers wine and cocktails. The food menu had several appetizers and sandwiches. We ordered the pirogies, curly fries and buffalo cauliflower.  I ordered the New Perspective on Life double rye IPA. It was ok but after two, I was over it. 
The star of the experience was the food. The buffalo cauliflower was the best I've ever had. It was breaded and the buffalo sauce was beneath the breading, which I've never seen before. The pirogies were delicious. They were served with delicious caramelized onions on top. Even the sour cream was phenomenal. The curly fries were as good as they get. The server was nice and attentive. We really enjoyed our experience. I look forward to returning.Hipster city. The food options are small but they were decent. The crowd is a gentrified hipster nightmare.Kurt and co know what they're doing and they do it well. Cool decor and music. Most importantly, good beer and good service.4.5 Stars
This is quickly turning into a favorite brew pub of mine in all of North America. The place looks great and I love being there in the summer when the large garage doors open up. If I built my own brew pub, it would look and feel just like this place.  
The 4.5 is not a specific review of the beer alone (that's what Untapped is for) but I will say these guys do a great job brewing across the spectrum of beer styles. The have far more hits vs. misses - a rarity among the many new small breweries popping up across North America. I read that the owner / brewer have histories at Nodding Head, Tired Hands and Dogfish Head so not an accident they know what there doing.
I've tried many of the smaller snack dishes. My favs are the Buffalo Cauliflower, Popcorn, Pierogies and Pub Board. Yet to the try the larger plates but they look good as they move through the pub. I like the different size options for the beers (3 options I believe). Staff were always friendly on multiple visits. If it was closer to Old City where I live, this would be my go-to place.
If you enjoy good craft beer you need to get to Second District Brewing right now. The food and atmosphere up the experience further.   
Highly Recommended
BKAmazing ambience! Open air garage door opening with a long bar and cozy scenery. Beer was very tasty and the sliders were delicious!What a new hidden gem to find! Great beer and food in a tucked-away-in-a-neighborhood nook with a great vibe! The Buffalo cauliflower was delicious--just enough heat with tender cauliflower coated with perfect breading. The clam strips were wonderful as were the pierogis. The only complaint is the female bartender who lacked personality and seemed like we were keeping her from doing what she really wanted to do--which was not waiting on customers.Relaxing place to hangout, drink, watch a game.
Quieter neighborhood and chiller clientele than other breweries like Crime and Punishment, Evil Genius, and the one in Ardmore. I'm blanking on it's name and I don't have internet.
Nice original beers. Every beer has been good.  Nice bartenders.
Food is arguably even better. Nice vegetarian selections. All food's good there.I got the cheesesteak and beer.  If you want a second date have your first date at Second district  brew.  Not a traditional pizza shop cheesesteak  But excellent in it's own category!!Decided to check this place after work with a few of my co workers. Love the atmosphere and vibe here. Our bartender was a cute friendly girl with faded green hair. She was nice and attentive to us and split our bills into 4. She even split the chefs board into 4 separate checks for us. Thanks a lot!!!! Most places would not do that. One of my co workers ordered curly fries and it took a while to come out and she gave it to her free of charge. thanks!The chef board is huge and delicious and worth the $18. Definitely will be back with my co workers when we clock out!I'd love to give this place five stars, the food was great, including lots of vegan options. The draft beer list was pretty extensive, with a lot of local options.
The only issue was the seats, which were not good for someone with a bad back. My wife found them to be very uncomfortable and had to keep changing positions. Bar stools were the only option, nothing with backs.Good beer, good food (pierogis are insanely good, just needs more than 4 for $9, c'mon yo), cool atmosphere. Get rid of the cat. 
Have more things on the menu. 
One more thing...
Get rid of the cat.I threw a surprise party for a friend this past weekend and setting up the event was so easy! And the service was wonderful. I highly recommend this place :)I visited the brewery with a few friends on a Monday evening. The bar had a few others around, but it was definitely empty that you could get immediate service. I had their Huy, which is a Vietnamese coffee stout.  It was a good beer, but definitely sweet!  Think of your standard stout having a baby with a Starbucks frappachino! 
The food menu looked pretty good, but a little pricier than your standard dive bar. We ordered some curly fries, which turned out to be a pretty large order and was served with some type of barbecue-ketchup madness.  I would go back just for the fries haha.This place is helping to make South Philly a better place! Second District makes use of large garage doors for open air seating and a large building for brewing on site! Every beer on tap is inventive and tasty, the food is basic but feels artisanal, and the atmosphere is always friendly and welcoming. Can't wait to get back to see what new beers these guys have thought up!One of the nicest little Hangouts in South Philly. Beer is good but honestly aesthetically the place is great, It's got a good feel to it.Attended a birthday celebration there last night.  Food was delicious and staff was wonderful. They took great care of us. Would highly recommend!!!The vegan wings and the pirogies are phenomenal. I can't wait to eat meatless Monday there!Solid brews, good food. Great neighborhood hang.Great little brewery with a great menu and open early compared to other breweries (11am).  Only 8-10 beers on tap but a good selection of different types.  Very friendly local place off the beaten path.This place has quickly become my neighborhood dinner spot. It's within walking distance of my house and we've been looking for a close-by place that isn't purely takeout. We searched yelp and found SDB and have been hooked. 
We first found this place looking for delivery but just reading the menu it seemed like a place we had to try. 
The layout is a bit tough and we were still a bit cramped with 3 people our first time there since all the tables are high tops and small. The bar area seems a better place to eat at but isn't great for more than 2 people. 
Now the food, every, single, thing we've tried has been amazing. In the two times I've been there I've tried almost all of the appetizers and shareable bites. Everything we've ordered has come out hot and delicious. 
The burger has a secret maple bacon-y spread on it that I was surprised but fell for hard. The vegan options and cheesesteak are great and loaded with anything you could think of. 
Of course the beer selection is great for the beer enthusiasts but for someone that isn't a huge IPA or stout fan it's hard to find a beer that my personal palate likes. 
Other than that this is a must try place.The Cuban sandwich was amazing! As was the "Huy" beer. There was something really special going on with the ketchup for the fries too...it was amazing. I don't get to Philly very often, but will make sure this place is on my favorites list!This was my first time here. The ambiance of this place is super cool. There are not any happy hour/drink specials, which I found disappointing. The average price of a beer is $6. The food sounds delicious and unique, respectfully. I didn't try it, but am excited to do so. This is definitely worth a visit, if ya live in south Philly.Great brewery with an amazing selection of vegetarian and vegan friendly bar food. Loved the buffalo and barbecue wings the most. 
If you have room for dessert after ordering almost every small plate on the menu (since everything's delicious) get the beeramisu--a tiramisu with beer-soaked lady fingers.This place is an awesome place to come when the weather is nice - they open the garage doors and you can sit semi outside. I called ahead and asked if they were dog friendly- we were able to sit in one of those outdoor seats and bring our pup. The beers were delicious, the food was also pretty good, and the service was awesome. We ended up back 24 hours later.Some of the best beers I've had, especially from a new brewery. The Barleywine was an unexpectedly delicious surprise. A must-try!Always have the best beers on tap and food is awesome. The chicken sandwich is juicy and amazing (They used to have it buffalo style, but I just order it with their buffalo sauce and it's just as good). I'm not vegan, but I enjoy their vegan options for myself and my vegan friends - the buffalo cauliflower is so yummy. The pierogis and mini corn dogs (!!) are also reallyyy good. Did I mention the beers? Always have a good IPA or two on tap and fun beer names. So far my favorite has been the Zen HeadbuttMaybe it's the fact I'm not from around here. Maybe it's because I asked if they made their own beers. Maybe I just look like a asshole. I showed up here hoping I would meet some cool people and have a cool experience. I travel the world for a living and normally feel welcome everywhere! Nope felt like I didn't belong from the gate. I'm nominally the guy that everyone talks to for whatever reason so this  really throws me for a loop. I wish them the best of luck but if your not local I would suggest staying away!I really went back and forth on the scoring for this review. On one hand, I really appreciate the effort for Second District is putting forth. I am always all for opening more breweries, especially in south Philly. On the other hand, when I went here with a few friends, the overwhelming feeling was just "Meh". None of the beers stood out. I was really, really excited to taste the "Huy" beer (a Vietnamese Coffee Stout) and it just fell flat (taste wise). Similarly, the other beers were "ok", but like said before, just didn't stand out. Each person in my group felt the same way as well. We got a couple of food dishes as well (Boneless wings with sauce on the side, Pulled pork sandwich, fried pickles, and pretzel bites). Was pleasantly surprised about the quantity of boneless wings. The sauce was fine, but  again, did not stand out. The other food items, felt "fine" as well. I really appreciate the effort, but I feel like they need to do something else to set themselves apart, especially with all the breweries popping up. There are better options, but I might give it another shot after some time.Great little find a few weeks ago. Beers were almost all well above average. New Perspective DIPA was phenomenal. Bancroft Pale Ale was great. Huy coffee stout was very good (perhaps a little too sweet but I'm nit-picking). Couple other good IPAs too. Service is friendly, never seemed to wait for more beers long. Slight negatives are it's a "hipster paradise" which I'm getting a little too old for and the parking is pretty abysmal, in a pretty crowded area of Philly, but I'm a suburb guy who's just not used to it probably. If you're a beer geek, definitely check them out. I will be back.Went for a beer recently with friends.  This place has good decor and the one side has several garage type doors that open which is great on nice days.  I like that there are 3 size options for beers.  I didn't eat, but the food looked good so I plan on going back to try it!Stopped in for a quick couple of beers and had some appetizers while we were out running errands. Interesting and very foodie menu that was fantastic. Nitro pour was delicious. If you're in the area, it's a win for a stop in.Ambiance wise they have a nice set up here.  Lots of reclaimed wood, vintage mirrors and signage surround you.  Small side kitchen.  On-street parking was found not too far away and there seemed to be a whole lot of auto repair joints in the area.
Beer wise the offering was average, multiple styles were offered which was nice and everything from the taps to the glassware was clean.
The service for being a bit dead at lunch time was underwhelming. The bartender pretty much ignored me, kept to her phone and when her girlfriends arrived she found her conversation voice.  I had an empty glass and was never asked if I wanted another beer.  I got more of a move on vibe from the bartender, so I did.  I felt very unwelcomed.
The cook served me up dry, over cooked wings with old white carrots and curly fries.  The curly fries were actually good, the side sauces for the wings were Franks Red Hot and what looked like Bullseye BBQ.
Overall the value wasn't there and in this neck of the woods there are better options.  I hope as this young brewery grows they improve.  I will return to give them a second chance.Stopped in while in town for a conference. Lovely beer selection with some real funky brews available. Both the pretzels and fried pickles were great, and the service was quick/friendly. It definitely feels like a place for locals to hangout, and many of the other patrons seemed to know each other.God in heaven the pork rinds.  Amen pork rinds.  AMEN!  God fed baby Jesus these pork rinds. Snap crack and pop pop pop these pork rind rinds!!!I work in the Navy Yard and I have eaten here and had some beers here twice.  The food is really well done and the New Doreenie's Milkshake IPA is the bomb.  Cool old tunes on the old style jutbox.  
In the nicer months they open up the garage doors on Bancroft and when theres a nice breeze coming in it makes the place even nicer to hang out at!  Hoping the Milkshake sticks around for a while.  Looking forward to my next visit!Found this spot after looking at the menu on PVW site which listed them as being one of the places that offered the prix fix vegan dishes - which happened to be the last day for that. We went around 1:30pm. There were a couple other patrons there as well. I asked the seemingly bored to death bartender if they were still doing it, she said it didn't start until 5. However, no where on the menu or the site stated that. And I wasn't waiting until 5. We ended up staying here bc we didn't have much time nor did we want to go drive around and have the hassle of parking again. We tried to get a beermosa, but was told they ran out of OJ and she couldn't make that. There were no apologies or anything else offered. Just a lethargic "oh well" type of expression. Her entire face seemed to say "blahhhh". We got two beers that they still had in stock which were good. 
We ordered the pierogies, artichoke tacos, and the vegan bbq plate. The tacos were very good. Loved the tempura artichokes that resembled a crispy fish taco. The pierogis were good too with carmelized onions on top and served with some kind dip which was also good. The vegan plate was just a vegan bbq seitan sandwich on a somewhat stale bun and fries and a pickle. Everything needed salt, which I had to ask for. I thought the bbq plate would have had more. The seitan didn't have much flavor but they give you bbq sauce to dip in so that helped.Queen Doreen reigns supreme once again! Doreen Demarco was listed as BillyPenn.com's 15 Young Who's Next Chefs. Demarco is the executive chef at Sardine Bar and here, at 2D, and her food never disappoints. Her ability to put a funky spin on childhood favorites and the class American comfort foods keeps me coming back to both of her restaurants! 
I can say that as an avid meat-lover, the vegan and vegetarian options available on 2D's menu will crush your misconceptions about plant based diets. Three standout munchies worth mentioning on the current menu are the vegan beer cheese, buffalo cauliflower bites (also, vegan), and YEP - VEGAN PORK RINDS (made with fried wonton wrappers, seasoned with fresh lime and Tajin). I was so satiated with those bar bites, that I was unable to order any of the other delicious menu items. Guess I'll have to make my visits to 2D more frequent. The vegan pork rinds were light, crunchy, and packed with flavor. The vegan beer cheese, made for 2D by Miss Rachel's Pantry, was unreal. Just as good as similar cheeses I've had from the Italian market. My absolute favorite was the buffalo cauliflower bites; the coating was perfectly crunchy and the cauliflower was tender. I literally forgot I was eating a vegetable. Everything was outstanding!
The fun doesn't stop there. 2D has crazy good house made beers rotating their taps. Most of their brews are on the hoppier side, but all very tasty and worth checking out. When 2D first opened, they didn't offer a happy hour, but they heard the pleas of Philly, and now they do, though I'm not sure the deets.
The vibe is trendy-casual, good mix of old and young, hipsters and beer bros. The street parking is not super fantastic; it can take a few laps around the blocks for to find a spot. You're not terrible far from the BSL if you want to opt for public transport. That might be your best option if you're planning on enjoying some beers.
I'm hesitant to share how much I love this place, but I definitely cannot keep quiet about how delicious the eats and beers are here at 2D. They're putting South Philly on the map.The space is huge and rustic.  All the beers I've tried thus far are awesome. Food menu more on the "bites" side, but nothing wrong with focusing on beer. Tried the camellia sinesis, and it is truly delicious. Tea flavor is very subtle. The Vietnamese coffee stout was also good, though a bit on the sweet side for me.  The lemon thyme saison tasted light and refreshing but still packed a punch.  The beer here was my favorite of three breweries I visited this weekend.
The menu is very vegetarian friendly.  This visit, I just went with the olives, but they were tasty and well seasoned.  Will report back on future food visits.  I cannot wait until spring when we can get those giant garage doors open for a fresh breeze.  
Entrance is on McKean, not Bancroft.Space, service, and beer all great. Went for my birthday last night for drinks - it's a hole in the wall, South Philly brewery and diamond in the rough kind of place. Intimate in the bar area and the back room was perfect for my group of 7 and another larger party. The beer was great, Synchronoise was a delicious IPA. Our waiter, Brent, was the best so definitely sit in his section - they don't do flight boards, but he made one with a candle on it which was special!! Definitely recommend if you're looking for a brewery that has a lot of atmosphere.Delicious brews, good bar snacks, and solid service in a chic South Philly brewery? Count me in! Visited this joint with some out-of-town friends and ordered the Vietnamese Nitro Coffee Stout brew and a ton of small plates.  The brew was delicious and so was the food- especially the Ranch Pork Rinds - extra crispy and super light - they're way better than anything you can buy at the supermarket.. and it's served with a dipping sauce that compliments it perfectly! 
Also delicious: the fried pickles, pretzels (great mustard), cauliflower buffalo nugs, and their burger (which they successfully served medium rare for the win).Great brewery in South Philly. Nice atmosphere, 1 TV at the end of the bar, lots of vegan options on the menu.