Great food, cool atmosphere. With the free appetizer for checking in and some complimentary hot sake, it would be hard to complain about too much.Amazing food! Our waiter went above and beyond to make sure we had a great time in the private karaoke room. Seiko is byob which is a plus! I highly recommend seiko if you are looking for a great sushi place with a fun atmosphere!Went with a groupon to try this place out. The service was good and the decor was cute and cozy. But the food was terrible. The sushi was not fresh and was not cut properly and the seafood udon barely had any content in it. And the broth just tasted like soy sauce water. Again not understanding what the general mass of yelp reviewers are talking about. I think because we had a groupon our portions were skimpy. Whoever groupon is to advertise and we will not be going back to this place at all.Been coming here for years, the staff is always friendly and its a BYOB so you can bring your own beer or sake and it really keeps the price down. my favorite roll as the Northern liberties roll , and for lunch the $10-$12 lunchbox specials are the best deal around. I love sitting in the front window it's all glass and you get a good view and plenty of light.Worst customer service ever! My boyfriend & I decided we wanted sushi for date night. So we looked up Seiko & saw it had great reviews & a nice variety on the menu. There was no phone number on their website & their entire website is catered to online ordering. We checked open table to make a reservation there - nope not listed there either. Ok great, we don't need a reservation.  So we headed over at 8pm (our normal dinner time) & were turned away because we didn't have a reservation! Are you kidding me!?  someone please advise exactly how I'm supposed to make a reservation when you only open at 5pm?  Needless to say, we went to Zento in Old City instead & had a lovely evening. Zento- 100% , Seiko - 0%. Save your time & money & go to Zento instead.Not sure what happened here. After 2 good experiences ordering delivery, our third order (exactly same as previous orders) arrived incomplete. Dim sum was mushy and veggie tempura udon without noodles (they agreed to send them but it's taking another half hour) and barely any tempura!I don't know why this place is underrated as this place is very simple and cozy.. The food is really good very flavorful i love their special rolls as i have ordered 5 different one, the dancing dragon, volcano and kamikaze is halleluya good.. Their salmon teriyaki is mouth watering good and is not a small piece of salmon is at least a good 12oz size salmon.. I really recommend you guys coming bringing your own beer.. This is a hole in the wall kind of joint.. If you don't pay attention your going to miss it.. But i suggest you start putting this place on your "to eat place".. Also the dessert!! Their fried ice cream is stupidly/retardedly good...The specialty rolls were awesome, "northen liberty" is a must try roll and also their kitchen entree is good only a bit to the sweet side. I love the server, he gave us a warm and friendly welcome while explaining the menu and seems like he knows every single thing in the menu. Will definitely come back for more.I went to this place last summer when it was listed at "Koi" in yelp. This is my review:
This place is no longer called koi. It's new name is Seiko. I came here for take out with my boyfriend and we ordered the spicy tuna roll, yellowtail roll, and Alaskan roll. The spicy tuna was barely edible (my boyfriend called it awful). It was super spicy and peppery as if they had dumped cayenne on the rice and fish, plus there was no spicy mayo either. The fish itself was tasteless. The yellowtail was alright, slightly better than the spicy tuna, but barely. The Alaskan roll was the only decent thing we ordered. Possibly worst of all was the rice they used on the rolls was flavorless and gummy. The service was nice enough, but I will not be going back.This place was really nice I have to say, I go out to restaurants just about every night and I really enjoyed it here. The only thing I didn't like was the parking-situation they've got going on, because finding parking was pretty hard but unless you know where the place is exactly, it's kind of hard to find. So I looked at the yelp reviews before going (and a lot of them recommended the Salmon dumplings) so I ordered them first with my date when we got there, they were amazing (they are actually lobster with salmon wrapped around them) but they are so good I would go back just for them. We also had the Stripped Bass Cargiaccio, which was also pretty good, and for desert we had the 'mochi' which are cute little rice balls with ice-cream in them, I had the vanilla and my date had the mango I believe, but we both loved everything, it was a good meal and I will definitely go back soon hopefully.Definitely some of the best sushi I've had in Philly. The owner and all the waiters are super friendly and accommodating. All of their special rolls are really good, especially the Spartan. And definitely get the salmon dumplings. Kinda high prices, but that's typical of sushi. Definitely recommend!If I could give less than 1 star, I would. 
I ordered from Seiko via grubhub. The order was well over an hour late past the estimated delivery time from grubhub - over 2 hours from when I ordered. The number listed online for this restaurant is not in service, so I was unable to contact them to check the status of my order. Grubhub was unfortunately not very helpful in this situation.. They confirmed my order was going to come, but couldn't give me a new time estimate, and since my order was allegedly "out for delivery" I was unable to cancel it.
Finally when the food did come, it was not only cold but completely wrong. Nothing was prepared as ordered. I will never order from Seiko again, and strongly recommend against it.I have only been here once since they changed from Koi to Seiko. But, I had a great experience. The person who greeted us at the door was charming, polite and super attentive. The our apps, and meal were perfectly timed and delicious. The fish, I thought, was fresh and super tasty! I am actually going to be ordering take out tonight from there (hence why I was on here- I was looking for their website link, so I could check out the menu again!) and was surprised by the negativity of some. 
My only request- is I hope that you come up with some more "specialty rolls". A majority of them have shellfish in them, and sadly, I am allergic to shellfish. But, I love when Sushi Chefs get creative with Tuna and Salmon!Food is bad to low average. The shumai was small, soggy, and tasteless--likely frozen shumai you can get from any grocery store and microwave better yourself. Ramen soup was really salty, the noodles disintegrated into soft mush, and the meat was dry. The rolls were acceptable but there wasn't a lot of fish and the rice overcooked and under seasoned. 
Should have known better than to order from a Japanese restaurant with a Korean dish on the menu misspelled "bulgokee" (!)Love this place! When I lived in Northern Liberties I would have my food delivered at least once a week and now that I am in Fishtown, I still have my food delivered here about once a week, lol.Really bad sushi experience. Ordered a Dragon Roll and Spicy Tuna Roll. Tuna roll was okay but fell apart. Dragon roll was the worst sushi I've ever tasted.  The fish was off/ bad. Essentially $24 for dinner and I couldn't even stomach half of it. Roommate who also often eats and loves sushi tried it as well and had the same reaction. Overall, overpriced and still hungry....I don't usually write Yelp reviews, but this was bad... really. bad. We ordered at 6:23 and the food didn't arrive until 8:40. I contacted Eat24 after 90 minutes and they managed to get me a 20% discount, but did inform me that the food had not yet been prepared but would be ASAP. Did they miss the order? Who knows, but still, way too long to wait. 
When the food finally arrived after 2 hours and 20 mins, the delivery driver wouldn't get out of the car and a young boy got out and delivered the food to my door. I found it quite inappropriate that the adult driving the car couldn't take 5 seconds to give me the food, say sorry, etc., but instead sent a young child to my door. Weird.
Anyway, we open the food to discover that the hot items were lukewarm, the sushi was shoved into the containers, and the shrimp tempura roll was pretty much all tail. In fact, the tails were buried in two of the pieces so as to disguise the fact that there were actually inedible tails in there. Luckily I was skeptical of the food and dissected it before eating. 
Overall, the service was poor and the food was inadequate. I will not be ordering from here again.Great meal. Fantastic sushi. Fresh and tasty. Chairs mold to your bottom. Very ergonomic. I highly recommend.How can I forget the place I order from every other week. I always get the Salmon Teriyaki or Beef Bulkogee Bento/Lunch box. You get your dish, a side salad, shrimp shumai, fried sweet potato/broccoli, soup and rice. Can't beat $8.95 - $11.95 for a tasty healthy lunch.Have dined here multiple times where it has been satisfactory, but not amazing. Today it fell below satisfactory. As we're eating our appetizers we were constantly shooing nats away and then proceed to stomp on two critters on the floor (can't confirm what they were) then left shooing flies away while we waited 10-15 minutes for the check. The bug problem is likely due to the sticky floors. Done with this place for sure.If I could give Seiko 0 stars, I would.
     I have ordered from this place three times through Yelp EAT215. The first time, it came 2 hours late. The second time arrived on time.  Food was just "ok".  It was good enough to order again. I should explain that this is the only place that will deliver sushi to my house.  
   The third time I ordered from Seiko, I sat by my front door and waited for the delivery to arrive.  Delivery estimate was between 6:20-6:48pm.  It is 7:38pm,  I just have received one of the WORST meals I have ever had delivered to my house.  The sushi is warm,  the cooked apps are cold.  My tuna Tartare has been sitting in the sauce for so long that half of it is cooked through from the acid.  Having some sauce on the dish might have made up for it,  but it was all in the bottom of the bag,  which is now all over my floor.  The salmon dumplings have sweated through to the point that they are mush.  
   This whole incident occurred because the driver claimed he was outside my house calling my phone for a half hour.  But for that half hour,  I was sitting on my couch next to the door.  When I finally contacted the restaurant I was told the phone number they were trying to call was completely wrong.  And the driver needed a working phone in order to make a delivery, which of course was my fault.  Not the driver who could have simply knocked on my front door....Never got an apology. Nothing, except disgusting inedible food.  Never again. If I were you,  I would avoid the headacheLoved it! Folks, please don't be dissuaded by Andi's comments. She is probably frustrated by her consistently poor use of structure and grammar in her misdirected diatribes, such that she takes it out on the restaurants that are unlucky enough to be visited by her. Peep her scathing reviews of other local business to see how she fills the joyless vacuum that must be her life. 
Anyway, fresh dishes and the miso soup was solid. Loved watching the chefs skillfully prepare our rolls. Seaweed salad was also a huge hit. Will return for certain. Thank you, Seiko!I am so happy I tried this place !! After 3 years in northern liberties I stopped in. You must try the salmon dumplings!! I have never had such a unique appetizer and I would come back at least once a week for them. The fish was fresh and great prices !I've been coming here for over five years, through the various incarnations.  I don't mind shifts in the food quality or changes to the items on the menu of their preparation --that happens over time with new owners, managers and chefs and I'll always be patient and give a place another shot or two.  However, with these new owners, the quality of the service is offensive and I will never be going back.  
I ordered a new dish--the Shoyu Ramen--and found it inedible.  I have had maybe 40 bowls of ramen from 6 different restaurants in my life and I'm not even comparing it to what I would establish as a "standard" Shoyu Ramen (which this would not have lived up to with its dry pork and hard boiled (not marinated and soft boiled) egg).  Using no basis of comparison, this was inedible because the noodles were packed densely on the bottom, severely overcooked and gluey, while also tasting raw and floury.  I brought this up to the server and asked to swap it for the Udon Soup (which I know is fine there), and she stared at me blankly and made no move to do so.  So, I drank the super salty broth, left the remaining %90 of the dish uneaten, and was given the FULL BILL for a meal I complained about, asked to return and didn't eat.  When I told her any other restaurant would have swapped the meal or comped it she said, verbatim, "I am just a worker, I cannot make those decisions."   I hope whoever is running that place reads this and changes their service policies because they just lost a long-time customer as well as her whole office.  
P.S. I was the only customer in the place, so it wasn't like they were too rushed to accommodate a single customer.The sushi here is always SO fresh and the staff is so nice and accommodating. It's BYOB so it's perfect for a date night or a night with some friends. I would recommend it to anyone and have. We love it here!!Used to go here regularly. Just had lunch and the quality has unfortunately went down significantly. Enjoyed it when it was Koi, would avoid Seiko now.I've been coming here ever since they opened under the name 269 (a reference to the ''perfect" temperature for tempura). I have never been disappointed. The tempura is amazing. The sushi is fresh and delicious. Lots of innovative rolls and beautiful sashimi. Suggestion: don't order anything. Just tell them to bring you whatever they feel like making. They will always give you the best things available that night.
On top of everything, the whole staff is friendly. I've been gone for months at a time only to go back to this place and be welcomed as a regular. If I lived any closer, I'd be broke because I'd eat here every night.This has got to be the greatest sushi place of all time. I am always satisfied with every dish that I ordered and service was always great. I would recommend this place to everyone. This place deserves more than 5 stars on yelp!!This was our first time here...we ordered a boat load of sushi and it was all fresh and delicious - this place is definitely giving other sushi places around there some competition.
My favorites were the salmon skin salad and salmon dumplings. Yum yum yum the skin on that salad was crispy and seasoned to perfection! The dumplings are basically lobster rolled in salmon sashimi....omg out of the world delicious!
Everything is reasonably priced and it's also a BYOB.
The staff was very friendly.
I'll be back!I can't rate the food because it hasn't arrived yet. Our order was placed at 7:45 pm. It is now 9:45 pm and still no food. I called twice and the hostess said "sorry, we have a lot of orders". Our expected delivery time was 8:45. The hostess didn't have an answer when I asked why they never updated the delivery time. I would have canceled if I knew I'd be waiting over 2 hours to eat dinner. At this rate, I will be in bed before the delivery arrives. This is the worst delivery experience I have ever had.My fiancé and I have been going to Seiko since it was KOI. I love this little gem of a restaurant, and are confused by the negative reviews-- so much so that I am compelled to write a review myself! I agree with Lydia, don't be dissuaded by the negative reviews. Go and judge for yourself. 
I been going here for almost a decade, and I have never had a bad meal here. The sushi is always fresh, looks beautiful, and no one I know who has eaten here has ever been sick-- and that's a lot of people since most of my friends live in the neighborhood. I've eaten sushi all over the city, and I come back to this place time and time again for its ambiance (quiet, you can actually have a conversation. The quiet also makes it a great place to take a date), food quality (like I said, never had a bad meal), and price (really reasonable compared to sushi joints in Center City). 
In my experience, the service has almost always been good, and the owner waves to us whenever we enter and leave his restaurant. I've had my birthday dinner here multiple years in a row-- even using the party room downstairs once for a big crowd, and my experience was nothing like Sida's. At my parties, there was always plenty of soy sauce and abundant tea. 
My fiancé always gets the fancy maki rolls, and really likes the Sky Fall roll. The spring rolls are fried pieces of creamy, salmony delight, and the teriyaki sauce on the entrees is just right-- not too heavy, thick or sweet (all downfalls of some teriyaki sauces I've had). 
In short, EAT HERE! I don't know why restaurants on this block are always empty. I was just in here (Friday night), at 7:00 to pick up an order, and it was totally empty! WHY?! El Capitan right next door only lasted a few months and had the best margaritas in the neighborhood. Fresh fruit on the rim! They blew Dos Segudos's out of the water! I hope Seiko makes up for the lack of crowds on a Friday night with their take-out and delivery options because I would be SO, SO sad if they ever closed. It would be like losing an old friend!Chairs. 
Pick your own music. 
The specials are everything on the menu. 
Get your squid torched.Just had the most wonderful Japanese lunch here. The waitstaff was fantastic. We sat up at the sushi bar. Had the lunch special and it was enormous.  in all spectacular. My friend had the salmon skin salad which was also delicious and the salmon dumplings out of this world. Not to mention the fire cracker Maki. All in all fantastic experience highly recommend.I really like this place.  The sushi was fresh.  I chose the red and white sashimi combo for it variety.  Great food.  Great service! Loved the atmosphere.My husband and I recently moved here from LA California and decided to give this place a try after passing by a few times on our way to work. 
The place was clean and the people very welcoming. After reviewing the menu we decided to do two appetizers and two rolls. We went with the beef gyoza and spicy rock shrimp. The gyoza was good and we fell in love with the spicy rock shrimp. The wasabi sauce was delicious! For rolls we had the Fishtown and Liberty, and we were not disappointed. Both rolls were delicious and tasted fresh! We ended the night with delicious mochi! 
The five stars we are giving is for the over all experience. The food was delicious but what stood out for us was the people working there. Throughout the entire meal the severs were very attentive and very nice. We even learned about some of the ingredients they use from Japan to make their delicious sauces. They seemed genuine and you could tell they take pride in their food and service. 
We will definitely be coming back here. This place is a keeper in our book!Great place. Dine in or eat out. Love the salmon dumplings..., sushi is fresh, and delivery is often early.I've been a long devotee of Seiko - even before when it was called Koi. I'm a bit embarrassed to admit that I order take out from here twice a week. The rolls are just so damn good and big and creative. If you order through Grub Hub, it always takes less time than they say.Ordered the deluxe sashimi and a specialty roll with eel and tuna. The sashimi was fresh. The uni and bonito were particularly lovely. The roll was nothing special, and as always, the sauce seemed a bit on the sweet side. My partner was wondering if the wasabi was fresh...we haven't had fresh wasabi (instead of from powder or package) in the US in a loooong time (we should have asked). The service was friendly and super attentive.
FYI: BYOB and there is a Foodery 2 blocks north.Ya know, it's not that Seiko is not good; it's Sushi Standard modern decor, affable staff and fair prices were all wonderful. It's just that good sushi is just so hard to come by. We had a few nice treats but as the stars show this was ultimately just an A-OK experience.Just enjoyed a HUGE dinner via caviar delivery. It was perfect after a very long week. We ordered the volcano maki, fire cracker maki, chicken katsu and shrimp tempura udon. Although they forgot one of the rolls in the first delivery, they were so apologetic and sent another delivery out to make up for it. Everything was absolutely delicious!! The chicken katsu was a generous portion size (enough for 2 to split) and came with yummy miso soup and side salad. I was pleasantly surprised that everything was separated so that the tempura and katsu were crispy, even in take out boxes. The sushi was fresh and beautifully presented, too! I truly appreciate their kindness with the missing roll, and will definitely be ordering again, hopefully sitting at the restaurant next time!!Their sushi fish is not fresh. It's evident that it had not been fished out of the ocean within a few days.  Their spicy tuna was not edible and I had to throw it in the trash as it tasted like white vinegar.  The "miso" soup I ordered with chicken in it was FLAVORLESS.  All food went into the trash as I had ordered for delivery so I was unable to send it back.  I have eaten hundreds of spicy tuna (or spicy salmon) rolls since the 80s and the spicy tuna from Seiko was the absolute WORSE.  They try to mask the fact that it is not fresh, by dousing it in poor quality, from the bottle spicy sauce that is chock full of white vinegar.
I am able to prepare better sushi at home and should have done that or I should have gone to the sushi restaurant that I normally go to and never disappoints (Aki).
If you grew up on the west coast of the United States like I did, then you probably grew up eating very fresh and authentically prepared sushi. In that case, skip Seiko.  I am still shaking my head at how awful it is.The food is 8 
The decor 7 
Service 10 
Went to hang out to celebrate a birthday and the service was great!! The waiter was very nice and the staff was very attentive. The only thing was the bathroom was not too clean and there was an fly in the restaurant other than that we enjoyed ourselves very much. I would come backBest sushi in NL, you have to try the salmon dumplings. Service is great, menu changed from when it was koi, now is better.I had the best time here for my birthday! I bought a Groupon for the restaurant to have a 2 hour karaoke room I was actually running late and they accommodated me last minute and changed he time. The staff was awesome I had a party of sixteen and they were so friendly they even came down and sang and danced with me for my birthday. It was such a great time the food was good the place was clean and I will definitely go there again!!!!!!all the way good. Nothing bad to say.. food. service. quiet. personal. Fresh. attentive... all around great experience l.  and I had a Groupon.. and complimentary sake.. perfect mealBYOB!  , My wife and I come here once a month at least . Fresh ingredients and clean place.
I recommend Shrimp Shumai, Udon , Seafood Deluxe Teriyaki and green tea ice creamWorst First Time Experience Ever!!!! Never again will we have a group Bday event here AGAIN. 2hrs to deliver our entree and meal. Horrible customer services. No water, no tea, no say sauce. The food was okay. Very disappointed and will not come back.I love this place! I got a gift card from resturant.com and this came up. & I'm very pleased that we came here! The decor is funky and modern and had nice music in the background. My husband had the rock shrimp appetizer and it was delicious! I ordered the sashmi dinner and What really impressed me was the wasabi was grated . It didn't seem to come out the tube since it didn't look like a thick clay like consistency. I began to talk the owner and asked if they had any events for larger groups. He was excited to show me their basement with tables and seats( about 18). In the basement there was a karaoke system set up in a few other languages (Chinese, Korean, Japanese, Vietnamese, English). And there was a $50 reservation fee to hold the space and as long as I spend like $250 my expense is covered (which is very easy to do) . So I booked it and had my 30th bday there and I was so happy I did! The staff was very accommodating and friendly and they maneuvered thru the party very well. They were polite and sweet to my whole party we tipped more than gratuity. This is also BYOB too. I am in the service industry and their service surpassed my expectations. And only thing I regret was not ordering enough food for myself because I was too busy singing and eating cake! But def coming here again for lunch dinner and telling everyone about this place!This is my first time here and very impressed!!! The sushi is fantastic. Very fresh and flavorful and I'd love to bottle the broth in the miso ramen. I will definitely be coming here again.The Salmon Dumplings, oh the Salmon Dumplings! It is lobster wrapped in salmon topped with a light sweet sauce that practically melts in your mouth. This was the highlight of the day.
Based on the recommendations of the waitress, my friends and I also ordered the Spicy Rock Shrimp, the Northern Liberty roll, and the Beef Gyoza. The Spicy Rock Shrimp is actually spicy! The spicy mayo sauce had a nice kick of spiciness. However, the shrimps were very tiny and hard to pick up. It was difficult to tell what was shrimp and what was just crunch. This dish was also very small for the price. The Northern Liberty roll was a disappointment. It simply tasted like a shrimp tempura roll and was nothing special. The Beef Gyoza was a nice surprise. It was crunchy and steaming hot! 
Overall, I would come back just for the Salmon Dumplings and the Beef Gyoza. 
P.S. Yelp has a free appetizer with purchase of entree coupon on their mobile app! There is also a coupon on Groupon for this place.Stopped in after a weekend of travel looking for a healthy and light start to the week. Tried the sashimi salad, salmon sashimi and volcano roll. All delicious, fresh and just enough to fill me up. 
Definitely will coming back here to enjoy the BYO with some friends.Seiko Japanese Restaurant was an interesting place to eat. I went there with two of my friends around the dinner time of opening, 5 pm. The place was pretty empty since the restaurant just opened. I liked how modern the place looked.
We ordered 3 appetizers and 1 sushi roll. We ordered the Spicy Rock Shrimp, Beef Gyoza, Salmon Dumplings, and the sushi Northern Liberty Maki. Everything came in a timely manner.
The Spicy Rock Shrimp was really flavorful. The spiciness was definitely there. The only disappointing thing was the size of the shrimp. The shrimp were really small, about the size of your thumb nail. It's not the size we were expecting when ordering the dish. The Beef Gyoza was average. Everything you can expect from a dumpling. The sushi honestly tasted like a shrimp tempura roll with the sauce from the Spicy Rock Shrimp. Still tastes good, but I was expecting more since it is a speciality roll. The biggest surprise was the Salmon Dumplings. It's salmon on the outside with a piece of lobster inside. It was absolutely spectacular. The sauce really complements the fish. I couldn't get enough and we all wished we ordered more.
So overall, I would come back to this restaurant. Definitely order the Salmon Dumplings and the Beef Gyoza. This restaurant also has a coupon on Groupon!The salmon dumpling appetizer is really amazing! Their fish is super fresh and the service is top notch!! Cant wait to be a
backThis was absolutely the best place to eat!  The food was delicious and the waitress was outstanding.  We were visiting and unfamiliar with the area we took a taxi from our hotel there when we arrived they were very welcoming and got us seated right away.  After our wonderful meal we needed to catch a cab back and thought we could just stand outside for one the waitress said to use Uber. I had never used Uber so she called one for me and was going to pay for it for us. There's so many good people in the world stillMy daughter and I just dined here, and we couldn't have been more pleased.  Excellent service (fast, precise and polite) from Sherry; food quality was first rate (sushi, seafood teriyaki, tempura udon); the dining room is clean, bright, cheery with upbeat music that isn't overwhelming; good parking in neighborhood.  Also, this is a BYOB.  Finally, the prices are shockingly modest.I really like these guys. I first found Seiko through Groupon, and all of my experiences here have been great. The fish is fresh and flavors and prices are great (especially bento box lunches!). The maki combinations for sushi are a great value for multiple rolls. They have a large menu-if you aren't in the mood for sushi, there are entrees and ramen and more (although I probably wouldn't get the ramen again). It's also a BYOB and I have not been charged a cork fee yet, so bring it on in. It's always easy for me to get a table here, my only concern being I hope they are getting enough business! However, I do see a lot of to-go orders moving while I'm there.I'm a sushi snob.. Meaning I have had sushi millions of time from millions of diff places... This place is very very basic/average. If you are new to sushi without high expectations then it's fine.I LOVE LOVE LOVE THEIR FOOD. but the delivery service was shit excuse my language but the guy treated me very bad and asked me to tip him in front of my friend which was very embarrassing!!Awesome food! Portions could be a little bigger...but still REALLY good!Very clean, small, and modern looking restaurant. Not sure whether we had an off or short staffed day because the food took a long time to come out. 
The bento boxes are a really good deal: entrée, 2 pieces of California roll, miso soup, salad, 3 pieces of vegetable tempura, and 2 pieces of shu mai. Overall, okay experience but nothing out of the ordinary.My go-to favorite neighborhood sushi place.  Just as good as the former Koi, if not better.  Always fresh, delicious and perfectly executed.I haven't heard of this restaurant before so I wouldn't have considered dining at this place if not persuaded by my girlfriend and her friend. They came here last year and had a positive experience... so we're back here again. We ordered a sushi boat and bibimbap. The sushi was good, but nothing special. The bibimbap, on the other hand, was what I fell in love with. It was very flavorful, which satisfied my taste buds. 
I also wanted to quickly comment on their service. The waitress was friendly and came back several times to refill our water. That's always a plus for me. We stayed a little past their closing hour and the owner was very patient with us. He even showed us their karaoke room in the lower level of the restaurant. Yes, I said karaoke. If you're in the area and want to sing your heart out, check this place out. The karaoke room is small and can probably fit 5-6 people.This is my neighborhood go to! It is fair priced and the rolls have always been fresh. The staff and sushi chefs are very friendly and recognize me so they always prepare a special dish when I come in. While not the best in the city definitely the best in Northern Liberties/ Fishtown area...
My favorite roll is the firecracker...a+mazing!Had the firecracker, Caesar and the spicy salmon. Spicy salmon was good nothing crazy. Caesar was really good. And the firecracker was excellent! Very good overall. I'd definitely recommend the firecracker to anyone.I just moved to Philadelphia from Michigan and I have to say the seafood here is over the moon! My boyfriend and I decided at 9pm that we were going to get late night sushi! It's great that this location is so close to me and open late! We ordered a california roll, a philly roll, the dancing dragon and Ichiban roll for take out and let me tell you we will definitely be coming back! We LOVED the Ichiban roll, I wish we had ordered two! Fast service and very friendly front desk service for carry-out!My girlfriend and I ordered from this place on grubhub and were not impressed. I got the chicken teriyaki and she got the miso ramen. They were both mediocre dishes that could have been made with more spices and seasonings. The chicken teriyaki was a breaded chicken that had a sauce very similar to soy sauce. Did not taste like teriyaki should. And her miso ramen was alright but the chicken was probably a better choice as a protein because the pork was tough and tasteless. 
This may have just been an off day for them or it was the delivery that was a bad choice. But we have experienced better places for both of these items. 
All in all I would say do not order delivery and try to stick to the specialties they make as they probably will taste better.I wish I can review 0 star. This place is SICK. I found died fly in my miso soup. Waitress added 20% tip without any notification. I didn't know that so I ended up "Double tip" her. I am normally generous to pay for the good service fee but She was NOT GREAT AT ALL. Make sure to check your receipt. It was very tricky. They pre-charged you "20%" tip. WTFThis is one of my favorite places to dine in or out for lunch around my job. The food is delicious, they have awesome lunch specials and the ambiance and service is wonderful. However, my absolute favorite, favorite thing to order is the Kamikaze sushi roll. When I tell you this roll is amazing, it's an understatement. You've got to try it for yourself to appreciate the level of deliciousness this sushi roll possesses. Here's a description of it "Shrimp tempura, avocado wrapped with wasabi lobster and layer crab stick, masago, crunchy tempura flake, mayonnaise." I'm warning you though, you will become obsessed!!!!Great place for people to go to near fishtown, old Kensington, and northern liberties. Hostess is kind, service is quick for sushi. Deliveries take at least 40 minutes.Entrees came out ten minutes a part. We watched everyone eat individually while meals came haphazardly. My appetizer never showed up, so I cancelled it after finishing my entrée. Quality of food was good, but service was poor.The Bento boxes are an incredible value and delicious. You get a lot for your money!
My favorite is the chicken katsu bento. 
Very slight '2001: A Space Odyssey' vibe mixed with some traditional Japanese aesthetic.
I also recommend the brown rice tea. Get a pot!
The service is very good and the staff are very friendly.
The place needs much more publicity! (a hidden treasure in Northern Liberties)
I think they are now setup for parties and karaoke too.I'm usually a big sushi fan but the overall experience from Seiko wasn't great. We got delivery, and my meal was salmon avocado and spicy tuna rolls with seaweed salad. First thing is they got the order wrong and forgot one of the items. Once we got everything I was set to dig in, and pretty hungry. All in all the seaweed salad was the best part of the meal. The salmon wasn't so bad, but the tuna itself was not tasty and fell apart when I tried to actually eat it with chopsticks. I believe in second chances, but there's a lot of making up to do for next time whenever that is.I had takeout from Seiko today and it was delicious.  I had the beef bulkogee lunch box and everything was so wonderful.  It comes with a miso soup, salad, shrimp shumai, California rolls, veggie tempura and rice.  I will definitely order from here again.Just finished up a great dinner here. The regular sushi meal (6 pc nigiri and California roll) was wonderfully fresh. My partner enjoyed the Volcano and I love tuna roll a lot. We ordered the fried green tea ice cream for dessert and I'm still craving it. Also love that it's byob. We'll definitely be back!Food was great, staff and owner were really nice, and super affordable. Definitely going again.My wife and I have been coming here off and on for the last 2 years back when it was koi. We haven't been back in a while so we decided to stop in for dinner. Well, they've really stepped up their game. Food and service was amazing. Extremely fresh fish.Positives: friendly and helpful hostess took my order over the phone, sushi delivered to Fishtown less than an hour after placing the order, fish seemed reasonably fresh
Negatives: texture of the rice was almost gelatinous, spicy tuna mixture overly gooey. I threw out most of my order bc of texture.Food was ok. The problem was that they added the tip on to the bill. We were a party of 2!  Then there was a tip calculator at the bottom of the bill. I assume that they hope you don't notice that the tip is already included and then tip again on the total. Very shady. 
Also the music was very loud. Don't get me wrong, I like loud music, just not on a dinner date.So disappointed tonight. I have been to this place many times and I really love the sushi! However, I came in tonight with my boyfriend and a friend at 9:10 pm on a Thursday. We promptly ordered and got great sushi, noodles and maki. At 10:10 I asked for some tea and it was promptly served. The music stopped and some lights went off. The waitress apologizes and informs us we need to leave in five minutes. I understand she needed to get home but we got no warning upon arrival. I had to basically chug my tea and we cut our dinner very abruptly short on the night before my birthday. I was a vocal supporter of this neighborhood gem but now I am not so sure. We spent a good amount and gave a good tip out of decency.No suprise here that the sushi was only okay, its Philadelphia what else can you expect? The only thing is that the menu said *six* pieces per roll woops chef must have needed a snack because we only had five. Maybe he should have slivered one of the small pieces in half. Quarter sized shrimp shumai came with a slightly spiced up sauce pretty okay just not our favorite style of dumpling for the money. The teriyaki "melt in your mouth" tofu with veggies was the bargain of the night. Pretty good service but still havent found a better alternative to whole foods sushi unfortunately in Philly.