went on a fri night and the food was good, but service was horrible. we weren't given menus and we had to track down a server to request menus, order, ask for refills, etc.Clyde is the most professional server this side of the city. Call Clyde if you want a good time ;)Best Korean food I have in U.S. . The BBQ is so so so GREAT! What's more important for me, I won't smell bad after the BBQ because of its good ventilator.I've always wanted Korean BBQ, and this place definitely did not disappoint! The food was so good, and I loved using the grill to cook everything. Also, our waiter Clyde was the man, he made sure we had everything we needed :)What can I say. Seorabol is as good as it gets. It is by fair the very best Korean restaurant I've ever had in the US. BBQ and Jjigae are both good. Soy sauce crab is superb!Absolutely love coming here! I love the nice ajummas and waiters. This is the only korean spot I would only go to because of their fresh veggies and bbq. Absolutely love the side dishes! If i could give 10 stars i would. The food is worth the money considering you are getting a lot to eat! The only best korean bbq spot in philly!Surprised by the size of the restaurant. It was my first time getting Korean food in Philly so I honestly didn't know what to expect and may be biased with my rating. In one line, "The food was alright but I've tasted better - their service was mediocre" 
There was a kind gentleman who opened the door for us when we arrived at the restaurant. Super kind! Then the hostess greeted us and seated us (a group of 6) in the large dining area. It seemed to be a busy Friday night. We ordered 3 large dishes and they were all delicious with small wish for improvements. 
1) Bossam was delicious - thinly sliced and comes with fresh oysters. The radish kimchi was well seasoned and the salted cabbage was really good too! Overall really fresh ingredients. BUT I could smell something really porky- I am fine with it but I know that some sensitive people won't be happy with the smell the dweji 
2) kimchi dweji dooroochigi - This was really good too. The pork was well simmered and tender. The tofu in it was delicious too - firm in shape but tender tasting. One thing that would make it better would be if the kimchi had more texture. The kimchi just broke down - not a slight bit of crunch. But it was really well seasoned - loved the coarse cracked peppers. 
3) Nakji jeongol - This was my least favorite dish. I think our waiter forgot about us and overcooked it. Nakji (Octopus) is best when it is cooked just the right amount. when overcooked, it becomes tough. And that's what happened to ours - It became tough. The broth was delicious but a little disappointing with the octopus itself. 
I really don't know what to expect in Philly for good Korean food so I may be biased in my review. Delicious food regardless but i've had better. It was alright. A-Okay~Third time's the charm! Each time I eat here I hone what I like and how much food we should order (very easy to over order with the appetizer accompaniment).
Absolutely love the mandu and kimchee pancake. Got an assortment of meats for the grill: bulgogi, spicy beef and pork.
The wait ~7pm on a Saturday was about 30-45 minutes, but it was well worth the wait. And the palate-cleansing drink (cinnamon based) is quite delightful.
The only cons: green tea served in plastic pitchers pick up the plastic taste.Honestly the best Korean BBQ place in Philly; no other restaurant can compare!! I've tried a lot of restaurants trying to find authentic Korean food and Seorabol is hands down the best. I've been coming here for years ever since! Actually, I'm having dinner with my coworkers and friend Tiffany right now as I write this review haha. Definitely worth trying! Great food and great service! 
Not the type to usually write a review so credit goes to Clyde for convincing me to write this reviewPlace was quite busy on a Saturday night but we weren't getting BBQ so got a table right away. Will say that the service wasn't that good since we didn't get our dishes much later than my other dining buddy. We were suppose to get a seafood pancake but we got plain. Although the plain pancake was full of scallions and tasty. Overall the price and amount of food is always good but service tonight wasn't. This is still my #1 rank Korean restaurant and I'll always be coming back here.OMG the banchan here is unbeatable. If you've read my previous reviews of Korean restaurants, you know I am heavily (and maybe unfairly) swayed by the quality of the banchan offerings. Holy moly, Seorabol is so generous with their very delicious and fresh banchan! It includes grilled mackerel in addition to the other more commonly seen banchan in the US. We decided on the seafood hotpot. It was my first time having Korean-style hotpot. I'm used to shabu shabu and Mongolian-style hotpot. Korean hotpot is basically a huge pot of stew, which the servers bring to your table after all the ingredients have already been added (in an artful way, of course. Koreans are all about food presentation). Oh my gosh everything was so delicious. It was also helpful that each table gets their own large bottle of water, so you don't have to wait around for the servers to refill your cup. It's really too bad that I've moved away from the area, or else I would be a regular. The prices are also not bad at all! Great atmosphere- mostly Koreans speaking Korean, so you know the food is authentic!I love this place for oh so many many reasons lol
I love the bbq and all it side dishes
I love the spicy tuna maki roll
Awesome service
Will recommend to everyoneThe best Korean food I had in Philadelphia so far. Food was spicy and tasted wonderful and the portions sizes were what are expected eating at a Korean restaurant.The best thing ever in philly. If you ever want authentic korean food you have to stop by here. Though it is expensive but its worth it.Best Korean BBQ place in philly. Great food and hospitality. Seafood pancakes are amazing as well as their prime rib BBQAwesome Korean bbq, a place to go out of your way/embark on a long drive for. The meats are fresh, sauces excellent, and we were served the usual selection of complimentary appetizers in small tiny serving bowls.My friends introduced me to this place cause i didn't know my way around here yet but I have seem to notice why my friends have to make a reservation.  I now know why cause no  wonder why they are so packed.  Their foods are really good. I'm glad I came here for my vacation. We had a blast and we will be backBest Kbbq in town! I been going to Seorabol for years and thats the only KBBQ restaurant I'll go to. Also, they got excellent service! Super on POINT! I dream about going to Seorabol everyday.If your looking for the best Korean restaurant., you need to stop by Seorabol Korean Restaurant in Philly. I must say, I have traveled to many different Korean restaurants in America and this is the best Korean restaurant I've ever been to. They use the right amount of spices to create the perfect flavor in every dish. One of my favorite food is Soon Doo Boo Soup (Spicy, tender, juicy, and mouth watering).Went to Seorabol for the first time with my family.  We all enjoyed it.  Everything was good and excellent service.  Definitely will come back!Appreciated the manager who took his time to reach out and rectify the situation. Have been back multiple times now and service has been perfect. Will continue returning!Do not miss a chance to eat delicious Korean food here. Just two of us for lunch & we ordered way too much food but loved every bite. Best kimchi I ever had along with wonderful banchan.
We ordered spicy rice cakes dokbokki, haemul pajeon seafood pancake & a galbi box. The dokbokki were very spicy and perfect.  The pancake was crisp and yummy, and the galbi box was awesome. 
We had a lovely talk with the owners daughter & I said we would be back as soon as possible. Wish I didn't live so far away, but I'll definitely come back.We've come to this spot one other time and it doesn't disappoint!! We love the tabletop bbq and all the banchan they serve you!!! The bulgogi is great!! It is a tad pricey for the qty of actual meat you are given to cook but it's an awesome experience if you've never had korean bbq before!!!The Korean bbq there is everything !!! So good, the little side dishes are always tasty and the marinated meat we get is amazing. We haven't even tried any other Korean bbq place because we are just so happy with this one!I'm never disappointed with Seorabol. My favorite is the jjajangmyeon (black bean noodle). It tastes just as good as the jjajangmyeon I've had in Korea. Even with their limited English, the women servers are friendly and cute. The banchans are always amazing and it's hard not to get full before the actual meal arrives. This is the only place I know to get affordable, delicious Korean food.Been going to this place for over 10yrs. My favorite place for kfood. It changed a bit. I just want to say Go away hipsters and why bts !!!???? But still a good place‍Very good Korean BBQ and Yook Hwe (raw beef with vegtables).
The place was a restaurant of a previous type and the decor is a little worn at the edges.... but the service is good and so is the food.
Highly recommended.I had lunch here today with my hubby. They give you so much food. I ordered beef japchae with vegetables. I also ordered an octopus dish, didn't like too much. I like octopus, but that dish wasn't pleasing to my palate. Hubby ordered the man do soup dumplings soup and shrimp teriyaki. His shrimp teriyaki was very good...we both agreed. He said the dumpling soup was delicious. The dumplings weren't too thick. The meat in the dumplings was good and the broth sooo good. They give you so much Banchan. Bean sprouts (I generally love them, but they didn't have much flavor today, eggplant, some kind of cucumbers, seaweed--I didn't like the taste or texture of the seaweed. I've eaten plenty as far as sushi goes, but I didn't like it the way it was prepared today. You also get spicy kimchi, some dish made with chunks of white potatoes, a dish made with sliced hotdogs--I liked that one, an egg custard topped with sesame seeds--I love custard--only when it's sweet (sigh). I think that's all which is much too much. At 4 stars, I would dine there again. I almost forgot, at the end of the meal we were given an amber colored drink (?). The taste reminded me of ginger and or sassafras. It was ice cold and sweet and good. I should have asked what it was.I came here for lunch as opposed to another nearby Korean restaurant per the recommendation of a Korean friend. The outside looks super sketch, but thankfully the restaurant looks nicer inside *insert pic I forgot to take here*. 
I will preface by saying I recently came back to Philly from the k-town of Atlanta. The side dishes were really good. My favorite one is usually the potato one, and this flavor was more unique than the ones I'm used to in Atlanta! I also liked the pepper green beans and the refreshing salad-like one in the top left of my pic. We were surprised to get a free pancake with our meal...and it was crispy on the outside and soft on the inside (without being soggy)--just how I like mine! The dipping sauce was good, too.
I ordered the kimchi fried rice for my entree. The presentation was cute, but the flavor was pretty plain. I blame it on the kimchi, which I also didn't like of the side dishes. I am willing to come back and try the meat, based on the other reviews I see now as I write this...so till next time!Awesome seafood pancake and Korean BBQ!!! What a yummy place! It's always a long wait but once you sit down it's worth it!!Hands down the best Korean restaurant in the Philadelphia area.
So authentic.  Always satisfying.  And guaranteed food coma afterwards.
Whenever I crave homestyle cooking--this is the place to go.  The side dishes alone are a treat.I worked in a Korean/Japanese restaurant years ago when going to Penn State Main & quickly fell in love with the food & consider myself very knowledgeable about it. When Sam Won Garden closed in Northeast, followed a few years later by Tommy's Ktown BBQ, I was seriously bummed b/c the few other Korean places I went to in CC (which I won't name) were sub par. Tiny portions, high prices & you had to pay separate for 1 or 2 meager serving of side dishes. 
So happy I finally ignored the couple ridiculous & negative Seorabol reviews. While not the best area, it's NOT the "ghetto" & they do NOT "ignore white people," all staff were beyond accommodating & attentive to this white girl! I've been only twice for lunch, my favorite Hwe Dup Bab was huge with plenty of raw fish on top & 8 (yes 8!!!!) side dishes were constantly refilled. All this for under $13! Can't wait to go back again for the Soon Do Boo, Jae Yuk Bookum & of course Dol Sot. Very rarely do I write reviews or make recommendations to everyone I know. Seorabol DEF changed that!I love this place,  great food and great service. Never disappointed with anything I try! 
The meat always tastes fresh and good
The seafood pancake and the spicy squid dish is really good!!Came here for my birthday and it did not disappoint.It was a very different dining experience than  I am used to, as we didn't have one person waiting on us but everyone on staff catered to you, whoever was walking by. Very friendly and attentive! The food is delicious, authentic, and the portions are huge! I now know it's more of a communal style of eating as I saw others getting two dishes to share among groups of 3 and 4, while me and my two sisters each got out our own dish( two different pork dishes and one squid- very tasty), an appetizer, ( pajeon with pork and green onion I believe), and all the great banchan on top was wayyyyyy too much food lol but I just took the rest home. We also got the pomegranate soju... fire water! But good. Definitely recommend, I will be back.Food is great as usual, however this time, we had a very hard working waitress who felt the need to yell across the room consistently and incessantly, which made the experience less pleasant, not only one waitress, but the hostess as well.My family and I have eaten here many times.  We've had lunch, dinner, and we've had sushi catered for a party.
The food is top-notch!  The array of Korean appetizers is more than plentiful, tasty, varied and fresh.  The table-top grilling is authentic and mouth-watering, and they have a great system for getting the smoke out, so it doesn't bother you at all.  The sushi is fabulous, and even skeptics from New York raved about it.
I haven't had a single bad dish.  The menu is huge, and not all of the servers speak English, but you can simply ask for some help and everyone helps.
The main room is lovely, and there are also private rooms for large parties.
For those worried about the neighborhood being less than stellar, they have plentiful parking in their lot, and they have a security guard.I honestly don't know what the fuss about this place is. Maybe it's because of the lack of Korean restaurants in the area, but it's just okay. I went there recently for bbq and I was extremely irritated at the lack of service when grilling the meat. No one cooked the meat for us, and it was up to me and my friend. This would've been fine if that was the usual policy, but I know it's not. The servers should come by and help cook it for you. Literally, my server put the meat on the grill and never came back. Another waiter came by and said, "it's ready." Well, duh? I have been cooking it and watching it myself. Because it was the marinated spicy pork, it has a tendency to burn much quicker than the other meats. I almost waited around for a server to come by and check on us before the meat started to burn but to no avail. Let me also mention that, they were real QUICK to realize all the meat was cooked and someone came over to say "Done" in Korean. They quickly took out the charcoal to conclude our meal. I was extremely disappointed. Three stars because the food tasted decent and the portions were big. However, the service wasn't great. I have yet to find a descent Korean restaurant in the area besides the soondubu specialty places.Very great customer services. We had a Free Pancake with our meal. Great Korean food for a great price.My favorite korean resturant in Philly. Decided to try different dishes on the menu and it was okay. The tofu hot pot was small and not very filling. The beef wasn't good. The meat was touch and such a small portion too. The spicy pork will always be a top pick and the seafood pancake is the best in the city.A lovely Korean restaurant. The only reason why anyone would ever go to the Olney neighborhood of Philadelphia.
I should really expand my palate (and wallet) to be able to try different things on the menu. Of the 10 times that I've been here I ordered the Hae Dup Bab everytime.  I have ordered various sushi pieces, though, and they are tasty and a good value at $1/each
My friend got the Teriyaki Salmon entree one time, which is a great portion and quality but it only includes the fish. No veggies. Just the fish. I, personally, need a well-rounded meal.  Also, stay away from the Shrimp Tempura if you can.  My other friend ordered this dish and it is 75% breading 25% shrimp.  No wonder why each one looks so big.Seorable is the best Korean restaurant in the city. It has become one of my personal favorite restaurants all around.  My history with Seorable started four years ago thanks to the positive Yelp ratings.  In the last four years, I've visited 20 plus times and they still continue to exceed my expectations.  Come hungry, leave full, happy, with left overs and all for a reasonable price.  
The food is always very savory, well-seasoned, perfectly cooked and fresh.  The service is fast, courteous and even at prime times I have never had a long wait to be seated. 
A few of my favorites dishes are:
Sushi Box combination sushi & salad fried rice
Tonkatsu Box fried pork with special sauce served & salad fried rice
Kom Tang or tripe and beef in soup
Rajoki crispy chicken with sweet garlic sauce
Jaeyuk BokumThe company, the food, and the service (thank you so much Clyde! You rock!) was more then I ever expected. A wonderful dinner. Fresh, tasty, absolutely delish . I'll be back...It's been four days, and I'm still thinking of their BBQ! The meat is marinated just right, and it tastes fresh and flavorful! The price is reasonable, not the cheapest, but for the quality of the meat, definitely worth it! We also ordered something else, they were good, but didn't "wow" me.
The service is attentive and friendly. They would help you to cook bbq if needed. The place is nice and clean. Overall, a good dining experience, will go back when craving for authentic Korean food!I went her for my birthday. We had the Korean bbq. We had a few different meats. The experience was great as you actually cook your own meats right at the table. They have the coal grills here so I really like that and they change them out for you as needed. The servers were great and took great care of us. The only thing is that I felt the meat could have been a little more seasoned. But nothing a little salt and pepper and dipping sauces couldn't fix. I would definately like to go back and try the other dishesThis is no understatement, but Seorabol is the BEST KBBQ IN PHILLY!  We came here on a cold January night and were seated immediately.  I opened the huge menu and was so happy to see so many different options. For 3 people, ordered the galbi gui, bulgogi, and the pork belly for bbqing.  Then for sharing , we ordered a dumpling soup, seafood soondubu, and seafood pancake.
After we ordered, the other waiters brought out the charcoal while another one quickly brought out what seemed like 50 side dishes to begin the feast.  Some of my favorites are the charred fish and cooked egg dishes.  Soon enough the meats came out and the waiter helped us cook as our mouths drooled over the deliciously marinated meats.  
Once I took my first bite into the lettuce and galbi combination dipped in the 2 sauces, I knew I was in love and forgot why I had not come back sooner to this place.  
Once we had hit a food coma, the waiter helped us back up our leftovers (Yay for tomorrow!) and brought out some cinnamon tea to help settle our stomachs.  
I cannot wait to be back to this place!Great Experience! Authentic Food and great service. Our waiter was Bryan and he was knowledgeable and gave wonderful recommendations. We had the beef ribs and shrimp fried rice. Both were excellent. Various sides were offered and we like all of them. Watch out for the very hot hot jalapeños. Miso soup was good and kimchi was nice and spicy how I like it.Oh my gosh the food here was so good. I ordered way more than I could eat but had no regrets. The venue is really nice, the service terrific, and overall it's probably my favorite Korean place in Philly.the rainbow roll taste very, despite being a local korean restaurant. I thought they would taste bad but I was wrong. They made a great sushi and sashimi. the marinated BBQ steak was amazing, even the ribs.This was my first time having Korean BBQ. I am very please and will definitely be back!
I went for lunch. The waiter was very helpful in helping us select a meal. They give you SO MUCH food that I had lunch for the next day as well.
Everything was super yummy. The prices are great. There's free parking. All great. I highly recommend. It's only about 15 minutes outside of Center City Philadelphia (not during rush hour).Simply great Korean food, prepared and served by people who take pride in what they do! Do not be deterred by the out-if-the-way location - a meal here is well worth the trip.  The bulgolgi was excellent, the banchan were plentiful, varied, and delicious, and everything served was fresh and tasty. 
We were the only Non-Asians in the restaurant, which was filled mostly with Korean-speakers.  Our server ensured that we felt comfortable and answered all of our questions about the food, and was clearly pleased to be sharing a small part of his culture and helping guide us through our meal.I got the salmon sushi, for 4.95 you get 4 really decent sized sashimi pieces. I also got the hwe dup bap (around $14) ( steamed rice mixed with sliced or cubed saengseon hoe (raw fish- basically sashimi), various vegetables such as lettuce, cucumber and sesame leaves, sesame oil, and chogochujang (a sauce made from vinegar, gochujang, and sugar).
 TLDR: veggies topped with sashimi and korean red sauce
The price was pretty fair for the quality. I'd come back! There aren't many good korean restuarants in Philly and I think this is one of them. It's in north philly though so kind of need a car if you live in the city. 
Service is friendly and fast.My first true journey into Korean BBQ did not disappoint thanks to this place. I was intrigued by all the accompanying sides which featured flavorful variety. If you are a rookie like I was, I would suggest going with someone who is familiar with the food and experience. My one concern was that our waiter was not quite attentive to the BBQ cooking and some of food was over cooked. Overall though a really great experienceChinese tested, Korean Approved!
=======
This place is kinda painful to get to... You have to drive through a ginormous swath of Filthy-delphia to get here.  But trust me, it's worth it.  
Highs
***Jaeyuk bokum (stir fried pork dish!)***
Chapchae (the side dishes)
Bibimbap
All sorts of BBQ, you can't go wrong.  We ordered the old standby of bulgogi and kalbi.  They do a decent job of marinating the meats in their secret blend of (pear juice and soy sauce - there, I said it. Now you know the secret).
Soju
Airplane-style call bells
Lows
It's in KilladelphiaWhen I go to a Korean BBQ restaurant, Galbi (beef rib) is always my only and true love:)  
Tried Seorabol last Saturday, the Galbi is very tasty, juicy and fresh. Lettuce  come with it is fresh too.  And they HAS the CHARCOAL!  Charcoal is the reason that bring us in. Tasty Galbi+DIY Charcoal=a perfect meal.   
Two orders of Galbi is pretty enough for two of us.  And the waiter we had is very helpful and we like him. 
but, the soybean paste is a little salty. Hope it will change or offer a less sodium option. Thank you.I came a here a couple of times but I didn't get a taste how amazing their food was until recently! It was a friends birthday and my group of friends decided to take him out. We went full out on this meal. 
We ordered the bbq pork, galbi, sudobo, and another soup dish. The galbi was marinated to perfection. Each bite was juicy, soft, tender and cooked beautifully. It is officially my favorite dish here. My friends and I loved it so much that we ordered 3 dishes of it. I'm not a fan of pork usually but eating pork here was like eating bacon. Try some, you won't regret it. The staff did a wonderful job of cooking the meats for us. They provided a variety of different Sauces and lettuce for us to eat with the meat. Sudobo is my favorite Korean dish so I order it everywhere I go that has it. It was one of the best I have had so far. I recommend this place to anyone who's willing to splurge on food!
Tl;dr version: Expensive but mouth watering good!I have been going to this restaurant since i was a kid. although it was in a different location when i was a kid the chef/owner moved to the bigger location but still the great food, When im in the mood for great korean food this is the place i always go. from traditional moms cooking to dishes that my mom refuses to make cause its too complicated or takes too long to make. this restaurant never seems to disappoint!So I went in there today for the first time with two of my co-workers that had never tried Korean food. I was trying to introduce them to some of my favorites. So I get in there and the place looks fairly nice. I order for us starting with some kalbi, bokumbap, and jajangmyeon. The appetizers come and we're enjoying. Then the meals come out.... Most of the food was ok. My co-workers shared one of the jajangmyeons and didn't seem to like it much. The second one was for the other co-worker but since she tried some from the first friend, she said she didn't want it. So I figure I love jajangmyeon so I would eat it and take the rest home. Towards the end of the meal, I finished my bokumbap and kalbi so I grabbed the untouched jajangmyeon. I was trying to figure out how my co-workers didn't like jajangmyeon --- it was one of my favorites growing up. I literally take one bite of it and notice there is a weird smell and aftertaste. I let the waiter know and his initial response was that since I already ate some of it, there was nothing I could do. I questioned how else would I know I didn't like it, and on top of that, I literally took one bite. 
He goes and speaks to his manager/owner and comes back and says there's not much he can do. Without making a fuss, I reluctantly agreed and followed him to pay with my card. Once my card was swiped and I already paid, the manager/owner (not sure who she was) comes over with a very demeaning/antagonizing attitude questioning what the problem was. I explained the situation and her initial response is that they don't specialize in jajangmyeon so I might want to go somewhere else for that. I acknowledged I had already been feeling that way prior to her coming over. Then she kept implying that I was just trying to get out of paying for a jajangmyeon, also questioning why I waited until the end of the meal. I wasn't alone in catching that vibe, as both of my co-workers confirmed they had the same notion once we had left. A $10 dish on a nearly $80 bill doesn't hurt me at all. Plus, I was actually excited to have leftovers for the next day considering I love jajangmyeon (usually) but that didn't turn out well. Lastly, I don't know if they were being spiteful because my complaint but they also didn't offer a desert like majority of Korean food restaurants offer at the end of the meal. We were ready to leave an adequate tip for the waiter, but after that experience I told my co-workers to take it (I picked up the check and I told them to get the tip) because we're never going back there again. Even if that manager/owner lady had not approached us in such a belittling manner, I would have returned and just not ordered the jajangmyeon. I also wouldn't have told my co-workers to pick up there tip. 
It's unfortunate some places don't realize that whether they are a food, clothing, electronics, etc. business customer service comes first. That type of treatment was completely uncalled for and making false implications and following it up with blaming me for ordering a food on their menu since they are a Korean/Japanese restaurant rather than a Korean/Chinese restaurant is completely unacceptable. Neer again. Will continue looking for good Korean food.All of the food is super good. But the service not so good. They are capable of serving large groups in seperate rooms, which was super nice for a reunion with friends.I've been eyeing this place on ubereats for month and finally caved in to order from here. I ordered the bulgogi with a side of white rice. Everything was packaged so nicely for a delivery order. The food was pretty good, specifically the beef was tasty and tender. However, the bowl of sides that came with the beef was bordering questionable. The carrots had very very dark moldy looking spots on it and so did the cauliflower, so for that reason, I didn't eat any of the sides which is over half the dish. I'm not sure if the vegetables were old or not but they definitely didn't look appetizing to eat. I don't like to question the integrity of my vegetables.Love the food here. Especially the Kimchi Jaeyuk Bokum under the special dishes. Whenever I come here, this is really the only dish I ever order.  The other food they have is delicious, I'm sure, but this is likely the best korean dish I've had in Philly.
It's stir fried pork belly with kimchi and soft tofu on a huge wooden platter. Because they're cooked together, the kimchi retains the fat and flavor from the pork (albeit cleaner taste than it sounds). I don't eat tofu (I read a book once), but it works very well in this. My friends and I ordered more of the pork after finishing what our initial order came with... you are what you eat.
I'll add a picture the next time I drop by.Great customer service, unique style, decent food, smell of BBQ flooded the restaurant which was great! It was a great place to go with my family. It was very crowded and congested during peak hours but absolutely worth it!Came here few days ago and I really liked the service and food. I wanted to have good Korean BBQ in Philly and I can say that I didn't waste my time coming to this restaurant after reading the reviews on Yelp. I ordered galbi, samgyupsal and kimchijiggae. Would totally recommend people to come here!I wanted to write another review because we had a large group gathering in one of their private rooms. We did a buffet style and it was amazing! The food was presented very well and the food was, as always, delicious. We all left more than full. THANK YOU SEORABOL FOR THE GREAT SERVICE!This is authentic Korean restaurant. Waiters were so helpful and the sashimi was delicious and freshFirst time was for a friend's birthday and we reserved a table for the KBBQ and it wasn't bad at all. Kind of crowded when we went but delicious. The place is wonderfully set up, very comfortable and clean. I live around the area and always wanted to try it so I'm sure I will be back. We ordered a lot of food, but will try other things next time.This place is a neat lil Korean restaurant with a familial touch; from the friendly cashier to the wait staff and even the young general manager. Very authentic food and hospitality. The wait for a bbq tabletop without reservations was about 40 mins on a saturday night. However, since we had been waiting for so long, the GM gave us complimentary seafood pancake! The bulgolgi was delicious and well seasoned. The spicy pork bbq was not too spicy and had a generous portion. All of the side dishes were the best because they do not skimp! These were seriously large side dishes! I was extremely satisfied and will be coming again!
This is definitely THE bbq place to go around philly.This was our first time there and the service was good!
Korean BBQ was delicious! Everyone was so friendly the environment was good! I'm glad we choose this place to eat! I can't wait to try the rest of the dishes on the menu!
This place is a definite must try! They also served us fresh watermelon that was cut into arrows or shall I say it looked like a Xmas tree! Lol it was refreshing and sweet!Seorabol is one of those little shopping strip Asian restaurants hidden in plain sight. The address is Old 2nd Street but the restaurant itself is perpendicular to the street the last in a cluster of the little strip dominated by a Laundromat. The staff was very pleasant but their English was almost non-existent. The language barrier was the restaurants only drawback. While I do not expect that Koreans in their own neighborhood in their own restaurant should speak English I was very much hoping to have someone who might explain the menu, make suggestions and guide us through our meal
The little experience I had with Korean dining prompted me to ask for the traditional Korean barbecue, called bulgogi, as our main course. We also thought we would like a soup. But would soup be a normal start for a Korean dinner? Eventually the server suggested the "haemool jungol," a hot pot of assorted seafood. Whether or not the soup was appropriate with the barbecue I don't know. 
A server delivered a large pitcher of hot barley water to our table: an interesting surprise and better than Chinese green tea. Another server appeared and covered the table with a wonderful array of side dishes. At each end of the table she set a towering dish of lush green lettuce leaves.
Moments later another server approached with a brazier of flaming coals that she dexterously lowered into a metal well in the center of our table. At the same time another server appeared with a propane burner mounted with a broad pan mounded with all varieties of seafood. They were serving us both dishes at the same time. 
While one server went ahead adding the beautifully marinated strip s of beef to the sides of the sputtering brazier, the other server turned the clams and shrimp and fish into the seething broth on her little burner. The soup finished first. The soup server ladled out our individual bowls. The steaming golden rust colored broth announced its source of octopus and clam, fish and shrimp. Thick velvet noodles crowned with small squares of creamy tofu nested in the base of the bowl.  The fragrance intoxicated. My head bends to meet the bowl as I lift it to my mouth. The broad Korean spoon gently passes the delicate broth to my waiting mouth. I switch to the chops sticks to deliver the shrimp and fish. All around me is silent. No one speaks. We are all bewitched by this Korean alchemy of the sea. The textures and flavors turn on the tongue like the interlocking patterns of a kaleidoscope turn on the eye. Another image catches the corner of my bowl-cast eye: the sight of the beef turning to a rich caramelized brown on its smoking griddle. 
The server was now taking the finished beef and dispersing it onto our individual plates. In something of a nervous confusion I think, "Do I have to stop this soup now so that I can get to the beef?" The two dishes at the same time were a dining dilemma. 
Tempted by the sight of the beef, I finished my bowl of soup on the spot. I turned to the bulgogi. Without words in English but by pointing our server indicated how we should take the lettuce leaf, layer it with the beef, some sauce, some garlic , some rice and some garnish roll it all inside the lettuce leaf and send it to its purpose. The first bite: a crisp and green leaf gives way to spicy jalapeno and deep garlic, rich and dense rice, tender and charcoal hazed sweet beef. The smoke of the brazier lingers on the thin beef slices in counterpoint to the rice and lettuce. Korean barbecue sings with a fresh and clean voice that opens the taste experience to subtle yet rich flavors and textures all playing simultaneously on the tongue. 
After clearing our table, the server brought us little glass bowls of a cold golden brown liquid with a syrup-like appearance. She gestured for us to drink: cinnamon! The little glass cup held cinnamon and sugar in very cold water. It was time to reckon the bill. Korean food asks its worth.  Our bill was just over $100 for the barbecue and the soup. Expect to pay double what you might expect at a Chinese or Vietnamese restaurant.
Seorabol merits a pilgrimage for any interested in quality Korean foods. The garden of side dishes opened eyes and tongue. The soup and barbecue satisfied immensely. During our dinner no one spoke. My face was buried in my bowl. My glasses were speckled with the splashes of the soup. My fingers slipped against each other as they cradled the sweet beef into leafy green rolls of crisp lettuce. My white paper placemat illustrated with adverts for local Korean businesses was splattered with all the elemental traces of our dinner. Napkins were worn to shreds within moments. This was a dinner of complete engagement. We may have been ill-informed Americans who made cultural dining errors but they were culinary delights. What I can say is that the food at Seorabol took us to a new world that awaits further exploration.If you are not Korean and do not know the authentic food, everything might be ok with this place. But if you are Korean or you have some ideas about Korean cuisine, you will (must!) be disappointed like me. They trick you with cheap ingredients! Please do not tell me that is what every restaurant does.
We ordered few catering dishes last Saturday for family party and I found the food was made very cheap!  Five colored pancake () is supposed to be made with different vegetables--one crab cake each!! but they made with three lines of crab cakes to fake it. I hate this!! They even asked me extra money for this dish!! It was a big mistake that my American husband picked up the food!
Watch out!! They take advantage of people who do no have experiences with authentic and very good quality of Korean food!The server Clyde was awesome! He worked very hard to serve us and explain the menu as it was our first time. He even helped us to cook our food! The food was awesome and had a great flavor. There were only two things that could make it better. One of them is that once the restaurant got really busy, we had to wait long periods of time for drinks. Second, there weren't many veggies served with the meal. It was mostly meat, we wished there were some fresh veggies to BBQ.I've been to several korean restaurants in Pa, NJ, Del, & NYC; Seorabol is the best for authentic Korean food-hands down!!! Their kalbi and bulgogi are some of the best (along with my emmo's) I've ever had. Tons of wonderful panchon, nice atmosphere, great service, and prices are very reasonable. I would say to anyone, anywhere, there is no question that Seorabol is the best place to get incredible, delicious, authentic Korean food.So glad I came , great food, great service so worth the trip ,definite looking forward to coming back again, I highly recommend this place for anyone who's never tried Korean BBQ and is looking for a new and unique experience, bring your friends and family and make a moment you won't regret it.Since moving to Philadelphia from Atlanta, I've made it a personal mission to scout the Korean restaurants in the area.  Not just to help recommend good places, but also because my Korean food cravings need to be fulfilled every so often. Thus far, I've been extremely disappointed with what I've found in Philly, but Seorabol restaurant has officially made my cut.
I'm particularly harsh when reviewing Korean restaurants, especially when I see Yelp reviews from a lot of people who don't know Korean food.  
The overview:
Good quantity, still pretty pricey, good service, great side dishes, a little far away.
What do people really care about here? The Korean BBQ.  The prices (as of july 2014) were $19 for the "cheap" meats (samgyupsal, pork, chicken), and $27-30 for the galbi.  When I saw the menu, I was a little turned off by those prices, but I can happily say that they do give you a very decent quantity.  You have to order two BBQ items minimum, but two orders are enough for 3 people.  I would recommend going with at least 3 people, because you will be ridiculously full if you try BBQ with only two at this place.
After 4 beers, 2 BBQ orders (including 1 with Naeng-myun), my bill + tip came to $75-80.  Split that three ways and it's a reasonable $25 per person.  For Korean BBQ, that's pretty decent (in American prices).
The food itself was very good.  The galbi (non-marinated) was high quality, and the spicy pork came in a HUGE quantity, and was just ok.  The combo naeng-myun was just ok.  I won't dock too many points for this, because I have never found a Korean restaurant in america that makes good naeng-myun.  If ANYBODY knows of one, please let me know.
The side dishes were varied and of good quality.  I was pleasantly surprised by the choices and the quality of each dish.  Major props here.
One very surprising thing here is that the service is actually good! I am unfortunately used to atrocious service in Korean restaurants, and find it to sadly be the norm.  Here, the waiters/waitresses are pretty attentive! Non-koreans should note that they will not go out of their way to check up on you (as in American restaurants), but they do NOT ignore you here! I found that any time I needed something, I turned my head slightly and immediately found someone who ran over and got me what I needed.
This is definitely a place I'll hit up more often, but I can't give it 5 stars because it is still a bit pricey, and it's a good 25 minutes from Center City.  I'm just really glad I found something!Very positive BBQ experience. Reservations were easy to make and they let us sit down before our whole group came in. The waitresses were all middle aged Korean women who are the best ever. Its like having your mom take care of you during dinner. We ordered galbi and bulgogi for the grill, seafood hot pot, chap chae, kimchi pah geun and tempura shrimp. Everything came out quick and everyone was very happy with their meal. It was everyone's first time for the most part and they rated it as a positive experience, all the way to the tasty tea at the end of the meal. Its exactly what I expected from a KBBQ. 
The -1 of a star is due to portion sizes of the meat for the grill. I'm quite picky about that since they are usually $20-$25 a person and they were lacking a bit in this area.When we drove in last Saturday, it didn't take long to immediately recognize how out of the way this place is. Despite that, it looked busy and business seemed like it was booming. We had a reservation and our group of 5 was quickly seated and approached with a large variety of sides. Unfortunately, due to some slight under staffing, it had been a while until we were approached again. This a was pretty negligible offense because the customer service was so friendly (they even comp'd us a seafood pancake) and it gave us some time to nibble on all of the sides.
I'm kind of a Korean cuisine newbie, but it was really super yummy Korean barbecue. We ordered Galbi and pork belly. The Galbi was just amazingly delicious. Definitely a must get. The pork belly was also good and came with a sesame oil for dipping which complimented it very well.  However, I will probably try something instead of the pork belly next time. Honestly, it was tough to compete with the Galbi. My favorite dish, however, was the seafood pancake which was absolutely delicious and scallion-riffic. My two favorite things are onions and seafood so this was pretty much food nirvana for me.
After leaving I was told this was the same place we had an amazing sampling from a yelp event a few months ago. I remember eating the dish "Rajoki" and and falling in love with the crispiness and sweetness. Next time, I will definitely be back for that. Also, probably the stone bowl bibimbap too.
Basically, the food was great, Korean barbecue experience is interactive and unique, the service is friendly and is a nice break from all the usual food places in the city. you should probably come out here and give Seorabol a whirl.Had dinner at Seorabol a few months ago. The food was okay but nothing exceptional. One thing I usually love about Korean food is the vivid flavours, but a lot of the food we had here seemed on the bland and boring side.
1. Soondobu tofu stew with clams, squid, shrimp - not bad, but not super flavourful.
2. Korean seafood pancake was crispy, nice. This was free with a coupon.
3. BBQ Spicy galbi - this was disappointing. Meat was very thin, not succulent, not very flavourful at all.
4. BBQ Pork belly - plain in terms of flavour, chewy and tough in terms of texture. I wouldn't get this again. 
5. Ban chan (side dishes) - there was a nice variety of dishes, some were interesting and different from the usual.
6. Sweet cinnamon tea was given at the end of the meal - very sweet and refreshing.
Service was very friendly. My only issue is that the waiter misrepresented the serving sizes as being smaller than they are, so that we ordered way more food than needed.
Between 2-3 stars. Food-wise, I've experienced better (2 stars) but not so far in Philly, so this might be a 3 star spot in Philly.Change for the worse....
My family has been coming here for decades (20+ years) and have noticed some changes over the past several months. The most noticeable is their wait staff: younger & inexperienced. But what will probably make today my final visit is the food. I ordered my usual hwedupbop, which is a dish consisting of rice, cubes of raw fish, fresh vegetables & spicy red sauce. The sauce today was too sweet and a bit thicker than usual. After mixing all the elements, I noticed that something tasted off - after taking several bites, I finally figured out the minced green chili went bad. I alerted the waiter who later brought out a small dish containing a mix of minced garlic and chili, telling me that what I smelled was raw garlic and that nothing was wrong with the chili. His first mistake-never tell a customer they are wrong, at least not to their face. Second, understand your customer base: A Korean woman dining with her children knows a thing or two about cooking, meaning she knows how to differentiate raw garlic and spoiled chili pepper. Seeing that I only took 3 to 4 bites of my dish, they took it off the bill, but the staff trying to rationalize their mistake by talking to me like a food illiterate, totally turned me off. 
Another major change to note, especially to families with younger children: They now charge for miso soup ($3), which was, not too long ago, complimentary. I normally ask for miso soup and rice to come out first for the kids. 3 of the dishes I ordered come with miso soup. They charged me for the first 3 I asked for and brought out 3 additional soups when the dishes came out. They took back the extra soups, but when I saw the bill...man, they ripped me off! Because of the not-so-pleasant exchange about the above mentioned dish, I didn't bother arguing over the unexpected charge ($9). Diner beware!My cousins brought me here on my first night in Philly. Bibimbop was the perfect sure for a dark and stormy night. Speaking of which, the bibimbop was the real deal. My cousin ordered a giant platter of sushi and, to my surprise, it was delicious! It's not the best sushi I've ever tasted, but it was fresh and proportions were generous--they didn't cram a giant ball of rice under a small sliver of fish.
The miso soup doesn't come with soup spoons. Here's the correct way to drink it: 1) stir with chopsticks and 2) sip from bowl.What is it that Cookie Monster says? NOM NOM NOM NOM.  That's pretty much how I feel about this gem of a restaurant.
In the summer of 2007, I worked for a Korean immigration law firm in Northeast Philly, and my boss would take me to lunches at Seo Ra Bol.  The Soon Du Bu was *chock full* of seafood and covered in the spicy red broth that I love so.  The Jap Chae was perfectly seasoned and mixed with the right amount of veggies.  And the Galbi BBQ?  Divine.
I made my return to Seo Ra Bol this past Friday, and was delighted to find that nothing has changed.  The food is still authentic, delicious and served in ample portions.  I only wish that this place was in Center City, but then, of course, I might never eat anywhere else.I would like to thank one of the owners Chris for actually trying speaking to me and apologizing for the bad service i had recieved there, Thats a good business owner.  Now we all agree that the food there is very delicious i guess that the downfall was the waitresses.. I will be giving them another try sometime soon. Hope it all works out well for them.