I thought long and hard about giving this either four or five stars for the meal we had last night. It's official - it's a five. Immediately we were greeted by super friendly hosts, seated in great chef's counter spots, and introduced to a knowledgable and kind waiter. We were able to watch the food get expedited, and the process ran so smoothly. Honestly, this is what Philly dining is all about to me. Great food, done really well on a consistent basis, and I'm so lucky to be surrounded by so many restaurants of such high quality.
The menu seemed to have a very Japanese/Korean flair to it. The highlights of our evening were the brussel sprout tartine, the corn ravioli, and the duck breast entree. The duck was cooked perfectly, but it was paired with cold and slightly hard potatoes...not sure if that was on purpose?
We also tried one of the Ramen dishes, the one with pork belly in it, and although it was extremely savory and smoky, it was also very filling and left us way too stuffed to try anything else. We ended up taking some food home with us. I would love to come back here because I got to see almost every dish while sitting at the counter, and it all looked flawless and exciting. Serpico just has a really great dining experience - the end.Tonight my wife and I had the tasting menu at Serpico. It had ten off-menu courses for $85 a person.
This meal was completely worth every penny. The dishes were intricate and unique, but completely approachable. I found myself surprised more than once by how much I enjoyed an ingredient that I had previously thought of as intimidating.
We sat at the chef counter, a choice that made the evening. Watching the staff work together in such a cooperative and composed manner was such a unique experience. It made the complex nature of the dishes even more impressive.
This was truly one of the best dinners that I have ever had. I would recommend this meal to anyone.We had a reservation for Opening Night at Serpico and we were very impressed with the space, the food, and the service.  We were able to score 2 seats at the Chef's Counter which is always a plus.  I really like that the kitchen is visible because it just gives you something else to talk about and watch.  You can definitely tell that there are Momofuku inspirations here and that is to be expected.  We started off with drinks, I got the South Street Sour which was wonderfully made and I ended up having more than 1.  We ended up ordering a total of 8 dishes including dessert and we were really full by the end of the meal.  We just wanted to make sure that we tried as much as possible.  2 plates at a time were served to us and we were given enough time between the courses to just talk with each other and enjoy ourselves.  We started off with the Market Ceviche and the Fluke Crudo which were both very good, but the crudo was definitely stellar with the jalapeno infused olive oil.  Next we got the Deep Fried Duck Leg Sandwich and the Hand Torn Pasta.  This is tough because both were unbelievably tasty but the duck leg sandwich was just out of this world.  Next we got the Waygu flap that was deep fried and the Caper Brined Trout.  Again both of these were very very tasty but if I had to pick a winner it was the trout.  The trout was cooked absolutely perfectly and came with a potato risotto which was a perfect pairing for the dish.  We ended the meal with the Toasted Apple Cake and the Rocky Road dessert.  Both were spectacular and had some really cool texture plays (freeze dried apples) and I liked them equally so it's hard to pick a winner.  For being rated $$$$ on Open Table and on Yelp, we didn't think that the prices were all that bad for what you got.  You will need to order 2-3 dishes though so just be prepared for that.  We will definitely be back soon once Serpico gets a little bit more mature and I can't wait for them to start offering specials and also this fall when they switch up the menu a bit.  
This is a must-go now in Philly.An update has been overdue for a while, considering how often I stop by. I admit, I have spent far more money than I likely should have, but every time I stop by I never, ever, seem to regret the decision. It's really been something how they have slowly changed over the past nine or so months. They are constantly tweaking and experimenting, and there is often a special or two that is so good that it gets worked on the the menu.
I will repeat something I said in my last review: Peter Serpico is a shining example of a Modernist Chef. There are no dishes that will poke your eye out, no insane liquid nitrogen going off. The application of technology and complexity is subtler. The components on the plate aren't there to look pretty (though the presentations are beautiful), they are there because they should all be eaten at the same time because all of those flavors have been carefully selected to go together.
In approximately 8-10 visits I have yet to have a bad dish, though some are certainly better than others. The raw fluke, cobia and yellowfin tartare, duck liver mousse, dashi soup, fried duck leg and (the recently removed) hand torn pasta are all repeat favorites, and I tend to get one as a standby while I try something new. Portions are small, and you need to be willing to lay down some cash when you get here, but I enjoy being able to try many things and not walk away feeling bloated.
I love the atmosphere. It's proof that you can be high quality without being pretentious and stuffy, and the decorations are free of buillshit. The place looks clean and ordered without ornate wall art, or glittering china. Plates are simple but umblemished ceramic. Menus are written on the board in chalk, as are notes for the kitchen. The tables and chef's counter are dark wood, and while immaculately clean with sharp edges, it feels like a place where you can loosen a tie and put your elbows up on a counter and get about the serious task of enjoying, really enjoying food.
The staff recognizes regulars (at least I am when showing up every 6-8 weeks) and they are rewarded with insightful advice on specials, underappreciated menu items and . The bartenders respond well to the challenge of "Make me something different" and they have a small, but tasty, selection of excellent signature cocktails that run you about the cost a standard cocktail in center city. 
I'm happy with what I have seen, and I look forward to seeing more.Well I've been to the promised land...and it was good.  Attention from staff, which is a Starr detail...was excellent as it is in all his places...decor was interesting...urban hip I suppose.  We sat at the counter that surrounds the kitchen on a lark.  My diver scallops were excellent...never had raw scallops before and was a bit leery...but they were worth it...tasty little bites with an excellent light white sauce.  My wife's tomato and beans salad was nice and crispy with just a bit of a bite to it.  Next for me was the wagyu chuck cooked perfectly...the mustard sauce was a surprisingly good touch and the fried potatoes, while verging on tater totism were good nonetheless...my wife's  corn ravioli and sauce were excellent also...dessert for me was the toasted applecake covered with carmalized brown suger and a dollop of ice cream...wife had the goat cheese sorbet...the score...appertizer and dessert me...entree was tied...holding back on the 5th star till the next time we go...bravo chef serpico, bravo!This was a really delightful meal all around.  Out of the the 18 dishes on the menu, we tried 14 between the 3 of us (a bit ridiculous it may sound but we were celebrating!).  Of those 14, 4 of them I am still dreaming out, even more of those, I would order again and only 1 that was mediocre at best.
Dream-worthy:
Raw divers scallops - it was almost a take on ranch dressing and hamachi but fancier
Pig head - served with this burnt onion tapenade which I could literally put on anything
Liver mousse - great texture and just the right portion
egg custard and cavier - probably my favorite dish; rich but light and the cavier and crisp potatoes added a dynamic texture
Repeat offenders:
Duck leg - loved the authenticity of serving it on a potato roll; takes some balls to do this
corn ravioli - this felt like Mexican street food and i loved how rustic it was
seasonal vegetables - could have eaten piles of it and just thought it was well dressed and fresh
The plating was beautiful and the service was great.  I loved how the sous chefs and line cooks were tasked with dropping plates at the table.  Seeing them float throughout the dining room during a busy service spoke to their style and how they operate in the kitchen.  
The duck breast was our last entree, served alongside the wagyu chuck flap.  The duck was just okay.  The carrots were mush and it was the only plate that went back with food on it.  The chuck was tasty but didn't blow me away.
Overall, I would go back and perhaps try the tasting menu and some of the other courses.  Oh and the dessert was BANGIN.  Loved the apple cake; talk about an ethereal twist on an American classic.  The fois gras was inventive and texture-wise, really different but ultimately it tasted like a PB&J sandwich.  Was that Serpico's intention?  Just might have been...This probably makes my top 10 meals in Philly list.  My husband and I shared 5 plates, which was the perfect amount of food, and everything was delicious.  The waitstaff were helpful with choosing our dishes, and I liked that they explained what was in each one again as they came out to the table.Had a truly spectacular meal at Serpico last night. First we were seated at the kitchen counter right in front of the spot where they finish every dish and put them out for servers. We could not have had a better vantage point and it was fun to watch Peter Serpico right in front of us cooking and running the kitchen the whole time we were there. 
We decided to splurge and get the tasting menu. It was awesome. Ten courses nicely spaced over about 2 1/2 - 2 3/4 hours. The food was all great, but I would have to say that the stand outs for me were:
- The raw scallops - I don't think I have ever tasted anything quite like this. It was truly awesome. 
- The lamb ribs were great. 
- The trout was really good, but perhaps the best part about it was that it was such an unusual dish. Trout on a bed of shaved apples in a smoked potato broth (that was perfectly clear) topped with fresh shaved horseradish. 
- The rocky road dessert was amazing. 
Just because I had read so much about the Cope's Corn Ravioli on yelp, we actually added that on as well. Given the volume of food that may have been a mistake, but the dish was great and was quite an explosion of flavor. 
I am definitely looking forward to going back.If each of my dishes got into a taste fight (Is that a real thing?  If not it should be.), the winner of the evening would have been the deep fried duck leg. AHHHHMAZING!  Just a hunch, but I think it was Peter Serpico's shout out/tribute to the Momofuku pork bun.  If it was, it was on par with it.
However, in this taste fight, the duck leg would have definitely gone into overtime with the applecake.  My sweet tooth was such a happy girl after finishing my meal with this decadent plate of tastiness.
Everything else we ordered - dashi soup, seasonal vegetables, hand torn pasta and raw fluke all washed down with a Uinta IPA - was also very good, but the above two dishes rose to the top.
If I had to offer one small piece of advice/constructive criticism, it would be that they didn't really acknowledge our anniversary.  We were celebrating 7 years and for the occasion we ordered 7 menu items (super cute, right?).  I mentioned this to the waitress and I think also put it in my OpenTable reso.  While I didn't expect a ridiculous TGIFriday jingle, some sort of note on our receipt or well wish from Peter Serpico when he delivered our entrees would have been over the top amazing for us.  Maybe I'm expecting too much?  But as someone who has a mag subscription to Lucky Peach, eats something from the Momofuku family of restaurants nearly every time I'm in New York and read about the planning, opening and first few months of this restaurant eagerly awaiting a special enough occasion to taste the food of Dave Chang's former right-hand man, I was a little sad.  
But other than that, the service was great and everyone was very friendly and helpful.We absolutely loved our experience here and would definitely recommend dining here!
The server was well versed in the menu and was able to discuss what dishes went well together and were not to be missed. He was very attentive throughout the entire meal. 
Tataki: This is normally waygu but that day they were serving a different cut of aged beef. Still amazing. The meat was very fresh and was wonderfully complimented with pickled and spicy horseradish notes.
Raw Scallops: My favorite dish! The raw scallops were so delightfully sweet and tender uniquely complimented by chive oil and buttermilk which reminded me of scallion cream cheese but didn't overpower the scallop. 
Egg with Caviar: My favorite mushroom! (cauliflower mushroom) in a rich broth with the lightest egg custard covered in crunchy bits and caviar. Very unique dish that I would definitely recommend.
Mac & Cheese: My partners favorite dish! Homemade hand torn noodles which were the perfect texture covered by one of the creamiest and rich cheese sauces with a touch of paprika to add some mild spice.
Black truffle ramen: Another wonderfully textured noodle with a rich broth and smothered in black truffles.Tough to give 5 stars, but this place comes the closest.  Was there about a week back and had the fluke, egg custard, duck leg, corn ravioli, trout, wagu beef, and the foie gras (dessert). I gotta say, one of the best meals I've had in Philly since I went to Vetri. Tough to explain each dish, but this is one of the best Chefs around anywhere, let alone Philly.Simply stated, it is my favorite restaurant in Philadelphia. I've done a la carte twice and really enjoyed what Peter Serpico does with the dishes. I especially loved the hints of Asian flavors that he incorporates. I've yet to try the tasting menu because I was late last time (I think it's before 10pm or an hour before closing), but I'm looking forward to trying it. If you're a party of two, definitely sit at the chef's counter.
So far, I've tried the Winter and Spring menu and there were only slight modifications to them. The must try dishes for me are the Raw Diver Scallops, Deep Fried Duck Legs, Slow Roasted Swordfish, Beef Short Ribs and the Lamb Ribs. The Oxtail Soup was pretty good too if that's something that you're into. In terms of number of dishes to order, 1-2 smaller plates per person and one larger plate per person sounds about right. 6 plates total (4 small, 2 large) for two people will be a large amount of food but it's great if you want to try more things. 
For dessert, the coffee was great and you cannot try Serpico without getting the Toasted Apple Cake. A warm, soft apple cake with some vanilla ice cream on the side. Absolutely delicious. 
I'm looking forward to going back a third time, hopefully early enough this time, to try the chef's tasting menu. You pretty much can't go wrong with ordering anything here.My husband and I are from NY and we were in Philly for our anniversary.  I researched a few restaurants for our trip and after reading the rave reviews, decided on giving Serpico a shot.  Overall the experience was mediocre at best.   The waitress was not attentive at all and barely cracked a smile the entire time.  We were never asked to refill our drinks or even our water.  The food was only ok and some asian inspired dishes were totally oriented towards people who don't eat asian foods.  (I'm chinese and my husband is caucasion so we eat a very diverse palate of food).  The only redeeming qualities would be the decor, location, and the free glasses of champagne they sent us for our anniversary (i put a note when I booked with Opentable.com).  Otherwise it was a rather disappointing experience for the overly priced bill at the end of the night.This place will be number one on the best of philly, hands down. I cannot think of one dish that did not blow me away. First off, you definitely need s reservation and valet parking is available for $16.00. When you walk in; its a very quaint rustic environment with very friendly and casually dressed waiters/waitresses. We sat at the bar and literally watched the cooks do their work - it was amazing to see how the kitchen works and how they put together these meals. My husband and I did more of a tapas menu and picked a bunch of small dishes. We started with the fresh uni special, tartar, foie gras and scallops all better than the other. The taste in each dish was absolutely phenomenal. For the slightly larger courses I did the ravioli and my husband did the duck sandwich. All I can say is - they were both so flavorful that I ended up ordering his dish and he ordered mine after we finished it ourselves. To top off the night, we had the Rocky road ice cream. Overall, this restaurant is bound to be number one. The service is amazing - the food "out of this world" - and the price just right. I wish I had taken pictures of the food but it looked so good I could not wait to eat it!!!!The food at Serpico is gorgeous. Easily one of the top restaurants in the city. The room is a temple to food with a large open performance kitchen where you can pray to the chefs preparing the offerings of the day. Each dish was spectacular. Perhaps our favorite was the fried duck leg presented as a sandwich of sorts. The duck breast is one of the most tender flavorful I've ever had. Also of note was the short ribs and a special dish, an egg custard with truffle. Everything was beautifully plated. Service was attentive and helpful. While they have a full bar, there is no corkage fee, so you can bring a special bottle along if you like. Stephen Starr has definitely upped his game in Philly (not an easy thing to do) with Serpico.So. Good. Service. Drinks. Food.
Everything was spectacular. The highlight of the night was most definitely the deep fried duck leg. It was ridiculously good! It had everything going for it - complexity, depth, sweetness, saltines - and somehow all this was presented in a small package that just left me pondering how they got all that into such a small "sandwich."
Definitely pricy, but innovative and intriguing enough to warrant return visits for more special occasions. 
Chef Serpico was in the kitchen and working the guests when we were there. He certainly will have his hands full here as word spreads about just how good everything is here. 
And I'll just note that we sat at the bar and absolutely loved it. It has a similar feel to siting at a sushi bar and just being able to see the meticulous preparation of your food - and it only serves to heighten the experience of taking that first bite. 
*eyes rolling back just at the thought of this meal*Sit at the chef's table and you not only will enjoy an amazing meal but a great show watching the Serpico team work. Probably the best meal I have ever had. The duck leg sandwich is my favorite single dish of all time.  Don't miss the scallops, fluke or corn ravioliVery good food, and an awesome open kitchen trendy room.  Sat at the bar where I got to watch many of the creations being assembled.  Cooks seemed happy with their jobs, not as stressful as some kitchens.  Head chef is a perfectionist.  Food was pretty and tasty.  Service was very good.  Wine list by the glass was sparse for a place like this.Wonderful flavorful food! Even dishes that look like they might taste bland was super flavorful in every bite. We ordered the dashi soup and the tofu was like feta cheese and the soup had some mustard oil that was great. The trout was also excellent! It had a broth or something that it was in which was super and that complemented the trout well!Best food in town.  Price is really high.   Atmosphere is great.   Avoid Friday and Saturday night, too many young kids outside.Simply put: simply amazing.
Typically, New Years Eve Prix Fixe meals can be cliche and mailed-in. But not here. 
Serpico's $125/person 7-course tasting menu was fun, inspired, and perfectly executed across the board. 
1st Course (Bread) - Soft rolls served with house-made white truffle butter. A good starter, but wished the bread was warm when served.
2nd Course (Hamachi) - Beautiful slices of hamachi topped with blood orange and celery leaves. I loved how the celery and citrus worked together. A very memorable flavor combination.
3rd Course (Egg) - My fiancé's favorite. A perfect, savory egg custard surrounded with a wonderful broth, topped with a generous dollop of caviar. Paired with a cauliflower mushroom,  which added an interesting toothy bite. And let's not forget about the crispy potato bits sprinkled on top. 
4th Course (Mushroom Ravioli) - Although the dough was on the thick side, it was was cooked perfectly al dente. Great mushroom flavor, nestled in a nice buttery sauce. 
5th Course (Stew) - Clams, shrimp, fish (sea bass?), and crab in an intensely flavorful tomato base.  The brussels sprout leaves brought a nice freshness to the dish.
6th Course (Steak) - Wonderfully tender Wagyu beef paired with a velvety, decadent potato puree. Heavenly.
7th Course (Cake) - Passionfruit dark chocolate cake. Not too sweet, and topped with tiny merengue bits. The passionfruit came through and complimented the chocolate perfectly. A great balance, and absolutely divine. 
Serpico's NYE Prix Fixe was on par with the greats like Le Bernadin or Eleven Madison Park, but for 1/2 the price. 
If you're interested in dinner AND a show, I recommend requesting a seat at the counter. Watching the staff work was a fascinating experience. We were lucky enough to have seats 15 & 16 - right in front of the expediter - which gave us a great vantage point of the entire kitchen, and even a glimpse at each ticket coming through the kitchen. 
In the end, a top-3 meal for me.Went there for the first time this weekend and the food and service were both great. I especially recommend the ramen and short ribs. They were incredible.I went expecting good food for the price yet it was not good for any price. Additionally, the service waa very slow. Overall, bad food, bad service, and way over priced.Amazing! We sat at the chef's counter and it was a treat to watch the way the kitchen ran and the attention to detail on every plate. We went with the tasting menu and nothing disappointed. Each course was creatively prepared and incredibly delicious. It was the kind of meal where you find yourself closing your eyes so you can fully appreciate the specialness of the bite. Cocktails were great, sommelier had unique suggestions, and the service was perfect. We can't wait to return.Outstanding Experience!
if you live in/happen to be in Philly and you are a lover of food that is unusual, exquisitely prepared, fresh, elegant, and enjoy sitting and watching the chefs prepare this amazement before your eyes - go to Serpico. Sitting at chef's counter is a must to complete the experience. Loved every moment and each bite!I'm truly conflicted about this one.
I love what Serpico is trying to do. The dishes were innovative. The service was fantastic. The starkly-open kitchen was a breath of fresh air. But I just can't give the restaurant my full recommendation as the food was, after all, disappointing. 
We started with the raw scallops and duck mousse, and while each dish had delightful elements, it failed to come together as whole. For instance, the scallops, themselves, were delicious. And paired with a chive oil, buttermilk cream, and a hefty addition of poppy seeds, the dish was visually stunning. Unfortunately though, its aesthetic beauty couldn't make up for its lack of palatable cohesion. Each little morsel of raw mollusk was drenched in perhaps the most heavy sauce imaginable. By the end of the dish I felt as if I just drank an entire bottle of cream and chased it with a shot of melted butter. 
Not what I'm looking for in a starter.
The duck liver mousse, too, was misguided. While the mousse itself was excellent (and fun to look at) it was topped with giant dollops of a minty, sour, and simply odd pomegranate sauce. I've never tried a liver dish I didn't  love, but this one just didn't hit the mark. The flavors, while bold and courageous, we're in the end, too conflicting. I struggled to finish it...
A similar failure in contrast persisted throughout the rest of the meal. The egg custard and caviar was sloppy in its small ramekin. It would be have been great to have been served caviar, sans a pool of raw, crunchy egg "custard". The hand torn pasta was fun and innovative, yet overly creamy. Our main course, the wagyu chuck flap was good, but by the time it was served I was already turned off.
Like I said on at the onset, I appreciate what Serpico is going for. They are, if nothing else, bold. But for "new American", at that price point, you can't possibly tell me that Philadelphia is lacking a better alternative. 
I assure you, we're not.I guess I'm about to utter Philadelphia blasphemy when I say I'm not won over by Stephen Starr yet. The prices don't match the atmosphere, and if you're not impressed by pretentious ingredients that don't add to the dish, only the name, this isn't for you. I got the duck breast, which I found myself picking fat off of, and the "hand torn pasta," a confusing dish with a distracting name. The fact of the pasta being hand-torn did nothing to improve upon the overall tastelessness of the pasta and the oily sauce. Overall, it was a dish that did not blend well together. The dishes are overly small and I left hungry, despite ordering 2 dishes and dessert. By the end, my wallet was hungry too, and for no good reason. If anything I would go back for drinks and dessert, because the apple cake was fantastic. Never again for dinner. Sorry, I'm won over by quality, not obscurity.The large kitchen dominates much of the interior. Sat at the counter ringing the kitchen. Dishes are easy to share. Nice textural contrasts. Hits included the egg custard (a riff on chawanmushi), the corn ravioli, the hand-torn pasta, the pig's tail on polenta, and the "rocky road" dessert. Also liked the kimchi & tomato stew, a seafood stew with Korean flavors, but it overpowered some of our other dishes. Didn't love the Siena Palermo cocktail, but tastes differ.Nice ambiance - but the meal was way overpriced for what it was. In addition everything was over salted. When I asked for a cup of tea with dessert I was curtly told no tea just pour over coffee - that this was a new American restaurant. When did tea become UnAmerican?Came here for a birthday dinner. When you walk in you can't help but notice the layout of this place! No windows, chalkboard walls, open kitchen, and an oval island for a bar. It looked almost like a speakeasy, except for a restaurant. 
Servers are super attentive and nice. Somewhat fusion style American food items. Some items were amazing, but personally I thought some were a miss. Overall an enjoyable experience.We only had one night in Philly, so we needed to choose wisely for our dinner. I'm so glad that this was our choice. This place checks all the boxes. The food, the service, the space, all on point. We basically ordered the entire first two columns of the menu. It ranged from very good to spectacular. If we're ever in Philly again, we will be back!One of the best meals ever, from the service to the space it was just a wonderful experience . You can tell that the staff take great pride in all that they do. Our visit was on a Sunday at 5:30  and we took advantage of there four course menu and what a joy it was.Tasting menu was impressive. Food was very intelligent and tasty. Each plate was artistic and flavors well thought out. Fantastic service I mean bar none the night I was there. By no means cheap but avant-garde never is. A must visit for any philadelphian. Wished I sat at the bar.This meal competes with any super high end experience I've had anywhere.
11 courses for $85 is almost unbelievable. The menu is so creative, the execution was almost flawless (a few oversalted dishes), the experience at the kitchen/bar made it even better.
The standouts were the freeze dried foie gras, great texture and amazing quality of foie; aged ribeye was so tender, no knife needed; a dish consisting of broth, freeze dried rice, custard and caviar, it was so rich and flavorful; perfect combination of liquid-custard-crunch-salt-gelatin.
The drinks are also spectacular, they have a small bar to work with, but the execution (again) was awesome.
The flavors we experienced here are heavily asian, alot of ingredients you wouldn't experience with this type of food (seaweed, dashi, etc.). 
I love this place so much. do it.What a wonderful dining experience! We made reservations and were seated promptly. We were given the option to sit at the chef's counter, which we gladly accepted. 
The tasting menu was offered but sounded like very small portions, so we decided to order ala carte. The highlights of our dinner included the raw diver scallops, hamachi tartare and the duck breast! Highly recommended and would order again. In comparison to those dishes, the bacon wrapped pork fell short but was delicious. 
We did not enjoy the crispy japanese snapper (they kept the scales on but they were not cooked crispy enough for us to eat it) or the beef short rib (very heavy on the hoisin sauce). 
We will definitely return and hopefully we'll try the veal shoulder or the roasted lamb. We watched in awe as they made those wonderful dishes from the kitchen. 
oh, how can i forget dessert! Kudos to their pastry chef Jackie D'Elia. She was so friendly and her desserts were incredible. Thanks to our wonderful neighbors at the chef's counter - we tried the stuffed puff pastry (which was amazing!) and the creasicle (not so amazing). We then ordered our own toasted apple cake, per the chef's recommendation, and were not disappointed. I can't wait to go back for more stuffed puff pastries.Came here to celebrate my fiance's birthday. When I made the reservation they asked if it was for any special occasion so I told them it was for her birthday.
As other reviewers have noted, the deep fried duck leg is a must eat item.  It's a mash up of Chinese Peking duck and Viet hoagie but prepared American style.  Extremely thick cut piece of duck with an extremely crunchy skin in a small hoagie bread.
All of the other food items we ordered were decent.  The desert we ordered was some sort of cornbread cheesecake which was actually quite delicious.
The restaurant has an open kitchen so the staff are always in view, they were very attentive.  Ambience was nice as well, very contemporary with brick and wood everywhere. 
The little surprise of the evening was that they brought out a small cake square with a candle on top for my fiance's birthday.  I could have probably eaten it all in one bite but it was quite tasty and we appreciated the gesture.
All in all it was a very pleasant experience and I would go back just for the deep fried duck leg.I don't know. I consider myself to be pretty savvy in terms of food and I always thought I had a good palette. After reading the reviews and then dining at Serpico, I'm questioning it. 
I don't know even how to write this review. The food was "good". I enjoyed it but never felt satisfied with any one dish. There were 3 of us dining and we all left feeling pathetically underwhelmed. The fluke was delicious. The trout was by far my favorite thing. The corn ravioli was under cooked and mushy. The duck sandwich was my least favorite. The wait staff was very nice. The decor was beautiful. But there was not a thing that stood out as being memorable. We left the restaurant and headed to another spot for pizza because we were still starving.
I don't think I would go back.While we enjoyed our evening at Serpico, we didn't come away with the raves of other reviewers.  Service was very uneven - we were neglected, then rushed, then neglected,  Servers took food away before we were finished, and didn't hear our calls to bring them back.  The food was very creative and beautifully presented.  Some dishes were great, and others were lost in sauces that were overpowering.  Dessert and non-alcoholic drink choices were very limited.  It was a fun experience, but far from fabulous.This is a late review. I went to Serpica on a date a few years ago now and haven't been able to forget the meal and ambiance. From the ramen to the fish, everything tasted fresh and made with care. I highly recommend this restaurant for delicious food and excellent atmosphere.I have eaten at Serpico twice now and both times the food was fantastic. We sat at the chefs table, which is a fun and interesting spot to enjoy your meal. For starters we had raw scallops which were great and truffle topped risotto which was also good, but was 45 dollars so I would skip that next time. I had their lobster ramen for dinner, also excellent. Every one I was with enjoyed their entrees. Definitely worth eating at Serpico, it's expensive but very good.Great service and wonderful ambience. Kitchen seating is a must!
Must order:
Raw diver scallops 
Chicken and snail lasagna
Bread service with smoked bean dip 
Drinks - Floral and GingerAdventurous platings, contemporary atmosphere where a lot of seating is around a large chef's kitchen table where you watch the cooks prepare the food and friendly servers. With that said, it's a bit pricey considering the portion sizes and quality. Don't get me wrong - the food is great but it didn't quite live up to my expectations, which maybe were a bit too high. If you're looking to celebrate a special occasion or looking to have an interesting dinner experience, then you may want to consider this spot.Upon making our reservation to Serpico, I was very excited. Being a big fan of monofuko restaurants in the city, I was excited to try what Philly has to offer. The food scene is definitely improving in Philly, especially with higher quality techniques and talent. But like most places I've tried, the techniques was not translated to the dish. Serpico is beyond over rated.
To start, we had a few cocktails. The gin and mezcal cocktail was actually pretty damn good. Not very strong, but pretty tasty. I was hoping the food would be the same, but it wasn't to be. We had 2 small dishes, 2 mediums and a large. We started with the warm  green bean salad and the fluke. The green bean was over cooked and mushy. The dressing was a bit off and salty. The fluke was actually our favourite part of the meal as it was the only dish that wasn't overly seasoned. 
Next we had the chicken and snail lasagna and the Crispy snapper. Both dishes wasn't bad, but it wasn't a home run either. We couldn't taste the chicken nor the snail. The pesto definitely over powered the dish while the texture of the fish skin with scales was very off putting. After getting past the scale in your mouth, the fish was ok.
The last dish we had was the seafood stew. A bowl of white rice was provided. If it wasn't for the rice, we wouldn't be able to eat the dish. It was so salty, and the both was suppose to be a bit spicy, but it wasn't. We couldn't taste the spice because it was so salty. It was also luke warm when it arrived to our table. 
I really wanted to love this place, but the food was a big miss. Nothing wowed me, and a few dishes was ehh. I never been a fan of Stephen Starr restaurants. I only like one of his restaurants called upland.Serpico was good, but not what it should have been for the price ($250 for the two of us). 
The Mom's Mac & Cheese was phenomenal! If you have an extra $20 laying around and want to know what expensive Mac & cheese tastes like, go here! 
I ordered the duck breast and it was "ok"; pretty bland, honestly. I wasn't impressed at all. 
My fiancé ordered the beef short ribs, not going to lie; they were really good! He devoured them. 
We had the congee as an appetizer; it was ok, very fresh ingredients. We also had the pork wrapped in bacon...superb! 
Oh, and the VODKA cocktail was PHENOMENAL! 
All in all, not a bad dining experience, Alicia was super sweet, I just wasn't thrilled with the meal choices that I picked.I celebrated my birthday at Serpico (visiting from NYC) with the exquisite Chef's Tasting Menu. I have been a big fan of Chef Peter Serpico from his days as the first Executive Chef at Momofuku Ko in NYC, and this was my 4th dinner at Serpico so I knew I was in for a special treat.
I had requested to be seated at the Chef's Counter so I would be able to see everything.
Too many courses (and some were changed from the listed menu) to list, but some of my favorites were:
Sun gold tomatoes in sun gold tomato broth, fried shiitake stems, horseradish;
2 different cold foie gras preps: shaved foie gras with apple, peanut and Thai basil; foie gras terrine with peaches and bee pollen;
Egg custard with caviar, brown butter chicken stock, cauliflower mushrooms and crispy potatoes;
Diver scallops carpaccio, brown butter sauce and tomatillo vinaigrette;
Duo of lamb chop and rib;
Cheese (soft cow's milk);
Honeydew and cantaloupe granita with shortbread and mint;
Corn fritter with anise hyssop sugar;
Toasted apple cake, burnt applesauce, brown butter, vanilla ice cream and caramel (this was a special request not part of the Tasting Menu since I was very full and was afraid that the chocolate coffee ganache might have been too heavy--will try it next time).
Service (as always) was very friendly and attentive.
3 hours of a wonderful birthday dinner. Look forward to my next dinner at Serpico!Excellent choice for special occasions! I've been twice now and have been very impressed with service, ambiance, food, and presentation. I highly recommend sitting at the bar around the kitchen so you can see the artists at work! 
The menu goes from left to right, smaller plates to larger plates. Both times I have gone with one other person and we've split ~5 plates total. They do a really nice job with pacing your meal so you're never waiting too long or feeling bombarded with food. 
I'm actually at a loss for words when thinking about how to describe the mac & cheese. It's the things dreams are made of. The hamachi tartare is a favorite and I've ordered it both times. I also recommend the egg custard & caviar and the duck! Aside from being delicious, it really comes down to the presentation. Every dish is impeccably and creatively presented and when you sit around the kitchen you can see the effort that goes into each and every dish.
Expect to pay a premium, but definitely worth it for a fancy night out with your Sig O or a special celebration :)Service was impeccable and loved the chefs counter seating, however I am very mixed about the food. 
First dish of dry aged tataki style tartare was simply just missing something. The gem lettuce purée did not lend much to the dish outside of color while the horseradish was very forward. I didn't get that dry aged flavor that I usually enjoy. 
The marinated spinach dish (no pic) was really great. A cold marinated spinach with pickled bean sprouts and tofu foam. The mushrooms were amazing in this dish.
The sous vide wagyu flat iron steak was my least favorite dish of the evening, and could really have done without it. The idea of the dish, much better than the actual flavors. I did not find that the wakambe and steak belonged together in this dish with the horseradish. 
The porchetta special was epic, one of the best pork dishes I've ever had. The reassembled porchetta had amazing crispy skin and the delicious cabbage accompaniment. 
Apple cake dessert, just stellar. Awesome dessert and highly recommended.
Probably would try again, but have some other places to hit first.This is, hands down, my favorite restaurant in Philadelphia.  I have been here twice and both times been stunned with how delicious all of the dishes were.
Raw diver scallops - amazing
Shaved Pig head - surprisingly good
Pho Sandwich - get it
Corn Ravioli - my favorite dish
Lamb Ribs - perfect balance of sweet, salty, fat, deliciousness
Pork and Kimchi Stew - quite good.  not overly spicy like I had expected
Trout - so amazing
Do yourself a favor and go here!!!!After having eaten at Momofuku Ko last month in NY, I was curious to try the latest effort of their former founding chef de cuisine and Momofuku "lieutenant" now that he has moved to Philly (and incidentally deserves to be classified as his own star chef after having tried his food). After having researched the place on blogs and local reviews, I was eager to try it. Unfortunately, I was disappointed to find that they apparently have not started offering a tasting menu (which I find to be the best all-around dining option when trying a new restaurant). I arrived for my early evening reservation and was seated promptly by my very polite server at the kitchen counter (highly recommend this... try to get seats on the dining room side, as the corridor side, while a better view of the kitchen, was somewhat toasty, comparatively). 
Once seated, I was thrilled to see THEY DO HAVE A TASTING MENU, I selected this without hesitation and ordered a Canoe Ridge Chardonnay (their tasting menu is heavy on lighter seafood dishes). The tasting menu was a good mix of sweet, savory, light/heavy, umami, textures, and delicate desserts. For $85 for 12 courses of some of the best food I've ever had, I consider it a steal. I won't belabor it or ruin the surprise, but many of these dishes were some of the best I've had... ever. They are ALL one and two michelin star quality dishes. Simple, beautifully balanced, very very tasty and plated elegantly, and presented in a logical palate-pleasing succession. 
The service was shared by the servers (and chefs when seated at counter). Both very knowledgeable, and open to questions. Simply, I cannot fault the service in any way.
I finished the meal with a delicious cup of coffee and a surprisingly good (for outside New Orleans) sazerac. 
All in all, one of the best meals I've ever had, and when you consider the quality of the food (michelin star plus) and the price tag, it is dollar-for-dish, probably the best. 
I will return and often.Would say a bit overpriced for what it is but overall great experience. Very delicious meal. Lively place. Great cocktails and service. Highlights were the artichoke soup, beet salad, chicken and snail lasagna, skirt steak. Was also fun to sit at the bar and watch all the food be prepared and set out.The excitement and suspense was building up as we perused the menu, devouring each plate as our eyes scanned each dish from top to bottom. Placing our order, we first received the house-made rice cakes with sesame seeds. As crunchy as they were, the rice cakes were devoid of flavor. Some were overly burnt while others were overly salty. Not a great way to start.
Next out were the raw diver scallops and deep fried hoisin duck legs in a potato roll. The former was served with buttermilk, poppy seed, green chili paste, white soy, and chive. The latter had an accompanying bowl of various pickled vegetables.
The scallops were buttery smooth, providing a refreshingly cool start to the meal. The crunch and warmth of the deep fried duck legs were a welcomed contrast to the scallops. I normally don't like duck, but this had barely any of the ordinary flavors of duck, especially when you drizzle on some siracha. 
The hand torn pasta and caper brined trout were next. The pasta came mixed with chicken sausage, braised snails, and crispy chicken skin - all flavored with garlic, Italian parsley, and a dusting of pecorino. The trout came layered on top of a potato salad, pepperocini, and chive oil. Large pieces of blue crab sat at the bottom. Like tiny orange marbles, chunks of trout roe topped the trout. The potato salad made every bite as smokey as a chimney.  
Serpico offers both semisweet and sweet desserts. You can check out the semisweet desserts yourself since we decided to go with the sweets - all three of them. The rocky road came with chocolate pudding, toasted marshmallow, and candied walnuts. Unfortunately, that's exactly what it was - nothing more, nothing less, and slightly disappointing. The yuzu curd consisted of lemon foam, whipped cream (at the bottom), and fried rosemary. Chamomile crackers were provided. It was like an alternative version of the Brits' biscuits and tea. I was not a fan of the flavor profile - the fried rosemary threw me off, and yuzu in general isn't one of my favorite things. The toasted apple cake was, fortunately, good. Burnt apple cake lined the perimeter of the plate (don't eat this by itself) like a half moon. At first, the apple cake looks like a brownie, but no worries, it's an apple cake. A delicious one as well.
Serpico - a great addition to Philly. Come for dinner, but maybe pass on dessert. At least for now.My favorite restaurant in Philly 2014! This restaurant was much hyped before opening, so I was skeptical. But - ita been spot on three times. The wait staff is great. The open kitchen let's you watch the whole show when sitting at the counter.
The diver scallops are exceptional. Every single dish - exceptional. Folks say it's expensive, however I find it reasonable for the quality of food - no complaints here. Order more food and fewer drinks and you'll be fine. Better yet, order more food and more drinks and you'll be so pleased you won't care. Seriously - you won't care (at least till the alcohol wears off).No long food review here.  We sat down and reviewed the menu.   Then learned from the waitress that the three of us would need to order 7-9 items, topping out at about $200 for portions that she said were about fist sized each. $21 for a small plate of just vegetables.  
The details of the descriptions were like a skit from Saturday Night Live.  Snail sausage?! Pig tale?! Oh but with the bone in, as carefully clarified by our server.  
No thanks.  We left.Maybe I'm a naysayer, but I wasn't impressed by the service, or more importantly, the food.
I was with a group here in December. This is the most "hipster" place I've seen in Philly (it reminded me of a dozen places in Williamsburg, though). A nice-but not too nice waitstaff that makes mildly snarky commentary throughout the meal offers meticulous descriptions of what you'll be eating (my favorite was the dish with "hand torn basil..." The pretense is at eleven.) The server joined in on our conversation a few times as he was pouring drinks, which is fine, but he was just a little too caustic for anywhere that's not the local diner. Maybe it was just that requisite hipster irony that I wasn't getting, I don't know.
And the food did not blow me away, which it should for a Steven Starr restaurant (and at this price point). The waiter advised us on how much food to order for a light to moderate-sized meal. The plates are pretty small, so if you're pretty hungry, you'll need to order (and spend) more.
The starters were good: my scallops excellent and my neighbor's hamachi tartare also very nice. One of us also ordered the foie gras terrine which is a strange, almost desert-style middle dish with a pie-like crust and a gelatin base with the foie gras nestled in between. 
The entrees were really hit or miss. My duck was not cooked well and was covered in a sweet sauce. My friend's short ribs were good, but the waiter refused to substitute or even take out the potatoes from the dish. My other friend's pork was somehow salty and bland at the same time... She was also disappointed. The meal overall was strangely sweet, but we still got dessert, which was fine. Just about everything is overly salty, too, and I woke up the next day feeling like I had a hangover (dehydrated, dry mouth and throat) even though I didn't drink.
The ambiance is nice enough--low lights and small booths keep it intimate. When we were there it was nice and quiet, which is a big plus. The menu written slanted across chalk boards did not contribute to the feeling of "nice place," however.
And so, meh. There are so many great restaurants in Philly now, including several by the same owner. You can do better.The exterior almost seems to push people away. The exterior is dark brick with a tiny obstructed view inside. If you read the outdoor menu it sounds like a Soviet mess hall: "pig head, raw scallops, lettuce salad," etc, with no additional color. If you do peek inside you are immediately asked if you have a reservation. Newbies beware. 
Perhaps this is all by design to keep the casual diners away.  Because if you are adventurous enough to push thru, you see a hip crowd, modern industrial interior, open kitchen, and a pretty creative selection. Every dish we've had in two visits has exceeded expectations. If you try a safe dish like the chicken ramen or the corn ravioli you'll be pleasantly surprised, and if you want a story get the pig head. Worst case scenario you can take it home in a doggy bag and re-enact the "Closer" video.I got a Steven Starr gift card for Christmas from a co-worker. My girlfriend and I both enjoy his restaurants very much. We have not tried them all but have yet to have a bad experience at one. This re-telling of the tale will go much the same. Thus if you came here looking for a tragedy you'll be sorely disappointed. There is none to be heard here. 
Unless of course you remember South street about 10 years ago. It's a sad affair these days. The street is a total dump. There was a large pile of vomit about half a block down. Trash everywhere. Groups of people smoking in front of every store. So both of us were surprised that Starr chose this locale. It would not have been my first choice were I to open a restaurant that wasn't a fast food chain. Anyway they actually set it up perfectly so you canNOT see out or into the restaurant. Hopefully it does well and inspires some other ventures. If not for it I'd probably never go to south street again. 
So we made reservations which I'd suggest since the place didn't look terribly large. It was packed but we also went on a Saturday night two days before valentines.
First impression was amber simple decor and darkly lit except over by the kitchen. The kitchen is fully open and we were offered a table or the option to sit at the bar that boxed off the kitchen. We chose the bar and I'd happy to say it was a superb choice. It was really neat to watch them cooking and playing everyone's meals. I could see it being a good spot for a first date. If you've got money to burn or you're splitting the bill. OR YOU HAVE A STEPHEN STARR GIFT CARD. 
The waiter was awesome. Extremely pleasant, attentive and knew the ins and outs of everything on the menu. At his suggestion we ordered multiple plates. The menu is nicely organized by size and food comes to you as it is finished. I like that. I also liked that there wasn't any bread baskets to fill up on. They give you some kind of thin sesame cracker with butter that was good for snacking without filling you up. 
We ordered - 
The mac and cheese - Very good. A different take with the hand spun noodles
Scallops- not very impressive and my least favorite 
Salmon - this was excellent
Ramen - the best but the Salmon was close behind!
Since the portions were not huge we had room for desert. However to our surprise the desert portions were larger than the meals! I got the Banana split and let me tell you it was to die for! My girlfriend ordered the rocky road which was also good but a little strong for me. I'm not big on deserts but I would not pass it up were we to go there again. 
So all and all it was a very enjoyable time! Remember next year that Stephen Starr gift cards make excellent gifts! He has a restaurant for just about everyone's taste.We've been waiting to come here now for quite a while, and finally made it in for our anniversary.  We had the duck sandwich - I thought this was great and I don't like duck.  The raman noodles was also great.
We then had the  ravioli which was overly salted and not that good. We also had the trout and it was bland - and not that good. Overall, the food was OK - not worth the price tag.
Service, the hostesses were nice - but that's it.  Our server started off well, but she never once asked us how our food tasted. I'm the type of person who says thank you and please throughout an encounter - so notice when people do not do it in return. Typically at a restaurant your server will bring you the check and say 'thank you, I hope you enjoyed the meal'...in this case, she dropped the check and walked away.
For a high end restaurant, the food was OK at best, and the service was poor. We will not be going back.I find it difficult to go east of Broad Street most of the time out of laziness.  Glad to have broken the curse with this ultra chic addition to the classless area that South Street has become.  
Food is brilliant.  Cerviches, two versions of duck, hand torn pasta, and molecular gastronomy (not sure if this is absolutely correct term- magic food chemistry ?) for dessert.  What more can a Philly foodie ask for?   
Space is amazing.  Dark, cozy booths.  Bar around the amazing open kitchen show.  Smaller venue- 50 something seats.  
Service is discreet yet attentive.  
Not huge portions.  Pricey.  Well worth it, but don't come after running a 10k if you don't want to break the bank.  
Save room for dessert.   
Modern cuisine.  Just want to frame it.What to say about Serpico...  I am not sure I understood everyone's gripes about it being expensive.  It's called 2013 people, entrees don't cost $14 anymore. Got a corpse reviver for a cocktail - it was tasty, large ice cube well made.  My friend got the South Street Sour, and it was disgusting.  He said it tasted like a "bag of raisins" which it may have, sweet and just gross.  We should have asked to have it taken off of the bill but he managed to choke the entire thing down.  Got a nice bottle of white burgundy, not expensive.  I had the corn ravioli which was delicious.  My girlfriend had the raw fluke which was tasty.  The razor clams which my other friends got were pretty bad - small portion and unremarkable.  I had the Wagyu Chuck flap, which while cooked perfectly (probably sous vide and  seared) was completely covered in a sweet grain mustard which kind of killed the dish.  The duck which I tasted was also overwhelmed by the sauce.  The hand torn pasta was very good.  Strange that one of the best things on the menu would be the pasta.  We were walk-ins and got a table at 8PM, it was packed by 9:30.  Ambiance was sort of whatever, a little loud, a lot going on and we were sort of cramped in our small table in the middle of the floor.  The decor was interesting, and the kitchen counter was a cool aspect but did not get to experience that.  Overall I would say it was a bit overrated.  There are many places in Philly I would much rather go, and I thought their menu was a bit out of focus and discombobulated.   Also very small bar area, like 5-6 seats which was empty the whole time.  Honestly space was wasted, turn that into a larger dining counter and get rid of the pointless bar.  Not very fitting for a south street location, I applaud them for trying but it seems kind of too trendy and not enough substance to last.  A nice addition to the Philly restaurant scene but not remarkable enough to get my business again any time soon.I came here a while back with my boyfriend for a fancy meal which was good, but it did not wow us. First off, their beer list was lacking, and they only serve cans. We weren't sure what to make of that, so we ended up ordering a bottle of red wine. Thankfully, it was delicious!
On to the food. Our waitress explained how many of the plates were small, and she recommended that we split 5-6 dishes to be satisfied. I think that was a slight overstatement because we ended up ordering 4 and were stuffed by the end of the meal. We started with the scallops. Unfortunately, we didn't read the menu closely and missed that they are served raw...we didn't like the extra gooey texture that much. And they came in a creamy buttermilk sauce which was just ok. Next, the plate of corn ravioli was brought to our table. This was probably my favorite dish. I can't really describe it, so you'll just have to try it--a really good  mix of different flavors! For the main course, I had the trout, and he had the beef short rib. The trout was fine. It was in a soupy mixture of potatoes, crab meat, and roe that I didn't think blended that well together, but the portion was large and the fish itself was prepared well. My boyfriend liked the short rib which had a smoky flavor to it. Even though I don't consider myself a plain eater, I think some of the dishes needed to be toned down a bit. I felt like the flavors of the scallop and fish dishes in particular didn't mix that well, but compared to other reviewers, it looks like I'm in the minority.This restaurant is not named for the movie. It's named for Peter Serpico who is the chef. It's located in the groovy South Street area of Philadelphia. The food is excellent. And the service actually is equally superb. This restaurant compares easily to any good NYC eatery. The halibut was superb. The salmon was also extremely tasty and perfectly cooked. The steak tartare was very flavorful. And the beet salad really had pop. Sit at the bar on either of two sides and watch the action.My dining companion and I had a lovely meal at Serpico to celebrate her birthday. Each element of every dish was carefully and deliberately executed. We were glad we chose Serpico for the special occasion! 
The Raw Diver Scallops and Chicken & Snail Lasagna were flawless in unique ways. The buttermilk, poppy seeds, and chive oil lent the scallops acidity, texture, and lusciousness that was unusual yet welcome. Texturally, the chicken and snail paired well with the creamy bechamel sauce. We were more than content.
We were not as thrilled with the Steamed Egg Custard or Beef Short Rib. We felt the broth was too salty considering the lightness of the custard. The short rib, to be frank, reminded me too much of Beef and Broccoli. Great flavors, but not what I desire in a fine dining atmosphere. 
The Yuzu Semifreddo and complimentary Chocolate Ganache Cigar with Sunflower Milk for the birthday girl were the perfect finale. Overall, we enjoyed our meal and would be interested in returning when they have more spring produce on the menu.Had a 10-course tasting menu and every single dish was delicious. Super creative dishes like raw fluke with fermented kiwi sauce and fried basil, steamed egg with crispy potatoes, cauliflower mushrooms and caviar. 
Staff was super friendly and knowledgeable. Everyone seemed happy to help and chat for a quick second.
Decor was fun. Get a seat at the counter if you can. It was even more fun because you can sneak questions to the chefs. ;)I really enjoyed our dinner at Serpico. I thought the entire operation was managed very well. The hostess was pleasant, she knew our name and she was expecting us with a smile. Our server was well informed about the menu and what type of wine to pair each dish with.The courses came out very quickly.  The dishes were delicious and unique.  Very good experience.I absolutely adore this restaurant. Came here for my boyfriends birthday and we sat at the kitchen bar and watched the magic happen. The duck breast here is amazing. The korean wings, to die for. The pigs head is a little salty but my boyfriend loved it. the wait staff and ambience was just perfect. 
Side note, as I was leaving the restaurant we saw M Night Shamayalan. Omg how cool. Will never forget this awesome nightAnd officially my favorite restaurant in the city. My girlfriends and I went there for girl's night and we had a fantastic time! We started off with cocktails at the bar, which has many options for bitters. All the drinks were great! The waiter was really nice too and let us try most of the bitters. 
Dinner was the best. Highly highly recommend all the raw dishes. As for entrees, the trout was the best, followed by the lamb. I look forward to going back and once again ordering the raw fluke and the trout (must-haves!)  Go eat there now.
Also, check out Melissa P.'s Serpico review for more advice -- she was there with me!I wanted to try this restaurant since it's on the top of many best restaurant lists in Philadelphia, but wasn't overly impressed.  The Korean wings were really delicious, but ordered the trout for an entree which was really disappointing.  We also ordered the ravioli and shrimp and grits which were good, but didn't blow us away.  Maybe I just made bad selections, but I expected everything to be amazing. Debating on whether or not I'd go back.  So many amazing restaurants in Philly...not sure this one makes my top ten and not sure why it gets so much hypeI was excited to try out Serpico last night, but after being seated at our table and neglected by any waitstaff or manager for almost 30min (seated at 7:15, drinks at 7:25 and finally checked on at 7:56), we decided to pay for our drinks and simply leave the restaurant.I went on a date here on a Thursday night. I was a little skeptical at first because some of the pictures I saw looked a little strange. However, the meal turned out to be superb. We sat at the "Chef's Table" which is like sitting at a bar that overlooks the kitchen. It was cool, but nothing fantastic. I think it would be best if one sat here and did their tasting menu for $95. We opted to order numerous dishes instead and share, thanks to the suggestion by our waitress who was attentive without being overbearing. I thought all of the staff was good, pleasant and knowledge.  It is a well run establishment and their food shows this. All of the dishes we had were good, but some stood out in my mind and I will make a note about a couple. We shared the special of the day, Snail and Chicken Lasagna. It sounds weird, but it was fantastic. There was not much, but it was very rich and truly delicious. I don't know exactly how they made this, but if possible I would add this to the everyday menu. The two other dishes that stood out were the Braised Short Ribs (perfectly cooked with a fantastic sauce) and the vegetables which were filling and fresh with a nice lemon sauce on top. We ended up sharing 5 dishes which was more than enough, four would have probably been fine. The bill (with tip) was around $130. So it's not cheap, but the food is worth it in my mind for a special occasion. An added bonus was that since it was not the weekend we were able to bring our own bottle of wine. BYO is always desirable. Next time I am in town I will definitely look this place up and I recommend it to someone looking for a special night/time with amazing food.Happy to have finally tried this place! Everything is a la carte so we ordered several dishes and shared family style among the 4 of us. Best seats we had were at the bar since the entire kitchen was open and in the middle. It was like the chef's table and such a fun and exciting experience!
We ordered:
Diver scallops
Ceviche special
Halibut
Chicken & snail lasagna - 1st time trying snails and it the chicken and snail sausage was delicious and buttery with an amazing pesto sauce
Carrot confit - my favorite! Delicious carrots with crunchy filo reminds me of Turkish dessert kunefe but with carrots!
Desserts:
Black Forest brownie with vanilla ice cream and tarte cherries - this was my least favorite. Crunchy brownie pieces with vanilla ice cream. The cherry sauce has five spice which made it bitter not sweet.
Pineapple carrot cake - our favorite! Super light and airy with fresh pineapple pieces. 
Vanilla shortcake with strawberries - delicious! There was an herb sauce over the strawberries which made it refreshing. 
We also had a bottle of sparkling Chardonnay which complemented the food well. Service was outstanding and food was excellent. I'm so glad that I finally got to try this place and was not disappointed! Will definitely return when I'm in town again!Serpico was a delight.  We stopped by there on Saturday night at 8:00.  No reservations but within about 5 minutes two spots opened up at the small 6 person bar.  We ordered a Vespers and Brian our delightful bartender made it perfect.  He was a total delight!!!!
We ordered and shared the salad - yummy.  Then the King Crab with Popcorn Grits and the Short Ribs.  The grits were to die for.  A little spice with a coddled egg to add richness.  I want it again tonight.  The short ribs were tender and the sauce was bursting with flavor. 
We are here for another 5 nights and will be back on Wednesday night!!I have a monthly girls dinner where we each pick a place each month. I only get to pick every 6 months and this was mine and I'm so happy with my choice! It may have just dethroned Vedge as everyone's favorite place we've been to in the last 6 months! 
Atmosphere is nice, understated, not too crowded, not too loud, not too quiet. Good for a small group or a date, they could only accommodate a group of 6 for dinner on a weeknight rather early (6:45) with about a month's notice. Opentable's limit for online reservations is 4 people.
TOP SECRET INFORMATION: You can BYOB. This is confusing, because they have a full bar, and a wine list. But as the hostess(?) told me on the phone "Were just flexible." There is no corkage fee. However, the cocktails are pretty good so you kind of miss out there by bringing your own.
FOOD. We ate quite a lot of it. It was all amazing, but if you have to pick, here's what you need to know:
Small Plates:
-- You MUST get at least one of the raw fish dishes (but preferably all of them.) Hamachi tartare, raw scallops, fluke crudo. We almost got into a fight about which one was the best. We couldn't decide. It would be like picking a favorite child (if I had 3 kids that were equally not annoying).
--Duck liver mousse was excellent and they even brought out Matzah for my Passovering friend!
--Deep Fried Duck leg- very very good, but, overhyped. The way people talk about it on yelp you'd think it was life changing. They're paying homage to peking duck here, but I just like peking duck more.
--Cope's corn ravioli was good and very interesting. 
--Sliced Pig head was interesting but not my fave, tastes like fancy lunch meat with mustard, I'd pass on this.
--Chilled Dashi soup was very interesting but also overhyped for me. Liked the concept and the creme fraiche jelly, but I'd pass on this too unless you're a big cold soup person.
Large Plates:
--The Trout won our affections as the dark horse winner of the large plates, but really all of these were excellent.
--Absolutely recommend getting the seasonal vegetables to split- the lemon puree was awesome.
--The lamb and short ribs were both amazing, tender, delicious, flavorful and paired well with the sides. I loved the eggplant dipping sauce for the lamb.
--The pork and kimchi stew would have been good at another restaurant, but here it was the less cute sibling in a beautiful family. Also, it was trying to be kimchi chiggae, but just wasn't as good or as different from kimchi chiggae to be impressive.
Desserts:
--Apple Cake was the clear winner. So good. Still thinking about it.
--Rocky Road was good too, but didn't blow my mind.
--Goat Cheese sorbet blew my mind, but it was so weird I couldn't quite get behind it.
OVERALL a wonderful meal, great experience and I would definitely recommend for a fancy night out. It's a bit pricey (we had a gift card but without it it would have been $70 each with tax, tip, and not even a cocktail each). Granted we were super full. You could probably BYOB and be satisfied for around $50 each.What can I say except that I am ruined for life, or at least until I can return to Peter Serpico's kitchen counter again. One dark cold Saturday night in January we walked in to a bustling, low lit room backed by cold steel and hot flame. Our high expectations to be wow'd were met. Completely. Our 11 course tasting menu left us elated, satisfied and just plain impressed. Dishes range From a potato consume that was like drinking a liquid potato to the bowl of shaved foie gras with a nut brittle that could have doubled as dessert! Perfect execution in everything! I highly recommend the chefs counter and make a reservation. Worthy of a second visit for sure!We had a wonderful meal at Serpico.  Great atmosphere and service, and the food was flavorful and beautiful.Beautiful room with well-executed inventive dishes. Great vibe sitting at the counter around the open kitchen. Fun interpretation of bar.I went there for my roommate's birthday dinner. The food is delicious. And not only delicious, they were a piece of art. The plating is phenomenal. Just beautiful. The colors, lightness, darkness, textures are all excellent. I just wanted to look at them and felt guilty ruining the plating though it looked very appetizing as well . The food was excellent. Def one of the best restaurants in Philadelphia. Fantastic experience!If there was an option for 2.5 stars, I'd select it but our overall experience was disappointing.  4 stars for quality of food, 1 star for service.  Let me explain.    
The options on the menu are unique, the chefs take great care in their prep and generally speaking, the quality and flavor of the offerings were impressive.  My wife and I split the following dishes: Beat & Goat Cheese Salad, Dry Aged Sirloin Tataki (wife did not eat), Steamed Egg Custard, Crispy Eggplant, and Slow Poached Halibut.  Again, these were all good and were easily more than enough to fill us up to the point where we both felt uncomfortable after the meal. 
Now, initially, our waiter (the only waiter that night in late October on a Thursday), seemed great and attentive.  He even made some great recommendations which included the Steamed Egg Custard.  He assured my pescatarian wife there was no meat or meat products in this dish.  While I loved it, it was clear this dish had chicken broth in it (or stock - I forget which) and this was confirmed by the chef.  Since we sat at the chef's table/kitchen bar, we saw the chef mention something to our waiter about this issue. In light of his mistake, I  expected an explanation or apology. Instead, we got nothing but a cold shoulder.  In fact, he essentially ignored us the rest of the night except to deliver the bill - spineless, classless, and unprofessional.  Note, the restaurant was less than half full that night. While I would typically take it upon myself to call him out on something like this, I was feeling mellow and genuinely uninterested after that last glass of wine. Sorry I didn't.    
I was not looking to have this item taken off the bill as again, I enjoyed it. Importantly, however, relying on his word, my wife ate 3-4 bites of this dish that had meat product in it which has in the past caused her to become ill.  It's worth noting that this ingredient is not listed on the menu.
Another thing that annoyed me was that the waiter recommended that we each order 3 things, 1 from each column on the menu.  Had we listened to him, it would have been serious overkill as we would have both been ok had we only ordered 4 items total.    
While this rating seems harsh, I mean no disrespect to the chefs who were buzzing around the open air kitchen like worker bees trying to pump out meals.Hands down my favorite restaurant in the city and our go-to for upscale dining when friends/family are visiting. Everything served here that we've gotten so far, from the scallops to the shellfish stew to the veal shoulder chop (our orderset from most recently) have been spectacular. Expect to spend more than you had planned given the smaller portions but it's really worth it for a special night out. We had the opportunity to sit by the kitchen and watch the talented staff cook in front of us, which I highly recommend for small groups/couples. Cocktails were also on point and they have a well-stocked bar as well. The specials change often so be sure to ask which ones will be sold out soon so you don't miss out on the freshest dishes of the day.Excellent, simple and elegant. Did the 10 course tasting menu at the counter and each dish was homey but surprising. Flavors were mellow and subtle and service was attentive
Open kitchen is fun to watch - kind of like watching and Iron Chef episode up close. 
I will say the red wine was served a bit warm (seemed like it was warmer then 70 degrees), but we were having such a good time we didn't care
They don't take big parties which I get - it's a small place. And it's a but of culture shock walking out the door. Was hoping for a nice place to tuck in and get an expertly made cocktail to end the night, but I've lost all my bearings on South St. Hopefully a lounge opens up next door.Exceptional, loved the experience in its entirety. It has one of the most delightfully minimal designs of any restaurant I have been to in some time. The open kitchen layout is a delight, and was quite something to see the orchestration of food of this caliber being produced. 
Serpico draws from a diverse array of influences, and knits them delicately together in each dish. Highlights were the Duck Liver Mousse, Deep Fried Duck Leg (got a second order, was that good) and the Elysian Field Farms Lamb Ribs, on the dessert menu the Rocky Road is something not to be missed. 
The service was outstanding, best dining experience I've had in Philly, looking forward to a return visit, in the spring to see what Serpico has in store for us then.