We had New Year's Eve dinner reservations plus tickets for the show upstairs. The show did not disappoint however, we might have had a better dining experience at a local diner. At one point, I had food and fork in my mouth when my plate was removed and the next course put on the table. Our table was close to the bar and we had to ask the bartender twice to lower the music so that my partner and I could hear each other. The first course was salmon on rubbery pita bread, second course was frozen shrimp. Desert was fresh fruit and berries and it was the best course. Eat here only if you are okay with bar food and beer and have reservations for the show upstairs. Oh and if you go to the bathroom, grab tp first. The tp is about 2 feet away from the toilet.This place is over-priced and the food is not good. At least not what I had anyway. I asked for something vegan and essentially was served a bland piece of tofu with a side of mashed potatoes that definitely had butter in them -- not vegan! If I am going to a show at Tin Angel, I'd rather eat somewhere else than waste my money at this place.Went to Serrano on Saturday night for dinner and a show. The drink service was excellent and so was our waitress. However, the food service was extremely slow and when the food did come out the majority was either inedible, cold, or burnt. Mind you this was after we waited two hours for our food and food was brought out, placed on our table, AND taken away. (and given to another table which I'm pretty sure breaks some sort of health code). When these issues were brought to the attention of the manager, she immediately became defensive and blamed the slowness on our large group. If a large group is an issue, they should not take reservations for a larger party. Additionally, we were two parties of FOUR and asked to sit near each other, we didn't request the reservation be for eight. I appreciate that the restaurant accommodated us however if I knew that the manager would then use that against us and blame us for the slowness of service AND the poor food quality I would've asked that we sit separately. The manager did comp two of the dishes but continually argued and accused us of "nit-picking". And since I am now nitpicking I would also like to mention that when the manager took two of the plates away to comp she moved my water glass by touching the rim. Also that the menu clearly states that the chef will not take special requests and based off the quality of food that came out it's probably because that since they can't make the ten dishes on their menu correctly they can't possibly make any sort of accommodation (nor would you want them to). Over priced and terrible if you have any sort of dietary restriction. Beer menu is good at least.Overpriced tasteless food!!!
I was supposed to get scallops with sausage, mushrooms and potatoes with a chili sauce.
What I actually got: some nice scallops surrounded by a load of potatoes, two of the tiniest mushrooms I've ever seen and two tiny thin slivers of sausage on a plate surrounded by tasteless orange grease. No special flavors, other than the grill flavor. 
FOR $26!!!
There was also something about the scallops too that I couldn't quite put my finger on. They weren't bad or anything but they didn't exactly taste fresh. For $26 I expect premium scallops at a nice restaurant with very tasty unique food.
Save your money and go elsewhere. There's lots of way tastier cuisine throughout the city and for a lot less money.
Service was not great either. I felt ignored a lot. The only upside was that when I complained, the waiter brought out a little dish full of bigger grilled mushrooms (still no special flavor and I don't generally enjoy eating a cup of mushrooms by themselves)
Oh... and I almost forgot the $8 dark and stormy that practically had no alcohol in it.Extremely disppointed with our experience at Serrano before great show upstairs.
Food had been very good here on our first and second visits on nights when we were also there for a show.
On our second vist they hardly got us out in time for the show, however.
Our most recent visit saw us arriving at 5:00 for a 7:00 show.  Did not get apps until about 5:45!  
Then got burnt steak and soggy frites that we had to send back. They should never have been sent out as the steaks very  obviously burnt and the frites soggy were clearly underdone.
Got replacement steak and frites with 15 minutes to spare before our show.  Told show would then start 10 minutes late.
Well phew!  But no chance to really enjoy the season-less steak but OK frites and zero chance of any dessert or coffee...
Will never do dinner before a show here again sorry to say.
Told us, "Well everyone came in at 5:30!"  Well we got there at 5:00, so a half hour lead time to get apps and dinner orders in.
Well duh! There was a show at 7:00 what did you think!  Did you forget that a large number of people would be coming in?
Also thanks for suggesting that we come in at 5:00 when we made reservations, however it should not take close to 2 hours to eat dinner.
Please get your kitchen and wait staff together especially on show nights!!!great experince to dine and then go upstairs for a show!!! i always love the music even if it is new to me. and the food is great! if u r a guiness lover u must try a guiness here! one catch - if u have a table reserved upstairs you must order an entree or two apps per person to hold ur table. so go hungry. and expect to spend 30 bucks.i've eaten here several times before.  i've always been fairly happy with my meals here in the past - decent food, decent service, nothing to go nuts about either way.  however, this past time i was sorely disappointed.
ate here a few nights ago before we attended a show upstairs at the tin angel.  the only thing that interested me on the menu was the scallops with butternut squash puree and pistachio nuts appetizer.  i asked the server if i could get the appetizer in a dinner portion.  he went and checked and came back saying i could, so i ordered it.
2 scallops.  two.  that was the 'entree' portion.  my buddy even said 'should we ask what you would have gotten if you ordered the appetizer portion?'  i wasn't in the mood for a show down, especially since we had to get upstairs for the show, but TWO?!  what, did they throw in a little more butternut squash puree?  add a couple more pistachios?  TWO FREAKIN' SCALLOPS?!  i even rechecked the menu to make sure the appetizer didn't say SCALLOP (singular), but nope, it says SCALLOPS (plural).  
really pissed me off, especially the more i thought about it.  the only reason i gave them two stars is because the food was good.  BUT TWO SCALLOPS!  FOR $23!!!!!!????
needless to say, i only see myself going back to prior to shows upstairs, and i will make sure i ask specific questions like 'how many scallops are you going to serve?'We were attending a show at the Tin Angel upstairs and decided to dine here, both for the reserved seating at the show and because we've eaten here in the past and had good experiences.
This time, we had a bad experience from the moment we sat down, an hour and a half before the concert was to start. Half of us received our drinks when they were ordered, the other half waited at least fifteen minutes and the server had to be reminded to bring them. He then took our order: five burgers and one salad. We didn't get our food until over half an hour later, and because we were attending the concert, had to request our check as we received our food or we never would have made it upstairs in time. 
My burger was fine, if perhaps slightly overcooked for "medium well." My friends, on the other hand, had ordered theirs well done and received barely medium burgers, the entire inside was bright red. We couldn't even send them back, due to the time constraints from the slow service. 
It was not a busy night. There were perhaps five other tables, all were there to see the show. Our reserved tables upstairs were spectacular, but was it worth it? Probably not. We'll probably eat elsewhere the next time we see a show here.I hate to do this but this place is overpriced.  The food and service was good though.  So, maybe I'm just cheap.  Maybe I should give it four stars just in case I go back and they recognize me from my photo...  
Ate here to get a table upstairs at the music venue.  But I will say that I feel the service was slow, luckily I had the time to wait so I wasn't upset.I had heard that the service had suffered over the years and when our friends invited us I was apprehensive.  But apparently the manager Donal is improving the service level. He was personally very attentive, making sure that our off menu drink orders were created correctly. 
The food was good but didn't knock my socks off.I was here just the other night.  My husband and I had reserved seats for a show upstairs and started with dinner down stairs.  
Food:  4 stars
Service: 1 star (maybe lower)
*You can get good food a number of places in Philly that also have terrific service.  Skip this place.   
First, let me say that the Tin Agnel (the music venue upstairs) was great.  The sound techs were amazing and drink service was quick.  I will go back there for a show.
Seranno, however, was less than impressive, but not because the food sucked.  Our waiter and the manager were horribly rude.  We waited 10 minutes after being sat and then finally had to ask for water.  There was no apology.  Another five or ten minutes passed, I got up to altert the manager that we had not been greeted b a waiter.  Still no apology.  He just repeated several times that the waiter would be right over.  The waiter finally came to take our drink order and we told him we were ready to order the entire meal.  He was smug and acted as if we were an nuisance.  This attitude continued throughout the night despite our efforts to be friendly.
On the up side....
Thankfully, they had one server who saved the experience for us a little bit.  She is tall with red hair ( I didn't catch her name) and was the only person there who apologized for anything. She is super hospitable and should probably try to take over this place if there is any hope for it!
My husbands steak was cooked prefect and flavored well.  I had a shrimp special that was delicious.  The berry crumble dessert did not disappoint.
*If one of your favorite bands is playing at the Tin Angel and you want close seats, it is probably worth putting up with the crappy service.I have to say, I was very pleasantly surprised with this place. I had a restaurant.com gift certificate, so decided to try it, and it's really cute on the inside - exposed brick and very cozy feel. They had the fireplace going, so it had a really warm, nice smell when we entered. The service was great, and the food was awesome as well! My sister got the tuna wrapped in nori, which was delicious, she said, and came with seasoned broccoli and mashed potatoes. I got the steak which came perfectly done and with garlicky spinach (I think it normally comes with asparagus, but she was able to switch it for another veggie no problem) and mashed potatoes - it was absolutely delicious.The food here is always excellent and the owner Donal always entertaining.  The great thing about the menu is that you can always find something good, be it seafood, meat or veggie.  We had a table of people with different tastes and temperments and everyone found something they loved.Our 2nd visit to this restaurant and altbough the menu, food, server (Joshua) & service greatly improved! The bartender on the other hand does NOT know how to make drinks. Ordered Baybreeze, he made with grapefruut juice, returned & it really wasnt any better but drinkable. My husband ordered a bloody mary, it was brown. My husband isnt a complainer & will just eat or drink something even if he doesnt like it, so he did. After dinner we ordered drinks waiting for our show to start, big mistake. Ordered 2 Long Island Iced Teas...they came out clear.. CLEAR. I have never seen a long island iced tea clear. Its called that because it looks like iced tea, right? Sent it back & had to google the recipe & show it to the waiter to pass onto the bartender, who had used Sprite instead of coke. It tasted like a watered down gon & tonic. So the new drinks that came back, still sucked...it tasted like a watered down coke gin & tonic and for $15 Ill save my money. If you come here & see a 6' 3", light brown haired baby huey behind the bar, stick to bottled beer, wine or something on the rocks because he is NOT a bartender! Thank God for Joshua our server! Awesome guy!We have gone for Valentines Day the last few years since you must eat here to reserve seats for the show. The food is TERRIBLE and this year was no exception. We had a larger party and half of our party was done their food before the other half's came out. They offered four apps, one of which they were out of by the time we ordered (they also didn't mention to tell us ahead of time they were out). My short ribs were decently cooked, but my husband's burger was over done and didn't come with all the toppings the menu mentioned. Just a waste of a dinner. Next year, we're going to suck it up and just stand during the show to not waste our money at this place.Server was great, very friendly.  It was a busy night for them too.
Mussel app was incredible!  Really, really good and enjoyed the broth tremendously.
Duck breast entree was overcooked and ruined.  Artic Char was just ok, did like the orange in the couscous.  Mussel, shrimp, seafood entree again just ok.  Same with steak frites.  Best part of the meal was the apps."Meh. I've experienced better" fully sums up my opinion of this place. I ate here because I was going to see a show at Tin Angel, and they will reserve a table close to the stage if you eat at the restaurant beforehand. Honestly, I think that might be all this restaurant is good for.
The food is pretty darn overpriced, especially with such great Italian BYOBs throughout the city (this place is not BYO). The tables are cramped, and the service is kinda of spotty.  However, I did enjoy my meal, it was tasty, just not worth the cost. 
Unless you are going to a show afterwords and want a reserved seat, try another restaurant. Heck, try ANY other restaurant in a one block radius of this place.My wife and I went for dinner before a show at Tin Angel on a recent cold Friday night.  Pros: service was attentive, restaurant was cozy, and dinner was promptly served.  Cons: my wife's burger was dwarfed by the bun, her fries were lukewarm, my braised short ribs were ok but the portion was way too small and I had to have a second meal when I got home.  I got the feeling that ownership is more concerned with profitability than focusing on the quality of the dining experience.  All-in-all, there are much better places in Philly to combine dinner with music.  Go to Johnny Brenda's instead, where the entire experience is on a higher level.FIX YOUR SMOKE PROBLEM. There is absolutely NO reason diners should have burning eyes from all of the smoke in your restaurant, which drifts up into the Tin Angel. When customers asked about why there was so much smoke in the restaurant, the staff blamed all of the burger orders. Now, I'm no restaurateur, but I am pretty sure there are many restaurants in this world that can successfully cook burgers without subjecting customers to smoke poisoning. People pay a lot of money for your food and subsequent shows upstairs - you owe it to your customers, and the artists who have to play in these dangerous conditions, to fix this.Very cozy place (especially by the fire).  Earlier reviews are spot on, which helped us curb our expectations.  We went with the burger and meatloaf as well, which were decent, but overpriced.  The service was friendly, albeit slow.  Ate here because of a show at the Tin Angel upstairs - would probably not return except for similar circumstances.I enjoyed both of my visits to Serrano. The establishment was cozy and the decor funky. The staff were very knowledgeable about the menu and extremely friendly (rare find in Philly). 
The dishes were imaginative. I thought the flavors were subtle, but yes also mild. They do have a good variety of dishes including vegetarian.We often make dinner reservations ate Serrano when we attend a show at the upstairs venue, The Tin Angel, and this was no exception. I enjoyed a perfectly cooked medium rare Hanger Steak Frittes and my date the simple salmon grill. Both plates were enjoyed thoroughly and timed well to get us up to our table in time for the opening act. It is rare that I do not enjoy the food at Serrano. This was another delicious experience.Bland overpriced food!  Eat elsewhere before the show.  To get a reserved seat in the Tin Angel, you have to have dinner here.  And you MUST order two appetizers or an entree to eat here.  Forget it.  Too many good places around.I liked the food. My husband and I both ordered their fish (it was ahi tuna and trout)... My trout with capers was tastyyy but slightly on the oilier side..
We were there to see Gabe Dixon upstairs in Tin Angel and it was nice since we got upfront seating (even though its kind of small and doesn't matter where you sit)...
We liked the food, the atmosphere with brick walls and nice decorated turkic plates, with maroon and candlelight is nice...
I'd say 3-stars, not sure if I would go AGAIN since the food is pricey and I want to explore Philly further-- but I'd say go if you haven't and MAKE sure to see a show upstairs (for $10 its definitely cute and worth it)...
they've got some good talent!We have been coming here occasionally for years in order to obtain reserved seating for concerts. They used to give you bread and flavored oil, and that was nixed a few years ago. Well at least they still give you the vegetables and dip, no wait, that was nixed also. Thankfully, the crayons are still there:)
Food is decent, but pricey. Not a place I would go to if I didn't have reserved seating for a show.Serrano (as well as the Tin Angle) is out of business. I'd been occasionally dining here for 3 decades & always enjoyed it. Thanks, Randy, for introducing me to it and, Jude, for many good meals.I got to sample some delicious hummus from Serrano at the awesome Yelp Summer Soiree, so when I was looking for a dinner option a few days later, Serrano came to mind immediately. In the month of July, they're offering street fare instead of their typical menu. The Grilled Corn was prepared fairly simply to maximize the freshness and was delicious. Pulled Pork Soft Taco and Fish Taco were both tasty (although the latter was quite messy). Portions are a little on the small side (we got an extra Corn and Taco to go because we thought we'd still be hungry later) and service is a little slow, but overall the food is tasty. I'll be back to try the regular menu.We came here on a Sunday night around 8:30 & the place was empty altho it's open to 9:30... there were a few people at the bar & a show going on upstairs at Tin Angel.  Our waiter was aloof & the bartender kept answering the extremely loud ringing phone behind the bar, and talking just as loud as the ring. The walls are a dark paint & wood but the lights are really bright in there giving a weird vibe.  This diminished the romantic dinner ambiance but we ordered our food & glasses of wine off their wine list which was bland. The food: I had a goat cheese & bread app which was good and my husband had a seafood bisque.  There wasnt any bread for the table or for the soup, so he asked for some & they brought out some grilled pita (which they charged for, but whatever. need bread with soup!) They have one "vegetarian" dish, but at least 3 others can be made vegetarian and it says so on the menu, so this is always a good thing. I ordered Jersey Pumpkin Gnocchi which was delish & very sweet. It was a HUGE bowl, so big I took half home for dinner the next day.  My husband had Bacon wrapped Meatloaf which was also huge & he ended up taking some home too. The show ended around 9 & some... loud... bar patrons came down to the bar & were super distracting- we could not hold a conversation! The bathroom for upstairs must be in the back downstairs so a dozen or so people started walking by the table.  The food's good so if you're not going for a show, I'd recommend trying to go at a busier dinner hour, in order to absorb some of the bar like feel & which probably makes the bar patrons quieter.  I was there for drinks before & I recalled it being a quiet bar, since it isnt that big.I had read a bunch of reviews before eating here tonite, so I wasnt expecting much but slow service and overpriced bad food. I wasnt disappointed with the slow service since I did expect it. The food was pretty good though, which was a nice surprise. Between the 5 of us we had 2 Shirt Ribs, a Vegetable platter (which really should have had more veggies), Salmon and Gnocchi plus a mussels app & chicken legs app. Everything was really good but with the smaller plates for the veggies, salmon & gnocchi, bread would have been nice to have because we were still hungry when we left, so after the show we grabbed some Nicks Roast Beef sandwiches for at home. Service was very slow & our waiter was expressionless.We came here before we went upstairs to the Tin Angel.  The staff was a little TOO casual if you know what I mean.  Well, I mean that they were a bit slow and the 'manager?'  was very vocal about how a few of our choices were not THAT good.  Really?  I didn't ask....I didn't care.  Besides that, I agree with the blandness critique, but everything we had was pretty good...  Definitely go here if you're going to the Tin Angel though.Although the staff is very friendly the meals are not the quality they use to be. The menu is limited and the chef seems to lack originality and knowledge of seasoning.  Extremely dissapointed.Based only on my experience at the bar: Angie is a great bartender and knows how to make a perfect manhattan. Only to top her bar tending skills are her personal skills.  Definitely will return.Mediocre food and blindingly horrible service. Not worth the reserved seats upstairs. Took an hour and 40 minutes to get our room temp dinner, waiter never came back to even fill our water let alone bring another bottle of wine we were trying to order. Won't be back.My boyfriend and I went to Serrano for dinner last week and had a great experience. We sat at the bar, which has an intamite feel to it. We both had 2 different cocktails that were made by the owner. The cocktails are very creative and delicious. If you enjoy something different and spicy, try to Serrano pepper infusion cocktail. My boyfriend got the lamb and he loved it. I got the scallops and they were cooked perfectly.  We will definitely be going back to try other dishes on the menu. Highly recommend Serrano!Eek! Methinks not is right. The waiter was a pretentious hipster who was more interested in fingering his tight jeans than listening to our order, and the food was tasteless, at best. I would suggest not to go to Serrano unless you are so drunk from a show upstairs at the Tin Angel that you won't mind if you puke up your $120 dinner later.I only made reservations here because I wanted to get reserved setting for a show I was seeing at the Tin Angel. I seen all the negative reviews, but tried to stay open minded. Small, very  unappealing menu. Definitely not a place for a vegetarian/vegan. My boyfriend ordered the scallops appetizer. We actually started to laugh when they came out. Two small scallops- $10. Like really?!?! You are not a top rated, famous restaurant who call pull that shit! We each order the salmon dish, salmon was nothing special and again very small portion. The service also sucked. During the show I ran down hoping they had a good desert. We ordered chocolate bread pudding. It took 10 mins. I was missing out on the show so ran up and had my boyfriend run down, still not done. A microwaved, dry piece of stale tasting cake. $72.00- waste of money.TERRIBLE!!!  
This place is horrible.  Not only is the food gross and almost as pretentious as the clientele and waitstaff, but the owner is one dull, boring perosn.......GO TO SASSAFRASS!!!!  Its right down the street and the owner/slash waitstaff is engaging and hilarious.  They treat you with respect and dignity.  Serrano is a gross sleazy place that makes want to shower when you leave.The only positive thing that can be said about our experience is the cold food that took 90 minutes to get to the table tasted good. The waiter hid and the management tried to insinuate there was nothing unreasonable about giving our table 20 minutes to eat our meal before heading up to the Tin Angel for the show.Ok, so went here this past Sunday for the Hoots VDay show...Serrano and Tin Angel have been doing this for 9 years now, and my friends and I have been to 8 of the 9 (my one buddy and his wife have been to all 9)...anyway, in the past 8 years of doing this night, the food has steadily gone downhill, and this past Sunday night was its worst...
So upon walking in with our reservation for 10, Serrano in itself had a nice unpleasant haze of smoke throughout the entire place...it was annoying, it stunk, and it led you to believe that no one who worked there gave a $hit to remedy the problem...at times it was making our eyes water and I even asked one of the waitresses "what is on fire?"  This is how the night began...
Move onto our table and our reservation of 10 was split, they made 6 of us sit at one table and my remaining 4 friends were behind us...this made no sense because it was not at all that crowded and we could have easily all been together, ESPECIALLY being that my boy who makes the reservation every year has been to all 9 of these shows and always brings a reservation of no less then 10 people with him...restaurant 101 would tell you to take care of a customer like this, even if it is only once a year, but such is not the case for Serrano...
Once seated the menus were already on the table (special menu for VDay) so we all started to view the menu and see what was up...menu was SUUUUUUUPER small, about 4 appetizer selections and I wanna say 5 entree selections (give or take 1 on either)...once our waiter came over we started with the debacle of ordering...my wife and I wanted to split the mussel appetizer and as luck would have it, the waiter told us "we're out of that"...why not tell us that immediately, or even get a stupid pen and cross it off of the already small selections you were offering?  Made no sense, so no appetizer for us...my other buddies got the beet salad appetizer and both said it was "nasty"...their words, not mine...so I placed my order for dinner and got the burger, which wasn't what I was dying for, but after the past 8 years of coming I knew to not set the bar high here at Serrano...the burger actually sounded good, was presented on the menu as having capers, a pickle, this and that and what sounded best was the "truffle oil aioli"...I also asked for burger to be medium well...now, I was at the table of 6 and after we ordered the waiter went onto my remaining 4 friends behind us and began taking their order, and the best was when 2 of my friends went for the gnocchi entree, the waiter sat down next to them to explain some bull$hit of how there were only 9 of those left for the entire restaurant and 4 were already ordered and who would want the 1 left they could give away, blah blah blah...listen, you know months in advance you're offering a special VDay menu you stock up and have the necessary ingredients so the people dining at 8pm can enjoy what you have...not like we were ordering at 11pm, we were ordering at 8pm...it gets better...so in the time of the ordering fiasco, my 4 friends behind us got their meals and ate before my 6 top was even served, and we ordered first?!  Not to mention when our dinner finally came my burger was dog$hit (specifically hope the cook and owner read this cause I'd do circles around either one of you in the kitchen and you both should be ashamed of what you were serving and calling a burger)...the bun was day old at best, the burger itself was charred, not a tad overcooked, not medium well like I ordered, but black...the red onions on it were wilted and not fresh, there were a few pieces of old baby spinach thrown on it, fries were saturated in oil and sucked, and the "truffle oil aioli" was mother-funking Hellman's...worst part wasn't even eating it cause I was starving, the worst part of it was having to pay for it...I've eaten better MRE's then this burger...
Finally after we pay and begin to go upstairs to see Hoots, I went to the bar to get my wife and myself a drink for the show...there was 1 gentleman at the bar and the restaurant was pretty much empty since the 10pm Hoots show was about to begin and the bartender (taller woman with blonde hair half shaved) made me feel like I was on her last nerve for waiting to get a drink...when she finally decided to make eye contact (cause she was on the phone with the upstairs bar and was doing anything to not serve me) she a had a touch of that Philly bartender attitude with the "what do you want?"...I've been in the service industry for a long time and still bartend, and aside from being able to do circles around her and ANY other bartender on staff, she didn't have to act how she did...she did try and somewhat extend an olive branch when she knew I had been more then patiently waiting and backed everything up with a please and thank you, and then after getting 2 drinks I left a good tip...
All in all this place blows...food is god awful and the owner(s) need to call Jon Taffer...Oh hell no.  When I pay $23 for a dish and I'm not full, like not even close to being full, you better believe I'm not going back.  One doesn't go out to eat to essentially not eat.  I don't get it.  Four of us met up there last night.  We all went out for pizza afterwards to get full.  My plate had three measly pieces of lamp rack and a handful of succotash.  It's a shame cause the food is tasty.Overpriced food.   Would not accept a restaurant.com coupon because we told him we had seen a show upstairs earlier that we paid for.   The place was completely empty.   The bartender (owner) was rude.  Made a point of trashing other restaurants that we said we frequented.Went here for dinner so we could get preferred seating for a Matt Andersen show at Tin Alley. I've never been to Serrano or Tin Alley before. The show was great, the food was not. Very small, almost tapas like portions that were full plate priced. Everything tasted fine but not outstanding. When you order roasted chicken with red quinoa and get barely more than a quarter chicken and two fork fulls of quinoa for $17.50, you just don't go back. There is a very good beer selection, but shouldn't be hungry after eating.Not a chance in hell. We purchased tickets to see a duo perform upstairs and made a reservation to get the preferred seating. Upon entering at prime dinner hours I noticed the place had ZERO patrons. We got to choose our seating which was nice though.  After ordering a round for the 5 of us we gave our order. Two of us wanted apps and the other two main entrees and the 5th person had already ate and was just drinking.  The waiter tersely says if you want reserved seating everyone must order an entrée or two appetizers. Let me tell you the apps in this place aren't a bargain. We're talking $12 minimum. I could see if the place was jammed enforcing such a policy but let me reassert....there were zero customers in the place at 6:30.  
Piece of cake decision, we told him we're fine with just leaving. We left, ate elsewhere and still scored prime seating upstairs at the Tin Angel (which has terrific sound).  I am glad we didn't eat there because later after seeing two actual customers get meals, the portions were microscopic. This place clearly is out for the "fleece".
To summarize the smart guys at Serrano could have netted: $70 in food orders and two more rounds of drinks ($60 dollars more) along with good will and intent to return.
Actual outcome: 5 dejected customers who will never return to this unfriendly, stingy place.
Businesses go out of businesses one customer at a time...way to fast track Serrano.Great food, excellent cocktails recommendation from DONAL, & always an amazing hospitality from Mr. McCOY!Had dinner here before the show and inside is cozy, the menu is extremely small. The prices are expensive which is okay if you get your monies worth, clearly not here. No bread with your dinner and the entree is small, we were hungry shortly after. I recommend eating elsewhere before a show.Absolute worst service I have ever had... Unbelievable. 90 minutes to get an app,  2 hours to get dinner, you have to jump up and down to get attention just to get a drink. Worst service possible. Wish there was the option for no stars.Yes, the service sucked, but the  guiness lamb shank fell off the bone.Food was ok.  Small portions and expensive.  But what irked me most was the pretention of the waiters.Not sure why there are bad reviews. We came here for dinner before a show upstairs at the Tin Angel and everything was great!! I got the salmon which was reasonably priced and delicious! Great service, as well.Ok, this is the last time I will ever come here again. The only reason I eat here is for reserved seating for the Tin Angel, and it still doesn't justify dinner. I had a burger and it was OK, but no where near one of the premium burgers in the city, and yet they charge the premium price of $16.00. Rouge charges the same, and it's worth the money. Village whiskey charges $13.00. My husband and friend had the scallops. 4 small scallops on 2 tomatoe slices with some corn, for $23.00.This would be a great dinner if you are on a diet, but the normal person will still be hungry afterwards. Don't get me wrong, the food is OK, but overpriced, and portions are small.The Serrano knows they have a captive audience (the place was totally empty once the show started), and instead of building a reputation based on their food, they are building their business on people who have no other choice if they want reserved seating.Stopped in for a drink/nightcap after an earlier dinner. Donal (sp?), the owner remembered me from an earlier visit and I give him props for that. Friendly bartender and a good selection of beers guarantees a return visit. One of our party didn't like their Yuengling draft and I have to agree that it was a little offputting.New menu....the pistachio crusted Perch was fresh and full of flavor with a potato and lentil side that added good textural balance. Service was average.Avoid at ALL costs!!!
Bland food and the restaurant gets ***very SMOKY!!*** This smoke issue is clearly not the first time, if you see the previous reviews. Its a nightmare to sit through dinner.Amazing. . . in the sense that it took an hour and 15 minutes fir our appetizers to get to the table, still partly warm (after so much time, I was excited and ate anyway). The server was not very efficient and the food overpriced. Though, if you plan far ahead enough, your dinner experience at least nets you a reserved table at the music venue upstairs.Meh. Overpriced, unimpressive. Except there's great music upstairs.
I had a few friends making a tour stop at the Tin Angel, and since they didn't have a whole lot of time between sound check and set start, we decided to grab a bite at Serrano.
We made it pretty clear that we were in a hurry as we sat down. The server seemed rather indifferent. Service was slow. One of our party actually had to leave before the food arrived. I ordered the pumpkin gnocchi, which tasted more reminiscent of bland gingerbread than anything else. Sauce was somewhat watery, almost like they didn't really drain the gnocchi. Hardly worth $20 a plate. Ordered a Blue Moon, and it was skunked. But the acoustics upstairs are awesome. 
Everyone has off nights, but if the food, service and beer off and overpriced, well that doesn't leave much else besides decor. The place was pretty, I guess. Oh, and did I mention the Tin Angel is upstairs?
Go for the music. Tin Angel is one of the best sounding rooms around. Serrano can have one of Tin Angel's leftover sixth star for being in the same building.We laughed about Serrano all the way home because it was better than crying over spending $133.00 before tipping for dinner for three & leaving hungry. The portions are ridiculously small. A $16.00 featured appetizer is 6 slices of salami sized slices of meat with two small (but rich) pieces of cheese, dabbed with a tablespoon each of a fancy mustard & house made bacon bourbon concoction plus a tiny hunk of honeycomb. Intended to be eaten on five thin slices of baguette for three people to share. The five precious slices come in what is supposed to be a charming crock, but this vanity item is actually a form of portion control. Items were tasty, but would have been a rip off at $12.00 & to be left begging for bread? Tacky. 
Friend ate an expensive "burger" that was the only decently sized portion at the table, so thick it was impossible to cook to "well-done" as it was ordered unless it could be finished in the oven. 
My $25 lamb crepe was a scant burrito size, by scant I mean it was barely filled by barely filled I mean it was six bites & I have acceptable table manners! My husband actually winced when he saw his veggie curry, the shallow pasta sized dish was 1/3rd full of good spring vegetables, but geeze. Of course salads, would be extra. 
Drinks & ambiance were fabulous & competitively priced. The atmosphere was cool & the music in the bar is great if you're a Gen-Xer. 
Seriously, my advice: do yourself a favor, eat at Silk City, leave your car parked on the street over there or wherever & take a cab to & from the Tin Angel if you're catching a show. By using this simple strategy, you'll still have an extra $70 in your pocket at the end of the night!!! No joke. 
Venue upstairs nice & intimate, don't be suckered into the dinner trap. It is so small you will almost be able to touch the performer as you walk by them to the awkwardly located upstairs bathroom, which is behind the stage. Service was fine & friendly enough.slowest service ; martini wasn't made well. way to hot in there- wouldn't ever go backFebruary 2012
First and last time at this restaurant/ music venue.  You never get a second chance to make a first  impression. 
 We were 2 of 8 diners at Serrano Restaurant there to have dinner & a show.  The waiter, George, took so long to take our order, we only wanted to order appetizers for fear it would not all be out in time for our 7:30 show.  George began to give us grief about the minimum food order we needed to have in order to have a reservation and told us what time we should have gotten there.  He was quite rude in the way he went about it and we all subsequently made comments about his rudeness.  In the end, George, who never checked on us or made eye contact with us the entire night, was quite insulted.  The food was good, but unfortunately, terribly overshadowed by narcissistic wait staff and management.Do not waste your money here.  The food is decent but the service is awful.  My waiter (like another review said) made a mistake on the bill in his favor.  When we asked about it, he was indifferent and rude (and frankly, made me feel uncomfortable and cheap for using a gift certificate).  
I've been here twice (gave it another shot) and was extremely disappointed both times.  Both waiters were rude, indifferent - the too cool for school type who make you feel inferior just for being in their presence at their fancy restaurant.
The service is slow, slow, slow (even when there's only 2 other parties in the restaurant).  No apologies for a 20 minute wait for our beverages, kept us waiting just to show our ID's.  
So the kitchen gets 3 stars, service gets 1.  too bad, the chef probably works hard.
Don't go!!! If you want to get priority seating for the show upstairs, just get a drink and the vegetarian dips/appetizers (reasonable, 4 appetizers for $15).  Don't waste anymore money than that.This was our first time back after many years and we will never go again. We arrived at 6:30 and told the hostess/server about our 8 PM show at the Arden. We waited 20 min for her to even take our drink orders. After an hour of waiting for food (the table next to us were waiting even longer) we looked for the manager and told him we were running out of time. He disappeared. At 7:45 the server came to tell us she was sorry that there were problems in the kitchen. We were sorry too - that we had ever gone there - and we walked out with no dinner and no apology from the manager.  Food may be decent but we will never bother to find out.One of the best meals I have ever enjoyed.   The crab cakes were outstanding.   Great service and great atmospherei ususally get takeout to the green room when i play a show here.
it is always tasty.
the endMy date and I were looking for somewhere to have dessert.  We happened into Serrano, on a Saturday afternoon.  It was nearly empty, and playing hits from the 40s and 50s.  The music was low enough that conversation could be had, but loud enough that we considered slow dancing to it.  The dessert was something chocolate - although I can't quite remember what.  It was FANTASTIC and we ate every bite.  I'm planning on going back this weekend with a friend of mine from out of town.  What an absolute gem this is.Despite thoughs that believe price and ambiance are correlated, this place provides as an example as it being not. 
The food was good; however, it took a while for it to get to us. We did not order anything grand, just a burger and meatloaf. Because my girl loves truffles she kept it simple with the Kobe burger, and later felt that it was still a bunch of hype.... 
Conclusion - good food, but try them if you are there for a concert upstairs, not for ambiance.I was on foot to a completely different bar one night and since I had almost lost sensation in my hands and stumbled upon this place, I followed the diversion and I stepped in. It was a quiet night and with my back to a fireplace while seated at the bar, I took in a couple of divine irish coffees. Once my limbs, nose and cheeks were adequately perfused again I set back out on my quest but not without a world of greatfulness for the recharge....AVOiD this place!  Four of us had dinner on 2/12 prior to great concert upstairs and what a disappointment.  Undercooked and over cooked, out of items, slow service, attitude on phone about dinner and concert seating, so smokey our eyes were watering (smelled more like backed up chimney with fireplace than kitchen smoke.  Menu lacks variety - modest grilled vegetable entree 18.00.  We complained and the waited started to explain how vegetables cost more in the winter months.  ZERO tip.We dined there for the first time because we purchased tickets to see Mike Doughty in their upstairs music room The Tin Angel.  When we arrived for our reservation we were seated immediately and waited on just as quickly.  We selected the Frito Misto - Crispy Spiced Calamari, Shrimp & Shallots with a Cranberry Dipping Sauce and the Steamed Mussels with Light Lemongrass Coconut Broth House Made Curry.  Both were delicious and arrived at our table quickly.  For our main course we split the Guinness Braised Lamb Shank with Candied Baby Vegetables and Bailey's Irish Cream Whipped Mash.  We substituted a house salad for the veggies.  Perhaps we were not clear, but the salad was served with the meal about 30 minutes after we finished our appetizers and hence one of two reasons for the 4 stars instead of 5.  For the record, the salad does not allow for a choice of dressing, but the house dressing was yummy.  The fall off the bones lamb was seasoned perfectly and the mashed were the most unique and delicious we ever experienced.  The molten lava cake was to die for. This old converted building is very narrow and makes for sitting too close to the server traffic.  The decor is interesting, but the narrow seating area reduces the ambience.  After dinner we went upstairs for the show at our reserved seats which are provided if one orders a meal prior to the show.  Our seat was listed as "Q" which led us to believe we would be seated near the back of this long narrow review.  Wrong, we were right in front of the stage.  Mike Doughty put on the great show we expected and the acoustics were phenomenal. As a professional musician, I would die to have the sound and captivated audience this room lends itself to.   Except for the confusion on our salad and the long wait for the main course our experience was very positive and we plan to return when visiting Philly again.Walked in off the street with my girlfriend on a Friday evening.  It was cozy and has that Old Town feel.  I enjoyed the Lamb shank with broccoli rabe.  Minh had the steak dinner.  The waiters were very attentive and knowledgeable about the beers and food menu- I enjoyed engaging them in conversation related to the same. We would have stayed longer and  would have given this place 5 stars if the folks at the bar hadn't become obnoxiously loud.It's a beautiful looking place, but the food is EXTREMELY overpriced and the food was absolutely horrible. It looked like it had come straight out of a can. I do a lot of cooking, while I'm no chef, I clearly saw that the shrimp was cheap and badly cooked, the sauce was from a jar with no added seasonings, the pasta was overboiled, the dessert was out of a box. Complete bullshit, I came to this place for a special dinner with my girl, but I ended up getting screwed by the restaurant instead!Sure the food and booze was expensive, it's Philly...2nd St. in Philly.
The waiter was a bit weird by saying something about not rushing us but it is Friday night (Uh duh, thanks for letting us know) and it's their busiest night with two sold out shows. Um, I'm here for the one sold out show, ace.
Anyway, we had a few drinks...lager for her and cosmos for me. Holly had the chicken pot pie, while I had the 7 pepper meatloaf. All was very yummy, loved the spiciness of the meatloaf. The mashed potatoes didn't have any flavor, but the spinach was garlicky and really good. The chicken pot pie looked delicious and it was creamy, hot goodness.
Holly had a mint ice cream thing for dessert, I chose to have another cosmo before the show.
Loved the decor, especially the exposed brick on the walls. Small, intimate and service was good (other than the "rushing us but not rushing us" thing).Celebrated our anniversary here recently.  The staff is hard working and very friendly.  We felt welcomed.  Loved the real fireplace.  The lamb chops were delicious, if a bit pink for my taste.  Next time I'll say "well done."  Donal is an excellent host.This place has a 5-star atmosphere - enter by passing through a red curtain, and then proceed to a dining room lit by a roaring fire. All in all a very pleasant space. The place wasn't very crowded, but many people appeared to be headed to a show upstairs at Tin Angel.
As for the food, the servings were reasonably generous. A bit on the expensive side for what was offered, but good nonetheless. The meal was served with a free appetizer of vegetables and dip.
The waiter was reasonably attentive. He made two accounting errors on the bill (in his favor), but was polite when I corrected them. I guess they aren't used to using restaurant.com coupons.The restaurant, the food, the staff were fabulous!! I told them I was vegan and they happily made me some grilled tofu with veggies and rice. I am a huge fan and would rec to anyone. Everyone else in my party loved their food as well.We eat at Serrano whenever we are going to a concert at the Tin Angel.  It gets you a reserved table up front.  There was a time when they had a great middle eastern menu with tapas appetizer selections.
Now the menu is ok.  We were there recently and the service was terrible.  They weren't that crowded, but we sat for 15 minutes before a drink order was taken.  We ordered salads and our main course.  20 minutes later, we had to flag down our waitress for the salads.  Another 30 minutes went by with our empty glasses on the edge of the table to be seen.  As our waitress went by a dozen times, we finally asked another waiter to talk to a manager.  He was pleasant and did comp our next round of drinks.  Pork Chops were ok, could have used a bit more sear.  burger was very rare, asked for medium.  At this point we were almost late for show.
I want them to be better.  We need to eat there when we go to shows!  Maybe next time just desserts...Went to a sold out show here recently - I would try to avoid this venue in the future for several reasons.  1. It is cramped and crammed - the person who mentions 'its like watching a concert on an airplane' pretty much nailed it.  However, that is not the worst of it.  The person who runs the place (and I think owns it) is just plain rude and NOT a good host.  Getting a smile out of most of the staff is also a challenge.  In balance - the food was good and the sound was fine.  But overall - I hope artists I like to see avoid this venue.
If you are just there for dinner -- it is a nice place...Serrano is about 20 years old, and has a lot of character. Chandeliers hang, laden with Christmas decorations and plates adorn their brick walls. By their bar, there's a homey, working fireplace. A friend and I had dinner by their entrance (slightly drafty) and could hear live music from the nearby Tin Angel. Eventually, it died down, to be replaced by their stereo system and the murmur of fellow diners. While we were waiting, we doodled on the table with the crayons left for us.
Their international menu is accommodating to vegetarians, with items like paprikash and phad thai. I had the Malaysian pork chop with udon noodles, mushrooms, and asparagus (~$17). We shared a baba ganouj ($9). Sadly, our dishes were sorely lacking in flavor.
One highlight that Serrano provides is their hand-painted hot sauce caddy. It holds a random selection of spicy sauces, including a viciously hot sauce that has to be dispensed from a eyedropper - now THAT was a winner. Personable, on-the-mark service (Jill, Jamie, and Ross) kept our water glasses full, thank goodness!
I'll return to sample their caddy again, and to try a burger or their Chinese dumplings. Hopefully plain food isn't a part of Serrano's repertoire!