Mochi was hard and stale. Ice cream roll was hard. I had Ferro Roche. Fruits are frozen. You better off go to ChinatownFirst time trying rolled ice cream and I loved it!! A little expensive but delicious. And everyone there was very patient with my indecisiveness, definitely recommend if you are looking for a rolled ice cream place to try! Got the hazelnut chocolate with some add ins and it was greatThere are cheaper fried ice cream shops out there. Everything tasted the way it's supposed to. They charged me $7 for the Matcha, banana, blueberry, and  whipped cream.They open yesterday I try this ice cream first time amazing really fresh and yummy for this summer great options they have and they can explain u all about this ice cream good suggestionYou can choose the base which is premium or vegan. Then they have the flavors that have been pre-set (it isn't your plain regular flavor like chocolate or vanilla). Lastly you get the choose a variety of toppings. Example, I chose to mix 2 flavor which is wild berries (blackberry, blueberry, strawberry) with Hawaiian dream (real coconut shavings). They also ask if you like chocolate or caramel drizzle before they roll it up. They come in one size only for $7 even though I mix 2 flavors! I believe the toppings are unlimited too. Everyone is very friendly in there! 
About the taste - I personally am unsatisfied with the taste. The ice cream is cold, doesn't really melt in the mouth. The milky taste isn't strong nor flavorful. It definitely can be better!  I would come back and try it again in the future, hopefully it will improve !took a while to flatten the ice cream and roll it up but was worth it. interesting way of preparing ice creamI had the rittenhouse ice cream with Oreos and whip cream it was delicious. Quick service, good price, def would go again. Loved itAnother great rolled ice cream shop in the city! It's usually pretty busy but they also deliver on Grubhub and ubereats! Love their menu and flavor options and they have quite a few topping options. They also have mochi in a little freezer for purchase.More of a novelty thing because the ice cream is custom made just for you and you get to see it being frozen and rolled for you. 
What you're paying for is the fact that a staff member has to painstaking and carefully custom make your order and you get an Instagram photo op as they ask your name then spell it out in chocolate sauce just prior to them scraping that up and rolling it into a cup. 
The ice cream comes out so, so cold that you can barely taste a thing. It's part of what's needed for the flash freezing process. 
You get a huge amount (7 rolls I think) and it's also unlimited toppings, so all in all becomes more an exercise in quantity over quality. I'm a big believer that it should be the other way around, but then I'm European.Highly recommend the strawberries and Nutella flavor!!! I do wish that there were more topping options, which is why I can't give a 5 star rating.There seems to only be one person running the place most of the time. The rolled ice cream was decent but took much too long since they were understaffed. The toppings selection is also very limited and underwhelming. The space is rather large and could use more seating and decor to attract business. There was literally only 3 seats at a small counter when I was there. They do have a small mochi ice cream fridge with some unique flavors but I found it to be very overpriced for the taste of them. They could do much better.If  you enjoy spending $7 for $2 worth of ice cream this is a great place to go.  Admittedly, the ice cream tastes good.  However, the service is terrible and those working at the establishment make no effort to seem like they are interested in your being there.Ordered online....1 marshmallow, hardly crushed Oreo ?  Could of done this better myself instead of waiting an hour. Def getting our money back.What a great addition to the neighborhood! We really enjoyed the rolled ice cream we got and can't wait to try the other flavor combos and mochi. There are a ton of topping options. Also saw sandwiches on their menu. So could be a spot for a complete meal ending with dessert.Sweet charlies has a better death by chocolate- the brownies in the 7th heaven rittenhouse are crunchier/rather than soft like sweet charliesThis was my first time ever having ice cream made like this. Tasted amazing. The staff was very friendly and fun to talk to. 
Best ice cream I've ever had.This was my first rolled ice cream event. It was good but I needed to take advantage of the toppings. I wasnt really sure how it worked to be honest or what to expect. I would do it again.Visiting here from Chicago and I have to say, it's very good. Nice menu to choose from with lots of topping options.. I'll be visiting here again.I have always wanted to try rolled ice cream so I was so happy when I came across Seventh Heaven. However, if it wasn't for a sign near the intersection I would have completely missed this place. There is not much in the door or on the window to let you know that it is an ice cream store.
Anyway, the ice cream is made right in front of you. For $7 you choose whether you want vegan or premium ice cream, you choose the flavor and then whatever toppings you want. I got the banana nutella ice cream with chocolate syrup and whipped cream on top. I shared it with my sister. You get a lot of ice cream for the $7. The ice cream is so good and not overly sweet. The rolled ice cream idea is a great one!I came here on Friday night with my guy very spontaneously. It was my first rolled ice cream experience. I got the flavor that had Oreo in it and it was fun watching them create the rolled ice cream. My favorite part was the unlimited toppings. Overall I would say the taste was good and the toppings were fun. However it is a bit expensive but I do think part of the cost is for the show. The staff was very friendly as well.First time in Philadelphia and very first time trying hand- rolled ice cream & not only is this city awesome! So is this ice cream. Absolutely AMAZING and what made my experience even better was the customer service I received from Matt. Matt not only did a great job with my order, he took the initiative to talk to me and he told me about what the city had to offer and recommended some places to check out. Thank You, Matt!This is another establishment that has join the rolled ice cream trend in Philly. I believe this is relatively new and we were craving ice cream so decided to give this a try. 
We got the Ferraro Rocher rolled ice cream and all of the rolled ice cream are at a set rate at $7 with unlimited toppings. 
We thought it was pretty good and the staff were really friendly. They have French macarons there and mochi ice cream too. Not sure how that fits with the rolled ice cream concept but hey, it's another way to draw in customers. 
Compared to the other rolled ice cream places I've been to in Philly, you have unlimited toppings (you can only pick a few toppings at Ice Land before getting charged more) and this has a seating area (there's nowhere to sit at Sweet Charlie's, except for the nearby park). If I'm in the mood for rolled ice cream, I would come back.Stumbled upon this place on my way back to work. And lord have mercy when I say... this has got to be the most delicious thing I've ever had the pleasure of experiencing. The shop is small, run by very friendly service. Almost missed it before I turned the corner. But the inside is pleasant and the staff are super nice. The guy who made the ice cream for us explained everything as he was going along to humor us and our fascination.
 I got the Strawberry Kiss which is flavored by the sweet heavens with a generous fresh cut strawberry slice and Nutella drizzle. Topped it off with more strawberries, mandarin mochi, and some whipped cream. Aaaaaaannnnnddd you've got the best thing made since sliced bread. I will most definitely be returning and telling my friends to come with!My second experience here was much better than first one maybe because of what I chose, but I wish there was more variety in the base, like different flavors than just vanilla or white colored one.Very nice and accommodated peanut allergies. Also carry grilled cheese and vegan options. :)Love that all the flavours come in vegan options at no extra cost! Incredibly friendly serviceThis isn't just ice cream, this is an ice cream EXPERIENCE. It's art that tastes like heaven. Go out of your way to have dessert here!!I came into this establishment yesterday and i was so excited to get rolled ice cream with my family (who were in town visiting). I decided to get the Nutella Banana vegan ice cream, (which tasted delicious). However, I was very disappointed to discover A HAIR inside the ice cream once I devoured the toppings. I understand things happen, but I could no longer enjoy this delicious treat when I realized the hair couldn't possibly be mine... so I threw it out.
I calmly walked up to the cashier and showed him the hair on a napkin. For the record, the employees do wear hats but the individual who made my ice cream had hair in his face (similar to the dark hair i found in my dessert) Surprised and embarrassed, the cashier apologized but did not offer a solution to what seemed like a waste of $7. I'm sure this shop has other tasty treats but sadly, i will not be returning for lack of accommodation.5 for the service 
The employee making my ice cream had a very warm and welcoming demeanor. There was definitely a showmanship in the way he made the dessert which was very entertaining. Some of the other customers even filmed it! 
3 for the actual taste 
I ordered the matcha ice cream and it was a bit bland. I'm still in love with this place and I'll definitely be back soon to try the other flavors. I love that it is in the heart of center city financial district- very convenient!Not my first Thai rolled ice cream experience in philadelphia. Overall disappointed. The staff overall from the cashier to the ice cream maker were not friendly and barely acknowledged we were there and seemed in a hurry to get us out.
Got the S'mores. Overall good flavor. The ice cream maker was in a rush and didn't dice up all the of the cracker. Overall creamy, great unlimited toppings, and good chocolate flavor. Not the best of flavors or variety of toppings in the city but pretty good.A different type of ice cream. You pay for the show as it s interesting to watch the guys go through the process of making their specialty items. I got the smores flavor and the guy toasted the marshmallow with a torch in front of me which was fun to watch. The ice cream it self was okay, but kinda of pricey.Seventh heaven ice cream is definitely delicious but atmosphere and service left a lot to be desired. I'm assuming it was meant to be an experience and it lacked the friendliness and service you'd expect while waiting almost 5 to 7 minutes for them to make your ice cream flavor. At 7 bucks for some rolled ice cream (which is a lot less than what it looks like) I'd skip it.It was 8:30pm, and 80 degrees out and this place was a wonderful discovery. Not busy for that time of day, which was in my favor. I had a sweet tooth and needed to cool off after walking around town for hours. I had wanted to try rolled ice cream for awhile, as I had seen plenty of pictures of this delicious treat on social media. I got the strawberry kiss, which is strawberries and nutella. They make the ice cream right there in front of you, and add whatever toppings you would like. I chose a caramel drizzle, with chocolate shavings, extra strawberries and whipped topping. Its great having so many options for a single price.I tried their Ferrero rocher which was so good. I was very happy with their different flavors. Definitely will try another flavor next time. Ice cream was not too sweet that I liked it. Will be back again soon.This was my first time trying rolled ice cream and I'm so glad I decided to try it here. This a cute, very clean little shop in center city. There are a handful of creative, yummy options and half the fun is watching them roll the ice cream!! I can't remember the name of what I ordered but it had Nutella and truly was HEAVENLY. 
The staff was super nice and welcoming. The guy who took our orders even wrote our names out in chocolate syrup! 
Overall, great experience and I can't wait to go back!A little limited in flavours but some excellent ice cream nonetheless. A nice short walk from Rittenhouse Square.Okay kids,
Last month we headed up to Philly for the day and one of the places we stumbled upon by chance was Seventh Heaven Ice Cream.  They've got this rolled up ice cream gimmick and it's pretty darn good.  They flatten out the ice cream, mix in some goodies, and roll it up into your cup. It's actually several little mini rolls in there.
It was spendier than I'd like, but we're smack dab in the tourist district so it's pretty much on par with normal for that area.
The ice cream was good, the facility was clean, the people working the counter were nice.  I'd like to go back and try some other flavors tho.  Overall it was some good stuff!Really food. Came from southern California and this was really good. Did not disappointAmazing mochi!! Particularly loved the passionfruit, green tea and black sesame. Hand rolled ice cream is pretty good but thought the flavor options were just okay - would like a bit more filling added which would lend to better flavor. Had the coffee and fererr rocher and the flavors were both very subtle. Would like to try one of the Nutella flavors next time.My fiancé and I had been wanting to try rolled ice cream for a few weeks. Did a quick search, and Seventh Heaven was within walking distance with great reviews. The staff was friendly and helped us navigate the choices. For $7 you get a good amount of ice cream and unlimited toppings. Will definitely be revisiting!In a word? Disappointing. Fun to watch but beyond that really leaves a lot to be desired. Lines can get pretty long and depending on how many people are working, the line might not move that quickly. It's cool that there are vegan options for every flavor, and a good amount of toppings to choose from. But the ice cream itself was actually so bland and had a ton of room for more flavor. Between 4 of us we got 3 different flavors: Oreo, Ferrero Rocher and coffee. All 4 of us felt that the flavor of the ice cream fell quite flat and at $7 a pop one would expect a more satisfying experience than that. Cool to watch, makes for a good picture but honestly don't see myself going back.I just stopped by at 10:30 pm. I didn't imagine it was still opened! I enjoyed their performance as well as great taste!Came here to try rolled ice cream for the first time and I LOVED it! I got the premium base, with mint oreo flavoring, and chocolate chips, Oreos and whipped cream toppings.
The employees were so friendly and explained the steps well. The ice cream was flavorful, yet light. There are unlimited toppings here & it only comes in one size, for $7! It was worth the money and was a fun experience!
Highly recommend! Check this place out!After spending five days in Manhattan finding absolutely no vegan ice cream on my travels I was thrilled to find some vegan rolled ice cream in Philly on a hot day. I have no idea what exactly the vegan ice cream is made of...looked like translucent liquid before they poured it on the cold slab, but it tasted decent...I got matcha green tea with chocolate sauce, chocolate pieces and almond pieces. If they'd had a public restroom, I'd have given it five stars.I'm not a huge rolled ice cream fan but the ingredients were fresh and the service was good. I'll recommend this place to anyone who wants to try rolled ice cream.I visited Seventh Heaven on opening day and enjoyed a $2 discount off the standard flat $7 fee (no incremental charge for toppings!). I liked the friendly people, the 4 stations (which will help operationally given the time-intensive work to chop, mix, spread, and roll the ice cream), and the buy-6-get-the-7th-free loyalty card. My "Gimme S'More" with a half-graham cracker, toasted marshmallow, and Nutella drizzle was quite tasty - I'll be back!The ice cream here was very flavorful and the ice cream makers were very friendly. I tried Sweet Charlie's 3 times before finally coming here, and thought the flavor of the ice cream was way better here. I had the banana Nutella flavor and it really came across in the ice cream (I've had pretty bland rolled ice cream in the past, but this place definitely did not disappoint). I had the vegan base, which had great texture and flavor. They have a great selection of toppings as well. I am also looking forward to trying the mochi ice cream. I will definitely be back, and will send friends :)The ice cream for me seemed very straight forward and nothing with flare.  The options for toppings were super nice though.  I ended up with one of the best employees there if not THE best ;)
Wish I could've tried the mochi there, but I'll have to settle for Whole Foods for odd flavored mochi or Asian grocery stores pretty much.Seventh Heaven serves freshly made rolled ice cream with UNLIMITED topping options! We always come back for the Wonderfilled Heaven, which combines a milky ice cream base (perfect sweetness) with freshly smashed Oreos and it is heavenly. The staff here is always very welcoming and friendly, and the inside is clean and comfortable. 
You can also get a stamp card and get a free ice cream on your seventh visit!Go crazy, go wild with your  combinations.  There are so many ice cream flavors and toppings to choose from!  It's lighter than hard ice cream, but more solid than soft serve. This place does offer more than just cups of ice cream  but I'll try that another day.
I've never had rolled ice cream before this. Heck, i've never even heard of rolled ice cream before this experience. Glad I wandered in here,  I will go back for more!This place has closed permanently. Went by tonight at 8 pm on Friday night 12/28/18 and  there was a for rent sign up in the window and place was empty/cleaned out.I brought my 3 and 5 year olds here for a treat. The Oreo ice cream roll has ONE Oreo in it. ONE. And it's $7. Sure you get unlimited toppings but still. My kiddo asked for mini marshmallows as a topping and he got 4. I don't mind paying for good ice cream but this was a little ridiculous. Plus I tasted it and found it pretty flavorless. And then my 3 year old needed to use the bathroom but they don't have one. Ugh. Just a frustrating experience unfortunately.This is my new favorite place for desserts in Philly! We tried this for the first time and wow it was pretty delicious!! This was also the first time I ever had a rolled ice cream, so I was very excited about the whole experience. You begin by selecting a base, and then the flavor and then unlimited toppings (oh yeah!) Toppings include fresh fruits, nuts, chocolate syrup etc etc.. So they mix the base and the flavor you selected and freeze it on a icy plate and roll it in front of you.. It is kind of fun to watch the process :)
Once they roll the ice cream, then you get to pick your choice of toppings. I tried the Rittenhouse Special and I really liked it. I would definitely go here again. The only reason why I am not giving them a five star is because the people behind the counter could be nicer. We were there for the first time and we were asking some questions about the ingredients because of our dietary restrictions. I felt like they were not super helpful. Well.. may be it is not a big deal. I would anyway recommend this place if you are around Rittenhouse and are craving for some freshly rolled ice cream!Came here for the first time and got the ferrero rocher rolled ice cream. It was so good! With unlimited toppings for $7. Not a bad price and so flavorful and creamy. This has became my favorite rolled ice cream spot in Philly. I also got 4 mochi ice cream PCs. I got pumpkin spice, green tea, vanilla with chocolate chip and passion fruit. Theyre $2each. Honestly thought the mochi was really good because the texture was chewy like mochi but not overly chewy where you feel like your teeth will stick to the mochi. And the ice cream flavor was on point. Will definitely go back.I came here with a friend Saturday night. I had been to sweet Charlie's and liked it but we decided to branch out to a new rolled ice cream place. I ordered Oreo and paid and waited while my server made my dish. As she went to roll the ice cream one of the rolls flew off the plate and landed near the water dish. She picked it up and held it up to me asking if she should throw it away. I wasn't sure what to really say... she threw it away and I assumed she was going to roll another piece but she finished and asked me if I wanted any toppings. My bowl was half full! I would be more agreeable if the cost was not $7. For $7 if someone's dish is not Complete, you should do something to compensate the customer. Instead I awkwardly had to ask her if she was going to replace it and she kept saying "I threw it away". Her coworkers came Over and told her she should Replace the ice cream
Somehow Or give some money back. They offered to give me a coupon card but I really did not want to come back after this experience. Eventually They gave me some Amount of my money back. But this was after so much awkwardness and holding up the line. I realize this place is pretty new so
Maybe staff aren't as trained in how to handle these types of situations but management should definitely
Step up and explain that  if a large portion of someone's order is thrown away due to server error some amount of compensation should be made or the order should be redone. After all of this, the taste of the ice cream was just ok. 
I don't think I will be coming back when there are other similar places that do a better job. Sorry seventh heaven!I was craving ice-cream and as luck would have it Seventh Heaven was right across from the place I was at. I went with the servers selection and got the Wild Berries rolled ice-cream, to go. I was skeptical about the flavor but I loved it. The ice-cream tasted really fresh and had fresh berry prices in it. Most American dessert places are really sweet, I liked that Seventh Heaven wasn't super sweet. The place was empty as I went around 2:00pm. Also, to be fair it's really cold outside, lol. I will definitely be coming back to try their mochi. They had a self service Mochi bar, $2 for 1 Mochi. They had really interesting Mochi flavors from Vanilla ice cream with Chocolate chips to Passion Fruit. My ice-cream rolls came up to $7 which is cheap compared to the other places around!I was excited to have an rolled ice cream place in Center City that's closer to me than Chinatown , and am happy to report that Seventh Heaven is on par with Teassert and Ice NY. 
For all of the flavors, you can choose either a *vegan* base, or "premium" (which just tasted like normal ice cream). I chose the matcha premium flavor, and a friend tried the vegan banana nutella. You can also get unlimited toppings on your ice cream, but like other rolled ice cream places, ice cream takes up so much space in the cup that you can't get a ton of toppings in there.
The ice cream was very creamy and smooth, and not too sweet (which is a plus for me). I do wish there had been more matcha flavor, though. I also chose to get a caramel drizzle, and I couldn't really taste the caramel either. I also tried a bite of the vegan ice cream and couldn't really detect a difference in texture between the vegan and the normal one! Although the vegan one did have an aftertaste that was slightly..peanut buttery?
For $7 a cup, it's definitely not a cheap treat, but they have a punch card where you can get a free cup after only 6 visits, so I'm sure I'll be back!This was my first rolled ice cream experience, and overall it was fine - if not a little over-hyped. I've heard some other rolled ice cream places allow you to create your own flavor combos, whereas Seventh Heaven has a pre-set list of choices. 
I chose the Wild Berries - which was blended with blackberries, blueberries, and strawberries. I enjoyed it - it was refreshing and nice. 
It was definitely cool to watch them make your ice cream dish right in front of you. Definitely a fun treat! I will have to check out some other rolled ice cream places to compare.Philly entrepreneurs, careful not to over saturate the market with Thai rolled ice cream shops. It's no longer the novelty it was.
My son and I ventured out to try Seventh Heaven, to add a notch to the list of 7 Thai rolled ice cream shops we've counted in center city Philly to date. Seventh Heaven is very good, and had similar flavors to Sweet Charlies, but added a green tea cup like Ice Land. We had the green tea cup and the s'mores cup, both yummy!
Giving 4 stars for yummyness, and 2 for entrepreneurial originality.DELICIOUS ! Banana and Nutella is the best! Friendly, cool, staff. Thank you for a wonderful experience. Will definitely be coming back!This place was great it wasn't busy, I went with co workers. Everybody was friendly and the service was great as well. I thought it was cool how they spelled out my name in the ice cream. The ice cream was really good I got Ferrero Rocher with Carmel yummmmy it was perfect way to end my nightYes, there are rolled ice cream parlors opening up all over the City; but I will say that this is a fun addition to the Rittenhouse Square section. Many of these stores work in a similar way - you choose your flavors and toppings, and they make it on frozen plate in front of you.
But this one seems a little bit more personable than the others. I came here with my sister, wanting to impress her with something new that she doesn't get in her neck of the Pennsylvania Wilds. As if it wasn't cool enough to see them chop up your mix, smooth it out on the plate, and carve out the rolls, we found the talented crafters writing our names on each one with the drizzle (chocolate or caramel) right before our eyes! [I provided a couple photos for you to see for yourself.]
The flavors here are pretty standard for an american ice cream shop, but you do get the green tea machta (which is definite asian influence). Chinatown is where you get further asian options such as lychee, thai, and mango. And this is a little pricey at $7, but at least you get to choose as many complimentary toppings as you'd like.
They can make each order but only so fast; the order-to-eat experience may take 7-10 minutes per person. A queue of people can really add up fast during a rush period. Seventh Heaven can make up to 3 orders at a time, and you should expect to have a little patience if you see the place is busy. This is a worthwhile experience, and I recommend that you check this out for a fun time.I accidentally stumbled into here while looking for a nail salon. The best grilled cheese ever& now my favorite comfort food spot! Just like my mom used to make them.  
However it's easy to miss, they need better signage to draw in customers from the street. I honestly stumbled upon it as I honestly was looking for fro-yo but saw they had rolled ice cream& once inside I was like, "Whoa! Wait...They have Indian themed food in here too??" 
More people need to know about this place!! It sucks that its not obvious from the street that its both an ice cream spot as well as Indian fusion??