I got the combo A with the half pound of shrimp and crab legs, with the spiciest flavoring for the sauce for pick up. Luckily it was late in the evening so I found quick parking. The food was decent but it was not spicy enough for me. It tasted very mild in regards to the spice level. The employees were professional and friendly, the atmosphere is casual and a nice place to go with friends or family. My only wish was that it was a lot spicier.Reasonably priced seafood in center city!!!BYOB  fresh seafood.  LGood service.   I'll be back.Was excited to try the food after reading the reviews, but highly disappointed with the taste.  The shrimp and catfish didn't taste fresh and was very bland.  The buffalo wings were not hot nor mild.  They were very small in size.  Wish it was better, but unfortunately not.Amazing food! We got the snow crabs, shrimp and black mussels in garlic butter and everything was fresh, tasty, and large on portions. Very affordable for fresh seafood. Also got a side of hush puppies that were delish. Loved having to eat with our hands...I thought it was fun! They gave you gloves and a bib to keep the mess to a minimum. The service was ok, not amazing. The staff seemed a bit overwhelmed at times. Only thing they might want to do is have ice and cups for their canned drinks. We'll definitely be back, and highly recommend!My favorite seafood place , the service is fast and the food is absolutely delicious. You wont regret coming here and honestly it is not expensive at all!Overall a decent experience! Not sure if the seafood is fresh or frozen but I enjoyed my meal and the customer service was very nice as well. The prices are quite reasonable.Was on a hunt for crawfish around Philadelphia. The choice sure have diminished since a few years ago. So excited to hear this place opened up. 
Decor - So cute! They have fish nets and sea decor around the dining space. They even let you write on the walls which was neat. 
Service - Very attentive. She was on top of everything and was extremely nice. You can tell that she really cared about her customers
Crawfish - nice decent size and tasted fresh. I requested hot thinking it might be like other seafood joints I have been to, but the hot wasn't spicy at all. I also felt it needed a bit of salt or extra seafood spiced seasoning to allow the flavoring to soak into the crawfish itself. I salted the bag myself, but it would have been nice to have the flavoring there before brought out.
Catfish basket - it was really good! My kids killed this dish. Loved that it was lightly battered. Seasoning on it was just right. Also, the fries came out perfectly cooked. Crisp on the outside and soft inside.
Shrimp - they did not skimp on the size. It was deveined and very easy to peel.
Corn - wasn't a big fan of this. To me, it didn't taste fresh as it didn't really have that crisp that fresh corn has.
Potato - delicious! Wasn't overly cooked
Sausage - standard sausages. Went well with the rice we ordered.
We came during grand opening dinner, so we received a discount. Really love that they are promoting this way to bring in customers. I will surely be backWent here for lunch. The food was amazing! Great taste. When they ask you about spice level, it is spicy so order one level less than you're use to. I left with a numb mouth but I was ok with that. The prices for lunch are reasonable for the mount of food you get. Just wish our server was a little more on top of the service. Went most of lunch with no water. I'd go back!Shaking Seafood is the best new seafood spot in the city. Every time the food is hot, juicy, fresh and tastes so amazing! The service is friendly and attentive. The atmosphere is relaxed and clean, and you can write on the walls :)... The prices are very fair. I am addicted to the combo A with all mixed, mild I love the corn and potatoes with it! Really everything I've tried is on point! Hush puppies are a must try starter! definitely come and give this place a try, you won't be disappointed :)Delicious seafood boil of crab and shrimp for lunch. Includes potatoes, sausage and corn on the cob and it enough for two or for two meals. Very fresh and high quality seafood. Friendly service! Check it out!Nice atmosphere, good seafood. Even better with BYOB. The wait wasn't long for a table. What I don't like is the closeness of each table. You sit entirely too close to other people, if you want to talk there would be absolutely NO privacy lolMe and my BFF go every week  we love it here. Hostess is super friendly and the food is awesome. We always get 1lb shrimp and 1lb crab legs never disappointed. The shrimp fried rice is great too.A new seafood place replaces a previous sushi restaurant. It was quite quiet when I entered. I ordered a half pound snow crab and shrimp combo. The food was delicious and the mixed sauce was flavorful. The shrimps were very fresh. My only minor complaint is one of the two crab clusters was not as fresh as I had hoped. But for less than $20 (due to 15% grand opening discount), it was a great deal and I would come back again.The food was delicious and the service was great and friendly. I had the shrimp basket and tony daughter had  Combo A1.Wow, so happy this place opened! I ordered take out - a lb of snow crab in the Garlic butter sauce, with sides of corn and sausage (which was basically sliced kielbasa) and Cajun wings, not breaded, and it was amaaaaaazingg. Can't wait to order again!Reasonably priced, very fresh seafood and seasoned to perfection! The shrimp was de-veined, clean and not small at all. The fried shrimp was tender and very flavorful! My favorite sauce to have is the Cajun-garlic blend, it was sweet, savory and had a nice kick at the end. Definitely recommendYum!!!! So good & so glad to see a seafood place like this come to the neighborhood. Definitely will be back!Overrated! Disgusting! Terrible service! I asked a server that wasn't waiting my table if they had juice ,, he responded " I'm not your server so I can't answer that you need to ask your server". Like all I asked is "do you have juice?" This is THE NASTIEST seafood I've ever had! Crawfish weren't clean! First time being here all the way from Florida and do not recommend this place ! The sauce they use taste like cheap ass margarine and vegetable oil ! No flavor just heat. Never ever going there ever again!Food is unreal , snow crab leg platter with all mixed spicy sauce is fantastic. Service is good and food comes out pretty quick, this place is awesome!This place is wonderful! The staffs were very welcoming and helpful, the food was delicious probably the best seafood I've ever had and the idea of eating with your hands makes the experience 10times better. The table set up was very convenient, overall would 100% recommend!I have only ever ordered delivery from Grubhub and the food is always good, flavorful and hot... the problem is that it is always TERRIBLY LATE! I have ordered from here about 5 times and each time it states that it will take 40-50 minutes and it turns into 90+ minutes. The food that I end up getting is always good and fresh, but don't say that it will be delivered in 40 minutes when it takes double the time! Be prepared to wait if you order from here... food is 5 stars, delivery is 1 star.This place isn't good at all you are better off spending money at SHAKING CRAB it's  way better  and good .. I went here for some seafood since i was in the area. I get my food and I have 1 piece of corn, 1 small potato .. also my friends chicken wasn't cooked all the way .. this food also needs seasoning  don't waste your money hereAn amazing restaurant! Great food, service people! Cajun and garlic butter sauce was great, also tried the popcorn shrimp. Food came fastPretty good seafood prices not bad. Besides the bone I almost choked on in my fish everything was splendidI ordered from Uber eats and specifically said in the comments if your Shrimp Fried Rice has egg; NO EGG due to an allergy. I received my order and the fried rice had egg. I called the establishment directly and with a lack of customer service I was told to 
come in the store. If it was that simple I wouldn't have ordered from Uber Eats; I live in another section of the city and was curious about this establishment. I was then told by the establishment that made the error to contact Uber Eats. Not sure how contacting the third party online was going to satisfy my hunger, but it was obvious they could care less about a dissatisfied new customer. I contacted Uber Eats online and gave the food I couldn't eat to someone else. I have also deleted this establishment from my bookmarks and not inclined to visit in person. Very negative first impression based on the response to their error. 
DISSATISFIED!!Ever since my to-go place for a good seafood boil closed down years ago, I've been on a constant hunt to find a replacement. Everything was cooked perfectly (nothing is worse than when seafood is overcooked and the meat sticks to the shells) and well seasoned with the Cajun garlic butter sauce. Definitely would recommend if you're in the city and craving seafoodThe best seafood everrrr & they're so neat! that mild garlic butter knocks my socks every time!Let's start with it's a byob  the service was good, it was packed but the servers were attentive and the food came out fairly quickly. I ordered the fish basket and my fiancé ordered the shrimp basket, the food was sub par but they specialize in seafood boils which other patrons seem very pleased with! I will definitely come back for the seafood boils, I have my eyes on the snow crab legs, shrimp and green mussels with lemon pepper and spicy seasoningThis a new restaurant downtown, that has great food and great customer service. Nice spot, can't wait to come back. BYOBI have been to NOLA and Texas where I had crawfish in both states. This food is one of the best I've had. Never thought I'd say that about a location in Philly. Very very good and priced fairly too.Ever since my to-go place for a good seafood broil closed down years ago, I've been on a constant hunt to find a replacement. Everything was cooked perfectly (nothing is worse than when seafood is overcooked and the meat sticks to the shells) and well seasoned with the Cajun garlic butter sauce. Definitely would recommend if you're in the city and craving seafood.I work nearby and have ordered the shrimp lunch special 3-4 times with the seasoning mixed cajun and butter garlic. I am in Heaven each time I treat myself to this in the middle of the work day. It tastes great!Great food and great service.  I was in town for a conference and wants to grab some food to take back to the hotel. I walked from the convention center to this restaurant and ordered a steaming hot bag of seafood.  It was delicious and still hot after the Uber to the hotel.  Service was fast too!Another absolutely great seafood restaurant and the customer service was dynomite lol  So if you're ever in the area its worth a try trust me you enjoy itThis place newly opened around August the 6th. I gave 4 stars because we waited for our food for over 30 minutes just for it to come out incorrect. We were the only patrons in the establishment and while we waited at least 4 to go orders came in and left. The positive is once we received our food it was piping hot and the seasoning was delish. The staff was very nice and quick to remedy the mistake. The crab legs were broiled to perfection but the shrimp were over cooked, possibly due to being boiled with the crab legs. The aura was nice and the place was clean. We were given a gift card for the inconvenience which was nice because most places won't do that nowadays. I'll definitely make this stop again in philly because at the end of the day the food was well worth the wait!Great food, wonderful customer service!! Loved the Thai tea and my cousin loved the oysters. Great parking, convenient location,attentive staff.Super delicious!  Crab was fantastic. Not too expensive. Very busy on Saturday night. Make reservation ahead of time!Ordered takeout from here the other day and the process was super straight forward. Guy picked up the phone asked me what I wanted/how I wanted it and then proceeded to tell me it'd be ready in 10-15 minutes. Perfect since it was a 10 minute walk from where I was staying. We ended up getting 
Pound of shrimp (5/10)
Pound of mussel combo w sausage and egg (5/10)
Now let me explain, I am a Cajun boil fanatic so I might be rating it a little too harshly but this is strictly IMO. the seafood itself was juicy & cooked just right. however, I requested shrimp w the head on and got headless shrimp. I also had really high hopes for their sauce bc I personally find that to be the most important part of the dish, but I was ultimately really disappointed. The sauce was too oily for my cousin so she couldn't even eat it and ofc I ended up with an upset stomach. I'd love to give this place another try in the future if they ever got around to tweaking their recipe, but for now I think I'll pass.Simply delicious!!! I like the garlic butter sauce.every kind of crab the crawfish are all good. Fried seafood also very very good.Ohhh my gawdddd! This was the best seafood I've ever had!! I've had a lot. The service was great, the atmosphere was welcoming & the decor was nice. I HIGHLY recommend this place! I only wish they were in Burlington NJ or at least NJ‍First time here today and the food was definitely delicious! Our waitress was really nice too and its byob we are definitely coming back!!!!Was craving fried shrimp and wanted to try someplace new. Shaking seafood isn't too far from me so I ordered a fried shrimp platter and had it delivered. The shrimp were a nice size, perfectly seasoned & fried. They hit the spot and satisfied my craving! The only downside was not enough cocktail sauce. The platter was still warm when it arrived so the fries were crisp and tasty as well. Fries usually arrive cold soggy and inedible when they are delivered. The next time I'm craving fried shrimp during this pandemic I will definitely order from Shaking Seafood again.Best seafood !!!!!!!! If your looking for a good seafood spot I highly recommend. The only down fall is that they only give you 1 corn and two potatoes. I think it should be more for the price . But other than that great food .I was happy to see that there's a seafood boil spot on doordash, so we decided to order from here for our anniversary dinner (covid style, of course). My partner ordered chicken fingers, popcorn shrimp, and shrimp fried rice. The chicken fingers were the frozen tyson chicken kind, the popcorn shrimp was pretty okay, and the shrimp fried rice was just okay  as well (kind of bland for the price, definitely not worth $8). I ordered a headless shrimp boil bag--this is where i have my issue: 
This boil bag came with two tiny pieces of sausage, 1 piece of corn, and one small potato. On top of that, they got my spice level wrong. I always order medium spicy garlic butter sauce, but they forgot the medium spicy part so it was just garlic and butter ): i'm sure it's not a big deal for some, but i only enjoy seafood with some spice to it--so it greatly affected my meal. Luckily I'm a cook, so I was able to whip up my own concoction of seasonings and spices to get it to the level I enjoy. But for $100, I don't believe that this is something I should've had to deal with and I was greatly disappointed in the amount/quality of food we were given. 
Probably shouldn't have trusted a seafood boil spot on doordash tho, so that's my fault. I'm sure customers would have a better experience visiting the store in person. Lesson learned.My GF and I just came back from Shaking Seafood, and on the contrary of what the reviews state, Shaking Seafood is not that good and its tiny bit overrated. 
Food: My GF ordered 2lbs of crawfish and 2lbs of clams and when the server suggested to split the two orders into two bags, he stated that we will receive more sides (corn, sausage, potatoes), then we topped off the order with a side of sweet potato fries. Our food arrives, we open it up and we could see that our server was not being too honest about receiving more sides. As we moved onto the crawfish and clams, the 'All Spice' seasoning had BARELY any seasoning! This definitely was a HUGE disappointment because we had hoped that this place will be a closer commute than Shake Seafood. NOPE. We suggest not to order 'All Spice' seasoning, and do not take the server's suggestion in splitting up your courses to get more sides, he obviously wasn't telling the truth about that. We went to the restaurant at around 8:00 so we had a good few hours to eat AND for them to serve us good quality food! That was not that case, the sweet potato fries saved them from receiving one star. 
Service: Got a table right away but that was the only positive out of the service. The server that took our order should not have provided us with a 'trick' to split up our seafood to get more sides, I just do not think it is very knowledgable of him and truthful to tell us that as paying customers. Also, during our dinner, this server was chatting up with a young lady, asking her out. Look, that's ok but we were all wrapped up and ready to go and he seemingly forgot about us. I do not want to jeopardize the server's job but there is a time and place to 'spit your game' and I am pretty sure its not while on the clock. 
Conclusion: If you're looking to a similar place like Shaking Seafood, GO TO SHAKE SEAFOOD in the Northeast. I can absolutely tell you that it is worth the drive! I have been there twice and there will be more trips down the road, as for Shaking Seafood, this is the First and Last time that we will be going. 
Once again, SHAKE SEAFOOD will be more satisfying!
**UPDATE: Someone has messaged me in regards to being a 'Coward' for leaving such a review for this place. She might do the same to you, she took the time to message me to say it was a low blow to be pre-judge this place. I walked into this place without any assumption, expectations-normal, so before you leave a review, a person that goes by the name of Sandra S. will most likely come and harass you if you left a low reviewSo sad that I have to cross the Ben Franklin Bridge just to get good seafood. But the meals here are consistently good. The service is great and pickup times are always accurate. 
I usually will get a mix of crab legs, shrimp, and lobster tails in the spicy house sauce... 
The menu prices are the equivalent of other places. I've never had to question if my order is right or if I was given the Covid portions on top of a mountain of garnish... 
Bibs and napkins strongly suggested!!A welcome addition to the Philadelphia food scene! We went multiple times, and each time did not dissapoint. This charming BYOB serves amazing seafood boil with a relatively good variety of choices; food was very flavorful.  There is one excellent server who was very friendly, attentive, and informative. She was able to answer all of our questions and constantly checked up on us regarding our meal and drinks. However, she is one of the only good servers and they should work on raising the bar for other servers. Also, the gloves are a little flimsy and you might get some of the sauce on your hands, so don't be afraid to get a little down and dirty! Nonetheless, we have had great times everytime we visit and would gladly go back. Look for out our drawings on the wall :)Was in the mood for seafood tonight and discovered Shaking Seafood!  First impression was a good one with a clean dining room and paper covered tables with big  buckets for the shells.  Waitstaff very attentive and informative.  
We got 2 different seafood boil mixes.  Everything was cooked perfectly.  Often in seafood boils the shrimp are overcooked.  Not these.  The green mussels were plump and sweet and so was the snow crab.  
We will definitely be back!So much food.  Obviously fresh.  Staff could not have been more helpful.  Small area but that added to experience.  Needs to be on you list if visiting philly midcityFrozen seafood... nasty flavor .... customer  service whack . Food jusT wasn't good. Asked fOr a can drink told they didn't have any then i seen them give it to another customer. Wouldn't recommend at allI had the 1/2 pound crab with 1/2 pound shrimp and the lemon pepper flavor and Cajun flavor were amazing. It's a new spot, but definitely give it a chance and come because you won't regret it at all. You'll walk out those doors very happy.I tried this place because I've been craving seafood and it's close to my job.... All I can say is BLAND BLAND BLAND. Not enough seasoning and the sauce has no flavor. I was highly disappointed after spending $40 for combo K with all the sauces mixed. I won't be returningCajun seafood is always a slight splurge for me because I can never feel full from seafood - especially at the price point for 1 lb of snow crabs on its own! Shaking Seafood is my go-to for seafood boil in Philly when I'm up for it! 
What's best about this establishment is the variety of combos there are! You can get a decent $25-40 combo of different seafood mixes in a bag! This is great because it's a little less expensive than ordering individual seafood boil items a la carte and also gives us the ability to find what we like in each combo! 
The Cajun sauce is amazing. Super flavorful and always the right amount of spice! I like my seafood boil to have a hefty amount of seasoning and sauce. Shaking Seafood does it right.
I also tried the lemon pepper wings which are a new favorite! I can't go without them when I order from head. The flavor is spot on. 
My only complaint is that each combo I've ordered has only ever come with 1 small piece of corn, sparse bits of sausage, and 2 of the smallest potato chunks on the side. This is lacking as opposed to other seafood boil restaurants in the city, but the flavor makes up for it overlapsCame here tonight because we were craving for seafood. Saw to yelp that this place is new so decided to give it a try. Its a small place but luckily they had tables when we came in. We try their Cajun wings which was delicious. We decided to create our own seafood but everything was mess up. We order shrimp but didn't have shrimp in it. The wait for our seafood bag was so long and we were starving. It took about 45 mins for our food to came out. The wait was too long service was short on staff. But otherwise good were very tasty. I would be back again but hopefully next time they won't mess up my order and the wait will not be tooooo long.Walking around the Jeferrson hospital area, saw this restaurant grand opening and its menu on a walk and had to plan a visit to see what it's all about. 
Colleagues and I rolled up to the restaurant on Friday for lunch eight deep.  It's a smaller place much like other restaurants in this row but they had a table closer to the back that accommodate our party.  They laid out a sheet of paper for us to cover the table.  The menu had either fried options or seafood boil (crabs, crawfish, shrimp, clams, etc.).  They had a nice lunch specials.  Half the group got fried food, wusses, while the other half got different assortment of the seafood boil.  You got to pick your own spice mix.  
The food comes out in an inflated bag that's steaming hot.  The aroma is amazing and they offer a bib and gloves so you don't get your hands dirty, great add-on.  Everybody enjoyed their meal and no one got sick, bonus.  Definitely look forward to coming back again!I hate to be a party pooper but there's really nothing special about this place. There's a dozen of these new "seafood" restaurants opening up all over- Hook n Reel, Crack Crab, Crazy Crab etc., frozen seafood boiled in a bag of butter or whatever you choose. Frozen breaded fish, at least bread your seafood fresh! I can't understand how all of the Joe's Crab Shacks went out of business and these stores which aren't nearly as good are flourishing. The recipe is super easy to make and much cheaper at home. If I'm dropping $30 bucks on a "seafood" meal I'd rather do it at Red lobster than here. 
The snow crabs were a little freezer burnt but the XL shrimp were perfect and plump. Small portions of broccoli and potato without and seasonings on them except what was in the bag.I Made A Reservation Because I Was Going To Be In The Area & Harrisburg Has Nothing Like This. I Was Really Disappointed By The Area It Was In Because I Had To Circle Around 3 Times To Find A Spot, Then I Struggled To Set Up The Meter Parking For About 20mins & I Ended Up Getting A $75 Ticket Regardless So That Was Annoying. However I Was Impressed Because I Called & Explained I Was Having Issues & When I Finally Went In About 25mins Late For My Reservation They Were Ready For Me & Still Had A Spot For Me. Unfortunately I Was Next To A Table Of Really Loud & Obnoxious People Me Who Had Children That Were Yelling & Running Around. Almost Knocked My Water Off The Table A Couple Times & Several Employees Saw But Said Nothing. Nonetheless, I Enjoyed My Food & I Loved The Fact They Give A Bib & Gloves. The Stars Are Mostly Because Of All The Inconveniences & The Condition I Had To Eat In With The Rowdy People.See I'm a big fan of the shake but it's way too far from me. I decided to try the shaking and it was amazinggggg. If you like really spicy seafood like me this is a great choiceWOW, WOW, WOW!  What a disappointment.  My girlfriends and I were going to a play and wanted to do lunch beforehand.  We were super excited (refused to eat breakfast) to have found a seafood place within   walking distance to the Forrest Theatre which was icing on the cake.  Arrived around 12:10 pm and there was one other person waiting (i thought, cool, we'll get in and out). One of my girlfriends ordered my food (1/2 pound of snow crabs, garlic butter and cajun extra extra hot with corn and potato and fried shrimp) prior to my arrival and about 5 minutes after I arrived our food came out.  We received gloves, bib and food all at once. I opened the steamed bag to find 3 potatoes, half ear of corn and 1 malnutritioned and overcooked cluster of crabs. The shrimp platter had 6 shrimp and fries.  The seasoning was actually mild for me so I asked for more sauce due to the crabs tasting bland as well as salt and pepper and flatware to eat continue eating. [:-(]. (I'm sorry if this review sounds like I'm a chronic complainer, but I was so disappointed and wanted it to be good.)  So, you get the gist that the crab legs were ca-ca! Now for the shrimp, lightly breaded and piping hot, BUT, I bit into my second shrimp only to see vein.  OMGoodness, i showed the waitress and she claimed it was  lemongrass seasoning and even went to the back and took a picture of raw shrimp attempting to convince me they were cleaned. AHHHHH NO!  When the check came, the waitress took 20% [$1.40] off the shrimp platter to compensate for not serving cleaned and deveined shrimp.  Don't waste your time or money here!!!!Well me and my siblings love to travel and explore some of our favorite foods in different areas... we ordered the H5 ( crawfish and crab legs), with Cajun and Garlic butter sauce-- it had a smell but no flavor at all... it tasted like oily water. It was tasteless, no flavor at all...I'm sorry Shaking Seafood but it's a NO for usNew lunch spot ALERT!  Today's lunch of ours came from the newest kids on the seafood block. @shakingseafoodphilly hasn't missed a beat since it's opening a few weeks ago. The menu is very straight to the point and is comprised of steamed or fried seafood. They even have an option of building your own seafood Combo. Where are you can pick between three different sauces (Cajun, Lemon Pepper, Garlic Butter) or have them all together and four different spice levels. My waitress was very helpful and very attentive, and knew the menu very well. Oh and the bathrooms are super clean af; with some smell good soap for your hands . For my lunch devours I ordered the L8 steamed seafood boil with  1/2lb crawfish  and 1/2lb shrimp . The sauce I chose was the mix between all of them. This option comes with fried rice  , potato  , and sausage. The crawfish and shrimp were super huge! The sausage, potato, and fried rice were good also; but the sauce is where it's at! It was soooo good  low key wanted to take it home with me! This meal came to a dope $13 +tax. Definitely a bargain devour! If u ever want some dope seafood try out the my new lunch spot @shakingseafoodphilly and tell them shimmy sent you! Oh and make sure u sign their dope memory wall! #Seafood #grandopening #new #crawfish #water #garlic #rice #shrimp #food #philly #foodporn #foodphotography #philadelphia #potato #sausageI picked Combo H,  the taste was ok. Wish there could have been more sauce. They were stingy with the potatos and corn and sausage. 1 potato, 1 corn which didnt taste fresh, and a few pieces of sausage. The crawfish didn't taste that seasoned and the crabs were a little over cooked. Overall 6/10 MehI've been looking forward to trying a place with this style of seafood prep! Definitely was not disappointed with the food selection here. My table of 4 ordered 2 combination sets with crawfish, shrimp and snow crab. While not the most filling, the flavor packs a punch with the sauce being the highlight. The cajun mix left me craving for more and I am excited to come back again soon!Ordered for delivery, can't complain!! The best seafood combo I've gotten delivered. Came super fresh and the garlic butter seasoning was so good. Got the half crab half shrimp combo.Good seafood served in plentiful amounts - boiled and served covered in your choice of delicious sauce ranging from old bay to lemon garlic and butter. New Zealand Green Lip mussels were fresh and huge. Much better than those little black things! Anyhow I recommend this place for a delicious seafood fiesta of goodness.The review is for order through Grubhub. First of all the delivery fee is expensive $6.99 and it took a long time to get the food.
Takoyaki was a disappointment. There's only one tiny bit of octopus and the rest is batter. Sauce isn't the regular takoyaki instead I got cocktail sauce and no bonito flakes 
Catfish needs to be fried longer.
Sweet potato fries is soggy.This place is amazing! Best seafood boil in town. They're clean, quick and affordable (for a seafood boil)Hands down, their boiling seafood was very very good but the service very very slow! Wish they had more ppl helping them because everything was delayed.This place is mid at best. My boyfriend, my family and I came here hoping to feast on some good seafood but this place was not even feast worthy. 
It's nice to have a seafood restaurant in the city that sells seafood boils and is not a small cramped space. However, the seafood is just lacking in all areas.
The Cajun sauce was WAY too salty and just didn't mix well with the seafood. Additionally, the crab legs were not fresh. Mind you, my parents are seafood connoisseurs. They eat it often and can open up crab legs and crawfish with their eyes closed at this point. However, my mom was having trouble getting meat out of the crab legs and she said it didn't taste fresh. The mussels were gritty and I almost chipped my tooth biting on a micro pebble.
Sadly, the best part of our meal was the sausage, potatoes and rice which is unfortunate.
Also, I understand this is a family owned business but service was lacking because there was one server on the floor. 
Will be sticking to Bistro Southeast for seafood.My wife and I are always looking for new seafood restaurants and Shaking Seafood looked appealing.
We stopped in here for dinner on a Saturday night and were seated immediately. The decor is nice and the restaurant is clean. It's definitely not a place you get dressed up for but sometimes you just want to enjoy casual dining. 
Your seafood is served in a plastic bag with your choice of seasoning.  My wife ordered the snow crab (garlic & butter) and shrimp which came with corn on the cobb. I ordered the king crab (canjun) with sausage and corn. We started with an order of popcorn shrimp which were excellent. I must warn you that the Cajun seasoning is spicy.Establishment was small , however the food was good . My boyfriend and I ate the combo B with the "all mixed mild sauce" . The combo B came with 2 clusters of crab and a pound of shrimp . And we added a pound of black mussels . It was delicious ! And our sever Kayha was great ! Parking was horrible but we caught a Lyft from our hotel Marriott !Crawfish and shrimp were both nicely sized. Seasoning - could have been a little more flavorful (it needed salt, garlic, spice, seafood seasoning, something...), but overall really good. They also truly feel like they do not rip you off in regards to weight. Most places I have gone, half the weight is from the fallen off claws and I have received measly pieces. With here, I don't recall seeing much claws and legs upon finishing my bag.
We also ordered fried catfish with fries for my kids to eat. They loved it. The fish was lightly battered and I could taste the fish vs just getting breading. Fries - OH MY!!! The do know how to fry up these things. Crispy on the outside and potato-y on the inside.
Will be back when I'm in the mood for more crawfish!I love seafood. I've tried many places and this by far has been the best in Philly. I ordered the combo that included crab legs, shrimp, sausage, potatoes and corn with Cajun seasoning. It was delicious