Among the restaurants that serve dumplings in Chinatown, Shang Hai 1 is definitely one of the best and probably even better than the dumplings at Dim Sum Garden. I ordered the Shanghai Crabmeat Pork Soup Dumplings, Pan Fried Soup Dumplings, and Six Treasures over Noodles. Both soup dumpling dishes (each had 6) were really delicious. Just poking a hole into the dumpling, allowing the hot juice to ooze out, is a wonderful sight. I recommend to combine the sauce with the dumpling sauce (found on the table) to makes the whole experience delicious and worth lasting. However, the Pan Fried Soup Dumplings was a different story. In fact, it tasted like a soup dumpling but with a 'bao' texture. Rough on the outside. It wasn't bad, but definitely recommend the regular soup dumplings than pan fried. In addition to this, the 6 treasures over noodle was ironically horrible. From the name, I thought this was a signature dish and supposed to be really good. 
NOPE. It was basically a noodle drowned with chili oil. There was supposed to be meat in this dish, but wasn't able to taste it because the whole dish basically tasted like chili oil. 
Service, however, was very friendly and food came out pretty fast. 
Loved the Crabmeat Pork Soup Dumplings, but overall, Shang Hai 1 is not great.Solid experience. The staff was super friendly and prompt to refill your water/tea before you could even get halfway finished.
We wanted to try a few things and we loved everything. It's so cheap compared to some of the other similar well-known restaurants.  The items we ordered even tasted better!
Highly recommend the soup dumplings as they're one of the best I've had. Also loved the beef scallion pancake. I could see myself craving this. I loaded it up with the chili provided at the table. 
Can't wait to go back!Great food, affordable pricing! Normally, the GF and I have to head into NYC for our favorite dish, Shanghai soup dumplings. We've tried other restaurants in Philly, but always leave disappointed. Finally, we tried Shanghai 1 on a friend's recommendation, and we were very pleased. Both the pork and crab + pork soup dumplings were amazing. The dumplings had a great amount of broth and flavor, and relatively thin wrappers. Staff was very friendly, and the food came quick. We have finally found our go-to dumpling spot in Philly!My first meal on a trip to Philadelphia 
Very good service, everyone walking by the table is involved. Food was perfect, we had pork pot stickers, beef chow fun which was excellent- plenty of onions and napa cabbage stalks sliced finely for texture, and tofu with ground pork. Tea was roasted rice, my cup was refilled everytime it was half full. Highly recommended.This review reflects only on the Xiao Long Bao, Beef Scallion Pancakes, Crispy Salted Chicken and Dam Dam (sic?) Noodles, all of which are on the Dim Sum Appetizers menu.  
We chose Shanghai 1 specifically for their reputation for good XLB as described by many Yelpers.  The shop is another of those long narrow houses with tables running along the north wall all the way to the restroom.  It is attractive enough with artificial flowers on each table and modern wall hangings.  The service is fast and friendly, especially if Mandarin is spoken in the exchange.  
We found the Soup Dumplings (XLB) to be very good.  The skin was thin, the soup hot and savory, and the ground pork filling, soft and tasty.  The table rocket with the dumpling vinegar was a great tool for squirting into the open pouch once the top knot was bitten off to suck out the broth.  We liked them so much, we ordered another bamboo steamer of 6 after finishing everything else.  
The Beef Scallion Pancake was likewise very enjoyable.  I did not find it overly oily given it was fried in that scalding fluid, and the beef within was tender and brought to sweet life with the Hoisin Sauce in which it had been prepared.  The Crispy Salted Chicken was their take on the fried chicken craze.  The chicken was tender, but the breading a might over-fried to a too-dark brown.  The pieces were very small and included many droplets of plain dough without any meat within.  While the taste was okay, the overall impression was underwhelming.   
Both the XLB and Pancakes were winners, while the Crispy Fried Chicken left something to be desired. I leave it to others to discuss the relative merits of the XLB created by the other shops known for this Shanghai delicacy, Dim Sum Garden and Sakura Mandarin.  If we had stopped with the first three dishes all would have been quite content.  Our son was still hungry and wanted some noodles.  He ordered the Dam Dam Noodles with Chili Sauce hoping to top off his meal with some spicy carbs.  At 19, he can afford to do that.  Unfortunately, he was disappointed with this dish.  He complained that it was tasteless and bland.  He left half of it in the bowl and declined to take the rest home. Perhaps, we should have known given the exotic spelling of the dish.  
We will stick with the Xiao Long Bao and Scallion Pancakes on future visits.We tried Shang Hai 1 on a caprice as we were looking for somewhere new. We were vacillating back and forth between Shang Hai 1 and the Hidden Gem Cafe. With good reviews from Yelp friends AJ, Sari, Hannah and Gerald, we chose Shang Hai 1.
The experience overall was solid. The staff was very friendly and attentive. They kept refilling our tea and water even though they were quite busy. The soup dumplings were excellent, as good as DSG, maybe better. The crispy chicken that AJ recommended was also really tasty with some interesting spices. We had a fried fish that was very good also.
Shang Hai 1 is a newer, hipper, younger type of restaurants that seem to be popping up lately in Chinatown. They take credit cards too which is a big plus. We are absolutely adding this place to our C-Town rotation.
4 Yelp starsI've been here 4 times, 1 time actually on Chinese New Year Weekend. This place offers authentic Chinese/Shanghainese food at a reasonable price. They even have some great dishes that remind me of home, specifically Kao Fu(Marinated Gluten) and Pork soup. 
I order the Xiao Long Bao and the Hong Shao Rou, both of which are the classic Shanghainese Dishes. They also have great rice cakes(?), and the marinated gluten is standard. They actually offer a lot of dishes unique to this restaurant and Shanghai Culture, which is what I believe makes the restaurant good. The Xiao Long Bao has a nice taste, but be sure to wait a little so you don't burn your tongue with the soup. The Hong Shao Rou doesn't have too much fat, which makes it filling and rewarding. You have to taste the marinated gluten for yourself; it's hard to describe.
Service here is nice. I actually came when there was a wait once, and they offered me tea during the wait. They accept both credit and cash, which I didn't realize until my second time there. Definitely a place to go for authentic Chinese dishes.Worst meal ever. The pork rice is soaking in oil, waitress said this is how they make it. Bad ServiceAsk for extra spicy if you want .A authentic Shanghaiese restaurant but also offer Sichuan and Taiwanese food.From left top to right corner:Pan fried pork soup dumplings,Fish fillets in chill sauce,Spicy beef noodle soup and house special rice cake.I left Shang Hai 1 with my stomach being totally satisfied.Pan fried soup dumplings are tasty,fish tasted fresh,noodles and rice cake cooked 100% perfection.Hit Shang Hai 1 if you want treat your self well!!!Above average soup dumplings, beef in beef noodle soup is so tender, popcorn chicken is a great appetizer and chili beef tendon is authentic.I ordered eggplant and beef in garlic sauce, beef scallion pancakes and chives and eggs calzone.
I loved the eggplant in garlic sauce not too sure about the beef, it just didn't taste right to me but I'm an eggplant die hard, sound right, yeah, no? Okay.
The beef scallion pancakes were pretty good, I love sweet things and it was just the right kind of sweet. I have yet to taste the eggs calzone because I am currently stuffed but I'm sure it'll be delicious just like everything else! #NomNomI tried Shang Hai 1 last weekend with my brother for the first time. We ordered the scallion pancakes with beef, beef terige, pork soup dumplings with "crabmeat", twice-cooked pork, cumin beef, and the Taiwanese fried fish seasoned with egg. The food was delicious and well-cooked. The food also was pretty authentic and served with a generous portion. Service was acceptable and we didn't wait too long for our food. The staff were friendly as well. Overall, my experience there was enjoyable. If you like spicy and greasy food such as noodles, soup, and dumplings, you will enjoy this restaurant.Strange combination... Shangahi cuisine and Taiwanese cuisine?  But whatever, as long as the food is good, I am happy. 
We ordered Chinese meatballs and Hakka Stir Fry.  Both were decent.  And the service was fast and friendly.  Prices are very reasonable.  Too bad we don't live nearby.
By the way, as another reviewer has noticed, their AC is obviously having issue.  Kinda hot and muggy inside the restaurant in the middle of summer.Since I come from NY with lots of Chinese food, I thought that the food quality in Philly was not that great. But I got impressed my the quality of this place. I ordered: 
- String beans. Well done. Great spice to salt concentration
- Beef dish. Not too salty and not bland. Well done
- Shanghai Xiao Long Bao. Well done. Great soup taste. 
Definitely a great place to come for Asian food!Very nice girl working in Frontdesk, good food. I order stem dumpin noodle soup,chives and egg calzone, Shanghai dumplings. It all was served promptly and was Very very good. I will be back when next in Philly.Delicious! Cold cucumber, snow pea leaves, sautéed green beans, smoked fish, mock chicken.Replacing what was Tea Magic, this place has really surprised me. In a Chinatown where the soup dumpling game has become more competitive through the years, Shanghai Number 1 is a solid contender as the new kids on the block. I would even dare say they are the best of Chinatown and I do not prefer using absolute words when unnecessary. 
There's a good amount of soup with a perfect meat and dumpling texture. I don't know if I'm revealing their big secret or not: they prepare their soup dumplings as you order, not refrigerated and made from who knows when. That sole distinction alone made a huge difference in the dining experience. 
I can only wholeheartedly recommend the soup dumplings. The scallion pancake, offered in plain and with beef, was good but nothing special. I'll try their fried whole fish that they recommended next time!Great first experience. Service was perfect and very friendly. We were recommended the pork soup dumplings and the beef scallion pancake. Both were fantastic and came out very fast. Can't wait to try everything.
Also, everything was clean from the dining room to the bathroom which is a big plus.I went to Shanghai 1 with a group of 8 yesterday. We were craving soup dumplings and one of the guys in the group wanted to try out a new place (as opposed to the usual 'dim sum garden'). 
My sister and I ordered steamed soup dumplings, cold cucumber, and a beef with chili pepper soup. Some of our friends got the Dan Dan noodles, the Taiwanese beef noodle soup, and the sweet and sour soup. 
The soup dumplings were good (not much different from Sakura or dim sum garden), but unfortunately nothing else was. 
The beef w/chili pepper tasted not like a soup, but like sautéed beef thrown into a bowl of noodles and hot water. The broth tasted more like oil residue than anything else. 
The Dan Dan noodles were bland. More reminiscent of spaghetti you'd get from your school cafeteria than Dan Dan. 
I tried the other soups as well and wasn't a fan of either. 
The worst part was that once we left, one of our friends let us know that they'd once found a cooked cockroach in one of their soup dumplings -_-. This was apparently a few years back, but it still made me feel super uneasy. Given everything, I definitely don't think it's worthwhile coming.Dumplings were excellent, taste as good as Joe's Shanghai in NY. I would definitely go again. I ordered all and Wu Xi was my favorite.Shanghai 1 is similar to the other restaurants in Chinatown. Similar dish menus, type of service, and aesthetics. However one thing that surprised me today was how fast our food came out. My church brothers and sisters, and I reserved 15 people at Shanghai 1, which they were very accomodating. We had a lot to order from two separate tables and they were very quick with bringing the dishes to our tables. We had spicy pork belly, Shanghai-nese stir fried rice cakes (which was one of my favorite dishes today), soup dumplings, and bok choy. I'm glad to know that I can come here if a group of friends and I want to eat Authentic Shanghai food!I ordered the szhechuan tofu over rice & it was extremely spicy! Covered with oily spices, be prepared when ordering spicy dishes. The food was yummy & the atmosphere was homey. The only thing that got me annoyed was the fact that they dont have spoons on the table and you have to ask them for a spoon with most meals.Ordered delivery through the Yelp app. It was delivered quickly but the restaurant did not pack the order properly for delivery. We ordered noodle soup, chicken and broccoli, and dumplings. The noodle soup opened up and leaked all over everything and made it all a soggy mess. The delivery guy complained about the restaurants packaging, but I'd say he had a right too. Also we ordered two different kinds of dumplings. The steamed soup dumplings were good. The fried ones were raw and soggy on the inside. The food that was cooked properly was just average at best. I wouldn't recommend this place or order from here again. Maybe people get a better experience dining in.Went here for dinner on a Thursday night with two other friends. There is a wide selection of shanghainese food on the menu and the restaurant wasn't too crowded. However, I was a bit disappointed by the food.
We ordered rice cakes with cabbage and shredded pork, stir fry udon, pork and crab soup dumplings, and pan fried soup dumplings. I wasn't a huge fan of the soup dumplings, mostly because they kept breaking and partly because I didn't really enjoy their flavour. The pan fried dumpling skins were too thick and the meat inside tasted too sweet. As for the rice cakes, it was clear that the restaurant hadn't soaked them long enough in water prior to cooking because they were still hard. However, the udon was not bad. Overall, this place is a nice for a quick bite and I do like their large selection. Would not be opposed to trying some other things on their menu, but definitely not worth it if you are looking for great soup dumplings.This would be my 3rd time dining there. The place is always empty when I go in which I don't think is a good thing but here's my reasoning for the 3 stars.. 
1st star go to the kind servers, always quick and humble service and always smiling which is nice. 
2nd star for the salt & pepper squid, OMG, probably the 3rd best I've had in Chinatown
3rd star; being nice
Really though, I've never been blown away or satisfied while dining here. The first time I went in I had a cold and left work early so I Yelped soup in Chinatown and this place showed up. I had a hot piping bowl of wonton soup and a hot tea. The broth in the wonton soup was so beyond BLAND. The broth was clear, like clear clear. Not even the faintest hint of yellow or brown in a normal broth, but anyway.. My other gripe was the hot tea. Every time I've had the hot tea here there's absolutely no flavor! I feel like they just reuse and reside the same tea leaves the whole day, just adding hot water as needed into the pot. I could be wrong about this but my opinion.. 
The second time I had the salt and pepper chicken wings.. Extremely good, had the hot tea and again and you can guess my opinion on that one.. 
Today was my third and I'm afraid last time I'll be eating here.. We had the scallion pancakes; good, oily (not complaining I actually really like oily food) but sadly bland :( 
The salt and pepper squid. Fantastic 
Next was the chicken wings: very delicious 
Last but not least the soup dumplings.. Boring 
I also would add that my water glass had lipstick on it, anyhooooI discovered this little gem when my husband and I wanted to try something new in Chinatown. Now I come here regularly whenever I'm in the city and bring friends here too. 
We always get the soup dumplings (xlb) and they are very consistent in taste and quality. I've tried soup dumplings at other Chinese restaurants but they're not very good so glad to find this one... And you don't need to wait for a long time like if you were at the  popular xlb place in the area. 
Their Taiwanese pan fried dumplings are also very tasty, but a bit too greasy for my preference. The crispy chicken is also good but would taste better with sauce, so we ask for some sweet chili sauce on the side. 
We've tried other dishes like the main entrees and noodles and so far they have all turned out delicious. Definitely worth a try if you are looking for a new place to eat at!Really should be 3.5.  As they just opened, the operations and wait staff were just getting their tempo down.  But they couldn't have been kinder or more earnest.
The restaurant was brand new and looked great.
The food was above par for most of Phila China town.  Some great unique flavors.  Fresh ingredients.  An interesting mix of Szechuan and Dim Sum.  Great rice tea.  Will definitely come back.Came here on a cold winter day after new year. Wonton soup really picked me up. It was good memory. I've never talked to the person who shared the food with me tho.Not very Shanghai but still a good place for common chinese food.This tastes very close to authentic Shanghaiese food. Xia Lang bao is delicious. They have some sort of pancake with beef, but it was too heavy. The braised pork with book choy was wonderful!A friend of mine and I love their soup dumplings! Get the ones with crabmeat and pork (combination).New establishment. Since the menu says "Shanghai & Taiwanese Cuisine", as a Taiwanese and missing dearly my grandma's awesome Shanghai home dishes, I have got to give this place a try. Place was clean and staffs are attentive. Over all, our orders came out pretty good. Its Beef Scallion Pancake was a 10! The best scallion pancake we have had in Philly so far. It's flaky and crunchy...and yes...it's oily too. We could actually taste the crabmeat in its Crabmeat Dumpling and they were larger in size than typical dim sun place. Pan Fried Dumpling also taste great. Only one small issue; we both thought the dough was a bit too soft and puffy. It lacked the chewiness from high gluten dough for us. The only dish that disappointed me slightly was the Marinated Gluten. The flavor was there, BUT Its gluten was cut, not hand shredded, and not fried long enough before cooking. According to my dear grandma, those are the two things you can't mess around on a good dish of Marinated Gluten.I like their soup dumpling very much. They are fast,delicious and super cheap. Tried couple dumplings here and they were all good. We got experimental and ordered regular menu but they were so so. I will stick to dumplings only from now on.I've been to this place 4 times already, all of which were satisfying. My favorite has always been Joe's shanghai but of course philly would offer no such pleasure. So shanghai1 will do. I recommend the crabmeat and pork soup dumplings and the scallion pancakes. The scallion pancake with meat inside is good too when you want to spice up your usual. I have yet to try much else, but from what I've already tried, just stick to the soup dumplings and basics.
I use to enjoy sakura/sakuza, but it seems the chef has changed because the flaky scallion pancakes doesn't taste the same. And dim sum garden was never an option since their food (to me) is horrible. Their soup dumplings skin is too thick and doughy  and their dumpling sauce is lacking. I always preferred the red vinegary ginger soy goodness of dips.
Hope this helps!
4 stars only because their other food isn't much to rave about.I loved Shang Hai 1! Great food, casual atmosphere, good service. You'll definitely see me back here again. 
We came in and ordered food around 2:30pm. The restaurant itself was pretty sparse at that time. Here's what we ordered: 
Beef Scallion Pancake (台式牛肉夹饼): Yum! The scallion pancake was light and crispy. The beef was also very yummy. I do have to complain about the sauce. They used something that tasted like duck sauce inside the pancake, and I feel like they put too much of it in there. If they would just put a little less, this would be the perfect appetizer. 
Shanghai Style Udon (上海粗炒面): This is your basic Americanized Chinese food. It was good, and I liked that it came with bok choy. 
Sauteed String Bean（干煸四季豆): This dish had good flavor. I wish it was a little more cooked though, because the string beans were too hard for my taste. 
Fish Fillet in Chili Sauce（水煮鱼片饭): Ugh, this dish MADE my experience here. I loved this dish. The waiter asked me if I wanted it to be spicy or less spicy. I said less spicy (cuz I'm a wimp and can't handle the spice). But I guess their definitely of "less spicy" is just no spice, because there was barely any spice on it. I can't believe I'm saying this, but I wish it were a little more spicy. Next time, I'll just tell them I want it regular spicy. Anyway, this dish was so flavorful. The fish was yummy. We had a lot of leftovers, so I took home the rest, and was so excited to be having it again for dinner LOL. 
Our waiter was really nice and accommodating. He asked if we wanted extra rice to go with the leftovers, and packed everything for us! Overall, I will definitely be back here again. If my friends ask to meet in Chinatown, I'll definitely be recommending this place as one of the options.So yummy!
I want to go back!  We were in Philly for the day yesterday as my husband was scheduled to see a specialty dentist not far away.  Scored a great parking spot on the way so knew the day was going to be a good one :)  Our strategy backfired though.  For one, we didn't want to put all our eggs in one basket so we were going to nibble our way through Chinatown and hit up more than one place and we didn't want to have our eyes bigger than our stomachs with too much leftover.  But it backfired because all I can think about is ordering more food from Shang Hai 1.
We ordered steamed xlb and pan fried as well as scallion pancake, egg and chive calzone (great name for it!) and salted fried squid.  As each one came out, we were so surprised at how much we enjoyed each dish.  Service was very attentive and the restaurant had a nice clean attractive vibe to it.  
No photos to share as they were all taken on my daughter's phone but this is actually a good thing or my mouth would be watering in fond memory.  Sat near front where there was Chinese music videos playing and a slideshow of all of the dishes.  This made the anticipation more fun.
Next dental appointment is not until July but we will have to plan another day trip to Philly sooner than that.  I will definitely be back!Best soup dumplings in Philly. I've only had their soup dumplings, did not try anything else on the menu.Came in to try a few more dishes. The atmosphere is always very nice and calm here. The wait staff are friendly and attentive. I came here once with my sisters and their 5 kids, most around toddler age and everyone was extremely accommodating. I was a big fan of the Shanghai style udon and the braised pork over rice with egg.  Of course I always have to get soup dumplings and either the beef scallion pancake or regular scallion pancakes whenever I come. This is one of my favorite places in Chinatown!Stopped by for lunch with my sister because I was craving for soup dumpling. Soup dumpling satisfied my Craving, but it could be a little more soupy and the vinegar could be a little more sour. (I am use to having the vinegar with some shredded ginger mix together). Also tried the crab dumpling, presentation was cute, but didn't quite taste the crab.What a terrific new addition to Chinatown.  This new restaurant is nice on the eyes and great on the tongue.  The food is Shanghai and Taiwanese cuisines .... and a good idea is probably to order something from both of these Chinese culinary traditions.  The one appetizer you must try without a doubt are the incredible beef scallion pancakes from Taiwan.  With beef, scallions, and an oyster sauce inside - you will not want to share them with anyone else at your table.  You want to eat them all yourself! 
And to add to the great dining experience at this restaurant, the service was extremely attentive and friendly.
With the current Korean chicken craze in full flame, I'm planning on coming back to Shanghai 1 to try their Taiwanese lightly salted chicken.  Everyone tells me it is really tasty.  Judging by what I've already eaten at this restaurant, I believe it!dan dan noodles and soup dumplings are delicious. they're my go to. this place is reasonably priced and I like getting take out from here after work when I dont feel like cooking. The food tastes just as good dine-in or take out. 
  highly recommend! enjoy!Delicious!!! We got steamed soup dumplings that were amazing and eggplant in garlic sauce that was on point!!! The wait staff was also very attentive and friendly. I highly recommend!!!This place has some more adventurous offerings compared to some of the other restaurants serving similar fare. The shanghai noodles are awesome, and the chengdu fried rice is great too. Also really into the dandan tofu- what?! Never had that anywhere elseI heard there was a new soup dumpling establishment in chinatown so I made my way over. I ordered the pork soup dumplings, beef scallion pancakes, and dam dam noodles. The soup dumplings had an herbal taste to them which I wasn't a fan of but the dumplings' skin were thin and I liked that. They were also lacking in soup which is primarily the sole purpose of the dish. The beef scallion pancakes were crisp but unfortunately the bbq beef which taste of hoisin sauce was too sweet and over powering. Lastly the dam dam noodles weren't very memorable. The noodles were overcooked and spicy minced pork were too oily and lacking in depth of flavor, I could only taste the spiciness from the dish. Overall, I wouldn't make my way back to this restaurant.I thought that this place might have good food, so I came in for a try today while I was in Chinatown waiting for a Greyhound. 
There were a pretty good number of customers here despite the unusual hour (2:30/3, not quite lunch and not quite dinner) and people here seemed to like it. Perhaps I just ordered the wrong thing, but I thought they'd be known for their Dim Sum appetizers, particularly the soup dumplings...
I ordered pork soup dumplings and crispy salted chicken and asked to keep a menu, planning to order more (especially if the food was good). The soup dumplings were alright; the flavor was good and there was a lot of meat as well as soup inside, I thought the meat:soup ratio was not bad because some places make very dry soup dumplings. What I didn't like about these was that the meat inside was kind of tough (maybe cooked for too long?) and the skin was a little too thick. It was also a little annoying because the skin kept sticking to my chopsticks--I have never, ever had this problem anywhere else before, but maybe it's because ShangHai 1 uses plastic chopsticks and other places I've been to use wood? I'm not sure because I usually don't pay attention to those kinds of things, but it's a possibility.
The chicken I ordered completely threw off my appetite. I expected something like Taiwanese fried/popcorn chicken because that's what it looked like in the picture, but what I received was something that looked like fried chicken scraps. I didn't even really taste any meat... it was like I only ordered the fried outside of the chicken. I like fried and crispy things, but even this didn't do it for me because it was more hard than crispy. The flavor was not good at all, which is surprising because it's hard to mess up salt and pepper chicken... In addition, the chicken tasted like it was fried in days old oil. 
I originally thought about giving 3 stars but I knocked it down to 2 because the chicken was so awful. I don't doubt that other dishes at this restaurant are tasty, but I don't even want to eat anything else after having the chicken.I don't understand what's going on here...cold dishes arrived quickly from already prepared area in front counter...seaweed and wood ear mushrooms ( good but only had one mushroom and had to request more mushrooms) and mock duck (which I am not sure they even make in house but was light and really good for gluten)...then Mrs. Song's fish soup came out and all hell broke loose...it tasted like water with egg whites and teeny tiny bits of fish..when we mentioned it had no flavor the waitress brought over vinegar! Then the head waiter ( a tall skinny guy with a beard) tried to explain this mess to us! We said it tasted like water and that stock should of been used..he quickly gathered up the bowls but oddly placing one on the edge of the table as we told him we would like to order the smoked fish noodle soup...the bowl sat there as we did never to receive the other soup order and the waiter from that point on ignored us..we paid the bill and left hungry and went a couple of doors down and got 2 curry chicken buns...what???? This was one of many places recently reviewed in the Inquirer...The shanghai crabmeat pork soup dumpling is very good. The shanghai steamed pork dumpling is good too. The crabmeat dumpling is one of their popular dishes. I had stir fried noodles (ho fun), it is ok, not recommended.For those who don't like spicy, oily, and robust foods, Shanghai food is the lightest in terms of those categories. Think lots of noodles, dumplings, and soups. This is a good representative of Taiwan and shang hai (I'm Taiwanese) in terms of their lighter cuisines. 
This place does thier soup dumplings right. Makes sense b/c thats where the soup dumpling comes from! I recommend a sharing of this if you're gonna come here. The staff here are very attentive and definitely refill your tea often and the service is good. Its a middle aged lady and some younger women who work on the side. It's a cleaner, modern, and less dingy restaurant in Chinatown if you're into that kind of aesthetics. 
Good for family, kids, friends, couples and very casual. 
I recommend this, a good stir fry rice cake dish, and finish it off with their glutinous rice dumpling soup cooked in wine. Very traditional Shang hai meal. Everything here is a cleaner taste so it's good for the health conscious, hypertensive, and those who don't want their sinuses drained out.Came here for the minced pork over rice and bit into pieces that were hard as a rock multiple times. I decided to shift through my food and believe they are bone fragments. I also found some paper material in my minced pork. I use to recommend this place but will no longer do so. I shouldn't have to worry about cracking my teeth when eating minced pork.Wonderful service! Food was excellent! I've never had such good Asian food. My drinks were always full. I ordered general tao's spicy. Not that spicy it was flavorful and delicious! The rice was soo good I love steamed rice and I don't know why but it was the best I had! The dumplings are tasty! It was also very clean!Been here twice already. I really like the food. Taste really good. Not too greasy. Place is a little small. Even during busy hours service is still amazing. I really love the Braised rice. Taiwanese specialty. This place makes it closest to when I had it in Asia. Love it.This is my favorite place to go with my boyfriend if we wanna eat good food and fast. Anytime we walk in there's no wait and we get the food super fast. I love all of the soup dumplings, my favorite in all of Philly hands down. The scallion pancakes are delicious and so is the braised pork with rice! Also it's cheap and very filling. We go almost once a week, I love it!Best soup dumplings I've had in Philadelphia so far. Even the crab meat pork soup dumplings are not bad. I think dim sum garden's are too greasy with low quality meat, but Shanghai 1's are slightly better. Nowhere near the standards in Asia but passable. 
Other than that, the Taiwanese popcorn chicken is decent, but probably needs more (or any) basil. Other favorites include a the pork and za cai noodles, the beef scallion pancake (though I think it's overrated like some others have said), the pan fried pork buns, and the fried rice cakes with bamboo and veg. 
Good place for group dinners and takeout (went with 6 people and spent about 60 before tip)..It was great food. The pork shrimp soup dumpling was great. The service was fair, not great but exceeding china town standards. Would come again.My first time in Philly's Chinatown! My family is from Shanghai, so I was really eager to try the Shanghai Pan Fried Pork Soup Buns. They were delicious, but not the most authentic ones I've had... I would still recommend them though! I also ordered the Beef Noodle Soup Taiwanese Style. I would suggest adding chili paste to the dish if you like your food spicy. I added 2 spoonfuls of chili paste and the flavor was great. Also, the beef was sooo tender! It was like eating tofu. The best thing about this restaurant is the crazy fast service. We got our food less than 10 minutes after ordering!!The food comes out so fast while still being very fresh. The house nian gao was savory with the right balance of chewiness and toughness. The eggplant with garlic sauce was so good, and the beef scallion pancake was crispy and flavorful...just the way I like it!Very good service and food. We were only here to snack so we ordered the just the fish soup and the pancake with shredded spicy beef. Both items were delicious. We will definitely come back to try other dishes in the future.Pork soup dumplings are one of my favorite dishes and this place didn't meet my expectations. (that's probably because I've had this dish from so many places and I'm particular about it) However that's okay because the entrees made it up. I had the braised pork with egg over rice. I have to say it wasn't bad, so it's good. Their braised pork mao's style is also good.  
It's a good place to try. I'll try some other dishes when I come back again.Visited here based on previous reviews! They were accurate and we enjoyed everything we ordered! The crabmeat pork soup dumplings were good, flavorful broth! The cheese wontons were plump and very tasty! The fried rice was satisfying, good portion and lots of veggies! The minced pork with egg over rice (rich and fragrant) was OUTSTANDING and one of my all-time favorites! Bring your appetite! Service was fast and prices reasonable!Awesome place, new clean, nice prices and courteous. I didn't get to try much variety because of tooth problem but I got the beef noodle soup and it was quite good. Just the right enough taste, and definitely not too heavy. Definitely nice service though, didnt mind me asking a little too much questions because of my tooth issue and spoke english which is always a plus here, even patiently showed me what the food I was questioning about was going to look like. 
The shandhai soup dumpling was really really good. I definitely will get one of those soup dumplings again. And be back to check out the other food. 
My friends got the spicy noodle dishes, both soup and stir fry ones, and they were happy with what they got too. The spiciness wasnt over the top. 
The price is good, enough to fill you up. A great place to eat casually with family and friends when out a chinatown.Great soup dumplings and scallion pancakes. Love the crab personally but great little place! Reasonable prices and great food.This is a hidden gem in Chinatown - there was no wait on a Saturday night. We got one soup dumpling, pan fried dumplings,and braised pork rice. The servings were large and the soup dumplings were better than what we've had elsewhere in Chinatown.It was cold, wet, and a windy night in Chinatown Philadelphia. We were all hungry after visiting the Christmas Village for the holidays and with several restaurants across from us, we decided to choose this place for their decent reviews.
I ordered the Taiwanese beef noodle soup and beef scallion pancake for appetizer. I am fortunate enough to be living in Las Vegas for nine years where Asian soup from different parts of the world is not hard to find. I would have to say that the beef soup here was less than satisfaction. I prefer my meat cut smaller rather than large chunks, but the meat was very tender. The broth overall was good, but I prefer the Taiwanese  beef noodle soup at Noodle Pot in Vegas.
As for the beef scallion pancakes that seems to be very popular here, is not so popular with me. The sauce was too sweet for me and the pancake was a little bit chewy. The temperature was almost at room temperature that may had contributed for being a little bit chewy. Liang's Kitchen in Vegas has awesome beef scallion pancakes served warm and is seasoned well.
The ladies were great and service was super quick. However, when in Chinatown, I would try other places before coming back here again.Surprisingly good meal- 12 pork soup dumplings, pan fried pork buns, chives and egg calzones, stir fried shredded potato, and a Buddhist delight casserole. 
Soup dumplings did not disappoint. The wrapper wasn't too thick.Hmmmm i was confused about what to eat tonight
I passed this place and i thought yeahhh we will try why not...the place looks new and clean
But the food is way beyond expectation
Compared to other chinese or asian resto like empress,penang,tai lake,sang kee or jade harbour even mai lay wah...thumbs down
Dissatisfied! Sorry from the chicken...soup or veggies...not a fan...i was about to peek who is the chef...
The portion is very small..and most importantly unflavour
I'm sorry to say...but i won't recommend this place :(Forget about the cheese steaks, this is absolutely a Philly must try. (If you wanna have some authentic Chinese food).I decided to try soup dumplings for the first time yesterday. I noticed across the street from the supermarket this restaurant was open. As soon as I walked in the door I was greeted by a hostess and was seated promptly. I must've walked in just as they were open because they were getting ready for service. I ordered the soup dumplings and a large fried rice w/shrimp. The food was ready quick and served nice and hot. One of the waiters at the restaurant was nice enough to show me how to properly eat a soup dumpling. For this being my first time, the experience was a very enjoyable one. The place was clean and the service was excellent. After downing my dumplings, I ran out a room for the shrimp fried rice. So I took it home and ate it as a midnight snack. I must say that was one of the best shrimp fried rice dishes I have ever had!!I want to thank the staff at the Shanghai restaurant and I promise I will be back soon!!We happened to be driving through Philadelphia and decided to stop by Chinatown. This restaurant was right on the corner. It wasn't very busy when we walked in because it was off peek times but it definitely picked up during our lunch. 
The guy working the front and also taking our order was Chinese and very Americanized, so he was friendly taking out orders. The restaurant is very clean, organized and up to date with tablets putting the orders in!
HOLY SMOKES! Please order the soup dumplings, it was the best I've ever had. It's like a big steamed dumpling with meat inside and a delicious broth. You put it on a big spoon and slurp! If you want added flavor they have this soy sauce  vinegar container on the table. I also ordered the basil chicken ginger in a clay pot but that was just ok. It was very boney and dry with a sweet flavor. I'm used to that dish being saucier, I took a lot of the leftovers home but it's still sitting in my fridge. We also ordered the cucumbers for some refreshing crunchy veggies. It was heavily salted but really delicious. 
If I ever drive through Philly Chinatown again, I would have 2 orders of the soup dumplings!I have gone here before and I can truthfully say their soup dumplings are the best in chinatown! Do delicious! It's always easy to find seating, and their beef scallion pan cakes are the bomb. I have always enjoyed the customer service and the food. Highly recommended.Shanghai dim sum, my favorite food. Ordered Shanghai crabmeat pork soup dumpling and Wuxi soup dumpling. Great!My go-to spot for authentic, homey Chinese food in Philadelphia. 
When I moved to Philadelphia two years ago, I was pleasantly surprised to very quickly find this gem of a spot that served all my hometown favorites, in a clean, comfortable environment without the bells and whistles. 
I'd highly recommend for anyone looking for an authentic, low key Chinese restaurant that has an extensive menu with all the childhood favs of a Chinese American.Been here twice now. Both times got Xiao Long Bao and pepper fried chicken. Both are very good. Xiao Long Bao I would claim to be the best I've had in US. 10 pts for the flavor and 9 pts for the appearance. The skin was thin as it is supposed to be. The filling was just sweet enough. Just feel like breakfast restaurants back home in Shanghai. For that alone I would recommend this place. Pepper fried chicken was also on the sweet side. The sauce was a good complement to neutralize the sweetness in the chicken. This time also got pork over rice. There was, I think, too much meat and soup. The rice was a little drenched in the soup from the pork and the meat portion starts to take over rice. The portions here are big. I finished only half of my food so guess tomorrow morning I'll have a big breakfast.
Parking in ctwon is hard on weekends. Service here is friendly and fast. The price isn't cheap but I would say it is fair.At first, I didn't notice this was a restaurant until my friend decided to eat in here. It was small and had simple decor. The waitress leaves a sake bottle filled with water on the side just in case you need to refill your own glasses. 
I ordered some dam dam noodles and pork soup dumplings. 
Just a tip, stir the dam dam noodles thoroughly and add salt if needed. It was somewhat bland and wasn't as spicy as I thought it would be. 
The pork soup dumplings were steaming hot and were great for their price. You probably won't need any sauce for this but I recommend chili oil if you want a certain kick out of it.
My friend ordered some pan fried noodles and the sauce beneath was sooo flavorful. It was worth it but there was one thing in there that was somewhat disgusting to me. I think it was either a bamboo shoot or lotus root. It tastes bitter and had a nasty aftertaste that I could not put my finger on.
My other friend ordered some beef pancakes and volcano chicken with rice. The pancakes were subtly sweet and fluffy and would recommend as a starting appetizer. The volcano chicken had soooo many chili peppers but apparently not spicy at all and so it came off as somewhat bland. 
The service was okay since we had to wait a while for our check to appear. 
All in all, food was great and prices are superb.Best thing on the menu were the scallion pancakes with beef. The sauce that was used tasted like Peking duck wrap, except in a crunchy scallion pancake. Everything else was good but not memorable.The Wu Xi Dumplings were very good (the shrimp & pork soup dumplings just okay.)
I would be willing to try them again - but need to be more adventurous in what I try because some of their sauces seemed very bland to me, and there are too many ridiculously good places around to stick with bland...
Their white rice was probably perfect however- the best for eating with chopsticks and that perfect slightly sticky texture I haven't had in ages!
Staff was friendly and food came out pretty quickly, which along with decent prices made it a good spot for lunch hour during the week.小籠包的價錢是不貴，但是汁太混，肉腥味太重，顯然是處理的時間太倉促。其它小菜還可以，價錢很實惠！
一般不是太挑剔的客人，可以吃個飽餐！Visiting with another family and kids. Surprisingly even the kids found something to eat. Everything we ordered was great (soup dumplings, peking pork chop, shanghai udon, cheese wonton). Staff was helpful in making recommendations.Super nice staffs, clean and good location, price is fare, most importantly the taste is so good! Totally local shanghaied and Taiwanese cuisine! So American Chinese food!Food is not the best. Took for ever to get menus after getting seating. Only odered fried dumpling, soup dumpling and a rice bowl. Rice bowl came out. Took the soup dumplings a while to come and after seating and ordering for over half an hour the fried dumpling didn't even come. Asked waiters they say it is coming. Waited an additional 5-7mins and still hasnt come. We left paying only for what we ate.We were pleasantly surprised by the very home cooked and fresh food.  The restaurant itself is extremely clean and the staff spoke very good English.  They have a single restroom however, it was by far the cleanest of any place in Chinatown.