The steak and cheese sub was delicious. The place itself is like a little shack by the water. They should invest in better tables and chairs...it's a busy joint, I bet they could afford to. Food is bomb tho, no complaints there :)Had a meeting minutes away from Shanks and needed lunch so stopping at Shanks was a no brainer. 
I first tried Shanks at the WIP sandwich contest held several years ago at the bar across from the Reading Terminal. They won for the Chicken Cutlet Italiano . I remember the Shank's models even more - handing out coupons and encouraging ballot stuffing for the fan favorite title that they won running away.
I wanted a roast pork and didn't feel like driving to John's Roast Pork since the entrance to 95 was right there so Shanks was the choice.
I ordered the pork combo with sharp provolone and homemade hots on a non-seeded roll. 
It wasn't great - it wasn't bad. In any other town but Philly it would be a home run. With Tommy DiNics - my hands down favorite, John's, the ORIGINAL Tony Luke's, Paesano, High on Market to name a few - it's not best of but it's still good.We live in Florida, but my fiancé is from Philly. Every time we come to town, he makes me hit all his favorite food spots. I was never really that impressed until we tried Shanks. On our most recent trip, I made him take me there twice in one weekend because I couldn't get enough. The Cheesesteak is phenomenal. Much better than the other local places I've tried like Pat's or Gino's. I also love the chicken cutlet hoagie. He prefers the Classic Italian or the hot roast pork. The sarcone seeded rolls are amazing. I highly recommend this place!!!NEVER AGAIN. SHANK's should be embarrassed to put their name behind this sandwich and the owners should be embarrassed to serve it. Seriously. 
Place is lucky to get one star. Got the cheesesteak with sharp provolone (extra .50). Disgusting. 
So dry and tasteless. Steak was in crumbles. Falling all over my lap. Cheese not melted. Loaded it up with ketchup and that still didn't help. Absolutely horrible. 
I used to come here a lot when it was the original owners. Not sure who it now but they obviously don't know a thing about cheesesteaks. Steak -ums at home on bread would have been 10xs better. 
Don't waste your money or time! You'll only get aggravated like I did. Stick with Philips or Jims or somewhere else. Absolutely disgusting. Don't even deserve one star.
**Take note that mostly all the good reviews of steaks are old reviews when previous people owned this place. Not current reviews. What you see in the pictures are not the same sandwiches. Those pics are from when Shanks was actually pretty good. 
NEVER AGAIN.My husband loves Shanks, so when I'm in need of a chicken cutlet sandwich, this is his first suggestion.  I think the quality has gone down recently.  The chicken on the last sandwich I had was WAY too fried, to the point of being burnt.  The provolone wasn't sharp enough and the broccoli rabe was a bit bitter.  
The spot is a little strange- tucked away in an industrial-ish section of the riverfront.  But it's easy to get to from the highway, if you are traveling on 95 and want a quick taste of Philly cuisine.  And the prices are pretty standard for the area and are reasonable for the quality/quantity.
Shank's always wins "Best of" this and that, but overall I feel like there are better spots to get chicken cutlets in the city.Awesome cheese steaks I have been here a few times and never been disappointed...Just recently I noticed they had a Groupon online that's a really good deal. Can't wait to go back again.Great place. Friendly staff, reasonable prices and really the best chicken sandwich I've ever had. No surprise tho, it's won awards. Cheese fries that were just the right amount of crispy and salty without being overdone. Beautiful view to sit outside during nice weather, the only seating. If you are from out of town and looking for great cheese steak, come here and you won't be disappointed.Cool little counter restaurant. Great staff and wonderful hoagies. Italian hoagie, seeded bread, long hots, oil and mayo is my go to.YAAAS!!! 
THIS PLACE ROCKS!
Fast, hot, deliciousness all on a sub roll. Friendly yet quick service. Walk up window service. A little bigger than a food truck. Cheesstakes to roast pork to fries to now even breakfast. 
Ordered the chicken cutlet, broccoli rabe, provolone on a seeded roll. Awesomeness.
Will definitely come back again.Stopped by Shanks on a Saturday evening to pick up some dinner. The Roast Pork Italiano and Grilled Balsamic Chicken, also some cajun fries. The fries were awesome, they could have used some more cajun seasoning but they were thin crinkle cut exactly like Chickies and Petes. The sandwiches were big and delicious, everything was very fresh. We were able to eat by the water at the outside tables it was a great experience overall. Also prices aren't too shabby.Small, crowded and can be slow if there is a line, but the food is delicious. The fries are great, but what I wasn't expecting was how delicious their veggie hoagie was. Crispy fried eggplant, seasoned spinach, roasted peppers and yummy cheese. They didn't just make a sandwich vegetarians can live with, they made one to love! As a warning though, it probably isn't particularly healthy... at all.Here's the deal. This place can be as inconsistent as they come. MOST of the time, the sandwiches I get here are absolutely delicious, but every once in a while, you get one that just isn't quite what you were expecting: Cold meat, not enough meat, etc.
But with a deal like the current (and potentially ending soon) 79 cent roast pork sandwich, it's definitely worth a try. If you're there on good day, the pork is moist and tasty and the roll is both crunchy and soft in the right proportions. And if you're there on a bad day, you still get a pretty good and filling sandwich for cheaper than you could find anywhere else.Really great sandwiches, fast friendly service.  On a nice day it's really nice to sit by the river!!! Glad we gave it a try!
I got a great breakfast sandwich, husband had a wiz wit steak.If the original Shank's on 10th & Carpenter were still around, it would get 5 stars easily. The extra star would be for the ladies who call you "Hon" when they take your order.
The food here, though, is just as good as the original location. And the Chicken Cutlet Italiano w/ broccoli rabe is a strong contender for best sandwich in the world. As other reviewers have noted, the food is not as good at the Center City location, so if you want Shank's, you have to come down to the pier.I looked up best hoagie in Philly and was directed here by more than 1 site. Figured I can't not check it out at that point, so I walked down. 
First thought was how unassuming the place is - it's basically a trailer on the side of the road in the warehouse district off the Delaware River. The menu is on the side, and they have a window to order ordered the Italian hoagie on normal bread. It came out ptlretty quick  (they weren't really busy) and I grabbed a seat and dove in. 
The bread was soft, but kind of tough. But the best part for sure was the most-  incredibly flavorful and mouthwatering. They had just the right amount of veggies and oil to make it great. I think the only improvement that comes to mind would be in the bread, but that's easy enough to overlook.Shank's is good. Not great, but good. Don't get me wrong, it's worlds better than anything Pat's or Geno's (vomit!) have to offer. I just remember the old location being better. $9 for a steak and a soda is pretty decent too.
Pros: Great location for stopping while on the road in/out of the city. Great bread--those who are complaining about the hard, seeded rolls do not understand the magic of a Sarcone's roll. However, I do concede that the Sarcone's rolls should have more meat on the sandwich. Another great pro is the variety: cutlet sandwiches, eggplant/veggie sandwiches/steaks/pork/roast beef. Friendly and fast service too.
Cons: Quality has declined slightly over time, but it's still decent. The pork sandwiches are a bit too sloppy for me. No indoor seating, so if you're there on a rainy or incredibly hot day, you may want to take your order to go.I stopped by and tried it this weekend.  I was impressed with the quick, friendly service.  I ordered a couple of cheesesteaks, fries and drinks to go.  Steaks were delicious!  Very fresh and filling.   Fries, no bueno.  Skip the fries!  I love the location.  Easy parking and scenic outdoor seating.  I will definitely come back and eat here again.  Reasonable prices and I like supporting local businesses.Great Chicken Sandwich Spot!
I normally get the balsamic Chicken Sandwich or the Chicken parmigiana.  Chicken is freshly grilled and the ingredients are always  fresh and delicious!  
I want to preface that I went to the Pier 40 Shank's location 1st! Recently I went to the one on 15th street because I was being lazy and didn't feel like walking to the Delaware when I live in CC.  That is a mistake I will never make again.  My Balsamic Chicken sandwich was a disgrace at the CC location.  Chicken was cooked on the girdle, not sliced, with horrible tomatoes and lettuce.  The balsamic was more of a creamy dressing that before I even took bite one, the dressing soaked the entire sandwich causing all contents to break thru the bottom of the Hoagie Roll.  
My suggestion to you, is to go to the Pier Location specially on a nice day!Read that this was one of the best cheesesteaks in philly..the steak was dry and had no flavor, the cheese itself was limited to a few bites of the sandwich. I wouldn't recommend to those looking for a classic Philly cheesesteak.This place was pleasantly surprising!!  I've driven past a million times and wondered.  Its a small little place in front of Pier 40.  The steaks are awesome!  They remind me the most of a suburban pizzeria steak and the fries are shoestring fries!!  Shank's is crazy busy too!! There's no inside place to sit and eat but there are picnic tables next to the water to sit and watch the ducks.  Definitely a place to go if you want a good steak.I gave Shank's a star more than John's because I've never even heard of scrapple fries before.  They weren't all that great, but it's rare I get to try a food I've never even heard of.  There is some seating outside and you can watch ships pass on the Delaware River.  I also saw cormorants, which we don't get back home.  
My companion has a roast pork sandwich and declared it good, and huge.
I also had a "birch beer."  It tasted just like root beer, which is to say "vanilla," since root beer doesn't taste like root beer any more either.  Now got off my lawn!In my cheese fry eating career, I've come to understand that there are a few varieties of canned, ready-made whiz for restaurants to choose from. This place serves the really good kind. I lived in Manayunk for a summer and found a place with this whiz, and ate it all season long. It will literally be the primary deciding factor in bringing me back in the future. The fries themselves aren't really anything to write home about, but that whiz is just so good. 
Their cheesesteaks are also very good - a good portion of tasty, chopped meat at a decent price. Definitely a worthy stop for hungry waterfront walkers.(Updated review.)The roast pork sandwich is absolutely awesome. Easy to find, easy to park, easy to eat way too much.  Real South Philly style food and very clean. Save your trip to 9th and Passyunk unless you need a neon tanI have been here a few times and every visit I try something new.  My favorite is Old School Italian Hoagie..today I found another favorite...I had the roast pork sandwich and fries.  It was clean and the staff was friendly and greeted me as soon as I walked in!  I will be thinking about that hoagie all night!  I will be back soon!My gf stopped to get us 2 sandwiches yesterday. She said the girl that took her order was rude. She ordered a pork Italian seeded for her and a pork combo unseeded for me. It came to just under $20. When she got home her sandwich had no pork and mine was on a seeded roll. I called back, the girl answering the phone said there was no manager there. I described the problem and asked for 2 more sandwiches to be delivered. She said it would take 45 minutes. The sandwiches were at our house in Fishtown in 25. My sandwich still had seeds. I am not allergic, but I don't like them. It was the second time they made the same mistake. If they hadn't made the mistake again, I would have bought from there again. My gf's experience was completely ruined and will not eat from there again.Today was my 1st and last experience. A coworker told me that this was a great place. I then read the reviews of this place and people seemed to really like the food here.  Plus it's been voted best in Philly. I figured I'd give it a try to see what the hype was all about. I was disappointed. 
1st of all, you can zoom right past this place as it is on Delaware Avenue (one of philly's busiest mini highways). 
2nd, I got a plain cheese-steak to try the meat but the meat was a little chewy. 
3rd, I must qualify my next statement and admit I am spoiled as I am West Philly native and love Larry's Steaks off City Ave. I even like the other location on Girard Ave...So having stated that, the size of this steak was just a smidgen bigger than a steak you get in the back of a Poppy store. 
4th, I also ordered cheese-fries and asked for the fries to be cooked well done. In my book, well done fries does not mean white. Those fries had no color...and by the way did I mention I asked for cheese-fries. There must be a tablespoon limit of cheese allowed on those fried because I promise you I didn't see much cheese on those fries at all. The guy at the counter was super nice though. He even gave me a coupon or two (which I will give to my coworker so that she can enjoy).
The fries would have been really good, only if they weren't albino and 1/2 naked :)Great Sandwichs from the Cheese Steaks to the Grilled chicken Balsamic. The Italiano is great also. Never had a bad sandwich here, just Philly Perfection of making a good meal.But , Get the right thing or you're losing stars fast. I love Shanks. It's the best cutlet sandwich I may've ever had. It's thick properly pounded cutlets breaded just-right. You'll never worry about a question mark in these cutlets, they are good eats. The Rabe is so good. It's crunchy, bitter, and reminds you of a fresh batch. It's a major deal for me to have my sandwich on the proper bread. Shank's uses Liscios, which I think sucks. I always call to check and make sure. I don't recommend anything else. I am extremely satisfied with the Cutlet italiano, and I would put it up to any best sandwich.Take a pass on their eggplant, tomato, and provolone sandwich which is overpriced and sent out bad vibes.  Loser tomatoes and gray greasy eggplant.  And the sharp provolone for $1.50 extra worked as the only viable ingredient.  Place was near empty on a Tuesday at lunch hour which tells you something.
*They need to figure out how to make this location work, as the store is getting lost  with the growing traffic volume on Columbus Ave.I've eaten here before, and the sandwiches aren't bad. I went in this past Wednesday to grab a quick cheesesteak to go on the way to work. There were two people behind the counter, the cook and the girl taking orders, standing about two feet from me. She was texting on her phone, ignoring me. I said, "Excuse me, may I make an order?" She continued to ignore me and kept texting. I walked out. Their sandwiches are good, but I'd never go back, and I tell this story to everyone I know. It was literally the rudest, most outrageous thing I've ever experienced at any restaurant.While Shank's isn't the worst place to grab a sandwich in Philly, it certainly isn't the best. If I could give them 2.5 stars I would. I've been to Shanks on a few separate occasions and I have to say, I'm not impressed. The past two times I ordered the Chicken Parm and the Chicken cutlet Italiano. 
There were definitely things that I enjoyed about the sandwiches, mainly the sauce. I tend to steer clear of sandwiches with tomato sauce because most of the times I am disappointed by the ketchupy goop that most places try to pass off as sauce, but Shank's isn't one of them. I was pleasantly surprised by their sauce, and their sandwiches are served on top notch bread, but unfortunately the chicken is dry to the point where the sauce can't rescue it.
I want to like Shank's, I really do, but I can make a better chicken sandwich myself, or I could get one from the myriad of great sandwich shops this city has to offer.I have only ever gotten the Balsamic Chicken sandwich from here. It's FANTASTIC!!!! I haven't gotten anything else yet (maybe I should), but I just can't get away from this sandwich. Delicious!What happened to this place?  The only reason that I am giving two stars is because it USED TO BE excellent, so I feel bad giving 1 star.  I used to love the sandwiches at Shanks, all of them.  I went here a couple of weeks ago and realized that this was not the same Shanks that stood here last year.  I ordered two sandwiches to split and they were disgusting. The chicken cutlet hoagie-  One little piece of chicken that was so overly fried it was almost black. The chicken italiano- same thing, tiny piece of chicken-- waaaaayy overly fried... and the broccoli rabe- ew!!  So bitter, not garlicky.  I ended up throwing most of it in the trash.Got an email this morning from their mailing list. I thought it was just another regular ad for their catering or something and was surprised to see it was a offer for a free sandwich for my birthday.
I was looking forward to my sandwich all day and walked about 20 blocks round-trip out of my way to go get my dinner. When I told the girl behind the counter I had a coupon and showed her the email, she said "I don't think we accept those anymore." I told her that it had been sent out this morning so unless policy changed mid-day it should still be good. She called a manager on the phone and then hung up and told me the coupons were from "the old ownership" and they weren't accepting them. 
And that was it. She didn't try to offer a drink or an order of fries or anything. Very disappointing. I will be taking my money elsewhere to get dinner.Yes, you read that right. I am a winner! 
I entered Shank's make a creative sandwich 
contest several days ago, and I won. But my sandwich 
for which I entered was the "Abomination" it consisted of
a burger topped with steak and fried onions, blanketed
under a layer of cheddar,mozzarella,and provolone
and on top of that, if that wasn't enough it had pork roll
and a fried egg with a side of brown gravy. That concoction
won me the contest of a Shank's gift card and my sandwich 
made for me as well. 
Now I really couldn't wait to see this monstrosity in person
so we heading down to fetch it. After showing the counter girl 
who was very nice, but unaware of the contest informed me
that they didn't have burger,porkroll, or brown gravy.
SHIT! Now I was in a pickle. She asked if I wanted a substitution
for the items. I pondered for a short bit and concluded the 
only things I could think of for a proper sandwich. 
A new creation. The Farm sandwich. I replaced the burger with 
a chicken cutlet and the porkroll with bacon. Sadly no sub 
for the brown gravy. But I think this would have won any who.
The Awesome and super cool under pressure Chef Luis whipped 
up the "Farm" sandwich for me in a jiffy. 
He proudly presented it and posed for a picture.
Now to eat this bitch! I sat right outside by the water to 
engulf this "farm" meal sandwich. Beef, check. Chicken, check.
egg,check, pork,check, dairy,check check check.
So to recap. A wonderfully soft Italian roll layered with steak and
fried onions, a fried egg, three cheeses, bacon and a chicken cutlet.
Lets begin. The flavors were just spot on, nothing
superseded anything and it all worked together in a 
harmonious mouth protein-gasam. I only hope I 
will still be able to someday try my winning sandwich,
if not this sure as hell was a great last minute runner up.
Thanks Shank's you ROCK!1ST time coming here and I know I will be coming back. When I saw the deal on Groupon I thought hey why not. Once I got to the place I was a little unsure about it. There's nothing around it.. the guy was really nice and recommend some of the sandwiches and boy where they good. OMG I've had different types of cheesesteak but none like this it was really and the price was ok their cajun fries were AMAZING. I would try make another trip out there from new york. That's how good it was. Loved loved loved lobed loved it!Stopped today for lunch. Got a cheesesteak, it was really good. The roll was very fresh, fried onions were cooked perfectly. Pleasant surprise, been by here a million times and never stopped. When I'm in area I'll stop again.Split a pork special and a cheesesteak both were very good. The setting on the river is an excellent location to relax and enjoy a casual knosh.I wish the whole world could taste there food, cause its so delishous. I think there trick is the bread. I have been here 5 times in the past 6 months and there sandwichs never get boring. One sandwich can be shared because there so huge. There chesee fries are the best that I have had in all of philly. The service is great. Fast and friendly. Lots of parking. Its a small place. very clean. All the employees speak english. The only thing is that they only have outside eating and thats cool during the summer. But trust me the food is so good that you wont mind standing up to eat when its freezing outside just ask for a longhot and that will definetly cause a sweat.I think they must have gotten new owners and or cooks. Stopped by for cheesesteak and cheese fries.  Steak was awful, seems like the just threw two pieces of cold provolone cheese on bread and called it a day. Cheese fries were in styrofoam cup and they just poured cheese wiz on top of fries and put them I'm a paper bag.  I used to frequent there quite often but after this last visit it seems this will be my last visit.Ordered cheese steak and cheese fries.  Steak roll was hard and cheese was like eating a salt bomb. Not recommended !!Great Steak wit Onions, Provolone! Well seasoned meat, nice amount of pepper!Stopped at Shanks for the first time on our way to go run some Sunday errands on Columbus blvd (i.e. Somehow finding a way to turn a $150 grocery shop into $300 at target-how does that happen?!)
food: my husband and I split the roast pork Italian (roast pork, sharp prov and broccoli rabe). Pretty good-plenty of roast pork and a good amount of cheese. broccoli rabe was pretty good-more bitter than I'd probably like. overall satisfied, but I think johns overall is better.
people/service: wasn't crowded at all but our sandwich came out fast. the guy at the counter was nice - not overly nice, but perfect for what you expect at a place like this. 
ambiance/location: it was a beautiful day, so it would have been nice to sit out at the tables and eat while looking out at the water, but the baby was napping in the air-conditioned car so we ate in the car.  
we'll be back!WOW
Diamond in the rough Spot!!!!  INCREDIBLE!!
We ordered lunch for our whole company (67 sandwiches)   
-EverY special ordered Sandwich was correct
-Pricing was very reasonable
-Delivery was on time and Rolls / Meat had everyone in here RAVINGGGGG!
I heard they are under new ownership and building an enclosure for the winter.
They are also getting light fixtures around so it will be easy to locate when driving by/near.     
This was only my 2nd time eating there but we will be back.    Everyone in our company (Who range from Phil, NJ, DEL) said it was one of the best, if not the best sandwiches they have had in long time!!
Philly's BEST!!
-Steve (And Pier-Group LLC.)A top sandwich shop in Philly. Finally someone knows how to rock an Italian Hoagie! Such a perfect menu.... all great choices. Plenty of parking to pull in off Columbus Blvd. I always like to sit out in their tables.
They have some of the best cheesesteaks in Philly. Bread is always so fresh... This place is a must try if you have never been. (My daughter loved the eggplant tomato provolone on seeded roll)The food was ok it not as good as it use to be and they have a cook in there that's sweating bullets he even sweats on the rolls and on the food he is preparing. Yuck! that's what kind of turned me off.If you want to go out of your way for a mediocre representation of a great Philly style roast pork sandwich (completed with way too much bread and a price tag that will leave you wondering why anyone visits), Shank's is your spot!My craving for a sandwich got me at Shank's. It is right next to Pier 40 bldg. There is no dedicated parking at Shank's. They are actually sharing what limited parking spaces Pier 40 bldg. has. They have only alfresco dining with very limited seating. They usually cater to take out customers. I don't know where they order their bread from, but it is fresh and delicious. The Chicken used in their cheese steak sandwiches are in big chunks, and grilled perfectly. Not minced / over cooked and dried out like those other guys..... (you know who you are). The Eggplant Shank's Style is piled high with lots of eggplant and Broccoli Rabe. You will get stuffed with just eating half of the sandwich. The Spicy Cajun Fries brings me back to the last time I was at Wildwood  Boardwalk. It was fresh off the fryer and delicious!I had a cheesteak with cheez whiz here a few weeks ago. I'm not a philly native, and I've tried Tony Luke's and Geno's and what not, but let met tell you, this is the best one I've had so far in my time in the city. 
Am looking forward to going back and trying the chicken italiano with brocolli rabe. I think i'm still digesting my last meal there, however.Simply one of my favorite quick-stop sandwich shops, bar none. 
Located on the (not really) scenic Delaware River waterfront in South Philly, Shank's offers a variety of huge, Italian-inspired sandwiches. 
Let's start with the most popular sandwich, the Roast Pork Italian. Delicious. Another reviewer said that it lacked flavor; with all due respect, I couldn't disagree more. The provolone is sharp and bitter. The pork is slightly spicy without being greasy, a rare feat for this sandwich. The greens are moist. The roll is crusty and soft, yet holds up to the monstrous quantity of its contents. 
My fiance, a vegetarian, also loves this place. She gets the Eggplant Parmigiana sandwich. According to her, the eggplant is thin and crispy. The cheese and sauce are in perfect quantity. As a veteran of these eggplant sandwiches, she claims this to be rare, as often the eggplant is drowned out by the other ingredients. 
The mozzarella sticks are tasty. Again, not a touch greasy. 
Another thing- their breakfast sandwiches are out of this world.Eh, my chicken parm was OK.  For it to be $9 for a medium sized sandwich, I was hoping for more. If you're on the way to the stadiums or just need a quick bite, it's a fine spot.Yum! I love this cheesesteaks here! The people who work here are super-friendly, and the other sandwiches are good, too!If heaven has sandwiches, Shank's would do the catering.
Roast beef and sharp provolone with broccoli rabe? Amazing. The only way they could improve it is to give you a wristband to catch the grease dripping down your hand as you devour his Hoaginess.
The balsamic chicken is not to be missed.Had no idea this was here. The only time I gave Pier 40 a thought was when I rented a Budget truck last summer. 
But now, there's this cheerful sandwich stand with quite a respectable picnic area - even more charming if you're into the whole industrial thing, which I am (looks out over the rear of the Coast Guard station). It's also far enough off Delaware Ave to avoid exhaust fumes. Easy access and plentiful parking to boot. 
The menu holds everything you would want out of a sandwich stand. I ordered the Shank's Veggie with fried eggplant with broccoli rabe, spinach, roasted peppers, mushrooms and sharp provolone. I think my friend ordered the Chicken Cutlet Italiano, or if it wasn't, it was something very similar. I was so enamored of my sandwich that all else floated right out of my head. 
I'll pop this up to four stars if the fries step it up a notch. I highly suspect my crab fries were of the frozen Ore-Ida variety, and did not have near enough Old Bay. I'd be happy to see that changed. 
But, fries aside, I'll certainly be back - the sandwich was heavenly. 
One note - when your sandwich is ready, your name is called through the loudspeaker facing the outside tables. Do not stand next to the loudspeaker, your eardrums may never recover, but at least you'll never miss your sandwich.Our 3rd cheesesteak this week at 3 different places. Shanks still rules !! Most beef in the sandwich and about par in pricing (although $15 for a sandwich with fries and drink is still outrageous in my book !) Definitely not a daily item for my budget, but we're "on vacation", so we gotta eat somewhere and take advantage of the local specialties. If I were a local, once a month is plenty. Not the healthiest, but yum for sure.Just okay for a Philly cheese steak.   The counter staff lady was nice but other than that, it wasn't all that.Shank's is a great place for a sandwich. Chicken cutlet with spinach and sharp provolone on a seeded roll can't be beat! The chicken cheesesteaks are great, too. I can take or leave the fries. Haven't tried too many other things because of how good the chicken cutlet is every time. 
Special Note: Join their club and get free sandwiches for your birthday. Also, they have promotions all the time...the last one being a chicken cutlet for $.79 the entire month of September! 
They've been in business for 50 years, so they're doing something right! Just be aware, rush hour can make it cumbersome to drive and Phillies games ensure a long wait. We call ahead every time now. 
Also, the view is not so bad and it's great to sit outside if the weather permits.Cheese steak hoagie. Lots of gristle and very tough chewy roll.  Probably won't go there when there are so many great choices in Philly.I'll save the boring story...when you say you're open at 10AM, and we're the first people in line - you would expect a hot sandwich right away, wouldn't you? NOPE.  It means the cooks get there at 10 too, so they gotta turn the burners/stoves etc. on, wait for it to warm up - THEN you'll get your chicken cutlet sandwich (which everybody here raves about).  They'll make a cold deli sandwich, sure.....but c'monnnn.  How about turning the stoves on at 9:30 when nobody is around, then when 10 comes and you got your first customer - BOOM - ready to go! Yea - that makes more sense to me too.Had to wait a good 15-20 min for our sandwiches despite being first in line, literally.
That's the negative one star.  I sincerely hope they'll fix that as it's a very simple solution to a simple problem - who knows - maybe it was just that one day, this is why I'm not trashing them, but instead starting off with the one sticking point in an otherwise WONDERFUL experience.
Now - on to the FOOD REVIEW.  The chicken cutlet that everybody here was raving about was ON POINT.  Absolutely delicious.  I also split a chicken parm sandwich with my wife; VERY very good.  The place is a small little joint off the delaware river with a nice view and good seating/atmosphere.  I'd def. go again despite fierce competition from DiNics/Tony Lukes/Sarcones etc. I've added a few pics.  Nice work guys, just please try to fix the timing issue.  You're one of the few joints that are open in time for a 1pm kick to an Eagles game on Sundays!This place did not disappoint me. I bought the groupon literally fifteen minutes before I showed up. Go Groupon!!
The philly cheese steak I had was huge and delicious. The bread they put it on was soft and the american cheese was great. The fries were super crispy! They are thin like McDonald's fries. So good. Come here if you can a decent lunch. If there is a groupon buy it because it does say you a lot of money.Ok, no lie, this may be the best cheesesteak in Philly. I will be going back shortly to verfiy my previous findings, but so far, it is WAY up in the rankings. I like the "South Philly" feel of it (even though it may or may not technically be in South Philly) compared to the new Shank's uptown. The roll (ask for seeded) was perfect for the salty, meaty, cheesy goodness inside. A perfect amount of grease, and you can tack on a soda for a $7.50 lunch special. I am all about it. You should be too. Especially once the weather gets nicer, I will be making this a frequent stop after weekend bike rides. I am really excited for Shank's to have come to this spot, as I had never ventured there before. Give it a try, it's definitely worth it.In Philly, I've had cheesesteaks here and at Jim's. I think Shank's is better, and there's no lines and very pleasant service. I've had the steak with wiz, pizza steak, pepper steak, pork italiano, and chicken italiano. All are very good - the pork was very juicy and tender. The steak was more tender than Jim's. The fries are good too.I never seem to get to this place before they are closed for the day. Which is the worst but that is my own fault. I USED A GROUPON TO MAKE MY PURCHASE AND THEY KNEW HOW TO USE IT. So I didn't even pay out of pocket more than about $5. 
Anyway the food was fresh, but you didn't have to go through the madness of Philadelphia to get a meal. They were quick, and friendly. I have been back 3 times since the first visit and this seems to be the place for me.Second best place in Philadelphia to get a cheese steak, they are amazing, a little pricey but amazing, you sure get your money's worth, and the cheese fries a pretty good as well, nice outdoor sitting, good view of the Delaware river, good serviceBeen driving by this place for a year and finally decided to stop for a quick lunch.  I had the Chicken Parm sandwich and was not impressed.  The chicken was dry, a little tough, and not hot, just warm.  If it was an off peak hour that I went, maybe I'd give them another try but the chicken shouldn't taste like that at 12:30 on a weekday.  
I'm sure it tastes much better when it's fresh but the fact that it wasn't says to me that you can't count on consistency here.
On the plus side, the sandwich had nice large strips of chicken and the bread and sauce were great so it's well worth the price if you're lucky enough not to get the piece that must have been sitting there for a few hours...OMG no gloves!!! You have to be kidding. And why does half the staff seem like they are wired out on whatever??? I couldn't even eat my sandwich.Really decent food. They've been around for like 55 years or something. My husband got a cheesesteak (duh) and I got fries. Fries were crispy and on point. 
Location is cool and convenient. 
The inside smells like urine which is why I knocked off a couple stars. Hopefully they clean and hopefully we don't get sick from our food we just inhaled.This doesn't hit the mark of the old Shanks but the 2 sandwiches I ordered steak and chicken cutlet we're pretty dam good especially the steakSolid specials! Chicken cutlet is great, cheesesteaks and hoagies leave more to be desiredWe love Shank's! The cheesesteak wit whiz is delicious and my husband is over the moon about the roast pork combo sandwich.  They are both served on soft bread in huge portions.  Every time we have eaten here we leave satisfied and smiling.  Their spicy cajun fries are salty but tasty. Service is always friendly and quick.After having the chicken cutlet at the old place next to the Italian market, I got one today with no cheese but with spinach and broccoli rabe, It  was horrible, chicken was thin sliced, over cocked and tough, greens where too bitter, for $10.00 it was not good and expensive, will not go back ever.It's located where? Blink and you pass this place. Situated in a nondescript parking lot off Del Avenue, this joint looks much like a shack or trailer from the outside.  
Giving them props for putting the effort into their menu. VERY good chicken cutlet & chicken cheesesteaks. They have decent seating outside if the weather cooperates.  Quick service, good deal. A MUST to pickup for the Birds or Phils game.Shanks was another stop in my continual quest for Philly cheesesteaks.  
Very slow and a bit chaotic; decent steak. We may have just hit an off day, so I'll say the steak was decent enough where it might be worth a shot, but this place isn't high on my cheesesteak list.This is in my top 3 of Philly cheesesteaks. They chop the meat instead of the big dry slices of meat that pats and genos does. In my opinion the meat is a lot more juicy chopped. Roll was fresh and perfect. Service excellent! I have never had anything besides a cheesesteak here but it is definitely worth a stop for one of the best cheesesteaks in PhillyJust got a cheese steak hoagie w/mild provolone, onions, and peppers.  I asked and paid for a seeded roll and did not get it. Also asked to scoop the bread and that did not happen either. The steak was overcooked to the point of being dry and the grease drippping off was extraordinary.  I've never had so much grease on a cheese steak.  The steak was chopped up into very small fine crumbly pieces.  There were not many people there so I don't know what the problem is.  They are having a special all day to celebrate 50 yrs in business.  Don't think they will get any more of my business.Chicken Parm was pretty bland and lukewarm.  But I do give this place extra points for being on the waterfront and having outdoor seating.  That's not to be underestimated in good weather.I think there is a new cook just had 3 pizza steaks and some Cajun fries and everything tasted like crap even the soft drinks were off que.  This is my former best lunch hang out I've​ been coming here for over 15 years  they officially became losers like the eagles foot ball team what a travesty.  Edgar colonThis place looks like a dump and you have to sit outside or in your car so if that bothers you- skip it! We had the eggplant parm, italian hoagie and  cheese steak. One of us wanted potato chips and she jogged a few blocks to get them. The whole experience was a hoot and a number of my friends had seen Shanks featured on "Diners, Drive-Ins and Dives" so we will definitely go back.Great rolls & decent amount of sandwich contents.  Turned off by homophobic chatter between workers a year ago, but owner seems friendly. Confusing as to where to order.