We order from Shef's often.  Everything is alway good and hot when it's delivered.  The SantaFe quesadilla is the best.  It has so many jalapeno peppers it makes my eyes water and clears my sinuses.   My husband loves their grilled chicken. He eats gluten free and this chicken has no breading.  We will keep going back for more.Great rolls we all know it's the roll that makes the sandwich. They also have a good vegetarian options as well.Ordered pizza from Shef's tonight and must say it was very good.  Good ratio of sauce to cheese, sauce was well seasoned, crust was a bit to thick for me as I tend to like a thinner crispier crust, but that is a personal perference.  Overall a good pizza at a good price.  Would order again.I like the food. Pretty decent people . And it's close to where I live. I only encounter one bad experience with this lady messing up my order and being rude about it but other that service are goodGrub hub takes forever, and I got charged $.80 for a little itty-bitty container of honey mustard I'm highly upset this is the third time I've ordered from GrubHub with themUsually we have no trouble with Shef's Pizza but do not, I say do not order on Christmas Eve.  Our order took over an hour to get and the driver had no idea where he was going.  I was standing out on my sidewalk, in the rain, trying to get his attention. All the food was cold, naturally after sitting in this idiots car for a long time. I don't know if we will order again. Very, very disappointed.  I still gave him a nice tip because after all, it is Christmas.I order from Shef's often, as it's the closest pizza delivery joint to my house.
The pizza, wings, etc. are just OK. Not bad but not great. What I really like about She'f is their Greek specialties. The owners are Greek, so the gyro and dolmade are legit. That's usually what I order. I've also tried almost every variety of their quesadillas, and I have been pleasantly surprised by them. They're pretty big too, so make sure you're hungry!
The prices are a little high for the area, in my opinion, but the quality of the food is good enough that I will still order from Shef's. Also, the staff in the restaurant as well as the delivery drivers are always really polite and courteous.The pizza is really good! I'm really picky with my pizza and this is the only place near me that will suffice. The counter people are always nice when we call to place an order and nice when we pick it up. Any time we get delivery the drivers are super nice too. Any food we've ever order has been really good as well and there is a huge selection to make everyone happy. I love this place.You guys are great!! Service was quick. The girl on the phone was nice.  Food was good!!!  Thanks for being in our neighborhood.Shef's has been my go-to pizza place since the night we moved in (literally!) exactly 9 years ago.  Over the years we've pretty much had it all - and we have tried other neighborhood places, and none are as consistent as Shef's.
The thing about Shef's is they have great appetizers AND pizza.  I have found other places around me that have great pizza but lame appetizers, or great appetizers but lame pizza.  But Shef's has both.
Mozzarella sticks, buffalo chicken fingers, gyros, salads, club sandwiches, deli sandwiches, cheese fries that aren't soggy and are still hot and melty when they get to your house, pizza, strombolis, hoagies.... everything we've had here is just solid and consistent.  Honestly, I will miss Shef's when we move away next year.  :(Pretty good, cheesesteak on a seeded roll, steak fries, fast delivery, will order againordered a grill chicken panini with roasted peppers, provolone, and spinach.  HIGHLY recommended!  buffalo chicken fries are sinful. lots of chicken on the grill chick ceaser salad.  our order said it would be at our house from 5:05 to 5:15 and it was! perfect timing.  ;o)LOVE their cheesesteaks  and buffalo wings!!This is in my neighborhood and it my go to when i want a good meal!!I can't believe I've never reviewed one of my favorites before! I honestly love Shef's. Everything is good...and we've tried it all. I love that there are so many options, the menu is huge. I really like their pizza (Gino's is my favorite, but Shef's comes in 2nd). Delivery is ridiculously fast, I'm talking like 15-20 minutes, and my order (knock on wood) is never, ever, wrong. 
If you are anything like me, and hate trying new places
because the food sucks or delivery takes forever, then Shef's is your spot. Good and consistent!Pizza tastes okay but honestly frozen pizza tastes better at least it will be hot. The pizza was cold like it's been sitting for hours the crust so mushy since it absorbed all the grease and the cheese slide and hardened so I couldn't even move it back. Not worth the money that's for sure. Not that hard to make a good pizza. Very disappointed.Excellent customer service, very polite and courteous. The steaks are always full and tasty. The variety of specialty pizzas is very good. I never had to wait more than 30 minutes for delivery.Most of the food here is good, but there's certain things I've learned to stay away from. The wings suck. The sauce is as thin as water and doesn't stay on the wings. So you have fried wings delivered in a pool of orange water that have no flavor. Pizza is okay, but there's definitely better in Mayfair. Cheese steaks are pretty good, but sometimes they skimp on the meat. Ceasar salad tastes way too fishy. After ordering from here for years we've officially switched to Ginos.I ordered Shefs on a whim. They delivered all the way to my house in Castor Gardens in a snowstorm. I could barely open my door. They were crazily efficient and it was nice to be able to "track my grub" along the way. I highly recommend the panzarottis. They are amazing especially dipped in ranch. They have the widest variety of food menu items that it could either take you all day to order or cause you to spend a ton of money because everything sounds so good and is most likely delicious. If your ever in the NE area Shefs is the only way to go! Their customer service is impeccable.This is my "go to" place. The food is always good. My order is always correct, and they have the quickest delivery time, even on weekends. Consistency is key in this neighborhood where there are so many pizza shops around.Got a menu delivered to my door. Gave it a try. The food was excellent. The pizza had a decent crust for a NE Philly pizza joint. It was definitely above average. I would most definitely order from there again.I was craving a grilled chicken Caesar salad a few Sundays ago. Their menu was vast and there were a ton of salads to choose from, but I didn't stray from my original craving. I am recovering from a knee injury so delivery was my only option. Jumped on grubhub and realized I needed to spend a few more bucks than what the salad cost in order to get delivery. I went with battered calamari. Boy what a mistake that was. They were nearly burnt and rubbery. The salad was plentiful, but the only thing that was Caesar was the dressing. No parm cheese, no anchovies (I ordered them on the side, though!), and tomatoes. Tomatoes? Since when does a Grilled Chicken Caesar salad come with tomatoes. Meh, like I said, it was plentiful. They gave you plenty of chicken, which was delicious, and they gave you a nice amount of croutons and romaine lettuce. I would try ordering from Shef's again, though. I'll just avoid the calamari. There has GOT to be a place in this area with good fried calamari. The driver, however, was very nice and delivery was fast. Sometimes it's just a crap shoot. I will say, however, it did satisfy my craving.I love this place. The food is good, always delivered fast and Dee always gives AWESOME customer service. She is friendly and welcoming when I or my son talk to her on the phone. She is a real gem for this place. But, back to the food. I love their quesadillas, buffalo wings and the fried ravioli is very good. My son loves their cheese steaks. And the chocolate cake is delicious, try it with some of their ice cream. You should definitely give this neighborhood favorite a try :)Our 1st time ordering here.......
Great experience, tried the stromboli supreme & cheese fries. The Strombolie was very cheesy. Both were good & the delivery was pretty good, food was still hot. Will be ordering again to try more things.Great  Service and outstanding variety.
Getting tired of pizza and fried foods so the deli options and desserts make this place really unique. Highly recommended!I have been ordering from Shef's for the past 10 years. The food is great. We normally order the mega fries, cheese fries and pizza. Delivery is always fast and everyone you talk to on the phone is very pleasant.I've lived in this area for a few years now and I have to say hands down this is one of the best pizza spots around. Always timely and always pipping hot.This restaurant gives poor service. No management of their drivers who constantly park illegally in the alley where residents live. Management doesn't care.Called in too ask if they served or had gluten free alternatives and none of the staff was able to give me a direct answerThese guys make a really delicious veggie burger. I'm not typically the type that can eat a whole burger at once, but this is the exception. It's SO good.This place is by far the best, not only in Mayfair but in the surrounding area. I would frequently travel from Jersey to get food from Shef's. You really can't go wrong with any of the choices on their menu. They are the only place I know of that you can really get WHATEVER you want. Their menu has so many delicious items on it that the only problem you will have is figuring out what to order. Trust me that you will not be disappointed, their wings are amazing, the pizza is great, cheesesteaks to hoagies to pasta, you can't beat this place. In addition, this place has great greek food as well, if you have never tried it you should! The owners are extremely friendly and I have never had a delivery driver that was not polite.Food is good. One problem is the pizza is never cut all the way through. So annoying. Have to get  a knife and cut every slice. How hard is it to cut a pizza?I've ordered from Shef's a few times and the pizza is decent.  I've ordered mozzarella fries twice and both times requested extra cheese.  Never happened.  Asked for plates and forks but they weren't included either.  The last time, the delivery driver was a bit rude.  While the pizza is good, the rest of it just put me off.First time trying shef's.  I got 12 hot wings and a med. white pizza with ricotta cheese.  Wings were ok maybe a little over cooked but the blue cheese they serve tastes like soap, un-eatable.  The pizza was ok too, had to add my own garlic, oregano, and salt to give it some flavor.  In all basic NE pizza shop nothing special won't be ordering again.My family have ordered from Shef's many times in the past, but my favorite from Shef's is the BBQ wings. I order their wings every single time. My hubby favorite is the upside down pizza. Yum!!I love this place! All the food is excellent and they have a huge variety. Me and my family usually can't pick what to get so we do a buffet.I order off GrubHub from her at least 3 times a month. They are always fast, easy, and consistent. I absolutely love their turkey hoagie lunch special! Lets just say if they closed I'd be very heart broken.The last time we ordered, the delivery was fast; it was a nice delivery person.
Let's get down to the bad stuff:
Was placed on hold 6 times when calling in an order.  A five minute call took over 15 minutes.
They need every last piece of your credit card information, including your last name and first name spelled out.  
Chef Salad: When asked to take out onions and olives, and replace with cucumbers, and tomatoes, long pause.  "I have to check"...Long pause..."Ok, the cook said that because tomatoes and cucumbers are out of season, they have to charge me more."  They did.  There were 5 pieces of cucumber, and 6 tomato wedges on the Chef's salad.  Thanks, guys!  Super generous of you as we experience the Great Tomato Famine of the Northeast.   
Cheese Steak: Poorly seasoned meat, non-existent cheese, completely bland.  How do you mess up a cheese steak in Philadelphia?  I can expect a pizza shop in Wisconsin to mess up.  But here?  Inexcusable, sloppy, and lazy.
Fries: Ok, I guess.  But overcooked, and parts of them melted away corners of the Styrofoam container they were in.  That doesn't seem safe...
Mozzarella sticks: You can get better ones in a much larger size in the freezer section of your grocery store for 2 dollars cheaper.  Underwhelming.
In short, there are about 4 dozen better pizza joints in the Northeast.  I wouldn't waste my time or money on Shef's Pizza.Our family have been customers at this place for 25+ years!  Their pizza is always great and they make the best cheesesteaks in the city.  Tonight, we got their coconut shrimp!  AWESOME!  The dipping sauce was truly amazing!  I don't know anyone who works here but their staff, cooks and delivery people have always been polite and friendly.  Thanks for being our #1!Update: this place has gotten progressively worse. Delivery now seems to take forever, and the food is usually soggy and cold. Ive moved on to another go-to a place.
I moved to philly in July and quickly began trying out many of the take out places in the area. Shef's was the second place I tried - and I now know I should've stopped there. Other places are good, but I haven't found one yet that I enjoy more than this place. Delivery is usually fast, and the food is fresh and great every time. The buffalo chicken fries are awesome.Cheesesteaks from here are great the pizza I wouldn't recommend it just has a funny taste couldn't tell if it was the cheese or sauce.I moved to NE Philly about 9 months ago and I've been trying everywhere to find who has the best pizza. I ordered a 1/2 margherita and 1/2 pepperoni mushroom. The sauce is a little sweeter than I'm used to but I actually really enjoyed it that way. If taste stays consistent, this will definitely become my new go-to in the area!I moved to philly in July and quickly began trying out many of the take out places in the area. Shef's was the second place I tried - and I now know I should've stopped there. Other places are good, but I haven't found one yet that I enjoy more than this place. Delivery is usually fast, and the food is fresh and great every time. The buffalo chicken fries are awesome.I ordered the grilled chicken Caesar salad. The lettuce was fresh, tomatoes was firm and the dressing tasted really good however the grilled chicken was very bland. If it was seasoned with salt and pepper alone that would've been a plus but it had no taste whatsoever.I always order from sheffs love everything they have. Sheffs is the best. And when ordering staff r great and very nice.Placed an order for delivery & finally receive my food over an hour later, after being told it would take 30-45mins. Food comes and not only did it take long but it was cold and they forgot my 2Liter.Did I order a Greek wrap or a Black olive wrap?? This was only from half. Can't make it anymore obvious that they are trying to get rid of a ingredient.. wont be ordering agOrdered on grub hub breaded chicken sandwich which should of come with left tomato onions ranch. Grub hub called and asked if I wanted the chicken or the sandwich explained that it's under sandwiches and that's what I ordered. Well I got up charged 
When it came it was dry no ranch no onion. I got charged an extra dollar and they missed ingredients.
Sorry I'll stick with my marios.Best stuff pizza ever. I love their pizza dough and their garlic wings are a hit with me.Horrible !! Their drivers steal money from teenagers and the owners allow it !! dont hire scumbags find honest people to work for ur business I will NEVER order from y'all again if y'all was the last place to eat !!! And at that the food is horribleOrdered from here and the order was wrong. I called back to tell them and they argued with me. I asked to speak to the manager and he said I was the one who said the order wrong... I do not recommend this place at all.Pizza is good, pizza steaks are solid. Only problem is they have the worst mega fries in Mayfair. It's either burnt or the bacon looks like it's 5 years old.Please don't order from here if you want a bug in your food. My first time ordering here and I found a cock roach cooked in my pepperoni and mushroom pizza and what a coincidence I picked the first slice up to eat it and I saw the bug with a little cheese over top of it  and then when I called the store back so they can take the pizza back they did not want to refund my money until I told the manager he will be hearing from my lawyer. This place is crap DONT EAT FROM HERE UNLESS YOU EAT BUGS!We are visiting from KY. Fiends grouchy is here for Cheese Steaks. Great to be in a family business. The Cheese Steaks were great. The people even better. Will come back .Omg this philly cheesesteak was so good. My mom is normally very picky about her food and even she thought that this was super scrumptious. I got the 2 foot philly cheesesteak. It came with a toasted long roll with generous amounts of steak, cheese, tomato sauce, peppers, onions, mushrooms and salami. I took my first bite and I get why the other reviews were saying that the cheesesteak is amazing. There is a setback which is the long roll may be a bit soggy on the bottom after maybe 5 minutes which is inevitable. The juicy steak may wet it. It is best eaten right after delivery. It was $15.25 for the 2 foot shef's steak and $18.36 after tax and delivery charges.This place is terrible... fries and pizza came cold nasty and tasting like cardboard. I would literally rather starve then order even a slice from these people. I'm really not sure how they're still in business. Like how can you go wrong with a cheese pizza and fries. I'm so upset I wasted 16$ on this place. Should have just flushed the money down the garbage disposal like I'm about to do this pizza. I'd rather eat a whole pack of saltine crackers with no water then to ever order from this place.. if this is your last resort just eat your money. It will definitely taste better than this.One of my favorite places ever since I moved to Philly 4 years ago! Food is almost always on pointShef's is our go to delivery place at work. The pizza ,cheesesteaks, salads and quesadillas are great. They have this chicken breast dinner in lemon butter which I love. Their drivers and phone people are always nice. Plus the delivery is super quick.I was introduced to upside down pizzas about two years ago and have been a fan ever since, but have difficulty finding pizzerias that'll do it. I found out about this place after a friend recommended it, he lives near it. I gave it a try, ordered an upside down pizza with steak, OMFG it was exactly, I mean everything exact, what I wanted and envisioned. I give it a 3 because I've had 5 start pizzas, and pizzas that fall short of 5 stars (4 star pizza), and this pizza was slightly below them. I recommend anyone try this place of they have a specific order to be fulfilledand want it to be done right, but hold no expectations for above average pizza, just an average pizza to enjoy.This in my opinion was a decent place to eat however I recently placed an order and received terrible customer service. The day in question I ordered two lunch specials one for me and another for my friend returning back to work from an extended leave. So I pick up the food and went to work. My break is in the evening so when I opened the pizza box it was burnt. I also requested condiments on the side and they were no where to be found. I contacted the manager the next day, he advised I should have returned the pizza for his inspection. I explained if I would have done that my entire lunch break would have been ruined. I explained, serving burnt pizzas to your customers is not a good way to conduct business. He responded by advising it was nothing he could do about the situation. I stated no problem at all. This place has changed and doesn't care about the customers who keep them in business. I will take my business elsewhere as they unfortunately lost a customer.Order a large best of both worlds thru Grubhub. Although the delivery was fast the pizza was not as I expected. It was not the BEST. It was dry, cheap mozzarella cheese, burnt on the bottom and it tasted like cardboard. The worst pizza I have every had!Ahhhh there food is average at best. I would rather go to Jeans pizza! If I do go to Shef's don't get the pizza! It's freaking terrible!!!! Buffalo wings has no flavor to them just hot sauce! Counter girls are rude and nasty!! Just a horrible pizza shop! STAY AWAY!!I'm begging you never to eat here again this restaurant has absolutely lost they God given mind I've never encountered this type of bs in my life. I've ordered here so much that I never thought this could happen don't get me wrong the pizza is amazing but customer service wise is absolutely ridiculous. So today I placed an order off of Grubhub just as I usually do but I didn't get the usual I get because I didn't need all of that so I place my order but today I had cash on me so I put the tip as 0.00 because I was gonna give a cash tip and you wouldn't believe the bs. Not even two minutes later the restaurant canceled my order so I call because the restaurant because I'm thinking okay maybe they are closed and Grubhub is just now nothing nope. I get on the phone and I tell the lady what happened she asked for my address and she's like yeah it's because it's no tip on the order. I was in shock like excuse me huh because wtf I've never heard no shit like that. There's other ways of giving tip not just on my card you fool. I didn't even care to argue with her because I just think that's ridiculous. Stores need to get it threw their thick skulls TIPPING IS OPTIONAL. For something like this you don't even deserve a tip not everyone wants to tip on their card this is a classic case of greediness and money hungry. Maybe if you paid your drivers what they are supposed to be paid this wouldn't be an issue. I forgot she even tried to lie at first saying yeah maybe it's because your too far ma'am I live couple streets away cut the bs.I will never be ordering from here again.  I ordered the grilled Reuben and this is what I received.  The bread feels like it is drenched in water.  When I called to ask them to remake it or give me a refund, he said no and that this is just how they make them.  Never in my life have I had a Reuben like this, and these are my favorite sandwiches.  I will never order from here again and I advise you not to. It is not worth your money.My order was simple (or so I thought) Stuffed Pepperoni Pizza.
The first red flag was that when the pizza arrived it was cool to the touch. There wasn't any heat or warmth emanating whatsoever from the box
I opened the box and the pizza looked "ok"...edible but dull.
All thoughts of edibility were lowered once I took a bite and found the cheese tough, the pepperoni soggy and the pizza borderline cold.  
I made a face, sat the pizza down and finished getting ready for bed. About 10 minutes later I heated up two slices in the microwave. I thought that the microwave would revive it somehow, but It didn't. The pizza still tasted undercooked and unappetizing.
The inside was very doughy, the cheese was still hard, no goo or ooze at all.  Although there were a lot of pepperoni scattered inside, the pepperoni was salty and mushy. Nothing in this stuff pie was blended together well. On top of that There was only a splash of sauce.
I picked over my food and I was really trying hard to find a way to eat it. After awhile I got a headache and the little bit of food I did digest my system rejected and it was brought forcefully out. I don't drink alcohol and I don't have a cold so my "throwing up" wasn't brought on by anything like that. 
I decided to call Shefs to ask for a refund or a different menu selection. I called several times. No one answered . So after 4 unsuccessful attempts I decided  to wait and call the next day. This is where the real fun begins.
I called Shefs today and explained Everything I explained above. I also let the person know that I still had the pizza in my possession and although it was a litle picked over it was barely eaten. I told the man I was talking with that I tried to call back last night but no one answered. Once I stated this he rudely interjects "you ordered it last night, but you are calling today. We closed at 12 but we were so busy I was taking calls till 12:10. So I don't know what to tell you." He was indirectly stating that I did not call back by suggesting if I did I would have gotten through to him. He also said he remembers taking my order, which he didn't because a young woman did. 
He was very argumentative. I told him I'm not trying to argue. I'm just calling because I had problems with the pizza and trying to resolve them without going through my bank. He informed me that "yesterday" they received over 200 orders without complaint (I don't understand why he thought that statement was a feasible way to refute my experience) and that I should go through my bank because there wasn't anything that he would do.  I said fine i will contact my bank because I refuse to throw 20 bucks down the drain.  Then he has the audacity to say I didn't want the pizza anymore because it cost too much and that's not his problem. 
Before hanging up I made it clear that I never had a problem with the cost of their pizza but the actual pizza itself. That their cost with tip is what I usually pay for pizza delivery. That I didn't  understand what he was trying to hint at because if I had a problem with price i wouldI just not order from them... In addition, I told him that I found our whole interaction and dialogue odd. That the way he was handling an unprovoked situation to be weird.  I ordered there for the first time and I was hoping my problem could be resolved amicably. That this wasn't the direction I thought it would go, but since it was obviously going nowhere I'll just hang up and call my bank. He agreed.
I contacted my bank and I will NEVER order from there again. Im not sure what that was about, but I was not confrontational. I was not rude. I don't even like sending food back so you know it was really a problem. I guess I could have put it in my oven, added sauce and try to make something with it...but when I order delivery I'm not trying to be Shef Boyardee.  
I hope that was the owner on the phone. I would hate for a regular employee to sabotage a business in that way... Bad customer service can truly ruin a business.We order here very often. Last time I ordered food between the hand off from the delivery guy and myself pizza was dropped on the front steps of my house. Called the store and they said they didnt care and that it was my fault and then would do nothing for me. Since that I am doneIf I'm in the mood for pizza, a good cheesesteak, tasty wings, and/or some mega fries, the only place I'll order from is Shef's! Their food is always consistently delicious and well-made! My mom comes over from Jersey now just to order the chicken parm sandwich! She says it is the best chicken parm sandwich she's ever had! 
I highly recommend ordering from here if you're local, or stopping in to order if you're coming through the neighborhood. I doubt you'll be disappointed!Person that answered the phone and took my order was extremely rude. 
I ordered a Sicilian pizza, and got what you see in the pictures. I'm not sure what they thought a Sicilian pizza is but that's not it! It was a plain pizza made square instead of round. Didn't taste too great either.