I'm a sucker for noodles and soup. With that said, this place is just alright. It didn't wow me or disappoint. 
The whole experience is pretty straight-forward. What you see is what you get. If you get the tomato broth, it will taste like tomatoes. There isn't  any nuances in the broth. It just tasted like soupy tomatoes. Not necessarily a bad thing but it does feel like its missing something. The side ingredients they bring out for you to put in are added later so those flavors don't really seep into the broth and vice-versa. 
TLDR; Passable but not a bad choice to end on if you don't know what to eat if you're into noodle soups.We had no idea what to order and our waiter was so incredibly helpful and friendly. We ordered medium spice level and were blown away by how hot it was. We'll be coming back but ordering mild next time!The Crossing Bridge Noodles is rice noodle soup from Yunnan, China. Visiting Philly; my family made a stop here for dinner and we're so glad we did. Every bowl of noodles was piping hot and there were caution signs on the table to remind you the bowl is extremely hot.
It's fun to get all the fixings after choosing your soup base and protein. And watching the staff either dump all the fixings in your noodle bowl, or you of course, can do it yourself. Also got an appetizer of black fungus in vinegar to open our appetites and it was yummy.
My only gripe is they got my order WRONG!!! Even with the wrong soup base and protein I won't deny it was still an excellent bowl of noodles.Best rice noodle place in philly Chinatown! Service is so so. Noodle is cooked perfectly, broth is thick and yummy, we tried tomato beef and original, both are very good!! Would like to try other flavors next time!There's nothing quite like this style of noodles around. The presentation is quite unique with the contents of the soup separated out into individual side dishes that you can mix yourself. The broth has a comfort factor that makes it a good choice for a cold day. While it can definitely improve with the depth of flavor, it ends up being a more mild alternative. The amount of food combined ends up being rather filling. Overall, I would say that this restaurant is a solid choice. The fragrant aroma of the food really lingers also as my clothing smelled like the restaurant afterwards.This new spot is super cool to check out. I tried the kimchi beef one, but I'm looking forward to trying the tomato one next. Definitely will be back soonI got beef flank rice noodle soup for takeout so I can't speak to the service issues some folks had but the soup was excellent. Good snappy noodles in flavorful broth with tender beef,mushrooms,pickled cabbage,corn and what looked like slices of ham. It definitely lived up to it's three pepper billing,very spicy! I thought maybe everything would be on the side but it came with everything in the broth except the noodles. Would get again,looking forward to trying their other soups.Never had Yunnan rice noodle soup before,  so this experience was all new for me.
I've had the original soup and I've also had the fish with sour cabbage soup, and I must say the latter was far superior. It was a taste I'd never quite experienced before, and a bowl I will come back for. Don't be afraid of the title; contrary to its name it is neither stinky nor pungent. The fish is tender and mild and the sour cabbage adds a nice little zing and crunch. The broth is the true winner, though. They use some kind of chili oil and the overall flavor is very deep and comforting. I hear the pickled pepper one uses the same broth.
I would skip the original; it's very similar to your typical hot pot broth.
As others have said, they don't accept cards, but they do take cash, venmo, and wechat.Amazing Yunnan noodles. I ended up going for the spicy noodles, and they absolutely hit the spot. Much better than PHO noodles in my opinion, and probably the best noodles I've had in Chinatown. I'll be back again for sure. These noodles would be perfect once the weather cools down a bit.The famous east village restaurant recently expanded to philly! I went there around 1pm on a Monday and there is a short wait. The place isn't very big but a lot of customers came with families. Right after I ordered, they brought a tray of colorful tiny dishes and a bowl of rice noodles. A bit later, they brought a hot stone bowl of broth and put all the side dishes in. I had the tomato broth and it was flavorful. The meat which served raw was cooked instantly in the hot broth. 
The place is cash only but you will only need to spend $15 to have a nutritious big meal.The food is not good enough to make up for the service. 
I don't write reviews, but the service here forced me to. I came here with as a party of 5. After asking for the check, we decided to split the check. We took a couple of minutes to calculate everyone's total since we all ordered different items. There was no rush as my friend and I were still finishing our food. The waitresses assumed my party does not understand Mandarin. The waitresses proceeded to call my party "stupid" and that "it isn't that hard to count money". When one waitress giggled loudly, the other waitress jokingly said not to laugh in front of us. I literally have a math degree.. we were not having trouble counting...
I 100% would not recommend this place.I ate inside before the coronavirus outbreak. I forgot what noodle dish I ordered but I remembered that the presentation was beautiful. The staff piled all the ingredients into the bowl in front of me which I thought was unique and added a personal touch. The black fungus in vinegar was delicious and I hope to come again when in door dining reopens.This was my first time here based on my friend's recommendations. I was pleasantly surprised since I'm not really a soup noodle person. It is a small cozy place but feel clean and well decorated. 
You can choose your soup base which ranges from no spice (on the first page of the menu) to the spiciest one (schzeuwann and Korean kimchi) which are indicated by the number of chili peppers next to the item. Each entree comes with the same bowl of rice noodles and a platter of beef, one chicken wing, an egg, cabbage, green onion.
I'm not fond of tomato soup base so I had the pepper pickle soup which sounds odd and off putting. But it was surprisingly the best one....it is a yellow soup with moderate spice. The red soup base is similar to Taiwanese beef noodle soup but a bit more tomato taste.
TIP: CASH ONLY. But there is an ATM inside the restuarant. OR you can VENMO the restuarant...cool concept right?? Though it makes you wonder....they have a Venmo app but refuses to take credit cards...I liked it a lot.  Normally a Pho guy but this noodle soup was quick and tasty with a bunch of good ingredients in sort of a hot pot.    Good quality and nice service.  I will return.Oh my good - so good. They got all the spices right. So simple yet so delicious. Can't wait to come back. ByeeHappy to see Shi Miao Dao restaurant open in Philly. I've tried it in Flushing, NY before and it was very good. This one in Philly surprised me as well. I ordered a tomato soup based Rice Noodle and it tasted great. I also like the way putting all stuff into the soup and making the noodle soup ready by myself. Definitely I'll come again to try their different flavored noodle soup.The sides were all fresh and the tomato broth was very good. The pork chop was a little dry but not the worst. It would be nice if they gave larger portions of vegetables and less meat but thats just me personally. I like how everything was separated so I could choose what I like or dislike. 
The szechuan soup base was a little bland but I will be coming back to try the other flavors.
The servers didn't really care to refill water.Fast service! They bring the toppings within 1-2 minutes. The rice noodle within 1-2 minutes. And then the hot soup within 1-2 minutes. I am plesy surprised they came that fast. Amazing healthy food. Free wifi. Would like to come againReally great food and great experience. The staff is very friendly and will help you if you need help assembling your food. I certainly didn't know how lol. Am definitely coming back again.Very good and authentic YunNan rice noddle place（云南米线） place in Philly. I read on other review site said that their service is not as good, but I didn't experience any bad service myself. The waitress even offered to help my add my dishes and noodle to my soup. I ordered the original flavor soup base which I liked a lot, and my husband ordered the tomato flavor soup base.Fairly new Yunnan Noodle House in Chinatown lets you decide what you want in your broth and how long to cook it. I got extra tofu skin.
Shi Mao Dao is actually a mini chain. This type of soup, "crossing the bridge noodle", is typically eaten for breakfast in Yunnan.
This would make a very cute date night. Tip: bring a spirit to spike the fruit teas.Very good dinner. We got the original, the kimchi beef, and the pork chop tomato noodle soups. We enjoyed all three of these flavors. The restaurant does get more crowded after 7 pm, so I recommend getting dinner earlier. Service was good and quick. Only problem is that it is cash only.Very tasty noodle! 
Fast service with great quality.
I go there so often that they actually know my order when I sat down!Review during covid pandemic
Really enjoyed it pre-COVID ... the weather was getting cold so we decided to try their take out version
First- touch less pick up was great. They still only take cash le vemno. No indoor dining 
Their to go container is very different. It separates the noodle on top and have everything else already added in the soup
Surprisingly traveled fairly well
We had the cabbage fish and schuzhen spicy. Both were delicious
Really enjoyed it. Can't wait to go back when they open indoor dining againThis is my 3rd time having noodle soup at this place!! First time I had pickled pepper noodle soup, and second time I had sour fish soup based. This time I wanted to try something different, so I go with the pork chop one with plain, not spicy soup base. Even the soup was not spicy but it was still very flavorful, and I added some Szechuan chill pepper oil and boy, the oil brings the soup to another level!! It was amazing!! Super legit!! I would definitely come back to place for some more noodle soup! Currently it's my go to place in Chinatown!!Love their beef brisket noodle soup!!! And the fried chicken wings are the best in the cityMixed feelings.
Five stars for the uniqueness/presentation. Recommend a visit If you haven't tried yet, especially during the cold winter time.
Three stars for the flavors. 
Tomato based soup is very artificial and dull. Rather than the stew-like real tomato taste, It's similar to the flavor of tomato flavored potato chips.  
The other kimchi based soup and the golden soup were tasty.
Two stars for the convenience / services.
NO CREDIT CARD ACCEPTED. I heard they also accept venmo.
Slow service.
My Chinese friend told me that the name of the restaurant literally means "arriving in 10 seconds", however, The experience was more like it arriving in 10 minutes. What makes it worse is that they put all the partially cooked ingredients in front of you but you cannot eat for 10 minutes instead you can only stare at them.Very authentic yunnan rice noodles restaurant. Small and located on the edge of Chinatown, but definitely they have great food and service. Highly recommend the golden soup noodle.Always been wanting to try out this spot! Finally did today and I do not regret it at all. I was a little hesitant since it was so hot today + hot noodles soup = sweat
We ordered:
Spicy + Sour Brisket Rice Noodles: It was the perfect  spice level for me, but didn't really had too much sour (酸菜) taste to it. There was a good amount of brisket in it as well! 
My friend ordered the cross the bridge noodles and according to her it was very flavorful as well (didn't try her's so can't really tell you how it was)
Smashed Cucumber Salad: REFRESHING with a slight kick to it 
Sweet Potato Fries: Just regular sweet potato fries, nothing crazy 
Definitely worth trying out this spot! I think there's something for everyone~ non-spicy, spicy, meat/no meat, pork or notGreat place for rice noodles! It has all different small dishes which look really fancy, and you dump all those into your soup. Soup base is tasty. All meat and vegetables are fresh. You will be so packed after you finished the whole thing.They are open for dine in!!!! Finally I get to enjoy their delicious noodle soup and appetizers!! Yay!! They have updated their menu too!! More stuff to try out for mePros: Unique noodle restaurant experience. The attentive waitstaff will offer to do the final preparations in front of the customers. Appetizers and noodle dishes were delicious and well portioned.
Cons: If credit card is used, the customer will be charged the processing fee; use cash or cash app to avoid the additional charge.Ok hold up. How have I never heard of this place before! This place is the love child of hot pot and soup noodle. They have so many broth options, ranging from mild to spicy. In addition, you can pick add-on as well on top of the side dishes they offer. 
I only removed a star because it seemed as the air was too "peppery" if it made sense. It was a little hard to breath without coughing. I wonder if there could be more ventilation? Who knows, probably won't stop me from going back since the food was amazing.Last mouth eat here when I traveled here. Really terrible place to eat and stay. If could give zero star, I will give zero. The short-haired waitress's attitude is like eating . I don't want to give any tips to her, but how crazy, she not allow me to leave until I leave the tips on the table. Never come here again. Ps: different attitude to different people.Very surprised this place does not have more reviews considering how delicious their food is!
They specialize in rice noodles (aka boat noodles), based on an old Chinese story. You get the soup in a hot pot and add your own ingredients.
I got the tomato base with brisket and my friend got the traditional base with sliced beef. Both were solid though I preferred the tanginess of the tomato broth, perfect on a cold fall day. The prices are also very fair for the portion size.
The restaurants interior is very clean and welcoming with quick service. Highly recommend!I've tried this chain back when I lived in nyc. I had just returned from Yunnan and the soup didn't taste authentic. Then I moved out of nyc and my food options became limited. I've been here many times and though it's no comparison to noodles in Yunnan, I've came to accept and like the offerings here. The only thing is the spicy soups taste almost identical... cabbage and 金汤 were almost the same... and I didn't see any picked cabbage... but overall I like the food here, not a lot of msg and I don't get super thirsty afterwards.The ambience, quality of ingredients, and portion size merit a five star for this restaurant. The decor is very cute and the server was friendly and prompt. It's easy to prep these in advance because each tray comes with the same veggie and seafood servings. Only the soup and meat content really differs, but was extremely satisfying. Everyone was happy with their food and also with our braised tripe appetizer, which was numbing spice tea. I talked to the owner and she imports her noodles directly from this region of China (Yunnan) for quality and cost, which is why they're able to offer low prices. Don't forget to tip!I was super excited to try this new noodle place! My friends went to their soft opening and I immediately messaged them asking where this gem was. 
It's a new business located and the corner of 9th and race, a little bit before terakawa! But, this place is one of the places I've been looking for! I've been in search for a meaty, spicy broth.. and I think I've found the place that i will be going to on a cold winter day. 
I got the spicy sirloin, and it came with all these cute little assortments of condiments.. corn, pickled cabbage, tofu skin, black fungus mushroom, etc. the presentation was absolutely beautiful! 
They bring the soup in a hot stone bowl, so your food doesn't get cold. They offer to add all the condiments in for you, but I opted to do it myself. The broth mixed with the meat and the noodles was fantastic. The broth needed a little more meaty-ness to it, but nonetheless, i was super pleased. 
If you're in need of something to warm up your stomach and satisfy your noodle cravings- hit this place up! 
They're a cash only place though, keep that in mind :)Seems more like a novelty restaurant to me. After you order, the servers bring out our broth, noodles and an assortment of toppings. Then they asked if you liked them to help assemble it which is literally just adding all the ingredients into the broth. Honestly, I don't think there would be too much of a difference between adding the toppings in front of me or in the kitchen before bringing it out. 
The dish itself was good but nothing special. The broth was also good but the flavors could've been stronger and the noodles were alright. Worth checking out but probably won't be back for more.The food is not good enough to make up for the service. 
I don't write reviews, but the service here forced me to. I came here with as a party of 5. After asking for the check, we decided to split the check. We took a couple of minutes to calculate everyone's total since we all ordered different items. There was no rush as my friend and I were still finishing our food. The waitresses assumed my party did not understand Mandarin. The waitresses proceeded to call my party "stupid" and that "it isn't that hard to count money". When one waitress giggled loudly, the other waitress jokingly said not to laugh in front of us. I literally have a math degree... we were not having trouble counting.
I 100% would not recommend this place.The food was really good. Soup was flavorful and the noodles were a great texture. Very interesting that everything in the soup came on the side. Great overall experienceCame here with 3 friends for dinner on a Saturday, so it was decently busy but we were able to get seated right away. FYI this place is cash only but they have an ATM if needed.
We ordered salt and pepper squid as an appetizer (it was good but not amazing) and then ordered our respective rice noodle soups. First the noodles come out with the various side dishes that go into the soup, and then the soup comes out in a hot stone bowl. You can either have your server add and mix everything for you, or do it yourself. Service was also pretty good. They refilled my water when needed.
I got fish with sour cabbage rice noodle soup. For the price, the portion was pretty generous and there was a lot of fish. According to the menu it's pretty spicy but I didn't think it was that spicy at all. Even so I thought it was pretty good. My friend got the spicy szechuan soup and there was a lot of beef!! If you want to eat a lot of meat and like spicy food you should get that.
I'd come back to try the other soup bases.Absolutely delicious spicy and sour noodles! We ordered the sour cabbage fish and sour cabbage beef noodle soup to go and wow it was amazing! Probably even better if we dine in'd. The portion is HUGE and the price is soooo good for the portion!! Definitely coming back!I didn't realize crossover hot pot/yunnan rice noodles were a specific type of noodle soup bowl until I stumbled upon this restaurant! I was browsing Yelp and was intrigued since I love all type of soup noodles (especially rice noodles). Essentially it is a meal where you put all the ingredients into a hot stone bowl yourself (no gas for the bowl). They give you all the add-ins and for the most part what they give you is standard (although I didn't try and ask for anything extra/substitutions, the staff was so nice I'm sure they would if you ask!). I ordered the classic bowl and asked for some chili oil to give it a little spice. I thought the broth was very flavorful without being overly/unnecessarily salty. The noodles mixed into the broth very well (I was worried they would be clumpy). Very fair portions of everything for the price. Highly recommend!
The waitress was very nice, I told her my phone was dying and she provided me with a charger!Was randomly walking around Chinatown looking for a place to eat and ran into a friend who recommended this restaurant. Didn't have any expectations. 
Pleasantly surprised by how good the soup noodle dish was. I got the hot and sour with beef rice noodle. Waitress also showed me how to eat it and orchestrated my soup dish for me. The broth hit me out if no where, a flavor profile I hadn't come across in a long time. It was light and slurpable with complex flavors keeping you coming back for more. It was delicate and complex at the same time. 
The garlic chicken dish was also good. 
Overall a very good experience and I would come back. The prices were reasonable and I paid in cash because, you know it's chinatown and they love cash payments. I'm fine with that as long as the prices are affordable.Been here 3 times. Every single time whatever I order they miss something. At 3rd time we didn't even get water. Everything seems to be slow. But they get the check to you extremely fast.They want cash only!
Didn't like it and won't comeback again because of the wait and the food was not worth for the wait! 
My order was a chicken noodle, it came with only a little ingredients. I personally don't like the chicken breast and the taste of the soup. Overall it was too salty.Was excited to try since it came from New York and the presentation was looked interesting/instagrammable haha. Food comes out fast cause they basically just have to heat up the broth and noodles for you. Priced at around $10-$14 for a noodle bowl. Servers can put in all the ingredients and mix it for you or you can DIY. Noodles were OK, nothing stand out, for the price, you could get the same thing at other noodle shops in Chinatown for $7-$8.the kimchi beef noodle is my favorite thing to get when i come. i've tried the chicken noodle a while back and it was a little blan but i'm not really sure how it is now. other than that it's always consistent and great service !!DO NOT go here. This restaurant is so shady. We went out for Father's Day dinner with a family of 12 people. When we got our check for a total of $189, we were told we will be charged for a 3.95% fee from the credit card company because I'm paying with my credit card. I was like no, the 3.95% fee was supposed to be charged to the merchant but the customer but they said I'm responsible to pay for. They displayed that fine print up at the register which I didn't see until I was ready to pay up at the register. I totally get it when there are times I was told there's a small fee when I used my credit card at certain store because I made a small purchase but this is a $189 bill and the merchant still want me to pay for the fee. That's so unreasonable and I WILL NOT return to this place until they made any chance. Now that's discriminating me using my credit card.I came to this place on the 2nd day of the soft opening. They were def not well prepared. The food was good. But I would give 1 star for the rest. I never post negative reviews for Asian food that's on this level (not shitty fusion but pretty authentic). The line was pretty long when I got there. But then I noticed there were like 3 open tables inside, the waitresses just didn't let ppl in for some reason. When I finally got in, i waited another 10 min to get a menu. Then another 10 min to order. 35 min later I got my noodle soup. Cmon it's noodle soup, why do I need to wait for half an hour? Then when I asked for vinegar, the waitress w/o checking with the kitchen told me she believed that they didn't have any. I was like okay. This is the first time that I know a Chinese restaurant doesn't have vinegar. And of course it's cash only. In a nutshell, the waitresses were just useless.I was excited to hear and see that Philly Chinatown now has cross bridge noodle soup! I first had this noodle soup in Rockville, MD at Mandarin Express so I had to try this and compare. 
The flavor of the broth is full of umami and paired with noodles, is the ultimate comfort food. Their protein options include lamb, fish, and pork and maybe a few others. There are no vegetarian options, as the broth is made with pork bone. I thoroughly enjoyed my noodle soup and completely cleared the bowl out. I would recommend this spot if you're a fan of noodle soup!Located in the spot where Vietnam House once stood, Shi Miao Dao is a new Chinese, more specifically Yun Nan noodle chain, that has finally made its way to Philadelphia. We came here for its soft opening with friends and only three of their appetizers were available. We opted for the garlic fried chicken, which tasted pretty good and was nicely fried but I don't recall tasting any garlic flavor. It was also our first time trying Shi Miao Dao, but you pretty much order a soup noodle, which is brought to you piping hot along with a tray of different ingredients that you empty into the hot soup on your own, which adds to the fun of it (I guess). My friends and I had the noodles with tomato soup base, while my husband had the chicken noodle. The tomato base was very flavorful, and the beef parts in the soup were perfectly braised and soft. I would definitely recommend this over the chicken noodle.I ordered the tomato beef soup and it came is a sizzling stone bowl along with mini side dishes. The mini dishes are meant to be combined with the soup along with the rice noodles on the side. The soup was amazing. Very flavorful and I liked how the soup stayed hot for a long period of time. 
It's definitely worth it for the price and it's very filling!This is NOT Yunnan Guoqiao rice noodles as they advertise. They took the form of Guoqiao noodles, which is putting noodles and other food into hot soup to cook, but everything is wrong. We each ordered a different soup and they both taste like it's made from pre-made powder or base, and they taste so bad. The tomato soup had a clear taste of ketchup! The selection of the food to put into the soup is just all wrong too. They clearly have no idea what Yunnan Guoqiao rice noodles are or just chose to ignore it and did whatever was cheap. There is a very moving story behind the creation of the dish and if they're not going to honor that they should not be selling the food and using the name. Ironically the name of store means "10 seconds to Yunnan". I did not feel like I was back in Yunnan at all. 
Ok, so taking aside the fact that they did not produce food as advertised, and just evaluating the food without any context, my one star review still stands. As I've mentioned before, the soup is made out of pre-made stuff and taste awful and weird. The ingredients did not mix well together at all. I mostly tell servers that things are good at any restaurant, but I had made up my mind to tell them exactly what was wrong with their food if they came and checked on us.... but they never did, ha! How's that for service? 
I will not be returning again and this place is not worth anybody's money and time.I came in here 3 times every time only couple piece of meat in there, and one time I order a beef tomotato noodle to go for my mom, my mom ask me where's the meat it's all broth, so not worth for the price and way worse then the flushing, not recommendedBest rice noodles in town.
Order takeout tonight. The noodles and soup are beyond my expectations!
They design the box to separate the noodles and soup! Smart move!
Highly recommendedSurprised this place has so many bad reviews. I took a chance and came here even after reading them and am glad I did. I wanted something different other than the regular ramen or pho next door. I went around 6pm on a Saturday and there were only 2 other couples inside. We got our sides and soup quickly. It costs around $11 for the rice noodle soup. The presentation of the sides is really nice. I got the pork chop tomato soup and it's good if you like the tomato taste. With all the sides and the pork it's super filling. I would definitely come back, especially during the colder season.