This place hasn't changed in over ten years. Opens late in the afternoon. Closes well into the early morning. The tables are still just as wobbly and the seats are still comfortable. 
Food is as always delicious. Beef chow fun and salty baked squid are must gets. But I could have sworn the portions have gotten a bit smaller since a few years ago. I mean... it's now better portion controlled. :-) wouldn't go anywhere else because it's so good!Great late night option.  Decided to do late night run in Chinatown and we stopped here. 
I had the Singapore Noodles which were very good.  My fiance had Big Shrimp soup which warmed her up.  She really enjoyed it. 
Service was meh but I wasn't expecting hugs so no surprise there.  
Definitely will go back.My favorite Chinese place! Peking duck is sublime and so baby bok choy.  The menu can be a bit overwhelming (it's huge), but the waiters will help you along the way if you are lost.  Strongly recommended!You simply can't go wrong at The Kung. Drunk or not and stuck in philly? It's the place to be! Great service and amazing food, best restaurant in the city
I recommend the fried and steamed dumplings as well as the beef chow funUghhhh...used to love this place..losing its touch. Im gonna give it one more try at some point, but our love affair is on thin ice..everything lately is either waaay too salty, or literally tastes like nothing. Shame, i love family run joints.This place opens late and is one of the highest reviewed place that opens late in Chinatown. I got a congee take out and it was kinda bland.Just call it "The place with the lace curtains."  That's what all the cool kids say.
So I went here with a group of friends for a meetup dinner.  The place is a byo which is always nice and the prices are very reasonable.  The decor inside is not much to speak of.  It pretty much looks like any other run of the mill chinese restaurant I've ever been to.  One cool thing about our table was that it had a lazy susan in the middle of it.  Gotta love that, ya know, because it spins.
So onto the food.  We were a relatively large group so we ordered quite and array of items.  This place really excels in the food department.  The salt baked squid is phenomenal.  It's like there is salt running through the batter but it's not overwhelming.  The sliced chiles on the plate as well just make it that much more awesome to eat.
The hot pots that we got were very tasty and definitely enough food for one person.  The service was very prompt and they were extremely nice and accommodating to our fairly large group.  I ordered the sizzling wor ba which I expected to come out with huge fan fair.  It was tasty but I was a bit underwhelmed by the dish.  Still, there is enough good about this place that I won't dwell on my tasty but not stellar entree.
Oh, and also as a nicety, it won't break the bank either.  Definitely a new go to spot up in chinatown.Yum, yum, yum in my tum, tum, tum. Jumped off the plane and came straight to Chinatown! We were not disappointed! The service was great even though we walked in just before 1 am. Lucky for us, there was a large group in the restaurant eating after a concert. We had an order of shrimp egg rolls (huge), giant fried pot stickers drowning in sauce and two entree specials. Dragons nest and lucky family. Both full of chicken, seafood and veggies. The restaurant is small, I'm sure it gets packed at dinner time. A number of people walked in to get to-go food while we were eating and the phone was still ringing. There's not really any decor but I felt the food made up for it. Overall- great experience.We tried this restaurant 3 times and so far it was excellent . My daughter got half of a peking duck and it was great . The dumplings were good too . When we came home my daughter wanted the whole Peking duck
and today we are getting delivery and she is getting the whole . Over all Shiao Lang Kung was great . You are going in for a real treat ! We recommend the steamed dumplings , the whole duck , the chicken with veggies , and more .This has got to be the WORST restaurant I've ever been to!
I can sum up this joint in three phrases:
1) Gross & filthy atmosphere
2) Tastless, greasy, UNHEALTHY food
3) Rude, obnoxious staff
The table clothes were full of stains. They didn't clean them. My buddy got his pants dirty because of spilt soup on his chair. (So watch where you sit if you risk going to this place!). The waiter was ridiculously rude and unfriendly. 
The food was horrible. I've never had worse Kung Pao chicken in my life! The soup was cold and felt like it contained 80% water.
A Disgusting, NASTY place! Stay away folks!We were trying to find food in the city the other night around 1am and decided to head to Chinatown.  We happened upon Shiao Lan Kung and I recalled reading positive reviews about it.  We ordered the Vegetable Lo Mei Fun take out and went home and devoured it.  Two days later we decided to head back for a full dinner.  
The restaurant is small, although there was only one other party there when we arrived so we were seated immediately.  The menu is a decent size offering both meat and vegetable dishes and specializing in seafood dishes.  
The service was very attentive and prompt, though not too intrusive and our food was delivered in just the right amount of time (I was starving!).  The decor is a bit outdated - with essentially zero ambiance...
The food however, is delicious! As we were eating our meal the tables kept filling up (always a good sign) We ordered the Vegetable Lo Mei Fun again- I loved it...I'm a big fan of this dish and I'd say this is for sure the best I've had in Philadelphia.  We also ordered the Sweet and Spicy Shrimp which was delicious as well, I'm usually not a fan of any of the 'Sweet and Sour/Spicy' dishes but this was really good.  The shrimp tasted fresh as well.  
The price for two of us for dinner came to around $20.  I look forward to returning here again soon! My favorite restaurant I've tried in Chinatown so far. Highly recommended!
Also I believe it is BYOB.This place does not adhere to their scheduled hours of operation. I arrived at 11:50 PM when they close at 2AM and simply said "this is our last table." They were rude and not accommodating. When I confronted them about their hours of operation, they closed the door in my face.The best Chinese food in Phila small place but check it out you will be happy you did.This place was awesome. Very small and great service. I was here as a party of two, and we had the Pork Dumpling Appetizer (great), Hot and Sour soup (great), Salt Baked Shrimp (extremely great), and the Ginger and Scallion Beef (great). Price was very reasonable. I am visiting only for a few days and I might come back.Really tasty Chinese food.  My sister and I like to stop by china town for some food after she picks me up from the airport.  The past couple of times we have gone to mai lai wah and it's just been kinda average so I wanted to try someplace new.
I'm glad we did!  We had a very delicious satisfying meal at Shiao lan Kung and will be going here from now on.  
We started with the hot and sour and hong kong style wonton soups.  The hot and sour was really good (I order it whenever I see it on the menu) with a lot of spice and perfect amount of sour.  The wonton soup was huge!  and the wontons tasted fresh and yummy.  I had the leftover soup for breakfast the next morning.  
For the main course I we had szechuan shrimp and maopo tofu.  Both were amazing.  The serving sizes were more than plenty for the two of us.  The only thing i was disappointed in was the egg roll.  It came out darker than it should have been like it was left in the fryer too long and didn't have much flavor.  Can't wait to go back the next time I'm in Philly!OMG the fried dumplings were so good! Get them! Unfortunately, I only had that as I was on a Chinatown food crawl, but I would definitely recommend this place for a quick bite. Yum!The best Chinese food in Chinatown. I love the family style portions. I have been going here for ever 15 years. Highly recommend the roast duck. Great flavor food very authentic.Came here with coworkers on a early Tuesday evening, and this place was super empty and quiet. As the night goes, it got more filled and mainly non-Chinese diners. Usually you know a Chinese restaurant is good if it's filled with Chinese people, but this is not the case for Shiao Lan Kung. Even though there were rarely any Asian eating there that night, he food here is pretty good.
I had:
Salted Baked Trio, which consisted of lightly battered squid, scallop and shrimps. I really the light batter, just wish there was a little more seasoning. 
Dragon & Phoenix's Nest: I really like this dish because you get both veggies and seafood.
Homemade Style Rice Noodle: Super flavorful and interesting since they use fermented veggies in this dish. It's also filled with that "wok" flavor. 
Spinach with Garlic: Quite oily and bland, but garlicky at the same time. 
Pa-Chien Tofu In Hot Pot: Taste typical and flavorful. I just wish the tofu is deep fried a little more.
All in all, a decently clean, small but spacious Chinese restaurant to eat at with pretty good service and food.The roast pork wonton soup was flavorful and delicious. The salt baked scallops were extremely salty, as expected, but over white rice were super good. My family loved the pork and bean sprouts and Peking duck. We will definitely be back!Came in around 6 on a Friday night and about half the restaurant was filled. Had the house style tofu and eight treasure clay pot. They both came out sizzling hot and were flavorful. Unfortunately the tofu was not the soft fresh fried tofu that I've seen at other restaurants. It had a firm texture and did not stand out. The portion sizes were  normal and appropriate for the price.Stopped by Shiao Lan Kung for a late dinner after walking around chinatown for a bit looking for a place that was open late. This place had lots of awards and Zagat ratings on the front window, so we thought itd be a good place. Since it was late on a Thursday night, there were only a few other tables occupied aside from us. The service was very good, for a Chinese restaurant. However, the food was incredibly salty. We ordered pretty traditional Chinese dishes, not the westernized-chinese food (It was a small group of Chinese/oriental guys. It was hard to finish. We needed lots of rice and water to go with it. Perhaps it was a late night thing, but I won't be back. Unless it's with someone who has been there before and can vouch for their food.Every dish we got was delicious!
We got the chinese broccoli with oyster sauce and the greens were cooked perfectly - crunchy, not soggy and the sauce was delicious. The salt baked shrimp and squid is so delicious, I love the jalapenos in there. We also got vegetable fried rice, delicious with water chestnuts, baby corn and bamboo. We got a hot pot with tofu and mixed vegetables and it was delicious. There was nothing we didn't like. We liked it so much, we went back the next day for dinner again. Everyone is so nice there too.With so many restaurants in China town in Philly, we were hoping we made a good choice when we picked this restaurant. Glad to say that this turned out to be a winner. It's a small restaurant and always quite packed, which goes to show how good their food is, and clearly there are many regulars at this place. We ordered the mashed chicken with sweet corn soup, and it was delicious! In addition we ordered some egg rolls, a seafood and a chicken dish. All the dishes were great. The staff are friendly and will always welcome you promptly and with a smile. 
So the next time you  are wondering which of the many gray restaurants to try in Chinatown, go for this place!Situated on Race street away from the main street of Chinatown (which is 10th street), this place appears nondescript amongst it's neighbors but the quality of its food, and that alone, distinguish it. I too would not have tread upon its threshold had Pho Xiet Luan been open on Wednesdays. But here we were and I'm glad to have eaten here.
This place has all the marks of an authentic Chinese restaurant- no frills, very modest table service, meaning no one is going to actively ask how your meal is but if you just look up and look around, a waitress is by your side in a flash. We got the seafood and bean curd hot pot, the chicken and eggplant hotpot, and a third dish whose name I can't remember (fail, I know). All the dishes were piping hot and flavorful. The portion sizes are moderate, so you'll definitely fill up but without having leftovers to bring home. Between the three of us, we paid $13 each. They do accept credit card but prefer cash. I'll definitely be back to try their other dishes. I do wish they opened earlier bc they don't open until 3 pm, but they stay open until 2 AM so that's probably the reason.Had to bump this down to a three star rating. Here's why:
It gets SUPER crowded now late at night. I guess the word got around that this is the new late night spot for food, but my friends and I got to Shiao Lan Kung, and waited fifteen minutes at the door, when clearly there were tables open for us to sit at. Strike one.
When we finally got seated, it took another twenty minutes for the waiter to take our order. We said we were waiting on two other people and they were late, but I figured the waiter or someone would've came over and asked us if we wanted to order first. Common sense much?
The food wasn't that great this time around as well. The pan fried dumplings weren't as crispy or hot. They also upped the price to $6 for 8 dumplings. The salt and pepper squid seemed to rubbery and WAY too salty. The sweet and sour BBQ pork just did not satisfy my needs for that night.
Side note, there's a sign that says their credit card machine isn't working, but they'll swipe your debit/credit card if you pay more than $20. 
Overall, Shiao Lan Kung is a better spot to eat at late at night compared to Rising Tide, but it's not the best spot anymore.Awesome place to eat. I randomly chose this place because I wanted to get away from the tourist traps on my trip. The prices are great, it's quiet, and the services is quick.A little expensive for the portion sizes. All items a la cart.  I had the general tso's chicken. 1 small Shrimp Fried Rice and an egg roll.  The Egg roll was awesome and big. For the general tso's I am used to a thicker spicier sauce. Sauce was runny and bland. The chicken was more sauteed rather than fried and a little crunchy.  It was a decent experience, I still ate it all, just not my cup of tea. I would go back for egg rolls. 
Egg roll - $1.85
General Tso's Chicken (just the chicken) - $12.95
Smal Shrimp Fried Rice - $4.50
To me, This is expensive...Not a lot of bang for your buck.The great thing about this restaurant that it is all about their food. Forget about fancy decorations, or anything else. If you want excellent Chinese food in Philadelphia you need to stop here and nowhere else. 
My favorite dish is the "Salt-Baked Shrimp, Scallop and Squid." Other items I would recommend to try are "Sweet and Spicy Shrimp", "Bean Curd in Spicy Garlic Sauce" and their "Oysters with Black Bean Sauce". 
Overall the pricing is very reasonable. You can choose to eat at the restaurant or get take out. The take out service is very fast. On the rare occasion that your food is not ready when you arrive they will take it out to the car for you as long as you are park on the small side street close to them (N Hutchinson St). I would discourage people to order  "Spring Rolls" or "Egg Rolls" for take out as they tend to be somewhat burnt. They are closed on Mondays and on most nights open until one or two in the morning.As many have mentioned, Shiao Lan Kung offers a variety of salt-baked specialties, which I enjoy as well. Often we also get down with some chicken and eggplant or chicken in black bean sauce. We always order one of those saucy birds... but sometimes all I want for these rum-soaked bones is some spicy lo mein noodles in the night. I'll admit it. 
Usually I'd be more about the more authentic and interesting side of things, but the ole gal gets hit with these kinda hankerings hard after a night out and about. Noodley comfort food, that's the ticket.
Shaio Lan Kung does not have such an item listed on their menu, but when I asked if the cooks could stir up their vegetarian lo mein extra extra super spicy, they really did and gave me some extra chili oil on the side t'boot, and I appreciate it. 
Open late 2 Am every night and 3 AM on Fri & Sat. That there is some helpful information for someone like myself, you know.food is not very fresh and the service is kind of badOnly went here because it's open until 3am on Saturdays. Food was decent enough, but some serious issues will probably prevent me from returning.
I got the fried dumplings, chicken and eggplant, and beef chow fun (this is one of the standards I judge a restaurant in chinatown by). The chow fun was just OK. Definitely not one of the best I've had in Philly. The pan fried dumplings were actually surprising good. The chicken and eggplant would have been great, except there was barely any chicken in it. No seriously, the amount of chicken I got for $11 was insulting. They also up-charge for white rice..seriously? 
Decent Chinese place in Philly Chinatown, gets an extra star for being open late night. May give it one more chance to see if I went on a bad night, but tonight's experience was really mediocre.I've been here a couple times, and it's all right.
The salt-baked seafood was very good -- taste & texture are great.
Cold sesame noodles didn't have much flavour.
Other stuff was just okay.  Maybe I haven't tried enough of the right dishes.Goods and bads and I'll break down both. Keep in mind this is my first negative Yelp post yet. I try to keep it positive but felt the need to share my experience. 
We walk into the smallish venue and the host/waiter is sitting at a table and "points" us to our seats without getting up. Interesting. 
We order our food and then subsequently two other parties walk in and order. Their food comes and they leave before we even get our entree. We inquire to the manager and she quickly yells "it coming, it coming." Meanwhile, the one party that arrived 20 minutes after us has now opened their fortune cookies, paid, and left. The kicker is that they appeared to have ordered the same or similar dish (sesame chicken or general tsos - same dish, different sauce) as us. Perhaps they're ability to communicate in Chinese allowed for quicker/better service (?!?!) Again, interesting. 
Moving on. The sesame chicken finally came out. Sesame chicken often comes with broccoli, however my dish looked as if I ordered broccoli with a side of sesame chicken. It's chunks of dark meat chicken, not filet mignon. Pile it on! 
Sesame chicken:
Quantity: F
Quality: B+ (it was pretty good) 
My guest got the "Chinese delight" which was a mixture of chicken, scallops and shrimp with a spicy garlic sauce. 
Quantity: A
Quality: A-
The food was overall pretty good, which is the SOLE reason I even gave it two stars (there was no option for 1.5 stars) but the service was dismal. Any request we made seemed to be met with hostility and a sense that we were bothering the staff. Our party felt very unwelcome. Native speaking guests, however, were getting hugs and smiles upon entrance. 
For some, I would recommend it and believe the service would be great. For others, such as myself, I would not recommend this place to anyone. I will certainly be avoiding this restaurant and the awkward and uncomfortable experience that went along with it.My absolute favorite Chinese restaurant in Chinatown!
Alllllll attributed to one amazing lip-smacking tastebud-melting heavenly perfect dish.
THE EGGPLANT HOTPOT.
Nono, it's not the typical let's-stick-anything-n-everything-into-a-boiling-pot-of-water kinda hotpot. It comes in it's magical dish full of flavorful TENDER pieces of eggplant that instantaneously melt in your mouth with an explosion of garlic brown sauce.
You HAVE to order it. Trust me, I've had friends that first looked at me apprehensively when I ordered it but they too became believers once they experienced this magical hotpot.
Oh, and their other dishes are tasty and inexpensive too. I'm down with that.After being recommended to this place and seeing the reviews up here, I was sure this place would be the real deal.  Let me assure you that it is not.  I am Chinese and this is NOT Chinese food.  It's completely Americanized.  Like Rose said, the sauces are way thick and sweet, and the soup we ordered was extremely bland.    
If they serve Sweet & Sour Chicken and General Tso's then it's def. not the REAL DEAL.I live on the edge of Chinatown and, while I haven't tried every spot, this is my go-to for food. The prices are completely reasonable and relatively inexpensive. The service is great, quick, efficient and the staff friendly.
The food is very good. It's delicious, but not overly greasy, as most other places are wont to do. Portions are large - if you're not terribly hungry you could probably get by with splitting an entree. The only reason it gets 4/5 is that rice costs extra.
Overall, this is probably the best food in Chinatown at perfectly reasonable prices. I'd recommend the Beef in hot bean sauce and Green beans in garlic sauce.The dumplings were the best I've ever had.  Everything else was o.k.  Don't get the general tso's chicken.Open till Eleven thirty most nights.  This place is amazing for a great authentic Chinese meal ..... my favorite spot in Chinatown was closed ..... so I tried this place and I was very happy ... I did .... great prices great food ... lots of vegetarian optionsService on the slow side today. Arrived at 5 pm when fairly quiet but suddenly got very crowded. It seemed like several larger tables that arrived later than us were served their entrees before us.
Our fried pork dumplings were very good, but then we waited a while until my salt baked squid was served. It was excellent. My wife had moo shoo (?) chicken, which was good, and we shared chicken fried rice and baby bok choi, which were also very good. Portions here are generous. They could use some decent wine glasses.During a trip to Philly, I walked around the rather nice little Chinatown in the city and found Shiao Lan Kung. The window was posted with some acknowledgements by local publications and it had a good family owned cafe vibe. 
The food was surprisingly good at moments...the Roast Pork Wonton soup actually smelled delicately of sesame oil that must have been sprinkled on top (a touch that recipes always recommend but a flavor that usually gets lost in restaurant preparations for some reason). The egg roll I had was over-fried (dark brown) but filled with good east coast style ingredients. I had a wonderful duck dish called Wor Siu Duck which comes with julienne snow peas, bamboo, and shitake mushrooms. 
I have heard rumors there are better places in the city but this is a great spot to start.
5 stars for the food and friendly atmosphere in general but minus one for the over cooked egg roll.
Enjoy!Wooow wow! I am continuously impressed with getting dinner at this hole in the wall spot in China Town.
Last night I took my parents for their first time and we were all blown away with the quality of the food and how quickly it came out, nothing new here. We got our usual order: pan fried pork dumplings, fried wontons, garlic green beans, salt bake jumpo shrimp (ask for no shells), walknut shrimp, chicken ho-fun with bean sauce....
AND something new! Which blew my mind.
I asked our waitress for her opinion on the best fish dish to which she goes, "OH! Ok, ok, I know." Within ten minutes out came a whole, steamed sea bass that was sitting in the most delicious ginger, soy sauce. I have never been so happy and I am already craving it again. I could come for just this once a week....and probably will!
Happy eating!Overall, the food is solid and served very quickly (less than 10 minutes), although the portions are still on the small side.  Our stir-fried Chinese sausage with shitake, shoots, snow peas, carrots, dried radishes, and mushrooms was pretty authentic, but they did use canned mushrooms rather than fresh ones.  The sausage was cooked perfectly, with just the right amount of heat.  We also had the fried bean curd toast with shrimp, which was light and crispy, and not at all heavy.  The curry shrimp was solid, as well, with a flavorful gravy.  Service was very good, and the small, quiet setting was cozy and great for a family dinner.Excellent little place.
I went with a large party.
Food: A
Most of the dishes were absolutely delicious. I especially liked the Beef Chow Fun and Salt Baked Shrimp/Squid. 
Service: A
The lady who served us (I believe was the owner) was very attentive and kind. She also gave us another plate on the house!I've eaten here countless times and can't believe I'm just getting to writing a review. The food is solid, better than most traditional canto places I've been to, and they even have lazy susans! I recommend the dumplings (they're huge and fried and super savory), salt baked squid, and pan fried noodles. Prices are cheap and portions are sizeable! It's become our go-to spot in Chinatown and I don't see that changing any time soon!This is a Chinatown staple for Philly. They hold weird hours, I think they're open for dinner most nights and Friday lunches (but I could be wrong). Anywho, Joe and I ordered to go from here since we didn't feel like the hassle of looking for parking in Chinatown. We split two dishes. And staying true to the spirit of take out, we didn't use any of our own dishes or utensils to save the trouble of doing dishes later on.
This dish was amazing but tiny! for the price, I would've thought the box would've been more than 1/3 full. come on! the pieces of white meat were dredged in a flour batter and deep fried and then cooked in a black bean based sauce. I liked that the black bean flavor didn't overwhelm the other elements going on here (dried red peppers? garlic?)
the salt baked shrimp and scallop is my favorite in all of Chinatown (that's right, I'm putting my 2 cents down). I'm not a fan of squid but luckily Joe eats everything so this worked out for us both. Usually when you eat it at a restaurant, the batter is crispy but since we had gotten it to go, the batter had a chance to become a bit soggy. whoops! fortunately, this is a testament to this dish, when I ate it, it was still delicious!Had a family style dinner here after a softball game. Woo, some much flavor and taste. We had a few dishes but I recommend the braised pork with the Baos/buns and the Salted Baked Squid. You won't be disappointed. The only comment from me would be the portion when you're doing family style. 
I was left fairly hungry although the group tried to figure how many dishes to get. It doesn't go well if your stomach resembles a black hole while there are some people who have mouse size stomachs and appetites. 
May the odds be ever in your favor. 
The service was pretty friendly and active. We had a party of six or so and they kept coming back and forth whether we needed more water or more rice. The overall atmosphere of the restaurant is more of a causal Chinese restaurant. It can be tight with space if you're at the table near the door or the certain. 
Overall, don't mind if I come here but won't be my first choice.Great food! Used to come here all the time when I lived in Philly. Now we stop by when we visit from out of town. Usually get the salt baked squid and beef chow fun. They've been here for a while so I can only imagine the owners of this place are killing it.
I seriously wish they would fix up the place though, ESPECIALLY the bathroom. Perhaps they are too afraid to mess with success?I think that they have changed owners because somehow the food didn't taste the same and the portions are smaller.  The triple delight was okay, but the yellow chive frog legs were a bit bland.  I didn't see any of the old, familiar workers, but maybe, hopefully, it was just their day off.The food is alright, but the service was very bad in my experience. It is very hard to communicate with the waiters. They got our order wrong, and then took it out on us that they cooked an extra dish that we didn't order. They were in no way hospitable after that.Pan fried dumpling, I could stop there.
Been coming here for over twenty years and you need to get with the program to understand this place, it's not for everybody. They are not trying to impress with the decor but all of the skill are in the kitchen. The soups are excellent, pork and watercress my favorite. You can place special orders or go as far off the menu as you like and they will accommodate. Not many tables and very close together but come here for the taste and you won't be dissapointed. The shiao is old school and I like it that way.What does it mean when you walk into a Chinese restaurant in the middle of Chinatown and there are NO Asians among the patrons? Our party of five found the entrees to be consistently good but not great, except for the egg drop soup which was the best ever. The sauces are too thick, heavy, and sweet. The pupu platter came with no flame, and was mostly tough and cold.I haven't been here in a while because each time we've tried the last few times, it's been packed and we couldn't get a seat without waiting in the cold.  But I will say that is a sign of a good reputation, and based on the food quality we have had when we were lucky enough to get in, it is a well-deserved reputation.  I'd give it 5 stars if I could get a seat more often.Excellent food for vegetarians and meat-eaters. The portions are great as well. 
The shrimp curry and mapo tofu were EXCELLENT. 
The place is a bit small, and the tables etc. aren't the cleanest. Our table was super sticky, but when we told the server about it, they cleaned it up and it was fine after that. 
Their food is very very delicious and I think we will be back, for sure.I was born in Taiwan, so I have been to a lot of Chinese restaurants in my life.  (When my parents eat out, they either do Chinese food or American fast food...weird.)  Shiao Lan Kung is spectacular--probably one of my top 5 restaurants of all time.  Sure, the decor sucks.  You might have to wait a while for a table if you go during the weekend dinner rush.  But the food is worth it.  The menu descriptions can be a little vague, but even the most boring sounding menu items have turned out to be at least good, if not excellent.  The salt-baked squid is a must have.  The prices are a great value for the large portions, especially the hot pots.  I love this place.My husband and I have been ordering out and eating here late night for years! It's our favorite! We have tried other places but this is by far the best in Chinatown, Philadelphia! :)Its been a LONG time since I've been here and its just as good as I remember.  Salt Baked Squid, Beef Chow Fun, and Spinach with garlic sauce.  It was so delicious!This is a small and relatively plain restaurant with great service in Chinatown that needs to work on its food quality. My group ordered chicken and broccoli, shrimp fried rice, white rice, baked duck, and beef and vegetable dish that the kids loved but did not impress the adults. The shrimp fried rice and white rice were good. The beef and chicken were chewy, vegetables bland, and the duck cut up in a way that made it hard to eat, although it tasted okay.Everyone has a favorite Chinatown place--thanks to some friends, this is mine.  It has a good overall menu with some great favs (I'm a fan of the egg drop soup.)  A lot of people have mentioned salt baked squid/shrimp--also try the salt baked tofu.  My veg friend introduced me to it and I always get it, even if I am a meat eater.  Also good is the veg pan fried noodle.  Good and cheap!Tastiest Chinese food in Phiily. Delicious fried dumplings, hot & sour soup, salted seafood dishes and lots more. I've been coming here for years. Always worth a stop. And when not overwhelmingly busy the owners and servers are warm and friendly.The most amazing salt baked squid I've ever eaten and it keeps me coming back. I'm absolutely addicted. The service is great - everyone is so friendly and they definitely make you feel like you're at home. Definitely recommend!After reading all of the great reviews, I went with the salt baked combination. For anyone that hasn't had anything salt baked, it's all basically breaded and fried seafood. It was gross. The squid was so rubbery, after 2 minutes of chewing I gave up. It was as tough as a tire. The shrimp were okay but the scallops weren't good. Our service was spotty at best as well. Will not be returning.Have probably come close to 10 times in the last year now, and I don't know why I ever gave it less than 5 stars. Every meal has been solid, definitely my to-go place in Chinatown. The desire to try out new places in Chinatown has shrunk incredibly because I know I can always go to SLK.
Recommended: Salt baked squid (the best), Sizzling beef with black bean sauce, Mapo Tofu, Chicken and Eggplantwithout question my favorite chinese place in philadelphia. as everyone else mentioned the salt baked triple delight is phenomenal. I always end up getting the same exact thing everytime, pan fried dumplings, salt baked triple delight, sizziling beef with bone in, and razorneck clams. always a pleasure.Came here for the first time St. Patty's day weekend. After a long day and night of walking and partying, we were hungry for some good authentic Chinese food. Everything around us was closed, but luckily, this place was still open at 2am in the heart of Chinatown. A 20 minute walk from our hotel, but it was soooooo worth it! The fried rice was AHHH-MAZING and shrimp eggrolls were crispy and HOT!! The best decision as far as food choice for the day by far! The food was so good I had to go for a second time while I was in town this past Sunday and it did not disappoint!! The place is very small and crowded, so I wouldn't suggest dining in, but it is perfect for takeout. I will definitely be back!This is the real deal. Take your trendy places like Penang and leave them by the wayside. Food is meant to be delicious and real; not built around a facade.
This restaurant offers some of the best tasting Chinese food around. Not to mention it has many authentic dishes on the menu like shark fin soup.
Speaking of soup, this may be the best hot and sour in the city.
The dumplings are another great story.
I'm not sure about cleanliness...I see complaints here but I don't recall having ever felt like the place was at all dirty. Small Chinese restaurants aren't supposed to be the picture of sterility though.
All in all, this is my favorite Chinese restaurant in the whole of the city. Never disappointed. And the service is great too.My girlfriend and I came here on a Saturday night at  10:30 pm.  5 people were in there.  We were served tea which was nice.  My girlfriend was served her chicken eggplant with garlic sauce.  There was a small vile looking plastic in the dish.  I asked the waitress about it and she explained it was a pen cap.  It looked nothing like a pen cap.  We were lied to.  The waiter refused to comp our meal despite the insulting situation.  Avoid this place at all costs.A friend who lives in Philly introduced us to this place many years ago, and we fell in love with it. Whenever we are in Philly (we are from NYC), we always make an effort to come to this place. In our recent visit, we ordered the hot pot (chicken and black mushroom) and sautéed clams in black bean sauce. The hot pot was excellent as usual. The clams were so delicious. My younger daughter couldn't get enough of the sauce. She was putting it over the rice. We will be returning again the next time we are in this area.I stumbled upon Shiao Lan Kung while on the hunt for hot food on a late Friday night. There weren't too many options in this area, but the restaurant was packed so I decided to give it a go. 
I ordered the General Tsos tofu, and vegetarian hot & sour soup. 
PROS - Service was fast, and pleasant. I ordered both of my dishes to go and received them in no more than 7 minutes. The food was good, fresh, and flavors were strong and not too oily. 
CONS - although the flavors were strong, something tasted a bit off to me. The soup was overwhelmingly sour, and smelled too strongly of sesame oil. The "hot" element of the soup only really described the warmth - although there seemed to be a plethora of chili flakes at the bottom, the sour element overpowered any sort of spice that should've been there. The general tsos tofu was not bad, but wasn't good enough to leave me wanting more. 
All in all it's a decent place to get a late night meal in Chinatown, but I won't be making it a priority to go back anytime soon.This is the best Cantonese Cuisine Restaurant in Chinatown in Philly. They have a great variety of food, starting with a soup is always good!
Everything is good there, the sizzling tofu pot is the dish i order ALL THE TIME!been eating at shiao lan kung for years and it's always great.  not the most fancy place inside but the food is legit.  tried the Lucky Family tonight, another yummy dish.  see you next week SLK...Having recently moved into the Chinatown area temporarily, I was looking for a solid Chinese restaurant suggestion.  Rebecca S. came to the rescue and suggested this spot.  I went with my mom for a Friday night dinner.  I started with wonton soup.  It was okay, nothing special.  My mom loved her hot and sour soup.  We shared an order of steamed dumplings.  They were fantastic, especially after I added some chili oil.  For my main dish I went with veggie moo shu since I had two pork dishes.  They added tofu for me.  It was really good.  I used to order it from my local Chinese take-out place and this was a million times better.  I'll definitely be back.If you find yourself in Chinatown after a short or long night of drinking, do yourself a favor and get the house special congee.  Its probably the most underrated dish in this place, so don't be fooled by its simplicity.  What's so special about rice porridge you say?  Perfectly seasoned and hearty bits of seafood mixed in with tender grains of rice...  On the other hand, I may have been so far over the legal limit that I might be completely wrong as to how fantastic it tasted.  Either way, this place does great food in appropriate portions and at reasonable prices.
To the hostess/waitress of Shiao Lan Kung:  Thank you for taping my c-note back together while face down in my new favorite dish...mixed vegtable in hot bean sauce=SO good-basically a huge bowl of spicy soup with vegetables. 
hong kong wonton soup=tasty stuff
golden mushrooms with bean curd= the tofu was soft, fluffy, and fried and had a very thick sauce. like gew. i wasn't a fan, but my dining partner was.
NOTE: $8.00 minimum PER PERSON. most dishes are at least $8.00, but be prepared to have leftovers unless you go really hungry, stoned, or with lots of people who like to share. 
perfect place to go at 12:30 am on a sunday night. it was totally empty. fast service, hot food, friendly waitstaff.I wanted to try something very Chinese and something very American, so that I had an overall sense of the food. (For those of you who think I'm an authenticity whore, nothing is further from the truth. Authenticity is a big lie we like to tell ourselves. I loves me some good American Chinese schlock, or any other mongrel/fusion food for that matter, when it's done well.) So I had the steamed sea bass in hot bean sauce and beef with snow peas.
The fish was perfectly cooked, tender and flaky (the MP was $22). The sauce was watery (I would imagine you'd want to start with a very concentrated sauce since steaming will introduce a lot of water) though some might like it that way, since it mixes easily and not too heavily with rice. I did have a couple scales in my mouth, but I am not as horrified of this as Ming Tsai on Top Chef. In fact, I'm not disturbed at all by it.
The beef with snow peas was passable. The thick brown sauce looked like yesterday's gravy. Both the beef and snow peas were well cooked. However, the peas did not have the lovely snap crunch I love in snow peas. They had that right-cooking-time green but were a bit tough. They didn't seem previously frozen, but perhaps they were a bit old.
The rice was quite sad. There must be a category of chinese-restaurant rice that they don't sell at the supermarket because no one would buy it.
They obviously were using chinese-restaurant tea (those big 10 pound bags of dirty looking flaky leaves that are kinda oolong and kinda puerh). This reminds me of old man (as in my father, who will drink plain hot water, etc.) and smells a bit like wet leaves in autumn that are just starting to spore. Julia Child would call it dishwater. I'd suggest it is better for washing your hands (with lemon) after eating a good roasted crab. Cheap jasmine or oolong tea is preferable.Food tasted authentic. The workers there speak Cantonese & English and are very friendly. 
You must try the hot & sour soup!
[Edit 5/27/2012]
Came here again on a Sunday night.  The hot and sour soup was too sour and it was slightly greasy/oily.  Still tasted ok though, but not as delicious as when I went here the last time.
Also tried the fried dumplings.  I was expecting pan fried dumplings, but the whole dumpling was tossed into a fryer!  They looked like egg rolls on the outside and the pork/cabbage filling made it taste slightly like an egg roll... The dipping sauce was a good complement to the dumplings though.... Overall it was okay, but I was expecting something different.Ever since our neighborhood Chinese restaurant closed, we've been on the prowl for a new go-to restaurant. This weekend we tried out Shiao Lan Kung. How did we pick it, you ask? Well, because they're one of the few Chinese restaurants that actually have their menu online (http://philadelphia.menupages.com/restaurants/shiao-lan-kung/).
Here's everything we tried:
- Steamed dumplings ($5.50)
- Egg rolls ($1.40)
- Spicy shredded pork with red pepper ($8.00)
- Dragon And Phoenix Nest ($14.50)
- White rice (yes, you have to order it separately - $1.00)
I was really surprised by the dumplings and have to say that they're some of the best dumplings I've ever ordered at a Chinese restaurant. They were big, covered in scallions, and not at all like the wontons you get in soup. I've been to lots of places where their dumplings are just straight-up wontons from their soup, and it annoys me to no end. I really liked the ones we got here, and for $5.50 for EIGHT of them, you really can't go wrong.
The egg rolls were also really good. They were filled with tiny shrimps and pork, and by the time I was done with the dumplings and the egg rolls, I was full! I continued to eat, though, for the sake of this review.
The spicy shredded pork with red pepper was a big surprise for me. My husband was the one who ordered it, and I wasn't too excited because I thought it sounded plain, but it was mighty tasty. It ended up being my favorite part about the meal.
As for the dragon and phoenix nest, which is described as this: jumbo shrimp and white meat chicken sauteed with broccoli, asparagus and snow peas in a hot & spicy sauce blended with garlic and pepper................I was let down. Everything that was in the dish tasted like it was boiled and then covered in sauce. And the sauce, might I add, wasn't spicy at all - and that's the primary reason I got it.
The next day, though, I combined all of the leftover entrees, reheated them, added a little chili oil, and it was one of the most delicious things I've ever tasted.
I'd certainly go back to this place, but I think our search will still continue.I have to say, Shiao Lan Kung is the diamond in the rough in Chinatown. I've never even heard of this place before my friend jokingly suggested we go there after we left the club.
When we walked in, it was fairly empty for a Friday night. One of my friend's friend suggested we get the pan fried dumplings, and so we got three orders of those. We also got the salt and pepper squid and the sweet and sour pork bbq.
The salt and pepper squid was fantastic. Perfectly fried and the tiny slices of jalapeno added perfect flavor and was a great complement to the salt and pepper. The squid was not too rubbery and it was a decent portion for only $8.
The dumplings were amazing. They literally tasted like candy. Perfectly fried and crispy, yet when you bit into the dumpling, it melted into your mouth like perfection. I swore angels were singing hallelujah above my head as I ate dumpling after dumpling. The best thing is that the dumplings are only $5.50 for 8 dumplings, and the size of the dumplings are slightly bigger than half the size of a grown man's fist.
The main dish was the sweet and sour pork bbq. The pork came in bite sized pieces and was topped with a nice bbq glaze. It also had slices of pineapple on the side which added a nice sweet flavor to the pork, and the glaze wasn't too sour. The pork was cooked very nicely, and the amount of pork we got was pretty generous. 
Overall, I have to nominate Shiao Lan Kung as the best afterhours dining spot in Philadelphia. Best salt pepper squid, best fried dumplings, and the best boneless sweet and sour pork.I stayed at NYNY and came to eat here with my friend. We ordered Spicy Eggplant-brown rice, Wonton Soup, and Crap Cake app. The Wonton soup was so salty, we had to send it back for a new one. The Eggplant was okay as well as the crab cake. Anyhow, both I and my friend later got sick....diarrhea all night for no reason. I had ice tea while my friend had lemonade, no alcohol nor dessert.  So our experience here was not a good one. Just be careful with what you order here.We stop here when we are hungry and in our way home from philly. Holy crap the food is soooo good. Salt bake shrimp, roasted duck and steamed dumplings=a perfect meal for 2. MmmmmnFive star food two star atmosphere.
Here, you go to eat authentic cantonese food. You chow down and your gone. Absolutely no atmosphere and no reason to linger. The waitstaff are very friendly and a they're a bunch of characters...but the food is great. The  standouts were the lowly lo mein.
Super fresh noodles in a very clean sauté.
We loved the Szechuan shrimp although not really cantonese. The shrimps were crunchy delicious. The classic wor shu duck was 
a crispy masterpiece. The garlicky Snow pea greens were spot on. Loved  this place !!
So go to eat and run at this first rate cheap eats.