This place is awesome for real authentic tacos. None of that Chipotle bullshit! The staff is incredibly friendly and again, the food is amazing. My lady and I both had two different tacos, chips and guac, and some rice and beans. All were perfect! However, it is very small and does not accommodate much seating. While there is a small back patio, I don't imagine it being very useful in the winter time. I highly suggest it, but get the food to go!Eating tacos and bean soup. Great ambiance and killer food. Simple and to the point.I've been at Shifty's since the day they have opened and I can tell you that they are INCONSISTENT. I've had their tacos atleast 30 times and every time I order, the tacos vary depending on who is making them that particular day. It's rather frustrating. Sometimes they are stuffed to the brim and other times they are skimpy. 
The service is casual and laid back so don't expect anything fancy. The girl at the register I was placing an order to, was busy eating a messy taco with a mouth full of food. Type of place where everyone hires their hipster friends who have never worked a day in food service. 
I still keep coming back for more.LOVE the fish tacos! 
Chicken soup is yummy too!
ONLY reason they didn't get ALL 5 stars is because the chick was mixing tortilla chips with her bare hands, wiped her hand on her jeans, then rang me up on the register with the SAME hand! **gross**
Shifty's be cognoscente that that's probably a health violation.. At minimum it's gross. Get a box of gloves or another tool to mix. 
 Def try it tho!!We've lived in Brewerytown for 3 years, and were eagerly awaiting Shifty's opening. There are great Mexican/Latin restaurants in the Art Museum area, but I love being able to walk to dinner. And they deliver!
We've tried several tacos over 3 visits and everything is DELICIOUS. There's a range of spiciness and flavor intensity. You can choose flour or corn tortillas. The guacamole is also very tasty. Haven't tried breakfast yet, but it's only a matter of time.
Finally, the staff here is friendly and professional. You can eat at a large wooden table or outside in the back garden. You're also welcome to BYO beers.Just stopped by today out of curiosity and tried out the Texican, 3 beef tacos. Amazing! They were so soft and warm. The ingredients were fresh and now I am craving more!Today, I went in and ordered the Fish taco. It was not too busy but a wait for the fish to cook. I work only a few doors away. Mark offered to drop-off my food and banana pudding. It was a quick drop-off. lol. The fish taco was flavorful and light. Very refreshing. Three came in an order. The banana pudding took me by surprise... It had a small slice of chocolate cake at the bottom of the bowl. Topped with whipped cream and sprinkles of shredded chocolate chips. This made my taste buds so happy.
I'll be back for some more fish tacos and desserts. Can't wait to try the churros.I love the flavors and would have given five stars, but the ton of liquid end up at the bottom of my "to go" container (see my photo) is a bummer and it's an easy fix . Just take few more seconds to keep the watery liquids in your serving station instead of the bottom of the dish. The whole taco gets so soggy, and if you choose a corn tortilla (I made this mistake once), the whole thing just falls apart. Otherwise, I love this place and still keep coming back despite my complaint above. 
Keep up the good work guys!I hate to give a bad review for this place simply because I was happy to learn that a taco place had opened in the area. 
We ate here yesterday and the food was not impressive. I had the fish taco (which was okay) and the imposter (Seitan was spongey and tasteless), boyfriend had the texican & the slow roller. The chips were also stale and over salted.. Neither of us were satisfied. 
Takeout packaging is also horrible... They just stuck all three tacos together and rolled them like a burrito, resulting in one huge mess when it's time to unwrap them.
I'm willing to bet that maybe we just happened to come on a bad day, but I feel like service should always be consistent. 
Good thing the prices are cheap! ;)Bless Shifty's! 
All the food is good and all the staff are greatThis place is overpriced and the food is just average. For these prices you would expect better quality ingredients or larger portion sizes. Very quick delivery though.A drizzly, grey day found us following the recommendation of my friends PT and taking a trip to Brewerytown. Bare bones funky, hipsters in the chairs and the smell of roasted tomatoes on the grill and charred meats awaiting.  Had the Shifty and the La Lucana, meaty, flavorful, crisp and tender.  The chips and guacamole were fresh with the guacamole citrusy flavored with the taste of lime. The carbonated sodas were the perfect compliment to the spiced flavors of the tacos. Rachel and staff couldn't have been more friendly and service was swift.  Will make this trip again.I rode up for a birthday lunch yesterday curious what to expect. I had heard great things about this place prior to my visit.  
I ordered the La Lucha. It was very good, especially the mango sofrito...  In addition to that, your choice of three shells. I got the corn soft shell. For $14 I received 3 great tacos, a side of rice and beans, and a soda. All in all, a great value. It's a laid back atmosphere and I look forward to returning and trying other tacos and sides.The fish tacos were outstanding. Everything was fresh and flavorful! We had chips and salsa. The chips had a hint of lime! I'll be a regular here for sure!!!Great tacos, great addition to the neighborhood.  Quality tacos, nice atmosphere, friendly service makes this a great neighborhood spot or worth the trek over.  Feeling the logo as well.  I also have shiftys deliver tacos to me at home and at work.  High marks.well, ive been saying this for a while now but now im gonna memorialize it on yelp. the food at shiftys tastes great but there is no consistency. every time i go there and order things i have previously had they are served differently. and when i say differently im referring mainly to the  accoutrements. so different in fact that i started taking pictures of them just to make sure im not crazy. i like this place alot but this is the type of stuff that deters me from patronizing the establishment. i go back for a reason and that reason is because i want the dishes i like served the same way every time im there. so, im taking a star away from my previous review. hopefully they'll get it together.Reading the other reviews makes me wonder if I got food from the same place. 
We got our tacos to go which was apparently our first mistake. They were wrapped in aluminum foil and a complete disaster upon opening despite the fact that we live just blocks away. 
While the price of the tacos seems average, for two dollars I expected more than a small ramekin of guacamole. I was even more disappointed with the flavor of the guac, particularly because there was none.
The tacos were a mess both figuratively and literally. My girlfriend and I both had the Shifty. I thought it was a void of flavor. I expected it to be lively and complex, but it was neither. My girlfriend puts it even simpler than me, "They taste like cat food." 
My girlfriend's brother had the La Lucha and he was equally unimpressed. A harsher critic than us he suggested throwing up as an option.
These tacos are neither authentic nor traditional as lettuce is not a staple ingredient in Mexican tacos. 
I hope it was just a bad day or that we just ordered the wrong items, but this experience didn't leave a good taste in our mouths. It will probably be a long time before we give this place a chance again.The small portions for the amount you pay is a little off putting. The food was good and they give you a ton of extra chips. Service was lack luster while not telling me I get one lousy pico for this half bag of chips. Communication is key fellas. I also have no clue why this place wouldn't have a specialty burrito or at least make a burrito. Maybe every week, pick a day and serve burritos. I bet it would work. I'm not saying become a chipotle...I would never, but burritos are awesome. There is no place close to Brewerytown. I will try again possibly.absolutely fabulous tacos have come to brewerytown /fairmount   we tried four different types of tacos and shared them all !!!! service was prompt !! they were big and delicious we had beef brisket pulled pork and seitan tacos ,,,,,,they all have cute names which i can not remember ,,,the beef brisket was the best !!! i will definitely be back for more !!!!  the best part was the bill ,,,,great prices for such quality , who could ask for more !!We checked out one of their preview nights and can't wait for them to be fully open to the public. I tried the vegetarian sweet potato tacos which were great. I can't wait to try their other veggie options and the corn tortillas. Also offered the night we went were brisket and chicken. Clay really liked the brisket tacos a lot, so I am sure we will be going back for those as well. Great spot for quick and cheap tacos.Maybe I'm picky from growing up in Los Angeles, but I hold all "taco" places to a high standard. Philadelphians should get the same level of taste as an Angelino. 
I went here soon after it opened with my wife and I had called in an order to pick up cause I live around the corner. Most tacos at US restaurants are made with corn, so I didn't think twice about it - corn tacos are safe for the gluten-free among us. I went to pick up and asked what kind of tortillas were used for the tacos and the cashier said "flour," at which point I told her I'm gluten-free and couldn't eat the tacos that were made. She seemed very frustrated at that idea and had the cooks make new ones for free and told me I needed to specify next time what kind of tortillas to use. She never asked me what kind of tortillas I wanted, so maybe it's a moot point.
What I remember about my pork tacos and my wife's chicken tacos were the blandness and small portions. It just wasn't what I'd come to expect growing up. I can make more flavorful tacos on my own by using a better variety of spices as well as lemon/lime juice, Greek yogurt (substitute for sour cream), and sauteed veggies. I won't be going back, but I will say that Mole Poblano and Tamalex in South Philly have amazing Mexican/Honduran food for the same price.You know when someone who is really high puts their heart and soul into preparing your taco... if you don't, go to shifty's. While it may take a while to get your food and you may be asked to repeat your order a few times it is well worth the wait. Plus they just added a "dope" new deck in the back. Occasionally they run out of ingredients, otherwise this would be a 5 star.Shifty's Tacos opened recently in Brewerytown with a small menu of tacos and a few sides. Order at the counter and you can sit at the tables inside or outside at a sort of wooden bar you can stand at (and bring your pet). Tacos (3 per order) range from $5 to $8 dollars.
While we waited outside for our tacos, I drank an Arnold Palmer and snacked on some chips and salsa ($3). I can't recommend either. The tea/lemonade combo was really watery  and the chips didn't taste fresh.
Tacos come in trios, I liked that you can do a combo and sample more than one. I picked the tilapia, the fried chicken nugget, and the brisket.  I liked the brisket the least, it was dry- Shifty's would be better off using a fattier cut of beef here. The creamy, spicy sauce on the tilapia was nice, the tilapia itself was decent, but I have had better fish tacos. The chicken, however, was a great taco. The little nuggets were crispy and flavorful, and the cheese and pickled red onions on top worked well. It reminded me of tacos I have had in Texas.
So while the chicken taco was the only successful bite of the day for me, the service stood out in a good way. My gluten free friend failed to mention her digestive issues, and her trio was initially presented on flour tortillas. The staff was quick to replace the whole order on corn tortillas for her. (The original order was gifted to me to take home, but I had been drinking a good amount when I dug in to them and can't offer an accurate account of how they tasted.)This is a fantastic addition to the Brewerytown neighborhood since it needed something other than a chinese rest. or pizza place. Had the Shifty's, Fixy and Texican style tacos many times and for the price its a lot of food so I'm never disappointed. They have a real unique selection and the people in there are always super friendly and considerate. .If you went the first week or two after they opened and were frustrated by the wait or didn't like what you got- go back. They've figured out a lot of the problems that, I'm sure, inspired a few of the poor reviews. My first two visits would have inspired reviews that weren't great. My last two visits have been great. Great service and food. Order: The Shifty- pulled chicken, chorizo & maduros is an awesome combination of flavors. The Towner- may sound like its from the kids menu but the flavors are awesome and the nuggets are freshly made to order. Trust me. It's good. The Texican- were you going to buy the Ortega box at the grocery store? Stop in for the Texican. You don't have to dirty any dishes, it will save you a cpl dollars and it tastes better than the box.
Don't you hate when a place starts out great then the original team leaves or ppl stop caring and it ends up sucking a few months later? This is the opposite. They're getting better. Fairmounters! You have a reason to cross Poplar!It's OK.  Prices are fine.  Portion size is good.  Got a mix of 3 different tacos.  All three lacked flavor and were a bit runny (picked up to eat and a lot of watery runoff).
Also, another customer came in after looking at the printed menu at the door and ordered his tacos, which were apparently a dollar more than printed (changed on the menu board inside).  He raised this issue but counter person didn't seem to care, no explaination, just shrugged his shoulders.  Coming from the industry and retail, you explain, give the guy his dollar back and apologize for the confusion.  Then print up some new menus, or at the very least change the ones you have posted with a marker.Great little place to snag some delicious tacos! Definitely worth checking out if you are in the area. And if you take your receipt from Shifty's to Rita's you get a discount on your order as a bonus!I came to a soft-opening and got the Taco Trio and a beer. The seitan taco is a vegan version that is very tasty. The ground beef taco is my favorite. Very refreshing. The pulled beef taco is also very good. I do prefer hard shell tacos over soft. So be prepared for a wet and soggy soft taco. lol. They serve their food with a bag of chips and salsa or gaucamole. That was also very fresh. I like and will frequent this place one they are fully open.I absolutely love Shifty Taco although my exposure is a little limited (don't eat meat other than fish). My usual order is a 'make your own' fish taco with lettuce, salsa, sour cream and cheese along with a order of chips. I am always very pleased with my food. The fish is seasoned very well.  I don't like the fish taco with slaw, so those who also don't like the fish taco on the menu should try their own creation with fish (because as I said, the fish is really good!)  The tacos are appropriately priced and I've always received the best customer service.Shifty's gets 5 stars for their excellent customer service alone. Food aside, I'll get to that in a minute, the care and attention here is top notch.
 I come in with my girlfriend last night to try the place out. I've been meaning to come try it out since hearing the little tacqueria opened it's doors only to step up to the register and find out they have not received their POS system yet and aren't taking credit cards yet. No worries, the guy working the register says that our order will be on the house. WHAT?! At first I thought he was joking but no, he was dead serious. Luckily between the two of us we had enough cash but damn, I have never heard of a restaurant doing that before. 
Second, I go to order the seitan tacos to see what their house made version is all about. Apparently it's the cat's meow because they didn't have enough left to make a full order (3 tacos). So we go about ordering other tacos and at the end the guy says he'll throw in whatever seitan is left so we can at least try it. Being blown away with kindness would be understand here. It's more like a giant wind storm. 
Now on to the food. These tacos are up there as some of the best in the city. We tried the seitan, fish and pulled pork tacos. Like I mentioned earlier they come three to an order and three is about all you'll need. These aren't some small, tapas style tacos. These are big boys (or girls). Out of the three, I don't think I could pick a favorite. The seitan came cooked perfectly, crispy on the outside and still a little soft on the inside, and in a deliciously savory sauce. The fish came fried with cabbage and a nice slightly spicy mayo. The pulled pork was cooked so well that it basically melted in my mouth. And it came with a hint of brown sugar/cinnamon. They don't skimp on the goodies either. Eating three will make you full. Any more will push you over that line. Trust me, I went there. 
Shifty's taco, you've about to get a new regular!These are the nicest guys this side of the schuylkill river. Going to Shiftys when they first opened was a bit frustrating. They didn't have what I wanted and things didn't come out the way I woulda have liked. Well; me me me I I I was the wrong way to look at this. These guys are doing a justice to the world by dishing out these Tex Mex delights. I had the huevos eancheros with their brisket...the guy behind the counter even thought it appropriate to give me a side of guac, because why not? After biting into this I forgot there was bad in the world!So good! Perfect to just pop in and get a quick bite, food is really fresh, taco combinations are perfect. 
Try the La Lucha - the chicken is super flavorful. My b/f had the Swifty as a salad, you can make any of their tacos as a salad.thank you for a delicious dinner tonight! i decided on my way home from buying groceries that i no longer had the energy or enthusiasm to cook, so i sauntered in to pick up a rub (tee hee) and towner to-go with some chips and salsa. my friend lovvvvved the rub. the towner was a foodgasm in my mouth. totally hit the spot as usual!Delicious tacos perfect for hangovers.  In fact, they're probably good all the time.... but I've only had them after nights of overindulgence.  
The sauce on the seitan that they use is delicious!  Friendly service.  Great people watching on Girard Ave if you grab seats at the window bar.Everything I've been hoping for and more. Thank you, Mr Shifty!Oh Shifty's!  Ohhhh...you have all the right tools and ideas, but you need some polishing around the edges.  The taco selections range from hot & spicy to savory & sweet.  If you order-in and eat at one of the tables, you will probably enjoy the grilled tortillas and decent portion sizes.  Then, when you realize you ate three large, premium tacos for only $8, you will feel like you made the right choice.  
But wait, there is a dark side to this story. If you chose to order-out, the experience changes drastically.  Your warm, chewy tortilla becomes soggy and gross, the crisp lettuce is wet, warm, and turning brown, and that $8 taco trio looks more like the bottom of a trash can, behind a Mexican restaurant.  They hand you a plastic bag with a football shaped lump of aluminium foil.  When you arrive home and unwrap the beast, you find three unrecognizable tacos rolled into a burrito shape with lettuce everywhere and the tortillas beginning to break down from the heat and juices.  I've ordered out 3 times, and on the third time I ordered at the counter (as opposed to calling it in) and after i received the food, I walked to my car to check out the product (because i thought maybe I had let them sit for too long in the past).  Same result, the tacos were gross, all because the packaging is lazy and not tailored to the needs of a taco.
The reason i give it 4 stars is because the food is great and priced perfectly.  Not to mention the staff is pleasant and welcoming.  If they could learn how to better wrap the food, then this would a 5 star joint.  
Come on guys - thats all ya gotta do.  Keep up the good work!Shifty's has excellent customer service but the food is a little bland. I ordered the la Lucha taco and the chicken was not particularly well seasoned. I also was not expecting lettuce on my taco and I think it detracts from the overall flavor .
 I have heard really good things about the fish taco and will try them the next time I'm in the neighborhood .This has to be the best new addition to Fairmount in years. After we had rough take-out experience during their opening phase, Shifty's pulled it together beautifully with excellent food and wonderful service for a sit-down meal sampling several menu items. The owner, Zack, couldn't be more gracious and it is clear that this business is being done right by good people and serves superior food. It was delicious! Especially the Towner, chili and the Imposter! We're going back for chili and chicken soup soon. Kudos to you Shifty's!!Glad that the area has a new taco place, but authentic is not the word I would use.  Tacos were fine, fillings decent, however found tortillas (the backbone to any good taco) to be average at best.  Find it odd that you have to specifically request corn tortillas for your tacos, because flour tortillas simply isn't right for tacos.  Chips were stale, salsas were very good, and beans were flavorful, but not the rice.
If this place opened in any city that had a high degree of Mexican-food consciousness, it would probably struggle to survive.  But perhaps with time they'll get it right.  No matter, glad they are in the neighborhood serving an Anglo version of a Mexican classic.okay, decided to try this place out a few weeks ago while in the area and was pleasantly surprised. my friend and i had the "slow roller" (pulled pork) tacos and chips and salsa. we ate in and really had zero complaints. the ingredients were fresh and the salsa rocked. perfectly chilled and fresh. the first time i was there we had warm tortilla chips but on subsequent visits the chips were bagged and at room temperature. im thinking the day we got them warm maybe they had just made them, not sure. 
unlike the reviewers before me, my takeout orders came in a black styrofoam container and were neatly packaged. one of the owners, geoff, was on hand during my last visit and went out of his way to make sure we were happy. i'd recommend this place.Cool menu! Just called for a delivery (yaaaay! I don't want to leave my couch) and they sounded like cool, chill people. SO grateful to have more close to home, Go Brewerytown!
I got the Imposter as recommended by Shifty's and it was incredible! Mind-blowingly better that the description could have explained :)Favorite new place.
From tacos like juicy brisket, tender pulled pork, succulent chicken, chicken and chorizo, seitan (a vegetarian friend assures me this is delicious), to the super fresh, crunchy, lightly salted chips, to the pico and guac, I am in love with it all. The service is *always* excellent, very friendly and very efficient. 
Oh! Had the brisket chili from there too - amazing. Less enthusiastic about the chicken soup though.
As others have noted, there are three tacos per order, and the price will range from $5-8. An absolute steal. Have only poured myself a glass of water from there, so I cannot attest  to the quality or deliciousness of any homemade or pre-bottled beverages.
And they take credit cards! My only complaint is that I live so close!I walked down the block and stumbled upon this place...
The fish taco is soooooooooooooo yummy!
And it's not a play-play piece of fish either!
Only giving 4 stars because I think they should add some more seasoning to the guac... other than that.. it's THE BOMB!After getting realllllly excited about this place opening up, my partner and I finally managed to eat here (the first time was the weekend after their soft opening- not open yet- the second time was the following weekend when they ran out of food and had to close). I think the place is a super welcome addition to the neighborhood and it has great design. I love the painted glass on the outside, the mural inside, and the cornbread graffiti! Apparently it's the only one left in the city & I grew up hearing stories from my West Coast father, who lived in Philly in the 70s, seeing his graffiti tag all over. Anyways, I digress, but it was cool to see. Like some other reviewers have mentioned, I think this place has some growing pains. Example: we ordered celery water since it was on the menu, but in fact they haven't started making it yet and don't carry it. We settled on Horchata and it was okay- nothing super authentic, but I still liked it. On to the tacos- they were somewhere in between amateur and top chef, but the homemade tortillas were great. We got the pulled pork (yum!) and the chicken nuggets (novelty). We also got chips & guac, which were both good. I am a little confused because if you order "chips & guac" off the menu, it's $5, but if you order a side of chips, it's $1 and a side of guac, it's $2. I was about to complain about the price discrepancy, but the worker threw in a second bag of chips since he said ours felt light, which was super nice (& he was right- it was a little light!). We were hoping to sit inside, but it was packed, so we ended up standing and eating on the back patio, which was fine. I will definitely be back to try the pulled seitan and I hope they get both beer & a way to process credit cards soon!okay, back again to update my shifty's experience. two words .. I'M DONE. ive supported this business from the time they opened until now and it just gets worse. went in today for tacos and was served cold food. not to mention the 10-15 mins i had to wait for said cold food. they werent busy, there was just one other customer there so i dont understand how i could get cold tacos. fortunately, i planned on eating in my car which was parked right outside which allowed me to take the food back. they kindly gave me a new order and offered me some money back (which i declined) but i am just so done.
my once five star rating already dropped to a four but now i feel that a one star rating is more appropriate. how many chances do you give a business before you call it quits? i will no longer patronize this establishment.To start off, I'm not normally a fan of tacos. However after eating at Shifty's, I'm fully prepared to become a regular. I had three tacos, two with pulled pork and one with brisket and they totally blew me away. The design of the place is charming and the owner/chef is a super nice guy! You'd be doing yourself a disservice to not try this place.The Brewerytown section of Philly is quietly becoming a destination for lovers of good food and drink with some recent openings  - one of which is this fine Taco House.  These are among the best tacos I've ever eaten.  Each one is made to order and has a creative mixture of ingredients.  The three I like the best so far are the 1) La Lucha with pulled chicken and mango sofrito, 2) The Shifty with chicken, chorizo, and maduros, and 3) The Rub with braised brisket and chipotles.
You order at the counter and then find a seat at the large communal wooden table or at the window bar and someone will bring you your order when it is ready. In warmer weather they have seating outdoors as well.  There are also a couple of different hot sauces of varying heat which you can add to the food.
These tacos are tasty ... real tasty!I was ecstatic when Shifty's opened up in my neighborhood and now I'm there every week to 10 days. The tacos are delish & everyone who works here is fantastic. I've brought several friends and everyone leaves happy & full. I even recommended it to someone I follow on twitter who was looking for a casual BYOB and he loved it too. 
My fave is the Shifty but you really can't go wrong with anything on the menu. If you forgot to BYO... Stop in at Ryebrew less than a block away. They have a great selection of beer & cider. 
Great addition to Brewerytown.i have been all over this city and paid 100 + for mexican.. 
NOTHING in the city come close to how good this place is. NOTHING so fresh so authentic and so real!The first time I went to Shifty's, which was maybe a couple months after they opened, the seitan tacos were literally life-changing. I had never had seitan cooked so perfectly, in perfectly sized pieces, and it was doused liberally but not overwhelmingly in the amazing pomegranate mole sauce they cook it in. I wanted to marry them.
The second time, a couple months later, the seitan was still good but didn't nearly live up to my original experience. The chunks were bigger and not as amazing of a texture, and there was no extra sauce to be found. This time I also mixed and matched with a fish taco, and it was really good.
So, maybe inconsistent, but tasty, reasonably priced, and great service. I'll definitely give it another try.This place could be so great but they definitely need to work on a few things. Service was very brisk and curt despite us being one of two couples there. For a new place that just opened in the area, I expected more friendly service. We ordered take out and immediately after paying, the cashier waved the bag of chips and guac at us even though we had to wait 10 more minutes for the rest of our food. I thought that gesture was a little weird as he had specifically asked us for a name. As to the food, chicken soup and tortilla chips were way over salted and stale. The guacamole was surprisingly bland and not flavorful. The best part was that the meat was cooked well and was tender. I'll come back in a few months; maybe it's just growing pains.The slow roller is masterfully crafted, and the chicken soup is heartwarming. The staff has a wonderful attitude and the atmosphere is very welcoming. Check it out for sure. Great delivery as well.I was so excited to try Shifty's again since it had been a few months since my first visit. I absolutely love tacos (so maybe my expectations are high) but I left feeling like theirs were lacking... again. 
First off, we came in for lunch. When I walked up to the counter with my group, the guy that you give your order to was on the phone taking a to-go order. That's fine, but it took a really long time (like over 5 minutes). We were in a time crunch, which wasn't their fault, but still. We also had more than one vegetarian in our group, and after the first person ordered, they said they had no more pomegranate pulled seitan. Maybe they save some for the dinner crowd or something? I don't know, but that was a bummer. They also no longer had the celery water or horchata on their beverage menu. 
All of the tacos were good, but not amazing. The sweet potato definitely could have used more spice and the pulled pork was swimming in grease. Plus, the tomatillo cream sauce was 95% cream and 5% tomatillo (and looked like ranch dressing). 
I seriously want to love this place and feel like they could be everything I ever wanted in a taco shop, but they still have quite a bit of little things to fix.I really like this place. I love the fish tacos
And my son loves the ground beef! The service here is excellent! I've been to Shifty's twice and each time I got something on the house. This place is great. The portions are large and the staff are very accommodating. It's laid back, no loud music or rowdy customers. It's not authentic mexican but who cares. It's a solid tacoria and I'm so glad it's here. I live in the neighborhood and will gladly definitely go back again and again. Plus it's BYOB Woot Woot!DELICIOUS. We had the Fixey and the Imposter, and both were out of this world! The staff is super friendly and welcoming. AND to top it all off, it's a byob! Can't wait to go back! (Also, they are working on outdoor seating in the back which is standing only right now. Very excited for that!)We were wondering what to order for take out and thought to try this new local Tex Mex place. What a wonderful surprise! For very reasonably priced tacos, they were the best I've ever had (and I've had many). The fish tacos were just perfect and the portions were generous. The guacamole was so good, I couldn't stop eating it.
Overall, I highly highly recommend this place! We haven't dined in yet, but def. a great place for take out!The sad part of this review is that tacos are pretty tasty. This is the second time we have had terrible service at this establishment. They need some kind of manager with half a brain to start organizing things. We placed an online order for pick-up at 6:30 and could select the pick up time - we chose 6:55. 
We walk in a few minutes after 7. Wait in line for at least 5 minutes only to be told it will be  a few minutes. Okay, not a big deal. THIRTY minutes later - after everyone who placed their orders in front of us in the store (35 minutes after we placed our order) had received their food, they finally got around to serving us. 
The whole point of placing an order for pickup is getting your food in a timely manner and not standing around. 
Last time they didn't give us all of our food and we got home and discovered it, they were extremely rude. 
I do not recommend this place and I really hope the owners read this and put someone in charge who has any kind of business and restaurant sense to stop being so rude and get their operations in order. You are setting a pretty bad example of service in the up and coming neighbor.Shifty's is a small boutique Mexican joint. The menu offers some inspiration on traditional Mexican fair.  $8 will get you three tacos that fail to serve as a full meal.  Add ons for chips and salsa are available, but come in servings so small they're gone in an instant.  
Shiftys has almost no atmosphere to speak of; it's best as a quick stop or a take out joint.  Some audible frustration/argument between the front of house and kitchen made it pretty awkward for us as we waited for food.
Bottom Line:  Shifty's is a good idea, but needs some work.  In the mean time, I'd prefer a hole-in-the-wall for cheap prices, larger portions, and better food.Thanks to a Foobooz post I ended up at Shifty's on Saturday night for dinner. They were holding a preview pop-up party for their new store on Girard Ave. A $10 donation gets you three tacos and a can of beer.That sounded like a good deal and Brewerytown isn't too far from me so I figured let's give it a shot. 
They were currently serving three tacos- chicken, brisket and sweet potato- the donation allowed you to sample all three. They were prepared in a soft tortilla shell and stuffed decently. The inside table was full at the time so we took our tacos outside to the backyard. There was a high, long table in which you could stand and rest your plate however that was also occupied. The next best thing was a standard, tailgate type table. It was a little challenging trying to stand and eat the tacos. The basket they came in was a little small and trying to eat off a small table presented issues. Doing the best I could, the insides fell out of the tacos and the flavors blended together. All and all tasty, however I couldn't say specific details about each taco. 
The meat for the tacos were prepared outside on a smoker barrel grill. There seemed to be some sort of issue which caused the ouside to become a little smokey. That was our cue to leave.
Overall the tacos were enjoyable. I feel a little duped because some of the meat tacos are normally $6-$8 dollars for three. Instead of a Tecate as originally offered, we were given Miller Highlife. 
It's obvious this place has some growing pains. Luckily they do offer delivery for me to give it another shot because I'm not sure if its quite worth going to Brewerytown for.Delicious tacos! I loved the sweet potato rajas and scrambled egg and beans. You can mix and match 3 tacos for $8. Can't beat it.Feels like I'm in a cantina real authentic food to go along. They have catering, pick up and delivery.  Well worth it reasonable prices for great food.Great place if you are in the area. Nice , clean  set up with friendly employees. I had the slow roasted pork tacos and the portions were larger than other competitors. I hope they expand and head to other areas of Philadelphia soon.My first experience at Shifty's was a good one. I had three tacos: pulled pork, chicken and chorizo, and seared tilapia. The pulled pork was a little bit bland but the other two were delicious. 
I also had an order of chips and salsa. The pico de gallo was a little bland, but the chips were great. Very crunchy with slightly soft parts that let you know they were homemade. 
The woman behind the counter was very helpful and engaging. Overall I was very happy with my order (which held up to the stress of take out very well). I will definitely be back.Absolutely everything we have tried here is excellent! Staff are nice and I'm pretty stoked to have good Mexican food close by.I just got delivery and the guy gave me someone else's order.  I tried calling to let them know and no one is answering their phone!! Seriously?! This has happened twice to us.Stopped here on Saturday while I was on a bike ride called the tour de taco. 20 miles, 10 taco stops. This was stop 6. I took the strategy of one at each stop which was pretty ambitious. Here I wound up ordering the shifty taco, a combination of chicken, chorizo and maduros. 
Again I wish the taco had another tortilla layered with it, but the flavor was very good. It was spicy and sweet and not overly stuffed which is nice. It was a little too juicy for me though. I don't need juice flying out the other end and splashing everywhere as it falls out. Flavor was real good though.
I'm a taco purist, but this place very successfully does things not so authentically. Definitely worth a visit.Delish!  Fantastic, fresh, creative tacos in a low-key setting with friendly, neighborhood proprietors.  What more could you ask?!  I've tried several different menu items, including the chicken and chorizo, slow-roasted pork, and -- my favorite -- mahi mahi tacos.  Every item was excellent, served with colorful, flavorful slaws and fixings, and homemade sauces (be sure to try the chipotle--it's hot, smoky awesomeness!).  And get a side of chips and guac!  Also, sit at the big communal table.  It'll make you feel like part of the neighborhood.What. The Fuck. Happened?
In December and January, I'd be in here 2-4x/week. Easy. Would invite friends, and told everyone about it. Something began to change in February -smaller portions, inconsistent product (brisket would be really fine, then chunky, sometimes spicy and other times completely flavorless; perfectly cut and prepared seitan one day, inexplicably bad the next; large chunks of chorizo, small chunks of chorizo; fresh pico, old pico; chips were sometimes fresh, crispy, kissed with a hint of salt, and other times stale, greasy, under/overcooked; service would be hipster sometimes, good the next), etc. Come March, I think I ordered 2 or 3 times total because the food would vary from bad to worse. 
Took a break from Shifty's, thought maybe they just needed some time to settle into being a successful restaurant. Nope. It's gotten worse. My brisket was mushy, and barely warm. It sat on the steam table for an unknown amount of time; the chips are both stale and very hard, your teeth are jeopardized with every bite; and no goddamn Chalula's! WHO DO YOU THINK YOU ARE, SHIFTYS??
Thanks for the memories! Bye!Picked up Shifty's tacos to go. I wanted to try the Slow Roller but they were apparently sold out, so I settled for the Hem and Hawl. The taco itself was a little on the dry side - the fish was more than done and there wasn't enough sauce to compensate. The flour tortilla tasted like Mission Tortillas from the supermarket. $8 + tax for 3 tacos. Didn't really blow me away to want to try them again.Awesome place. Good enough service and delicious tacos! Tilapia was spot-on, with a tangy slaw and secret sauce. Pulled pork and the "rub" (pulled brisket) were also delicious. I gobbled it up. $8 for three tacos. $1 drinks (apple soda). They came on flour tortillas--might opt for corn next time.