Good Chinatown Flavor in South Philly. I usually get the Wonton Noodle Soup here that is comparable to Chinatown Restaurants. Clean Friendly Atmosphere. If you don't want to deal with the traffic downtown I suggest stopping by here.So I've done takeout from here twice. The first time I did the baked pork chop with rice, and was not excited. It was undoubtedly good, but not really what I was after. The crazy part is that I was eating leftovers for two days after - which was impressive. 
The second takeout order (last night) was excellent. It was water spinach, mango shrimp, and the seafood with vermicelli noodles and curry. The curry was very light, but the seafood was abundant and the mango shrimp was amazing. They also threw in a soup unsure of what it was (pork, corn, carrots) that was really tasty. Again - the leftovers from this order lastest for another two meals. 
I think I've found my go-to chinese takeout.I came here to eat dinner tonight and I was not impressed at all.  First off, the waiter was going through the menu with me telling me where I should order.  I didn't even get a chance to look at the menu nor did I ask him for help which I thought was odd.  I felt I was being forced to order from their dinner menu.  I politely thanked him and proceeded to order what I wanted to order.  My husband ordered the wanton noodles with duck.  The reason for the 3 stars is because the wantons were amazing.  The broth was so bland though which was a bummer.  I ordered the baked pork chop with fried rice.  It's kind of strange because it's pieces of pork chops with spaghetti sauce baked with cheese over rice.  Seriously I could have done without the spaghetti sauce.  A very odd mix.  I think they should have written that in their description.  The soft shell crab was definitely plentiful but it just tasted strange to me.  It seems like they mixed peanut butter in their batter.  It's really dark in color and did not taste right.  I hate leaving bad reviews so I may try them out once more to update my review in the future.Okay... I just love this place. I'm Chinese and is personally not a fan of Chinese food... but this place..   It's always so good no matter when we order, what we order or if were dining in or taking out. This is me and hubby's go to place and we pretty much always get the same thing- occasionally trying something different. We always get the fried pork intestines, pork intestines with pickled greens, salted fish fried rice (the bestttttt), snow pea leaves.. and then depending on our mood we order a bunch of other stuff. I got a whole lobster with ginger and scallion before it was ok but today I got the lobster with minced pork omg it was so good! I just wish they used uber eats or something so I could get it delivered when I dont feel like coming outOverall the meal was fulfilling. It was a bit on the salty side for my liking but the size of the portions and flavor makes up for it. My favorites are the clams w/black bean sauce and mi xao gion (crispy fried noodle w/sauce? idk the Chinese translation). 
Service was average.Great food. And inexpensive! I would say their menu is similar to Ting Wong and MKee in Chinatown. But, here at Shing Kee, parking is plenty and free :) This area of the city offers so many great Vietnamese restaurants, and I think Shing Kee is the place to go if you want something else other than Vietnamese food in the area. I would definitely come back.I am very disappointed . It is because they treated me unfairly. A couple weeks ago,  I went there for the first time. I liked the food, so I told my friend to try this restaurant. Tonight, I went there again and I saw that my friends were there (They were located in two different tables). When I came into the restaurant, they were almost done. While I was enjoying my food with my family, they had finished. Before they left, the waitress gave them one big box full of clementines for free (It was given as a New Year's gift.) Also, my other friends (at the other table) received a free big box of clementines. My table and one of the other tables had paid the bill, the only table that got the free stuff was the other table and I did not receive anything. I saw that they still had many boxes of clementines. 
I won't go back there to spend my money.Nice place to go for a good meal and friendly service. Menu is decent with plenty of options. And a plus "free parking"Awesome Chinese food , hidden gem in the shopping plaza, we loved the food ! Really fast, nice service too . Will be back soon!!Beef chow fun was very bland. My friend who is a curry fanatic wasn't able to finish her dish and it wasn't due to the portion size. The house special fried rice was interesting. The was fish balls and octopus in it and we were definitely not expecting that. All in all we most likely went be coming back here.Great food. It's very classic Hongkong style cooking. The flavor was just like what you can have in HongKong China. Very enjoyable.So I ordered pad thai. The waitress ask what kind of meat i want and i said chicken. Then she brought out curry chicken noodle. I said "this is not pad thai." She replied "this is a different pad thai. It's not the regular kind you think. This is how we make it here." She never mention anything when I order it. No where in the menu said it is curry. She know what i order and want. Instead of accepting their mistake she said that how we make it. really?? The service is bad! I also ordered shrimp hanuan and the veggies were rotten. I do not suggest this place. Be honest I give it zero star but I have to pick at least 1 star to post this review.Went there with a few friends this past weekend. The food was excellent and the service was phenomenal! The employees were extremely friendly and greeted us as soon as we walked in. I will definitely be going back to this hidden gem! Thanks again!Perfect! After driving 45 mins to Minados and being turned down because we got there a half hour before closing, we decided to drive back to philly to this place. Service was great! Food was excellent! I've eaten here a few times and all was a wonderful experience. I thought maybe they were almost closing also that they would rush us, but they didn't. There was only one other family that was dining so no great distractions. All of the waiters came to our service without being called which is a plus. I would totally dine here again and recommend to everyone. We had six dishes which came at a good pace. The price is pretty reasonable too! Beats driving into Chinatown and looking for parking space on a Friday night!I don't really review too much on Yelp, but when I do, it means a lot.  This place is great!  The food is amazing and the service is excellent.  I live in the Northeast and I usually don't go down to south philly but this place is definitely worth the drive.Great authentic Chinese food. Save yourself the hassle of looking for parking in Chinatown.This was one if my best experience in Chinese cuisine, it only took me one time to get hooked on this place, food is out of the world, I have been there more then six times and have tried many of the dishes they serve (lobster with ginger) is my favorite , soft shelled crabs to die for, and it helps that the size of the dish is very filing and the staff are always attentive and around when you need them, they have a lot of respect for the customer and make u feel right at home, it's one of the best in the city.Did not receive right order of food.  The waiter misunderstood us and took the wrong order. They did not offer to take back the incorrect order with proper order. At all. When a customer says you gave them the wrong order then you should say sorry and take the food back immediately.  The waiter said sorry and stood around pushing the plate towards us. My companion felt sorry for the guy and said we'll take what was brought out. They were understaffed. Water was not refilled. Pot of supposedly hot tea was tepid. No napkins provided until half the meal was done. My companion actually got up to find some.  No soy sauce at our table, had to ask for some.  At the time when we paid they offered to give us the right order. While the sentiment was nice, it was a little too late; who wants to wait around for whenever that will come out. Food may be delicious (I'm not sure,  didn't receive what I ordered) , but I will not return because of extremely poor service. Seriously, if owners of establishment ever read this I recommend you to properly train your servers and order takers.Came here on a week night with some gfs and it was pretty empty. The waiters greeted us and were attentive the whole time even when other customers came in later. We ordered one entree/dish for each food category (soup, poultry, seafood, vegeterian, etc.) and everything was pretty good...just as good as the restaurants in Chinatown. The menu has lots of various foods to choose from. We got free complimentary chicken soup too. Overall, the portions are generous, prices are reasonable, staff are friendly, and the place is clean. I can't find anything bad to say. As most of the other businesses in the plaza close earlier than this restaurant, you'll have free parking.The "Hainan Chicken" is awesome!!!!  
We scarfed it down...Would definitely recommend it so don't miss outWell I've been hearing great reviews from my friends and family about this restaurant, so I had to try it out for myself. I went there with my husband and two daughters, and the friendly staff greeted us as soon as we walked in. The smells from the kitchen had my mouth watering. They have a great selection of food, even fries for my two girlies... that's a plus in my book!. The food was amazing; they definitely didn't disappoint us. I would say this has to be one of my top go to places for Chinese food in all of South Philly. This restaurant is a must try. I will definitely go there again!I enjoy Chinese cuisine and I have tried a number of places, but I've got to say that this friendly and well established restaurant is by far the best I've had. I made a yelp account for the sole purpose of giving this spot a well deserved 5 stars. The General Tso's chicken is surreal and the Ginger lobster is amazing. Anyone who tries is instantly hooked. Do yourself a favor and give it a try.I come in sometimes before I get my haircut and when I do. The servers here are always welcoming and knows exactly what I want to order. In addition, the servers here are friendly! Thank you guys so much! Will come back. Generals Taos chicken taste FANTASTIC!We came for a late dinner and were very happy with the food and service. They gave us a complimentary soup to start with, which was a nice plus. My scallops with broccoli was very good with a savory garlic white sauce and HUGE scallops. There were plenty of them too. The frog with ginger and scallion hot pot came sizzling and was very flavorful with meaty pieces of frog. Service was great as well. A good option for Chinese in South Philly, for sure.Had the hot and sour soup - delish!!!
The triple seafood delight - excellent !
The hunan chicken - to die for
Excellent serviceOut of all of Philadelphia's Chinese restaurants, this is one of the top restaurant in my book. They are conveniently the only authentic Cantonese Chinese restaurant in South Philadelphia. 
I don't remember how many times we've eaten here. 
I always get their sizzling short ribs or their chicken egg plant hot bowl here.
Parking here is a lot easier then Chinatown!Located in one of the shopping plazas on Washington Ave, the long menu here reads as authentic and exciting, we are talking frog, duck, eel, and congee. Hot and sour soup, or H&S as an ex called it, can be a tragically corn starch induced bowl of glob. Or it can be the perfect thing on a cold day.  Shing Kee's had the right kick, was full of different types of mushrooms, and there was zero glop.  All you could really want from your hot and sour.I enjoy going to Shing Kee very much, mostly because it is so convenient. There is a huge parking lot in front of the restaurant, so unlike in Center City or Chinatown I don't have to worry about finding a parking. The service is great! Every time I have dined there, there were the same three servants, and they are sooo friendly. I love the chicken corn soup. All dishes I have ordered are very satisfying. I am always seated right away and food is served quickly. Price very reasonable. Good portion. And free desert, e.g. sweet bean soup.Came in on Sunday noon and ordered Indonesian Fried Rice, beef chow fun, and stir-fry mixed veggies with minced garlic. The food and waiter were awesome. As an Indonesian, i approve their Indo fried rice. Overall, it was a great experience and i will try again. Evidently, I didnt have any pics to back up my review, thats because we devoured the food as soon as they were placed on our table.Excellent, attentive service in a relaxed atmosphere. Pan fried dumplings were plentiful and a good app. The spring rolls were actually sooo good! Melt in your mouth good. 
General Tso's chicken is also one of the best we've had at a Chinese sit-down restaurant in Philly. Lots of chicken, and the sauce was seasoned perfectly.
We also ordered the Walnut Shrimp, which was alright. It needed more flavor, or more sauce. The walnuts weren't that crunchy, but we did enjoy the broccoli. 
It's cool though. 4 star rating is really just about the General Tso's. We would go back just for that.A wonderful find!! We had 5 dishes and each one was better than we expected, filled with different, complex flavors. Plus, no trouble finding parking just a few steps away.Delicious food and great customer service! The server was kind of rude but the host took over and was extremely friendly and nice. The bathroom there is in amazing shape, and the overall design of the restaurant is simple, and they have a great tv. Really clean, and really good food.Seemed like a slow night. But clearly, asking for a slightly different menu items causes all heck to break loose. I wanted curry chicken. I was talked into dry rice noodles with barely any egg. And a delicious scallion pancake! I mean I was eating the pancake like it was my last meal on earth. Considering just about everything else was inedible. 
Frankly the fellow who I paid was very informed and was completely aware the guy who took my order was trying to pull one on me. (That's why I have 2 receipts take a look) 
As many of you know, most places I'll give a second chance. For all I know the language barrier could have cause my meal to be a total havoc. My boyfriend has taken a shine to the pho place across the walkway. I'll be back hopefully with another review, a better one. Fingers crossed.They had me at "Mustard Greens Soup with Sliced Pork."  It was excellent.  Light, flavorful with ginger and slight bitter greens and tender, tender pork. Served family style so plenty for two (or three if there had been three of us.)
The hijan chicken (?sp) was steamed/poached mild chicken on the bone that came with a bright green ginger sauce (perhaps with cilantro?) that put it over the top.
Dining buddy ordered tofu (ma po, sorta) that had the perfect amount of heat, spice, sauce and small murky green unidentifiable vegetables that were salty slices of tasty surprise.  Not a vegetarian dish, btw.  There's ground pork.
Generous portions, great service and a menu full of "I have to try that" like the salt & pepper shrimp we saw go by, and the won ton soup.This place was awesome!  My buddy has been hooked for a while. Now he has me hooked. The service was great,  and the food even better. I would recommend it to anyone. Can't wait to visit this place again. Two thumbs up in my book.This place is so authentic and good! The seafood is very fresh. My family and I come here at least twice a week to eat. We sometimes have birthday parties here too. They are very accommodating and friendly. I prefer this over any Cantonese spot in Chinatown. Plus, there's a parking lot!! No need to drive around for hours to look for street parking or pay money for a lot.I came with two others for lunch. We decided to order individual entrees and share the appetizers. I ordered duck and wonton noodle soup. My friends ordered seafood pan fried noodle and chicken curry. We had steamed and pan fried dumplings as starters. The pan fried dumplings tasted better to me. It was nicely filled and flavorful. The steamed dumpling for some reason had less filling. My soup was pretty good, I didn't have to add any sauce but I did put in some siracha for some spice.  The wontons were not skimpy but the duck was looking mighty sad. Barely any meat. I looked over at my friend's entrees and they are generous with their portions. The server was really nice and came by a couple of times to ask if everything was ok. The bathroom was so dang on clean. That is huge in my book. I think I will be coming back here to try their other dishes. Free parking is always a plus.Never thought this place would become my go to for Chinese. It's definitely the most authentic Chinese you'd find in Philly.I was getting buying stuff at this plaza and my whole family was hungry. I looked across plaza and saw 2 restaurant next to each other. I then proceed to look at the 2 different menus and picked Shing Kee cause they have a larger vegetarian menu. 
Boy, am I glad I did! I was greeted with a real friendly staff. I ordered the pork chop and spaghetti for my 5 year old boy and ended up fighting with him for the last bite. All the other dishes were very good as well. In fact, so good I brought my whole family there for Christmas. We capped off Christmas happily and full!Great Chinese food. Chinatown quality without the parking issue. I love their Hong Kong style streak rice plate with black pepper sauce. Great for family dinner and takeout.Came back and had their roasted duck with wanton noodle soup.  Absolutely delicious.  Will be back.Had a good meal here twice and one time had completely inedible garbage. The sauce was extremely salty like they forgot to add water to something concentrated or whatever. The spring rolls looked over cooked and shriveled up somehow. They gave a cash refund with no problem.Thanks to the wonderful reviews here we tried this place and so happy we did. We tried the lamb hot pot and it was amazing. So flavorful and tender and very authentic. A couple days later my family drove out of their way to eat here again.Great food! We ordered beef chow fun, scallion pancake, Indonesian fried rice, curry fried rice with chicken, deep fried squid. Everything are delicious. 
We got these to go so we don't know yet if they're good or not: Pad Thai cooked with curry sauce, Peking pork rib, seafood curry.
We'll give you update soon.The place is clean and the service is nice. I came with my friends and we got our things quickly.  Great food and good service. Definitely will be back for more in the future!Had a wonderful experience dining here! Food was authentic, high quality, and very reasonably priced. Highly recommended!Good cantonese food.  Daughter loved it so much the first night, she asked to go back the next night.I came here with a friend on a weekday around 4pm and the restaurant was not busy at all. We were the only table dining so it was overall pretty quiet. We ordered the Singapore noodles, the salt and pepper pork chop with black bean sauce, and bitter melon with spare ribs. The Singapore noodles were pretty bland and even an addition of siracha did not help. The salt and pepper pork chop was good, but not worth the price you pay. They were pretty thin and it only came with 2 pork chops. As for the bitter melon dish, it was good and there was a lot of spare ribs. Overall, the food was average and I was not impressed.I have eaten here many times.  The food is great. I have never had anything that wasn't delicious.  The menu is vast.  They have anything you could imagine.  The staff is extremely friendly and remember you when you visit multiple times.  I highly recommend this restaurant.  Ever since I ate here, I refuse to have Chinese food at any other place.Chinatown taste in s. Philly.  Went here bc its close to my house. The menu is huge, and has alot of diff asian options, but we stuck w basic chinese.  Everything was pretty good as was the service. Helps theres a parking lot unlike chinatownMy first visit 2 years ago was meh... wonton noodle was bland bland bland...
I'm so glad I gave it a second chance.  They've truly stepped up their game: wonton noodle was so much more flavorful this time around.  The vegetables in the stirfry were cooked perfectly.  The salt and pepper wings were outstanding - my current favorite in the city, and so much closer than Chinatown!
I will be back again very very soon...Shing Kee is one of the few Chinese houses on Washington Avenue.  It serves of Hong Kong/ Cantonese style dishes that are fairly authentic, very tasty, and at good prices.  It came highly recommended by my friends who work in the area, and rightly so.
Service was above average in that promptness and smiles were part of the interaction with the servers.  My only nit was that there were two large HDTVs on the walls that were both tuned to the same channel that no one was watching, although the Eagles preseason game was available.  They just couldn't manage to change over to the game despite saying they would.  I just decided to finish quickly, and catch the game on the car radio.  
The dinner was good aside from that annoyance. Scallion Pancakes were two deep and as wide as a large dinner plate.  Not too greasy, and enough green onion flavor.  The Pork Cutlets were large, well fried and very tasty is a good Garlic Sauce.  There was some bone left, but it was easy to pick them up and work the meat off.  I appreciated that they were a large size and non-oily.  The ubiquitous Broccoli Florets were ho-hum. 
Shing Kee is a definite keeper, especially in light of the absence of many legit alternatives in the area.  It also is a good driving destination as they are in a shopping center with a decent parking lot.  While there, there are a couple of markets for grabbing your Asian ingredients for your adventures in Asian cooking.This spot is conveniently located at the Asian strip mall at 6th and Wash. That being said, yall mofos can't park. How about staying in the lines and not all crooked? Nope. That's asking for too much! 
As for the restaurant, it's small but cozy. Good for family night. We had 7 dishes with soup and each one was great. 
Non parking ass mofos!Wow! What an incredible experience! We shared a whole fish and seafood hot pot with veggies. All cooked to perfection! Definitely coming again.Holy moly. The service is great. The food is amazing. I can't wait to go back. 
Sesame chicken with broccoli: actual real pieces of chicken. I didn't feel like I was eating the usual "chicken paste" stuff at all, you can tell it's real and it's good. 
Beef chow fun with satay sauce: it's got delicious pieces of pineapple in it. Some of the pieces of beef were better than others, I'm totally fine with that but felt it was worth pointing out to yous.
Scallion pancakes: SO unique. Ugh. I wish I wasn't stuffed so I could eat more of these. 
Their chili oil is also really good and I put it on everything.
Thanks!hello cafe is back thank GOD this place is the fucking shit.This place is really great. We got three things (corn soup, beef chow fun, grilled steak and chicken) and everything was tasty and HUGE. Seriously, we got enough food for two meals at least. We'll definitely be regulars. 
I heard they don't do delivery though, which is a shame. Also keep in mind--$15 credit minimum. Everything is pretty cheap, so bring cash!I can't remember how many times I've been here, but I can say I have tried about 80% of their menu and I will keep coming back for their authentic Cantonese cuisine, either dine in or take out.
Shing Kee may not have the best location or ambiance, but it offers the best authentic Cantonese dishes in Philadelphia, which is comparable if not better than the top Cantonese restaurants in Chinatown.
Shing Kee has a relatively full menu for Cantonese cuisine, including various noodles, wontons, congees, stir-fried dishes, and fresh seafood. By "fresh", I mean seafood that is actually alive. You can see a selection of fish, crabs, oysters and other things that live in the glass water tanks in the restaurant, and they will prepare the specific seafood you choose at their market price by weight. This is how fresh seafood are delivered in traditional Cantonese and other high-end Chinese restaurants in China. The only limitation of the menu is that they don't have many dim sum dishes.
The service of Shing Kee is above average among Chinese restaurants in the city. Depending on the day, they offer complimentary appetizers or desserts to customers, such as daily soup, Cantonese dissert, or fruits. Shing Kee also has multiple TVs with sports games on, I don't really care about it but my boyfriend really likes it.
Shing Kee is outstanding in terms of authenticity and consistency, which is absolutely a hidden gem in south Philly.I ordered two dishes, both were bland. NO SEASONING. Not even soy sauce helped this bland food. Pepper steak had no gravy, just peppers and onions, meat and rice, and no taste whatsoever. The other order was pretty much the same. 
This was my first and last time ordering from this establishment.I ordered General Tso's chicken, fried rice and hot and sour soup from Shing Kee.  I was super excited to try it.  The chicken seemed high quality white meat, and the hot and sour soup looked legit.  A few bites in, I found 3 fruit flies in my soup.  I ended up throwing away the entire dinner after that.  I have 2 rather than 1 star because the food wasn't bad until I found the bugs.I dread driving to Chinatown due to parking.  Shing Kee is a great alternative to my problem.  I wanted lobster with ginger scallions sauce.  They will give you a discount if you order two lobsters.  You have to call head to place your order and always ask for pricing.  The menu may not reflect current prices.
You have to ware mask to enter to pickup your food.This food is amazing!!! I have actually never authentic Chinese food so I was nervous to try it at first but the menu was huge! They offer everything from Peking duck to soft shell crab! Both entrees were amazing.  The staff was great and very helpful when it came time to decide on what to order.  They even have shark fin soup!  Great authentic Chinese and I highly recommend it!I was pleasantly surprised by this place. This is based on first time trying this place and it was as a take out only. I ordered 3 dishes: seafood fried rice, half fried chicken and shrimp mayonnaise. I wanted a soup too but it seems that they were not making it. All three of the dishes were really good and it came in good portions. The total came out to be about $40 plus but less than $50. I would have to say it is a little up there for Chinese food but considering the portions and the taste, I didn't mind it. Definitely planning to order from here again, hopefully, their taste is consistent so I won't have to edit/update this review.Great service, which is unusual for Chinese restaurants.
Love the 豆苗. Ribs were too salty for me but my mom loved them.
Came back a second time and got the Buddha's delight. Didn't like that as much.
Didn't like that they served tea at night too -- I need to sleep!
Very good if you know what you want.No complaints about the actual dishes but if you get take-out, check your dishes because we got a cashew chicken instead of the cashew shrimp.  It was good but a bit unexpected when we got home (45 min later).Came here based on all of the reviews and I'm so glad I did! I usually go to Chinatown for a good noodle soup, but was definitely impressed here! The owner was so friendly and even laughed at how much hot oil I put in my soup (I like it spicy what can I say!). I ordered the wonton noodle soup and the wontons were as fresh as could be and can't even compare to your corner store Chinese takeout. I'm glad I came here and will definitely be returning again!Really great Cantonese food. I used to go to Shing Kee a lot in the past, but they were a bit inconsistent with the flavor and quality of food. However, recently that has changed. Really flavorful and delicious mapo tofu, Singapore rice noodles didn't have a strong curry flavor, but still really tasty. Beef chow fun was also flavorful, but not the best I've ever had. It was missing that strong onion flavor that I was expecting. Overall a great meal. Lots of meat in all of the dishes and good quantity of food.Came here on a late Friday night. We ordered a ton of food since we were starving and there was a bunch of different dishes we wanted to try! 
Some of the items we got the go was: half a roasted duck, beef chow fun, pork and mustard green soup, scallion pancakes, Hong Kong wonton soup, roast pork fried rice and sweet and sour chicken. 
After 15 mins we got our food and drove home to DE. Despite driving alittle over an hour our food was still pretty hot which is nice!
The good: 
Beef chow fun - lots of good stir fry noodles and few slices of beef. Overall delicious dish with lots of flavor
Duck - also delicious with a lot of meat but super fatty
Pork + mustard soup - lots of pork and good peppery flavor to the broth
Wonton soup - didn't taste the broth but shrimp wontons in the soup were delicious
The okay:
Roast pork fried rice was okay needed more seasoning
Scallion pancakes : needed to be fried more but decent once pan fried again
Sweet and sour chicken: just okay needed more flavor in the sauce 
The ugly:
So not sure if it's from there our international travels... (which we came back into Philly and got this food to go for quick dinner) or one of the items we tried here my husband and I both got some sort of stomach bug which has lasted for almost a week. Could be from the oily residue from all the food we had but it was super delicious (which is why it's a 3 star since we both got sick a day or two after eating this food). I haven't seen any reviews saying anything about getting sick but just a warning ! Maybe might try again but with less to see if it was the food/fluke.I'm impressed! We walked into the is place because we needed a quick meal before a haircut appointment. We got egg rolls, jellyfish, fried chicken and chow fan. The jellyfish was spicy with little pieces of meat in it. This was a different style than what I was used to and expecting but it was a pleasant surprise. I liked it a lot. The chow fun was also very good. The noodles were al dente and the flavor was good. The egg rolls were crispy, to me they were bland but my sister liked them a lot. The friend chicken had really good crust and the meat was very tender even though the meat on the inside didn't really have so much flavor. I would definitely come again, and stop by BAMBU close by for dessert!This spot is great if you want Chinatown food but not the Chinatown parking haha I was craving duck wonton noodle soup and they delivered! The wonton was great but the duck wasn't Chinatown quality. Haha. However, it was an overall great experience. The staff were friendly and they gave us orange slices after our meal like the old Chinese style! Nice.We recently visited Shing Kee after the eagles parade. We were seated immediately even with customers eating in which was the start of a great time considering the cold. The staff made us feel at home and the food came out in a timely matter! The food was by far the best best food I have in Philadelphia ever ! Amazing soup,fresh seafood, and amazing rice! The staff member even brought my 5 year old to the lobster tank to show him to them keeping him entertained! Very pleased with the first visit And am looking forward to going again! I highly recommend Shing Kee!One of the worst restaurant experience I have ever had. Ordered the chicken pad thai - plain and simple. Told the waitress that one of our friends could NOT eat pork or beef for religious reasons. The dish comes out with BOTH pork and beef. We ask if they can remake it - and they flat out refused and told us that we'd need to pay to have it remade. So we said forget it. Then when it came time to pay, we paid via credit card and the waiter swiped one of our friend's card FOUR (4) TIMES CONSECUTIVELY OVERCHARGING HIM. This place is a scam - watch out. They will screw you over. AVOID LIKE THE PLAGUE. Oh and the staff was beyond rude - learn to train your staff before you dare to open a restaurant. Won't be stepping foot in this terrible restaurant again.Ordered take-out from here and the food was just alright in my opinion, but that may also be because we requested no MSG. Will have to try one more time to give it a fair chance I suppose!The staff is friendly, masks are worn properly, and the tables are socially distanced. They offer dine-in and takeout. 
This used to be a hotpot place, so they either overhauled their menu or they're under new management. 
Portions are large and family-style (with the exception of noodle soups, which typically aren't).
The soft shell crab dish (~$18) was perfectly fried small delicate pieces of crab. They also included two bowls of white rice, which was unexpected-- I had to remember that we were in Philly (in NYC they'll charge you for rice).
We also ordered seafood egg noodle soup (pictured). This wasn't my order so my only opinion was that it was a fair-sized portion with a fair variety of add-ins. 
Not pictured was an order of chow fun (broad rice noodles, also called drunken noodle in other places). It was packaged with extra consideration-- the sauce was in a separate container from the noodles to prevent sogginess.
Also not pictured was their salted fried rice dish. On our way out, we overheard a family of 5 ordering 5 dishes for takeout.. With this tipoff, I felt that I had to do the same, and I ordered two to go-- this was a good decision, and now I can recommend this dish as well.The food is not too bad. And the restaurant itself feels like an old chinese restaurant. I got confuse when I saw spaghetti meatballs in the menu since it's a Chinese Restaurant and decided to try. Well it's not the best decision because nobody likes it in our table. Haha. Stick with Chinese FoodOrdered take out from here. The fried rice is mediocre and Definitely not a fan of any of their curry dishes. 
What IS amazing however are their fried chicken wings with pepper salt. Its an appetizer and its SOOOO GOOD.This is a solid place to grab Chinese food in South Philly.  I was pleasantly surprised at the quality of the food.   Service was quick and food came out extremely fast too.
We ordered:
- beef chow fun - great flavors and beef was tender
- pepper steak - boneless ribs with pepper and onions (they used orange peppers as opposed to green).  Sauce was spot on and beef was cooked perfectly.  Served on a hot sizzling dish
- shrimp curry - lots of spice to the curry.  Great flavors.  
- Chinese broccoli:  wok- fried quickly in oyster sauce.  This was a little too oily/salty - would get something else next time as a veggie.  
Pretty authentic dishes and my new go to place in South Philly for Chinese food!I was starving and wanted to ubereats some chinese style lobster. However I really wanted the lobster from here and they don't deliver so I had to compromise and uber over there to pick it up. It was still very worth it :)
I ordered the Hong Kong style lobster which was 1.25 lbs of lobster that I believe is deep fried in batter and then stir fried with ground meat and green onions. OMG it is amazing, super flavorful and because the lobster is straight out of the tank it is very fresh and moist. 
I also got the chicken and salted fish fried rice but it wasn't that great. They do give you a shit ton of fried rice with one order but it was kinda bland and lacked flavor. I would skip getting this.Love their food and services. My personal favorites are the salt baked fried chicken wings and baked pork chop spaghetti with cheese. I had been here for couple family styled dining also which is also good. High key recommended.Went there yesterday. It was one of the only places open late in the shopping plaza. Place was pretty legit and seemed like the local Asian community enjoyed the food at this establishment. We ordered hot pot and from the chef's menu. The hot pot was amazing. The short ribs were cut perfectly (still on the bone) and the egg plant wasn't mushy. Seemed like all ingredients were cooked individually to the perfect temperature. The lobster was also cut perfectly which is amazing cause I really hate opening lobsters to get out the meat. I didn't really like the Thai sauce cause I like lobster plain but understand it was ordered with sauce so you wouldn't really taste the lobster.