Tried this place few months ago, and have to say that the food was below my expectation. I ordered the Lamb plov and Chicken Kabob. The plov was a let down! It seemed dry and not freshly cooked. The lamb plov tasted very bland. The chicken kabobs were dry too! I wish they use more flavors to make their food more vibrant and tasty. Customer service and the atmosphere was very bland just like their food. The person who handed my food looked like he was planning to quit his job that day. No "hello", "thank you" or "have a good day". The name might say "shish-kabob palace," but it sure didn't feel like a visit to a palace of any kind. Hope they read this review, and take it in a positive way to up their standards.Don't waste your time and money here. The food is bland, the management is horrible, and the staff have no idea what they're doing.My daughter and I went here last night & had the most delightful time
The restaurant is small and charming
The waitress was wonderful & the food was filling and tasty
Prices are very reasonable and its a BYOB
I plan on going with my husband next weekService itself and ambiance are good while the food itself is tasteless and very fat. Authentic Uzbek dishes should look, smell and taste absolutely different way. 
I didn't find meat on their ribs, kebab smelled like the lamb died by natural reason, potato dishes and harcho soup had too much oil inside.There are not many restaurants featuring cuisine from Uzbekistan, but this is one.  It's sort of a mix between Russian and Middle Eastern food, with unusual (but good) beef stroganoff and outstanding kebabs of all kinds.  Add to that VERY reasonable prices, and you have a restaurant worth frequenting.This place has gone downhill fast.  Their ride dishes are good but the shush kabobs and service is lacking.  I ordered take out and they delivered it to the wrong place. I had to go and argue with the manager for them to even acknowledge that they made a mistake. They did resolve it eventually but not as fast as I had hoped.  Their food is just ok.  There are better options further up on bustleton.What a Find!
The soups are delicious--(especially the Kharcho--spicy veal). The kebabs are perfectly seasoned and juicy. The Greek salad is a standout. Kebab Palace is friendly and reasonably priced. Tonight there was a great belly dancer and a singer as well. This place has become a real favorite.Love the food and the atmosphere of the restaurant . Will definitely be coming back the food is worth the money can't beat the prices.We were looking for a place that serves Russian food. Thanks to google maps for bringing us to Shish-Kebab Palace. The staff was very friendly and helpful. The food was delicious. We ordered "Olivie" salad, the portion was big enough for two, so we shared. Then we got 2 soups (harcho) -  nice and hot! And of course a pilav! Very fast service, and the bill was only 25$. Highly recommend! Will definitely go back!!!a hidden gem and my new favorite restaurant!!
shish-kabob palace is an unassuming place from the outside, but be sure not to pass it by - the food is not to be missed! i've been looking to try russian cuisine, and this certainly did not disappoint. came here last weekend and had a wonderful experience. everything we had was SO fresh and the food is obviously prepared with care. russian food can be heavy, and though we ate a good amount, we didn't experience that bogged down feeling - the quality ol the ingredients really makes all the difference.
be sure to try the avocado salad - it's out of this world! very light, yummy and healthy. i also highly recommend the pierogies - try the cherry ones for dessert! prices are very reasonable AND it's a BYOB.
a truly authentic and lovely spot. i will be back for sure. 5 stars - excellent!!The good: The food is amazing!  Nice ambiance.
The bad: Service is slow, no calories/portion info.
The rest: The food here is great. Side note, I'm a big fan of Brazilian steakhouses and seasoned meat in general.  If you like seasoned meat from a taste standpoint this place is on par with any of the well known Brazilian Steakhouses in the city.  We went on a Friday.  We were seated immediately.  The service was a bit slow (took 10 minutes before we were asked what we want, 30 minutes until appetizers came out and 45 minutes from the time we placed the order until the meats came out).  The ambiance was nice, a guy was playing tunes off his Mac while playing the guitar live.  The music wasn't too loud or obnoxious.  My biggest gripe, the menu makes no mention of portion size/ounces/calories.  Maybe I'm spoiled by all of larger chains that provide this info?  The bread (Lepeshka) was delicious.  The Caesar Salad had pieces of seasoned Shish kabob chicken as well as tasty croutons.   Each Kabob was outstanding.  I had the skirt steak, lamb and salmon/sea bass combo.  My wife had the chicken and steak.  Everything was tender and juicy.  The price is reasonable and overall this was a great dining experience.Since the very first time I discovered and visited this establishment, I've been hooked. Their [uniformed] waiter/waitress service is "Russian Good" (don't expect lots of smiles and fawning... they get straight to the point).
Just about everything on the menu is tasty... the sweet potato french fries, beef or chicken samsas, veal liver, cow tongue, avocado salad... hell, even the rice pilaf is well-flavored (not necessarily "spicy" but well-seasoned). I don't ever remember having to add salt to my dishes.. and that's saying a lot, since I add salt and hot sauce to almost everything.
Most times when we go there, we can find a seat. It's a bit tougher on the weekends and "prime dinner hours" when the place is usually taken over by large groups of Russian families show up, kids in tow (from teens to tots). Clearly this is a family restaurant. Oh, and it's BYOB, so yeah... good times are being had on a daily basis at this place.
My only "problem" whenever I go there is to be careful not to over-indulge, because the portions are sizeable, the food is damn tasty, and the price is right. Now if they can get the wait staff to start smiling more, being nicer, and truly earning their tips, I'll update this review and make it a full 5 stars.
Honestly I dunno what these guys at Shish-Kabob are doing right, but other "authentic XYZ cuisine" restaurants in the area need to take note.This one is a winner for me. By far one of the best BYOs in the  far NE. If you want good Uzbek food at really really good prices this is your place. The meat is all seasoned well and cooked correctly. Even the chicken hearts (not my thing) but they were tender which is not a small feat given that the heart a tough muscle to begin with. I highly recommend the samsa. They are made to order and are flaky tasty pockets of lamb goodness. The green pilaf is the specialty of the region the owner is from so give it a try. With a sour tang it gives a nice compliment to the meats. The carrot salad is also very good, spicy and sweet you will want to order more and more. I also enjoy the pickles spread. The veggies are half sours and crispy. One the meat front, the lula kabob, lamb shish kabob, and the skirt steak are all winners. Also make sure to order some bread, leproshka, it is baked fresh and I would come here for it alone. You might want to order the fruit compote drink (think sangria but better). It is by the pitcher but it is really worth it because it is made with fresh fruit daily. I really have yet to order something here I did not like and would gladly drag a large group here. Some things to note - the menu is in both English and Russian, but the friendly staff will explain and help you out if you have questions. The food is served family style so be ready to share or fence off against other's forks with the meat skewers. Also pretty sure the desserts are bought in and are Bindi brand. But usually I am too stuffed to even look that menu over.Interesting decor was the high part of my visit to the restaurant.  I noticed a number of flies and gnats on the premises.  A 40 min wait time for the first appetizer that I tried to order and found a bone in the veal soup that I did order.  The schnitzel for my main course was amazingly dry.  I'm amazed that Phila Magazine recommended this restaurant in a recent edition.After seeing so many positive reviews I was anxious to try this place.  Went recently with my son for a late lunch.  I'm not sure what all the great reviews are about as my visit was very lackluster.  My son ordered two shrimp kabobs, at 5.99 each, and plov while I had chicken kabobs.  The shrimp kabobs had six small shrimp on each one and he ended up ordering two more.  The food was mediocre, lacked salt and had way too much dill on everything.  Someone in the kitchen really likes dill.  Our bill came to $58 and we left feeling like we could have had more to eat.  Service was OK, typical Russian haughtiness, but the food was definitely disappointing.Food was OK.  Service was terrible.  Made a mistake and still charged for it.  Also tried to charge me an extra fee when I wanted to pay with my AmEx which is against their merchant agreement.  Shady joint.Good food is undeniable, if you're looking for comfort food with an bukharian twist then Shish Kabab Palace is the spot. Plov is a must, have it with LAMB RIBS & VEAL LIVER kababs. BYO and enjoy !I have always had good food there. I am not an expert in the cuisine but love eating here. I always have good waitresses and they always verse me in what is good to try for a first time eater. Never any issues with this place.Food is good. I always order either chicken kebab or lula kebab. The avocado salad is also good. The fried Cornish hen is also very good. I like the bread and butter. It's always hot and fresh. The food is pretty authentic and true to it's name. 
 The service is either a hit or miss. Sometimes you get a rude waitress that belittles customers and has you waiting for a half hour before coming to your table, and  sometimes you get a good waitress/waiter. I would have rated it 4 stars if it wasn't for the rude waitresses we had the few times we went there.This is our second visit to this place.  First time was about a year ago and we thought that the food was fresh and tasty.  We were much less impressed on our second visit.   The chebureki were disgusting. Borsht watered-down, salty, and flavorless. Liver was raw and meat overcooked and over-salted.  Plov was ok, but the meat was way overcooked or just plain old. French fries with mushrooms and onions and bread were the only decent "dishes" that we tried.
I never expect customer service in a russian restaurant, but the waitress at this place could care less about our experience.  We are not coming back.I needed last minute, same day catering and this place came thru when no one else could. Everything is always good from the kabobs to all the side dishes and salads. The prices are reasonable too. Can't go wrong here.THIS IS MY FAVORITE RESTAURANT!!!!!!!!!!!! :) I love this place sooooo much I could just live off of their kabobs. The chicken kabobs are my favorite and have a distinct, almost smoky flavor. Their soup is delicious!! Bread and hummus is a yummy appetizer as well. The service is very nice and they always make exceptions for me, even when they're full and I don't have a reservation. I wish I could just live next door to this place and eat their kabobs till I pop!!My wife and I love this place - The food is delicious - I've been to several Kabob places downtown and in NYC and this one doesn't really  distinguish it self with taste, but rather service.  Every person that I've come across is great - very friendly and helpful. Unlike other similar restaurants - they make you feel welcome and explain everything in detail.   We love the Rice with Lamb - Lamb Kabob and salmon Kabob.  Kabobs could be a little more juicier  - but with the Rice, it meshes nicely!   The bread is not as good as the Uzbekistan restaurant in the area.  The dumplings are awesome! Make sure to order ahead on this one - takes 45 mins to make the Dumplings.
The Tiramisu is great -
Price is even better - My wife and I splurged and the bill was a lot less then i imagined!
Eating IN is recommended more then take out - Even though both tastes good- Eating in takes everything to the next level.
This is a great find in NE philly.  Very unique taste and even greater service.  $20 can get 2 people a great dinner/ lunch.
I hope it can last the test of time.
Bring Cash - their credit card machine seems to be down alot.
Plenty of parking, as it is in a shopping complex.
Highly recommended in going over and over...Found this joint while on route to a Georgian Restaurant that had been highly recommended.
We stopped and got a to go menu for future consideration.Little did we know the restaurant we were seeking would be closed for that one day and we would end up at Shish Kabob Palace.  
It's located on a strip plaza next to the Perkins pancake house on Grant Ave.We were seated next to the door of the almost empty restaurant.The menu looked a lot like Uzbekistan so I was excited since we have enjoyed many a fine meal at the latter.
We were going to order the Greek salad and the assorted Pickle Platter but luckily I asked our waitress if the picture of what I thought was the pickle platter was indeed that platter . She responded with no that is a picture ! Duh Ok does the pickle platter look similar ?  No it has cherry tomatoes ,cabbage,and a pickle. We passed on the non existent pickle platter and settled on 1 Greek salad to share for $5.19.  It was a little bigger than the size of a bread plate. It is a green salad with tomato, onion with feta grated over the top served without dressing.    It was ok once we doctored it up with the oil,vinegar salt and pepper on the table. We ordered 2 Samsa which is a ground meat turnover at a very reasonably priced $2.50 each .It was served with a tomato based sauce  . Included in our Samsa were chunks of very unappetizing cartilage. Yuk ,grossed but hoping for the meal to turn around our bread and shish kabobs came out.
We ordered 2 lamb at $3.25 apiece which they bragged on their menu was best of Philadelphia! They did however spell LAMB as LAMP oh! oh! a sign of what was to come. We also ordered 2 skirt steak kabobs at $3.49 a piece.The meat was tough and chewy totally lacking any flavor and that charcoal taste I was expecting was missing. The bread was very dry and tasteless. At this point I had to bring on complain.They brought me more bread claiming it is homemade and was baked this morning. Same crap as the last batch.The bread just stinks.
I have had many a loaf of Lepesha and they should be ashamed to even call it that.  The crowning turd of our meal was the french fries and mushrooms at $6.99 that was the size of a McDonalds small ordered with a few sprinkles of mushroom slices. The oil must have been old and was not hot enough to fry a crispy fry.  Before us lay  a glop of greasy nasty tasting fries.
Never ever will we go back to this failure of a restaurant.I give it 6 mth before it fails.Groupon in hand, we arrived at Shish Kabob Palace right off of Bustleton and Grant on a weeknight. The crowd was split evenly between Russian and English speakers, which is somewhat reassuring in terms of authenticity and accessibility.
I'd gladly return here and pay full price for the food. We ordered way too much in order to fully cash out our Groupon, and everything we had was, for the most part, quite good. All the kabobs were well-cooked and seasoned, with a great amount of char from the grill. The chicken hearts (not too organy), lamb ribs, and standard chicken stood out. The fresh bread's name escapes me but the flavor/texture was memorable, as a browned, crispy crust gave way to a flavorful, airy crumb. The portion was ample for $2.50. The plov was mediocre, for the lamb was gelatinous and the rice seemed reheated. The fried potatoes had a good buttery flavor but were soggy and very greasy.
Service here was great, the waiters readily made suggestions and were attentive. Nothing was lost in translation and everyone was helpful. Prices were reasonable, $10-12 a person will get you nice and full. Can't go wrong here gorging on kabobs and bread.Would have got a 5 but the waitress didn't pack the homemade bread. absolutely amazing. Go.Love this place!!!  I have been there plenty of times and It never disappoints!! The food is so fresh and mouthwatering!!!  Clean, fresh, and the best service around!  You will not be disappointed!!!Awesome!!!! Here with my 15 year old son for a baseball tournament. Food was fantastic. The Plov and all of the kabobs were great!So I was born in Russia and I always begged my mom to take me to a Russian restaurant because I wanted to to see what the food was like and how it taste. When I first heard bout this place I begged my mom for months about coming here and we never got around to it. I was there for dinner tonight and let me tell you I was very Pleased with the food! The food was delicious and we had no complaints what so ever. The place is decorated nicely on the inside and the staff was helpful. I will be back in the Future :).Cuisine from Uzbekistan turns out to be very good, especially if you are familiar with the food and know what to order. The names of the dishes are (obviously) foreign, and it is sometimes difficult to order just based on the descriptions. But if you order right, the food is delicious.
A lot of the salads have pickled vegetables which I love, and good spices. I had lamb kebabs also which were excellent. The dishes that I didn't care for had a lot of anise in them, which isn't to my taste. 
The atmosphere is really fun and old world and the tea is served in beautiful china, which adds to the overall feeling of the restaurant. It is also extremely affordable - dinner for two including appetizers, soup/salad, entrees, a dessert, and tea was only about $35. Great place for a date!My sister was here with her husband, liked it so tonight the visiting family of 14 all went there for dinner.  
We were all underwhelmed.  And this was disappointing as our Russian son in law, was so eager to go and eat the things his Grandma made for him. Most of us never got served. Where we did, food came out totally cold, horribly greasy and inedible as was a complete salt lick.  On top they added an 18% tip even the service was non existant! 
We will not be back...none of us will be back.This was our first time there. It was our anniversary and we rook the kids. The place was very clean and nicely decorated. The food was amazing and the waiter very nice. It was a bit expensive relative to the portion size but that being said we did bring left overs. All in all a nice experience.Amazing! And it's BYOB with a wine shop in the same plaza. Ordered the pickled vegetables and kebobs: even tried the veal liver. You must try the homemade deserts, which I think were named Prague and napolitan...the server was so nice and helpful with ordering since we were unsure of what some of the menu items were.Unbelievable!  That one-word description perfectly defines my experience at this little gem of a restaurant located in the armpit of eastern Pennsylvania.  
This is my first gamble on Russian/Uzbek cuisine and needless to say I will be back for more!  The bread (simple as it may sound) was a wonderful treat that seems to be a blend or Italian and French bread.  
The potatoes with mushrooms/onions were out of this world!  They are thinly sliced wedges garnished with rosemary, onion, and mushroom slices.  Baked to perfect with the perfect amount of salt, they were some of the best I have ever had!
We tried the Plov was an extremely surprising treat as well.  The rice had a nearly Indian/basmati flavor with soft carrots, sweet-ish spices and chicken that literally falls off the bone.
I do not give away 5-star ratings freely and this place is well deserving!Wonderful food.  Reasonable prices.  Delicious coffee.  They said it was regular coffee but it tasted so much better.  I wonder how they made it.First time dining here.  I ordered  Olivie and so many other kabob. I wasn't a fan of Olivie but the kabob, I AM IN!!! :) 
Lamb Kabob
Veal Liver - MY FAVORITE!
Skirt Steak 
Chicken Hearts 
Sea Bass 
Fish Kabob Combo
For the price, you would think they come tiny, but the only thing that's "Tiny" are the chicken hearts because they are small to begin with...The seasoning of these kabobs are to close to perfection.  
DO NOT ORDER desserts unless you really really LOVE SWEETS :)Food was ok but service and portions/price were terrible. Waited 20min (In an empty restaurant mind you) just to get the bread we ordered (which they charge extra for), waitress was nowhere to be found, no water to fill our water glasses and our sodas were brought out in bottles, portions were so small that I thought they were from the kids menu. 
$50 at a casual restaurant should buy you a good meal with a lot of food, not a few apps and some bread. Won't be coming back.I've been on a middle eastern food hunt for quite sometime and after being disappointed by ZAHAV from restaurant week just days before I thought I would give it a try. I didn't have high expectations for this place since it's in grant plaza. The food can be on and off for all of the restaurants here. This was my first time here with a friend and we both loved it. Food was absolutely so fresh, we loved the bread, we loved how clean the place is ( friend even noticed how there were no dust in the vents) . Seating is spaced out good enough for the amount of space they have! I love that! They don't try to shove tables next to each other to get more people in unlike zahav! Biggest pet peeve! Service was great every dish was delicious! We over ordered to try every type of thing on the menu but I loved the leftovers! Will definitely come back again! I hope it lives up to my expectations next time!Friendly service, good food, nice owners. Pleasant and friendly environment, not overcrowded like some other similar places.Definitely a solid 4, even a 4.5. The trick is knowing what to order. Skip the tiny section of entrees at the bottom of the second page. Their plov, schnitzel and stroganoff are all fine, but there are much tastier things to order on this menu. 
Chicken and skirt steak kabobs are fantastic. Their bread (lepeshka), served hot, is delicious as well. Salmon and lamb kabobs were also good, but just don't compare to the chicken and steak. The avocado salad was great, as was the olivie (Russian potato salad). The borscht is also delicious. The manti were all right, though a little fatty and the lamb a bit gamey. In the words of my dining companion, "Tastes like a wild animal." But the cheburek (fried meat pie), filled with a thin layer of ground lamb and encased (empanada-style) in a light and puffy fried dough (kind of like bhatura or puri in Indian food), were super good. 
Service was super nice and friendly. Fun ethnic atmosphere if you go on a weekend evening. The giant party table next to us was totally Russian mafia. Awesome. If only this place were closer to the city.Removed one star for poor service. their kabob, rice are great. but horrible service. servers are very rude until you are Russian. then the mood totally changes. agree with Natalie, Dimitry. blonde waitress has some issue. We have been there many times just for the FOOD and shut one eye for the service and enjoy the KABOB. kabob is better than other places.Seriously? What's with these 1-star reviews? This place is a solid 3.5, maybe a 4. I was expecting the kebabs to be dry and terrible, as kebabs can often be. But the chicken and skirt steak kebabs (~$3-4 a skewer) were tender, juicy, and flavorful, even though they were cooked through. They rank among the best kebabs I've had. The Uzbeki bread, I think called non, was a delicious cross between naan/pita bread and French/Italian/Western type bread (it costs extra, but $1.25 for 4 nice-sized triangles was fair). The borscht, served hot with a side of sour cream, was also tasty. The plov, at $7 a generous dish, was flavorful and unique (this was my first time trying Uzbek cuisine) even though thick-grained rice isn't my favorite (I would've preferred basmati or jasmine, or something in that vein). The beef stroganoff (~$8) was not your typical stroganoff, but it was quite tasty as well. 
The decor is pretty nice and while the service wasn't super attentive, it was fine. They do have two large TVs that seemed to be perpetually playing eurotrash house music videos, so you can make of that what you will (terrible/awesome). Prices and portions were fair, and if you've never tried Uzbek food, it's definitely something new and unique.My son and I are trying many different international restaurants, and Shish Kabob Palace did not disappoint.  He started with the pelemini and thought it was really good.  The bread was warm and excellent!  We appreciated the olive oil on the table.  For entrees, he had the chicken kiev which he really enjoyed though I kept waiting for a big puddle of butter to come pouring out.  I think it was all absorbed by the crispy coating for the chicken.  I had the lamb kabobs which were quite tasty and also the fish combo kabob which was sea bass (a first for me) and salmon.  I enjoyed it all.
To wrap up the meal, my son had the peach sorbetto.  That was delicious!
Best of all was the service.  Natalie was a delight and was so helpful in guiding us through the menu.  
Thanks!  We'll be back.  I thought it was a great value for our dollar.Love this place. In-expensive and fairly healthy considering dinner options. The kabobs are great. I personally like the liver, but my husband always gets the salmon. The salads are great, especially the Greek salad. Id also recommend their home made bread. Love the fact that its BYOB!Ordered take out once from this shop. Food is really expensive for small portions and they don't include side items. Have to order everything separately which increases the bill.The restaurant looks good, the food is not bad, I really like the kabobs, but the service was bad enough to me and my family never come back, I have a 3 years old boy,  I asked for a juice and they do not have appropriate cups for kids, they brought a disposable opened cup with no cover, my son unfortunately drop the full cup on the table, the waitresses pretended they didn't see it, We had to finish our dinner on a soaked table, we gave up desert off course, not a good experience!!!What an amazing find ..... this will definitely be a regular stop for us .... Gotta try Avocado salad, khachapura (puffed pastry with cheese) , Sea Bass Kabob, Snd desserts as well .....I have drove past this place so many times and did not stop to observe. Went b/c of BYOB. Overall happy with our server bread was warm, i had the liver and veggie loved it, we also had the avocado salad and cheese filled pastry. All yummy. Happy and will returnChef Yukhananov brings in Central Asian cuisine at its finest. No need to go on a plane 15 hours to different country. The food, culture the environment is at your doorI drove down to Philly instead of meeting my friend in the middle, as we usually do.  She wanted me to try a Bukharan/Russian restaurant she raved about, so I made the hour trek, surprised that the potholes on U.S. 1 didn't derail me, since there weren't any!
The strip mall restaurant has an inviting appearance, stucco "bricks" halfway up the wall, interesting wall decor, and lighting that's neither too dark or too bright.  My friend toted along a bottle of Argentine wine for our imbibing pleasure.
Since it was soooo cold out, we both decided to warm up with bowls of Kharcho Soup, full of lean veal meat, rice, and veggies.  It's listed on the menu as spicy, but is only slightly.  The extra little kick was welcome.  We also ordered the bread, delicious when warm, but it has too much salt for my taste.
My friend Lily insisted we try a Samsa, a meat pie made with puff pastry, so we got one of those and also a Beachak, the same thing but with a pumpkin filling (no meat).  Loved the pumpkin, but not the meat filling so much.  The pastry part was done perfectly.
We also shared a beef stroganoff, and I was happy to find that it wasn't as heavy as the usual kind, with much less sour cream.  We could choose a side dish to go along with it, but since there weren't any noodles, we went with mashed potatoes.  To this we added an order of roasted vegetables, which turned out to be just some slices of eggplant.  It was tasty, but I would have liked an assortment rather than a single veg.
One thing we got to try is not on the menu, and most likely never will be.  A group of 10 men was at the table next to us.  In addition to the red wine they brought, they were pouring white liquid into glasses out of what looked like  2-liter soda bottles. Not shy, and very nosy, we asked them what they were drinking.  Yogurt soda!  They gave us tastes of it.  Smells like buttermilk, fizzy like soda.  Definitely an acquired taste, which we acquired pretty quickly!  
Thanks to the mostly great food, and also the  attentive service from our very young blonde waitress, we filled ourselves to the gills.  With tax and a 20% tip, it cost us a very reasonable $20 each.
Next time I meet my friend for dinner, I won't mind driving to Philly again.  And my friend?  She's going back tonight with her husband and daughter!Had dinner w/my 2 kids 8, and 9 and food was excellent. Service was also friendly even though restaurant was busy on a sat. night.
It's always hard to find a good place for my kids to eat, but they just LOVED the chicken kabobs, both w/and w/o the bone. You must order the bread here and it's unique and tasty.
We'll definitely be back. Had only 2 negatives. One, the TV station selected was a wee bit racy for my kids and secondly, the desserts, though excellent, were on the steep side. This place is a keeper.My husband and I recently discovered this wonderful restaurant. We loved the charm, warmth, and friendly service, and food that took me back to flavors my grandmother made. I love the Samsa. It's a meat pie with a flaky dough that is baked in a clay oven. It reminds me of the meat knishes from my childhood. The eggplant sate is wonderful as well as all of the 
Shish-kabob that we have tried. We've been back with friends that also enjoyed the experience as much as we have.Good food.  Wonderful service.  Veggies on kabobs need seasoning.  Need more dessert options.My boyfriend and I were craving some kabobs, and our usual place had recently closed, so we decided to give Shish-Kabob Palace a try despite some negative reviews. All I can say was it was a mistake! Overall, the flavor of the food wasn't bad, except for the rice which was cold and bland. What was really disappointing was the amount of food you get for the price. We spent $28 on our meal and finished still hungry. For $5.49 we received, literally, four tiny bite sized pieces of salmon. 
Save your money and eat somewhere else.This place is one of my favorite spots in NE Philly. This a BYOB which is always a plus in my book! I recommend getting the Lagman soup with the bread and order a few different kabobs and you will be all set. Great place for small or large parties..Just used a Groupon here over the weekend, and the food was fantastic.  My boyfriend and I had never had this type of cuisine before, and we were eager to try it - we were not disappointed!  Everything was great, especially the Uzbek Manti and the Hanum. Watch out for those two sides, though, they take 30min.  The server let us know about that, though, so it was not an issue at all.  The service and the food were equally good. My only complaint was the dessert.  We ordered a piece of tiramisu, and it was so stale that when I was cutting into it, I thought it was frozen!  That was really bad, but the rest of the experience was so good that it didn't matter.  Great food, great prices, and BYOB - what more could you want?!?!?!I had wanted to check out this joint for a while because I love kabobs and it is close to home. I came here with the family recently and had a decent experience. 
First, the place is a lot nicer inside than it is outside. It's pretty nicely decorated inside and from the outside I expected it be not decorated with cheap furniture and plastic forks. I was definitely surprised when I opened the door as I was under dressed.
The service was OK. Everything came out relatively quickly, although I waiter wasn't particularly friendly. He wasn't rude, but not friendly. 
The food was good. The menu is very lamb heavy. I don't really like lamb anymore, so I stayed away from it. I had a chicken kabob and the skirt steak kabob. The chicken kabob was juicy and almost smoky flavored. Delicious. The skirt steak seemed like it was left on the grill just a tad too long, but also very good. The "Greek" salad was tasty, but far from a true Greek salad. So you will be disappointed if you are expecting a traditional Greek salad with Greek (crumbling) feta cheese. They use a different kind of feta (I think Bulgarian) and shave it to the top of the salad to make it look like pencil shavings. Also had the Uzbek plov - I think it's called Bascht which was very interesting. It's rice mixed with herbs (cilantro), spices and bits of veal. I liked the flavor a lot, but the rice itself seemed to me like it wasn't cooked long enough. Kind of chewy.  
The best thing I had was the cheese filled pastry. It was like a boureka but it had a different name which escapes me. Should have ordered more of those. 
If I go back, I'm definitely ordering the cheese filled pastry and the chicken kabob.We went to this place and ordered their Kabobs and just the smell itself was nauseating for me, I did not even try it. Way too pricey and not at all what I had expected!Best food! Awesome service the best prices. What more would anyone want. The friendliest staff. I am defiantly a regular there....I love the vast selection of foods. Believe it or not the fish kebabs were extraordinarily good. The soup was excellent. I had the shurpa sop.  The desserts were good although I didn't have it my friend didI was told about this restaraunt from a few friends and decided to try it out for myself.  When I arrived I was greeted as soon as I entered the door and noticed that it was very busy.  Luckily there was a table open and I did not have to wait long.  The salad I ordered was very fresh and good.  The samsa's were great!  I will definitely order them again!  I also ordered borsch that was also yummy.  I loved the lamb kabobs!  Very flavorable!  I will definitely go there again and look forward to my next visit!I still regret I have been to this place! Most terrible food, over priced, unhappy waitresses. It's a curse for origin of food they're trying to give you. I ordered Salmon, my friend Shish-kebab. You can see that Salmon was frozen. "Tasted like a sponge". They brought only salmon in a plate. No sauce, no salad, no bread or water. I asked for bread, she said 5 $, sauce extra charge. (Salt &pepper was free) My friend's  Kebab came only 3 tiny pieces of meat with onion on it. Same, nothing else. I asked for tea. They gave a huge tea pot with only a piece of tea. Never got red nor tasted as tea (4$) after all this terrible treatments she took 25 percent tip without asking me. It's a shame this kind of people around. I felt like robbed. I really can't understand good reviews about this place..Besides for the fact that they only had two waiters on a really busy night; everything else was good. It's BYOB so we were able to enjoy our own wine with our meal, the food was really good & so were the prices. If they would have more waiters & faster service it would be the most perfect place to go to.Well, I'm happy to report my first foray into Russian cuisine was an overall success.  As the name would suggest, I was expecting loads of meat skewers, but thankfully Shish-Kabob Palace had much more to offer.  I took the advice of  fellow yelpers and skipped the entrees, going right for the side orders.  Gina M.  and I ordered up a bunch of side orders, the names of which escape me now.  But everything we tried was delicious.  My favorite had to be the pumpkin pastry thing, it was a very different but delicious flavor. Pierogies were good, but not as good as Polish ones I've had on my 'hood.  We tried the meat pie thing (sounds gross-tasted great) and liked that the best.  French fries were surprising awesome too...I didn't realize Russians perfected French fries, but alas they did.
I'm not a huge meat person, but I figured I'd try the Shish-kabobs, being in their palace and everything.  They were very delicious and perfectly cooked.  For an average price of $4 each, they can't be beat!
Oh, how could I forget the bread? One could make a meal of that alone, as I almost did myself. It's warm, crusty perfection.
The service for the most part was fine.  It did take a while to get drinks though.  The younger guy who works there is adorable...he moved my table away from the door so we wouldn't be cold, how sweet!
My only complaint, which the establishment can't be held accountable for but I'll mention it anyway, is that the clientele is pretty rude.  One lady across the restaurant stared at me the whole time with a terrible grimace, actually pointing at me with her fork and making some disparaging remarks to her pals.  Very unnerving. They actually blatantly took pictures of me on their cell phones as we left. I don't know what I did to offend them or who they thought I was, but it was damn weird.This is the worst place I have ever been! Terrible treatment, terrible service, angry, unhappy waitresses. They charged me %18 service fee for a terrible treatment they gave us. I asked a glass of water, she said I must order it. I asked for a tea, she put a piece of tea bag in a huge tea jar. it didn't even got red. They took $3 + tax for this "hot water" It's  a curse to Mediterranean and middle eastern food how they do it and serve. You can't serve shish kebab only meat in a plate and onion on it. They said I have to order and pay bread or sauce.... 
I've never felt out of place, ignored and received angry treatment. I don't understand all these good reviews and recommendations of others. We didn't deserve this terrible ignorance and aggression as a customer. They're over there to steal people's money.Absolutely love this place its a good vibe to eat in and just enjoy the great food here big five stars to Pita PalaceThe kebabs are really good. I never liked the Plov from here, taste like par-boiled rice is used. Bland atmosphere but again the kebabs are good!My family and I have enjoyed Shish Kabob Palace many times since discovering it a year ago.  So, when I needed to chose a restaurant in which to host my husband's 60th surprise birthday party, I immediately decided upon having it there.  It was a very good move.  Owner Daniel Yukhananov was wonderful to work with.  His party rooms are attractive and well suited for large private parties.  And then there is the food!   Everything is freshly made and outstanding!!  We had a bountiful array of dishes, starting with fresh and flavorful salads, smoked fishes, falafal, and their wonderful lepeshka - warm homemade bread.  We then moved on to hot appetizers including their amazing potato pierogi, and flaky pastries, some filled with cheese and others with pumpkin. The Plov, a traditional Uzbek rice dish is not to be missed. And of course, delicious kabobs.  Daniel's wait staff is accommodating and sweet as can be (especially Elena!) Everything was absolutely perfect!Perfect place to come for a quick bite. Chicken, veal and bass Shish- Kabobs are wonderful. They're layman soup is wonderfully seasoned. FRESH cut fries is a great addition as an appetizer to pair with their pickled sampler. Price point is great and very attentive service/waitstaff.I'm sorry, Shish-Kabob Palace.  You say you take walk-ins.  My wife and I arrived just before 8pm and quickly seated but away from everyone.  We were sat over by the bathrooms because we were walk-ins and this was all that was available in the crowded restaurant.  We were ok with that since we wanted to experience a new place.  Unfortunately, we were then ignored.  When no staff came to the table by 8:30pm, we left and had a nice meal at Suzani.  Maybe next time.First time here.
There really wasn't much customer service from the waitress. They didn't give us any water until after we ordered and when we asked what was good, she named a lot of stuff off the menu but didn't go into detail.
My sister ordered the breaded chicken with the roasted vegetables. The breaded chicken was not as crisp on the one side; it was a bit soggy. The roasted vegetables was some eggplants that did not taste good. We would pass on this. She also ordered an avocado salad which was good. I ordered a lot of different kabobs. I thought they tasted really good. I would definitely order again. I thought it was a little expensive since I could get similar kabobs in Chinatown for less for about the same taste.
I would come again for the kabobs if I don't want to make the 30 min drive to Chinatown.Pretty nasty and dirty place .
Using cheap processed food and dirty forks and dishes . As well as horrible service and even worse owner of the place .
Don't waist your time and go to place like Samarkand or Uzbekestan ! Way better places .Very nice restaurant! My husband and I came here all the way from Central  New York and we were very pleased. The atmosphere is very nice, the service was outstanding, and the food was top quality. We left feeling full and satisfied. Definitely recommend this place to anyone in the area.3.5 if I could.
The plov and the borscht were great!  The ambiance was good also.  The service was just OK as was the bombe dessert and the fried ravioli was not very good in our opinion.  
The plov and borscht would make a great take out meal for a chilly winter evening - comfort food and tasty too!  
I'd go back if it were closer or I was in the area, but unlike Zaika, I wouldn't drive 40 minutes for this.  If you're in the area, check it out, but stick to things that other yelpers raved about, such as the plov and enjoy!I never got to find out what the food is like. We went there with a Groupon on Valentine's Day,  but were turned away because they said that they don't honor Groupons on "holidays." Is Valentine's Day a holiday? (I thought it's a day manufactured by Hallmark.) So who knew? Holidays aren't mentioned  in the fine print. And the management was kind of surly about it. The place lacks atmosphere, but the menu looked interesting. But  I won't go back. I'd rather get a Groupon credit and go to a place that's more hospitable.Shish Kebab Palace is yet another fine Uzbek restaurant in Northeast Philadelphia.  This establishment has the added treat of also serving up some dishes from the ancient Bukharian Jewish tradition.  The food here is hearty and tasty and anyone from Central Asia would probably feel at home with the menu.  I love their choice of soups and can personally recommend the famous Lagman stew-like soup as well as the unusual Rasolnick (pickle) soup.  Appetizers are also varied and quite generous for the price.  I thought their Beachak - a samsa filled with pumpkin - was totally superb.  The Hanum take 45 minutes to prepare (hey it's great that they make them from scratch rather than reheating frozen pre-made hanum.)  They are also excellent.  The serving of hanum is so large it could def also work as an entrée.  The national dish of Uzbekistan - Plov - is a sure bet for the main course.  The lamb ribs were the only disappointment for me in the whole meal - just a little too fatty with not enough meat.  But overall, I was def impressed with this restaurant.  Philly is lucky to have so many fine Uzbek restaurants.
A tip - On weekend evenings Shish Kebab Palace is so popular, don't try to eat there without a reservation.Before i begin, i've never tasted their food, so i am only commenting on their delivery service and customer service.
I ordered food from them around 5pm on a saturday, and because i ordered manty they said it would take about an hour before my food was delivered. Which i understood. Gave them my address and my credit card. Btw, the lady that took my order was kind of rude. When i asked if they accepted card, she sighed heavily into the phone and gave attitude about it.
Anyway, about an hour and 10 min. later i receive a call from the driver asking for directions to my house. Not asking which house is mine after getting to my street, but literally asking how to get from their restaurant to my house. Seriously? Apparently they don't have a gps.  So i explain how to get here ( keep in my mind, i live off of red lion up by the acme).  I get a call about 15 min later asking for my address again, even though i gave it when i called up and when they first called.
Another 10 min. go by and still no food, so i call them up and they ask for my address AGAIN.  
All and all, they arrived 40 min late, at which point this 16 year old kid gets out of the car expecting me to pay for cold food.  I told them i'm not paying for this ($28 order fyi), and that they could either give me the food and keep a customer or take the food and i'd never do business with them again.  The owner got on the phone with the kid at which point he got back in the car with the food and drove off without a word.
I then promptly called up the restaurant and told them to refund the charge they put on my card or else i'd be disputing it with my bank.  I guess i'll see what happens.  Hate to be that guy, but seriously, learn how to run a fucking business.Great Greek salad and the kebabs were awesome . They had lamb ribs which are hard to find and were delicious  . Never had Uzbeki food before my first experience but was definitely great .I can honestly say I have passed this place for years without ever giving it a second thought. It doesn't look like much on the outside but I guess you shouldn't judge a book by its cover. 
My husband and I, along with my brother and SIL decided to try it for lunch. The inside is nice and cute and quaint. 
We ordered hot green tea, it came out in the prettiest blue & gold tea pot & cups. 
We decided to try a few things so we shared the hummus & falafel, warm bread, eggplant salad, and a meat & a cheese pastry. Everything was delicious. I was pleasantly surprised since I'm always leery of suggesting a new place to try, incase my brother hated it. 
We all ordered a kebab to try for our main dish, honestly we really didn't need it because there was plenty of food before they came out. I ordered a veggie kebab, I only had a few pieces because I did not realise it was just in a stick with no end or stopper, so most of mine landed on my lap & the floor  ( I am a true blonde ) everyone enjoyed theirs & the server was nice and offered to make me a new one but I was so full & I didn't want to waste the food. 
I know it's an American thing to be in a rush but this was a nice meal where you sat & relaxed & enjoyed the food and the company you were with. 
I will definitely be coming back & maybe fir dinner so I can bring some wine, since this is a BYOB!Food was perfectly fine but I was really displeased about the service. I've never felt so out of place and ignored. After all of the great reviews and recommendations, I expected to enjoy my experience a lot more. I could have handled slow service since I wasn't really in a rush to be anywhere but when the tables around you are getting way more attention without asking for it, and you still haven't been greeted since being seated after 15 minutes, there's a problem. 
I would come back for the experience of the food, but maybe I'll stick to take out.