This place is a gem and has been for many years. Added bonus they're open til 4am. If you're craving really good fried shrimp check this place out.Sid Booker's is much apart of Philly as Cheesesteaks and Soft Pretzels.  I just always remember them being there and the smell overtaking my senses as I approached the take-out window to place my order. 
The shrimp are always a consistent golden brown and the taste is delicious!  The only side available is fries - makes your choices simple!!Sid Bookers have the best shrimp in Philly hands down ! Search their business on Instagram and follow them.Good shrimp, quick service (which is a good thing because we order at the window, wait outside and it's cold)...I never get the sides. ..I'm all about the shrimp. .. but they do have Cole slaw/ french fries / macaroni  salad...my only complaint is the paying for cocktail sauce. .. That's just uncalled for...Tasty blast from the past, these were a major delight while growing up and going into the city so I was excited when visiting home a few weeks ago my mom said she wanted to swing past the food truck spot (new new!) on Ogontz Ave and introduce my husband to a Philly staple--her treat! #dontmindifido
One half-dozen butterflied shrip over chips sogged in hot sauce/ketchup for each of us-yum! They were probably as delicious as I remember but I haaaaadddd to deduct a star over how expensive they've gotten. They were never cheap but gotdang? 
It's cool though, I'll be back when I can afford them without my mom lolololOverrated and expensive for no reason. 6 smallish shrimp over stale potato chips for $10.50. I could understand the price if the shrimp were bigger. 
Shrimp were cooked well, tender and not greasy. 
Service was awful. Rude and dismissive. 
My boyfriend said we HAD to stop and get some shrimp, I HAD to try them. I wouldn't have minded not stopping.Expensive I've had better! Shrimps taste pretty basic I don't know why people line up to go thereWhat my last meal on Earth would consist of: shrimp, fries & coleslaw. Had my order in less than 5mins. They do get a little heavy handed with the ketchup but overall the food's pretty good. The 1/2 dozen shrimp come with chips but I had ordered the fries too so I passed on them. I think I would pick this place over the Clock Bar's shrimp. Wonder what the inside of this place looks like?The fried shrimp is the best Ive ever had in my life!...This is takeout only and you have to wait outside or in your car for the food.Its in a ghetto area but not too bad. It is pricey though so hit up the ATM before you go.....I drove past this place for years. I finally tried it. Excellent shrimp and probably the best french fry deal in the city (small fries for a dollar, and they are very good). The shrimp is cooked to perfection for fried shrimp. I can understand why this place is an institution.
The service is a bit lacking - sort of reminds you of the Seinfeld episode with the soup kitchen. Be sure to walk up to the window so they notice you are waiting.
The menu is limited but there is nothing wrong with that. They do what they do well.Oh I love Sid so much for this place! Grew up on this shrimp and although it may be pricey, this greasy fried shrimp is magically delicious. Living close by next to this gem is a miracle.The best shrimps in the city overpriced but worth it you pay for what u get point blank. .The best fried butterfly shrimp in philly. Great for late nite eats. Dont forget to ask for tartar or cocktail sauce.I got shrimp and fries and I swear my guts saw brighter days lmao. Steer clear.Shrimp had too much pepper, was dry, small and nasty. Never eat from here again. YuckGood for what it is. A little pricey but decent food, good shrimp, ok fries. Like I said it's good for what it is. Seasoned shrimp was good, idk if I went on a bad day but they didn't put no salt on my fries but asked for salt and pepper... sooooo. But yea good for what it isCame here  for some late night grub...3 am to be exact, ordered the shrimp basket. It was hot and just plain good. Even the police were there getting it in at 3am. We waited for about 15 for them to cook the shrimp basket to order. Nice plump shrimp with a slightly sweet batter.. served with potato chips, say what!!!! It was yummy. I'll be sure to stop by on my next visit to philly. Love a city that never sleepsThis spot only have good shrimp! The shrimp is good and you can get fries too that's all I eat from there. The staff is nice and the are friendly. The food is fresh and fast. It don't cost a lot but it's only cash. I will recommend this to get som food!! SHRIMP  ONLYExcellent fried shrimp! The store is located right off of the 76 expressway. They offer take out only, most people can not make it home without sneaking a taste. The shrimp are lightly breaded and delicious. Don't forget to order french fries as a compliment.Big and delicious butterfly shrimp. Rude service and no drinks. If they had drinks they'd get an extra star.As a student at La Salle it's hard not to pass by Booker's Shrimp and question what it's all about. As a freshman a fellow classmate of mine said that Booker's had the best fried shrimp in the city and that I had to try it! Now that I'm finishing up my years at La Salle I was ready to give it a go. A friend of mine dragged me out here on a rainy night and too be honest I wasn't too impressed with the outcome. For half a dozen shrimp it costs $9.75 and for a side of fries it's $1. The woman behind the counter was a little bit rude when we took the order but I tried to look past that. The fries clearly were ones that you find then the frozen food section at BJ's and they over drenched them in ketchup.The shrimp were nothing to brag about and they honestly just tasted like your average fried shrimp.Classic.  Favorite shrimp and fries in the area. If you know, you know.  Shrimp are plump and not over seasoned. Served atop potato chips. Classic crinkle cut fries seem to taste better from Sid Booker's.  The price is what it is.  Nobody ever said it was a bargain, but we love it.I've been meaning to give Sid a shot since it has been a name around here for a minute. Disappointed doesn't hardly describe what I'm feeling right now. I feel let down. Bamboozled. Horn-swaggled even. Well, I guess I shouldn't because in all fairness, he doesn't advertise GOOD shrimp, just the fact that they are ""golden brown". That Sir is no longer good enough. The upsetting fact that the sign says $10.50-tax included, and yet still paid the woman what she asked..$11.00 was only the half. The six very modest shrimp were split as to create the illusion that they're jumbo, and the most upsetting of everything was the shrimp were hard and the oil probably should have been changed a few batches ago. First and last visit for me. No offense but I can definitely get fresher, tastier, and cheaper seafood!Had some greasy tasteless shrimp & fries one night they were so bad I haven't had shrimp since (this was in Dec.)I have traveled throughout Philadelphia numerous times often using Broad Street.  Just north of Temple University on Broad I have passed Sid Booker's frequently always seeing the advertised Golden Brown Shrimp and the lines of customers at all times of day.
On a recent trip with my Mother to Center City on our return ride home we thought we should join the crowd of hungry happy customers.  The customers were great and welcoming as I explained it was our first visit.  The service was excellent, I found the prices reasonable and we had enough to share and had leftovers for my son.  The shrimp and fries were out of this world.
If you are in the area, see one of their trucks or are visiting Temple University I recommend you stop and enjoy the delicious food.
We will be back and thank you for the great experience.all that money they making & no one is deveining the shrimp/ pathetic*CASH ONLY* 
This is a huge FYI! I needed me some shrimp and this place is iconic so why not? here's the issue: I was about to go IN on the menu and I refused to go to a random ATM machine in that neighborhood. Do yourself a favor and bring cash. This is obviously the 'hometown' favorite. They keep it simple, the service is okay and the costs reflect the times. I am guessing the one of the many Mayor's of Philly got turnt up at his place back in the day and  that's why everybody hypes it up. It's still in business so it goes without saying. I'll go back but i'm not going out of my way for it.This place needs updating and revamping. Yes I have loved their shrimp for years and so has my family. However, it looks like they have some very lazy staff who take your initials to call you for your order, then they call you once (or not at all) behind thick glass and expect you to hear it. In addition to standing there for upwards of a half hour or more waiting for fried shrimp, when you finally get frustrated enough to ask about your order, the young lady says 'Well I been calling you!' I ordered $111 worth of food (5 dozen shrimp & 3 orders of fries for the family), gave them $120 and received $1.50 back in change. I was so peed after waiting so long, I took my change without counting it and my order. I will think twice before visiting them again.Love this place, open late as hell and perfect for after a night of drinking. This isn't ocean prime type food if that's what your looking for, it's in the hood, it's probably bad for your heart but it good as hell. I'm always in the mood for Sid bookers.These shrimp are the epitome of average. They aren't bad, they aren't good, just there. The paper weights of shrimp. The problem is they are priced as good shrimp.The best fried shrimp in Philly! It's their only menu item with the exception of a few sides (Mac salad, cole slaw, french fries). But with shrimp this good what else do you need‍Thee worst $19.50 I ever spent. These shrimp smell like straight up feet! I convinced myself to take a bite and boy im sorry I did!!! How is this place still in business??? Seriously they owe me a star for going here . Too bad I couldn't give zero or negative stars. PEOPLE DON'T EAT HERE. SAVE YOURSELF!Standing on a street corner in Philadelphia for 20 minutes while they complete my order.  Worth every second of the wait!  A hidden gem of perfectly golden fried shrimp, and wonderful crisp cole slaw.  Sid Booker is the self proclaimed, "Colonel of Shrimp"The title is well deserved! #rushieeatsGood basic shrimp, that is a bit over priced. Can't eat the chips because it is grease all over them. The grease comes from the shrimp because that's what they use to drain the grease from the fried shrimp.They are good love the chips and the sauce From the north sideNF you on the north star hour prefer you go there and get some seafood because they are goodI was craving fried shrimp and the pizza store wasn't going to work for me. I haven't had Sid Booker's Shrimp in four years because I wasn't too impressed. I decided to give them another shot and I'm glad I did. The prices are a bit expensive but they were pretty big so I was okay with it. I just wish it had a special seasoning in the batter or something but next time I'll just make sure to ask for salt & pepper on them. They were good though hot fresh & juicy. The fries were perfectly fried the right amount of salt pepper & ketchup too. The wait was no more than ten minutes. I'm not sure why they don't sell beverages though thats all that was missing from my meal. I'll definitely be back soon!I was told this was the best shrimp. It's an order and go type of place and there are no other choices but shrimp. So if you want chicken or fish go somewhere else. 
The shrimp was really good and it did t take long to get our order.  Sides are limited...Cole slaw, macaroni salad or French fries.  The French fries were a little oily, maybe fried twice. 
Great late hour spot after hanging out with friends.  No seating...only to-go orders. 
Apparently, the lounge part is the place to be.  A lot of history with "super" stars. 
The shrimp was very good and possible return visitI have been enjoying fried shrimp from Sid Booker's for years. The shrimp are always delicious. I love the consistency of the business. The shrimp are breaded just right, cooked to perfection and they taste amazing. Now let's talk about the negatives. The location is take out only. The menu is extremely limited. Fried shrimp, macaroni salad, cole slaw and french fries. You may be able to get chicken fingers but I didn't see it on the menu. The shrimp are expensive $21.00 for a dozen. The shrimp are small. The cole slaw was definitely not made in house and wasn't tasty. 
I love stopping here on my way home after a night out and I'm sure I'll continue to do so.people need to stop talking about what neighborhood their from jewish  neighborhoods are slums too if you like shrimp go to sid bookers if not keep walking byWARNING NOT FOR SNOBBY FOLKS...
I love taking my more sophisticated friends to this Street corner take out shrimp spot.
Rain, Snow, Sun, Hot or Cold... 
Give'em 3 minutes and ya money you'll have some of the best fried shrimp you can find. You just need to know how many you want 1/2 dozen, Dozen, 2 dozen etc. 
Then when you hear 
"What you want on'em" 
You need to know...
salt, pepper, ketchup, hot sauce, cocktail 
Then if you want Fries, coleslaw or macaroni salad.
And that's it... cus Sid's the King of SHRIMP... that's it.
When I want to eat'em fresh on the spot. I get my drinks on the way. Have my wet wipes and paper towels ready. 
Landmark type spotGreat fried shrimp. Nothing revolutionary...just excellent quality, huge prawns with great batter. High in price but worth it. Four stars instead of five because the two sides (mac salad and cole slaw) are not that great and they don't have drinks which makes this a very thirsty experience if you eat on the hood of your car, so make sure to bring drinks before you come here. You're safe here any time of day or night...it's Broad Street, not Iraq and if you're scared you're paranoid and/or a racist.I've heard that these shrimp are supposed to be the best in Philly so many times, I had to give them a try. These were THEE worst shrimp I've ever had in my life. If I could give them negative stars I would! I drove and my sister was actually the one who went to the window. I took one bite and it tasted like what one would think swamp water tastes like. It seems they've sold us expired shrimp. I told my sister to get our money back and she said they had a nerve to have a sign up say no money back.... They got me once.... Never again. Threw it up on the way home!!!!!!First and for most people need to STOP JUST STOP hyping shi* up the shrimp with us have always been my favorite was to damn HARD the macaroni salad was that Pre made bull shi* all those black people no body back there can make some macaroni salad I will never give them one red cent of mines EVER they say supposed black owned business well u eat those hard as* shrimps I make better shrimps then that's bullshi* y'all got my money this time but never again. Hard ass shrimps I'm one and done.Oh I for got to add I lived in my city my whole life and always passes up the long lines to get hard as* shrimps during CORONA ‍At a minimum, Sid Bookers Shrimp are from a low quality FROZEN product. 
Deep fried Shrimp traditionally take about 2 - 3 minutes to fry; you'll know they're done when they turn golden brown. Sid Bookers shrimp are grossly overcooked. - to the point that the shrimp are almost tough to chew. The shrimp itself is flavorless; small in size, and split in half to make it appear larger than its actual size. The breadcrumb coating is the only flavor that you get when you bite into the overcooked shrimp. To add insult to this injury the small shrimp of low frozen quality, are poorly prepared,  and are served on a bed of stale ruffle chips.
Wake up people!!! Search around for a better product - compare quality and prices even if it means you have to travel outside of your neighborhoods  and comfort zones.  
We have tried Sid Bookers on two separate occasions and received the same low quality, poorly prepared, overpriced inferior shrimp product each time.
If you want a quality product, properly cooked shrimp dish at a reasonable price, then you need to look someplace other than the Sid Bookers carry out venue.  
I'm sorry folks ... it is what it is ... Sid Bookers Shrimps venue Sucks!!!These are some of the best shrimp I have had in a while. They are seasoned to perfection and have a naturally sweet flavor to them. I love the texture of the shrimp.
This place is cash only, just a FYI. A little pricey but totally worth it! 
If you are in Philly and want some good shrimp late night Sid Bookers is the place to get it!When it comes to shrimp Sid Booker is second to none. I've been going there for 40 years. I moved from Philadelphia and moved to Delaware and it's well worth the trip. OkThe best shrimp in Philly. They never disappoint. I wish you could call ahead of time and order but it's all good.Omg I was craving for some French fries at Sid bookers. I didn't care about the shrimps but I order two half dozens of shrimp. For me and my mom and only two order of fries and one for my husband. I couldn't wait to eat the hot fries in the car.  So when I went to the window to order the young lady was very pleasant when I ordered my food. The young lady said 1 second stepped away from the window and went over the person that was cooking the fries and ask her something about the fries. She came back to the window and said ok 2 orders of fries and 2/ 1/2 dozens of fried shrimp.  Yes she asked me did I want anything on the fries or the shrimp and I said no nothing. It took 5 to 7 minutes that was fine. But I went back to order more fries for my mom because I forgot  to order my mom some fries.  So I ask can I order another order of fries she said that they had sold out the never sale out but it was ok I just gave my mom my fries. Went to my car to sit and wait for a food to be done. I'm saying this because when we got our food I sanitized my hand and ready to dig into my fries. I pulled off and the fries was cold they was like they was sitting there half the night under a light. I was so tired that I did not want to turn around  and get my money back and mind you the fries was just a dollar. But when you eat hot fries and you're hungry they taste delicious. My husband said we shouldn't went to McDonald's. I told him using McDonald's always  have a long line but surprisingly last night they did not have a line it was 2 cars in line.  I don't know what happened last night at Sid Bookers with the food  even the lady that was at the window and the person that was cooking the food was totally different. I don't know if JL Jupiter  let everyone know about Sid Booker's food. People must had went their to check them out and they was selling out of everything. I got home the shrimps was not the same they wasn't delicious they was ok.  I'm glad I didn't get the coal slaw because no telling what that was taste like. Usually that's my treat once a month. But last night it was not a treat for me I'm so surprise and this just happened to me the first time. But People don't have money to waste on bad food.  And I know I wasn't the only one that was short change last night especially the guy was behind me he had the last order of fries. He probably got a whole bunch of crumbs. I'm going back to night to get my dollar back oh no my $2.00. LolSoooooo overrated .... 
My girlfriend drove me clear across town for "the best fried shrimp ever" It's obvious I can't trust her "best ever" statements ever again. My disappointment was so great I told her she is going to have to give me my money back, she thinks I'm joking, I'm not.Sid Booker's Shrimp Corner is a Nicetown/Logan institution. I can remember my mom and aunt bringing their shrimp platters home since I was a little girl in the 70's! 
That eye popping pepto bismol pink structure is still holding court on Broad Street, taking orders at their famous window until last call. Those fat butterflied shrimps are still deep fried to golden crispy perfection. And they still taste the same after all these years. I don't know what the secret is but they have a flavor I have not experienced anywhere else.
There is nothing else to get here but shrimp and French fries because that is all they do. Your only concern is deciding how much shrimp you want and I won't lie to you the cost may hurt your feelings a little bit but they are worth it.The shrimp taste good and are not greasy. However, the macaroni salad was horrible and lacked any flavor. This place is very expensive for large shrimp. I was expecting bigger shrimp for the price. I believe I paid around $13 for 6 shrimp and the macaroni salad side. It's $10.50 for a half dozen shrimp, and $21 for a full dozen of shrimp.I have traveled throughout Philadelphia numerous times times often using Broad Street.  Just north of Temple University on Broad I have passed Sid Booker's numerous times seeing the advertised Golden Brown Shrimp and the lines of customers at all times of day.
On a recent trip with my Mother to Center City on our return ride home we thought we should join the crowd of hungry happy customers.  The customers were great and welcoming as I explained it was our first visit.  The service was great, I found the prices reasonable and we had enough to share and had left overs for my son.  The shrimp and fries were out of this world.
If you are in the area, see one of their trucks or are visiting Temple University I recommend you stop and enjoy the delicious food.
We will be back and thank you for the great experience.(I think I may be giving it 5 stars for sentimental reasons, but I've also got some legit claims)
So I grew up in a white Jewish neighborhood. Sometimes my father, who was African American, just had to flee the scene to get a taste of his childhood. This meant that we'd often make our way down Broad Street to Sid Booker's. If you can get past the bullet-proof screen and the little lazy-susan they use to take in cash and serve up fried goodies, I recommend you stop by once in your life.
Oh, this place may be in what you consider the "ghetto" but it ain't cheap (honestly, if it were cheap, I'd be concerned about the ingredients they were using) so hit the ATM first. I don't really love shrimp, but I do adore Sid Booker's fried version. Large, plump, tender, and with a crisp batter that will make your arteries weep. We'd take our foil wrapped bundles home and have a little feast as if we were in Richmond with the family and not in Elkins Park. The ladies there are always kind, but they do a brisk business at certain times of day so don't expect a whole lot of chit chat.
Note: This is take-out only and you're going to have to wait on the corner or in your car for a bit while they get your order ready. Contrary to El S.' review, I don't think you're likely to get taken down in a drive-by here as there are usually lots of folks. But like any denizen of a city, I wouldn't be hoppin' in the car for shrimp at 11pm if I wasn't a card-carrying member of that particular 'hood.I found out about this Black Owned Business I came to see Sid Bookers today Sunday October 17,2021 I got to the Sid Booker's at 12:30pm I sat in my car waiting it was four people in line now the sign online 1:00 pm but the ladies  that take the orders we're all late so the first order didn't get taken until 1:15pm the four that was in line had left there is line line 7 peoplebecause I was referred by JL Jupiter the service was not good customer service was trashed the person that took my order was very rude nasty  from Wilmington Delaware to go to see bookers but the overall the shrimp were delicious so I will come back again for the shrimp with the Customer Sevice I hope it gets better the next time that I come because you don't spend a little bit of money you spent a lot a of money establish  and you want to fill appreciate it and I seen JlJupiter here this week and everyone was so nice and sweet was it because he had a cameraI have driven past this place for years and I finally decided to try them out. I saw the previous reviews and they weren't so great so I went in with fairly low expectations. The counter staff was pleasant and it didn't take long for my food to be ready. The problem is the taste of the shrimp. It literally was the worst shrimp I ever had in my life. The taste was so odd I can't even describe it properly. I have made tastier shrimp at home. The quality of the food is just bad. The fries were crinkle cut fries, the shrimp is served on a bed of stale ruffle chips. I had to drown the shrimp in cocktail sauce to get them down. Save your money.This is good fried shrimp. It's expensive. And they reuse their oil as it tastes like chicken nuggets. The cocktail sauce is likely not from scratch.
Nevertheless, this is a tasty late night snack. I enjoyed it. The shrimp was plump and juicy (not massive though) and the breading was crispy.If you are in the mood for battered shrimp and greasy fries then this is the place!  Good drunk food and the people behind the counter are generally nice.  It is a little pricey for what it is...a dozen shrimp with fries costs close to $20.  I think that's a little high.
This place is located in a rough neighborhood and you have to wait outside on the corner for about 10 minutes.  If the greasy food doesn't kill you someone lurking  in the neighborhood just may.
Before going you should practice standing around and looking tough so no one messes with you.   I did a good job of this because no one really bothered me, which was awesome because I'm a big, fat, fairyboy.No...do not waste your money.  Sids sucks.  There is nothing special to his batter or his shrimp that warrants his asking price.  On top of that, coctail sauce cost extra.  WTF....really....Sid ya got the sl coupe, the gl truck, & the sl600 sedan...why ya charging ya customers for coctail sauce? My bad, ya got 3 2014 benz car notes to pay.
Sid Booker has been robbing his "late night" customers since his 1st truck pulled up to broad and erie.
Hey Sid, my board of directors wants to know how mustard can be sold as an add on to soft pretzels. (Ok they really want to know which benz the the extra charge for coctail sauce paid for?) 
No really call us, we want to pay you to stop selling bland shrimp.Always bangin! Hometown favorite! If you are from Philly and you've never had Sid Booker's shrimp, you are definitely missing out! Its the best fried shrimp in the city and their french fries are always so crispy and extra yummy!!! One of my fav spots that I can go to during the day as well as late night! Its a staple just like cheesesteaks:) Love em!I have been coming to Sid Bookers late night shrimp corner for years. The shrimp here are usually pretty consistent. I think they are good because they do one thing and keep it simple. Since I've been coming here I have seen the price per Dozen rise. They are now at $21 per Dozen. The size is sometimes varies. The ladies at the counter move really quick and they are always nice. I love the fact that they are made to order and are hot when you get them. Plus, they are open late! Really late!