This food is consistently good. Full of the kind of flavor that says "I take pride in my food". Even the Ginger Ice tea was great! He travels around the city, follow on Instragram. And if you can't get to him, UBER EATS! I highly recommend!Hello Fellow foodies!
If your looking or want to try some great jerk chicken & rice and beans- peas! & more. Go Visit the Jerk Chicken man. The Salmon slider just amazing, no sauce needed however had try his wonderful selection of sauces. My favorite are the Jerk sauce off course!! Duh! & the 50/50. Now for the mouth watering, moist and tenderJerk chicken. Let me say It met my taste buds craving for some good JERK Chicken with and without the amazing sauces. One happy customer!! Thanks for the experience. 
Side of the road Jerk Chicken- The Jerk Chicken ManI've been going to James for years and would highly recommend you try his product.  From the chicken to the sauces, it's pure home made delight.  He's truly an artisan and a gentlemen.  His stand is simple to find if you put your nose in the air and follow the smell of the seasoned treats he creates. You will know your close when you see the line and hear the beats coming from his sound system.  I can't say enough great things about his food short of I travel over 25 miles one way to get there.  It's always worth the time and the drive.Big bummer! Says it's open 9 pm - 1:30 am Saturday night! Nope! Lights out! Doors locked!What an experience!!! Hands down! The group working are a bunch of legends ... Best food this late in townJames, the owner of this establishment is all about creating the experience. Whether you are a newbie, or a member of the growing cultish following that look for him in the wee hours of the morning faithfully, he makes you feel at home and welcomes you into his jerk family. He is known for amazing sauces that range from sweet to spicy with everything in between. My favorite is the pear sauce. I know "side of the road" may sound a little sketchy, but it's legit. He is sought after for private events such as weddings, superball parties, NYE parties, office parties, and was even invited to welcome delegates from the DNC convention in Philly. The best, hands down...You just have to try it for yourself.When I want good food I go here.  The jerk chicken is  always great. Smokey, moist  and flavorful.  I can't say enough about the kale and Brussels sprouts they are to die for.   Thinking about it makes me happy.What can I say about Chicken Man?  What CAN'T I say about Chicken Man?  Ok, I know he has a name, and it's James.  But what matters here is chicken.  Deliciously, perfectly charred, fall off the bone, freshly cooked at 2am when you need it most, covered in your choice of about 80,000 insanely good homemade sauces ranging from sweet pear peach to hot habanero.  This guy James knows chicken, and that's why he IS Chicken Man.Love this chicken and the man who makes is is a cool dude.  Call him on his cell to find out where he's parked and head there fast!First off!! The 30+years of experience of dealing with chicken and and jerk sauces makes itself known. Secondarily what great people! I rarely give 5 star reviews but my Yelp community of friends...This location is worthy of it. To share what kind of people run this I have a little story. I got shitfaced at standard tap was walking home and went... What is that amazing smell in the atmosphere? Like toucan Sam I followed my nose and arrived upon here. I ordered my chicken and was happily eating when disaster struck, I dropped my whole tray of chicken! I pulled the 10 second rule card as I scurried and picked each amazing chicken breast from the ground... As I went to eat it I was stopped and given a fresh batch! This place will be Friday dinner/late night grub until I move. I highly encourage everyone passing by to get the chicken and try the pineapple and pear sauce because they both are A+mazing!!!!!This pop up shop is amazing!! Side of the Road Jerk chicken is a mobile pop up shop serving pretty amazing Jerk chicken, salmon sliders, beef briskets and sides. I have had there food at the Baltimore Ave $1 stroll and other pop up locations. The owner and chef has unique sauces such as Peach infused BBQ sauce there are over 14 sauces to choose from. Definitely worth to try this food out.Follow your nose -- or a hungry drinking buddy -- to James and his two smoky, wood-fired barbecues on the side of the road. 
Leg, thigh, fatty crackle of tail -- James knows birds won't be rushed, and he's not serving you yours until it's good and ready. On the table awaits a sticky platoon of fruit-based hot sauces varying in intensity and spice, and a blackened, battered slice of a tree showing the scars of ten thousand cleaver blows. 
Creamy flesh, charred skin and splashes of as many sauces as you can stand.  It's street meat heaven.Wow!  Best I've had since Steve's in Brooklyn.  Still not sure how to find him besides driving up and down 2nd street hoping for the small or asking people who look like the live in the neighborhood.  2nd street near Poplar.  Owner and the lady serving are super nice and friendly.  Chef Bernard stopped by to give them lemonade.  I bought 2.  That was good too.Great chicken, and really nice service.  Looks a little odd at first, but really glad I tried it.  I love spicy foods, but the sweet sauces are the way to go.This is hands down the best chicken I've ever had.
If you're ever walking down 2nd Street and see a guy selling chicken, do it.  You wouldn't expect it, but it's amazing.  The chicken falls right off the bone.  The sauces are delicious.  The guy selling it is interesting and engaging.Just moved into an apartment in the complex or (Arts District) and this place is a hidden gem! The food was excellent! The chicken was moist and had great flavor. The sauces are next level and the mango was my favorite! Definitely reorder in the near future!Was working in the area and decided to give this place a try. I made a great decision. I had the jerk boneless chicken breast. The meat was juicy and had enough jerk seasoning on it. I want to taste the meat and not just seasoning. Also had the Mac n cheese which was very good. They offered 2 sauces , I had the mango and the 50/50 both were very good. Looking forward to me next visitI'm a vegan and I go for the sauteed kale, brussel sprouts and coconut rice. 
YUM YUM YUM YUM YUM YUMYUM YUM!!!One of the best jerk chicken places I've found in Philly. Sauces are phenomenal, chicken is quality always tastes fresh. Mac and cheese is out of the world.
However, I wish they served cornbread instead of buns.Had the jerk salmon sliders and a side of cabbage, I wanted the Brussel Sprouts but they were out of those. The food was good, sauce was excellent. My only recommendation is that they definitely should offer platters, everything is a la carte, which means if you want a balanced meal; meaning, rice, veggies, and a protein you will spend about 20 bucks. In comparison I can get a full jerk chicken platter at my local take out jamaican restaurant and spend about 12 bucks. To the owner: Please consider offering full platters.I love you pop's but you need to hire me to fix a few things... beautiful kitchen great intentions but the love is way too smokey and the chicken skin is like leather hook a brutha up I could really help if you were willing to adjust a few tingsFood is absolutely delicious, staff is amazingly friendly. You feel like you're in on a special secret when you're there. The portions are very generous so even if it seems expensive, you're getting at least two meals out of it. Try the Mac n cheese!Let me start by saying I hate fish, always have...thought I always would.  That all changed when I went to the Side of the Road Jerk Chicken tent at East Falls Farm Market this afternoon.  We made it to the market much later than intended (around 1:15pm), and we were informed that all of the chicken was sold out and they only had their smoked jerk salmon left.  We drove down here from Bucks County so we decided to get some sides and give the salmon a try since we drove all of that way anyway.  I dug into the sides thinking that was the best I would get for the drive downtown, but then...just to satisfy my curiosity, I tried the salmon.  O...M...G!!!!!  That piece of smoked jerk salmon was unbelievably amazing! The spice rub was the perfect blend, the Smokey flavor was just enough to transform the "fishy ocean" flavor that makes me despise fish. There was a thin layer of fat or skin on the bottom that made the flavors explode in my mouth, and I had a very difficult time forcing myself to share with my husband.  So, what I thought was going to be a serious disappointment turned out to be an unbelievable surprise.  Well done folks, if your fish is that great, I can't wait to come back and try your brisket & chicken.Ordered grub hub Brussel sprouts & jerk chicken legs both are delicious. I will order again verynpleasedI walked in the snow for this chicken, he's a pro the food is delicious. The perfect jerk wings.Great food, excellent taste, good variety of flavors to pick from. Service was slow but the place was very busy so they get a pass for my first time there yesterday. Finally, food was well worth the wait!Didn't take pics of the food. Sunday was $1 wing day. Everything was fresh and delicious. Wanted do take pics of the food but they wouldn't wait lol. I recommend the pear, pineapple or mango BBQ sauce. I waited a really long time for my order next time I'll call it in. Parking is a little tricky but it does exist. I'll give 3 out of 5 only because my wait was over an hour but again the food was phenomenal.I'm a jerk chicken lover. I like it spicy and flavorful.  I had high hopes. While the chicken was good it arrived cold.  My daughter and I split the order of dark meat and while it was smoked perfectly, it lacked seasoning.  We had to add salt and pepper.  The jerk sauce was vinegar based.  I am used to the walkers woods herby kick you in the throat type sauces.  The dark thick sauce.  This was orange.  Literally. 
My daughter agreed it was not great.  We had the sprouts which were brown.  Literally all brown.  Just from sitting too long like old cabbage.  We did not eat them, but I could tell they would have been great if they were FRESH.  
Last the coconut rice was overpowered by allspice/pimento.  Did not care for it.  Would I go back probably not.  It was a good try.Pop quiz:
You've just arrived at the night market. What's your next move?
Do you: (a) Explore the market? (b) Find your favorite food truck/ vendor and wait patiently in line?
I know what I'd pick. Well, now I do.
Nando F and I waited in-line at the "Side of the Road" Jerk Chicken stand, at the Night Market for about 20-30 minutes. We got two 1/2 orders of authentic Jamaican jerk chicken quarters ($5 each). It did the trick with its delicious flavor. It's not the best I've ever had, but definitely so worth the wait. Let this be your first stop.
Four Yelps.I wanted to try it because I love the pictures on Instagram and the people stated that were good.  I went yesterday and got an order of the chicken wings.  I am literally sick to my stomach today because I just tried to eat them for lunch and they are too tough to pull apart as well as red in the inside.  UgggggggIf you are in the area, it's worth trying to find this man lol. He will usually post his location on his ig, that's very helpful. The jerk is really good. Very old school, on the grill, pimento chips, good spice. Chicken is good quality and fresh, he also offers other meats occasionally. I've never had the sides, they go pretty fast, but I imagine they are just as good as the jerk. I like my sauce on the side or none at all, but he offers a variety of jerk sauces infused with interesting combos. He also gives you the option of white or dark meat. I don't care about that but I know some folks who prefer one of the other. Nice portions, reasonable prices.This place would be great if it opens on time. The food is never ready nor are the staff. However, even when the food is ready they tell you there is someone before you. I'm like ok? but are they here ready to pay? No, ok then. You can be the only one waiting and they take all day to prepare something that is already made. When they say open at 12 noon it means 1 or 2 pm smh. 2 stars cause the food is good.So I saw this place on Tv and was really intrigued
So I decided to DoorDash knowing how it works I wasn't in a rush I just wanted to try the food 
So after 1hr I figured they were busy then I received a call saying they didn't have the rice I said that fine I'll get credited from door dash just bring me my stuff now if it's ready
The driver stayed on the phone with me to say it's new people in here and it seems like they don't know what they are doing she said they were looking for things when they were sitting right in front of them 
My mac n cheese was on the counter but the person bagging the food kept yelling for them to bring her Mac 
I got my order shortly after they realized my been ready  and I will say the chicken is amazing but I had no sauce with my chicken and that is supposed to come with and my Mac  poor little cup expensive sad Mac now I know why she was waiting for more Mac because this carton should not have been sold it looked like the Mac from week old thanksgiving leftovers constantly being reheated and overcooked. 
This was just my first order on my second order I only got 2 out of 7 things that I actually ordered  highly frustratingAte from here for the first time today and the food was okay.  The portions are definitely small for the prices. I got breast and leg quarters and each was $14. The side of Mac for $10 was one small container. I could see if it was $3 or $4, but $10. I got more of a bargain on the greens although they had a lot of stems in them.  The jerk chicken breast and legs had just the right amount of heat and the sauces were tasty and necessary since the chicken was a little dry. 
My most positive experience was the staff. 
Wish them the best as they work with the higher demand for takeout during these crazy times.Amazing food, amazing service felt at home 2 mins in the door. Jerk chicken is some of the best I've had tender juicy cooked to perfectionI would not give this business a dime. The girl with short blonde hair, not sure if she is the owner or not, is extremely nasty. We were in the area and decided to stop here to try for the first time. I could not get past her attitude. She was rude, condescending, sarcastic, from the time we came in. Kept walking around and cleaning and looking at us annoyed until we asked her could we order. I tried to be patient and show her what a pleasant disposition looked like, but nope. I just told her never mind because we couldn't get past her smug remarks like "this is not a Jamaican place at all" "I know you're joking right?" I wouldn't recommend this place to my worse enemy.Their food deserves all of the stars! 
Everything I've ever had on their menu is stellar, although the salmon slider is my personal favorite. The Mac & cheese and kale are excellent as well. You also can't go wrong with any of their sauces. 
Though I've had their food many times at 2nd & Laurel in No Libs, this was the first time I visited their permanent location in Sherman Mills. 
The food did take longer than expected, but the owner, James (super nice person btw), did come out to apologize. He also gave us some food and lemonade (on the house) to hold us over while we waited for our order to be finished, which was awesome because we were starving. 
I was super excited for the food once we did get it and it didn't disappoint. Everything was so so good! 
A few things to note: the location can be a bit tricky to find if you're not familiar with the area - it's on the left hand side not far after you enter the parking lot of Sherman Mills. Also, it's not a sit-in eatery (even if that were an option right now), but there are 2 tables out front.Chicken was decent; tender & juicy, but seasoning was minimal. Pineapple lemonade didn't taste much like pineapple. I gave it 1 star because of horrible customer service.Wings were very flavorful! Great sauces. Lemonade was spectacular! Definitely will be ordering from them again. I take my hat  off to whomever is on the grille !!Love the name because it suits this place in a good way! When I moved into the area the place was closed up and couldn't imagine what this place could be. This place deserves what they turn it into! It's a pull up cold treat/jerk treat spot. Pull up and order jerk tasty chicken,pork,shrimp and Salmon or order cold treat. They have a nice outdoor seating area. 
I've been here twice and had a good experience both time. First time I  had the Jerk leg quarter and Mac n'cheese it all was great. Second time which was today I had the Jerk  leg quarter and the Jerk Shrimp very tasty again only difference was the BBQ sauce  First time I had a some kind of mustered BBQ sauce  Second time was a regular sauce. That mustered BBQ sauce had me licking out the little containers it came in. 
The only thing I didn't like it that they don't have any   meal combo everything is bought separately!The Best Authentic Jamaican Jerk Chicken you'll ever find in Philly! 
James, the owner is always on a move, but will announce his whereabouts on various social media platforms (follow his Facebook or IG @sideoftheroadjerkchicken). I usually visit on the weekends when he sets up shop in Northern Liberties on the corner of 2nd & Laurel. 
The chicken is cooked in a smoker grill utilizing various types of wood. Whatever wood & marinade James is using, it's lip-smackin' good. The platter comes with a whole chicken leg chopped up in 4 pieces, a slice of potato bread, & as much complimentary homemade sauces as you want. James makes his own sauces, ranging from mild to extra spicy. Each platter costs $10 (used to be $7 a couple years back). It's definitely worth "the experience" like James' motto states. It's the juiciest, smokiest, & most flavorful jerk chicken you'll ever have. Trust me on this. 
James usually sets up shop at 11PM or later in Northern Liberties, even when he says he'll be there at 9 or 10PM. It takes him about an hour at least to set up when he arrives. I learned it the hard way. Showed at 9PM, didn't see him, came back at 11PM, & had to wait until midnight for the chicken to be ready to be served. It sucked, but the mouthwatering jerk chicken made up for it. 
Highly recommend it if you haven't tried it yet!Jerk chicken wings were delicious. Got it with peach BBQ sauce on the side and it really paired well together. Very welcoming feel with the smoker right out front of the restaurant. Will definitely give it another go when I'm back in the area!I looked for this food for months! Finally caught up with them and I was beyond pleased! The jerk chicken is as good as it looks and the sauces made it even better.. Be sure to try out the Brussels sprouts and jerk salmon! Oh the lemonade was everything right in life!Upset! Went to get my jerk chicken fix and found out they are no longer at this spot. I don't understand what happen but Ice cream portion is still there  and that great tasting jerk chicken is gone. I asked questions but know body seem to know what happen.  That sucks!Best Caribbean spot I've had in Philly! The jerk chicken, mac & cheese, and kale were exceptional. And the sauces really took things to another glorious level. You won't be disappointed if you check this spot out.I was first told about this Wonderful place via a link to the show Localish, so I decided to give it a try. Number one, the chicken is absolutely great. The jerk chicken reminded me of Scotchie's in Jamaica, all I needed was a couple of Festivals and I would've sworn I was back there. The macaroni & cheese is really good, as well as the rice. The meal also came with 4 good dipping sauces.....and ladies, the owner is tall & good looking (no disrespect to a possible wife or significant other). My only criticism is the chicken skin could've been cooked 20-30 seconds longer (granted, I did arrive 5 minutes before they closed and the owner & staff seem pleasant enough to oblige my request), but I will DEFINITIVELY return.Unfortunately the good folks at Side of the Road Jerk Chicken cannot handle good food in a reasonable amount of time. Today, I waited 3 hours for my online order to be complete. They were on FYI Philly the day before and  were not prepared for the amount of orders. They opened at 2:00 pm on Sunday, and really could not tell customers how long their orders would take nor were they handling the order queue. Inside the restaurant order area was complete chaos with no coordination. A lot of standing around not knowing what to do next or telling the customers the truth and that the order may not be filled completely or at all. I knew that they were under a lot of stress and the patrons were running out of patience. The food was not worth the wait. Until this gets resolved and that they can deliver a hot product on time, go somewhere else. Wish I could say something different but I had my family waiting on me for dinner. Good luck if you go there.Definitely a solid 4/5 for me. Chicken was flavorful and definitely much more moist than most jerk I've had here in Philly. The mango and jerk sauce were delicious. That being said $8 for a tiny container of Mac is a little excessive. Portions in general could have been a bit larger, but all in all it was a satisfying mealWhen here on Saturday for the first time with my husband and it was amazing I loved the brisket and the chicken breast was so good I also like the shrimp.and wings it was so was disappointing that I ordered the salmon and the rice but they didn't have it the the guy that worked there was very apologetic and gave us another item to replace or couldn't get a refund but he was very nice and welcoming and just over all very wonderful service I will be back again to try the other things thanks again for being very patient and helping us with ordering .... wonderful service over allYelps location directions for this place is all wrong. Will have you in a residential neighborhood.  The real location is 2nd and Laurel Street Philadelphia, PA. Don't let yelp get you lost like it did me.never tasted the chicken, totally disappointed in the process, a damn rat race, you go to one location to pay and order and another to sit and wait for your order to be dropped off. accompanied with bad customer service, unless your white they will take you by the hand..I think there is some confusion here in regards to just where this business is. A reviewer posted that Yelp led him to the wrong location but the address is correct. Side of the Road has a brick and mortar "kitchen" in Sherman Mills on Scott's Lane but the hours listed are incorrect. They are open from 12-8 pm. The proprietor ALSO sets up a BBQ "stand" where he comes out in the evening to cook. The last reported location was on "the side of the road" at 2nd and Laurel in Northern Liberties. There should be two listings here since he's doing business in two separate places with completely different hours.
This review is for Sherman Mills. It was tricky to even find this place. The signage is there if you look for the yellow chicken. I had gone two days in a row and both times my experience, and my companions agreed, left a lot to be desired.
Day one my mom and I enter and the place is indeed a kitchen with two young women working. One of them directs us to the chalkboard but when I inquire about the brisket special she tells me "we don't have it", there was also no boneless chicken. I suggested she simply erase  the items that were gone. She quips back at me,"well we had it earlier." Yes dear but you don't have it now and it's a chalkboard. How lazy can you be? It would make your life and mine easier. We wouldn't even be having this conversation. A couple more questions later I can tell the girl is trying to hide her agitation but we got through the transaction.
I returned the next day with my aunt and cousin and found the same two girls. Even though I'd brought them more business the attitude was completely ambivalent. On top of that, the girls thought it was completely appropriate to conduct a face time chat in front of us in which they loudly giggled and made continued reference to their "hot girl summer" and if you're unclear about the connotations of that check your urban dictionary. Completely unprofessional. Made us very uncomfortable as we kept exchanging looks. 
As for the food the first day I had wings and shrimp. The shrimp were terrific and the wings were tasty if not a bit small and I'm talking Cornish hen small. The second day I had the drumsticks and thighs. They did not taste jerked at all let alone bbq'ed. My aunt had what they called roasted sprouts but they clearly were not and my cousin said the Mac and cheese was average.
As I mentioned, this is a working kitchen and you stand there and watch the girls pull this and that out, throw it in an oven wait for the timer and put it all together. It's an awkward experience. Combined with the behavior and inconsistent flavors I don't recommend this business.finally made time to slide by 'side of the road jerk chicken' and meet the jerk chicken man james himself. what a great guy. its very very rare that you encounter someone who is so so receptive and welcoming to customers he knows and in my case doesnt know. called my order in maybe 15 mins in advance but unfortuantely due to his popularity the tent was packed when i got there. had a pretty good wait in line to get my order but i must admit, watching him work was an absolute treat. you can clearly see james loves his job and loves people, hence the steady crowd of customers he attracts. 
on to the food. on the menu last night was the usual jerk chicken quarters, jerk wings and smoked brisket. i had the chicken quarters and the meat was smoked to perfection and very juicy. but man, that brisket was phenomenal. it was tender and juicy and had that beautiful smokey red layer just under the skin that all true bbq/smoking fans know and love. to top everything off, james offers a wide variety of sauces to go with your meal. choices included banana, jerk, pineapple, tangerine and several others. i tried a few of them and they were all good. 
this is def a great go to spot on the weekends if youre out and about late night and dont mind standing in line for a bit. i think the worst thing about the location is the abundance of drunks in the area and thats not james' fault but if you have low tolerance for that kind of stupidity then you may wanna try to get there early right after he sets up. all in all, i'd highly recommend this spot to anyone that wants authentic smoked meats and sauces and most importantly, service with a smile.