During a recent excursion to Chinatown, we found this place on yelp. As vegetarians, it looked pretty promising. And, my partner remembered going here over 10 yrs. ago when living in Philly. The concept of this place is really great. And we love how they serve brown rice. But, we think it could be done better. The lunch menu was reasonably priced, with interesting looking options. But, must say that it is weird that everything is referred to in meat terms, but none of it is meat. There just isn't a reason to call menu items at a VEGETARIAN restaurant "chicken," "beef" etc. And, a lot of it is just fried bean curd/tofu, which isn't very creative, and honestly isn't much better for you than meat (but I guess it depends on why one is a vegetarian). So, it sufficed for a cheap, non-meat meal. But, I can't say we'd hurry to go back.The food is decent and fairly priced, but honestly, I prefer New Harmony. I once came here for an event and ended up getting really awful service. Our party was basically rushed out by the owner, who got into an intense verbal altercation with members of our party. I realize this was just one negative experience, but it prevented me from even going back.Singapore is my top pick for good, basic, affordable Chinese vegetarian.  They have a wide selection of mock meat and all-veggie dishes, with a variety of sauces and flavors.  More importantly, they don't fall victim to the "fry-everything-in-a-puff" mentality of too many other Chinese vegetarian restauarants.  Though if you're into that, you'll find plenty of fried dishes there, too.  I've been going here for years and will probably be back again soon.This is one of those places that are SO good and so comfortable and SO HEALTHY that I almost don't want to let anyone else know about it so I never lose my seemingly always available friday/saturday night table. Extremely sweet and generous staff serving vegan/vegetarian fare that's made the right way (no processed garbage). Awesome!I was visiting Philadelphia for a conference at the end of March and I ordered take out from here. I ordered General Tso's Chicken and stuffed tofu pockets that were supposed to be fried. I don't think that's what I received. I don't even know what I got but they looked like friend dough balls stuffed with chicken (that chicken was so convincing that I went back to the website to make sure the place was totally vegetarian). All the food was very, very greasy, beyond what I find acceptable for fast take-out type food. In each bite the taste of grease was overwhelming. I felt pretty awful after eating this food and I ate it because I was STARVING from walking all over the city Gallery hopping.I am absolutely in love with the dim sum platter for two or more. For just ten dollars per person you can feast on a huge plate of several amazingly delicious items (typically two of each per person with the ubiquitous pile of peanut noodles). I can't wait to go back just thinking about it! If you are ever taking out both Vegan AND Kosher friends/relatives (and I have a few of both) this is just the right place!I checked this out after looking for a Chinese veg place on here.  I agree about the whole fake meat thing, but since having some amazing veggie sausage in the U.K.  I've been trying some things here and there.
I had to do a double take to the menu because it looks like a carnivorous one.  It was as another review noted, off putting.  But I found myself debating between two lunch specials, General Tso's chicken and Lions - something or other. 
If you get there before 3, for $7.50 (as of 5/10/08) you get a choice of soup to start and a small lunch mains plus extras.  I chose the miso soup which was thick with seaweed, tofu, and string cut veggies.  It was really good.
I ordered the  Lions - something with brown rice and was not dissapointed.  It came with fresh veggies, spring roll, curry dumpling and Lions - something that was a mushroom in tofu skin and spicy bean curd.  The dish was well portioned, veggies really were fresh, the spring roll was tasty, and they rice seemed to have been cooked that day.  Everything on the plate was tasty, except the sauce drizzled on the dumpling. 
I will be back to try some of their other dishes.My favorite Chinese place in the city. Their dinner special is awesome and well-priced: new years soup, 3 appetizers, and general tsao's- all for $12 it's perfect! The service is great. My only caveat is it's much better to eat in the restaurant than order in, but I guess that's true of any Chinese place. Enjoy!I came here for a group birthday party.  It was a great set up for shareable food.  A lazy suzan was in the middle of the table to rotate the foods.  The place is also BYOB which worked out well for the occasion.  
I felt bad because we had a large table of people, and they sat 3 different couples on dates around us, which must have been awful for them, as I know it was loud.  
Most of the people present were not vegetarians, so they had some issues with all of the fake meats.  The General Tsao Chicken tasted and was textured like sweet meatballs.  Which is fine, if that's what you want, but I would advise meat eaters not to get anything they have a pre-determined notion of taste for.  I got the Pineapple chicken, and it was delicious.
The best deal is the $12.50 3 course dinner.  You get a soup, an appetizer plate of a dumpling, fried wonton, and spring roll, and an entree.  It was a lot of food for the price as well.
I would definitely go back to this place, and I would recommend it to vegetarians and meat eaters alike.  The food was decent and I had a good time.  I wasn't knocked off my feet or amazed, but it was satisfying.Good vegetarian Chinese food where the focus is on faux meat.  They make an amazing realistic duck.  Only 3 stars because a vegetarian joint should have more crisp vegetables.This is one of my favorite restaurants in the city, I ride my bike across town about once per week to get lunch here. I swear that the shark fin soup is medicinal. If I eat it when I feel the start of being sick, I wake up the next day feeling great. I recommend going during their lunch special M,W,R,F (I think they are closed Tuesdays and don't offer the special on weekends) because you get ALOT of great food for ~$8. I have liked everything that I have tried so far, but the Golden Lion's head and the shark fin soup are my favorites. 
Although the inside of the restaurant is dated and might be hard for some people to get past, the food and the family-owned and operated feel makes one easilty forget the embience. The owner is a friendly man who is always coming in and out of the restaurant, and happy to talk about vegeterianism or advise you on what to order; and his sister is the waitress.Awesome food and can't wait to go back to try out the dim sum sampler!The food here is really good!  The yam "whole fish" is unique and delicious.  I had a birthday party here with my family (8 people total) and we came for an early dinner on a Saturday (around 6pm).  There was only one other party of 4 there, and the service was very good.  All the food we had was very delicious.  Vegans just watch out for some menu items that seem to have honey.  I didn't verify if they truly use honey, but to be safe, I would just avoid those few menu items.I am a meat eater but sometimes I enjoy the pleasures of tofu and veggies.  We've eaten our way around Chinatown and there have been a few places I've gotten some questionable meat... after that happens I always want to come here and eat something yummy like the fake chicken generals tso's and not worry about chewing into something I don't like.  Good prices and service and great food.Awesome.  Friendly service and delicious food.  Try the Malaysian Chicken with noodles. Awesome.I went here for dinner on a weeknight and overall it was a pleasant experience. 
We ordered the pan-fried dumplings to start, which were very good. 
As someone who usually is limited to what they can order (because I am vegetarian), the menu was a little overwhelming!  There are pages upon pages of options, so you are bound to find something that you like.
I explained to the owner that it was my first time there and asked him what I should order and without hesitation he said the Herbal Duck.
And the herbal duck I had.  It was pretty good.  
I wouldn't say that this place is the best asian food I have ever had, but I will probably go back to this place if I have a vegetarian friend visit from out of town.Miso soup and vegetable delight with brown rice was sooo good.I had dinner here on a weeknight with a large group of both vegetarians and meat eaters, and everybody enjoyed it. I actually didn't realize until I went to write this review that the restaurant is entirely vegetarian. This should tell you two things: (1) the fake meat is pretty good, and (2) I'm not good at reading signs.
Our server, who I assume is the owner, was quite the comedian. He was very entertaining, as well as accommodating of our group of about 20. I'm not sure why he didn't seat us in the upstairs dining room, which we would have filled comfortably, instead of crowding us at a bunch of tables pushed together in the downstairs dining area, but oh well. Not a big deal.
The bill was VERY reasonable.
You might not be aware that Singapore Chinese has a karaoke room. We didn't end up taking advantage of it that night, but I would definitely go back to check it out. Considering the place is BYO, it might just be the cheapest karaoke option around. Bring some friends, some bottles, and go to town.I've had Singapore a few times and love the place on principle, but their food doesn't really stand out. I love the fact that I can order anything on the menu without hesitation, its all vegetarian, but most of the dishes would come out taking the same.
My favorite from Singapore is the the General Tso's, but I'd probably eat my shoe in General Tso sauce if I was hungry enough. On my latest trip I had the Dim Sum and although a great bargain at $10 per person, many items were over-fried (most notably the latke/hockey puck) or just bland. You'll leave full and happy because of it, but don't go expecting anything outstanding.We went to Singapore for my birthday because of the room they had upstairs and recommendations from friends and I could not have been happier. The room was perfect for a party, complete with karaoke. They brought us so much food and it was delicious. Even the meat eaters were saying how impressed they were. The best thing about this place though are the staff and the owners. They were so accommodating to our large party and really made the night because of their great service. And it was so reasonably price for everything we received. There is no doubt that I will be back.I loved this restaurant!  Although I'm admittedly biased *towards* fake meats since I'm an omnivore who hates the texture of beef.
My boyfriend and I came here based on reviews on Yelp.  We got the dinner special and ordered mango shakes, which was way too much food for us.  The shakes were delicious and tasted really fresh.  Dinner was only $12.50 per person and came with crispy noodles, soup, and three pieces of dim sum.
We went out at an odd time in the afternoon, so the restaurant was pretty quiet and empty, but the guy I chatted with briefly (owner?  manager?) was really friendly.  Can't say I understand what all the little paper hearts are about, but the decor is adorable =)Okay to put it out there, I'm a huge meat eater.
You know how they say that 1/3 of your plate should be meat?  Well, it's usually the opposite on mine.
So my friend, who hates the thought of meat, thought that it would be fun to try dim sum.  She was ecstatic.  And then she found out that her dim sum options were quite limited.  She was sad.  Then she found this kosher restaurant.  She was happy again.
The service was really good and the chef explained everything in laymen terms for our party of three.  We took her advice and got the dim sum platter.  The food wasn't that good.  Everything left a pasty feeling in my mouth and the tea was pretty bad too.  My vegetarian friend didn't like the food either..
This place should get five stars for its service (but that may have been because we were the only customers there) but I personally thought the food was terrible.
I ate a pork bun after we left.first off, the food here is delicious and relatively cheap. the owner is always here and he is a real joker. seriously! my friends and i have knocked on the door after they just closed and he opened the restaurant up for us! totally awesome. the birds nest is good and the spicy "chicken" and dumplings are always a good bet. 
second, which people don't know is that this place has KARAOKE! yes!!! it's true kiddies. i have been to many parties upstairs where there is a private room so your peeps can eat and SING KARAOKE!  good food and depending on the pipes on your friends, good tunes! :)
also, for the upstairs room, it is BYOB. they supply the stem wear and ice, bring the soda pop, etc. it is always a fun nite and a good party place. just call and book in advance. that way you can feel so VIP. if it is a bday party, they have the video/karaoke machine that the owner will set up to have the bday songs play so everyone can sing along. also during the songs, it has on the screen "have a good time." lovely. instructions to have a good time. ah, asian culture. gotta love it. also, the pictures do not match the songs. so be prepared to see scenes of fish while singing songs from mamas and the papas. 
also, while there, the owner will tell you all if you have a chance on american idol.
with this wicked cold windy weather, what better way to warm than with some hot won ton soup, crispy noodles and your friends cranking out the lines to sappy ballads or robert palmer all done beautifully to Muzak and casio notes. it is unbelievable on so many levels. i always have fun here and my power pellets are always restored to full due to the large portions. uh-huh.Heard that this place closed!  IT was a bastion very old school kosher place in Philly.  It wasn't accepted by the strictest holders of kosher laws but I enjoyed it.  Pretty sure it's closed......you should call them!I organized a work Holiday party here and the owner was SO helpful! We took the big room upstairs and managed to squeeze in over 20 people. We did all-you-can-eat dim sum and the food just kept coming! We had brought our own beer and wine the staff was AWESOME about providing glasses, clearing dishes and just generally being helpful. 
While I think that some of my workmates were a bit freaked out about fake meat (especially the chicken leg that has a fake bone in it) we had a great time. AND we blasted out some karaoke hits after lunch!Very good food.  I've been several times.  One of the first times I went, I got the $10 dim sum sampler, and I haven't gotten anything else there since.  It is such a good deal, and the dishes included are so tasty.  I can never finish all the food, which means I get to enjoy it later.  I give it 4 stars because it doesn't blow me away, but it is really good and affordable.Singapore is great! For me, it is a very close second to Kingdom in terms of food. Very similiar.
I like the Moo-Shoo dishes the best, however, at Singapore, you can't go wrong with what you order. The lunch specials are dirt cheap. Cheaper than McDonalds, just about.
The owner is a very nice man. 
The only small negative is their credit card policy. They have a $10 minimum. This is in strict violation of the agreement/contract they signed with Visa/MasterCard. Minimums are not allowed. Got dinner there once and had to buy like three cans of soda to make it up to $10. Lame. Bad business practice. Unethical. I understand, but...Here's what I liked; 154, golden lions head. Ask for spicy. They're really light on spice. Potato latke is amazing if you like fried food. I didn't like the scallion pancake, but niece did. Try crispy noodle in chill bean, singapore fried rice noodle and spicy bean curd. DON'tGET FAKE DUCK! PLEASE. Trust me. Fried rice not so good--oily! I liked the staff. Family. Really nice. And good prices still. Clean as a whistle..hard to find in chinatown....trust me on this. I've seen truly remarkable things that would make you stop eating food prepared by restaurants.I've heard people rave about this place for months, so I was pretty excited to eat here.
Walk in:  icky atmosphere.  pink plush, stuffy, cluttered, eww.
Sit down:  pobrecita de la mesera no hablaba ingles.
Eat:  I asked the owner? to recommend something good off of the lunch menu, which ended up being some tofu concoction.  I'm a vegetarian, so I've had a lot of tofu done many ways.  what ended up on my plate was tofu and vegetables smothered in the most foul tasting, eu-de-dirty-socks sauce i have probably EVER had.  frown face.
my expectations were so high.
maybe i should've ordered one of their mystery "meat" dishes.
i won't be back anytime soon.please. look no further.
if you want to die happy, or at least pretend to indulge in your last meal, Singapore is the place to go.
after eating here, i find it hard to imagine ever going to any other chinese/dim sun restaurant in philly.  ..ever.
Highlights: 
All Vegan, All Kosher, BYOB, Family-owned, two paintings of young jewish boys, Karaoke, Efficient & Witty Servers, and if that wasn't enough, it's Cheap!
My Experience: 
we celebrated my friend's birthday upstairs where the karaoke set awaited us. poorly translated songs like "pet your pussy" were, well, hilarious.  Here, $10 is a curse and a blessing.  it gets you a savory soup to start and endless rounds of ridiculously delicious dim sun.  the plates just kept coming and coming--trust me, i tried, you can't finish.
Favorite Moment: 
a tie between seeing the look of ecstasy on my meat-eating friend's face while biting into a "chicken" drumstick AND owner Peter Fong singing along to classic rock karaoke with us.
i still don't understand why there weren't more vegan hipsters bowing before the singapore steps.Visited Singapore Kosher Vegetarian the other day, Im a first timer. We were in the area and needed some lunch, This wasnt our first choice, but my wife had said it had been years since she was there. So we decided to try it. When we first came in the waitress greeted us and sat us down with menus. A few minutes later she came back and took our orders. There was a lunch special for 7.50 Your choice of soup: wonton, shark fin or miso, white or brown rice and an entree. Entrees were all vegetarian, so we tried the following: (faux) General Tso's Chicken and (faux) Peking Spare Ribs. 
The soup arrived first, the miso was so-so, the shark fin tasted better. It had long translucent noodles and a thick hearty broth. A few minutes later the food came out. We thoroughly enjoyed it, pretty decent sized portions, great taste, and it wasnt overflowing with sauces. We ended up taking a to-go box, to be honest I was stuffed. 
Several other groups of people came, and there was a take out order. I thought the food wasnt bad at all. It said it was certified Kosher, and there were Hebrew documents hanging on the wall, along with pictures of famous philiadelphians, including Governor (then mayor) Ed Rendell.I went here with my girlfriend and we left stuffed, happy, and no less poor than we were when we walked in. I got mock chicken and beef in a bowl made of crispy noodles and, as a relatively recent convert to the meatless ways of life, I can say that I gave the tofu creations a double-take. 
The seasoning is the key here, along with some crafty tofu cooking. Nothing is overcooked, as is often the case with tofu and mock-meat dishes, and the atmosphere was cozy, with a mix of families, friends and couples. 
My girlfriend had the "shrimp", which, incidentally, tasted inexplicably like shrimp. The mango shake is awesome, although it could have been a bit colder.
The service was very friendly and very fast, and we're excited to return soon to sample more of the selections available on their mind-bogglingly massive menu.Peter, the owner, is lovely and there is a private dining room upstairs for larger parties, but all the food taste the same. Xu Xing (sp?) on Samson and 15th doesn't have supervision, but it is vegan and sooooooooooooo much better!A-freaking-mazing!
The "New Year" soup is the best, when they have it.
Gen Tso and dim sum are very good as well.Definite YUM.  I'm not a vegetarian, but I love my veggies and tofu.  Singapore Vegetarian is dirt cheap, has an incredibly vast menu, and service was good.
Highlights were the broccoli w/ golden needle mushrooms (I was expecting lots of broccoli, few mushrooms...  But we got clusters and clusters of the delicious stewed mushrooms) and the taro duck (crispy, great texture and taste).  We got a few other dishes that paled in comparison (mostly sweet + sour stuff).Veggies, veggies, veggies...and seitan and tofu...
That's what you get here in so many different ways it makes one dizzy. The SG and I stopped in for the first time and spent a good 15 minutes looking through the menu, as for him- the true vegetarian- the choices were endless. I'm just along for the ride.
And a good ride it was- fake chicken satay, fake chicken szechuan, and pekan golden fish ( that is not a misspelling- right off the menu). The fake fish thing was my choice- the "fish" were shaped like tiny goldfish made of taro, potato, water chestnuts and fried. A pea made the fish eye and carrots for the tail. At the very least, the food is fun.
It was truly, basic chinese with the same flavors, just without any kind of meat. 
I would go again.Their appetizers and dim sum are great. My favorites include the Singapore potato latkes and Singapore satay. With entrees, it's hit or miss. 
Definitely skip the Spicy Chicken Curry and Pork strips with spicy garlic sauce. It's a pile of gross mess disguised as vegetarian food. All I can say is it's all yuck. Something you might consider dressing up as for Halloween. What's good was the sweet and sour spare ribs. The gluten ribs also have fake bones (made from taro), fried in a crispy batter and finished in a bed of sweet and sour sauce.
I think next time when I do come back, I'm gonna stick with ordering a few appetizers instead of their entrees.We came here mainly for the dim sum and were expecting cart-style dim sum. This is not the place for this. The dim sum sampler is just a bunch of appetizers already chosen for you.
Even though we didn't get what we were expecting, all the dishes were delicious! They have some Singaporean home made hot sauce which was also different and amazing too! 
Ordered General Tso's chicken (fake meat), Eggplant and 2 dim sums. We had four people and 2 dim sums was a lot. All the meat is made of tofu. I thought the chicken drumsticks were so cute in design. 
Also, service was great! (which is rare in Philly Chinatown restaurants). 
The only bad thing was the dumpling sauce tasted bad. But seriously never went to a Philly chinatown restaurant that had one great tasting thing after another! 
Would definitely come here again and again and again even though I live an hour away from Philly. Definitely recommend!Wonderful. Steamed options at request. Dining Out for Life Regular.i am skeptical of these chinese veg places where the menu is almost all fake meat.  so when I went to singapore, i imagined that it would be very difficult to explain that i wanted vegetables and no fake meat.  but the owner understood right away and when we told him that we wanted spicy noodles and vegetables, he brought us two delicious dishes that fit the bill and spicy sauce on the side.  food was a bit oily, but delicious.My boyfriend pushed for this place, after I wanted to go back to New Harmony. I should listen to him more often. Shh. Don't tell him.
We ordered a bunch of appetizers (Dim sum?) and split an order of sweet and sour pork. Also, I had a mysterious coughing fit, so we ordered green tea.
I loved that there was no mock meat in the veggie buns, and they were still delicious. Also, the homemade hoisin sauce was pretty awesome. (The duck sauce was homemade too and great!) The Singapore latkes were also a stand out for me, and are something worth trying. The curry dumplings reminded me of samosa. The only disappointing dish was the scallion pancakes, which were too doughy and tasted like oil.
The sweet and sour pork freaked me out. It was so realistic that I was certain they were lying about the meat content. After a few minutes, and some reassurance, I was able to get past it, and simply enjoy the deliciousness. We were full from the many appetizers, so we ended up taking most of the pork home. I ate all the leftovers and didn't share a bite. 
I loved the loose leaf green tea, and entertained/embarrassed my boyfriend by claiming I could read my tea leaves. 
The server, who I think was an owner, was so sweet. When a young boy asked where the bathroom was, she jokingly told him it was outside. I think he believed her for a second. The cook (also owner?) hand delivered all of the food to our table, which was a nice touch.
PS- The tablecloths look like bed sheets. Something worth noting.Delicious fried faux meat products here. The menu never specified exactly what it is as far as I could tell, but it seemed like seitan to me. Very difficult to tell the difference between their mock meat and the real thing; after all, it's deep fried and doused in flavorful sauce. The texture is right on, though. 
Veggie lo mein was pretty average, unfortunately, leaving me wishing I'd gone for one of the mock meat dishes instead, which were all outstanding. Service was quick and totally adequate, if not exactly warm and bubbly. Atmosphere is kind of weird and hard to describe, very, uh... soft?
It's going to be hard to decide between Sang Kee for duck and Singapore for, well, not-duck when I'm in town and craving Chinese next.this is a great little gem in chinatown. 
went here for the first time last night with a friend. 
the service was prompt and SUPER DUPER (almost too much) attentive. filled up our water every few minutes even when we didn't need it. which i mean...atleast you don't have to worry about ever having to track down your waitress if you need something. they also give you hot tea. i hate when chinese restaurants don't do this. so i was happy!
everything is vegetarian. i had the spicy chicken curry and it was so delicious. i wish it was more spicy, though. i can take the heat! they asked if i wanted brown rice with my meal and i said yes figuring it came with it. turns out it was an extra $1. so beware of the extra charge. it obviously isn't a lot to spend and i was fine with it, but i didn't bother to ask and was a little surprised.
the food came out pretty quickly. we got a nice little plate with sesame balls and oranges and fortune cookies at the end of our meal which was a delight. they also bring out warm washcloths for each person at the table to wipe your hands with and they smell so good.
i would definitely come back here again. only bad thing was they seemed so concerned with making sure all of our needs were met that they were a little overwhelming at times. but i can deal.I LOVE Singapore.  My family has loved this restaurant for so many years.  Ever since I can remember, this has been the place we would drive up to 2 hours to go to (we live in Maryland) for birthdays, special occasions, and just an amazing meal.  Peter is awesome, and always takes such good care of us.  We are all vegetarians, and it feels so good to be in a place that takes it as seriously as we do.  We have always recommended it to our friends and family, and even our non-vegetarian friends have loved it.  We are a little weirded-out by some of the seafood things, though we're crazy about the black bean fish, but I think it's just our own preference that causes that- I'm sure everything here is superbly-made and delicious if you like seafood.  The orange beef is super, as is the sesame chicken, and the.... everything.  Everything is awesome.  Excuse me, I think I need to go back there, right now- bye!I am not the biggest fan of Vegetarian Chinese food, I'll say that right off the bat. But, as is always the case, I was with a vegetarian who swears by the place and in we went.  
As far as the food is concerned it's standard veg chinese fare: Gluten shaped in different forms. I found the food here to be better than kingdom of vegs, however, and the service is friendly indeed! 
The highlights of our meal were the soups- the curry soup was awesome, and the dumplings were way better than the ones I've had at kingdom of vegs. for sure. The general tsos mock meat dish was standard. 
Overall one of the better Chinese Veg places I've been to, bonus points for the yummy curry soup. I'd put this place in the top half of vegetarian chinese places I've eaten at in Philly.I haven't been to this place in 5 years (don't worry, I just don't live in Philly), but perhaps if I write a review where I recall that incredible vegetarian crab I will remember to come back. It was dim and comfortable, big and exciting, and probably far more up my alley than the authoritarian capitalist city-state it is named after (and perhaps the owners are from).We walked around philly's amazing chinatown and saw 2 vegetarian restaurants and figured why not try some fake meat.  They had a holiday special another dinner special and we ordered them. The food was good but definitely needed the extra spice from the chili sauce. The pricing was good and we actually got orange slices and fortune cookies :)Ok, so for anyone keeping tabs on my reviews, I am no chef, or foodie. I can only comment as an innocent bystander in this crazy world of flavor and food. So from the outside, this place looks run down, and the inside is tiny and- you guessed it, run down. The staff is very quite and I wonder if they employe mute people only; although I have heard them mutter things on occasion. They do their job though.
Let's talk about Peter. He is the owner and he is very friendly. He is one of those guys that will make you feel as if you were friends for a long long time. Very charming guy. 
Food: I warned you, I'm no expert but this place is freaking good. I agree with some of these posts that say you can't taste the difference in the faux-meat with real meat. I went twice, to make sure the heavenly first time I went wasn't a fluke. The second time, my guests were die-hard meat eaters and they couldn't tell they were eating fake meat. The shrimp did not pass the test but for me, it tasted like it was right out of the ocean, fishy taste covered in seasoning. There are lots of veggies on all the plates and they are very well cooked, I am very picky with my veggies and here they are always neither too crunchy or too soft, never lacking flavor. Everything you put in your mouth you will find trying to decipher as there are spices floating in your mouth the entire time. Make sure you try the fruit juices as it will taste as if you put a straw in the actual fruit! The juice is not from concentrate, powder or syrup, it is the actual fruit. Make sure you don't choke on the sweet and sour chicken as you shovel it down your mouth like I did, stuff that delicious should be illegal.
Summary: Excellent place for a chill meal if you want something delicious and cheap. Terrible place if you are looking for something nice for a date and I suspect critical people of food may find this stuff too simple. 
FYI: apparently they have a secret karaoke machine upstairs that you have to call in advance to book for your party.I'm a vegetarian because I don't like eating meat, it's not just a matter of taste, but more so the idea of chewing on flesh.  Anyway, this place is totally vegetarian, so it's perfect for someone like me, right?  Well, actually, no.  Singapore substitutes meat in almost every dish with wheat-gluten.  So, everything on the menu read ,"Chicken, this" or "Duck, that," etc, etc.  This is probably great for most vegetarians, but for me, I prefer not to chew on anything tough and flesh-like, even if it isn't actually meat.  
For starters, I ordered the Steamed Vegetable Dumplings, expecting to get just that, vegetables - diced up and wrapped in a thin wonton.  Instead, they were thick, ravioli-looking pieces filled with brown stuff (wheat-gluten again, perhaps).  Yuck.  I ordered the Steamed Tofu with Vegetables in a spicy Schezuan Sauce for my entree.  This, I was able to partially consume, but it was far less than tasty and the "spicy" was left out altogether.
If you're a meat-eater, or a vegetarian that welcomes imitation meat-like products, please read Joe M's review, as he has a slightly different perspective.Terrible food, I believe they also stole my credit card number for fraudulent use.  Stay away!!This place has now become my favorite all vegetarian Chinese place (even beating Veggie Heaven in NJ). During a recent 2 days trip to Philly, my family got food from Singapore twice- it's that good.
  Those who suggested the General Tao's chicken were right- it's amazing! Plus the chicken drumsticks are the best. The curry fried dumpling are also really good (like chinese versions of samosas). Needless to say, everything we had was very good- some we liked better only because of our tastes. The only caution would be that if you want to somehow minimize your intake of fried foods, you'll need to ask which items are not fried because it's hard to tell until you get the item. 
  They also have amazing little sweet potato / sesame seed balls for dessert (they're free).After blowing our NYE budget on dinner the night before, my man and I came here for some cheap eats before going dancing.  We started with the scallion pancake.  It was too doughy and the scallion flavor was really lacking.  Then, we got a mock duck dish and mushrooms with broccoli.  The duck was pretty tasty; my boyfriend said if fake meats tasting like that were available all over, then he'd be a vegetarian no problem.  (I am, of course, skeptical).  The mushrooms tasted like they were from a can.  
Although the variety on this menu is superb, and I am still curious to go back and try something else, I have been more successful just ordering vegetarian options from meat-serving Chinese restaurants. 
Service, though, was excellent.  It seemed like there were regulars in the restaurant that the staff knew.  That's always a nice touch.Anyone know WHY Singapore Kitchen closed? I miss Peter and his awesome food. Wondering (HOPING!!) if maybe they're reopening somewhere else? Can't find any info about it anywhere.This is a cozy little restaurant in Chinatown that serves some pretty good vegetarian dishes.  I'm the first to admit that I am a carnivore, but I do like coming here for the dishes made with golden mushrooms and mock meat.  In particular, I like the Golden Lion's Head, which is made with many inds of tofu and golden mushrooms and cooked in a spicy sauce.  The bean curd skin knots with ham is just okay (I make this quite often at home so I am extremely picky) but this is the only place in the area that offers it.  The family style spicy bean curd is quite good and pretty authentic, not to mention very spicy.  They also have sticky rice dumplings wrapped in bamboo leaves, which are nice, but I kinda wish that they have a small piece of marinated Chinese bacon in them for that extra flavor punch (that's what I put in mine along with egg, etc.).  
Service is always great and very friendly, not to mention efficient.  Overall, a good vegetarian pick in Chinatown.Yesterday I made my first visit to Singapore for some quick and cheap take-out.  Hot & Sour soup is my litmus test for Chinese Restaurants and Singapore's is great.  Its slightly sweeter than average balanced nicely by a mild spicyness.  This soup tends to be thinner than average, which I believe is more authentic.  
I ate mine with some tender steamed brown rice and pan-fried curry dumplings.   I looke forward to exploring the rest of their menu!A bit of a mind warp considering that most of the items are listed as "chicken," "beef," or "pork," but that they're all made from different forms of gluten. I came with a vegetarian friend and it was generally a pleasant experience. Their hot pots are in between stews and soups....not a pleasant consistency, but my dining partner's faux meat was delicious. Still, neither of us could finish all of our dishes as it tasted a bit cheap and we got tired of it easily.
Service, on the other hand, was great! The tiny older woman was very attentive and pleasant.Ordered the Singapore Rendang, it is okay. It is more like curry instead of rendang. To be honest, it is abit weird to me because this dish actually taste abit sweet. Anyhow, I would go back to try out other dishes and hope they will satisfy my crave for southeast asia vegetarian dishes ^^I'm not a vegetarian but I eat loads of vegetarian food because that's just how I roll.  
I got some takeout general tso chicken and it was really yummy.  It's not super greasy tasting like other fake meat vegetarian Chinese places around.  My favorite such place in Chinatown.  
I agree with another reviewer that why eat fake meat if you are vegetarian, but some people seem to like it.Very tasty! I wish I had a better memory for names on menus. But I concur with most previous reviewers on the best dishes. They're very nice there and recognized me on my second visit.I don't know what people expect when they hear the words VEGETARIAN. It's quite obvious its Faux and its no matter how well its seasoned its not going to taste IDENTICAL to real meat. once you're prepared for that you'll be OK. 
I like Singapore. I am one of the few people who enjoy the taste of wheat gluten, so for me this place rocks! I usually order the General Tso's Chicken, or the Chicken LoMein, but am interested in trying some of the other items. 
I went there the other day and bought the General's Chicken Lunch Special, and my only complaint was the portion size. They do give you a dumpling, soup, a spring roll and a fried dumpling though. The fried dumpling thing was filled with some sort of curry concoction that was delicious! 
It also came with soup that smelled like Tea so I didnt eat it. I gave it to a co-worker who said it was quite salty (yet he polished it off).
I hear people compare this to the Kingdom of vegetarians which i have yet to experience, but will be going there shortly. 
Singapore even has an upper floor with a Karaoke machine if you have a large group!This mock-meat vegetarian chinese (is kosher, too) has take-out, delivery ($20 minimum) and friendly services.  That's a the good part.
Also the pineapple"chicken" is one of my little girl's faves.
The appetizers are a grease-fest.  The stuffed eggplant with inedible.
The spring-rolls were only fair (might be better to have these dine-in.) BUT the leek dumplings were delectable.
Hot & Sour soup was nice and spicy - but had a strange "ketchup-y" sweet note to it that I did not care for.
We will come here when our daughter demands it, but for now we shall stick to Square on Square for the BEST hot & sour around.As a meat-eater, I really enjoyed this place with my vegetarian and kosher friends. Definitely order at least two plates of General Tso's "chicken" if you go with a group of four or more because they went like hotcakes for us!  The food was really good and I highly suggest people getting different plates and sharing it family style.  Also, the manager is reaaally funny and nice so you will have good service!
EDIT: Visit #3 - I think I got food poisoning or food poisoning from eating so much :(
EDIT #2:  definitely food poisoning :( one star for fast service, another for having a couple good times there, minus this one.the insides of this place are just sad looking. it's like those restaurants that gordan ramsey or the likes would go into and revamp because it used to be good but then somehow got stuck in the 80s and never invested any of their profit into the decor. i am no snob  either. i like a good hole in the wall place, as long as the food is incredible...which this place just isn't.
 we came here for lunch and their lunch menu was disappointing. what was especially weird was the ravioli-like dumpling? with what tasted like the filling for a samosa. it was just not good. i ordered the Golden Lion's Head which i didn't know exactly what that was. so somewhere else on the menu they described it as this: "made from golden mushrooms, tofu, five spice bean curd and tofu skin, water chestnuts with fresh veggies, and served with peking ginger sauce, spicy". sounds good right?? well, when i got the plate this "golden lion's head" was two small hockey-puck fried things hard as anything (i had to pick them up in my hands and bite into them) and only tasted like the frier. there was nothing mushroomy, spicy or otherwise tasty in this thing. i still don't understand what i actually had. and our server was unhelpful. it was like she'd just woken up. 
i'm sorry to say, as this place used to be good back in the day, but it is a sorry sad run-down place now and i would never recommend anyone go there.An affordable treasure in the heart of Philadelphia.  I ate here with six or seven colleagues; the large group was treated like family and speedily, at that.  The food was amazing for the price: lunch specials included the main dish, egg roll, dumplings, and choice of soup.  I'll definitely be back!  Only complaint is that the menus were a bit grimy and frayed...I'm a big fan of vegetarian Chinese restaurants.  As a vegetarian, having a full menu to choose from can be simultaneously liberating and overwhelming.  The fried, fake meat offerings feel like a guilty pleasure.
It seems like Philly's Chinatown has a number of vegetarian Chinese offerings that are indistinguishable for each other.  Singapore Chinese Vegetarian Restaurant is one of these.
What, if anything, sets it apart?
As other reviewers have noted, the "New Year" soup is pretty darn good.  The crunchy, fried "noodles" served at the beginning of the meal are a plus.  Also, the dinner specials are a great deal and a good way to make ordering less overwhelming for vegetarians unaccustomed to having a full menu of choices.
In my opinion, it is not the best veggie Chinese restaurant in the area but you certainly won't go wrong with the place.I like this place a lot and try to visit whenever I'm in Philly.  If you are a vegetarian, be prepared to spend some time going through the menu--it is quite expansive, and a totally different experience than looking for the small vegetarian section at a typical Chinese restaurant.  If you eat meat, don't worry:  the meat eaters I've eaten with here have been consistently satisfied.  The owner is gracious and the staff attentive.  The prices aren't bad, either.  The only thing I don't like about this place is the decor, which is a little too, uh....pastel.  But that won't stop me from coming back.I simply love this place. I eat meat, yet I enjoy their General Tso's mock chicken dish more than any other real meat General Tso's i have every tried. Definitely a must whenever I find my self in chinatownHoly crap!! Everything that touched my mouth in this restaurant tastes like heaven. I'm usually a meat guy, but this place is AMAZING! I will definetly come back here again.If you are a meat-eater like me, and you go into Singapore Chinese Restaurant, you may be slightly confused when you look at the menu.  To help you, here are a few points to remember:
1. Pork, chicken, duck, etc. are not actually made of meat here.  They are some sort of proteinacious substance made to look and (somewhat) taste like meat.
2. Fish (ie. salmon) is also NOT not vegetarian, so it isn't actually served here either.  When you see salmon on the menu, see above.  
3. Shrimp is also not vegetarian, so when the menu says shrimp, see above.  
Once you learn these rules, you'll do just fine.  Truly, the menu is ridiculously extensive.  One more rule of thumb for those of you that are avid meat-eaters..
4. Don't order anything that sounds like something you would order at a non-vegetarian restaurant.  The "meat", while remarkably good for not being actual meat, does not taste the same, and you might be disappointed.
Now that you've learned the rules, prepare to be amazed and impressed.  I kind of felt like I was at a magic show the whole time I was here.  Nothing is as it seems.  Sometimes you expect chicken and you get soy.  Other times you expect pork and you get tofu.  Sometimes you expect veggies and you get something that looks like meat (but isn't!).  All the rules you thought you had memorized about chinese food have been thrown out the window!  Seriously though, I didn't know that it was possible to make "meat" look, smell, feel, and taste this much like meat.  In all honesty, I don't really see the point in taking the trouble to do so, but  if for any reason you do, this is the place to try it.  
I came here with a vegetarian friend and proceeded to be amused and entertained by the menu and the food for the entire visit.  Because I got no further than the first page on the very extensive menu before being so perplexed that I had no idea what to order, we opted for the $10 a person dim sum menu.  For our money, we got a bowl of soup plus two plates full of other treats.  My favorite from a purely sociological standpoint was the chicken legs, made of not-chicken and a wooden skewer.  As for flavor, I was a big fan of the egg roll, the satay (with fried tofu), the dumplings, and the scallion pancake.  It even comes with a little plate of dessert (sesame ball, fortune cookie, and orange slice).  It was a TON of reasonably good food, and we had plenty to bring home.
So if you are a vegetarian that misses eating meat, or a meat-eater that is just intrigued by the idea of fake-meat, Singapore is definitely the place to go for cheap food and good service in a nice quiet restaurant.OhhhhMy!   This is my first time registering for Yelp, and I felt that I had to, just because I had such an amazing dining experience at Singapore Kosher....
I was back in town to hang out with my cousin and his friend (i live in Chicago now)... and I wanted to eat someplace in Chinatown.  I'm vegetarian (my cousin/friend are not)...  but I dragged them to this place and we all LOVED the food.
The $10 dim sum is spectacular.... I almost feel like going back tomorrow night for another round.... That is if I ever burn off all the food that I ate tonight, I am so stuffed.Singapore rules! My partner and I had our commitment ceremony reception here and didn't have to worry about a thing- Peter the owner took care of it all for us! We had a keg of birch beer and Peter didn't mind at all!
I've been a loyal Singapore lover since 1999 when they were located across the street. The service (although the staff is always changing) is awesome, the owner and his family are super friendly, and they are always willing to modify any dish.
My menu favorites:
1) New Years Soup
2) Bean Curd Skin Knots with Ham
3) Chicken Legs
4) Crab Claws
5) Curry Hot PotDont' diss on fake meat before you try it. I happen to have a lot of vegetarian friends so we came here for lunch one day and I'd have to say that a lot of the food here is pretty decent and tasty. The consistency of the "meat" is a little different, more rubbery, but most of it is fried anyway to give it a little crisp too.
The sizzling black bean beef and pepper beef are amongst my favorites, but lots of dishes deserve at least a try. Just come here with an open mind and palate and enjoy yourself.This Chinatown vegetarian eatery is cozy, and has room to serve groups of any size. Service is friendly. The place isn't bad for a date, especially if you and/or your date are vegetarian. I'm not, but I can appreciate a good vegetarian restaurant.
Last I was here, two of us shared a dim sum sampler ($10/person; minimum two people), where we had a choice of soup and various dim sum plates. We tried:
- hot and sour soup, sweeter than expected, but quite tasty
- "chicken" drumsticks, not bad for a faux chicken
- pan-fried scallion pancakes
- Singapore satay
- spring rolls, they were okay
- cold sesame noodles
- pan fried curry dumplings - one of the better fried items
- steamed vegetable buns, "chicken" dumplings, and leek dumplings
Most items were okay, but I'll try their regular entrees next time; vegetarian dim sum doesn't seem to agree with me.my bat, we entered the wrong place. i only saw singapore/chinese. once inside, i thought i could be adventurous w/ veggie.I honestly thought this place was DE-LICIOUS!
Was on Yelp looking for a different place, a different experience, and found this gem (while running on the treadmill, no less)!
There's a Chinese Vegetarian place I LOVE in Jersey City, and I am haunted by the faux General Gau's chicken from there. For reals. I haven't had it in YEARS, and I have been craving it. So, saw this place and started hoping for the best!
I convinced one of my buddies to come with me, and we walked in together on a blustery evening. And it was like being transported to 1990! Pink tablecloths, fried noodles with duck sauce and mustard on the tables, and old menus. Regardless, we ordered the Dinner Specials for the both of us - New Year soup, trio of dumplings, and Orange Beef for her, and General Tso's chicken for me!
Yum. We were honestly full after the soup and dumplings. And the Shanghai (I think??) dumplings the friendly guy at the next table recommended we get (thanks for the tip friendly stranger! Would love to pick your brain regarding marathons by the way if you're reading this). So when our entrees arrived we were only able to pick at them, but they were really good! My choice of the two was definitely the Orange Beef. Deliciously crunchy!
We received impeccable service, and we were actually really surprised at how good the food was!
Definitely worth a visit.When your looking for veggies in Chinatown your either going to be faithful to Singapore, or roll with the Harmony/Kingdom combo. I like Singapore, but Harmony is how I roll just because it's pretty hard to beat their all you can eat dim sum deal and BYOness.
But Singapore does offer plenty of tasty treats and is the better spot to go to for take out. I also dig their ambiance a little more. And Chrissy R. is right about their General Tso's bringing the hottness!