i found this by accident  was hungry at work and tried this place on uber eats and i was impressed food was good the salmon was on point seasoned just rite mac and cheese was on point well worth the 5 stars this is a must tryIn a word...AMAZING!!!
I've been eating here for years and even though I'm now 2 states away, anytime I find myself in Philly I find myself in Sister Muhammad's kitchen. Have you ever tasted love in food? Eaten a meal where you know the person picked out all the best ingredients and served to you what they would serve to themselves and their family? That's the magic of this place, not to mention the innovative dishes that they've created like the Fish Fried rice. I recommend you eat in, take some orders to go and never, ever forget dessert like the banana pudding and butternut squash pie, which I like to take home and warm in the oven. Also, the place is sparkling clean and the staff friendly and helpful. It's not fast food, it's good food!I got the famous fish hoagie and potato salad...was is it good? Omg Yes it was so so good. The pictures on here definitely didn't lie. The fish was crispy yet juicy and they put alot of fish on the hoagie. I was amazed how much fish was on there. I mean that thang was huge. It could feed two people comfortably but my greedy behind ate the whole hoagie with the Muslim sauce so good and I think it was a wheat hoagie roll. Lawd jesus worth it y'all. The potato salad reminded me of my mommas potato salad chunky with the red potatoes yummy and the portion was more than I expected. I apologize for not posting pictures when I got the food but i could not help myself...dug right on in! I will definitely be ordering from this spot again. Very satisfied with the food.I'm not sure what happened in the kitchen the afternoon of December 20th but the chicken cheesteak I just had was not good. I thought it was going to be chunks of chicken breast instead it was dry & looked processed (like steakumm)...I will give them another chance maybe it was an "off" dayThe fish hoagie is amazing. I wasn't even mad when they messed up my order. I asked for fried onions and mayo only. But they made it their way. It was great both times I've had it. I also tasted my daughter's wing platter with Mac and cheese and string beans. I don't eat Mac and cheese but the string beans were bomb. The kid loved it all so I'd say the Mac was good.Initially I was overcome by grief due to the fact that the Chef had achieved such a perfect  Butter to Pancake ratio...I honestly ate half of my girlfriend's pancakes before she or I could put syrup on her pancakes...I should have went with Pancakes. But I didn't, and that's okay because the Salmon platter w/grits was phenomenal. The service was great, the bean pie was even greater. I'll be back for lunch...pancakes changed my lifeI stopped in for a bite before a meeting and I've wanted to go back ever since. First, the place is very open and impeccably clean. Second, the guy at the counter was so sweet and third, the food was really delicious. I ordered the navy bean soup, mac and cheese and a ginger juice with mint and tamarind. All of it was absolutely perfect and I can't wait to try more things!I've been going to Sister Muhammad's for a very long time. Before the remodel, and they've always had GREAT food. The best Fish sandwich/hoagie in Philadelphia hands down...
I give it 4stars because not only is the food good, it's clean, service is good, and did I say they have the Best Fish Hoagie in Philadelphia?I can't say enough about Sister Mohammed's Kitchen, staff is cordial, establishment is clean and bright, which is important to me! And the food is exceptional. On my visit yesterday I had the chicken wing platter with green beans and Mac and cheese. (I'll post a picture) I've had the fish as well and it was very good! Also, the platter sizes will feed two!I live in Delaware, and I was told by my Honey that live in Philly that Sister Muhammad's Kitchen was open after renovations. Let's just say I was excited to eat there because he raved about the restaurant soooooo much!!!! We went last Sat 7/12/2014 and was very pleased with the welcoming service that was pleasant and friendly, the menu selection was exciting, the restaurant very clean, and of course the food we ordered was well prepared, seasoned just right, scrumptious and the desserts we had later were heavenly OMG .
My Honey ordered his favorite fish steak hoagie with all his favorite trimmings along with fries. I was undecided for a while because they have so many awesome dishes on the menu...I settled with fried whiting platter. They were generous with portions and my sides were fresh glazed carrots not can carrots, and some awesome mac & cheese OMG!!! We were very pleased with our meals and our desserts. We left with our desserts which were a whole bean, cheesecake bean pie, and 3 bread puddings lol!!!! Just want to end by saying we are fans of Sister Muhammad's Kitchen and We are spreading the word out about Sister Muhammad's Kitchen. We will be returning soon!!!! Thank you for sharing your blessing!!!Well this is my first time. My first impression was nice clean and well lit inside. The ladies were very polite.  I order chicken wings with cabbage and Mac&cheese.  I really like the Mac&cheese! The chicken and cabbage needed some salt but over all great. I would eat here againThe service isn't the best, the food is always good. So at times I struggle with coming here because it's hard to get a person on the phone to order and there have been a few times that I had to check my food before I left because the order was wrong. I tried to call ahead so that I don't have to wait so long for my food. If you decide to come, get ready to wait a while for food.Food is always delish! Order a head of time to avoid the wait. Fish hoagie, blackbean burger, salmon burger and fried wings are my go to items. The bread puddin is the best! If you can't get your granny to make some for you... You can't go wrong!! Just remember to check your order before leaving to make sure you have your condimentsThe Fish hoagie......Bangin' ! I have also enjoyed the bean soup and bean pie. Always clean inside and friendly staff also.  Highly recommend!I luv there Fried Whiting, cabbage and string beans!!  
Best I've had in a long time!Good quality food! My sister raved about their Muslim fish hoagies so I finally stopped by to place a order. The serving sizes are well worth the price. i also like that they have all natural products in the store (popcorn & juices). With all the overly processed foods & fast food restaurants Im thankful that I found this spot! This place deserves 5 Stars. I believe in great service & a great product. This place has both. Trust me you wont be disappointed.I pretty much get straight to the point. Fish sandwich (would be a tad better if was on something else than regular wheat bread, but who is complaining!) salmon burger and mac & cheese were really good. The bread pudding... should be a crime! Great place to go if your in the germantown ave/nicetown section of the city.I was driving down Germantown and saw the grand opening sign several times but never had time to stop. Finally I had some time and tried this fish hoagie ,everyone talks about . I am a super fan now !  
fast forward to NYC SOBS in April album release party of  Pharoahe Monch PTSD . Came down to see his manager and the show. An Awesome show with heavy hitters of Hip Hop and R&B . So I was talking with some of the performers and we started talking about Philly and Food . And Sis Muhammad's  food came up and we all got hungry. lol  They where coming to Philly soon to do a show at Milk Boy and where gonna stop by to get some of her famous Fish Hoagies.
 Rock of Heltah Skeltah was very familiar with her foods and came to find out he knew a lot of the same people I knew in Philly. Hip Hop and good food unites so many people. Sis Muhammad's  food is known by some of the best Hip hop Artist !!First time trying this place and I was not disappointed. I ordered the fish platter with mac&cheese and cabbage. The cabbage was a little bland and it seemed as if they threw the entire head of cabbage in the pot without cutting it. Overall great food and great customer service.The lady at the counter with the shotcut, glasses, and colored hair seems to never smile or give off positive energy. The food is awesome. But the vibe sucks. Even when your trying to be nice and smile at her, she keeps a straight face and just comes off mean. I stopped going just because of that. Im a very happy person. I md rather recieve service from a person with the most greeting spirit and the food is horrible, or maybe even just okay, than to get service from someone with a jacked up attitude and waste my hard earned money.I got the fish platter w/ Mac n cabbage. The fish was good I just thought it needed a little more flavor, Mac was excellent but the cabbage I did not like I just thought it didn't taste like cabbage I don't want seasonings they use for the cabbage but I didn't like it. I gave them 3 stars because of the cabbage and the younger lady at the front gave me slight attitude when I asked her how long would my food be, but that didn't bother so I would go again just to try different items this was actually my first time trying this place.Some of the best food ever! Treat yourself, family and friends to this great cuisine. The Salmon Hoagie is my favorite.This place is soooo delicious!! My boyfriend and I have ordered from here twice. Tonight being the second time. We have gotten the fish hoagies and mac and chz and omg so good. I feel like the food is cooked perfectly and super tasty. Also tonight,  they forgot the 2 sides of mac and chz with our order, I was so bummed out Bc I've been craving it, so I called and the woman I spoke to on the phone was really sweet and accommodating!!! She immediately sent out the order without any hesitations or difficulties. And the mac and chz was hot and delicious when it got here :-)In the mood for something different, we decided to try a spot we've never been to. I debated the baked chicken platter with mac and cheese and veggies, but then decided to try the fish hoagie. $9.50? I was concerned that it would be a little fish filet on a sub roll. However, it was amazing! The fish was perfectly seasoned and fried. And they provided so much fish that I could only eat half. I enjoyed the atmosphere and friendly service! I definitely recommend this place and can't wait to go back.If you are looking for great AA soul food, healthy fast food alternatives and cooked corner store food in place with a touch of love, look no further. My favorite item on their menu unique to them is their fish cheese steak. Its a regular philly cheesesteak, but instead of steak slices, they fry and chop fish! Simply Genius.This is a go-to spot when I want good and fresh comfort food.  The food has always been prepared to order.  I've had the fried whiting and fried chicken wings.  Both are very tasty.  My only minor complaint is that the meats are cooked with very little seasoning.  This is their process in order to keep the grease clean.  The solution is just to ask for your meat to be seasoned after it's cooked and viola issue solved.  The mac and cheese tastes just like home and the candied carrots (no yams) are delicious.  I've tried the cabbage and string beans and both are just okay.  All in all I would definitely recommend Sister Muhammad's if you are looking for soul food.  I would also suggest calling ahead they can get pretty busy.Went to Philly for a Christmas party, but i reside in NY. First thing i saw was how clean and well kept it was. I had a bit of everything from fried fish,salmon,mac&cheese, potatoes salad, candy carrots and squash pie. Yup all that :), best part was everything was amazing!!! had my taste buds on another level!!! I wish they had one in NYFish Hoagie, Yum. Food is made to order so prepare to wait or be smart and call it in.I wasn't expecting much because of the secluded location,but boy was I wrong. I ordered the famous Fish Hoagie,and it was worth the wait. Fresh bread,fresh fish,homemade mayo,and fresh veggies!! Delicious and worth the brief wait. Give Sis Muhammad's a chance,even the stereotypical prepared desserts were great and fresh!Ordered a fish hoagie (Muslim). First time ordering from here, it was a mess, there was sauce everywhere, too much fish in a very little bread loaf.. Too be honest I couldn't even taste the fish, it was just sauce and more sauce, too messy. However it was decently flavored and even tho I looked like a fool eating it, I did it anyway.  Only if they can get the ratio of fish and bread right, it might actually be ok. Not to mention everyone doesn't like a hoagie loaded with sauce...Heard good things about this place so I decided to try them out! Got the fried chicken wing platter with double Mac ($1 charge for double sides) .. The macaroni... Oh the macaroni! So effin' good. I could eat tubs of the macaroni alone. On to the wings. They were nice and crispy but they desperately need SALT, SALT and more SALT. They are also juicy but once the salt or seasoning is on there, heaven. 4 stars because the price.. I could buy the ingredients of this meal twice for the price of this platter. $13 is ridiculous but overall, I would be back for the luscious desserts and cheesy macaroni and cheese!Sister Muhammad's Kitchen gets ***** because they continue to maintain the original taste since they first opened in 1999, Sister Muhammad's Kitchen doors were closed for a while as they did a revitalization of the neighborhood,  however they are open and still serving their signature Nation of Islam flavors. 
Sisters Muhammad's Kitchen is known throughout the city for their Muslim Fish Hoagie, but they are making a lot of noise with the new Salmon Cheese Steak. The Bean Pies are CLASSIC and the Navy Bean Soup is MAGNIFICENT... 
Friendly Staff and Clean Environment.... HURRY UP!!!!I had the opportunity to taste the food at an event catered by Sister Muhammad's Kitchen, and while all the food was great, I fell in love with the greens. They were  fresh, deliciously seasoned, very tender and somehow still vibrantly green. I live in New Jersey an I plan to make a trip back to Philly for those greens.This is the best place in the city.   Their food is ALWAYS exceptional . Have never had anything from there I did not like.  All platters, fish hoagies.  Their desserts, banana pudding, carrot cake, bean pie, amazing!Love! Love! Love Sis. Muhammad's Kitchen! The food is excellent and I am always very satisfied with any meal that I get. My favorite is the fish hoagie. The hoagie is super big and enough for 2 people to share. This spot is very popular so sometimes the wait is long, but it is always well worth the wait. My advice to people is order your food in advance of your hungry point. If you order when you're hungry then you may have an issue.... LOL! Great food! Keep up the good work. Im definitely a fan:)LOVE, LOVE , LOVE the black beans burger and fish hoagies. Those are my favorites but every time I go, never have a problem with order. I love this place and it's very cleanMy favorite Halal place. Great place to eat. Nice and clean and most importantly for me...no pork! Their food and desserts are always tasty. I have no complaints with cleanliness and food. I didn't give it five stars cause sometimes the customer service isnt 100% (ex: phones not working at times) the receptionist can be a little loud lol but they are still pleasant. Also they can run out of food fast so when your mouth is set for something they sell, you better get it while you can or it'll be all gone. Lol. Other than that. I enjoy Sis Muhammads KitchenThe food was fair, I ordered a chicken cheese steak, with onions and ketchup, but they forgot the onions. I was highly disappointed, because the chicken was dry, and without the onions, it was pretty mediocre. I advise you to get everything on the cheesesteak, in order to get the full experience of a great chicken cheesesteak from them.Went for first time. Fish hoagie was everything they said it is. Best fish hoagies in Philly by far. It was very good. Berry pudding and squash pie was delicious. Fried fish platter with veggie rice and cabbage was good. I will return. Everyone go and try this place once..it's a goI have been a fan of Sister Muhammad's food since I can remember. The Fish Hoagie (whole pieces of whiting on a wheat long roll) and the Fish Steak (fried whiting chopped up on a wheat long roll) are so delicious. You can have anything on them you want. My husband usually goes the lettuce, tomato mayo route. I usually get the sautéed onions and sweet peppers with hot sauce route. They usually last for two meals. The only reason I have taken a star away is because it took me some time until I finally realized the key to a non-frustrating buying experience. As several Yelpers have noted, the counter staff is not super friendly and everything is made to order and the orders are going to take 25 minutes. Now, I have them saved in my phone and my husband and I call first in order to get the deliciousness without a super long wait. The restaurant has lots of seating and they usually have interesting things on the TV when I come. The last time, I found myself talking with someone that was visiting and had heard great things about the food. We had a very pleasant conversation that I enjoyed a lot. Last great point is that they have both bean pies and butternut squash pies which I love love love! I wish Yelp had half points. I would give Sister Muhammad's  another half point for the deserts alone.The food was decent, I personally love the Mac & Cheese, it was very good!! I wasn't a fan of the fish simply because I prefer Catfish and I like it well seasoned not salty..Driving down Germantown Avenue last week, I happened to notice the newly constructed homes right around G'town and Windrim. I was also pleasantly surprised to see Sister Muhammad's Kitchen was open for business. I've passed by a few times over the past year thinking they were closed forever and sad that I'd be missing out on one of the best fish hoagies in town. 
Well I'll mourn no longer because they are back and better than ever. I stopped in and got a fish hoagie and it was just as good as I remember. I even tried a butternut squash pie. I was told it was like sweet potato pie. I thought it was even better!
I'll be back for BOTH of those in a few days.Every time I come here, I'm NEVER disappointed! The quality of service,food and professionalism is ALWAYS ON POINT! I Highly suggest the black bean burger! Also the mango or pineapple seamoss drink! Love this placeSo, I suggested this place a couple of months ago for my line dance sisters because, they were in town and wanted a place to eat that was good. I'd never been here before but I wanted to try it. Well, they raved about how great it was when they went. So, the first opportunity I had to try it, of course, I had to taste it. I'm in love with this place! The turkey legs were A M A Z I N G! So good! I loved the Fish Hoagie! Everything was well seasoned. Parking wasn't bad, but I can imagine it being tough to find parking during the week at lunch time. It was well worth the drive to get there. I will return when I can!Sister Muhammad's food is delicious. We've gotten catering for 25-75 people for a variety of events this last year. Reliable, delicious, crowd-pleasing dishes every time.My go to for a vegan meal: salmon fried rice. Yummy! I also love the Muslim hoagie. But I try to limit eating bread. The bean pies are super good.Meh. The folks at the register aren't the most friendly. Food was good but if I ask/pay for cheese, I expect that. I was clear on no tomatoes and guess what? Tomatoes. Thankfully I am not allergic. They also forgot a part of my order. It's like they weren't paying attention. My daughter was pleased with her order.The bestie and I decided to go here after reading the reviews on Yelp. We drove all the way from Jersey. I ordered the jerk fish with mac n cheese and string beans. He ordered the fish hoagie with potato salad and string beans. For desert we ordered carrot cake and a bean pie. The food was delicious. My jerk fish was nice and spicy. Mac n cheese was so amazing. String beans could use something, onions and seasoning maybe?! I tried a bite of the fish hoagie and gave it a thumbs up too. However, neither of us got the deserts we asked for. There was a piece of pound cake, not carrot cake and no bean pie, that's why this place got 4 out of 5 stars. Had to leave off a star for the desert mishap. 
Almost forgot to mention, the pound cake was just ok. Nothing special. I would like to return to try more food options and maybe even get the desert I ask for.Fish hoagie was delicious and large as the other reviews mention. I didn't realize I could have the "Muslim fish hoagie" and ended up adding my own toppings. I think the people who take your order could be more knowledge. It was clear it was my first time ordering. However, food was done quickly (before the pick up time given) and it was tasty. I'll go back again for the fish hoagie.The fish hoagies are very good. I doffing like any of the other foods. I thought they were bland. I tried the fried rice and their vegetables.Been waiting to experience Sister Muhammad's salmon steak... it did not disappoint. Excellent and I recommend it with the Muslim sauce... bangin'!!!!!I've been here a couple times, but I have to honestly say this time was a bit of a disappointment. The fish in my fish steak was obviously reheated in the microwave . By the time I got home to eat my sandwich, the fish was so hard and chewy that I could barely eat the sandwich. Usually the fish is cooked fresh or maybe if it's been reheated, it's done on the stove. I'll be back, but I just hope they don't use the microwave again.This was my first time trying this establishment. Even though I have driven past the restaurant several times I've never tried to actually order from them. I had the fish platter with macaroni and cheese and string beans and a side of potato salad, awesome!!!My fav ‼ when I crave fish I always want a sisters hoagie. Been going to place for yearsOne sentence summary: if you're white, don't come here.  I landed up here by accident, as this is the closest eatery to Wayne Junction station.  The staff made it very clear that I wasn't welcome.  The customers were all poc apart from myself.  Only one person was working in the kitchen, so I had to wait forever for my sandwich.  But it was ok, hence two stars versus one.  Just loved the photo of Malcolm X on the wall.  Won't be coming back here any time soon!I really have to say that the food and service was top notch if you have not eaten there please go. You will be glad that you did.I'm on my way back.Food is pretty good not a lot of seasoning but it's pretty decent . The place is extremely clean which I loveI was excited to see this place was open but after getting the food VERY DISAPPOINTED! My order was wrong, rice was dry and bland, fish was supposed to be jerk but had a yellow sauce on it and the potatoe salad and Mac an cheese which i did not order was tasteless!!! Waste of $15 and I couldn't even eat it that's how BAD I was very disappointing.We visited this restaurant for pick up for the first time last month. Our food was exceptional! The portions are great, the food hot and fresh. I could see why there was a long line of people coming up to pick up orders. Definitely a hit! I recommend the fried fish. You will not be disappointed.Muslim Fish Hoagie is at its top of the game: filled with veggies cheese fish and sauceWe were curious to try this place and the fish hoagie, especially with our halal friends. Very friendly service and the crowd shows how well liked this place is! It may just not be in my personal taste - the hoagie was reasonably good and interesting with raisins etc, but a little bland for me. Better with a lot of hot sauce. The fish fried rice was a little fishy but glad I tried it for the novelty.This place has amazing fish, whether its a platter, sandwich or the famous Muslim hoagie.  I have their meals delivered via Black and Mobile and have received platters full of appetizing food. I have even ordered the fried chicken wings and they were actual whole wings and not the wing dings!!!  I love their food and will conitnue to patronize except I will have to pick up my platters because I am no longer able to access the delivery service site anymoreFood was really good, I get nervous eating macaroni and cheese outside of the house in fears of wasting my money but I definitely would order this again. Salmon was perfectly cooked and the potato salad was spot on. The salmon comes over brown veggie rice (I think that's what it was), so it's like an added bonus. All in all I'd visit again and recommend others to stop byI had an appointment in Philly & was on Google looking for a place with a variety of Pescatarian dishes in the city. The reviews I read about
Sister Muhammed's left me so intrigued I was determined to try this place out. They were 35 minutes away from my appointment, when we arrived they hadn't opened yet. We waited until they did & were the first customers. I appreciate that they use wild caught salmon, BIG + in my book! We ordered a few different items; the (1) Salmon platter, (2) Salmon Burgers, (2) Fish & Chips, (1) Wings & Fries, etc. 
You know fish & chips are ON POINT when you don't use man made utensils or condiments to eat. The Fish was flavorful, moist, well seasoned, as were the fries, I loved that they weren't greasy either. The Salmon Burger was SUPERB!! My Mom loved it so much she said we have to get a group of family & friends so we could make a trip to Philly to Sister Muhammed's Kitchen. I wholeheartedly agreed! We STRONGLY hope you're considering opening a spot in the Poconos area in the near future!! Blessings to you!The Food was ok the staff was friendly service was Fast. Ill go back to try other items.Get the Mac and cheese!!! Such great food everyone loved it and great people! Highly recommendedThis is by far one of the best fish bogies I have ever had. There is plenty of fish, it's perfectly seasoned and the lettuce and tomatoes are fresh as well. I was a little apprehensive about he roll, but it turned out to be good. I have had it over 8 times and good every time, just say no to the special sauce.I gave this place two stars because the food and customer service use to be excellent but they are so far removed from that now. Their customer service is the worst I've ever seen and the food has definitely taken a hit.  Wow I can't believe how far down this place has gone.  Also those T-shirt's that say support black businesses- we're trying to!! Get ya $&?! together ok.The food is decent. I love their bean pies. But the customer service is not good. They need to work on being a little more friendly.So...found this spot when looking for dishes Philly is known for and the Muslim Fish Sandwich popped up. Looked at the ingredients and raisins on a fish sandwich...what in the world?!?!? But the reviews were talking about how it tasted amazing so when I ordered it, I was determined to get it with everything on it so I could at least try it. The flavor combination of everything on the sandwich was delicious!!! And I dislike raisins in my food unless they are bourbon soaked. And apparently I can now add that I like them on this sandwich. My only issue was that the breading to fish ratio was off because the fish was chopped. So my next time, I ordered it and asked them to keep the fish whole. PERFECTION! Easily in top 3 best sandwiches I have ever had in my life. If you are thinking of ordering it, most def do it whole instead of chopped with everything and you will not be disappointed.t is huge so unless you have a massive appetite, prepare to share half or save it for later. Also the customer service is good as well and they have some tasty desserts. The mac and cheese is flavorful and baked, the carrots are almost seasoned like sweet potatoes and are delicious, and the cabbage is good (not greasy) and lightly seasoned. Every time I am in Philly, I will most def be visiting here for this sandwich and some sides.Their customer service is awful. Very rude and unprofessional. I attempted to place an order over the phone she the owners sister was rude kept interrupting me while I asked questions. The reason I know it was the owners sister because when I explained to her she was being rude and asked to speak to the owner she replied what do you need im the owners  sister.  I explained to her customer service is everything she hung up on me. I will never buy anything from here. Its sad to say this but thats why African Americans don't suppose Black businessesThere is nothing gourmet about this spot! It's straight up basic. But the food is good. I had the fried fish platter with Mac n cheese and cabbage. The portion sizes are on point for the price, the fish was flavorful and the mac n cheese was like Nana was back there cooking it herself. There's definitely room for improvement around aesthetics and etiquette. I saw several people (presumably friends and family) walk in off the street and right into the kitchen (not the best look). But this 4 star rating is based solely on the food and the service and because they were both good, I'll definitely go back!Wayne Junction is usually thought of as a small neighborhood at the beginning of Northwest Philadelphia that one passes through on the train or highway.  But guess what?  There is a popular eating establishment worth getting off of the train or highway to patronize. It's called Sister Muhammad's Kitchen.  (And right around the corner in Wayne Junction there is now a new brewpub offering another dining/drinking choice.)   Of course during Covid-19 things have altered but takeout is still available and this is an establishment I wanted to try as well as patronize.
The specialty at Sister Muhammad's are their fish hoagies.  They offer two types - the standard one with a whole whiting fish ... and their famous Moslem Fish Hoagie where the fish is fried and cut into pieces. I opted for the Moslem Fish Hoagie with everything on it and am I glad I did.  It was a totally tasty sandwich bursting with flavor which I can recommend to everyone. Be hungry or in the mood to share because this is one large hoagie. Sister Muhammad's is def a place worth going a little out of your way to find.  
Tip - In non-pandemic times one can eat inside as well.Been  ordering from here for over a year now, food always good even though I only order 3 things off the menu , fish hoagie , lemon cello, red velvet  don't really care for the fried rice items oh and the chickens are real juicy and fresh nice size !So... heads up... be prepared to wait at least 40 minutes (so maybe call ahead). BUT IT IS WELL WORTH THE WAIT! I order the fish hoagie (Fried onions, sweet peppers, L, T, pickles, hot sauce, muslim sauce side) cabbage, cheesecake, and Mango sea moss drink. The hoagie was GREAT, the cheesecake was AMAZING-- you can tell it's homemade, the cabbage was a little dry and blah which is why I'm knocking off a star, and if consistencies of food or drinks are a big thing for you, don't get the sea moss drink-- it taste good but is VERY thick and just... weird. Also, it's a little expensive ($25 for mine) but you could get two meals out of it. Enjoy!Sooooo good!!! The cheesesteak hoagie and the fish hoagie with Muslim sauce was BOMB. The service was fast and the cashiers were polite and helpful. We went back to NYC with our stomachs on full and smiles on our faces. 
Thank you guys! 
#supportBlackbusinessesI ordered the salmon fried rice it was absolutely disgusting. It was overcooked and tasted terrible! I will never eat here again.  Awful is an understatementBad, bad. Ordered the fish hoagie. Had it for lunch on a Friday two weeks ago and was sick all weekend. Lousy! I definitely don't recommend. Even 1 star isn't deserved. More like (- 2 stars).The food was okay ordered fish platter everything except the fish was way too salty, why do black eateries over use salt,  aren't they aware of us having high blood pressure issues as a race! I won't return again!Great food!!! Salmon sandwich is good!! They sell seamoss and smoothies! I didn't have to wait long for my food they also have a lot of business!! J would go here before any philly sandwich spot in philly