I always hit this place when I come into Philly!  I love the butter truffle burger with chipotle fries.  If you love burgers try this spot! its small and has a great vibe!Still on of the best places on girard.    Consistent and high quality.   Great neighborhood place ...... probably the best place to get a burger in PhiladelphiaIt is 8:01on 12/17/2014, and I just got off the phone with the rudest woman EVER. I simply called to see if Grubhub's 1 hour and 45 min delivery estimate was right for my food.  She went into a tirade acting like I was the biggest inconvenience ever, about how they use a 3rd party delivery service and all they do is make the food so she can't tell me.  I say ok, thinking to myself why is this lady being so hostile? She offers to see if they made my order and I said that would be nice.  She confirms it went out and then says, "Bye," hanging up on me while I'm trying to thank her.
Honestly, if you don't want to deliver, than don't.  Or at least tell your employees that it's part of the business model, and they need to treat ALL customers the same - respectfully.  Because guess what, if I don't get delivery from you guys, you won't get my business because I never go in to the restaurant.  There are plenty of other places to get delicious burgers from in NoLibs now.Soooo much food!! Really easy to accidentally over order... Get the Mac and cheese! It was fabulous. The vegan burger was really heavy but tasty especially with the horseradish cheese! Make sure you bring your a game to draw your most creative burger... As for mine, fail.Absolute joke of an establishment. I order a burger w/ fries, and when I get home and open up my food I see that neither the fries or top bun of my burger are there! Like seriously, how idiotic are you that you forget these things!?!? Plus the food itself was like $16 which is a complete ripoff. I guess when you're selling to delusional hipsters in Fishtown you can justify charging that but to us normal people that's absurd. 
Bottom line: don't waste your money at this piece of s**t restaurant. 
Make America Great Again.Absolutely the best burgers ever. We tried the Kobe burger with wasabi, the smashed onion burger and the truffle burger. The fries are amazing. Maybe the best we've ever eaten. The Macaroni and cheese is awesome. And the desserts . . . well you get the picture. The biggest problem was that we all ate too much.Sketch is one of my favorite spots in Fishtown! I've been here with my partner 3 times and we've never been let down. The atmosphere is cool and low key, and the people are super friendly. The burgers are incredible!! I haven't explored most of the menu because i'm hooked on the burger. They are tasty and big. Most of the sauces are good too, and the bun is outstanding. My girlfriend gets the black bean burger, and loves it. I would definitely recommend this place for anyone interested in some local, non-pretensious eats.
The chipotle and aioli sauces are our favorites.Woah, who knew the burgers would be so gigantic! Well I had a good idea, but seriously...
I think next time I will split a burger because it was a challenge to eat it all. It was just too delicious to waste, so I forced myself to enjoy the whole thing. I had a regular burger with the horseradish cheddar, bacon, and sauteed onions. I was very pleased that I could actually taste the cheese, because sometimes cheese can get lost in the mix of flavors. The roll was fresh, and the burger was cooked just right. I also had a milkshake, which the girl at the counter made "extra thick" so it would survive the 5 minute car ride home (how sweet is that?!). Oh and the fries were awesome! I think that their pricing is pretty good. Maybe the extra toppings are a little pricey, but the quality is there so we didn't mind too much.
My boyfriend said that he heard some talk of an ostrich burger and an antelope burger while he was waiting for the food... Not really sure what is going on with that! Maybe there is a new special in the works.So glad my wife found this place.  We travel to philly regularly and this is now easily the best meal I've ever had there.  Far superior to the cheese steaks.  We had the Mac & Cheese, fries, and I had a burger with grilled onions and mushrooms.  May have been the best burger I've ever had in my life. Chipotle mayo was fantastic.  The service is unbelievable.  You order at the counter but they visit your table more then a five star restaurant.Delicious food, comfortable atmosphere very chill spot I loved my Dr. Pepper pork sandwich, sides are extremely good definitely a good spot in Philly on a chill night.Just a scooter ride down Girard to this new place. Sketch is super cute inside, I was staring at the colorful walls and bright colored paintings while we waited for our food. The prices are great and the portions are huge, my daughter and I could have shared a  single burger.... Service a was delightful as we talked our servers ear off. There are a few booths and bar seating a a table outside. There are also vegan options and a grilled chicken sandwich if burgers are not your thing. They have a variety of sauces and toppings to add if you choose while they come with tomato and lettuce and their token cheese balls. While some might not like this, their burgers are big and juicy and filling and really the fries aren't even necessary- I will say it again- another reason not to leave fishtown.This place had literally one of the best burgers I've eaten in Philly. 
To be honest, the place is a little hard to find at night and it's kind of a hole-in-the-wall restaurant. There doesn't seem to be much seating for large groups, but I came with a group of 5 so a booth was good enough. 
First, the service was pretty great! Our server was helpful in giving us suggestions on what to order and telling us her personal favorites. But note, it's cash only! I ended up shelling out $20 for the whole thing, but it was WORTH. 
I ordered the Cyclops burger and a Salted Caramel and Pretzel milkshake (can't remember the exact name). WOW. That milkshake was SO good. It was the best milkshake I've had in such a long time and I would get the same one again. The cool thing is that you can mix and match flavors that you like. The server was telling us about a Peanut Butter and Jelly one (Peanut Butter + Strawberry). It all sounded delicious, forget mixing... I'm ordering that shake. 
The burger was cooked exactly how I wanted it (I asked for medium), the bacon was crispy, and the fried egg just took the whole burger over the top. I asked for the garlic aioli sauce and provolone, and I had to give myself props for making good decisions. I also tried the sweet potato fries and the Green Chili Fries. Both of them were really solid, but I think I'd go back for the Green Chili Fries. I think the sweet potato fries would've been better with a different choice of sauce (we got the Green Goddess). 
Lastly, one of the coolest parts of the restaurant was being able to "sketch" on a piece of construction paper with some markers and crayons. Not gonna lie, some people hacked and busted out their professional cartoon drawing skills, making the wall art seem pretty intimidatingly good. I spent a good amount of the meal (neglecting both friends and food) trying to draw something worthy of being put on the wall. I ended up with something I was pretty proud of, but was sure it wasn't quite good enough. To my surprise, all we had to do was ask and they gave us scotch tape to put up our drawings. Lesson learned... just ask and you shall receive.I stopped by Sketch this week with a friend when we were looking for a quick bite in Fishtown. I ordered a burger with bacon and she ordered the chicken sandwich. There is a large variety for people looking to pick and choose how to build their burgers or sandwiches. It should be noted that the fries are AMAZING (and Belgian style). And they come with a free dipping sauce of your choice (the sandwiches come with free sauce as well). You can also order cheese with the fries. 
The burger was tasty but not the best burger that I've had in Philadelphia. It was good though. I would definitely stop back in here again if I was in the neighborhood. The service was fast and the burgers were big (so big that I had to take most of it home).There is nothing vegan friendly about a place that charges you $8 for a not-anything-special vegan burger in a cheap baguette (because the hamburger buns are coded in eggs), iceberg lettuce and one slice of tomato. Not to mention you will be charged $1.50 to add a pinch of avocado. Other than this pathetic veggie burger this place does not have anything else for vegans. They simply took off the vegan menu... You might as well go to Chillies and find more vegan options. Their tables are sticky, they don't accept cash and you are surrounded by sketches of people advertising the killing of cows for their God given right to eat a burger.For those who know me. My favorite word is "SKETCH." So naturally I had to come and check out all that Sketch had to offer.
These types of small businesses is what I love about Philadelphia. People are just makin' good food, people are eatin' good food, there are smiles on faces.
Jaime O and I came over on a cold Wednesday night looking for deliciousness.
There was a bit of a wait - ALWAYS a good sign. Especially for a place in Fishtown that might not be in the thick of the activity.  We ordered our food at the counter and sat down after a table opened up.
I got the lamb burger which was AMAZING. Jaime got the smashed Onion burger which she also enjoyed. The people working gave good descriptions of all the questions we had.
The best part about this place is the "no frills." Just Burgers, Fries, and other amazingness.
Highly recommend. I want to come back for the other burgers.
FYI - They also do takeout.I've only gotten take out from here but OH MY Mac&Cheese. Their fries are pretty good too, and i'll let you know how their milkshake is...i'm going for the 2nd time in 5 days. 
I hope i don't die of a heart attack. This stuff is heavy....but its worth it. At least i'll know i died satisfied.Terrific bean burgers.
Delightful atmosphere.
Pleasant staff.
Reasonably priced.
Tasty menu.
We will definitely be returning in the near future!I heard about this place a while ago and noted it as a potential destination for lunch with vegetarians, a situation that I put to the test last week. 
I did the onion burger with tahini and horseradish cheddar, which turned out totally messy but also quite good. she had the seitan tacos special and gave it a good review after raiding the salt/pepper/hot sauce bin to make it a little more interesting. 
Id like to go back and try some of the more outlandish menu items / make more crayon and chalk drawings as I wait for my order.I saw this place on one of those celebrity foodie shows so, as I live nearby, I had to give it a try.  Because it's in Fishtown, I wasn't surprised to find that the place was crawling with hipsters when I walked in; it was matched by the non-conformity radiating from the decor.
Hipsters aside, my friend and I were promptly greeted by a friendly waitress who directed us to their drink fridge and subsequently received our orders in an equally timely fashion.  
I had high expectations for the food and it did not disappoint.  I got the Cyclops burger which has an egg on it.  It was perfect.  I also crushed a tasty side of fries that I ordered, which was a large serving considering I ordered the smaller of the two offered.
One big drawback for me was that they didn't have any soft drinks (so hipster) and we weren't offered water as an option.  That's a big thing for me when I'm eating salty food.  
Overall, my objective was to eat a delicious burger, so despite some minor complaints  I was very pleased with the experience.I was starving one day and went in here after a long run... my mistake started by ordering two sandwiches.  Good lord, I had so much food in front of me, I could barely start the 2nd. 
Burgers. HUGE. Fries. DELICIOUS. Shake. VEGAN (and yum)!
Simply awesome.  Just don't over order.After hearing great positive reviews about this place decided to come check it out myself. I got the truffle burger with a fried egg added and a order of sweet potato fries. The price is definitely a bit on the higher end for a burger definitely not a cheap burger like you would get from a fast food and not something I can justify on getting everyday. I love that you have the option to choose the type of sauce for the fries and burger. This place is definitely better then 500 degrees in center city. I'll write a separate review on that later. Space is very limited and its cash only. This place is definitely a hidden gem.I have recommended this spot to many....it is a solid burger joint with lots of offerings for your veg and vegan friends.  The Pomme Frites are awesome as are the sauces that accompany.  The burgers are great and the seitan specials are quite special.  Don't forget to get a milkshake!!High quality burgers, a bit expensive (10 dollars/person), but it's worth it.  Great vegetarian options.Delicious food - everything we ordered was excellent. Only 6 tables, but worth the wait. Cash only. Lost a star due to being remarkably dirty, but I think that's an understaffing issue - our server was waiting tables, bussing them and prepping food, which meant she could barely wipe tables as they turned over.Very big, yummy burgers! Shakes could use a little work (not sure if you can add malt, if so that would help).
Very cool place though and would recommend, especially if you like to doodle or have kids!! But even if not, the burgers are very yummy!I am no artist but the cook at Sketch sure is.  I loved building my own burger with a fried egg, horseradish cheddar, avocado and BBQ sauce.  It was cooked to my medium-rare perfection and served HOT.  My friends ordered the onion smash and the cyclops but since we were all elbow deep in our sandwiches I didn't have a chance to try theirs. We split one order of fries which was plenty to share and the selection of sauces made this "condiment-mixer" a match made in heaven.  Definitely a do-over (just don't expect to see my art anywhere).Very good burger. I truly respect it. And I like the space a lot, truly truly. The staff was sweet as I can ask for, and the burger was juicy yeah. Fries were thick, crispy out and soft in. The sauces  add a fun element. If you could ask for a better burger, you'd be asking too much.The kobe burger is GOAT. But seriously, their burgers are amazing and the deserts are even better. Customer service is good so basically if youre in the mood for a good burger, come here.Great food, a little pricey but about the same as shake shack for a lot more food that is better tasting. The staff were extra nice and accommodating of any dietary needs and the dipping sauces especially the BBQ were great. Nice little first date or Friday night spot in a decent part of town. Just make sure you look out for it can be difficult to see the sign at night.Sketch's is not located in an area of the city I usually frequent, but whenever I am even slightly near here I want to stop by. We went here for the first time in about a year the other weekend and the service was not as good as normal. I think maybe the place has gotten more popular or they were just having a bad night. We called on the way there to place an order for take out because we knew by the time we got there it'd be less than a half hour to close and I felt bad doing that to the staff. We called and a girl answered and I said I wanted to make an order for take out. She said okay and put us on hold. We waited ten minutes on hold and at this point we were almost there so we just hung up. We got there and the lady who I assume was the same one on the phone seemed to have a bit of an attitude and wasn't very pleasant. She was also waitressing and it was pretty crowded. We ordered a kobe burger, but they were out of that which was disappointing. So, we ended up just getting a sirlion burger. The food was definitely as good as usual. My boyfriend and I split the burger because they are pretty large. The burger was great, definitely the best burger anywhere in the Philly area. We also got cheese fries which are extra amazing from Sketchs for some reason. Normally, we would get one of their yummy desserts but we didn't since we got it to go this time. Despite our experience, I would still recommend Sketchs. Normally the service is really good so i'm not sure what happened on this recent visit. Also all the drawings on the wall are awesome and really amusing to look at. Hopefully, next time we go it will be more similar to our past visits which are usually fantastic.Butter. Truffle. Burger. Yes please, the only thing that would take it over the top is some duck paté.  I also get super down with the smashed onion burger, add avocado, bacon, and BBQ.  Make sure to take a second and soak in the decor.I love a good burger every once in a while, and Sketch definitely delivers. 
To get:
The cyclops burger: egg over easy with bacon, cheddar cheese, lettuce and tomato. I got my burger medium and it was cooked perfectly. All burgers come with a sauce as well and we got the Harissa Aoili. The burger was crazy heavy so I just ate half and saved the rest for later. 
Hand cut Belgian style fries: Also with Harissa Aoili (on the side). The fries are super crispy on the outside and soft on the inside, with just the right amount of salt.
...and a milkshake! I got a mix of chocolate and vanilla, but I'm sure whatever you get will be awesome.
Also, don't forget to draw a picture and put it on their wall!Color while you wait!  Make origami!  Delicious and veggie friendly options!  Try to save room for dessert.Really great burgers at a really reasonable price. Had the standard beef burger. Total price with fries and drink was under $15 including tip. Burger was great, and was as-good as many places (read: "gastro" pubs) that charge double (although maybe it came out medium-well instead of the as-ordered medium...no biggie since meat was good quality). Fries were great with a decent selection of dipping sauces. Just a no-frills burger joint. Highly recommended.I'm so glad one of my coworkers told me about this place.  Definitely one of the best burgers I've had in the city.  It is PRICEY, but it's so worth it and you get so much food!  The fries are delicious and come with a variety of sauces to choose from.  The aoli is amazing!  The smashed onion burger was sooo good!     
I especially love all the Sketches on the walls...so fun to read while chowing down.  It is definitely a hidden gem for those who don't venture beyond Center City.
Sketch is a place I'd come to once a month or two because it's expensive and more of a "treat".  Maybe I'll try the pulled pork and a vegan milkshake next time...ironically delicious?Are you kidding me!?!?!?!  Punch yourself in the mouth and go get one of these!  Also try the fries with the aioli.  Hands down best burger I have had in the city.  I will be back SaturdayRecently went in for the first time! SO GOOD! My burger was perfect! The atmosphere was so laid back and the staff was super friendly!WOW!! Absolutely amazing! Their burgers were delicious and plentiful. There must have been a full pound of meat in each burger. Their toppings are soooo good and sauces delicious. I love the chipotle and wasabi. Would go back over and over again!This is my favorite burger place, and I regret moving away from Philly whenever I have a burger that is not from Sketch.  The Kobe burger is amazingly tender (consistently.... and yes I have ordered from here more times than I am willing to admit). I alternate between the aioli and green goddess sauces.  Only other decision you need to make is sweet potato vs. truffle fries. If you are in the area, I definitely suggest eating inside of Sketch at least once as it is fun to see all of the different drawings they have accumulated throughout the years.Oh so, so goood. Totally unique but a bit of a dive. Amazing burgers and fries, expensive for burgers, but I think you get what you pay for.YUM!!!!! WORTH THE WAIT!!!!!!!!!!
Tables/floors are kind of gross but the food was just so goodWhen in Fishtown, definitely the go-to place for good burgers.  The place has a fun feel with all of the hand drawn notes lettering the wall.  Apparently its claim to fame is that it was a regular haunt of the crew during a Gordon Ramsey restaurant makeover nearby.  
I tried the frites, Kobe burger and something meatloafy..  all quite good and cooked to order (easier said than done for many places some reason).  The drawbacks of Sketch are the early closing hours (due to location) and the lack of beer availability.  Normally, that would bump this to 3.5 but personality wins out.  4 it is!Sketch was the second stop in my on-again off-again national tour of burger joints.  The first one was Louis Lunch, one of the restaurants who claim to have started it all.  Amusingly, Sketch's dining room is about the same diminutive size as Louis', barely room for a few small tables and booths.  But while Sketch doesn't have the lore of Louis, the buzz has drawn me to Fishtown to experience, in my mind, the ultimate burger: the Cyclops, a hefty burger toped with a fried egg and bacon - the new platonic ideal.
My take out took about 50 minutes to complete from the time of order.  One of the servers explained that the cook was new and it was his first Saturday night. Both servers pitched in the kitchen to help out.  It would be easy to get upset over the wait, but the server was nice, really apologetic and offered to comp a cookie for the wait.  I appreciated that.  What I really found amazing, even though the orders were backed up, there were no Gordon Ramseyesque tirades in the open kitchen.  The staff was supportive of each other and encouraging instead of letting the stress get to them.  Gotta love that.
The food, unfortunately, was disappointing.  My medium rare sirloin burger was medium-well and dry.  The over easy fried egg was pretty salty and overcooked.  I was craving a runny egg, but the yolk was pretty much dry.  The saltiness of the egg combined with the cured bacon (which, by itself was fresh and tasty) made the sandwich overbearingly  salty.  
The Belgium fries may have been good right out of the fryer, but I sampled some as I was leaving the store and it was lukewarm.  I reheated them at home in the oven and they tasted much better.  
The best part, though was the pistachio shake.  Overloaded with whole nuts, thick and redolent with nutty flavor, it was pure bliss.  
So kudos to the professional service.  I may want to return when the cook gets some time under his belt, or maybe I'll just get the shake.Sketch: It was love at first bite!
I'd been dying to try this place so imagine my surprise when I went to a friend's house one night and he lived right next door! Totally Jelly! He would rub it in my face how whenever he was hungry, he'd just call them up, roll out in his PJs, run next door, grab a burger and get his munch on. 
I finally went for the first time on New Year's Eve. Sauntering in in my fancy NYE attire, I sat down at a small table and ordered a Cyclops burger. The waitress asked how I wanted my egg and I said "Cooked?" She told me "No no - you don't want a scrambled egg on top of your burger. Get it over easy. Trust me." So I did. There was no turning back. When my burger appeared, there was a delicious fried egg on top with delectable looking bacon peering seductively out at me from underneath. On first bite, the yolk broke, blending - NAY - melding in the warm, delicious, perfectly medium burger sandwiched between two lightly toasted brioche buns. I was in heaven. If the clock had struck midnight and the world ended that evening, at least I would have died knowing I had just sampled the best burger I'd ever tasted. 
Fries are huge and hand cut, made in house. If you're with a friend, get one to share. There's plenty to go around! Try the aioli for the dipping sauce - you won't be disappointed. PS: They have stuff other than burgers and they also cater to all your hipster vegan friends as well - plus desserts! 
Oh, and can we talk about the decor? Bring your art school skills (or your Draw Something skills) to a real piece of paper: construction paper & crayons & markers are provided at each table so you can be a Burger Picasso. And I mean, come on, who doesn't effing love coloring!? 
Subsequent visits (Once to go, once to eat in just last week) have tried to get me to steer clear from the Cyclops and try something new, but I just can't do it. Me + Cyclops Burger = BBFFL (Best Burger Friends For Life).This place is fantastic. The women that is the server is so nice and sweet and makes it a pleasure to dine in. Next, the food is amazing. One of the best burgers in the city for sure. The fries are really good as well. When I went in for a dinner and they had a special of pulled pork on biscuits which was absolutely amazing. I will always go back here for really good burgers and service.How do I love thee?  Let me count the ways.
I love thee to depth and breadth and height 
Your swiss and bbq burger can reach, when feeling already full
For the ends of my stomach and tastebuds.
I love thee to the level of everyday's
Most quiet need for your creamy, peppery macaroni and cheese, by sun and candle-light.
I love thee freely, as (wo)men strive for Right milkshake thickness;
I love thee purely, as you turn from soggy french fries.
I love thee with a passion for drawing put to use
In your colorful crayons and paper.
I love thee with a love I seemed to lose
With my dissatisfaction in other Philly burger joints --- I love thee with the dollars,
Quarters and nickels of my entire college loan! --- and, if God choose,
I shall love thee better after graduating and moving out of town.Sketchy **hehe** but delicious. It has a slightly uncomfortable atmosphere, typical for the area, but the lady was really nice. The burger makes up for every indiscretion. Perfectly cooked, large sized patty that tasted like the cheese was soaking into it with all the juices, yum. Bunch of fresh veggies, went with the chipotle sauce, was like a very light jalapeño mayo and provided a solid kick and smoothed it all out. Instantly on my top 5 list for taste. This is a 5 star burger, hands down. Not cheap, 9$ with cheese. Overall I'd give the place a 4/5 only because of the price and I felt a little creeped out, by like I said, amazing burger.Great burgers and fries. The pork and biscuits is next level. Fully recommend it.
The shakes are also great. Hard to think of something bad about this place, though there isn't a lot of seating. That's not really worth docking points though, so I have given them the full amount. 
I recommend the Kobe burger with the Cyclops treatment and the wasabi sauce on fries.I agree with most of the reviews I read.  We got great service because we must have hit them at a slow time, although there seemed to be a lot of takeout orders happening.  I enjoyed the thick cut fries with the dipping sauces (garlic aoli and chipotle mayo).  The burger was big and very fresh tasting.  My only issue is the burger temp explanation.  We were told medium was pink all the way through and med well was a little pick in the middle.  I'm usually a med rare guy but went with medium based on that explanation.  There was not a hint of pink in my burger.
Otherwise, still a really good burger and good value considering the prices you see elsewhere.Such a cute spot to have delicious burgers!Had to wait in line to get a table though, but was worth it! The walls are filled with customers' doodles so waiting for the food is never an issue! Green chili cheese fries and sweet potato fries are the bomb. Burgers are just as amazing!! A definite "must visit" place. 4 stars because the place could be a little less crammed & they only take cash.Ducked in here before a show at Kung Fu Necktie in early November 2015.
I think my expectations were a little too high for this place. I wanted it to be akin to my burger faves, like Edzo's or Kuma's in Chicago. What I got instead was a passable/pretty good burger, with toppings like cheese costing extra, for around 8-10 bucks/person. I got the regular burger, my partner got the turkey burger. As I said before - pretty good, but nothing world beating. They have good looking shakes as well, though we didn't opt for them this time. 
Fries and BBQ dipping sauce were rather delicious, I will say.
For the price, it's about the same as Shake Shack. I think I would rather have Shake Shack 7 times out of 10, though I will grant that Sketch does have more variety and personality than the cold metal tray land of the Shack.This is the best burger I've had in Philly.  What's good:  Truffle butter burger w/ bacon and cheese cooked medium rare, harissa aioli on the side.  Green Chili cheese fries.   Yea it's 20 bucks but it's the best damn 20 bucks you'll spend on a burger and fries in Philly.  And you don't even need to dress it up with a piece of foie gras.Huge burgers, awesome homemade fries, sauces, and atmosphere!This was my first, and last, visit to Sketch Burger. I kept hearing super great things about this place, so I decided to give it a try. The service was terrible, the staff unpleasant, and the food not that great. 
I ordered a turkey burger that had not an ounce of flavor whatsoever. I really could have eaten cardboard with more flavor. The chipotle mayo had no hint of chipotle spice or smokiness or anything at all. I think it may have just been colored mayo honestly. The bun was super greasy too.
My fiance got a beef burger that was supposed to be medium rare and was closer to medium or well. He said it was ok.
The fries were pretty decent, but for being a spectacular burger joint, I wasn't impressed.
Also, for two burgers, fries and iced teas, the bill was $30. That's outrageous. If you're looking for a good burger in the Fishtown-ish area, just go to PYT. That's where I wish we had gone instead.I swear, this place gets better and better.  I felt kind of guilty for exaggerating how much better the sketch burgers are compared to anywhere else in the city because I've been raving about em.  
I decided to go for another today and damn, every bite was a mouth orgasm.  The fries must be in truffle oil since they're so SO rich and good.
I love this place.The turkey burgers are out of this world! Although it was a little cluttered, the meal made up for it!Delicious. Burger and fries were cooked perfectly. The staff were very nice. Their garlic Aoli is amazing.I am not thrilled with the level of quality in what appears to be a personalized burger spot with a hip vibe. The burgers are greasy, fall apart in your hands, and are overpowered by enticing sauces that get lost in the messiness of the burger itself. Now I don't tend to shy away from menu options that could potentially be quite a mess to consume, however when your fries and reputation are greater than you are, maybe it's time to rethink the concept?Best burger in Philly. This is the type of place you come, and spend your money. It's not expensive, but don't come here on a budget. Get everything and spend the money. Get the kobe beef burger. With the truffle butter. With the bacon. With the avocado. All that is only like $17, which is a crazy deal for what the quality is. So good.
Also, their shakes are out of this world. $5 a shake, one size. Worth it. You can split it with someone, its big. So rich and good.
Get the burger I said, and a oreo shake, and you will literally be high off of food. Like better than a food coma. Their food had me high. It is dope--literally.
Only downside is their service has been kinda slow all 3 times I've been--but the food is so good that I don't give a crap. Eat here.oh sketch burger:
 your huge (and awesome) vegan burger and your delicious fries make me very very happy--and full.  the vegan milkshake is pretty decent (although a bit pricey.)  it's although i couldn't eat at sketch everyday, for fear of gaining a million pounds, it's perfect as a comfort food sort of treat. in my head, walking to sketch instead of driving might help offset some of the calories, but that's probably wishful thinking..Food is delicious! Milkshakes in the winter! The seitan sandwich and veggie burger are amazing as are the Mac and cheese and truffle burger (super super rich). Unfortunately the service is often horrible. They are generally understaffed on the weekends and the woman who is always there is super frazzled and really rude. My roommate just called and asked for the specials and she gave him attitude. If they updated their Facebook regularly then a call would not be necessary. She also gets really annoyed at you easily if you have a question or need anything other than what she gives you when you eat in. My friends and I  Would eat here way more if she didn't make you feel stressed out and nervous that she was going to flip out if you say the wrong thing. The rest of the employees have been great. If the food didn't rock we would never go based on service. I will say she is better when it's slow, I wish they could have other people work there during peak hours.Okay...let me start by saying that I've been bugging my bf to take me here after seeing it on the best burger list from CBS news and after a whole week we finally had the time. 
First lets start with staff and service. The staff was definitely understaffed for the amount of volume of orders they had. With so many options of sauces, burgers and sides and being it was my first time there I felt rushed when placing my order.
Second is the burger: Okay so I read reviews after reviews and everyone mentioned that the Cyclops Burger was a must try so of course we had to try the most famous burger. And I was not impressed. It wasn't bad but nothing special either. And at $8.95 I felt like I could of made a better burger at home. 
The second burger that my bf and I ordered was the Beef Burger that costed $6.95 and $1.00 extra because I wanted cheese. I must admit that the burger was big but sometimes bigger and more isn't better. It was very dry and for the amount of meat there was just not enough cheese.  After paying almost 8-9 dollars for a burger and taking only two bites I'm highly disappointed.
Third is the Belgium Fries. Now I'm definitely a fries type of girl. I can eat fries everyday and still crave for it the next. And on most occasion cold fries are still appealing to me but the fries here were not only cold and not cooked fresh according to orders but they were hard. And at $5.50 for an order of cheese fries I really am disappointed. 
Altogether, my take out dinner for two was about $30.00. Which isn't bad but I wished I had picked a different spot because after only taking two bites out of my burger I had to go fill my stomach with something more appeasing. I will not be back for a second try and only giving two stars for the look and feel of the business and because I'm a fan of small businesses. These burgers are definitely not the best in Philly in my opinion.You will never be able to convince me that I can find a better burger.
I first went to Sketch Burger about a year ago when I saw how high of a Zagat rating it had. I was skeptical of a burger joint in the Fishtown area, but I went anyway. Best food decision of the last year!
I've been back to this place about dozen times and every time I try something new. They update their specials menu often, so you always have new choices. The burgers are mouth-drippingly good, cooked perfectly, and have just enough options not to be overwhelming. Sweet potato fries are excellent. Milkshakes are pretty good as well (although I like mine a little more liquid-y than they serve em).
The service is very good, not perfect, but definitely very good for a place like this. Locals flock to this burger joint and it's a perfect place to grab a bite to eat, stave off a hangover, or BYO for an early start to your night.
Despite not having perfect decor or service, I can't give less than 5 stars because the food is THAT good. I crave this place.Awesome burger! Very good service! The burger was huge and very flavorful! Had a working lunch and server was very accommodating as I had my daughter in tow.   This is really a "no frills" kinda of place and I really like that! Just good and fresh food with a smile! What more can you ask for?Their hospitality was great. The place is cozy & chill. The food was really good. I had the loaded fries and they're yummy and plentiful. Serves 3-4 easy. The burgers were delicious. A must try.I've eaten a lot of burgers both in this neighborhood and around the country but this is with about a doubt my favorite burger. I dont know how they do it but they continue to amaze me each time. 
The fries are killer. better than the swanky NYC places that only sell fries. 
I'm not a huge fan of milkshakes in general but this ones are worth it. 
baked goods should open their own shop cuz they sell themselves 
All the customer drawings that litter the walls make for fun each visit. get it "sketch"?
If you haven't been here yet, decision made, get off your phone and get fat with this burgers
*awesome veggie/vegan options*Incredible burgers cooked precisely as ordered.  Great selection of options (sauces, toppings, meat-or-non-meat burgers), and very reasonably priced.  Good selections from start to finish from starters to desserts for carnivores and vegans alike (and everyone in between).  
We all ordered sirloin beef burgers, and it was freshly made, cooked (mid-rare!) as ordered, and portioned with the perfect balance of lettuce and tomato.  Toppings were good (the cheddar was sharp, the bacon crisp), with one exception: the bleu cheese was not very flavorful, and (contrary to expectations) appeared to have been a slice of bleu cheese.  Odd, but perhaps it simply melted?  Either way, it was a strange thing to not be able to taste one of the strongest cheeses imaginable.  Everything else was great, however.
Staff were polite, attentive, and more than happy to chide you (gently but appropriately) for ordering a burger well done.  
The restaurant itself is quite small, but still unique and charming in its own way.  There's plenty of space - so you won't feel cramped.
Sketch succeeds in that they serve damned good food at decent prices in an environment that is fun and welcoming.  More restaurants (another local burger joint that fancies itself a Pretty Young Thing comes to mind) should look to Sketch when they want to see how a business that wants customers to come back should be run.
We will definitely be back.Question:  You are a first class carnivore, but your bleeding heart, out to save the world, rabbit food loving best friend is a vegetarian or even worse, a VEGAN!!! Where on earth will you be able to get a delicious bacon cheeseburger and milkshake while still allowing your tree-hugging companion to indulge in a bit of hedonism themselves? 
Answer: Sketch
The burgers are huge and delicious with so many ways to customize. All sauces are vegan friendly and you can get your shakes made moo juice or with soymilk. Yum!!!
*The only downer about Sketch is that it's really expensive. I try to limit my visits because I can't really justify paying a $1/pc per topping, but when I do go, it's worth every penny.I love this place!  The service, while a bit slow (they only have one cook), is otherwise excellent: the waitress is friendly, funny, and attentive. They make the best veggie burger I've ever had in my life! Their empanadas, particularly any that have homini or guava, are to die for. And they make a rose-flavored milkshake that is heavenly. I'm only taking a star off for the slow device and their desserts (the desserts are just alright). Otherwise, I love, love, love this place!Burgers were great! Had the Cyclopes burger, Bacon, Egg, and cheese. Big burger extremely filling, also split the Dr. Pepper pulled pork. Some of the best pulled pork I have had! Fries were good however extremely heavy seasoning.Great little burger joint. The Sketches on the wall add to the warm feel of this place. Hidden but well knew gem in Philly. I had a excellent Cyclops Burger. The sweet potato fries were tasty too. Try and enjoy for yourself.
Did I mention I had a Chocolate shake too :-)Came here one night around 5:30 and the place was empty. At first sight, the artwork on the wall is amazing. I wasn't feeling too hungry so I split a cyclops buger and a order of mac and cheese. Now the burger looked huge and was full of flavor. My only complaint was that it was really greasy and was a bit hard to eat. But the egg, cheese, and bacon was awesome. I wish burger joints could put a fried egg on their burgers and the bacon was the best I ever had. As for the mac and cheese, it was oily and not much cheese. I would not order it again. Would I come back to this place for their burgers, YES and I would try their milkshakes.I went to Sketch with my boyfriend on a Friday night and was not super impressed.
We walked in and weren't quite sure what the deal was, since there was not a hostess and no one reallly knew what was going on.  We ended up waiting bout a half an hour to be seated, which was understandable - it was a Friday night, afterall.  
Once we sat down, we ordered fries and it took about 25 minutes for the fries to come out.  In fact, a group who ordered fries a few minutes after us received their fries first.  At about the twenty minute mark, when we asked our waitress about the fries, she kinda rolled her eyes and gave us a little 'tude....the waitress seemed really busy but we asked nicely so I'm not sure why we got the attitude. But when the fries came out they were really good, especially with the chipotle sauce.
About 15 minutes later, the burgers came out.  The BF ordered some sort of a cheeseburger and loved it.  I got the turkey/cheddar/avocado/mushroom/onion/aoil burger.  The burger was OK, but Sketch forgot about my mushrooms, and by that point I was so hungry that I didn't care too much.  The turkey was a little on the dry side, even for a turkey burger. My burger was OK, but nothing to write home about.  I wish I would have tried the beef burger, since that's what Sketch is known for.
The BF ordered a peanut butter milkshake, which was pretty good. I may have had some too :-)
Bill came out to be $35ish, which was a little higher than I expected.
Overall, 3 stars, because the burger wasn't super impressive, and because the wait time was ridiculously long.  I do give this place props for letting customers completely customize their burger, but do wish they had more toppings.so uhhh i walked in w/ my wife around 4 PM after a looong day in PHL. we were in the general area to visit a friend who opened a storefront down the street. our intent was to take a look at the menu so we could get some stuff to go. there were a couple customers standing there. some woman behind the little counter starts talking and looking up, then away from us, then at us...all over the place. she is saying something about some table and we're not sure if she's trying to communicate to us or what. speed talking, google eyes, the whole bit. so finally, i ask her if she's talking to me and she confirms. she was assuming we were taking a table and someone was waiting for it? i still have no clue what she was talking about. i said we were simply looking at the menu to order some food to go and she said it would be 45 minutes and they are busy. we noticed it was cash only and we had just enough cash on us to probably make it work but at that point, it was just too weird on top of the prospective 45 minute wait, haha, so we left.
one of the guys who was inside w/ us mentioned to go down the street to kraftwork and i'm glad we did. everyone there knew how to communicate clearly, was attentive, respectful and the food was awesome.I ordered a calypso burger here awhile back. Something I make at home often since. The food was good, but as far as accommodating my dairy allergy goes, I had to walk to the corner store and buy a loaf of bread to put my burger on, because they didn't have a dairy-free roll. If they were more allergy friendly, I would definitely go back.This place is hit and miss. If the owner is there, you'll get a great burger and fries. Otherwise, you'll probably end up with a meal that's overdone and flavorless.Walked in at 8:45 pm and am greeted with "Sorry we're closed".  Really?  Can't prepare a burger in 5 min?  Don't even offer something to go?  God forbid you stay open an extra 10 minutes, guess that's typical Fishtown life for you though.  I must be too used to being in a work environment where you get the job done even if it takes you a bit longer than expected.
This was our first and last time at this place.  You can't have that kind of service with the numerous excellent restaurants within a short walk of this place that oh, by the way, are open later than 9 pm.  Major fail, I'll gladly stroll to Kraftwork, where I'll undoubtedly have a better meal anyway.Best (and one of the largest!) burgers in Philly! Tons of topping choices.Finally I made it to Sketch and it was worth the wait and more than lived up to the hype. I have tried to hit all the big burger places in the city and my favorite is still Shake Shack but Sketch is a really really really close 2nd. The place is tiny, doesn't take CC, and has sketches all over the wall and some of them are really good, funny, and witty. Sat at the table and ordered an American Kobe burger cooked medium rare with cheddar cheese, lettuce, tomato, mushrooms, onions, and bacon (I would have added avocado but they were out). Also got a large side of fries with wasabi sauce. The burger was ridiculously good, juicy and messy as hell which is how it should be. It was cooked perfectly and it was gone in no time. The fries were awesome and the wasabi sauce was perfect with it. Ended the meal with a cookies-n-cream milkshake which was awesome, now that I live about 1/2 a mile from this place this will be my go-to on the weekends when I am too lazy to go into the city for Shake Shack, thank you Sketch you are my hero.once my boyfriend suggested getting dinner here before hitting up a show at JB's this past thursday nite, it was all i could think about. he had raved about his previous experiences there, and the reviews i read only helped to solidify my craving. sketch had a lot to live up to...and did not disappoint!
i went with the seitan sandwich special which featured chunks of seitan grilled up with onions, cabbage, roasted red peppers, green peppers and tomato on a ginormous bun. you have your choice of 4 sauces (harissa aioli, chipotle, wasabi or goddess)* i opted for the chipotle - an excellent choice, in my opinion, to add a sweet little kick without overwhelming the flavor. 
bf got the turkey burger topped with pepperjack cheese, grilled onions, avocado and the chipotle sauce. all toppings (except lettuce, tomato & sauce) are $1 extra. kinda steep, but in total, his burger came out to be $10 which he said was competitive with any other comparable burger he's had in philly.
baskets of fresh-cut fries on other tables looked so enticing that we ended up getting one of our own for an extra $4. i'm not one to order fries, and these (served with a side of the wasabi sauce) thankfully tasted just as fresh and yummy as they looked. we also eyed up a massive plate of mac n cheese, but that, as well as the milkshakes, will have to wait for our next visit.
* note: much to my bf's dismay, the [apparently delicious] thai chili peanut sauce is no longer available.