Great spot. Spicy here is spicy... be careful... but definitely enjoyed the spicy fish. We also did the fried wontons, good but nothing crazy special, and a rice noodle dish with pork. All was delicious. There were six in our party and the bill was 42 bucks. We brought a couple bottles of wine and after tip had a great authentic dinner for under 10 bucks each.
Most importantly the service was great.  Accomodating the two vegetarians in our group was only possible with the waiters help. They also were able to seat us, as they asked another party of three to move to a smaller table so two tables could be put together. 
A great experience for our entire party.GO HERE NOW.
I highly suggest ordering the Mie BBQ Pork.  The BBQ pork tastes just like my mom's and that's what I like most about it.   Along with the pork came some fried wontons (different than the appetizer version for its smaller size and meat portions, fyi).  The noodles have a different texture than that of regular ramen noodles, and they were definitely tasty.  This all came with a side of soup and it can either be poured into the noodles or eaten separately.  
Service is pretty good and quick.  The boyfriend and I arrived just when they opened for the day, but our appetizers and mie didn't take long to come out.  
On another note, parking is tough to find around these types of places.  We were lucky to find free parking right in front, but I'm sure that's not the case all of the time.  I'd say be patient in finding a parking spot because this place is worth it!  Can't wait to try the other items!A new Indonesian restaurant established in the heart of South Philly with the touch of Medan taste. Sky Cafe has a small menu with popular dishes. The restaurant can seat about 30 people, so if you show up for lunch on a weekend, plan on waiting for a few minutes. Otherwise, great food and prices.We have been on sort of on an impromptu tour of Philadelphia's Indonesian restaurants as of late with Hardena and Indonesia. 
I am amazed with yelp and without yelp I would not know that some of these restaurants even exist. On Saturday we were on our way to try a Cambodian restaurant that is highly rated on yelp, the  Khmer Kitchen. Unfortunately, when we got there the place was tiny and packed without an open table. So we will have to try Khmer Kitchen some other night and we drove a little way more to Sky Cafe.
South Philly really makes me glad I live in the suburbs. The streets are narrow and cars are parked every where and also at any angle imaginable. It is daunting. After a few laps around the block I was lucky and found a spot that did not test my city parking skills too much. 
Sky Cafe is located on a corner. The place is not big, it probably holds about 25 people and the tables are tight. It is fairly modern, simple and clean. The staff is very good and attentive. The bathroom is tiny.
There were 5 people in my group. We definitely over ordered. We had 2 orders of Satay, 2 orders of spring rolls, Nasi Lemak Rendang, Nasi Pecel Ayam, Fried Tofu, Kari Bihun, and two other dishes. All of this came to just under $60.00. We could have come in at under $50.00 if we did not over order! The Satay, Spring Rolls and Fried Tofu were excellent. The spicy peanut sauce for the satay had just the right amount of peanuts and chili. The rest of the dishes were also good, sort of like Indonesia home cooking. The prices are very reasonable for the quality of food.
Sky Cafe was pretty crowded on a Saturday night. A lot of Indonesian people were there and a few yelpers. Service is very fast. Definitely worth a visit if your in the area and like South East Asian food. 
The Sky Cafe is CASH only, and as mentioned parking can be a bit of an effort. Be prepared.I am in love with Sky Cafe! This is my third visit in two weeks. The Nasi Ikan Balado (spicy fish rice platter) is heaven on earth. I feel very fortunate to have such an incredible cafe right down the street.Great little Indonesian restaurant near Cacias bakery on corner of Ritner & 16th. There is a sign inside warning not to park in front of Cacias. Mostly Indonesian clientele. Food was really good and came out fast. Menu is divided into noodle(w/ broth or stir-fried), rice dishes, a few starters and sides.Good service, though we had to ask for a pot of tea.
The chicken in the satay was well seasoned and grilled in a nicely flavored peanut sauce studded w/ cucumbers. The fried tempeh was light and crispy; the accompanying dipping sauce- spicy & fishy..My  Nasi Lemak Ayam Goreng was good. The coconut rice was great and made a nice combo mixed with the crispy  fried things and the two sambals.  The hard boiled egg  had a fiery, but flavorful sambal  on top which made for a nice surprise.Pickled veg was very nice. Chicken was a bit disappointing. You get a choice of breast or thigh. My breast was tiny/ w wing attached. Kinda crispy, but a bit dry and not much meat and a bit of a strange flavor.Shouda got the Beef rendang which my friend got and liked a lot.
Definitely worth checking out. Much more varied menu and  more upscale than Hardena. Definitely looking forward to returning soon.Love this place. Incredibly reasonable. Dinner for 5 was less than $60. The staff are super nice and very accommodating.Amazing food for amazing value. Wonderful blend of flavors, very friendly family run restaurant. If you want some amazing food at a great price look no further.My husband's cousins LOVE Indonesian cuisine (they've lived and traveled all over Asia), and the moment they discovered Sky Cafe they were in love and insisted that we check this neighborhood gem out. We finally went this past weekend, and I have to say that I'm a bit of a fan of this street food-slinging place. 
The type of food that they offer is typically considered street food, which may explain the super cheap prices, but the quality is above what you find from your typical street vendor (and plated much more nicely of course). We both got two of their rice dishes, which are composed of small servings of various toppings with your chosen 'main' component (mine was curried veggies, his beef) that you then mix all together. When they say spicy, they mean it! The hard boiled egg was COVERED in chili paste, and the curried veggies had some kick to them too! I loved it, but my hubby was sweatin' a bit from the heat. Between the yummy food, and the seriously cheap prices (mine was $4!!! His only $7!!), you can't go wrong at this small, friendly joint. Wish it was closer to our apartment and not so far south!For the last few year I thought this place, judging solely from the exterior, was just a dilapidated coffee shop or a junky convenience store. Turns out, it's actually an Indonesian restaurant. 
Inside you can see that the owners spared almost no expense in decor or lighting. By that I mean - they spent next to nothing. If you're expecting ambiance, don't. As with most spots like this, the focus is strictly on the food; not so much the quality, but more about that they have some. 
I had the salted fish and rice - it was very good and I would order it again. My wife ordered a soup of some sort and she enjoyed it. We also had an order of spring rolls. Total bill before including tip: $18.
We'll be back.All the food is just Ahhh- mazing!! Service was ok. They're lack of staff. But its ok as so far tahu telor still the best! Wish i live in phily so i can go there evrydaySky Cafe has now become a regular Sunday outing and it is better every single time I go. Normally I love having a "secret" restaurant, but the whole experience of eating there is so positive that I just want everybody to have the opportunity to eat there and have the lovely family that owns it do well.
The noodle soups are absolutely to die for. I ate the barbecued pork noodle soup today (N4) because I had been thinking about it since LAST Sunday when I went there. The egg noodles are great and made in house. The vegetables are fresh. I eat the wontons last because they soak up the broth and are even better at the end than they were at the beginning. The coconut rice is a delicious side and has the perfect amount of sweetness to it. I tasted everyone else's meals as well (including a pork platter which comes with an absolute TON of food, and a coconut based chicken soup) and one thing was better than the next. The tea is great. Water is always full. Not to mention all of the food I just listed, a huge lunch for 3, came to a grand total of $19.
If the great food, atmosphere, and prices weren't enough - the family that owns it is completely fantastic. A brother and sister do the serving and know every single customer's name after only asking once (and in my case - they never asked at all, I just came in one day and they said "Hi Jessica"). They are warm and friendly and really make the restaurant.
Please, everyone go to Sky Cafe for a dining experience that is what you wish all dining experiences were like.Everything here is delish..I was catering with them once..but now they aren't do it no more..it used to be $7 and they delivered to your house everyday..around south philly..next time you come here try the crab noddle..and satay padang/beef tongue bbq on skewer ;)I walked by this so many times, yet always thought it was a coffee house. Yeah, so, uh, ... wrong.
I was turned on to Sky Cafe by an acquaintance who RAVED about it. Our first trip was a small group b-day dinner. The 3 of us had a 4 top COVERED in copious amounts of grub. We ate likes pigs, and still couldn't finish all of it. The bill was under $40.
I get take out almost weekly from here. My absolute favorite is Mie Komplit. Like somebody else mentioned, beware of the red sauce. I eat a LOT of hot/spicy & occasionally, the red will clear your sinuses.Yum yum- will be back.
There is one waiter but he is efficient and fast. I never had to ask for water and had my glass refilled 5 times.
We shared the wontons, which were handmade and delicious.
They were savory and had a sweet, tangy dipping sauce.
I got the Mie Belacan: Shrimp Paste Egg Noodle. It was spicier than I'd like, but not unbearable. Had shrimp and squid in it. The waiter warned me that it was smelly bc of the shrimp paste, but I liked it.
My friend had the Mie Komplit: Combination Homemade Egg Noodles. The broth comes on the side so she just ate it dry, like a plate of noodles.I always like to try any restaurants from other part of the world. A friend of mine recommend me to this Indonesian restaurant. It is a small restaurant. I ordered fried chicken and the green spicy sauce. It was delicious !!!!. The taste is just right. But for people that can't take spicy food, be ware, better to order something else. The service is great, the boy waitress was very friendly and the food came out quick. Definitely will coming back, I plan to try all their menu in a lot of my future visit.Wonderful little find in South Philly. The staff was very pleasant. The place was almost full on a Saturday late in the afternoon.
The dishes we ordered were really good.Go get their Nasi Uduk Special! Or their Nasi Uduk Pecel Lele!
Located at the corner of 16th and Ritner St, Sky Cafe is a cozy small cafe with good food and get-you-in-the-mood music. Their food price range are in the low side. Cheap and affordable. But their food taste and quality, easily one of the best out there. It is cash only and they do deliver now.
This is also one of the best Indonesian restaurant in Philadelphia area.
The only down side is that they close at 8pm..Friend wontons, spring rolls, Mie Complit, the Sky Pork Rice platter and a Vietnamese style iced coffee was a little more than $22 and my friend and I walked out stuffed and happy!  Places like this still exist!  ^_____^
Terima kasih, Sky crew!It was a Friday night and traffic was horrible driving into the city, but I had my mind set on trying Sky Cafe and would not have it any other way. I had been wanting to try Sky Cafe for the past week and finally found the time to venture the 15 miles into the city. After sitting in traffic for nearly an hour, we arrived at Sky Cafe- starving. 
Luckily, I had done my Yelp research early in the week and already knew what I wanted to order- Kari Bihun, or dish "N13". As determined as I was to try N13, I was almost tempted to change my order because the guy sitting at the table next to us was devouring a dish that looked very appetizing. Since we couldn't make up our minds, we decided to order 3 dishes- Kari Bihun, Mie BBQ Pork, and Soto Medan w/ an order of fried dough. Our original plan was to take our leftovers to-go, but everything was soooooooo good that we couldn't stop eating... 
As much as we ate and as full as we were, our bill ended up being only $21.  How could three dishes, an order of fried dough and an order of coffee only cost $21?!  We left a fairly generous tip not only because of the friendly service, but also because we thought that maybe they miscalculated the bill. While we sat in traffic on the way home and wished we lived closer, it was decided that the drive out to Sky Cafe was totally worth it.Dear Craig LaBan,
I just wanted to thank you for reviewing this place in the Inquirer and bringing a tsunami of old yuppies and their fancy BYO wines into this restaurant. In the past few weeks since your review, it has become near impossible to get a seat at one of my favorite spots in Philly. Why, just yesterday we walked into a packed restaurant at around 7:45, and our server friend apologetically discouraged us from waiting, telling us that it would be quite a while. He even discouraged us from getting takeout, saying that would probably be awhile as well, and they were out of a lot of things. 
Thanks to you, the secret is out. This is all your fault. In the future, please refrain from reading my Yelp reviews and exposing my secret places. They are reserved for my fellow Yelpers only, not your Inquirer readers. 
Sincerely,
Melissa W.
P.S. While I am quite upset with you, I'm glad that Sky Cafe is getting the business they deserve. I guess I'll have to start making reservations at my favorite Philly eatery.Tiny Indonesian restaurant on Ritner.  My sister used to live around the corner, and I am ticked that we never went when she lived there.  We could have been eating this food so often!
I had the Nasi Lemak Rendang (coconut rice with beef rendang, spicy egg, anchovy, and assorted pickles).  I made use of the home made hot sauce.  This dish is terrific! I ended up mixing everything on the plate together, as all of the tastes and textures go so well together.  There are so many flavors going on in this dish, I could eat this over and over and not get bored with it.
Also tried the Soto Medan (coconut milk with shredded chicken, potato patties, bean sprout, fried vermicelli).  This was also served with coconut rice.  Delicious flavor to the thinner curry broth.
The food here is priced below what I would pay for it.  While there are smaller plates, they are filling.  I will be back, this is the type of place where I want to try everything on the menu.I've been wanting to try this place for quite some time given the stellar yelp reviews. After finally squeaking through the door last night just before 8 pm, I can now say I agree with its good reputation! It is truly a gem in the neighborhood. I love that it is BYOB. At ~6.50 a plate, Sky Cafe boasts street food prices, but the dining area is nicer than I expected given the cheap prices: it's clean, comfortable, and well-decorated. Although my friend had to take my order over the phone at 7:45 as I rushed there before closing, the waiter was patient and excellent at recommending a vegetarian dish I would enjoy. He was very helpful and polite and he never made us feel rushed.
Now, on to the food. Everything was fresh and arrived speedily to the table. My friends both got the Mie Kepiting (homemade egg noodles with crab meat). The noodles were phenomenal; a delightful and unique combination of texture and flavor. The noodles and crab meat are in one bowl, and the broth is served on the side, so you can pour it in to suit your ideal ratio of noodles: broth. I got the Nasi Urap with what were described to me as "stinky beans" (I did not find them very stinky at all, which is a good thing). The beans came in a rich, spicy, coconutty sauce that I absolutely adored. The plate came with a nest of assorted crispy fried vegetables, which complimented the texture of the beans and rice perfectly. I was a little disappointed there were not more vegetarian items on the menu, considering the many vegan options available at other Indonesian restaurants in the area, but apparently they can make several dishes to order, so I would love to come back and try a vegetarian version of the noodles if they have it.
I'm so glad I finally tried this place! I'll be back for sure.If this place was next door to me, I'd weigh 400 pounds. Great Indonesian food. Great prices too. We usually get two appetizers, two rice or noodle bowls and two coffees for well under $30. It's such a steal. The food is delicious. And for two people that regularly spend $120+ on brunch, eating here is nice for a change of pace for us.Cheap, delicious Indonesian food that is easy on the pocketbook.
You know an Indonesian restaurant is truly legit when 2/3 of the customers eating there are Indonesians and nothing on the menu is over $6. They only had one server. However, he was speedy and extra friendly. 
The fried wontons were excellent. Real crispy on the outside, soft and flavorful inside. The #1 item on the menu, the homemade noodle dish, Mie Komplit was tasty and satisfying ($5). The noodles and soup came separately. When asked our affable server if we should pour the soup into the noodles, he answered politely and gave us his honest opinion (eat separately).  We also ordered the pork platter ($6). It came with several vegetables and different types of cooked pork. It was very palatable and enjoyable to eat.
Insanely delicious hole in the wall.Just tried Indonesian food for the first time here. Pleasantly surprised both by how familiar (N8 is basically drunken noodles) and new (N1) the food was. Both were very good especially on a gloomy day - comfort food at its finest. 
Our total came out to $16 including tip. What a deal. We'll be back!All about that N4!  Broth is so delicate!  Noodles are so chewy and perfect!  Pork roasted to perfection!  I eat here via delivery, take-out, and eat-in.  Waiters and delivery drivers are sweet as pie too.Sky Cafe is right across the street from my favorite pastry bakery, Potito's, but I only noticed the sign recently. When one thinks of 16th and Ritner Sts. Indonesian food doesn't spring to mind, but Sky Cafe is excellent. (Don't let the blind drawn over the door window deter you, go in!) The food is spicy, delicious, plentiful, and cheap! My wife and I went there for dinner tonight and two entrees, wonton soup, salad, and some passion fruit nectar was $23! Service was excellent, too. They will make dishes to order, so vegetarians needn't worry. I'd give this place 4 1/2 stars, if I could. 
I hope they add delivery in the near future.My girlfriend and I went to eat here she was there a few times. Small friendly in the neighborhood to locals. For it's size they were busy with takeout dining in. The staff friendly authentic Indonesian food. Spicy dishes tasty new for me but liked it all great prices would recommend if you can find it lol, parking is tough but worth it. Enjoy.....don't take credit cards bring cash.Their Chinese Sausage are delicious!  Portions are a bit small, but it is priced pretty cheap for great tasting food.  I wish they have bigger portions.. but hey, since it is cheap.. go order more food!Sky Cafe, I'm so sad that I'm moving away and leaving you. 
I came here on Saturday with my sister and it was like being transported back to Medan, Indonesia. We were the only non-Indonesians in the place. 
You MUST get the sate ayam (chicken sate), and the kwetiau goreng (fried noodles). Both taste just like the food that I used to eat in Indonesia. Sitting in the restaurant and listening to the bahasa Indonesia and stuffing myself with Indonesian food was definitely the highlight of my weekend. 
I also love how affordable this place is. Lunch for two came to $12.Sky cafe never failed to please my appetite. 
While other Indonesian's eatery around south Philly starting to decrease their quality, sky cafe has successfully to remain the same.
I hope they keep a good job, and stay consistent with their good food.All in all my favorite restaurant in Philly.  Great prices, great service and great food.
I recommend the spicy fishHonestly , i only give this place a 2 star because the food is great . What really upsets me is the owner/waitress . I have been eating at this restaurant ever since it has been open . The owner first was very very nice when she takes orders , serves etc . I have realized that she is only nice to other ethnicity that are not Indonesians  & her friends . She has a totally different personality when Indonesians come to eat there . For example , when someone else ask for water , she'll say oh sure , do you need anything else ? But when I ask for water , she'll just walk away , or just gives me attitude . She'll come back give me water & i'll say thank you , & she would just give me more attitude . I have noticed today when I went there , someone asked for more chilli & she screamed what?! You already asked for some ! She said it in a very rude upsetting way . But someone else that was Caucasian asked the same thing & she was glad to give it to them . I hope you read this Betty .Loved it! Other reviewers nailed it - flavorful food, casual intimate setting, attentive friendly service.
Did I say delicious food! Yum!I bookmarked Sky cafe a little while ago and finally got around to try this place yesterday evening. The place is pretty small and was pretty crowded but we got sitted right away. Our waiter was really nice and helpful. When we placed our order, he pointed out stuff that could throw us out as it was our first time trying Indonesian food. I ordered the "Mie Udang (Emie)" and my best friend ordered the "Mie Belacan" We both were very happy with what we picked as it was very tasty and had a very interesting taste. This place is very cheap given what they serve. I am excited to go back again. 
Fyi - They do not accept debit/credit cardI so wish they are closer to NJ!  Finally made my pit stop on the way down south.  They serve Chinese style Indonesian food, especially the noodle dishes.  Got the Mie Komplit #1 and pretty darn close to what I used to eat in Indo (Mie Kriting style to my fellow Indonesians).
The Pecel Lele was also good... Especially with the fried Sator and sambel.  Ayam bakar is a bit over seasoned for my taste so next time I'll just get the Ayam goreng seems like everyone ordered that.
Service is fast but not as 'ramah' (friendly) as I was expecting.  
Good luck finding parking.True neighborhood gem.  Two words to describe this place: cheap and delicious! 
I almost always order the same thing because every time I go, I keep wanting to eat it! I always order Kwetiaw Goreng, which is a combination pan fried flat rice noodles. Some people complained that their portion is small. As for me, an appetizer and the entree is just enough to fill myself up.  And plus, the entree itself is only $6.50. What more can you ask for??I give this restaurant 5 stars. I love all the food. Its taste really good. Now they have a new menu. Its called Satay. they have Chicken, Beef and Pork.. All is taste really good. I love it.....  Thanks Sky Cafe.... Thanks for making food taste great than the other Indonesian Restauant..Fresh tasty and reasonably priced. Authentic  Indonesian food. The coconut curry soup is very good and the chicken or pork noodle dishes are also homemade. This is a hidden gem.I'm indonesian and this is our go-to place for affordable, missing my mom's home cooking, meals.  I even introduced my co-workers (who never had Indonesian food) and they thoroughly enjoyed their meals.
The place is small so I usually go at off hours (late afternoons on weekends) to avoid the crowd, or do takeouts.  Parking is a street parking but i never have to spend more than 5 minutes looking for a spot.   The food comes out quick, and service is decent.
I've had most items on the menu, but my favorite are: 
* mie komplit - it really is complete.  i usually add very little of the broth
* bubur ayam (weekdays only) - similar to congee, and the official comfort food
* sky pork rice platter - delicious platter of various pork yumminess
* nasi uduk - great if you want a lighter portion, and it's only $4!
On a side note, these are still delicious, but:
* soto medan is thicker than the soto i'm used to
* satay padang medan is spicy
* lontong sayur is super spicy.  i had to take breaks to cool down my mouthTofu salad with peanut dressing and any soup, minus the fish cakes...The staff is friendly and will remember your name.  Only minus, wish the hours were extended.A hidden gem in the Girard Estates neighborhood!  Authentic, friendly, delicious and CHEAP.  Whoa is this place inexpensive.
Went with a friend on a Tuesday night - I had the Mie BBQ Pork noodle soup, which the waitress explained you can either eat "dry" (without adding the broth, which comes on the side - although the noodles are served over a savory, thick sauce at the bottom of the bowl, so i use the word "dry" with leniency) or pour the broth over.  Delicious either way, but i had wanted it to be a noodle soup so I poured a generous amount of the broth over the noodles & pork and vegetables and, oh man it was awesome.  Super filling and savory.  Broth had a great flavor, not too oily or heavy.  I added a nice-sized dollop of their house-made chili paste and - ahh, perfection.  
Dinner friend had the Nasi Lemak special with the fried chicken - also a generous portion and super tasty.  I actually didn't get a taste of this because  we also shared an order of Nasi Goreng which was hands-down our favorite dish.  Savory rice with fried egg, tons of pork and fried sausage slivers, pickled veggies, fish balls....yum so amazingly good.  We cleaned the plate on this one!  
In total, for three dishes our bill came to $18.  We couldn't believe it - how could it be so inexpensive.  But it's true - get a full, satisfied belly with some awesome Indonesian food on the cheap.  Just how it should be.I tried their Nasi Goreng / Fired rice couple months ago but it disappointed me. The rice is undercooked and it doesn't taste as I expected.
Earlier this evening, I gave another try.
It seems they added more variety to their menu.
I tried their complete or special noodle, it taste great.. more than I expected.
The price is really cheap. Now I can see they focusing more at the quality rather than the quality.
I give this 4 star.Overall: authentic, delicious and inexpensive Indonesian food.
Some context: I'm American, but have lived in Indonesia, so I'm familiar with the culture and food. Sky Cafe is an example of Chinese-influenced Indonesian cuisine. That is, this is distinctly Indonesian food, but Indonesia is a huge and extremely diverse place, and the menu at Sky Cafe tends to focus on the dishes you would encounter in a city like Jakarta where the ethnically Chinese population (~10% of the people) has had a significant influence on the local cuisine over the years. http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Chinese_Indonesian_cuisine
The food here delivers the goods. I went with a group and we ordered a bunch of dishes family style. Some of my favorites:
- Kewtiau Goreng: mmm, fried flat noodles...
- Nasi Goreng: practically the national dish of indonesia, a good starting point for anyone 
- Satay Ayam: Juicy morsels of chicken on skewers with a peanut-based sauce
- Nasi Lemak with Beef Rendang: this is actually a dish from Padang cuisine, another culinary tradition based on the island of Sumatra that is more influenced by Indian cuisine. 
- Nasi Ayam Sambal Hijau: this was an outstanding example of Indonesian fried chicken with a spicy green sambal (Indonesian chili sauce)
- Soto Medan: a coconut-broth chicken soup, this is another non-Chinese type dish, but was perhaps my favorite of the night, really savory and delicious.My girlfriend was raving about Philly Indonesian food so we finally got the chance to make the drive down the turnpike from Jersey...WOW, unbelievably glad we did!
To preface this, I have eaten at numerous Indonesian places in Queens, NY, and am a big fan of Asian comfort food (doesn't matter if it is Korean, Japanese, Chinese, Malaysian, or anything else I missed!) and have seen too many mediocre bowls of "noodles".
Not gonna lie, the area threw me off a bit.  Im not used to having to park a larger car backing into a tiny spot in a cramped street.  I felt like my mirrors were going to become the casualties of the six young kids playing ball up and down the small row.  The area was a little suspect, as we already passed over another place due to its really shady look neighborhood.  I will venture for good food any day, but sometimes instinct tells you to keep moving!
I gotta say, walking in felt like I had grown up down the block.  It just emanated that local, unpretentious, warm feeling that is lost in some of the shiny, new, plasticky restaurants I see so often in North Jersey.  10 or so tables, small staff, a refrigerator filled with desserts, and the familiar smells of the feast to come fill your senses.
We ordered fried wontons, mie komplit (#1 on noodle page), the spicy salted fish entree, and the pork combination (#18 on entrees page).  The wontons were surprisingly thin and flavorful.  Very crunchy, definitely different than the ones you usually get at a corner Chinese spot.  The mie komplit comes with egg noodles, roasted pork, and ground beef amongst some bright greens and fried onions.  You are given a separate bowl with chicken broth and some fish cake/meatballs floating playfully in it.  It's up to you to either douse your noodles into a full on soup or just enough so everything retains its separate and delicious flavors and textures.  I say drop in a little at a time, it really brings everything together in the most wonderful way.  It was warm and delicious!  
The salted fish was exactly as advertised, spicy as all hell!  Dude, these chiles are some demon reincarnate spitting hot fire onto all of your taste buds, at the same time meshing really well with what should be an overly salted piece of fried fish.  They come with some tasty sides, a deep fried or soy sauce marinated egg (both hard boiled and equally worth having), and a substantial portion of rice.  I found it a bit hellfire for my taste but my girlfriend loved it.
The combination pork platter was a trio of swine...sausage slices, pork belly, and roasted pork.  The sweet, salty, and savory combinations were on point, and the accompanying pickles, rice, eggs, and chile-potatoes are enough to leave you full and sated to the point of food coma.  I would eat this and the mie komplit as a glut-lunch with take home for dinner any day of the week.  
We ended up ordering a fried chicken entree, another mie komplit, and rice cake curry to go, as well as two delicious homemade cookie desserts...yeah we may have overdone it a bit.  All in all, one appetizer, six entrees, and two desserts...grand total of under sixty bucks!  All that damn goodness for about 7 bucks a pop!  Worth it...stop reading and go already!I'm a big fan of Sky Cafe.  I've ordered so much from them, and it is always really good.  Also, not to make it a big deal, but you should know that it always seems to be the same delivery guy and he is full of smiles and haste.  In any case, I strongly recommend that you try Sky Cafe at least once if you live in South Philadelphia.  They are very consistent, the noodle dishes in particular are great (Mie complete has lots of different tastes included like meatballs, broth, egg, wonton and soup broth.)  I don't want to dissuade you from ordering something like nasi goreng (fried rice) from here though because I really think they make it the best - the pickles in particular are awesome.  I'm going to tag on a few tips:  The wonton soup is awesome - they make their own wontons and I think they use a combination of pork and dried shrimp which yields a toothsome dumpling!  Gado gado is not on the menu, but they will make it if you ask (I get the impression from the telephone receiver that this is often).  It  is a lot better than the same dish that some of my favorite other Indonesian options in the area make.  Seriously, if you like gado-gado, they make a really good one and I do recommend it.Simply wonderful! Very courteous service. Perfect balance of coconut and hot spice. Appropriately portioned for half the price.The food is incredibly cheap here (I didn't see anything on the menu that was more than $7) and if you are looking for a restaurant that serves Indonesian food with a home-cooked flair, look no further than Sky Cafe.
Jared J and I started with the fried wontons, which were perfectly crispy and plentiful ($3 for 6 pieces). I probably could have eaten at least another plate, which brings me to my next dish, the N1, or the Mie Komplit. It came with two wontons on top, which made me very happy. This was the combo dish (~$5) and came with chicken, barbecued pork, mushrooms, and homemade noodles, plus some greens, a pickled egg (brown--maybe soy?), and chicken broth with meat and fish balls. I didn't see much chicken--but there was plenty of pork. The noodles were tasty and the egg was definitely not my jam, but there was a ton of food in the portion and I went home full!
Very tiny (one server could easily handle the restaurant, even if it's full) and very authentic--the TVs were playing an Indonesian new station.Had the best Indonesian lunch in Philly! The spiciness are perfect and match with our Indonesian tongues. 
We ordered: Beef Satay Padang )) so tender! , Fried Chicken with sambal hejo, Soto Medan, Mie Ayam with homemade noodle made us feels like at home, the Fried Dough also great when served hot (suggest: please make the special cuko sambal just like in Indo). 
We dreamed about having batagor or siomay Bandung also, could you make it as the future menus, please..? 
We wish you would open a branch with at least the same quality in NYC, soon..!Sky Cafe was my introduction to indonesian food and I must say, what an introduction. I can't say enough about how welcome I feel in this family run restaurant. From what I understand, a lot of indonesian food can be a bit on the sweet side, however, the cuisine here mostly originates in southern Indonesia (Jakarta), which tends to be a bit spicier. 
The food is very addicting. I initially explored a lot of their egg noodle soup dishes which they offer with a variety of different meat and seafood. The soto medan (coconut chicken soup) really hits the spot, very flavorful. The pork platter is a wonderful example of the indonesian treatment of spice. 
This might be south philly's best kept secret, but really shouldn't be. Check out Sky Cafe.Ever since my Indonesian friend recommended this place to me a few years ago, I've become a regular. I love 'hole in the wall' family restaurants like Sky Cafe. Everything is under $7, portions are just right, and food is very satisfying and tasty. 
The fried wontons and beef/pork satay are great. Wontons are super crispy on the outside, and soft on the inside. The sweet sauce goes very well with it. The beef and pork skewers are perfectly grilled. I eat it without the peanut sauce because I'm allergic, but my friends love it. The cucumber dices on top of the satay are a nice touch too.
My favorite dish is the Mie Komplit. It consists of egg noodles, veggies, beef & mushroom, bbq pork, marinated egg, and smaller versions of the fried wontons. It comes with a side of soup that you can pour over or drink separately (I prefer separately). It definitely hits the spot. If you prefer a (coconut) rice dish, I recommend Nasi Lemak!
I've also tried some of the curry and spicy dishes. I'm fine with Chinese and Korean spiciness, but WOW Indonesian spicy is on a whole new level! Gross but my nose starts getting runny and tears roll down my cheeks after 2 bites haha. I can't handle it, but those who have high spicy food tolerance will be very happy here!
After the meal, I usually like to buy their homemade snacks that they have stacked up on the shelves in the back. Not sure what it's called, but I love their mildly spicy, fried noodles/fish/sesame thingy. I can snack on them all day. Their thousand layered cake (lapis legit) is also good! 
It's a small place (about 7 tables), but service is quick and you usually don't have to wait more than 5-10 minutes for a seat. 
Only complaint is that I always get extremely thirsty after eating their food. That doesn't stop me from returning each time though.Love the food, good and so delicious.We drive all the way from DC and stop here for lunch..bit hard to find the place specially if u not from PA area.i'm definitely come back what ever I got the changeDelicious and so affordable!  I love going here as everything on the menu is great  and most everything is $6-8. I haven't tried anything I didn't like so far. The portions are also very reasonable.  This is a family owned restaurant and the owners are so friendly.Wow! I've NEVER eaten a food before that actually makes me happier as I eat it! But this place makes some wicked home-made egg noodles! From the outside, Sky Cafe does not look like much; in fact, it doesn't even look like a restaurant to me! But once you step inside of the corner store, you are just filled with the delicious aromas of Indonesia. Based off all of the helpful Yelp reviews, I decided to try Mie Komplit (N1 on the menu). It is there famous combination Homemade Egg Noodle Soup (the soup is actually served on the side). It consists of their homemade egg noodles, with shredded chicken, mushroom, barbeque pork (char sui), boiled egg, vegetable, 2 fried wontons, and a meat ball and fish ball served in a separate bowl of chicken broth. it's a lot of food and you get it all for $6.50!!! As I was eating, I just grew happier and happier as I ate! I don't know if it was because of the company I was with, the fun music they played in the background, or if it was those amazing home-made noodles (it was prolly the noodles) that just made me get in such a happy mood. I wish I knew about this place earlier, but I will definitely have to stop down here every time I am in Philly :D.
Pros:
- Relatively inexpensive....most plates go for around $6
- Home-made egg noodles!! You can definitely taste the difference!
- Huge portions! Made me feel really full for a loooong time (I ate at 2pm and I didn't really eat dinner that day)
Cons:
- Parking is a little tough...you either have to back-in and park or parallel park, but there are a ton of spaces around
Why I gave it a 5.....
This is authentic Indonesian food (if you removed the pork products since Indonesia is mainly a Muslim country). Wonderful home-made noodles and you could really taste the difference while eating this :D i will definitely be stopping at this shop again for another meal in the near future!!Great food and service. Try the Nasi Goreng Special and thank me later.Ok, My fellow yelpers. I giving them 5 stars based on the reviews.  After seeing all the reviews and pics of this place, I'm hoping this place is gonna be a good one. I'll let you all know how it goes when I stop in this week. Im hoping to keep the 5 stars. Crossing my fingersI had never had Indonesian food before, but was super impressed.  It is a mixture of Chinese and Thai flavors, but also unique in many ways.  It's really cheap (cash only, byob) and a bit of a hole in the wall, but totally worth the trip.  If you are adventurous, just ask them to recommend some dishes and you'll leave happy!The Nasi Lemak Ayam Goreng
"Coconut rice with fried chicken"  with the special sauces were greatIt's a very small place but the owner is very nice. 
I ordered R1 the rice platter was nice. Coconut rice is vey flavourful. I especially like the fried fish on the side and very tasty. 
For Noodle N1 is also nice. It's kinda like ramen but they put the soup on the side. Some veggie, pickled egg, fried wonton in the noodle, all tasty. I think the flavour can be stronger and a bit different from what I had in Indonesia. 
It's cheap. Each dish is $5-8 range.This was our fave restaurant until yesterday when we came to have lunch all the way from DC. They had special of Nasi Padang that came with couple dishes: chicken curry, sambal ijo, sambel goreng udang, daun papaya, and rendang. The server asked whether we wanted breast or thigh for the chicken. We ordered thigh (since he asked). Long story short, we got chicken breast instead thigh. No problem. It tasted OK eventho I prefer thigh. All other dishes were good. When we were ready to pay, we told the server who took our order that we got chicken breast instead of thigh. Not complaining, just wanted to let him know (what was the purpose of him asking what chicken we wanted, right?!?). He replied while he's pointing on our almost empty plate; 'well, too late.. You finished it all!'
I and my friends were speechless, didn't expect those kind of answer. Then we laughed, because again it wasn't a complain. But since he answered in that kind of attitude, I decided to leave a review.
The restaurant is NOT clean. If you expect them to be like 'regular' restaurant, please set your expectations lower. Their food were great. The portions are smaller than before. 
The service was 2 out of 5. I put 3 because of their food.
Would I come back? I think so. Well, I hope their portions won't be smaller than what we got yesterday .Really great find! The meals are so reasonably priced and the food was fresh. The peanut sauce was great and the sweet, almost pickled cucumber was wonderful. Also, the crab meat dish has real crab meat in it. Great value!This simple family restaurant, with its friendly and solicitous service, is a good place to satisfy one's hankering for Indonesian home-style food.  The menu covers pretty much all the standard dishes subsumed under the catch-all term "Indonesian" and is broadly divided into noodle and rice plates, some organized in the fashion of a (modest) colonial Dutch rijstafel (a style of eating that allowed for sampling food from different areas).
We started with the egg noodle dish Mie Komplit, a combination plate that included BBQ pork, shredded chicken, vegetables, and eggs (hard boiled).  Rice platters we tried included the Rendang beef platter and a combination platter of various meats and vegetables.  The noodles were nicely prepared, as was the rice, and the diverse accompaniments tasty, if of somewhat differing quality (the pork belly had been around for a while).  The soups that came with these plates had a clean but thin chicken taste.  One minor quibble I have is that the temperature of the food was not as hot as I would have liked it to be.
All this delectable eating comes at astonishingly low prices.  The tea served is hot and always quickly replenished with another pot, the ice coffee serviceable.  The attentiveness and generosity of the service must be mentioned here again, maybe that is one of the reasons, besides the home-spun food, that so many Indonesian families eat at Sky Cafe.Delicious, authentic Indonesian food. We had the kwetiau goreng and lontong sayur. Both were generous portions and brought back memories of Indonesia. Having lived in Medan, Indonesia for 9 months, I was thrilled to discover that the owners are from Medan. Definitely trying the nasi campur Medan next time!  I highly recommend this place to anyone who misses Indonesia or just wants some Indonesian food.love the catfish, cheap, grilled fish, cheap,good service!!!!!!I have only two requirements for food to be considered truly awesome: it has to be ridiculously delicious and not ridiculously expensive. Man, is this food awesome. Most dishes are $6.50 (including tax, cash only), and are quite unique. The blends of flavors and textures are just great. I had the house special noodles, which I really enjoyed. I also tried the flat noodles (kwetiaw, kind of like the drunken noodles that you get at Thai restaurants), and those were very flavorful and delicious as well. The crispy-skinned fried chicken (both spicy and non-spicy varieties) served with fragrant coconut rice looked great, as did a curry soup dish. 
It's difficult to beat the quality of food for the price here in Philly. The staff are busy but friendly, and kept our water glasses filled. We were the only non-Indonesians in the whole packed restaurant (that's how you know it's good). I'm positive that our favorite Indonesian-raised president would love this place. In fact, this place makes me wish I were Indonesian myself, so I would have an Indonesian grandmother to cook me these fantastic dishes. Do yourself a favor and visit Sky Cafe as soon as humanly possible. 
[The content of this message has not been approved or endorsed by President Barack Obama.]Awesome food made even more awesome by the family that owns it and the odd 80s pop music that they play. I got soup with chicken, mushrooms, vegetables, and dumplings and every part of it tasted perfect. Can't wait to go back and try lots of other things.Wanting to try Rendang ever since It was on CNN's world's top 10 foods, husband & I found this little Indonesian place through Yelp. We travelled 30 miles to this restaurant and I was apprehensive when we stepped in but the food blowed me away. Definitely worth the drive. We ordered Chicken Satay, Fried wonton, coconut soup, Chicken Nasi Goreng and the Beef Rendang combo (I believe its R9 on the menu) & a coconut drink. Food came out pretty fast. Satay was good & Rendang was the best. It had the color, texture, flavor & the beef was perfectly cooked & tasted awesome too. just 2 pieces on the plate weren't enough. I was craving for more already. Would order it every time i go to this place again. They accept only cash but no worries there is an ATM right opposite to the restaurant.Great food & cheap price. The only cons: they only accept cash so be prepared to bring cash. If you want to try some original authentic indonesian food, try their sop buntut (a little too much MSG for me) or mie medan (medan noodles). Recommended!Made a detour on my way to a Sixers game because of the stellar reviews for this place.  It wasn't quite as good as some of the other reviews make it out to be, but still very good.  And, frankly, Indonesian restaurants are such a rarity and the prices so reasonable that I feel compelled to give this place five stars. It's small, unpretentious, with limited seating. Service was surprisingly fast. All five dishes we had (fried wontons, mie komplit, mie kepiting, nasi lemak rendang, chicken satay) were good, though I didn't see or taste any crabmeat in the mie kepiting.  For me the surprise was the satay; I never had peanut sauce that good before. Would love to try the other dishes if we're ever back in the area. One nit as others have mentioned: Finding parking in this residential neighborhood is a challenge but not impossible.I have been here a number of times since my last review.  Every experience has been as good or better than the last.  My family and I try to order something new each time but we always get the staples, nasi goreng, Kewtiew (spelling), and the fried chicken dish.  I love every single dish that comes out of kitchen.  The service is great, the price is right, and I love how this is a family restaurant.  The breath and soul of the food is from the mom (who cooks every dish).  Weekends are busy so try to get here during the weekdays!  
Oh and I have had the beef rendang again.  It's pretty amazing. The beef was tender and the sauce was very flavorful.   You really can't go wrong with anything on this menu.I had dinner here recently and enjoyed it. That said, I think the ratings for this place are a bit inflated.
It's cheapish, somewhat greasy, and hits the spot when you're looking for some tasty noodles. It's not especially quick or memorable, at least based on my experience.
The broth for the mie komplit was the highlight of our meal and epitomized how deep and flavorful a simple broth can be. The homemade egg noodles were pretty good, but sadly the rest of the dish was just average.
Second star of the meal would have to be the flat fried noodles in the Kwetiaw Goreng. Like I mentioned at the top, they're a bit greasy, but that doesn't take away too much from their chewy goodness. I'd probably recommend this dish over the komplit, honestly. The sausage in the Kwetiaw was quite flavorful, there just wasn't much of it to enjoy.
Don't get me wrong -- I had a decent meal here and I would recommend eating here if you're in the area and not looking to spend too much cash -- just don't expect this to be that incredible hole-in-the-wall place you can't wait to come back to.We visited last night.  Hadn't been there in a while, and it's really crazy to have a gem of a restaurant like this so close to home and not go frequently.  We often miss the window because we eat dinner late on weekends, and Sky closes earlier than most.  
The entire experience here is wonderful.  The dishes and sauces are unique, and the dude who waits on us always frets over our order, afraid that we might order something we will not enjoy.  That has never happened!  
We had forgotten the amazing Sky Salad with tofu.  Immense flavor with hot spices...could probably eat it every night and not need much else.
We hesitate to tell people about this place, but at the same time we want them to do enough business to stay in business.  Go there...you will ooh and ahh at the food, and you will certainly know that you have found one of the great food values in the city.I'm so glad that this is in my neighborhood. Definitely one of the best Indonesian food I have ever had. I have never dined in mostly because I haven't had the time but they are super friendly with their delivery service. 
The staff is wonderful  over the phone, you never feel rushed and they really take the time to listen to make sure your order is accurate. The combination pan fried flat noodle is so yummy. The spring rolls are always fresh, hot and crispy. The wonton soup is so meaty and the wrapper is so thin that you don't feel so guilty about the carbs. 
Not only is the food phenomenal, the price is AMAZING! I look forward to having time to actually dine in but if you can't definitely give this place a chance to deliver you some authentic Indonesian cuisine.new to Indonesian so may not be best person to judge.  Tested like Thai - ordered only one entree for lunch.Wow, Indonesian food is amazing and has a totally different spice palate than other Southeast Asian cuisines!  This place is a hole-in-the-wall but one of the best super-cheap Asian meals I've had all year.I had never eaten Indonesian food before coming to Sky Cafe for the first time a couple years ago. Check it out. Delicious, fresh food and quick, friendly service. Hands down, my favorite thing to eat here is the house salad (lettuce, cucumber, bean sprouts, fried tofu w/ peanut dressing). Other favorites include the coconut rice with a tea egg and the fried wontons. Iced coffee is also perfect.
Great little BYOB and worth the trek from N. Philly every time. Love you forever, Sky Cafe.One of the top spots in Philly for Indonesian food. It is cash only but it's BYOB and the prices are super cheap.
Recommendations:
- Mie Komplit
- Nasi Lemak Rendang
- Nasi Goreng Special
- Kwetiaw Goreng
Service is great -- feel free to ask them for suggestions as well.Delicious indonesian food 
Must try...mostly all of the food taste so so good, always come back again n again
If u r an Indonesian n especially from jakarta or medan, Sky Cafe is the right choice
Nothing compares so farHi Melissa, 
I never thought of posting comments on yelp until I read your comment about racial discrimination that you claimed is prevalent at Sky Caf.
Your feedback was amusing. I literally laughed and disgusted at the same time reading your comment below. Mind you when you and I dined in  (yes, you read that right) yesterday, it was  Columbus Day. The restaurant was so packed and they were short of staff. (I sat at a table a few feet away from you.) Yes, I agree at times the owner could come across as feisty and annoyed. I can attest that her reactions towards the patrons were not based on one's race or ethnicity but towards their rudeness and low mannerisms and behaviors. Have you witnessed and seen some of the requests many of them have asked on that day? 
This is a restaurant business that caters mostly to Indonesians. The fact that you brought racial discrimination disgust me. As a fellow Indonesian, you need to know that racial discrimination and racial segregation are two sensitive subjects that should be brought up carefully among and with your fellow Indonesians because those touchy subjects can bring back the awful memories of the tragedy of 1998 that many of us had carried and wish to never happen again, ever. Perhaps you need to ask your parents about the root cause of the 1998 Riot that happened in Jakarta and also in many big cities in Indonesia. Many of us have left our beloved country so that we could be safe.  Many of us have sacrificed being away from family and children for so long to only start from scratch in America, the land of opportunity -- as long one is willing to work hard and sacrifice A LOT to achieve his or her goals. You should feel fortunate to be having the opportunity to live your life freely in a country where diversity is valued, and good moral is acknowledged.  So next time, before you leave a very obtrusive feedback, please be factual.
Oh, I hope you are reading this, Melissa.I was a bit sad when the old Sky Cafe closed because of a fire. I was also very pleased to learn that they reopened in the Viet/Asian shopping plaza on 11th and Washington. It just took me awhile to get over there.
The restaurant is located inside the plaza mall, and although still simple, it has a better layout then the old location. It is clean and unpretentious, with a TV, Wayang Kulit shadow puppets and some other Indonesian decorations. There is seating for about 20-30 patrons.
My daughter and I had chicken satay and lamb satay for appetizers. Their sauce is delicious, thick and just awesome. The chicken and lamb were cooked perfectly and the satay was moist and full of flavor. This satay at Sky Cafe is a lot better then that new trendy Malay street food restaurant in my opinion. We ordered the R18 Nasi Beef Rendang and N4 Mie BBQ. The Rendang was very flavorful and tender, it was excellent. It did have some heat that crept up on us rather quickly. I might ask for Sky to back that down a little the next time. The N4 Mie BBQ was like an Indonesian style Ramen dish with a barrage of favors. This will be one of our go to dishes at Sky.
For all of this food, the bill for my daughter and myself was $29.00. The most expensive item was the lamb satay at $8.00! Service was excellent. Sky Cafe was so good that we came back the next day with my wife. Parking can be a little difficult as the shopping plaza is popular. Be on your toes, spaces are tight. Cash only!Visited philadelphia today and one of my indonesian friend recommend this place for us. At first, the restaurant was full when we arrived. That makes me think that the foods must be really good. I tried the kwetiau goreng and tasted just fine for me, nothing that really wow me, i guess? I like their mie komplit better. But still, it is recommended for trying indonesian foodsI came here with a friend yesterday. I got the Mie Komplit and we shared a Lamb Sate. Both dishes were good, and I was especially impressed with the noodle dish. It was savory but clean, balanced between the meat and the vegetables. The soup came on the side and although I enjoyed it separately, my friend poured the soup into the noodle dish and enjoyed her meal that way. 
I would definitely come back and bring friends because this has been one of the best Indonesian restaurants that I've been to.Really love this place!  I am an indonesian living in NJ and.  The food tasted amazing!You have to walk into the actual mall, they don't have a store front entryway. I'm surprised that the prices have remained the same even with the new location, the majority of the menu is under $9.
I ordered a fried noodle dish and they were really, really greasy. I inhaled the dish without complaint since I was starving but next time I would definitely request they are made with as little oil as possible.Came to this place twice and both times were amazing. The price is unbeatable for really good Indonesian food. I ordered the chicken with green chili peppers, fried eggs and veggie curry. Food was filling and left the place satisfied. I will definitely come back here! :)My 2nd time here but I was nervous since I've recently turned vegan and I was worried that there may not be anything for me. 
After scouring the menu, I decided on Gado Gado (cabbage, bean sprouts, tofu, tempeh with peanut sauce poured over), and skipped the egg. 
The peanut sauce was savory with a hint of sweetness. The dish is not spicy by my standards, so I drizzled sambal all over to turn up the heat. It's hard to find good tempeh and this one hits the spot. 
I am from Singapore and we have no lack of Indonesian Cuisine back home. This one is pretty legit. Overall, I'm happy to find yummy vegan option in this Indonesian restaurant. The friendly staff round up the stellar experience.I've never had Indonesian food before a few months ago, but I'm so happy that part of my life is over. I've been to Sky Cafe 2x in the past 2.5 months and it's amazing. The food is delicious and comes out quickly. The prices are crazy low for the entrees. I tried several new items tonight, including one or two that were just added to the menu and they were incredible. I can't wait to go back and try something new next time.Had the chicken noodle and fried rice 
Pretty good.
But that would be better if they have card machine instead of cash only
I would eat and buy moreGreat hidden gem! This place is in a small indoor mall called Wing Phat Mall, right next to the Hung Vuong Vietnamese market. I went for a late lunch and had a coconut rice plate with a very well seasoned braised beef and 3 other sides around the rice (a crispy and fishy side, vegetables and a boiled egg with chutney-like salsa on top. All was very delicious! As I progressed through the meal I started mixing all of the ingredients and at the end I had a very delicious mix of great flavors. My wife had a dry noodle bowl with broth on the side. She added the broth to make a noodle soup and it was delicious as well.
I look forward to going back, this place will definitely be in my rotation of go to restaurants. The staff was super nice and it seems like everything there will be delicious!Love this place! Very authentic Indonesian food in South Philly. Everything I've had there I've liked. Great food, great price. Do it!!I'm not familiar with Indonesian food but found the food here delicious and the service was efficient and friendly. Our family includes a native Indonesian who likes the restaurant which is why we came here. I think the food compared very favorably to other Asian foods we enjoy. We had Indonesian food in the Netherlands and really liked it. I highly recommend it cReally good Indonesian food and affordable prices. My favorites were the No.11 fried noodles and vegetable fried rice (requested for this one). We were here for dinner. If you're  Indonesian or have origins of Indonesian blood, this is a great way to get in touch with yours roots  
I googled for Indonesian restaurants and 4 came up. The first one seemed closed and didn't have parking available on the street so we went to the second one listed. This place is located in an Asian plaza with other Asian stores and specialties (i.e. Nail place, salon, grocery market, bakery, jewelry stores, etc.)  and it's great because there is a parking lot in the plaza.
The place is a bit small but it really wasn't an issue. I wish they had a broader array of desserts to order but the cendol was really good. The pictures uploaded are what we ordered.
They sell 3 different kinds of krupuk with various flavors (to take home in a bag). I ordered one for a family helper that was with us.
I didn't get the names of the staff but the young man there and the girl with the short silver colored hair seemed like the owners and were super friendly and helpful.  Terima kasihHad the chicken noodle and fried rice 
Pretty good.
But that would be better if they have card machine instead of cash only
I would eat and buy moreOn oct 15 I ask my friends with her family to have dinner over there. She has a baby 20 months. First thing every thing is ok. Food ok. But we got bad attitude from server, when the baby start crying because she didn't want to give ice to much to baby. When the baby crying, the server said OMG. So the baby cannot crying. So her hubby bring the baby out. Hey I'm working in the restaurant so better u shut your mouth, we know what to do for not bothering anyone in the restaurant. Your income is depend your manner and attitude to customers. If you don't want to hear baby or kids crying just don't let them stay (only to go). My friends still want to give 20%. That's not what they deserve to get. And my friends told to the owner about that. And the owner stand for the server, maybe her opinion the server do the right things. Hey don't be arrogant, one day ur business will upside down.A great little find!
Looking to try something new, I came here for dinner with a group of 5, and none of us had ever had Indonesian food before.  The staff was extremely helpful in suggesting dinner choices, describing the level of heat (some of the group don't like spicy food), and the right quantities to order.  Food was fresh, tasty and totally enjoyable. We had a delicious selection of soup, chicken, beef, shrimp and vegetable dishes (including the rice sampler which the hostess recommended - good choice!).  The place is small and simple but neat, clean and comfortable.  Service pleasant and efficient.  And what a bargain: $40 for 5 people!
Its a bit hard to find.  There is a small shopping center at 11th & Washington, and there is a sign for the restaurant over a storefront on the west side of the parking lot - but that's not where you enter the restaurant.  You actually enter into an interior mall, and there is where you will find it.  A bit confusing and we had to ask where it was, but people were very nice about showing us.
Its a great bargain meal and interesting and really enjoyable!We love Sky Cafe. Betty, the owner, and her husband are charming, wonderful hosts, making my 91 and 97 yr old parents comfortable despite their special needs. The sates are tender and peanut sauce delicious. The Gado gado is different from the way we make it at home but  yummy. The flavors are clearly varied and we are still finding lots of nasi/rice and noodle dishes to try. Their homemade sambal is spicy and we always get extra krupuk and emping to take home.I tried their noodle with very high expectation but I am not impress with their noodle, just a mediocre. However come with surprise. . Their chicken with nasi lemak is very good. Next time if I have a chance to come to Philadelphia,  the chicken with nasi lemak is a must.I think my standard for indonesian/malaysian food is too high after visiting asia recently. For a business that has 4.5 stars average review, my expectations were set really high. I left content, but not enough to warrant my review for more than 3 stars.
Food: Some of my favorite indonesian food are nasi lemak ayam goreng and satay. We ordered the lamb satay and pempek for apps. The lamb satay itself was cooked well and was not dry. I was hoping for more of the soy sauce, sesame oil flavor, and etc. , but the flavor was mild. Overall not bad for a skewer, but I've had better in the city. Pempek was a good dish. Pempek is an egg yolk wrapped inside a fish cake doused in a sweet and savory sauce. The fish cake had a great texture to it, it was chewy and reminded me of a korean rice cake texture. The sauce gave the fish cake its flavor and while good, it was too sweet for me to consider this dish amazing. I had mixed feelings about the nasi lemak. The chicken was very good. It was fried without a batter and the skin was crispy. The meat was tender and there was a good natural and savory flavor from the meat. However, the rice was below my expectations. My gf said she tasted a hint of coconut, but I could not taste the flavor at all in the rice. The rice was also on the dryer side and not fluffy and moist like some of the other nasi lemaks I've had. The anchovies, onions, and crispies were a nice touch and added a crunchy texture to the rice. The sambal lacked the punch in flavor that I am used to. I didn't really taste the chiles or citrus flavor in it. 
Price: Pretty cheap compared to other places in the city.I think I paid ~$32 for 2 apps and 2 entrees which is good even for an asian place.This is a hidden gems.cute little cafe with exotic asian flavor. Fast and friendly service .Totally home cook Indonesian food.Taste of Indonesian cuisine no passport require.I will definitely be back. Everything was delicious. Especially the fried wontons, but you can't go wrong w fried. Three of us sat down and each got a big bowl of soup, a beverage and shared fried wontons and spring rolls and it was 28.75 total. it's such a warm place with a lively family atmosphere and great service. It's tucked away in a mall but such a great find. I almost don't want to tell anyone about it. Almost. Cash only but you'll probably only need about $10/person.In October of 2015, we got some sad food news when Indonesian restaurant, Sky Cafe, shut down due to a fire at their location on Snyder Avenue. This year, many loyal fans like myself were happy to find out Sky Cafe reopened inside the shopping plaza at 11th and Washington. The new, hidden location is just as small as the original and can be accessed through the doors to the plaza by Pho 75 as you make a right into the parking lot. There are only a few tables, so large groups should call ahead. Also, they close early. 
Fried chicken wontons ($3.50) are 80% percent super crispy wonton and 20% ground chicken filling,  but 100% satisfying.
It was the Soto Medan ($7.50) I had been craving from my meals at the original location. This light chicken soup has a touch of coconut milk and turmeric, vegetables, chicken, and a single perkadel (fried potato patty). However the Kari Bihun is the soup I will order going forward. Despite the description: rice noodle with curry sauce, this is definitely a soup. This rich curry comes with potatoes, fried tofu, egg, fish balls, and something slithery that I think is tofu skin that soaked up the broth really well. 
To enjoy the next day I ordered my other stand by- Mie Komplit ($7)- that comes with shredded chicken, mushroom, bbq pork on top of springy homemade egg noodles,  plus a marinated egg, greens, 2 wontons, squishy meat balls I always avoid, and a separate container of slightly bland chicken broth soup. It's the everything but the kitchen sink of noodle dishes; I particularly like the savory chicken and mushroom combo. 
Most dishes are $7 or $8 dollars and are pretty filling. The menu is actually fairly lengthy and can be a bit overwhelming, my advice is to use the photos in the menu as a guide, but you really can't go wrong at Sky Cafe.I come here almost everyday with my friends after school to order their yummy gorengs. I love the friendly atmosphere and how the waiters do not discriminate anybody who are not familiar with the indonesian style food, instead, they carefully explain each dish to make sure that we order the dish that we want. Overall, their service is great and all workers are very welcoming. The only con is that the place do get crowded sometimes but I usually opt for take-out if that does happen. Who would want to miss out on the delicious meals? Certainly not me hahaha.This review needs to be updated! I came here two times after the first review. The food is pretty authentic and delicious, plus the staff was extremely friendly and accommodating. Thanks for an amazing meal, I'll be back sky cafe!This place is hard to find, but don't give up looking. Just walk into the mall (it's a weird small entrance), and it's in there among some random stores. We had to ask for directions at the supermarket. 
I'm Indonesian, and I assure you, the food is authentic. Best Indonesian food in North America, hands down. Have I tried every Indo restaurant in North America? No I haven't, but my taste buds maxed out on happiness tonight, and I'm positive it doesn't get better than this. 
The menu is big and honestly it was so difficult to choose. My husband and I settled on bubur ayam, sate padang, mie komplit, and avocado smoothie. Everything tasted like they would back home, so full of flavor, but the portions were definitely American (aka a lot bigger). 
Indonesians living in Philly, how lucky you are. If only Chicago had half the Indonesian food you have here...OMG!! I am so happy I found this restaurant while doing grocery at Hung Voung supermarket. It is located at such hidden place that I barely noticed it. I will not know this restaurant until my friend told me. Anyway, it is right beside the big Asian supermarket and you will need to pass the main door to find this retaurant!! In terms of food...this place has the best combination which is super great price and super delicious food!! Also they have A+ service. We ordered N1 on the menu which is noodles with crab meat and spicy fish with rice. Totally bomb.com and I was so happy during the entire dinning time. The noodles is a little bit salty but I diluted with the soup so turned out to be pefect. And the spice along with the fish is so good. I even eat the sauce with the rice too. I will 100% go back to try the other options!!!We stopped in for lunch recently during the first real snow of 2017. It was cold and blustery out, so the place was mostly empty. Service was friendly and helpful. Two of us shared some crispy but not greasy fried spring rolls and the $15 rice "sampler" meal. Everything was delicious, some sauces very slightly spicy.  Since the meal including little dishes of beef rendang, shrimp sambal, potatoes, curry kale and a chicken leg, we were both VERY pleasantly full for under $10 apiece and ready to face the snow and wind again. (We did spend another half hour or so shopping in the huge Hung Vuong Asian Super Market next door.) If you haven't been to Sky Cafe yet, go. NOW. I can't wait to explore the rest of the very inexpensive menu. Sky Cafe is tucked away behind a travel agency and fascinating tea shop in a tiny "mall" on the west side of the plaza, so look for it. It's worth it!Grilled fish and lamb satay are must! So good! Lamb satay is grilled and comes with sweet soy sauce and peanut sauce. I go to this place at least once a week for my dinner and grocery shopping next door. It is hidden in this little crappy mall. The people next to the restaurant also always cook something delicious in the hallway.
I don't know how they grilled the fish and what they put on it, but it is so good. Tasty and crispy outside and tender inside. SO DELICIOUS! 
I have also tried a few other stuff but these two are my favorite!It's pretty authentic and delicious. If you like to try Indonesian food, this is the place to go. Highly recommended.The food was absolutely delicious and at reasonable price. I'm generally very skeptical trying out new Asian places. My common complaint is either meat is raw n chewey or over cooked n oily. But this place was perfect. We enjoyed the food and service at this place. You can make out that this is a family run place. We ordered N1 Mie Kiebet (i think tht ws the name) basically chicken n pork with noodles and soy eggs, and spicy fish with rice. Soy eggs were super tasty. Spicy fish was teally very spicy, even for Indian taste buds. Portions were more than descent with side of soup. Overall, I recommend this place and would come here again whenever Im craving dome good asian food. Note:This is a cash only place and there was no ATM inside the resturant.Delicious Food with affordable price. Always visit them everytime I'm in town. Worth to try!! Just come and try it yourselfI had been going to the little shopping center where Sky Cafe is located for years, but just discovered this restaurant, tucked away inside a subtle entrance between Pho 75 and the Vietnamese grocery store, just now! I loved the casual setting and inexpensive prices paired with excellent portion sizes. We got the curry soup with rice noodles and beef rendang platters to start. Spicy and savory with every bite! I already went back for a second time and plan to return again soon.It was our first time to dine at Sky Cafe after they had moved to this new location. As before, their food was excellent with interesting spicy flavors. The service was also excellent. The servers were all friendly and attentive. We had a great time. I wish I could go there everyday.This is a fantastic spot for really good food! The dishes were delicious and so flavorful.  Started off with their lamb and chicken satay skewers and chicken wings.  Pretty good. Noodles dishes, N1 and N13 Curry Noodle soup were amazing. I could of had a 2nd bowl.  The hot sauce on the table is housemade, which was hot and delicious.  Will definitely be coming here more often.  Hidden Gem!I love this place! Have their foods since the old resturant to this current location. I eat here numerous of times and the foods remain consistent. This place is small but cozy. Plenty of free parking in the lot and street parking is available. It is BYOB. The services are mad nice and polite. Once, I over paid and did not know, yet 1 week later I went back here and they gave me an envelop with the refund amount and apologized that they overcharged me. Super honest! I wouldn't even know I over paid. The portion is just right. The foods and vegetables are fresh and delicious. One of my favorite dish here is R1. Love the spice and the side dishes.I loved that place .. very good food and reasonable price.. and very good service. Thank you sky cafeGreat food, great prices, kind of bistro atmosphere but friendly and prompt service .Just come, eat, pay and go. Because if you think too much, you will never want to leave this place. This place is that good... everything they have will make you drooling.
The noodle is homemade, I like to eat it without the soup. The fried rice... oh good Lord, help me not to get the second one every time I come.
Just try it!My all time favourite Indonesian restaurant! My family and I became a fan of Sky Cafe from their old location at 16th and Ritner. It was after we came back from Indonesia we started to crave for some good Indonesian food. We googled and we found Sky Cafe. We were so happy we tried to go there as often as we can. When they moved to 11th and Washington Ave it became more accessible to us. The family who owns Sky Cafe is from Sumatra and brings that distinct regional flavours. Whenever I go here I feel like I am eating a home cooked meal prepared by someone I know. Seriously, everything is good here, and the prices are awesome! Owners and workers are always friendly, helpful, and attentive. The place is clean and welcoming. If you don't know what to get they will help you with the menu. Ever since they moved to the 11th street location it has become crowded, so try to avoid the lunch and dinner hours.I just would like to say... I ate once at the old location on Ritner and it's still amazing. The tastes are what you come here for, but you may... Actually... get filled up! It should still be BYOB I'm 97% sure it is, I mean, I saw dudes in the "mallway" throwing back Heinekens like no tomorrow, so DEFF BRING A BOTTLE. This shits dope. The price and overall experience will keep you coming back. There's a lot of bounce for the ounce here, just wish they had Diet Coke.Authentic Indonesian cuisine a taste of home for me.   They spoke Indonesian but spoke English as well.  The parking was pretty good and it was disabled accessible.  The service was excellent.  Our appetizers came within a reasonable amount of time.  We ordered chicken sate, spring rolls, fried wontons & chicken wings.  The sate was great.  The wontons seemed to be over cooked and on the small size.  I was disappointed that they didn't have lumpia, an Indonesian staple.  Spring rolls aren't authentic Indonesian neither are the wontons for that matter.  The rendang was superb infused with such wonderful flavors.  The mie goreng was great. The soup my daughter ordered with the bakwan/meatballs was good though vermecilli noodles are not authentic Indonesian either.  The sambal/chilli paste was perfect, the peanut sauce wonderful.  A favorite was the hard boiled eggs w/ sambal was a spicy addition. The avocado juice is more of an avocado ice cream desert.  The Es Teler was delicious a blend of fruit and coconut milk.  It was a great experience.My favorite restaurant in Philly right now. Hidden away in the Asian mall down on Washington st. I got hooked on Indonesian food a few years ago when I was traveling in Amsterdam. Sky cafe is always fresh, consistent, and very cheap. I can never decide what to get, the noodles are amazing, beef rendang, fried chicken with sambal, mixed pork platter. I always want to try something new but hard to pass up my favorites. Owners are very friendly and they seem to do a massive amount of take out business too. Weekends it can get busy and they usually close by 8pm most nights. Looking forward to my next visit to Sky.The food here is made with love. I have been here many times. At their old location and now here. Consistently good food every time.
My fav is the spicy fish. Although, I think it is too spicy for me, the flavors are just that great. The portion is perfect. Lemonade is fresh squeezed. 
I have tried almost everything in the menu and it is always delicious. Great home style Indo food. They have made me fall in love with Indonesian cusine.
This new location is always packed. It's bigger then their last location but still busy. Parking is in the plaza.We ordered food for our wedding rehearsal dinner from Sky Cafe last weekend. Being of Singaporean heritage, I'm always on the lookout for southeast Asian restaurants; my husband, who is Indian, really loves the food here, as well.
We called the restaurant to see if they could take a catering order, and they told us that although they couldn't deliver, they would be happy to prepare party trays. My maid of honor (who is Malaysian) helped select the menu, and the Sky Cafe manager was very helpful in separating out ingredients to accommodate for people's dietary restrictions.
We received so many compliments about the food that night. Our personal favorites were the spicy fish and sambal goreng, but really everything was absolutely delicious. When the owner heard that it was a wedding-related function, she recommended that we err on the side of ordering too much rather than too little -- at a cost of about $15 per person, we had plenty of leftovers.
We're big fans of Sky Cafe and were happy to be able to share the incredibly tasty food with our out-of-town guests, as well!This hidden gem is great. Everything is delicious, authentic, and perfectly cooked. I'm a fan of the fried fish.Sky cafe is my friends and I go to place, we come here at least once a week, sometimes twice. At this point, the owner basically know us personally. We've tried different variety from their menus, but some of my favorite is their nasi bungkus, nasi goreng, the weekday special bubur ayam, and their newest addition Soto betawi. Everytime we come here, the taste of the food and the experience is always consistent. Definitely a must hit hidden spot in philadelphia, I tell everyone I know to come here and they always love it!It's great to have Sky Cafe back in business in a new location in the heart of the Washington Avenue Asian-American business hub, after a fire shut down their original location in deep South Philly. Happy to report the food is as good as ever. Highlights included the always reliable (and vegetarian-friendly) Sky salad, and a tasty Rijsttafel special that included beef Rendang, spicy shrimp and Indonesian-style mashed potatoes.Really great food at an affordable price. I've been here twice recently and really enjoyed my rice platter and seafood fried rice. The drinks are fun too. Highly recommend.Had the Nasi Lemak Rendang, which was excellent. The server was super friendly and extremely concerned that I didn't eat part of it (I forgot to mention a mild food allergy).Hands down one of the best restaurants ive been to. Loved everything. Never had this cuisine before and i was very satisfied. Pork satay and spicy chicken were amazing and i loved the Es Telar . Very interesting and  delicious!So happy this place has reopened at a location much closer to my home.  Great tasting Indonesian food at unbeatable prices.  I especially love the mie bakso, reminds me of the bakso I had in Indonesia.  But everything is great here!Overall, food is great, prices extremely reasonable, and service is very friendly! This was our first time here and we really liked it, would definitely come back. The portions are a bit small but that's ok because you can order more variety! The difficult thing about coming here is finding parking! We came for an early dinner on a Sunday and it was very hard to find parking. The lot was beyond full and street parking was scarce. 
Soto ayam, sate were great, sambal very good and spicy, rendang a bit dry, tempe was ok. We ordered some kind of special for $15 that had a good variety of food - good for first timers to get a sampling of what they have. Es teler was big! Wish they had more desserts.
I would recommend this place and come back again.As youngsters these days say it, this place is so bomb.  It's a relatively small, nondescript restaurant tucked away in a busy shopping plaza but your taste buds will thank you for making the trip here.  I've never had Indonesian food prior to this but wanted to experiment it.
As mentioned, the restaurant is a bit small and modest but the staff hustle and seat you quickly.  I picked the R22 Nasi Padang at random because I liked its picture on the menu and found that we didn't go wrong there. R22 resembled a sampler with small plates consisting of curry chicken, Beef bendang, Potato patties, spicy shrimp, Curry collard green, green chili.  All these dishes cost only $16 total and were filling enough for both my boyfriend and me.  The dishes are flavorful but there is a little bit of heat and a kick to it.  Even I, who am usually fainthearted when it comes to heat and spices, enjoyed it.  The coconut juice tasted so refreshing and had chunks of coconut at the bottom.  
The staff seem to work hard and quickly.  There's a young guy maybe in his 20s here that we've now seen all 3 times we've been here who works like there's no tomorrow.  He's tirelessly bringing out water in the same stroke that he's getting your order or bringing you the extra side of rice you requested.  
We've now come here 3 times now, and I'm sure a fourth visit will be in the works in the future.  I love how there's a parking lot here (however crowded and crazy it may be).  Do note that they close somewhat early on Fridays (8 PM or something!).  Thankfully, if you're already in the restaurant like we were, they come around and take final orders, cautioning you gently that their kitchen is going to close soon afterwards.  They're also closed on Thursday, something else we found out when venturing here hopefully.  Whatever the case, we'll be back for more.Amazing food- by far the most authentic Indonesian food I've tasted in a restaurant. Cheap prices, delicious food, and nice, clean atmosphere make for a great experience.I just came here after hearing so many good reviews about this place, but I didn't even get a chance to eat here because they never gave us a table. We were waiting here for so long, the server said she was going to give us a table in the corner in about ten minutes; lord and behold...The "owner's" friend had a reservation out of nowhere and they gave that table that was supposed to be ours to them. I was actually looking forward to eating here, but thanks to sky cafe's terrible customer service and crappy owner, I don't ever want to come back. You've lost a potential frequent customer. You guys suck!The Satay Kambing & lontong is the best choice. Also d nasi bungkus is super delicious.Best Indonesian Restaurant in Philadelphia by far.  Me and my wife drive here once a week from King of Prussia.  Food is fabulous and the service is great!  Keep up the great work!I came here with my Dragon Boat Team on Sunday very hungry and with high expectations (one of my teammates raved about this place), and Sky Cafe delivered. We came in as soon as they opened (11am) and so didn't have a wait, but it seems like if you come in post 12/1pm you might be standing around for a bit. 
In our group of 11, five people got the Nasi Goreng Special, three people got the Mie Komplit, and three others decided to venture away from the pack and try something different. (The staff aided us in the decision making process with tons of great recommendations). I split fried wontons, the Nasi Goreng, and the Mie Komplit with my sister, and even in our post-practice hunger we couldn't finish our meals (yay leftovers!) The portions are HUGE (but also very reasonably priced.) 
The Nasi Goreng was great but could have had a bit more spice. Also, the sunny side up egg we asked for came fried =(. The Mie Komplit had tons of really flavorful meat, egg, and veggies, but the noodles were a bit on the bland side so we had to add a few things to add flavor. The fried wontons were AWESOME. 
My teammates were also really happy with their orders (R16? N16? chicken satay, passion fruit juice, the pink drink with avocado). I tried the pink drink and it was a little too sweet/bubblegummy for my taste, but the three people who got it all loved it.A great place in Philadelphia for authentic Indonesian cuisine. The restaurant is clean and simple with well place decor and design. Restrooms are clean and ample space. Server was very knowledgeable and management was on point with details.We came with a big group of 11, and was able to get seated within 15 minutes. I'm indonesian so i know authenticity of flavors and this is somewhat close to home. The ayam bakar (grilled chicken thigh) was good... Except i dont usually get a sauce over the grilled chicken. None the less, it was good. The batagor appetizer was good, fishcakes were nice and chewy. To top it all off, we ordered Es teler, their dessert drink .. It was tasty. Not too sweet, and served in a cute cup. Overall, prices were very cheap too.
I didnt really like the sate padang (beef tongue shishkabobs). The meat wasnt so tender but i know thats not the easiest thing to cook.The Noodles was okay, but not great, the rest of stuff on the menu was bad. I order one of dishes Ketupat Sayur, for $7 (egg, 8 piece rice cake,chips n vegetables) n no Rendang !!!! Even on the menu says they put rendang on it. Services bad , they lucky the only 1 indonesian restaurant in townI have been going to Sky Cafe since they were on Rittner St. and their food is always delicious.  I always start with a Sky Salad and then one of my favorite noodle or rice dishes.  This place is not on a streetfront so to go there you need to know where they are.  BUT, you need to find it!For now but, 5 stars can be in the future. If you want real home cooking (grandma got kidnaped and made to work in the kitchen) flavorful, kick ass spices/spicy food? Do make a trip here it will be worth it! I promise a great food experience especially Indonesian in this case.  It not only a hidden treasure but it hid inside a shopping plaza. Yup!! The new location is so cute and homey but modern and minimal decor no gaudy color scheme, but who cares right? The food will knock off your socks, and in this case it made me wep a bit as I savor the delicious noodle cooked in shrimp paste, and skate theirs fish of the day. Wow!! Change my life, eyes rolled to the back of my head kind of experience. If you want boredom or have food allergies of too much spices this is not for you. But if you wants real food experience like me I seek for it everyday well guess what this is it!!!My my...this place is a small hidden and slightly dirty (it wouldn't be good if it was too clean, am i right?!) piece of gem in south philly. Its inside the supermarket, down the hallway to the lefthand side. Not every dish is spicy but if you love spicy food, this is the spot for you. You need to try their soursop smoothie (its high in antioxidants) lol. The "nasi" wrapped in banana leaf, the wontons and the fish was yum yum.Great hidden Indonesian BYOB jewel in a shopping mall on Washington Ave. The Lamb Satay alone is worth the trip. All the noodle dishes were incredible, spicy as asked, and sizable. Service was fast and with a smile. Two entrees, and two appetizers with our bottle of wine were under 30 bucks. Parking was available right out front in the lot. How can you go wrong?The foods are cheap and delicious. Friendly services! Went there when I just moved to the area a few weeks ago and been back like 4 times! Love this place.I love this place. Great price, great food. I'm sorry I can't be very specific this time but try any soup you can. I returned and picked something random and was still great. And one more time: prices are great!Found a hidden gem. Locate inside of the shopping plaza. You'll need to go to the parts that people rarely go. I've found it by accident but thank goodness I did. The place is small but filled and more people coming. The food looks, smell and taste really good. The place is small so it a little tight but not bad tight.A little hidden gem on a shopping plaza.  Excellent Indonesia food.  I had the fried fish with coconut rice.  The fish was tender and crispy with some spicy sauce.  Excellent choice!  Try it out you won't regretOh gosh! It was an awesome experience! I'm Indonesian living in Maryland, and I can tell you that the food is legit!!
I ordered Batagor, pecel lele, mie komplit, nasi bungkus, pempek, es teler. It feels literally like home. The best part was they sell kerupuk, emping,  and keripik balado! 
Will definitely come back here when I feel homesick.This is my first time trying Indonesian food. And it was kinda bland and really simplistic. Compared to other experiences, the food was really cheap and came out of the kitchen quickly. Staff is super friendly. 
Overall, it was okay. I left feeling full but not satisfiedWe had a large group of 12 people... We called ahead to see if we can make reservations and they allowed us. They arranged a nice sampling of their dishes so we could try a variety of foods. 
This consisted of Satay's, to salads to a nice spicy vegetarian dish to even desert.
The staff was awesome and very thoughtful. 
We even had leftovers to take home. 
Wonderful place to go to and grab a nice bite to eat. Try new cuisines and expand your palette. 
Pro
BYOB
Affordable
Excellent food
Great Staff
Con
A little confusing to know where it's at since it's in a little mall
Indifferent
It's CASH only
Visited April 2017Sky Cafe is located in this Vietnemese outlet mall and its actually hidden inside of this mall with usually some asian dudes kicking back beers in front of one of the shops or hallways. Dont be afraid of these guardians of the indonesian palace! The food at Sky cafe is pretty awesome and incredibly cheap. Its similar to vietnemese food but definitely has its own twist. A variety of fried things in curries with rice or noodles. There is definitely a focus on fish and chicken if thats what youre looking for.  I went with the Chicken Satay in peanut sauce and the randang which were both the bomb! If youre looking for a bit of an adventurous meal for cheap this is your place to go!Sky Cafe is a really great restaurant! The food is very flavorful, the portions are good, the price is right and the people are so nice!! I keep going back!Would love to come back here! Price is cheap, but the foods are really tasty. Make sure you have rooms to try all the foods they offer here!Sky cafe is an excellent place to grab a quick bite. You'll get authentic Indonesian food and this is definitely a hole in the wall place. The staff is very friendly and also use out of their way to make you feel welcome and explain each entre. The prices are also very reasonable ($8 or so for each dish).Amazing well done representation of Indonesian food. Perhaps the best in the US. Try the Nasi Rames or Nasi Medan along with the satay Padang.This place is hidden inside the shopping plaza
We ordered N16 Mie Bakso (Rice Noodle Soup with Meatballs), R16 Nasi Campur Medan (Coconut rice with various grilled meats and a vegetable soup) and R23 Nasi Bungkus (Banana leave wrap with spicy beef).  All our selections tasted great, but R16 will be my recommendation if you want to sample the Indonesian food. 
The price was excellent with all dishes under $10.What a find! We were looking for something and stumbled across this gem. We were initially heading somewhere else and we were intrigued by the sign. My wife and I have never had Indonesian cuisine. We wanted to try it. When we walked in we were warmly greeted my a man behind the counter. We wanted to order to go so the man directed us to the menus on the counter. Upon opening it up I quickly found what I wanted on the first page. I was in the mood for noodles and the first page is noodles. Scanning down the page my attention was grabbed by the BBQ pork noodles. We browsed the rest of the menu and it all looked great but I had my mind set. We ordered the BBQ pork noodles and fried chicken wontons. It was ready in 10 minutes. The noodles were delicious and the BBQ pork was so tender and flavorful. It came with a side of soup which reminded me of wonton broth but it was much better. Comforting and refreshing at the same time. We also really enjoyed the fried wontons. They were very crispy and the dick sauce was tasty. We will definitely be back.Great taste of ikan bakar i have ever had!!
Fantastic and friendly servive as always. I don't mind driving for 2 hours from Maryland once a week for the great food !! Batagor for appetizers and sop buntut is a must