Overall good experience. Personnel was very friendly, especially our waiter Anthony. Food was very tasty, highlights were the omelette station, fried chicken and three salmon varieties. The only thing lacking is ambiance, it is just a big room filled with tables and chairs. Views are good, unfortunately we visited on a cloudy day.We've been to some amazing brunch spots in Philly and South Jersey and this is by far the worst we have ever encountered. Having a Living Social coupon for two guests which drops the price to $70.00 verse the $108.00 we figured what can we lose? 
Arrival: Well, after driving around the corner of 17th/18th and Arch looking for the parking lot we finally called and asked "What is the name of the lot?" It is a shared lot with Mace's Crossing. Confusing...So were there, we get seated, our server doesn't come out for about 5 minuets to ask what we would like for our complementary drinks, no biggie, bring on the prime rib. 
FOOD: The food was okay, but I wasn't dying to get seconds of anything. The menu reads and sounds like a lot of food, but in actuality it was very limited. For me the highlight of the day was just being with my fiance and oh the fresh blackberries. 
SERVICE: Other than our waiter, the staff really seemed to be on the ball with plate removals, water and soda refills. 
TAB: After being there for about an hour, we decided to pay the gratuity and taxes and lick our wounds for a major disappointment. After getting the bill our waiter tells us the debit card machine is down, 45 MINUTES LATER, the waiter said may I have you debit card an as soon as it works i'll get you guys out of here. 10 minutes later he came back with a bill of $47.00. Are you kidding me? he charged us both $18.00 gratuity and 6.00 taxes instead of charging us 18% gratuity total. We tried to explain this to him and he mumbled "This is what the machine said!" We asked to see a manager he replied "I'll get her." So, the manager never comes over, but another waiter comes over and asks "What is the problem?" We explain the situation to him and he says "I don't get it" Finally after putting his thinking cap on, or remembering basic math he adjusted the the bill. But he mentioned it is Sunday and you were charged the $47.00 incorrectly, you should get your refund in about 3 days. This place is a disaster. BTW. Living Social is getting bombarded with complaints from the place. 
$5.00 bridge
$10.00 Parking
$70.00 Brunch
$47.00 Incorrect Bill
$23.00 Correct Bill
Total: $155.00 
Sky Burnch more like  #SkyWayRobbery
ONE and DONE.My experience with sky brunch. The food was delicious and the view is spectacular. However, they need more food stations. I would recommend this place just for the once a year occasion or for a special event. I have been going to a different brunches, usually I come back because of the quality of the food and number of food selections. But sky brunch like I said is only once year deal.Deserves 10 stars!!! Great variety of food along with good customer service. Food is fresh and delicious. The adult beverages deserve a try as well. The price is a bit pricey but worth it for the views, food, service and experience. Can't go wrong with this brunch!!!Did Brunch with a group of friends on a beautiful clear Sunday morning.  Parking in the building and access to the Skybrunch is convenient and easy.
The staff welcomed us and we (and everyone else) had spectacular views of Philadelphia and the Delaware River. On aa clear day the views are fantastic.
Bruch had a wide selection included smoked fishes, custom egg orders and a wide variety of other very good dishes.  Price includes one of the special drinks which were unique and well made.
With the excellent service, good food and wonderful views, we recommend going to here.I took my partner out for Sunday Brunch this morning at Top of the Tower's SkyBrunch.
I had made the reservation weeks ago on Open Table at his request. He had heard about it from other people and since our other traditional Birthday brunch spot--WaterWorks--has changed to only accepting private events, we thought we would give it a shot.
The photos on the website make it look spectacular and I will say that I do have very high Brunch expectations for a prix fixe price of $50. I will admit here that several other reviews on Yelp were less than kind and had me a tiny bit worried.
Our reservation was for 11:00, also their opening time. We always make it a point to arrive early and we were surprised that when we arrived at the building at 10:30, instead of taking the elevator up to the 50th floor and having a mimosa at the bar as we waited for our table, we were directed to wait in the lobby. There is no seating there and thankfully it was a very nice Spring day so we could sit outside in the lovely courtyard. However, this would have been an issue for me had the weather been inclement and we had been forced to stand in a bare lobby for 30 minutes.
Once we were sent to the 50th floor, we were greeted by very friendly staff. The hostess fulfilled my request for a special table because of it being a Birthday Brunch (set it herself, she said). As we passed, the bartender also greeted us warmly.
It turns out that it is not actually a restaurant. It is an event room in 1717 Arch Street that is set up beautifully as a Brunch location and, true to the photos on the website, the views of the city of Philadelphia are spectacular and the tables are set up around the borders of the room to capitalize on that. 
Our server was Odyssey and she was terrific. She was attentive and informative and she obliged our every request quickly and competently. She gave us the low-down on how everything worked:
For the $50 you receive 3 additions to the buffet:
A plate of biscuits and scones (both delicious).
Shrimp Cocktail. This was fine. Nothing spectacular but good and nicely presented in a large martini glass.
Several Dessert options. We chose the Strawberry Cake and Triple Chocolate Cake. I should say here that my Partner is a pretty rockin' baker in his own right so I am always comparing restaurant cakes against his. The Strawberry Cake was good. Again, not brilliant (a little on the crumbly side for my taste), but flavorful. The icing was particularly good. The Triple Chocolate was also good. I liked the cake part of the Triple Chocolate and the icing of Strawberry best.
Once you place your drink orders (1 free cocktail comes with the prix fixe) with the Server, you a free to sample the buffet. There is a meat carving station (the Prime Rib was a definite highlight), a bread station, a yogurt station, a waffle/pancake station an build your own omelette bar and several chafing dishes with honey-touched fried chicken (Another highlight. The batter on this chicken is brilliant.), breakfast meats and potatoes, roasted veggies, mashed potatoes and Mac N Cheese.
We decided that the best plan was to share everything so we could each sample a little of everything and not explode.
The Belgian waffle was good and the real maple syrup was an added bonus; the mushroom, onion and Gruyére omelette we ordered was very good. The rosemary breakfast potatoes were delicious.
We did not try the turkey at the carving station but it looked quite good. The variety of danishes and breads looked delicious as well.
Overall it was a lovely experience. I would say a fairer price would be $40 instead of $50 or add a 2nd complimentary cocktail.
I am giving 4 stars because 3.5 is not an option and because the atmosphere, view and staff truly gave us a wonderful experience.Father's Day brunch with my husband and daughter. The views were spectacular, the food exceptional. Perfect for a special occasion.This restaurant (decor and food) is average at best. The servers are attentive but definitely not trained in fine dining , although the prices reflect a fine dining experience. The views are amazing and the restaurant has the potential to be amazing but as it stands , the dining experience was not worth $240 (price included an all you could eat brunch for three , no alcoholic beverages just coffee hot chocolate and juice, tax and gratuity) It's times like this that makes me miss the Four Seasons brunch.Went on Mother's day.  
First the good:  
The views were awesome.  Really really fun.  The kids enjoyed being way up high.  
The food is very decent.  Having eaten at many many brunch buffets, everything was nice but nothing was ridiculously awesome.  Prime rib, ham and lamb were nice at the carving station.  Seafood was good.  Desserts were good.  Not a huge buffet.  Everything is basically in a hallway.
The hostesses were great.  Found out a week ahead that we were going to have two extra guests.  They were able to accommodate.  Perfectly beyond expectations as they were quite full.  
The not so good:
We were seated at 12:45.  We weren't greeted by our waiter for at least 15 min.  The waiter didn't get our drink orders for at least 30 min.  We got our drinks after 1:30 (more than 45 min later).  Even water for the kids didn't get there until then.  Messed up our drink orders, so I went and got our own drinks that were missing.  Never seemed to come back either.  Plates weren't taken from the table.  I put them on an empty tray myself.  After we finished eating and asked for the check, it was another 30 minutes until we were out of there.  All in all, we left at 3:00 pm for a 12:30 reservation.  We did get coffee.  The poor waiter was completely overwhelmed.   
The buffet is also weirdly organized.  There are 3-4 different places to get plates.  Then people move laterally from the plate section.  Then everyone meets in the middle of each section and tries to cross over.  
Summary
Nice place to go because it is dramatic with the views.  Really expensive on mother's day for really poor service unfortunately.  I would probably recommend going on a normal Sunday for $50 when they have less people.  Looks like other reviews are decent for service but not on this day.I finally hit Top of the Tower for Center City Sips last week... and it was AMAZING! The views on each side are fantastic! The weather was great, the bartenders were friendly (as were most all other people that worked there) and the food smelled and looked yummy! :-D When my friend and i first walked in, we headed for the beer and wine bar... the line was pretty long but moved quickly. There are only a couple selections at the food station but they all smelled good and sounded like yummy options. We didn't partake this time around though. Be advised, they close at 7:30 and they closed the right side of the balcony down by like 6:45/7. It can tend to get pretty crowded out on the balconies but it's totally worth it! also seemed like a great space for a banquet! I will def be bacl again... to either starts sips or for another fun event!Went for Sips with a couple girlfriends, it was a really really nice venue. Reminded me of R2L except without the bar and tables. It's basically a place to host events, but for Sips, they have a couple bars with food and drink. The view is pretty damn amazing, and definitely worth it
The Mojito, on the other hand, was not really a mojito. Just FYII went to the Sky Brunch with my friend on Father's Day. Great view of the city, good food, and more than exceptional service. However, it felt this was more like a $35 brunch buffet, not worth the $50 charge. I would throw in an extra $5 for the view.As I mentioned in my last review, Top of the Tower is a gorgeous venue.  I recently went back for Drink Philly's Anniversary party. 
If views are your thing, this is your place. Be warned, if it's raining hard enough and dark outside, the views go away. That's quite unfortunate but a truth. 
Luckily, the venue has other things going for it. At the event, they were serving passed hors d'oeuvres. They weren't just your run of the mill appetizers either. Think duck empanadas, duck spring roll with BBQ sauce, puffed savory pastry with bacon and a pesto sauce. And they had killer lamb chops too. 
The servers were professional and friendly. One server knew that my group was looking for lamb chops and was able to hook us up when they came out of the kitchen. They were definitely a hot item. 
Unfortunately, the building staff in the lobby were not so great. They were rude and inappropriate. That's definitely not the best last impression to have. 
I wish I could be adding a ton of view pictures but the rain but a damper in any of that activity. I'll just need to go back for brunch. It's a bit pricy at $50 per adult, however sounds like a great special occasion option. 
Pro-tip: if you are my friend and are getting married, please book this venue, as I would like to attend. Thanks a bunchFamily from suburbs here to visit so I thought it would be a fun thing to do. It's a pricey brunch at 50 pp but I have to say the food was worth it. Everything tasted amazing and fresh and cooked to perfection...not easy to do on a buffet. And our waiter could not have been nicer. Attentive, friendly, helpful, patient. I will definitely be back.My experience today was nothing short of great! My fiancé brought me here for brunch and I loved it. I thought we got our monies worth! The waiter was attentive, the drinks were really good and the food was great... I loved the honey stung chicken and waffles!!! My absolute favorite I would come back here just for that lol. I tried just about everything with the exception of the yogurt and sweets. I thought it was a nice variety of things to try. 
Although it was a little gloomy today (rain and fog) I still enjoyed the view it was really nice to see the city from that high upThe view is awesome. The ambiance is... fun for people watching. 
Collected thoughts while at Sips at Top of the Tower: 
"This is the kind of place where someone would pick you up with a business card."
"So this is where young professionals hang out after college." 
"Everyone here has an MBA."
"God, it's gotta be hard to wear heels all day. Do people wear heels all day?"
"When this is over it's going to be a mass exodus back to Manayunk." 
Most of the time at Sips I try to go to a place that normally I wouldn't go because it's pricey, fancy stuff. The fare at Top of the Tower (#TOTPhilly) is fairly normal, red and white wine, a few beers, and chicken wings and fried mac n' cheese (which, honestly, the fried mac n' cheese is good). Nothing to rave about, but it's a cool place. When you go to Sips at #TOTPhilly it's because it's on the 51st freaking floor and that's pretty cool. I went here 2 years ago and they were not letting us onto the deck (can you even call it a deck that high up? I don't know!) but that is totally a thing now, which you can choose from the Eastside party central that has music blasting and, or the Westside which is much more chill (but was a lot windier when I went). I think the purpose of #TOTPhilly doing Sips is to get the word out about the banquet hall (that's what it is) and advertise its availability for all your future swanky corporate events. It is a weird environment for like, a bar? For the beginning of Sips it was mostly the young, profesh crowd, and then diversified with people not wearing business casual and several freshly 21 year olds. It's an interesting place. Totally instagrammable. And your ears will pop on the elevator but that's OK.I have an affinity for heights and today my guy surprised me by taking me to brunch here. The service was phenomenal! The views were spectacular! The food was good but I wasn't blown away. The highlights for me were the fresh fruit, the fried chicken, the creme brûlée French toast and the cheese and wild mushroom "tortilini" (it was ravioli). Our included cocktails were good. I got hot tea and they use tazo brand. A few of the items were meant to be hot but weren't. I didn't try the omelette bar. It was a little spendy at $50/pp but we enjoyed our visit.This is not a restaurant per se but an "event" site which masquerades as a restaurant on Sunday.  As an "event" site where you might host a reception, it's amazing with its spectacular views from the 51st floor.  As a destination for brunch it falls a little short of spectacular. As you arrive in the lobby of this office building you are greeted by a hostess who checks for your reservation. She then directs you to the bank of elevators where an elevator operator opens the door for you and sends you up to the 51st floor. When you exit the elevator, you're greeted by the manager and a hostess who escort you to your table. This all feels very special. The dining room is non-descript and lacks any real character.  The piped in music ranges from Duran-Duran to Ella Fitzgerald. It would be nice to hear a live jazz trio or even a pianist.  The staff was pleasant and the manager was very attentive.  The food was inconsistent though.  The omelette station, carving station, cocktail shrimp and breakfast bar were all excellent. However the waffles were extra hard after sitting under a heat lamp, the jerk chicken was unrecognizable. The accompanying side dishes, such as the mashed pigeon peas and string beans were bland and over cooked. The sushi rolls lacked any imagination or diversity.  I can get better sushi rolls from any supermarket.  The complimentary cocktail (mimosa) was good and the honey fried chicken was also a nice surprise.  All in all the positives outweighed the negatives. With a little tweaking, this could be a top five brunch spot.  The people around us seemed to enjoy themselves. There was a lot of pleasant conversation and picture taking from the large windows which overlooked all of Philadelphia.Attended Skybrunch at Top of the Tower yesterday and it was excellent! I loved the extensive choice of foods! From the typical brunch fare - omelette station, bacon, sausage and french toast to honey kissed fried chicken and even sushi - it was all excellent.  Loved the complementary cocktail, too! 
The venue itself is fabulous, in my opinion, but I may be biased - I had my own wedding there in 2001 and everything seemed as great yesterday as it did 14 years ago. We definitely will be back for the wonderful brunch and views of the city!Being a catering service, the place seemed very frat-like or a perfect place for business events. There was a huge mixture of people, from business casual to clubbing attire. It was very nice being on top of the tower. The service was good. The prices were okay since we went to summer sips. The selection of drinks were very limited. It was also annoying that it was a cash only bar. Not too sure if I would come back because it was not my kind scene. It is a great place for a group gathering.A very cool experience! There was a wide variety of food which was good; however some of the items were cold and should've been replaced more frequently. My favorites were the honey fried chicken and scalped potatoes. We decided to get our money's worth and try as much food as we could. The views were incredible! (So glad we got a window seat) Not to mention, there is an observation deck you can check out! Overall, it was an awesome experience. I would recommend to anyone for something a little different.This review is for CC Sips, which is the only time outside of Sunday brunch it is open to the public. Located on the 50th floor, it's all about the views! 5 stars for the view alone! Regularly this is an event space, and it looks it. It also explains why it's cash only at the various drink & food tables, although there is an ATM. 
I tried the fried mac & cheese balls per another yelpers suggestion, and despite being big, they were bland & dry. Only saving grace was the salsa verde served w/ it, along w/ some pecan smoked bacon I added from the hot dog condiment bar. Still wouldn't recommend them tho even with those additions. 
There are lots of nice nooks & crannies throughout the window spaces to hang out taking in the views. They also have tables set up in every room to have a seat & enjoy the food options, along with a dj spinning some tunes. 
Would definitely recommend checking this place out for drinks, if you don't mind paying cash, just go elsewhere if you're hungry.A date suggested that we go to Top of the Tower for Summer Sips. Still kind of a newbie to Philly, I had to google all of that just to figure out what it meant. 
Top of the tower turned out to be a breathtaking view of Philly+ from 51 stories above. Summer Sips offers great drink deals citywide at participating establishments. Before we knew it, two hours had passed. It's a great way to get to know someone new! 
Some pro tips:
- A $4 glass of wine tastes much better when enjoyed on the 51st floor. 
- If the balcony isn't open, definitely come back when it is! The dizzying view, the wind coming around the corner by the Comcast Building and the conversations you'll overhear set to some thumping background music is worth it. 
- Do not set your empty or full glass on the balcony ledge. A man in black is watching. 
- The menu is 75% chicken. Skip the food if you don't like or eat chicken. You're also in luck if you like macaroni. 
- The line for the wine and beer is way shorter than the mixed drinks line. 
- I know that some people are more entitled to wonderful things than others, but please give others a chance to have a few moments for photo ops and conversation at the balcony ledge. 
Go, get tipsy and see your crazy city from a view you probably didn't realize was so accessible!My husband and I were married at Top of the Tower this past April, and we can't imagine a better wedding! We had a complete Top of the Tower experience. We had our rehearsal dinner with a seated meal on the 51st floor on Friday night and then had both the ceremony and reception on Saturday evening. Everything went off without a hitch. The staff was amazing throughout the entire process. We had everything we needed, wanted, and more! They answered any questions promptly and made me feel completely comfortable. It was great to work with people who you feel like you can trust from the initial meeting. 
Our guests are still talking about the wedding. The food was AMAZING! I highly recommend going with stations to provide variety for your guests. The unique floor plan and layout keeps things interesting and your guests will love being able to utilize the entire 50th floor.
We think about our wedding everyday and wish we could do it all again. Thank you to everyone Top of the Tower!RE: CC Sips experience.
I shall start with the good.  The view.  The view.  The view.  
The space is open, airy and nicely done, though there are only stairs (that I saw) to get to the second level of the space.  The food was tasty, but then I was also starving since it took me forever to get said food.  They may as well have put dirt on my place, and I would've eaten it.
Service was abominable.  I spent close to 30 minutes standing in one line to get a drink.  You buy tickets at the bar so you can stand in another line for food.  And there was only one girl at this bar that served drinks AND processed tickets (CASH ONLY).  She didn't have a care in the world or any place to be any time soon.  Meanwhile, my mouth was salivating and my stomach was screaming like a banshee.
I would consider this place for hosting an event such as an office holiday party.  But I will not be going back here for a CC Sips experience, unless I hear they've changed their operations.Just had brunch here with the family.  Awful!!  This is not a restaurant.  It's a big banquet room with lots of tables set up.  The service is adequate but nothing great.  The only thing it has going for it is the view.
Food was terrible.  Smoked lox was dry and tasted as if it came from a grocery store package.
Shrimp was the frozen kind that you find in the freezer section of the food store.
Prime rib was tough and the merlot sauce was cold and clumped.  I think you get the idea.
For fifty dollars a person you could do better anywhere else but here.Went here for the first time with 3 other people. I don't think I will return because it is overpriced and the food was kinda mehhh.
Pros: the view is breathtaking and the service wasn't terrible (hostess and the 2 men manning the buffet were nice but our waiter seemed to disappear a lot)
Cons: the price, food is mediocre and there is not a lot to choose from given the price, and coffee was coldVisited the Sky Garten Wednesday evening.   Not a fancy place, but the view from the outdoor balcony compensates for everything.   A nice crowd of people enjoying looking at the city from a different perspective.   We are right next to the Comcast Building and enjoy the reflections and a good look at the new Comcast building going up.  Get there while you can.
It opens 6pm to 10 pm Weds thru Fri and 5pm to 11pm on Saturday.   Don't know how long it will be open.   If you do go, be sure to count your change.   I gave a $20 and got change for a $10....it can happen, right?   Sure, but when I pointed the error out, the bartender's response was immediate with no reaction at all.   Made we wonder, has this happened before?!?We love coming here for Sunday brunch and special holidays!  Service is ALWAYS top shelf. The Cloud 50 mimosa is awesome! The views are worth the trip into the city.LOVE LOVE LOVE. I heard this place was amazing and had to try it for myself. I didn't realize that reservations needed to be made far in advance, but luckily there was a cancellation so we got to eat there. The omelette bar is phenomenal! There are so many options to choose from and the chefs were quite pleasant. The servers were all quite friendly, especially the twins that waited on our table. I also was a huge fan that there was more than just breakfast food! I definitely recommend this place to anyone who enjoys excellent food with a view!My wife and I went with a couple friends last weekend.  Having read the mixed reviews, I was pleasantly surprised by Skybrunch!
First of all, the food was excellent.  The crème brûlée French toast and fried chicken were to die for.  My custom omelet was made with love.  The pecan smoked bacon was crispy and rich.  The sushi was nothing special, but its mere availability at a brunch was a bonus.  And the desserts were delightful.
I was also very pleased with the service.  The co-owner greeted us with a smile and later checked on us at our table.  After our meal, she invited a group of us up to the next floor to experience the view from the outdoor balconies.  Nicest lady ever!
The views were obviously breathtaking.  Honestly I should have paid more attention to the vista during my meal, but I was too busy stuffing myself.Last night I went to Top of the Tower for Center City Sips. I was there twice before- the first time to check out the venue as a potential for my wedding and the second time was for Sips in 2012. 
The view was the main reason Top of the Tower was selected yesterday. I hadn't been there since 2012 so wasn't aware they were now letting people go out on the outdoor patio- added bonus! I probably could have spent the entire time taking pictures. Well except the more drinks I had, the more concerned I was about my iPhone plummeting 51 stories to its demise. Mental note for next time- bring the digital camera with a wrist strap. 
My group wasn't the only one with this thought. We arrived around 5:30 and were able to get our first round of drinks within 5 minutes. As time progressed the lines got pretty long. Even while waiting on the line inside, you could still enjoy the view.  Also, I've never been to a Sips without having to wait in a long line- based on the popularity of the event, its kind of expected so overall it wasn't too bad. 
The drink specials weren't the driving reason to check this place out. The cocktail was a q-ba and golden lemonade. Wine was Sycamore Lane Chardonnay and Cabernet Sauvignon. The beer selection included Yuengling, Yuengling Light and Sam Summer. I had already ordered my Chardonnay before realizing Sam Summer was an option-Sam was my go to drink for the rest of the night. So when we first got there, I saw that there were a lot of people holding solo cups. It looked a little bizarre but then I realized it was for safety purposes. Better a solo cup going over the edge than a wine glass or beer bottle.
The venue itself had been renovated since my list visit. The main room for Sips/wedding ceremonies used to be a lot more open and had a nice staircase coming from the floor above. The staircase and floor plan was one of the compelling reasons it was being considered for my wedding! Now it was just a single floor room that seemed to have a new divider causing it to be smaller. It just seemed like a fairly ordinary room now. 
But back to the views- they were simply breathtaking If you are looking for a venue for an event or for Sips with an astonishing perspective on the city- Top of the Tower is your place.First off it feels like you're in a banquet room in a hotel its so high up the only view is of the buildings roofs, the food was ok but the people serving the food were rude and acted like I was bothering them.  I wouldn't returnSo it's definitely worth going once for the views, they are amazing.  Caveat now: I was only there for SIPS.  In general, I thought it was tight quarters and very crowded. It was hot inside and they need a much improved system for letting people up the elevators.  It was a bit chaotic and security wasn't very pleased with all the loiters down at the bottom.  They had two decent cocktail options and decent beer variety but you could find that at a ton of bars during SIPS.  I just expected a little more.   Note to anyone is venturing there, it's cash only.  They have a "human" ATM but the line can get very very long.Do me a favor: if you are getting married, don't have it in the same place Villanova fraternity's throw their formals.
I first went here as a date for the latter, and thought it was really nice for the occasion. But when you bump the occasion up to wedding status (the reason I was here for the second time -- as a guest, not the bride), it suddenly seems less-than-perfect.
The view is lovely, but with all that is happening in Philly and all the growth, there are a dozen better places with a view (think penthouse roof decks). Top Of The Tower is very cheesy in the fact that was designed a long time ago (both inside and out) and has no wow factors expect for the view from the balcony.
The dining room is....average. And the room where you are suppose to have your ceremony is tres small. 
Please do not pick this place for anything of importance or to show any style at all. Leave it for corporate parties and the like.Welcome to City Sips at The Top of the Tower ! This place  had a great view , decent food , HOWEVER  service was a BIG FAIL.I do not want to stand in line to get a drink or food  when the line wraps around the room. I do not want a bus boy to come around to clear a table until it needs to be cleared unless they open up their mouth and ask me first. There  was unfinished food and drinks that got dumped.Exceptions were the bar service people, those that  were serving food  and the security  after you entered  the floor. More tables could have been added without causing a traffic issue.There is no handicap access to the 2nd floor where another bar and food station were set up. If you are going to sell me a great view  sell me on how great the service is as well .My new favorite Sips spot. Best view in the city. Cheaper drink specials than Marathon and table. Get here early because they cannot wait to kick you out right at 7!This is our third time here and I don't think we'll ever get tired of it! Great view, great food with nice friendly service!My husband and I married here a year ago and everything was perfect! The views are amazing and they work with your budget. All of our guests raved about the views and the food. We did the stations and this is NOT your average catered wedding food. The food and cake were phenomenal. All of that being said, what really set our wedding apart was the service we received. As a bride, they totally eased any stresses and anxieties. On the wedding day, the bride/ bridesmaids and groom/ groomsmen each have a room to get ready in with light refreshments. The bride and groom each had a wedding planner with them to take care of anything. I literally did not have to worry about anything on my wedding day. They make sure everything is set, they make sure you are where you need to be when you need to be there. Ali and Charmaine helped with my wedding and after being to other weddings, it is obvious how much smoother things run with their help. I definitely recommend getting married at top of the tower!We had our wedding at Top of the Tower on what was quite possibly the raniest, most miserable day in July. We chose it primarily for the view, but even though all you could see was clouds for the beginning half of our ceremony and reception, it didn't matter. The food was excellent and our guests are still taking about how much they enjoyed it. The space was all we hoped it could be, and the staff was responsive via email for the months and months before the event. I agree with Lindsey K. - definitely go with the station option for dinner. In addition to the pasta and carvery station we opted for the "Saigon" station, which was a big hit.
Shoutout to Vanessa, Amy, and Dorothy, all of whom were careful planners and lovely ladies. Thanks for helping make our day unforgettable!Love this place! Has the most incredible view of the city. Staff and service was friendly and wonderful. The atmosphere is really nice. We all wanted to stay for hours just to hang out! There was a wide range of delicious food. The mac n cheese was my favorite. My overall experience was great! I would highly recommend this brunch and will definitely be back!Huge waste of money! Go see the one liberty view for a cheaper price and eat somewhere better. The decor, service, and food was not good. Huge huge Easter brunch disappointment!!! The high cost for nothing special.Looking at the past reviews regarding SIPS, everyone was complaining about having to wait forever to get their drinks because there weren't enough bars. Well good news! they've added another bar since the last time I was there and I barely had to wait in line for anything! 
The sliders were all very interesting and delicious. I liked the egg parm the best. Drinks deals are not as good as other places for SIPS but you make up for it with the amazing venue. The view is wonderful. 
I will definitely come back here again for sips.We're having out company holiday party here (which I planned), and they've been pretty accomodating as far as budget v. menu, etc.  I definitely would reccomend this place more for business events (smaller conferences, presentations, etc.) than a social event since it's on the 53rd floor.  (Generally people like to smoke at social events and it's a long elevator ride down to the smoking area...)
Also, give a bit of lead time (at least 3 months) for these guys, as they don't seem to be super organized and take a bit of time to answer questions if they have to go through anyone above the catering manager.Came here for brunch and was extremely disappointed. Mediocre service (definitely understaffed) and mediocre food. I would never return here again because $50 for a terrible breakfast buffet is ridiculous. I can think of better cafeteria food than the what was offered. The food was strangely sweet, usually cold, and often there just wasn't enough out. The rib roast was either extremely dry or pure fat. I asked for hot water twice for my tea and it was always lukewarm.
We came here for Mother's Day brunch, thinking that it would be nice but all 16 of us shared the same agreement: never returning again.
The one good station though we're the omelettes, so if by chance you are unfortunate enough to come here, there is at least one edible food.Brunch was absolutely delicious. The only thing better than the food was the amazing view. Particular favorites include the mac'n cheese and the sushi/smoked salmon table. Would definitely return again, great place to spend a Sunday afternoon.I recently attended a wedding at this venue, and for those considering using this space for a similar reason, I just wanted to offer up this observation:
The sound was terrible.
Don't get me wrong:  the staff was friendly and efficient, the views were amazing, and the setting was clean and well kept for the occasion.  But when your wireless microphone system sporadically cuts out the entire night (basically interrupting the MCs at every turn and almost every person who got up to speak) and without resolution, and the output from your speakers was not well balanced, it can really throw the evening off.
I also do wonder about the odd selection of background music that was played during the speeches (sometimes apparently as an afterthought, as it would start a few minutes after the speaker had started), although my apologies if they were selections picked by the bride/groom - but they seemed odd, out of place, and did more to distract than they did to help the mood.
Consider also the problem with not having the audio for the slideshow already set up so that a seamless transition could be ensured.  Sure, it's not a deal breaker, but it's an unnecessary inconvenience that adds stress to what is already a heavily-coordinated evening.
The venue as a whole was beautiful and the service was commendable overall, but I would hope that they are not resting on the laurels of their strengths, and neglecting to shore up their services when it comes to providing sound and audio for a wedding.  If you are thinking of coming here for your wedding, I would be sure to ask them what they have done to resolve this problem since then.Purchased a living social voucher which included 2 free drinks. Called Sunday morning to make a reservation which was granted for 10:30. Was greeted in the lobby by a hostess who checked names on a list and building security. I was seated promptly but was not placed near the window. The views are breathtaking. The selection is rather limited and the food was bland. The omelette station had 2 attendance and the omelettes differed greatly by who was making it. The omelette my guest received was not able to be eaten. I don't think it was cooked completely. 
The waiter, Guy was nice and attentive. You are allowed to go on the top floor after brunch to take pictures and take in the views. The setting for pictures is breathtaking. People were taking tours for up coming weddings. They also have garden parties on Wednesday. 
I would probably not return for brunch but might check out happy hour.So fun! Great for sips even though it gets crowded the view is too awesome! But remember to BRING CASH! Cash only- they have a human ATM and charge $2 to get cashWe ate here for Easter brunch.  Started off a little slow because our waiter didn't notice us? And we had a pretty bad table location under the stairs by the kitchen, especially when there appeared to be open tables with nice views.  Food was really good but they did not do such a great job of replenishing offerings.  There were times where there was  empty platters which should not be the case at a 50 pp Brunch. Also, we got there and they had a sushi spread that disappeared  before we went up. If I hadn't seen it that would have been fine but for them to run out of sushi before 1 pm on Easter brunch at 50 pp is a little odd.  View was really nice and we had a good time because we don't sweat the small stuff.We were treated so very well...from the moment we entered the building. This was our very 1st time...bringing our guest from Paris for a relaxing brunch above the city. 
The views were magnificent and it was a beautiful day to see everywhere...from the Top...
Brunch was very nice, from the crab claw shooters to great salmon choices and made to order omelets. Drink coupons on Yelp...so everyone enjoyed Bloody Marys and Mimosas.
All of the staff were extremely accommodating and very friendly. We did have a chance to meet one of the partners, who gave us some history of the building, as well as the area. Overall, A really nice homey experience...in the middle of a big city!!Incredibly overpriced for mediocre food. Brunch is $60 a person and there is a lack of options. Brunch is the biggest ripoff in the restaurant industry. Restaurants give the illusion that you are receiving something unique and different. The truth is, you can get what's on the SkyBrunch menu at the majority of breakfast spots in the area. The one good thing about the SkyBrunch ripoff, is the staff. They are incredibly friendly and professional. Other than that, save your money and find a regular restaurant. SkyBrunch is not worth the money.This review is for CC Sips.
I have to say, I was *really* worried about coming for Sips because I heard such terrible things from people who had gone before me, but really, it wasn't that bad.  Here's the play-by-play:
Sips started at 5, and while some people I was meeting got up to the 50th floor at 4:45, by 4:50 the guards were holding people downstairs and not letting anyone go up until 5:00. That was irritating, but it gave some people I was waiting with downstairs the opportunity to run to the ATM in the lobby (they are ca$h only!).
We finally get up to the 50th floor and I realize that they're only using one room for the Sips event (the room where our reception was - the room where we held our ceremony wasn't being used, and it's quite large). There were, however, two bars in that room, and I've heard from various sources that when they went to Sips there was only one bar. I'm not sure if they just didn't realize there was a second bar, but it was there last night.
The line for drinks was long all night, and the selection of drinks was pretty slim. But let's be honest , you don't go to Top of the Tower expecting restaurant-caliber service. It's an event space, and that's how it felt. 
I didn't get to eat any of the food because the way it was all set up was confusing to me and I didn't feel like getting into it. 
I think if you go here with a group of people with the goal of just hanging out, grabbing a drink, etc., it's totally fine. But if you're looking to get wasted and cram food in your mouth, this isn't the place for it.
As always, the view was spectacular and the staff were super nice (especially Dorothy). There is definitely room for improvement, though. They should probably change the location of the bars so the line isn't intruding on your personal space. They should also do something about the food situation - like if you pay X amount of money you can snack all night from a buffet or something. Lastly, they should use the space they have! Don't confine people to one room when the other one is empty.My wife and I recently threw a 50th anniversary party for her parents.  We wanted something memorable.  In researching Philadelphia venues with views, Skybrunch rose to the top of the list.  Initially, we had some trepidation as they are only open for brunch on Sundays and there were minimal descriptions and pictures via the SkyBrunch website and the Open Table site you are taken to, when looking to reserve a private event.  We later discovered that the Skybrunch Facebook page is quite informative with pictures, videos, reviews, etc.  In contacting the venue, I was put in touch with Lisa Byrne who made our decision to book the party a breeze.  Lisa gave us multiple options to consider - whether to reserve a private room (we did), private omelet station (we did) and open bar (we did not).  As our party was around 40 people, Lisa recommended four tables of 10, and this worked out perfectly.  There were large round tables with plenty of elbow room.  Our private room was the 'Observation room.'  It was two stories, the views were outstanding, and there was substantial room to spread out and enjoy each others company.  When booking a private room, some of the brunch stations are included in your room to reduce crowding, such as the sausage, bacon and dessert selections.  We opted for the private omelet station, which I highly recommend.  However, the layout of the brunch stations in the hall made it seem as though it was a continuation of our private event and they were continually replenished.  The perfect weather helped to make for a spectacular views throughout the venue.  Not only were the views from our room amazing (facing the Benjamin Franklin bridge), but you could also partake in the panoramic views from the observation deck on the 51st floor  The food quality ranged between good and excellent with a variety of choices for every eating preference.  The honey-stung fried chicken, potatoes au gratin, and italian mac n cheese were notable winners for us.  Lisa could not have been more helpful and the staff more attentive, which certainly contributed to our most memorable event.  Our friends and family are still talking about it.This place is awesome. I recommend the bacon, sushi, and prime rib. Service staff couldn't be more polite. If there was more than 5 stars they'd get it. Reminds me of Boston legalI'm a big fan of Top of the Tower, I have been here plenty of times for various occasions including Fraternity formals and Sips. The view of Philadelphia is pretty amazing from the 51st floor of this building. Top of the Tower is a fun place for Sips because it is not your mainstream outdoor crowded Sips location like Marathon/Table 31(Now Chops). It has an outdoor patio area, it is not super crowed, and they have actual Sips specials.  I think this is the place to be for your first round or two on Wednesdays during the summer for Happy Hour. The only thing that disappointed me was when things actually started shutting down at 7PM on the dot. Booo. Anyway, I will definitely be back to enjoy my $4 Chardonnays.First visit here was for Sips -- the views are amazing and will keep me going back. Small but satisfying drink selection. One bartender hasn't mastered the art of pouring a beer and also wasn't nearly as generous with the wine pours as all the others. All in all, a classy place to stop for Sips after work in center city.Went to SkyGarten for Center City Sips and it was extremely crowded. People definitely come here for the view, which is beautiful, but the insane amount of people and lines to get a drink/get out on the deck are a bit ridiculous. There was nothing special about the drinks or appetizers. I was extremely hungry so I settled for a bratwurst sandwich, and it was pretty gross. The only other options were pretzel sticks with beer cheese and potato pancakes. Definitely bar food, but I'm not a fan. I feel like you have to come here at least once for the view though.I came here for Sips twice! The view is AMAZING! The view and venue is grand to the point where this would be the top place for me to have my wedding (like 5 years down the line). This place is only open for private events so it was nice that they opened it up for the public for Sips this year. 
Food -- The drinks were good (I like the madras) but not very strong.  The appetizers are a good deal ($5 each for six wings, three sandwiches, or mac & cheese) but you get what you pay for. The wings were good and flavorful but the cheesesteak sandwich was a bit dry. The mac and cheese was also burnt.
Service -- Make sure to bring cash or have LevelUp on your phone to pay. You also need to buy a food ticket at the bar for food. Most people don't realize that there's a bar upstairs too so you don't have to wait as long upstairs to get drinks. 
Atmosphere -- If you are coming for Sips, the crowd is very mixed from people in business suits to people in shorts and flip-flops. 
Be sure to come here before Sips is over!Great view. Food was ok. Not very quick to replenish the buffet. The free cocktail was nice. Very cold inside. Hostesses seemed like it was their 1st day.Took my mother for brunch was very nice food excellent and service even better.  A place to treat yourself don't  cheat yourself.Heard about the brunch reading about the Beer Garden they are planning on opening there later this spring, and thought the menu looked intriguing. We made a reservation about two weeks in advance, and Sunday morning my wife and two-year old daughter dined there. No issue finding the place or parking, booking through Open Table was super easy. It was a rainy, grey day but the views were still exquisite. The brunch was as advertised - fantastic. Donnie was our server and couldn't have been better. Guy helped him out and also did a great job. One drink is included in the price, and they make a great "Silver Lining" Bloody Mary. The omelette station had all the regular options plus a few really special ones - shrimp & chorizo with homemade black bean and corn salsa for one, and a a few great cheese options, including homemade smoked mozzarella. The seafood table was a dream - loved the crab claw shooters in salsa verde. Walk all around because the dessert options were different in various places - and they were all great. The biscuits and scones were great. The honey-kissed fried chicken might have been the overall highlight - the skin was almost honey sweet. Never had anything like it. My wife loved the creme brûlée french toast, and my daughter loved everything. Not inexpensive, $50 a pop for the two adults and my daughter was free. Excited for later in the spring when we can brunch and then pop right in to the beer garden and enjoy a few good brews. Well worth it for a special treat of a brunch on a nice occasion. Really excellent.No way in my clear conscious I can recommend TOT, or leave them a good review. 
I'll start with good things first - all of the bartenders and serving staff were very nice, helpful, and friendly. Their chef is amazing, as food was absolutely delicious.
TOT have spectacular views, which is why my husband and I choose them in a first place. 
Unfortunately not all of our guests had a good time, and in fact half of them, including my dad, myself and my husband left hungry. 
I suggest to read this review BEFORE SIGNING any CONTRACT with TOT, as it might help you save money and unnecessary stress. 
We met Mary (director of social sales) during our tasting, after brief introduction we started working on our BEO (Banquet Even Order) - she said that she'll need to know exactly how many guests are having which entry for the wedding, I pointed out to her that our package includes our guests choosing entry on the spot, to what she replied that she'll give it to us for "free" as our wedding present. (at first I let it go and didn't say anything to be polite, but than why say that it's "free" when we are already paid for it?)
Also, multiple things that were discussed over the phone with Mary and Vanessa, if the were not in writing they conveniently "forgot" that we spoke about it. 
On our wedding day Mary expected us to follow BEO to the minute exactly, while they themselves were 40 minutes late with food. 
We agreed that salad will be served at 7:10 - while everyone eats my husband and I entertain the guests.
All guests were sitting hungry, awkwardly looking at us and waiting for food to be served until 7:45-7:50, when first salads were brought out, also causing out wedding program to be delayed by 40 min. Main entry was served right on time at 8:15.
At 8:20-25 sun started to go down, and of course the view was just breathtaking. Many guests got up from their seats to go to the windows to take pictures, only to come back to the table few minutes later and find their plates with main entry gone. Everyone was confused and came up to me asking why was their barely touched food was taken. 
Unfortunately there things went from bad to worse.
Manager David Keys made a scene in front of everyone!
I came up to David asking why were they taking guests plates away when it's not even 10 min since they were served. He started yelling, and I was taken aback, I asked him to stop speaking to me to me like that, he kept yelling and getting louder by the second, CAUSING a SCENE. Second time I asked him to please LOWER HIS VOICE, and he just kept going... at that point guests were looking and started to approach me when I ran to the back door towards the kitchen. I was barely holding myself not to burst out crying. (not to sound like a drama queen, but it still bring tears to my eye just remembering it)
Then my husband asked David why plates are being taken away (when no where in BEO it said for plates to be taken away 10 MIN AFTER THEY WERE BROUNG OUT) and common sense dictates, it's a beautiful view people get up to take photos, come back NOT EVEN A MINUTE LATER TO FIND THEIR FULL MEAL IS GONE!
Again, multiple guests came up to me to asking if I was alright, and why was that man yelling ...I could barely hold all of my emotions together as the night went on...I almost bursted into tears several times after incident with David. 
Yes we tried to make the best of it since this was our wedding day after all, but unfortunately our day was RUINED.
TOT, you as wedding venue, if you provide this type of service to people, you have to understand you leave a mark in our lives! This event goes down in our history, in pictures, videos, and in our guests and our memory. 
Well I was humiliated on my wedding day!
We arrived on time, left one time, and did everything as was as expected of us. While you delayed our program, that we gave you days in advance.
I'm going to skip over little things that were agreed upon and in BEO that were also not delivered by TOT, and only focus on service provided by Mary White and David Keys. 
Mickey (owner) tried to stick up for his employees, and even tried telling us that no such things happened, to what we stated that we will get pictures and video from our photographers for proof, after that he quickly agreed that service was "less than superb". Honestly I haven't seen a bully like him since my middle school days!
We paid a lot of money for this venue and food, we even brought more people that we initially agreed upon, all payments were made on time, and for what, for half of the guests to go home HUNGRY after a wedding? For Bride to be YELLED at and HUMILIATED ?  It's simply not acceptable! 
TOT DID NOT HONOR their promises or BEO we signed !
I should have gotten some references from other brides/grooms.
I hope this review helps and saves you from unnecessary stress on your special day.3.5 stars. I was here for a wedding. #1- the view is breathtaking. #2- the staff is amazing... Tony in particular was the sweetest server, so kind and hard working. 
5 stars for cocktail hour. Great selection of food, great assortment of cocktails, large space to mingle, amazing staff. Highlight of the night.
3 stars (a generous rating) for the sit down meal- maybe I ordered the wrong entree (chicken), the steak looked delicious. 
1 star for the mold growing on the roof outside! The view was obstructed by lots and lots of moss and mold. Ew.My fiance and I were looking into the Top of the Tower as possible wedding venue. The views are spectacular and the layout is fairly straightforward (a bit of a maze for the bride to get to the ceremony space, though). However, the food was so-so (chicken and fish were dry and the presentation was sorely lacking--the brown food swam in a puddle of brown sauce). And worse was that they refused to give us references from brides/grooms (they told us to check out The Knot and WeddingWire!). Sigh, so we are still on the search for an easy-to-work-with venue with a good reputation.This is definitely one of Philadelphia's cooler brunch spots, given that you are on the 50th (or 51st) (I forget) floor of a skyscraper. I purchased our seats on Travel Zoo. Reservation made on open table. The cost includes one brunch cocktail per person. I don't think I would pay normal price for this brunch, doesn't seem like it would be worth it. 
What makes this experience what it is, two words: THE VIEW. It's gorgeous. I recommend getting there early to get a window seat. The food is pretty good. It isn't the best brunch I've had, but it's good. The chicken and waffles are my absolute favorite. The vibe of the dining area is reminiscent of a banquet. I would assume this is where they hold weddings.
The service is great. They will even take you up to the next floor above and you can go outside and take amazing pictures. Definitely a cool experience!It was just OK! A $50.00 breakfast should wow a person. It was obvious as we walked in, that this was mostly "out of the box" food! Nothing really outstanding. The bagels were still frozen, the sushi offering was not rolled there and very very limited. The shrimp were right out of a bag... not even steamed on the premises. The pastries, I think, were from the Sam's Club good stuff! So the atmosphere is nice (50 floors up) but the decor needs a shot in the arm. Staff was very attentive and pleasant.We loved the amaazing views but were a bit underwhelmed overall. The Sips happy hour had some $5 food plates of which my recommendations would be the fried mac and cheese or tangy yummy BBQ wings. There was wine and some sponsors selling beers at great prices, but I'm not sure if I would go too out of my way to come here again. We crammed around standing a bit awkwardly trying to eat and drink at one of the few high tables. The crowd was very pleasant and there was a DJ. We couldn't find the balcony but enjoyed the views from inside. This would make a really good venue for a special event, but there are many other happy hours out there with more personality that I prefer to frequent.Went for Valentine's brunch and t was great! The views are amazing and the brunch is also good. 4 stars mostly due to price, but the food was delicious--everything from omelettes to sushi to prime rib and even desserts. Great place to visit!Sorry, the view is good but the rest is not up to the price tag. Selection was nothing to brag about.
The bread wasn't good. Only had one meat selection. Filthy carpet, really not impressed. Will not recommend it.Third time at Skybrunch and we like it more every visit. Brought our moms today and created new fans! Started planning our next visit before the first bite.1st time here and will be back! The service was awesome. So much food to choose from and had to try all of it. All of it was real good but what stands out is the honey glazed fried chicken and Mac n cheese. 
I can't find one negative to give this this place 
Sky garten next stopI've been waiting to try this and finally got the chance to this past weekend. I actually able to find a Travel Zoo deal for SkyBrunch. It was $69 vs. their standard costs for an adult brunch. I made reservations through OpenTable and it was painless. Pretty easy to find parking on a Sunday for free so we didn't use the Parking Garage. I thought it would be a lot nicer and classy but the dining rooms were mediocre banquet rooms. The service was AWESOME. Everyone was very nice and our waiter, Jerme was very nice and attentive. He even remembered that I put my boyfriend's birthday celebration down and brought us a special dessert with a candle. So nice of him!!!
The food was pretty good. It wasn't the best brunch I've ever had but it was delicious and we can now say, we ate there. I don't think I'd go back unless I had another deal or someone was paying for me lol. They had fresh fruit, pastries, desserts, carving stations, omelette stations, and lots of hot foods. My favorites were the honey fried chicken, creme brulee french toast, and the mac and cheese. I was able to try a little bit of everything. Their bacon was thick and perfectly cooked. I just thought there would be more food to be honest. Their menu looks huge online, but it was just a row of food in the main hallway. My boyfriend said his pork tenderloin was dry and the prime rib was overdone. But he did love the fried chicken and the desserts. Worth a try, but definitely not a usual Brunch spot for us.
The view is awesome, but you can also go to the Sky Garden to get the same view.Mediocre food selection, tasty food, but very disappointing ambiance, decor and atmosphere.
There is definitely a demand for brunch buffets in the city, so props to SkyBrunch for capitalizing on the opportunity- but there's no way this would survive if not for the city view and popularity of the venue for private events. They roll out some tables, throw on standard tablecloths and set up small food "stations" in the hallway. The music selection playing throughout breakfast was incredibly confusing and inappropriate for a Sunday brunch. Overall it just felt very unorganized and uninviting. The food I did have was good, but the selection was not worth $50 per person (especially the obviously refrigerated sushi). A for effort and I'm sure it's a great venue if you bring in decorations, but unfortunately I don't have any desire to return, and likely wouldn't recommend for the price.Very disappointing. Used to be a 5 but now that they limited the food options def not a 5 anymore. Food is still good but this place is deteriorating. My advice go back to your old brunch menu  and do some renovations this place is outdated and has A LOT of potentialIf a cash bar wedding/frat party is your scene, then you should definitely check out Top of the Tower.  If you're really just going to marvel at the view and sip $4 wine during Center City Sips, then don't say I didn't warn you.
Obviously, the view is what makes this place.  A 360 panorama of the city from the 50th floor is not something the average folk get to see every day.  Apparently there is a balcony, but either it was closed on the night we went, or I didn't feel like crawling my way through the throngs of 20-somethings to get there.
There are several mini-bars throughout the banquet area and getting a drink is a quick task.  The bartenders were very friendly, but if you're the type who likes to sit and chill at the bar, well this is not the place as there are no seats.  If you want to sit down, there are a number of tables, so just stalk one until people get up and you can snag their seat.
The music is numbingly loud, so be prepared to get to know today's top Bieber hit and see the video (there is a big screen for this).  There is food, which is $5 and set up much in the way a buffet-style wedding would be catered.  We had the fried macaroni, which was decent.  
I came for the view and now that I've seen it, I doubt I'll be back - unless someone I know has an event here, in which case, I should probably get some wealthier friends.I have to remind myself that anything gimmicky will never have good food. You are paying for a view. A view which is neat, but save yourself the money and just come for cc sips. 
If you've ever been to the Borgata or Disney World you've experienced a far better buffet. They are even plying  you here with a free cocktail! Supposedly there are crab claws? Not this Sunday. The shrimp was okay, but had a funny lime aftertaste? My bf tried both smoked salmons, but only finished them because he felt wasteful otherwise. The carved ham was about the best thing. The fresh fruit was either bitter or underripe. The gratin potatoes and mac n cheese were terribly greasy. The string  beans were a mix of overcooked mush and raw. The desserts were very meh. The whole thing felt like they kept the wedding tables from last night up and fed us leftovers. Don't even get me started on the omelette station! Oh and please don't serve me hot tea in an Irish coffee glass. 
Then after you leave feeling kinda hungry, but kinda gross that you ate that food you have to deal with getting out of the scariest parking garage ever. If zombies don't get you a car going the wrong way will. 
Do yourself a favor go to the borgata!Rooftop terrace plus alcohol has summertime written all over it! I am glad Philly is stepping up its game and offering food and drinks with amazing views of this beautiful city. The terrace is just a terrace. There is no seating or twinkling lights like you may find at other rooftop bars. The views, though, are breathtaking. Be sure to hold on to your cellphone or camera tightly when taking photos. I was able to get a beer for only $4 versus at least $10 at NYC rooftop bars. Score!  There are some light bites available to purchase. 
This bar is CASH only. There is an ATM located next to the elevators but try to avoid additional bank fees and get cash ahead of time. 
Note that the tower is only open on Sundays for brunch and Wednesdays during CCSips. It gets crowded here during Sips. I suggest getting here at or around 5pm (when it opens).Purchased a living social voucher which included 2 free drinks. Called Sunday morning to make a reservation which was granted for 10:30. Was greeted in the lobby by a hostess who checked names on a list and building security. I was seated promptly but was not placed near the window. The views are breathtaking. The selection is rather limited and the food was bland. The omelette station had 2 attendance and the omelettes differed greatly by who was making it. The omelette my guest received was not able to be eaten. I don't think it was cooked completely. 
The waiter, Guy was nice and attentive. You are allowed to go on the top floor after brunch to take pictures and take in the views. The setting for pictures is breathtaking. People were taking tours for up coming weddings. They also have garden parties on Wednesday. 
I would probably not return for brunch but might check out happy hour.I came here for Sunday brunch for my birthday with the bf and three friends.  I made the reservation ahead of time with no issues.  The menu on the website sounded really great for a brunch buffet.  The most memorable, obviously is the one at LaCroix.  I was hoping that SkyBrunch could match that level for a slightly lower price.
The best part of the place is definitely the view.  Every angle of the city is gorgeous at this height.  
The food at brunch was just so ordinary.  The best I would say would have been the fried chicken.  The egg station is just a joke.  I make better scrambled eggs at my house.  Gah, the scrambled eggs at LaCroix were so heavenly.  The person at the station didn't seem like he knew what he was doing.  He made my friend's omelet look so unappetizing that she didn't eat it.  
There was sushi but most of it was gone.  The meat station was sad looking.  Desserts were okay but not spectacular.  For $50 per person, you do get an alcoholic beverage but even this did not make up for the mediocre food. 
Definitely stick to LaCroix for Sunday brunch buffet!