I have a few issues with this place regarding the quality of food for the high price. I would/should be giving it 2 stars based on the food alone, however, the service was so good to warrant a full star on that alone- & I evaluate a place based not only on the food but on the entire experience.
So, the food: if you have it on the menu, you better have it in the kitchen. They were missing a few things which was very disapponting. We shared the scallops which were the best part of the meal- but for $3.33/scallop it better be good. I settled for the salman which was nothing special (salmon is usually a fail safe for me, I always get it if nothing else jumps out at me on the menu- so I've had a lot of salmon throughtout my life.) It was accompanied by heavily peppered carrots & green beans and a "root puree" which was just a fancy way of saying mashed potatoes.... which was a tease because I was expecting sweet potato, parsnips or SOMETHING better than a root vegetable I am already fully aware of. Drinks were decent: my bf had a bourbon/cherry martini & I had my favorite- a dry, dirty grey goose martini. Hard to mess those up , though. Desserts were a puffed pastry that lacked any real flavor & a coconut creme brulee that was actually quite good- but just like a baked potato- is pretty hard to mess up. Like I said before- the one waitress that was manning the entire floor & bar did an exceptional job. She was friendly, thorough & attentive- she deserves a shout out.Our monthly tradition of grazing on Starters continues to be an amazing experience.  This time we didn't stop with our old standbys.   We ordered Mac n Cheese, Goat Cheese, Calamari, Crab Cake, and Egg Rolls.  What I love about this place is it's clear that nothing is pre-made because it arrives at our table looking fresh and alive.  Colors and aroma hit you the minute it lands on the table.  So popular with locals, the bar has 6 single diners chatting and feeling comfortable and clearly enjoying eating a meal they thought were eating alone. The overall feeling we get when we come here is - home.   Comfortable asking questions on menu and recommendations.  When paring wine with food, they are not shy in making alternative suggestions.   This alone makes us want to come back.  Service, in my opinion, is the key to forgiveness and LOYALTY.  The food has been consistent and a delight each time.   Tonight in particular if We had to pick a favorite - we can't.  We are arguing over each of our favorites and we can pick a winner among four adults.  So hats off to The Chef - we can't pick a single winner so the award must go to Slate - tonight YOU are our local favorite.   Keep up the amazing job!We are regulars at Slate, and have been for the 6 years or so they've been open.  This is one of our go to places, and we've never had a bad meal here.  Last night, I had the mixed greens salad, and the mussels, which is the only place in the city that I feel has great mussels.  My husband had the hangar steak, which was done to perfection, and very tender (he gave me a bite).  The drinks are generous, as are the food portions,  Good job Slate!I really enjoyed my dinner at Slate. Our waitress was great. The food was really good and well priced especially considering the location. My wife and I split the short rib mac and cheese which was as good as I hoped it would be though it's not really meant for sharing - I suggest you get your own. My wife had the salmon which she liked and I had the Slate Burger. I had heard so much about it in reviews that I just had to have it. While it wasn't the best burger I've ever had it was quite good. Fresh, local ingredients made it worth the try. They also have a good beer menu to go along with the lively bar scene. 
My only problem with the place was the noise. Apparently I'm 32 going on 65. I guess I was expecting a nice quiet dinner and I had to shout across the table to talk to my wife. 
Slate. Not amazing, but very good food and prices. Bring ear plugs.We wandered into Slate because the wait for brunch at Day by Day was longer than we were willing to wait. Unfortunately, getting seated immediately at Slate does not imply that you will get your food any faster. There were two other people in the restaurant when our party of six was seated but, despite the emptiness, our food somehow took 45 minutes to make. When we asked about the status of our meal we were told that they were doing their best but to keep in mind that "we were a six-top without a reservation..." Personally I think that having or not having a reservation seems rather irrelevant when your restaurant has plenty of open tables...
In conclusion, I've experienced better and faster service. 
If you have the time, the brunch is good (I enjoyed the frittatas and home fries/chips - although that may have been my hunger talking).This is the WORST!  OVER PRICED!  3 Little scallops (COLD!!! and cut in half!!!---they were about 1/4 inch thick!) for $10!  The other apps I got were rediculously over priced!!!  The Bartender was Very Nice!  I got take out.  I got home and almost cried! After eating $30 worth of food, I was STILL HUNGRY!!!!  NEVER AGAIN!!!!!MIMOSAS!
I've had brunch here twice and I love it! Yes, I love mimosas! I've had blood orange and orange. My first time there I had their Eggs Benedict Lorraine and it was tasty. Second time, I had their Slate Stuffed Burger with truffle fries. I love truffle fries! The burger was big and juicy... I was stuffed!
Their food is so good, inexpensive and the service is great! The seating inside is pretty dark but there are 2 tables outside and seats by the window. Whenever I was here for brunch, there was never a wait and not that many guests. Parking is street but easy to find if you're there for Sunday brunch. Just be mindful of the meters and time limits!I haven't awarded five stars in a year. But Slate worked for it handsomely. First, it's pet friendly outside. That gets them kudos. Then they honored a reservation for Sunday Brunch with only 45 minutes of anticipation. Which was awesome.  Then there was the mimosas, not too watery, not too "champagney"...  That was just right...    Then there was the service, which was impressive.  And then there was the food, excellent presentation and great taste.  Can't ask for more.  Beats the pants out of 99% of the places in DC, particularly in their pet friendly atmosphere.  
In DC, they have a fence around the al fresco dining tables and in the 1% of restaurants that allow Fido, pets are only allowed outside the fence, which means literally out on the street.  Phoey on that.
The brunch food at Slate was outstanding.  Two of us had the steak and eggs, both cooked to perfection.  One of us had the French Toast with an apple confite.  And yet another had the scrambled eggs with ham.  That was also good.  Lastly, my BF had the eggs benedict and he was licking his fingers.
Overall I was impressed with this place as far as Brunch goes.  They did their very best on all fronts, and are richly deserving of the only 5-star I've given this year.Ready to head off to a movie in an hour, we sat at the bar for a beer and burger.  The $11 burger was dense and moist.  The beef is locally sourced.  The rosemary french fries were very good.  My friend Bill had the pulled pork and cheddar sanwdich with mustard fries.   We started with a grilled cheese and bread salad.   Staff was attentive and the food came out quickly.  
The owner (?) was behind the bar and gave us the low down on the renovations from the previous Cuban place.
We looked at the Noble menu around the corner, but I told my friend that I was not in the mood for $30 entrees.   I can see Slate as being a neighborhood, chill dinner place for locals.We went with another couple who suggested it and although the drinks were good, the service prompt, and the food was good, it was severely overpriced. I realize it's Rittenhouse but the food portion to the hanger steak was absolutely absurd. I ordered a hanger steak fully expecting a decent size steak but instead received a quarter of the size of a normal steak. It was almost insulting. My friend who had been here before and had ordered the steak previously, was shocked and disappointed how small they had made the portion. I don't mind more "European portions" but this was ridiculous. My friend had to end up eating half of his girlfriend's meal because he was still so hungry and he's not a huge portion eater by any means either. It was a Saturday night and the place was absolutely dead, which seemed a bit odd especially on a lovely summer night. Seems this place is hurting financially and has decided to try and cut back on the food costs to the customer's detriment. I have literally had more steak on a steak salad. Good food but just not worth the price.I arrived to a nearly empty restaurant on Sunday night with no one to greet me; actually, no one there at all! No host, no bartender, no server to be seen. I would have walked out right then but I had already made a reservation through Savored. After a few minutes of awkwardly standing in the entrance, the hostess/waitress/bartender emerged from the kitchen to seat us. We started with the spinach & poached egg and beet salads, both of which were good. And then we waited for our entrees, the tilapia special with shrimp, crab and scallops. And waited... After 30 minutes we asked the waitress when we could expect the meals. She proceeded to list off all the occupied tables in the restaurant (3) and inform us that there was only one chef in the kitchen, like it was my problem. So we waited 10 minutes before I asked again, and she assured us they would be right out. But we  still waited and just as we were about to cancel the entrees, they magically appeared. The waitress apologized and offered us a round of drinks on the house. Maybe it was because I was starving, but the entree was actually decent tasting. Just as we were finishing the meal, the waitress brought us out bread pudding, also on the house. It's a shame that the service was so poor because the food was actually pretty good. I appreciated that she tried to make up for the long wait, but the whole experience was so unenjoyable that it just wasn't enough for me.Solid brunch fare. 
Got the eggs in toast. How do they do that magic? Chickens, laying eggs that appear in bread? OMG. Anyway, it was delicious. The only downside was it cooled fast and I like my eggs as hot as poss. 
The restaurant itself was cute and the bathrooms were clean. The service was excellent and the fresh squeezed orange juice didn't appear to be a lie. It was pulpy and good. Mmm. 
This would be a good place for a smallish group to come, there looked like enough seating for up to 6 or 8 at once. So bring everyone you know! Have delicious bread eggs!Good food...but really terrible service. I had the famed Eggs Benedict, which was good (REALLY good hollandaise sauce!) although the Canadian bacon was a little tough.  The dish included potatoes (delicious!) and a decent salad.  
Service was really slow: when we added people to the party, we had to ask for a glass of water, a napkin, and silverware...and then a napkin and silverware...and then a napkin.  Everyone who ordered a drink had to ask for it 3 times to 2 different waitstaff.  I will go back, but only when I'm not in a rush.Stopped in for brunch because Day By Day didn't take plastic and when a friend offers to pick up the tab and needs to use plastic you just find a place that takes plastic. 
Slate was that place. 
Now we didn't go for the full-on hair-o-the dog brunch, although the bar looked amply stocked with top shelf items. Instead we just ordered food and coffee. 
The eggs florentine looked good. The other order was just a straight-up eggs benedict. However, the hollandaise sauce was a litte thin. Runny yolk thin. Spinach was a bit salty for my taste. 
Service was good, coffee was good, ambience good. Solid 3 stars.Went to Slate with a group of 5 for Happy Hour last night (and a small dog last night).  We sat outside on the sidewalk at table.  Our server was the owner I think.   He was very accomodating and hooked our hungry dog up with seemingly endless treats and water.  He's definitely a dog lover.
They have a very solid craft beer list and the wine list was good too.   We hung around for a while and ended up ordering food.  Server recommended the short rib stuffed burger and it was BANGING.  fries were perfect too.  Everyone liked their food.
Will definitely go back thanks to good food & drink options, great service, and outdoor seating.   Thanks!Zucchini Pasta.
That's what caught my eye on their menu and when my planned vegan destination did not work out, I headed for this place.
I sat at the bar and was immediately chatted up by Steven, the bartender who clearly has his own regulars and yet effortlessly blended them together with the new guy. He recommended a great wine pairing and the dish was so well made and each mouthful was as tasty as the first.
He was fun to talk to and gave life and charm to the dark lightening of the restaurant which I first mistook for a gay bar.The first time I went to Slate, I swore never to go back.  The zucchini strand pasta I had there made me run the other way whenever anyone suggested going there for food.  That was 2009.  This is 2012 and I have broken my vow - three times already.  
Intending to walk in somewhere for brunch Mother's Day weekend, my family seriously miscalculated our chances of getting a table anywhere.  Constructively turned away from Day by Day, my dad ducked into Slate down the block.  No Dad! Don't do it, you don't know what you're asking for!  No wait for brunch? Damn.  Begrudgingly, I went in.  Hmm, the brunch menu looked surprisingly good, and affordable.  Interesting.  Still skeptical, I ordered a crab and bacon frittata and waited nervously.  The food took its time coming out (the place seemed very under-staffed), but I was shocked to find that the food was actually worth the wait.  My frittata was probably 9 inches in diameter and had plenty of good crab and bacon flavor.  It came with a nicely dressed side salad that barely squeezed itself on to the plate.  My parents wanted an order of eggs and sausage, which they don't have.  So the waitress had them order the two eggs and sides and the bangers and mash (you get both sausage and eggs).  Not exactly what my parents had in mind, but when it came out, it was more than enough food for 3 people and they actually loved it.  
Because of the great brunch experience, my fiance and I have gone back for dinner a couple times. The crab cake is big and meaty, enough for a very light dinner.  The mussels are delicious and brothy, with the bits of chorizo on top (also big enough for a light dinner).  Their salmon entree is perfectly cooked, crispy on the outside and cooked to order, accompanied by a decadently rich mash.  We also enjoyed their fish special one week, tilapia filet in a wine sauce topped with shrimp and scallops - lots of shrimp and scallops.  
My only criticism of this place is the wait.  It can take a little longer than other restaurants for the kitchen to churn out the food.  The waitress said they have a very small kitchen, so maybe it can't be remedied with more waitstaff.  We also weren't fans of the old fashioned that we ordered.  There was a lot of pummeled fruit in the glass, rye, and not much of anything else - not your typical old fashioned recipe.  But overall, I am a new convert when it comes to Slate.  Their food is reasonably priced, perfectly cooked, and delicious.  And the zucchini strand pasta is nowhere to be found.Slate has a great menu of vegetarian and meat eater friendly items . My dining partners and i recommend the endive, goat cheese, and dried cherry salad app and the pan seared salmon with mixed greens entree for the former, and the hanger steak with truffle fries for the later. Both were excellent. Friendly, helpful service, a relaxing vibe, and reasonable prices make Slate a winner.Rating 2.75
Came here on a Sat around 1 pm - just missed the brunch crowds. There were only 3 other tables where people were eating otherwise the restaurant was empty. However, they only had one waitress who took FOREVER to take our order and the chef took even longer to make it. Otherwise the food was good - ordered a burger, which was excellent but by the time I got it I was so hungry that it probably made it taste better. Not sure. I think it if hadn't been for the wait, I would have rated a 3-star.Such a great addition to the neighborhood!
Very friendly waitstaff, decent ambiance, great food. We went on a Friday night around 8:30-ish and it was mostly empty--but the service was great.
I had the seitan chili ($16) which had a very spicy kick with black pepper yogurt and a hunk of cheddar cornbread on top. Amazing veggie entree. 
My boyfriend had the burger ($10) which he claimed was THE BEST in the city. Better than Eulogy even. I know those are fighting words but.... there you have it. 
Also the wines, at around $8 per glass, were really thoughtful selections. We liked the Malbec & the Rioja.The Slate Burger is rock'n!   I love that burger as I do of many in the city but this little Rittenhouse spot is fantastic.  It's tucked away on 21st Street close to the Helium Club.  It's great when you just got done working in the biz and want to talk, grab a burger and chill.  I see lots of service industry people in that place after their dinner shift is complete...  which is a great sign.   If servers and bartenders chill at this spot- maybe you should too...This is a great low-key place to get a nice sandwich (or mussels, or veg chili, etc., but I haven't tried those items yet).  It's gastro-pub fair for a very reasonable price in a small recently renovated space that boasts a full bar.  Most of the sandwiches with fries were in the $10 - 15 dollar range and the portions were very large without sacrificing any quality.  I had a po' boy and malt vinegar fries and my dining companion had a roasted pork and apple sandwich served with mustard fries.  We both thought everything was excellent.  When we were there, they also had some specials that sounded very good.Great atmosphere.  Mac and cheese app was rather tasty.  but I came for the Slate Burger.  Sadly, it didn't measure up.  I have had it twice, the first time was over the summer and I recall enjoying it so maybe it was an off night.  It sounds delicious: a burger stuffed with mushrooms and short-rib meat.  How can you go wrong?  It was too fatty and half way through, the lower half of my bun had dissolved.  Not sure if I will go back but I doubt it.  Sorry there just isn't much more to say about it.Empty on Sunday nite but still mediocre service. Food was also only so-so. Crab cakes had unpleasant stringy texture and no taste. Def. Not the backfin meat the waiter claimed. Would not do this again.This place is one of the hidden gems located in Center City, Philadelphia. The place has a very cool comfortable vibe filled with aroma of great food. We had the duck spring roll special and goat cheese appetizer. Both were delicious. The spring roll had just enough punch in meat and dipping sauce to make this meal one to remember. The filet was cooked perfectly and the mashed potatoes were the best I had in a long time. The mashed potatoes had just enough garlic and butter to make them savory but not too much to wish you have mouthwash after. I had a glass of Pinot noir that complimented the dish perfectly. Finally, the service was above and beyond than most places. I will be back to try more of what Slate has to offer. All in all a five star review.Just stumbled across Slate while looking for a quaint little place for brunch on Sunday.
Loved it! Possibly, the best Bloody Mary's ever! Spicy with a hint of sweetness. Apparently, the owner makes the mix himself and it's a closely guarded secret.I I have been in search for the best Bloody Mary Mix for years, and would pay for this perfect mix! 
The food was equally as good. I had Eggs Florentine, perfectly cooked. The eggs came with wonderful, tasty potatoes and a side salad. We had an early brunch so not overly crowded which was nice. I sensed that the people that were there, were regulars.
Based on the Blood Mary's alone, it will be easy to become a regular at Slate. Looking forward to going back again soon!!Looking for a casual friendly spot for a moderately priced pre-theater meal near the InterAct theater? Slate fits the bill. 
First of all, our waitress was super friendly.  Another thing I liked about this place --it has a nice selection of beer on draft and in bottles. Our waitress offered to let us taste the draft beer before choosing.  We ended up ordering some really tasty Troegs HopBack ale on draft at $5/pint.  
Tried the pork spring roll appetizer ($6) pretty tasty; Hubby had a crabcake sandwich ($13) and I had a burger with boursin and braised onions ($10). Both were good if not memorable...I liked the spicy cilantro fries that came with my burger though the ones that came with the crab cake weren't as good.
Dessert was an interesting coconut/pineapple creme brulee ($6) and coffee ($3).  Overall our bill came to less than $60.
Overall, a nice experience at Slate.Came here for new years. One of the people at our table got their entre at least a half hour after the rest of the table. I received one drink the entire time I was here. I went to the bar to try and get another drink. It never came. I'm not one to write negative reviews but if I'm going to pay 7 for a cocktail and 20+ for an entre I expect a lot more.Got the $12 for two appetizers LivingSocial Instant Deal.
Chose the shortrib mac & cheese and the scallops.
Great service by the bartender and friendly cook/owner.
The portion of mac & cheese was a good size, it was rich and very tasty.  The shortrib chunks were solid, but nothing amazing. 
The scallops were 3 scallops, cooked perfectly on top of basically a fig jam/jelly.  While not a massive portion size, they were extremely tasty.
Saw the cheese plate being served and it looked great and very big, with almost a whole loaf of baguette, honey, etc..!Awesome awesome!  We were going to Helium comedy and looking for a place to eat. We came across Slate and it was fairly empty. After dining there, I can only assume it was empty because no one knows of this gem. A burger stuffed with short ribs? Creative and delicious!  Salad was great too!  Sat at the bar. The bartender was nice and helpful.  Go here now!All my girlfriends and I love this place! We come here for happy hour frequently and the crispy chickpeas are OUT. OF. THIS. WORLD. Also, all of the staff are charming and incredible. We especially love Elana; very personable but never intrusive, and always willing to accommodate our needs.  Oh yeah, the mojitos are super fresh and super amazing!I have been curious to investigate Slate as I have been hearing good things since it's opening as a compact but well-executed gastropub. So, I came here the other night during the week with a few friends. Overall, I felt a bit disappointed, perhaps my expectations were too high, but I will be giving it another try on a different night.
Ambiance: Nice setting & simple setup. The place was calm as expected for an early weekday night. 
Service: This is the one element that left a distinctly poor impression on my visit but it is also why I will certainly return again to re-review my experience. It was apparent our server was new and probably in training. It did make for a less than perfect meal. Many of the items we attempted to order from drinks to food, was no longer offered... I understand the restaurant can certainly run out of menu items but it would be best to inform the modified menu in the start of the meal rather than to have to repeatedly be told that "That is also out tonight ..." Still not the worse service I have seen, I look forward to my second try.
Drinks: Thumbs up. The wine and beer list was varied with a good number of glass options for the wine. 
Food: As others have written before me, the local burger was enjoyable. The meat was perfectly cooked to a juicy medium (for me). It was a manageable but filling portion with a balance of flavors to boot. However, the fries were cold and the bun was a bit hard/chewy to bite through. The crabcake was nothing particularly impressive. I was expecting more flavor from the mango mayo. 
Overall, while service was a bit off, it was a decent meal.Slate was just what the doctor ordered. After a stressful week, a nice sit down meal seemed like a remedy. But when you are under pressure you might forget about the little things, such as a reservation. A friend suggested Slate might be able to accommodate some poorly planned diners on a Friday night, we decided to give them a whirl. 
Slate welcomed us immediately. We were presented with a very well balanced menu which though not huge seemed to have a little taste of everything. We started with calamari which was lightly battered and heavy on taste. I am usually a carnivore by preference, but the Green Curry Tempeh & Tofu sounded too good to pass up. Bok choy and asparagus with both tempah and tofu pieces in green curry sauce which was flavorful but not so strong as to hide the brightness of the veggies or the nuttiness of the tempeh. My honey had the talapia special which she thought was perfect. Paired with a nice heavy wine pour, slates food was the prescription for our stomach woes. Reasonable pricing and simple ambiance the medicinal effect of a great meal out.Very friendly staff, starters were great. Nice atmostphere, just the right amount of light for friendly conversation or a date.
Had the Bbq Pork Spring Rolls and Roasted Brie & Apricot for starters, finished with the 5 Spiced Lamb Gyro (tangerine tzatziki, shaved fennel slaw, crispy chickpeas).  This was very tasty, but a bit dry.Slate is the manifestation of a true three-star establishment--neither memorably good nor egregiously bad. We visited on a Friday night around 10:00pm and the place was fairly deserted; I would guess that there were 2 or 3 other tables occupied with a couple of people at the bar. We were looking for a little food to sop up some of our preceding revelry, and I had read that Slate had a top-tier burger. 
The standout of the evening was definitely the service. Our waitress was very casual and had the demeanor of a server at your local bar who considers you a regular. She would chat with us while we waited for our food, she recommended alternatives when we ordered a dish or drink that she considered to be inferior to another menu selection, etc. All in all, we really enjoyed her. 
Alas, the low point of the evening, for me at least, was the food. I ordered the Slate burger (I had to ask about it because it wasn't on the menu, so they brought me the bar menu, which contained it). I was super excited to try it to see if it could match up to Village Whiskey or even Bobby's Burger Palace. 
No. No, it did not. The burger, which was certainly sizable, came out on a somewhat-oversized potato-ish bun with no lettuce, tomato, onion, or even ketchup (unless the ketchup they gave me, which I inferred was for the fries, was for the burger [in which case I had no ketchup for my fries]). There were also chunks of cheese and other things mixed into the burger, which I was not a fan of. The truffle fries, on the other hand, were excellent though. Also, I enjoyed that they had a blackberry wheat beer on tap. 
All in all, I will not go rushing back to Slate, nor would I actively avoid it. Three stars.It's tough to review this place. I say that because the atmosphere is really nice and the restaurant overall was an enjoyable location. However getting all the nice things out of the way, both myself and my gf were not overlly impressed with Brunch.
We both ordered the special: Eggs Benedict with a crab cake. It came out in a timely fashion and with no issues. However the taste was just not impressive. Our english muffins were both burnt and the crab cake just didnt have a great taste to it. The potatoes on the side were very tasty and complimented the meal well. 
I will give the bar a strong kudos. She had bottomless mimosas and I just had a few pints. They had a very strong selection of both draft and bottles. And the mimosas were absolutely delicious. 
The manager was very nice and pleasent to us. However we did ask them to turn one of the TV's to the NFL playoff game and he never did. I dont think he was trying to ignore us on purpose but either way by the time we left the TV was never turned. And the restaurant was half full (or half empty depending on your outlook of life) so he wasnt too busy that he couldnt have done it.
In the end our bill was around $80. Which is on par for most brunches in the city with drinks. However we both walked away from the meal still hungry and looking for more. So as I mentioned I dont want to say too many bad things about this location because I didnt get a bad vibe from it, however Idid leave unimpressed.saturday dinner, 7pm, 3 friends
it felt like slate was in an identity crisis.  The tables are tacky and the decor (or the lack of) is very "cold"  the thing that bugged me the most was the location of the bathrooms, im sorry but i truly believe the bathroom doors shouldnt swing out so close to the dining room.  at least separate the areas with something.  
food - there was one vegetarian entree, not cool
local beef burger - overcooked and i would not consider the fries "cliantro fries"
cajun popcorn po' boy - nice try
stuffed burger - again, overcooked and nice try on the truffle fries
service - off.
would i go back - NOExcellent lighting, the menu changes frequently to make use of fresh ingredients, and the wine list is carefuly chosen.  I had a delicious argentinian wine from mendoza.  the burgers my friends had were perfect, according to them, and the tempeh chili another person had was also great.  my snapper atop cauliflower with a lobster bisque sauce and asparagus citrus salad was really perfectly cooked and I ate every bite.  The bisque on the plate could have been hotter to stay warm throughout the eating process as it cooled down a little quicker that the rest of the food while I was eating.  the dessert menu looked inspired for the most part, with a few interesting additions to some old standbys like creme brulee, although no one ordered any.
finally, the service was quick, attentive, polite. the waiter was from scotland and he made sure to check in about the food but didnt make himself a nuisance, and was attentive about water and alcohol orders. definitely try it out.Two stars as food was OK.  However, food took forever and beer is expensive.  I guess you're paying to be in Rittenhouse.  Advice is to go somewhere else for beer unless you want to be seen in an overpriced beer bar.  OK, food order was LOST and we were running late for a show and the mgr. or owner came out and basically said it's our fault (he said we need to tell them we need food in normal time).  HE REALIZED THE WAITRESS LOST THE ORDER AND still did nothing - his blaming us, we think was the place was empty and he had no business.  Maybe this place is closing soon.  There were 8 or us and NO ONE WAS HAPPY.  GO ELSEWHERE........Good bar/restaurant.  Smaller menu, but everything on it his high quality and its hard to go wrong.  Their menu changes a lot so you can usually try something new.Three of us had brunch there this Father's Day. We should have been worried when there was only two other tables with customers when we arrived at 12:30. The food was basic. They were "out" of iced tea- but my friend finally said can't you just make some hot tea and pour it over ice. My husband ordered scrambled eggs and bacon. He got a fried egg and had to ask for his bacon twice. Bloody Mary was overly spicy and the waitress/bartender who was new should not have been left alone.  Don't waste your money--there are too many other great places to eat in the city.Absolutely incredible food. Best glazed duck I've ever had, and amazing drinks as well! The owner is one of the friendliest men I've met- incredibly personal, great customer service. The bar and sitting area are clean and quiet. This bar is very underhyped- definitely worth a trip in.Good burger and great truffle fries. A little empty for a weeknight.I've been to Slate once and came away very pleased. It looks like most of their menu is overpriced, but they have a wonderful locally-raised beef burger that is very reasonable. Pair that with their delicious bread to start with and a glass of wine and this place is the perfect mid-week, I've had a bad day and want to treat myself sort of place.
It's got a nice atmosphere and the wait-staff were very nice, if a bit slow (was soon after they opened, so they might have just been new).I went with a friend on a Friday night. The atmosphere and decor were nice and luckily it was not crowded. 
We ordered the ginger pomergranate mojito and spiced pear martini. While the ginger pomergranate mojito was a nice fruity concoction, I didn't taste very much ginger. The spiced pear martini was very good and also pretty strong.
Our entrees were good (salmon and duck), however, I know of other places that prepare both better for the same price. The desserts were mediocre (bread pudding and creme brulee). 
I tried slate since I had a living social deal. While the food is decent, I probably would not go back.Rocked Slate on Saturday night, date-style with the ladyfriend. Plenty of meat dishes, but no dice on those, as we're a couple who eschew muscle tissue. Oh, what was that, Waitress? You can make *any* dish vegetarian? Wordness to our mothers. 
So I get the tempeh spaghetti and the girlfriend orders the braised pork and cheddar sammy. Meanwhile, I'll have a Golden Monkey from Victory, served classy-style in a too-tall-but-at-least-I-look-classy glass. The same treatment for my Blithering Idiot later (yet another high-alcohol delicious beer). 
So far as I could tell, the tempeh spaghetti didn't actually have spaghetti in it - it had thinly-sliced zucchini. This was cool with me, because it made the dish lighter and tastier than your average over-cooked city pasta dish. And the sauce, which I can't describe because I'm not "food-smart," was awesome. Sawesome?
My girlfriend's sammy was awesome, as well. They replaced the pork with what seemed like shredded-up tofu, drenched in cheddar and deliciousness.
Also, my girlfriend enjoyed a watermelon margarita, served in a martini glass, and with chunks of fresh watermelon in it. 
The check was, well, more of a $$$ than a $$, but, in their defense, the dishes themselves are $$ and my girlfriend and I understand that our discerning beer and mixed-drink palates have their price. All together, we will definitely keep this on our list of places to take peeps when they roll up all like "Hey, take us to a good place for dinner and drinks, Joe."
I'll be all like "Hey, Slate, what what."Just had lunch with a few co-workers at Slate and we were all impressed. The lunch menu wasn't enormous, but large enough and contained so many delicious sounding things that it took forever to decide. Prices ranged from $7 to $13 per dish.
With such amazing options, I oddly opted for the Local Burger. WOW. A perfectly cooked medium patty, on a Challah roll, with Philly Pale Ale onions and Gruyere cheese. Delicious. It also came with a generous side of fries that were quite delicious.
The beer selection was pretty nice, flowing from your popular macro-brews to locals and macro-brews. Average about $5.50 per pint.
There were very few customers in there at the time, but I suppose we were a little late for the lunch rush. The music was a notch above too low and was a mix of modern, up beat tunes ranging from electronic to modern rock. Even heard some Gogol Bordello!
Overall, I would definitely go back to try out the rest of the items that I had eyed up.Very modern atmosphere. Inviting customer service, welcoming atmosphere. Veggie lasagna rolls are amazingly good as appetizers. Fries top off the pork and compliment every entree. Veggie pasta is rich and strong. Lovely dinner!!!If you're looking to waste 10 minutes before a menu gets thrown your way and an additional 35 minutes before your food arrives, then this is the place for you! To be honest, it's quite impressive that a place that only hires one person to wait on 20 is still in business.  It could be due to the food, which was good.  However, when weighed against the lack of service and the time wasted, I think its obvious that there needs to be some management 101 here.  Oh and more employees who have the time to care about the costumers.  I was almost convinced that the lady working the bar and waiting the tables was also the person cooking our food.  
Cheers.Great beer selection, good (and strong) drinks, nice and well executed menu. Solid on all fronts.Um... This place is super weird. I went with three girlfriends at 7:30 on a Wednesday for drinks. There was literally not another soul besides us in the place. That's not a good sign. Admittedly, I didn't eat anything. But they were empty and yet our service from the bartender (and we were sitting AT the bar) was terrible. Their draught beer list was not up to date and the bartender had no idea what they actually had on tap. We kept trying to order different beers from their list, and we were told they didn't have each one anymore, in succession.  It's like... Ok well then what DO you have, and why don't you update your menu?  Finally, my friend was served wine from a bottle that must have been sitting for weeks because it tasted like vinegar. No thanks.SLOW! Was here for dinner a few weeks ago. Got the mussels but I couldn't try them because they had sausage, which was not mentioned on the menu, so my boyfriend had to eat them all. Had the tempeh & tofu entree, which was good, but came out 40 minutes after he'd finished the mussels. He said the burger was good. The waitress was friendly but never refilled our waters... she was behind the bar texting.
The reason I can't give any more stars despite OK quality food, was because none of the beers on the menu were on tap, and then there was this gunk at the bottom of the glass... He was not pleased to finish the beer and see that he'd been drinking from a dirty glass.I went to Slate for brunch, and it was pretty empty, which should have been a bad sign. Overall, this place is very generic and had a somewhat uncomfortable dining room; the food was bland, and my eggs were overcooked. I was very surprised by the lack of coffee options: they didn't carry iced coffee, espresso drinks, or milk other than half and half. That's fine for dinner, but I'd say coffee and breakfast foods go together.  Judging from the few other people in the place, it seems like the main appeal of Slate is its drink specials, so if you want to get loaded on a Sunday morning, this might be a good spot.  If you don't want to be around a group of loaded people, this might be a bad spot.
The wait staff was very nice and prompt, but overall I'd say this restaurant is fairly sad during the daylight hours. I'm not sure that I would go there to see what it's like at night.I can only echo the others. This place is boring and serves mediocre food. It is also expensive. Three major negatives.My girlfriend and I went here for happy hour. The dink special of $4 wine was great! We ordered vegetarian eggrolls and poutine fries. The eggrolls were good but the fries were lukewarm. Overall, not a bad happy hour place but the fries left a mediocre taste in my mouth. This place needs a second run before I say it's eh?The food was good but not great, the service (on a Saturday night) was terrible. Based on other reviews, I'd have been better off trying brunch than dinner here. Based on my own experience, not planning to go back.I recently hosted a surprise 30th birthday party at Slate and it was perfect! I had gone into the planning search a bit overwhelmed because I had a vision in mind but wasn't sure where could capture it. I had attended a private event at Slate a few years ago so figured it was worth a reach-out. We were able to reserve the whole restaurant on a Thursday for pretty much as long as we wanted (we did 6:30-10:30ish) and offered an open bar and passed or-derves and a few stationary items. I was able to go in on the day of and decorate and the owner was incredibly helpful in making my vision come to life! I brought my own dessert and the owner cut it up and passed it out. All in all a great experience - the surprise was perfect and our guests had a great time.
If you host a future event at Slate keep in mind it is pretty low key - there was no contract, I offered a deposit and there wasn't anything I really had to do to confirm. Everywhere else I was talking to was very official with contracts etc so when there was none of that needed for Slate I was a little worried but it did work out well!Food was actually quite good, but the service was beyond slow, especially when the place wasn't full. Took forever to come take our order, longer to clear our plates ( we still had empty soup bowls in front of us and the table that came in with us had their check) and had to ask for our check as soon as our entrees arrived so we could make a show in time.So I rolled in this evening and had my all time favorite- the Slate Burger.  This Slate burger rivals Good Dog.  It's one of the best in the city.    The fries are evil.  I love them so much but instead I had the salad.  The food was served after I finished my first drink which was in about 20 minutes. Perfect.  I watched a bit of game, talked to the friendly bartender and made fun of the owner.  It's always great seeing my friends  hanging out at the bar as they  talk about this and that.  Slate is in the quiet section of Rittenhouse Square, which I always thought was very cool and I always  enjoy spending my time here when my work for the day is done.This is a review of brunch. 
I had a really delicious, filling meal at Slate. I had Lorraine eggs benedict with homefries, mimosa, and coffee. They had some great vegetarian and non vegetarian brunch choices. The setting was very pretty, quiet, and clean. Very classy. A little warm (no AC in the summer)Slid into Slate last evening after work for a few drinks and a bite.  I could go to my neighborhood spots almost every night, but my fiancée is into variety.  After all, it is the spice of life, right?
I was aware of Slate for a while.  You could almost miss it walking down 21st Street, it's very unassuming from the outside.  Maybe that's why we were the only two people in the place for the first half hour of our visit.  Sitting at the bar we ordered our drinks and waited for another friend to show.  Happy hour wine for the ladies, and a Slate Manhattan for me.  Oops, the bartended does not know how to make that drink - this is one of Slate's specialty drinks.  I hate to give them a hard time here because the staff was very friendly, but this is a review (of sorts) after all.
Slate offers a mussels du jour starter, which came in two styles on this particular Thursday.  We ordered the white wine with chorizo variety.  The heaping pile of mollusks were served in a delicious broth that we mopped up with their flakey fresh bread.  A great snack for two.  After a few more drinks we ordered the Short Rib Mac & Cheese.  Slate uses a blend of five cheeses for the mac which I delighted in.  The short rib was mixed into the cheesy noodles.  A really nice small plate.  That was the extent of the food we sampled during this visit.
Slate offers a small selection of draft beers and a pretty substantial variety of bottles.  The tap list featured the usual suspects but nothing particularly inspiring.  I settled in with a few Brooklyn Browns and enjoyed the remainder of our visit.
Slate has a sleek interior.  A dark marble bar with matching tables in the dining area.  The lighting was fittingly low.  They have some interesting art on the walls, and each piece is for sale if you feel so inclined.  A large window street-side offers a nice view of the adjacent row and passer-bys.  The outside seating will be nice in the warmer months.
I'd really like to give Slate four stars, it's a cool little spot with good food (judging from what we had) and a very friendly staff.  But due to execution issues and the fact that two of us had to wait completely dry for three minutes, I have to go a bit lower.  And to clarify, I don't mind waiting in a busy bar for my drink, I am a patient guy, but the bar was practically empty.
But give it a shot if you are looking for a classy after-work drink, or even a date.Don't understand why next door, Day by Day, has long lines every weekend while this place is just as delicious and similarly priced yet does not have crowds...Their brunch menu is typical.  Food is of good quality and well-seasoned.  The one thing I noticed is that both times I went for brunch it took about 20-30 minutes for food to arrive on our table.  Not the most efficient place, but I don't mind if I take a two hour brunch.What brought me into Slate was the chalkboard outside that advertised their "Duck and Goat Cheese Springrolls" and "Spinach and Feta Lamb Burger".  It was almost completely empty inside but our server who was also bartending was incredible nice and helpful.  Everything was delicious and we had a great time.  I would definitely come here again and I hope they do well!2.5 ish...
Came to Slate for brunch because Day by Day had a long line and we were a bit crunched for time.  Slate was relatively empty for a Sunday lunch time.  
Got off to a not-so-great start when the waiter wiped down a table near the window for us with a smelly wet rag (you all know that smell...ugh).  He wiped down the chairs too and they were still wet when we were motioned to sit down.  I hovered awkwardly above my chair wafting it with my hands to make it dry more quickly.  The smell remained. 
I was further displeased when my coffee came barely 2/3 full in the mug.  Thankfully it was refilled promptly.  
The brunch menu is pretty no-frills.  Lots of eggs and lots of cheese.  I went with one of the specials: Eggs Benedict with Smoked Salmon.  I must admit, it was pretty damn tasty.  Hollandaise is such a glorious thing.  The home fries were pretty bland - would have done well with a sprinkle of sea salt and black pepper.
Overheard the table beside me ask for no-egg options and the waitress offered the Quiche and had to be corrected by the diners...clearly not the most experienced waitstaff it seems. They left without ordering.   
Finally I was a a little annoyed that the waiter came over to check if we were done when it clearly looked like one of my friends was still working on hers.  Meh, just a silly pet peeve.  I enjoyed the food for the most part, and I might give this place a second chance.  I think I was just a little turned off by the service.Mediocre bar with bad service and they even charge a dollar for ice in drinks, which isn't much, but just made me feel scammed.  I won't be going backGreat meal! Great service! My husband and I went for dinner and really enjoyed everything. The calamari was delicious. The lamb burger special was particularly good. I'm so glad we went and we look forward to our next meal there.Worth a 2nd visit - maybe service would be better, food is phenom.  But why should "party of 2" have to suffer so "party of 10" had grt. service & staff attention?$25 bottomless mimosas or bloody Marys from 11-3 for brunch on Sundays.
Decent beer selection. The bloody Mary had a little too much horseradish but the poutine was AMAZING. Every fry was crispy down to the last one. 
The waitress was a little awkward but it didn't ruin my time.Nice Service. Good selection of draft beer and a reasonable selection of wine.
Beware the Odd Appetizer!- 
The "lasagna spring roll" had a curious carrot focus. A serious focus-  
I mean huge 2" chunks of carrot!  
Bugs Bunny Voice: "Ehhhhh, what's up Slate?"
Does one usually need a knife and fork for a spring roll?
Entrees
My opposite number had a satisfying salmon (she felt it was slightly overcooked)  it's olive tapenade, however,  was a nice complementary taste.
I enjoyed my filet mignon- done just right.
Dessert 
Bread pudding is darned good.
In sum, homey taste, quiet atmosphere, appetizers should improve eyesight.Love it. Dependably awesome and friendly place. Very helpful staff. I asked about a food allergy and the chef came to the table to discuss. 
I would give it five stars if the food had actually changed my life, but it only improves it greatly. Wish there was a 4.5 star button.This place is a great neighborhood pub.  Its looks really nice inside while still being friendly and inviting.  I've been coming in for lunch every couple of weeks and have had all of the sandwiches except for the po'boy.  They have all been good but I absolutely love the pork sandwich with mustard fries.  A friendly staff is the icing on the cake.First and last visit for brunch. We ordered two of the simplest dishes, scrambled eggs with home fries, salad and bacon and eggs. Forty five minutes later still no food, we left. I will say their coffee is good,Before writing this place off for my 3 star review PLEASE DO NOT. The brunch was VERY tasty and I would totally come back! It was a a 3 star in our groups opinion because service was slow.
This was closest to our friends apartment and they wanted to try something new, we didn't disagree due to the snowy walking conditions. We were greeted by a man who was clearly the owner. Happy and helpful he sat us immediately and offered us drinks, great move and judgment call considering we are a group of mid to late 20 something's always looking for a good Bloody Mary or mimosa on a Sunday. We received our drinks the boys enjoyed their bloodys stating they were spicy and delicious, considering bloodys can be hit or miss I took it as a great sign. My mimosa was perfect. I like mine mostly champagne and a splash of oj which upon request was delivered. I asked the owner if I were to never come back what was the one thing I had to order that would leave me raving. His response was "loaded burger" without hesitation. So the group went with 1 loaded burger, 1 French toast, 1 beef burger, 1 frittata special with crab, & 1 frittata with crizo. Hands down the food was good! 
Keep in mind though- there were 3 tables filled. One with 3 ladies, one with another 3 top, & ours. I had to walk to the bar to ask for more water and another round of drinks. I'm just not sure if there was confusion because the owner started us off and was passing our table to the other server or if there was any communication at all but I'm a HUGE service person. I worked in the industry for a long time so I feel I can be picky about it. When there is a total of 10 people in your resturant no one should ever have to ask for more water or drinks. You lose money no matter how you slice it. 
Like I said- I would totally come back. Food was great. We probably just were unlucky with service. Or I'm just too picky.This is a really solid 4-star sort of place.  
Bonus ghost star because it's in my neighborhood, which lacks places of this calibre, but I'll be fair and not add it. Still, in my heart, the fifth star is there for that reason. Just thought you'd like to know. 
Anyways, they aren't exactly health food. But it's good. Very good food. Staff is super friendly and personable, and the decor is updated-classy, welcoming, and chill. I like it a lot. 
Unfortunately, the one bad thing about this place is how empty it is all the time. If there were more people, you'd feel more relaxed. As it currently is, it feels a little awkward sitting near the bar without the dull roar of banter happening around you. You ARE the banter. Bring yer own. (I always do.) 
What else? I don't know. I hope this place hangs around for awhile. It's affordable, yummy, and a great place to meet for a meal. Still, I fret it won't last... so. GO EAT THERE! Tell everyone else to go at the same time to save that noise issue. K. Bye!
Oh! And good wine list!!We went in there on a Friday night and it was dead, that should of been our first clue. The restaurant is pretty inside and almost has this "fine dining" ambiance about it. They had two tvs inside that was on CNN instead of sports or something not as depressing. The bartender came over to take our drink order and I ordered a lemon drop martini. It was really bitter and tasted dirty, I couldn't drink it. The bartender and waitress were both nice though.
We placed an order for appetizer mac and cheese and egg roll. We ordered a filet for the entree. While we were waiting for our food they brought out scallops to another table that smelled like rancid rotten fish and instantly made me nauseous. It was the most putrid thing I've ever smelled. Shortly after they brought out our apps. I took one bite of the mac and cheese and almost had to spit it out. The cheese tasted and smelled like sweaty gym socks. I was so disgusted that I cancelled the rest of our order and asked for the check. The waitress asked if we wanted a box for the food and I told her no. They still didn't get that it was because the food was awful. She was really nice so I didn't want to be rude and just paid for what I didn't eat and couldn't get out of there fast enough. I have never had an experience like that before in my life. I got really sick after I left the restaurant from eating 2 bites. I wouldn't wish this restaurant on my worst enemy. Not sure how they passed their health inspection or how it's even possible to charge what they do for that so called food.I went to brunch at Slate this past weekend because the wait was too long at Day by Day. I'm pretty sure that until recently Slate had been boarded up/blacked out. Anyhow, the space is nice enough. Nice bar, good amount of tables.
The service was sub par, and it took our food close to an hour to come out. The food was fairly standard. Good eggs benedict, good french toast. Nothing creative or out of the box, just what you would expect these dishes to taste like.
The area doesn't have a huge number of brunch places, and Slate is a good alternative if Day by Day is packed. Nothing terrible about the place, but nothing great either.Came here unexpectedly after Kokopelli was closed despite OpenTable reservation. Short menu, but was drawn in by the specials posted outside. Nice atmosphere, but could do without the techno. Wans't loud, just not my style. We were early (6pm), so the only diners for a little while. Service was good, with just a slight mix-up on wine selection. 
My specials were special. The Duck Spring Rolls were were tasty, smoky and sweet with no trace of the usual duck fat that normally keeps me away from that meat.
My Linguini Alfredo with crab, shrimp and scallops was super delicious. Normally don't eat alfredo, but thought I'd splurge. Good choice. Not too heavy, yet somehow rich. The scallops were small and totally devoid of that fishy taste you often get.
My partner had the Beet Salad which he said was very good, and a Vegetarian dish with Tempeh and Tofu that he also liked. Wine was $8 and $9 a glass; bill hit $90 with the above mentioned and three glasses, so not too pricey, but a little.
Would come back with a Groupon (or the like). They have spoiled me.Hands down the best burger I've ever had. The Stuffed Burger on the brunch menu ($14, braised short ribs, mushrooms, blue cheese, truffle fries) is a must try!Great happy hour specials. Very nice Malbec on the happy hour menu. Wow. Topped it off with an Amazing lamb burger and truffled fries!!! I am still salivating... This is my new go to neighbor hood spot. :)Went to Slate on Friday night for dessert after Tria was too crowded to walk in. Slate's got a similar cozy atmosphere, but is much less crowded, probably because of its slightly out of the way location and the fact that it only opened two months ago. We were immediately impressed by our server: friendly and attentive while also giving us privacy. And then we were extra impressed by the dessert: each of our incredibly tasty dishes could have easily fed two. We got the creme brulee (large, crackly, creamy) and bread pudding (literal mountain of banana-y, squidgy, caramel and cream deliciousness). They've also got a dinner menu that looks good, if a little pricey for us, and a wine and beer list. We only got the desserts, so I can only vouch for those, with two thumbs up!