Ate here last night with a groupon.   Pizza was pretty good   thin crispy crust.  I thought the sauce needed more salt but hey  maybe i just like saltier pizza.   Service was outstanding.       I wasn't a big fan of their garlic bread kind of bland  so  go here for the pizza.  BYO is also a big plus.if i want pizza delivered to my house, i order slice.  i am a big fan of the florentine (white pie with spinach, sliced tomato, and ricotta).  the traditional is also a favorite, although i like it better when i request extra cheese.  slice can be kind of stingy with that.  i've tried the georgio as well (sauce, mozzarella, pepperoni & portabella mushrooms) with good results.  the mushrooms are very fresh and i like the thick-cut pepperoni.  
i definitely need to branch out and try some of their other toppings.  i am intrigued by the onion, goat cheese and bacon, and i've never tried the americano.
another plus here is the arugula salad -- i order it without the bowl.-- which comes with garlic bread triangles, grated parmesan, and  a tasty balsamic vinaigrette.  there is always enough salad left over to eat for lunch the next day.
sometimes the pizza is on the cold side with delivery.  it just depends.  kind of hit or miss in that department.Ordered it online and the pizza and salad got delivered in one hour, which is not so bad considering the whether (pouring). Georgio Pizza is really good, and the best thing is, they actually make their own pepperoni, instead of using the stored one.The best pizza I've had since coming to Philly.  The only competition is Dock Street's pizza however, if you don't want to trek all the way to west philly then this is your place.  BYOB is a plus.  I'll be back, then i'll be back again, and then i'll be back again.Best pizza in south philly. 
Hands down. 
Fresh ingredients and tons of choice.Ok, let's first set the expectation. This is more of a takeout fast pizza shop. They only have 2 or 3 tables set up in the store, most people don't stay.
That said, I loved their pizza. One specialty is that they every pizza can be made gluten free, which made the thin crust even thinner and crisper. Love it! They also have many unique and creative options. Lots of new things to try! Last but not least, this place is BYO. If you ever dine in, make sure to bring some beer or wine. We walked down the street to go to a bar to pick up a six pack. Good beer + good pizza. You can't go wrong with this combo!Everything I have ever ordered from Slice has been amazing. I always order delivery, and usually through Grub Hub. Slice always delivers before the quoted time, and  they have never, ever gotten my order incorrect. The food is DELICIOUS. The pear & goat cheese salad - heavenly. A perfect Philly dinner spot!Alright, Slice. You are great in my book. The pizza we ordered tonight was the bomb and it arrive within about a half an hour -- thank you!!! We will order again soon.I've walked by here all the time but never decided to stop by until today after the Run or Dye. We were all covered in chalk and didn't want to ruin their seats and it was nice out so we sat outside. The workers there were very friendly and did not mind that we were a colorful mess.
We water bottle & plates were cute! We ordered Sweet Potato Fries with Old Bay $4.25 that came in a matching bowl. It was also big enough to share between 4 people. My friends really like how thin it was but I would personally prefer if it was a bit thicker.
My friend had the Bianca Strombolis $8.95 (Olive oil, garlic, mozzarella and ricotta) and shared it with us. It was really good when it first came out hot and the cheese were melted but after a while when it cooled down, the ricotta cheese was too much to deal with.
We also ordered the Large Margherita Pizza $15.99 (San Marzano tomato sauce topped with fior di latte & finished with basil). Yummy yummy! I would personally like more cheese on this and probably more basil but the crust and bottom was awesome! So thin and crunchy! Not floppy and oily.
Next time I am around, I will definitely stop by for some more pizza & fries.I may be biased , and my review may be muddied because I from northern NJ. I have eaten a ton of pizza in my life; good, bad, and everything else. I would give slice a meh. Crust was ok, and the amount of cheese left a lot to be desired; I desired more cheese. I will say this much though, their customer service is excellent. The manager was excellent squelching my complaint about the lack of cheese, and delivery was fast.  Now I am sure some people think it is good, and I don't disagree I am sure to some it is. To this die hard New Jersey native; it just does not stand up to home.Although I have not been here, my room mate has brought their pies home on a number of occasions and have to say they are easily the best Ive had in this city.  I'm originally from the Trenton area so Delorenzo's will always been my measuring stick - Slice is sooo close!I read all the "great things" about this place, but then i had to remind myself these reviews are mostly written by Philly hipster transplants, who probably would pay for a pile of dogshit if you told them its organic.  This pizza is not worth the price it commands. Far better places charge much less, no ATM... And you big timed a group of Philly Police. Go back to the burbs where you belongAh I'm so disappointed. Been wanting to try slice for a while and finally got an americano pie delivered. Quick delivery but I wish they mentioned that what they consider a traditional pie is anything but that. Perfectly fine by me but picky children did not want anything to do with this pie. Of course I dug in and ordered from a separate place for them. But no flavor at all! Really bummed. And super bummed my fries were soggy but that's nothing throwing them in the broiler won't fix.Went to slice tonight south Philly with my two daughter had a living social voucher it was excellent we ate outside and are waiter who happened to b the manager Jeff was awesome will def go back not just because the piazza was great but because of the service Jeff was just amazing such a great guy and brest place! !!!Pizza as it should be. It's more expensive than Papa whathisname, but it's the real stuff. And it's great. The decor is nothing to write home about, but who cares. It's good food. And it delivers!We went here on a Groupon and were pleasantly surprised. Despite the walk into the depths of South Philadelphia, we were greeted by a cozy front entrance. We appreciated the cash only sign, because that helped us avoid surprises. We sat and were greeted by a waitress (there is no hostess, the place is small, you seat yourself) who was quick and helpful. Our pizzas came out pretty fast, but in the meantime, we had a blast watching jeopardy on their big screen TV, which was at the perfect volume. I was also struck by how clean the place is (a nice change of pace in Filthadelphia). The pizzas were delicious and the perfect size, and the prices were appropriate. We wrapped up with another waiter who was even nicer than the first, and snagged a delicious brownie on the way out.Not only does Slice have mouth watering white pizza, but the owners/ workers are the most down-to-earth and easy-going people.
I've ordered delivery and dined in here, and both times have been very pleasant.  I found that the red sauce isn't my favorite, but I'm eternally picky, and the white sauce is my cup of tea.  The sausage is fresh, the dough is crispy and soft at the same time, and my friend's Gluten-free crust tasted just as great, just a little crispier.
If you're looking for a little bit more of a selection and superb service that's relaxed but friendly, definitely hit up Slice for a pie!After reading all the good yelps, passed this place on the way to brunch and grabbed a slice. I love good pizza and had to check it out. Grabbed a slice of regular pie. The only way to fairly judge pizza. They put a big slice in the pizza oven for a minute and plated a piping hot slice. Sampled it in the car with the family. The name says it all. A really good Slice at a good price.  I like it.I live really close to Slice so I find myself here quite a lot. I usually prefer thicker, doughier crust on my pizza, but the quality of ingredients here just seems so high that I can overlook that. Also I never feel gross after having a slice or two, which definitely wins points. If you're looking to punish your tummy and hate yourself in the morning, there are plenty of places to do that, but this isn't one of them. Also I should point out that their salads are simple but so good. I actually crave them more than the pizza, to be honest. And they will put that salad in a bread bowl for you--a *garlic* bread bowl oh hell yes. I'm sometimes surprised by how much the total bill ends up being, but generally I would say it's worth it.This is officially my favorite pizza place-- thin crispy crusts with great flavors for toppings. I've had the truffle and the Italiana-- amazing! The balance of flavors were great and I appreciated that fact that neither was dripping with grease or overly cheesy. 
The atmosphere is casual and cute-- great place for small groups or for friends to catch up over a meal. The person who served us was very nice each time I went.When I craving for junky fast food to screw my diet, I go to slice. Pizza and Greek salads are amazing!!!
 Want junk grab/go to sliceI've ordered from this place before a few times and the pizza has always been nicely prepared, but today....
I ordered 2 gluten free pizzas, vegetable only choices as Im Vegetarian. The two pizzas arrive and.... One soggy beyond belief, undercooked and looks like mess! The other has bacon on it. Yeah. It said on the GrubHub menu (Bacon Temporarily Unavailable) so I felt safe ordering it. But know I guess the bacon was added anyways. And this pizza also looks like mess and is not well cooked. 
The worst part was the lady on the phone at Slice.... She had an attitude and kept arguing that it doesn't say that on her screen do they did it right. I even took a screen shot of the menu and she still argues and kept going on with her attitude. Wow... Finally I asked what could they do for us to help and with the biggest attitude she asked what do we want. All we asked for is at least 1 vegetarian pizza w/o bacon.
Oh my....  I'm not mad, just trying to solve this miscommunication. Why can't we just communicate in a nice way like people....?the name indicates one should be able to purchase a slice of pizza that can stand up to being reheated prior to sale. individual slices are dry and bland. I have tried multiple times and all I can say is that they are consistent. Young man behind the counter more interested in TV than customer [take your earphone out when someone's trying to talk to you] no place outdoors to dispose of your trash. if so I may have considered throwing away my order of American cheese and pepper pizza as well as the Florentine. I'm sure this place is great but not for a slice. the bad part is that is their name.  maybe they should create a pie can be sold by the slice, everything else whole pie only.I was trying to reach the Rittenhouse location of Slice and the woman who answered the Slice at the Itlian Market was super friendly and offered to take my order and have it delivered by the Rittenhouse Slice, which is the Slice that delivers in my area.   Can't say enough great things about this place.  Their whole wheat crust is amazing and makes eating pizza just a little bit healthier.   Their Truffle Pizza with WW crust is to die for!   Going to try the Margarita on WW crust for the first time tonight and I am sure it will be just as delish!I waited 90 minutes for delivery, which eventually arrived at 2:30 am. The pizza wasn't bad, just late. The fries were soggy.I have enjoyed Slice twice now, in-house and delivery.  Slice offers a lot of basic options, but then there are more complex toppings like arugula, eggplant, and broccoli rabe.  The truffled ribeye is a fun choice, but personally I love the caramelized onion and goat cheese which also comes with a hefty amount of bacon.  
Slice offers some gluten free options and vegan cheese.  Neither interest me, so I cannot comment. 
The Italian Market location has limited seating, but they seem to do more delivery business.  The delivery is pretty quick.sometimes what a lonely nyc girl living in philly needs in this world is a slice. But just not any slice, not that Lorenzo stuff. A slice, a no frills New York Pizza style with heaps of mozzarella cheese, fresh basil and oh yeah that thin crust... that's you Slice.The best Neopolitan style pizza in South Philly, hands down.  Maglio sausage makes for a wonderful topping.  Pies are baked to a golden crisp, and the San Marzano tomato sauce bursts in your mouth.  The margherita pizza I ordered a few weeks back could have used a bit more mozzarella, but they're usually very consistent.  The owner is a great guy, too.This place has my favorite pizza by far because I love a crispy crust, but because of the price, I only order it on my birthday or when I have a Groupon for it. Their toppings are always fresh and tasty, and their pepperoni alone is a reason to order a pie.Really solid pizza - Horrendous, long-ass wait and super expensive for delivery.  Such a shame too, because the other pizza mainstays that I lurvvvve do not deliver to my 'hood.  Fo' shame.
I've ordered from this location plenty of times, and each time, whether it's during the day or at night (and usually NOT on a busy weekend night) - we have waited no less than an hour and a half to TWO hours for delivery. Simply inexcusable, and so disappointing because I really dig the pizza.  The crust is thin, crispy and delish - the sauce is right on the money, not too thin, not too thick, and the ingredients are fresh and plentiful - however they could work on their cheese selection (bland) and quantity (barely makes an appearance).  Also, in what world does a small pizza and a large pizza with a delivery fee equal to up to forty dollars?  Maybe where the crust is encrusted with gold leaf, but there shouldn't be a delivery charge for the delivery of PIZZA, that's downright un-American, no?
I'm pretty much convinced that save for an establishment or two (that don't deliver to my neighborhood - boohoo), there is really no good place in the city for good pizza and that delivers under an hour.After coming here twice I have decided that this is definitely my favorite pizza place in Philly. Both times I went, I had a groupon, so price was not really an issue. However, I feel like that is the only thing that may keep me from coming back, due to my poor college student status, but even so, the slice prices, considering their size, are pretty comparable to other pizza shops, and I am just a bitter suburban-born girl used to $1 slices. Also, my boyfriend and I ordered the sweet potato fries with old bay, and AGAIN, best sweet potato fries in Philly. They are really thin cut, so it may make you feel like you are not getting your bang for your buck at first, but once you taste them, and realize that they are pretty well packed into their little cone, you think otherwise. Also, for it being a fairly busy Friday night, service was great and the staff went out of their way to show their appreciation on both occasions that I have been to Slice.Slightly above average slice.  The pizza tends to be dry and a little over-cooked.
Also please start taking credit cards.Slice is consistently great.  
Went on Tuesday around 7:30 and we were the only two people eating in, which was a little surprising.  The people are always super friendly here.  We ordered a large margherita and ate the whole thing in one sitting.  Slice's pizza is amazing - the margherita was fantastic and had a million balls of perfect buffalo mozzarella.  The basil was also pretty beautiful - they must grow it in house.  The only thing I would change about this pizza is cutting the basil up rather than keeping the leaves whole and in tact because I like to have a little basil with every bite...but that's a pretty minor complaint all in all!Pizza was good but there was a major problem literally no cheese! Only sauce on our pepperoni pizzaI just love Slice. I love everything about it, the food, the atmosphere, the employees. EVERYTHING. We had some family in from South Carolina, and we had a mix of ages, a 5 year old, 17 year old, people in thier 20's and 40's. We needed to find a place that everyone could enjoy. We decided on Slice and picked up a couple 6 packs of beer. We were served by the girl at the counter, who was really nice and brought the 5 year old a plain slice of pizza when she got freaked out by arugula. We got the ceasar salad in a breadbowl (best ceasar in the city) and an apple salad, also incredible. Then we all split two pies, an arugula and prociutto pie, and BBQ chicken. EVERYONE was happy with the food and my future brother-in-law could not stop talking about Slice the next day. I have had most of the items on this menu, and can safely say I will try anything on it. It's all that good. We fed a family of 6 for $65 (that includes tip). Can't beat that. This is now my go-to place for when family visits. Well done, Slice. Well done.mmmmm.....Slice. I love a really thin, crispy pizza and Slice is the place in South Philly to get it. AND, they just opened a new location right around the corner from my office. It's as if they knew I needed them. Here's where they win points with me:
-I've never gotten a soggy pie or slice from here. Always crispy and yummy.
-The sauce is made from actual tomatoes and not canned tomato paste. I love that. The flavor is always fresh and awesome.
-great toppings. The other day I got a portobella mushroom, artichokes and truffle oil slice. So good. The bbq chicken is also good.
-the cheese is always good and the right amount.  When it comes to pizza, I hate when there is a ton of cheese with oil puddled on top of it. It sicks me out. If the cheese is thicker than the crust, don't even get it near me.  Here it's always enough that it's flavorful but not dominating.
-Salads in a breadbowl! Love it.
Yes, Slice is going to cost you more than most Philly pizza places, but it's going to be that much more delicious.  J&J is fine if it's late and you just want something in your stomach.  But if you really want a tasty pie that's going to make you happy, walk the extra block and spend the extra few bucks and go to Slice.I have a single requirement for a pizza place--don't skimp on cheese/toppings.  I have given Slice two chances to get this right, once with a Stromboli and once with a large 3-topping pizza (about $20).
The Stromboli was mostly bread, and I had to search for cheese on the pizza.  I know the tiny, thin splotches of cheese are supposed to be a gourmet experience, but the pizza tasted like crust and tomato sauce.  I gave two rather than one star because the sauce was excellent, at least.
In both cases, however, I felt cheated, especially at the premium prices they charge.Yikes. What a disaster ordering from this joint was. We received our pizzas and were TERRIFIED by the long black hair resting gently atop our overpriced cuisine.  Also, the taste was mediocrity objectified. So I sat, dissatisfied,  questioning the reason why i would make a life long commitment to a woman who would recommend ordering from this place.This place is my corner pizza joint. I wish i had a different corner pizza joint. 
The ingredients are great, but the compositions are always disappointing. Not enough of this... way too much of that. I am consistently disappointed with nearly everything i've tried at Slice.
I specifically suggest you don't bother with the calzones. They're super boring. Also, for some reason, they dont come with any pizza sauce for dipping.
also, i hate that they are cash only. not only that, but they didnt bother to put an ATM inside the restaurant. so if you go and forgot that you needed cash, you have to hike at least a block to get money. stupid. 
on the other hand, it is super convenient and the pizza by the slice seems to be a good value. the crust is thin and the toppings are sparse, but you get an entire quarter of a pie monster slice. It fills me up in a pinch. And i guess thats what a corner pizza joint is really for.This is a pizza shop I want to like they just screw up to often.  
A couple years ago when they first opened we had three different deliveries that took over an hour to deliver and then what came was wrong. The pizza was good it just wasn't what we ordered.  We gave up and didn't order again until a few months ago. Things seemed to have changed and we had a few great experiences, until last night. We ordered a pizza and a salad, it took an hour and a half to deliver and they sent the wrong pizza. The pizza they sent was also under cooked. We called, they apologized, and offered to send another pizza. This pizza took almost another hour to deliver and was also under cooked. 
Maybe they just can't handle a busy Friday night. Regardless, we'll be finding a new go-to pizza shop. Most likely Santucci's will be getting our business going forward.I read a lot of the reviews for this place, and I got excited.  I'm always looking for a great pizzeria.  This wasn't it.  The ingredients were fresh, but it was too overcooked.  This was my second time ordering delivery, and both times had the same results.  I felt like I was eating a charcoal brickette.  I love brick oven pizza, but crisp and burnt are not the same thing.  Being from Italy myself, we take pride in cooking pizza properly.  Slow and steady, and don't rush it.  Also, don't forget it's in the oven.  The photos do not even compare to what I got.I got a groupon deal $20 for $40. Got 2 specialty pies and a salad. I payed $10 extra  so total I payed $30. The pizza was cold and not tasty and I threw out my $10 salad without even opening it it looked so gross. I wouldn't eat here again if it was free let alone get jipped out if my $30.Awful. Ordered last nite and it was crap so were the fries. Granted we took them to go.Enjoyed eating outside at Slice on a gorgeous Sunday afternoon.  In complete honesty, we only ended up here because the two sandwich joints on the same block were both closed on Sunday, and we weren't feeling the long wait for an over-hyped cheesesteak down the street.  
It wasn't crowded (ie, no one else there) and yet I still felt like I was interrupting the employees by ordering and asking to have my drink while I waited.  Kind of awkward.  We had a Margherita and a Veggie Pizza and both were good.  If I found myself on this corner of South Philly on another beautiful Sunday, I might try it again, but I probably won't go out of my way.I'm taking slice down a notch.  It hurts me to do this, but it has let me down multiple times.
Each time I've dined in (2 times) there has been some problem with the service.  Once my order was just forgotten about.  To be fair, the woman behind the counter apologized and gave me a 10% off coupon for my next visit.  I ended up using it for a pickup order the next time.
Recently, we dined in and this time, it was a solid 40 minutes before we saw our pie.  I'm not sure if it takes this long for all the pies they make, but it seemed excessive.  I think there must have been some mess up because the workers thought the pie was "to-go" even though we were sitting there the whole time.  By the time the pie came, we were so hungry that we devoured it.  It was tasty pizza, but with the frustration level of dining in, I'll opt for take-out from now on.My boyfriend and I dropped by this place because they had vegan cheeese. Seems like more of a take out place, than a sit in, but the pizza was pretty good. They had interesting toppings and were very open to customizing. It was a bit expensive, but the ingredients were very nice and fresh, so worth it. The staff was super friendly.i was super busy at work one evening and couldn't leave to pick up food so i ordered a pizza through grubhub. i was delighted to discover that this restaurant serves gluten-free pizzas. i ordered a basic margherita but added feta. the pizza was delivered very quickly and was really tasty. it wasn't the cheapest pizza by any means but most gluten free meals aren't. 
nota bene: they might be out of gluten-free crust so make sure you either call or look at the grubhub app to check availability.Great little local BYOB. My bf and I had the clam pizza and it was delicious, I can't wait to go back and try all the other kinds of pizza. Our waiter was very attentive and friendly. It was our first time but def not our last, well be back. Reasonable prices and the thin crust pizza is delicious.Great Pizza! If you have not been yet this is a small Pizzeria in south Philly. They have 4 or 5 tables if you prefer to eat in house. They offer a great and wonderfully delicious Caesar  salad. The menu features probably 20 different variations of pizza all of which are probably great if they are anything like the ones we have ordered. The last visit I ordered the BBQ Chicken pizza and it had a great taste. If you are hungry you can probably eat a large by yourself. This place is a must go for all Philadelphian's that like authentic pizza prepared right in front of your eyes.This is the best place I have found in Bella Vista to get a good thin crust pie, all of their pizza that I have had tastes great! BYOB also!Overcharged for terrible fries. Paid eight dollars for "truffle fries." But they were just overly soggy poorly cut gross fries.We've recently been a little disenchanted with Marra's and live closer to SliCE, so we ordered in the other night and were not disappointed. Thin crust is the modus here, and it was really good and crispy. I found it a little oily, but in a good way, not in a orange-grease-running-down-your-hands way. We got a large 'Quattro Stagione', which is 4 toppings on one pie, each only on a quarter of the pizza. We went with sausage, basil leaves (big and fresh), garlic and red onions. I'm starting this off with 3 stars, and will no doubt add more as I try more varieties and perhaps dine at the pizzaria (byob). I feel sorta silly living so close to this place but never having gotten their food before. Consider me converted.
March 18th update: We recently ate in the 'restaurant' as a party of three, sharing a byo bottle of wine. It's pretty no-frills as a dining experience, but it's nice that you can sit and eat and bring booze. It was a cold night and the doorway lacks a vestibule, so there was a harsh drop in temp every time someone walked in, but all the tables were filled regardless. The restroom is alllll the way in the back...I recommend washing your hands etc before you head over if you're going to dine here. But the pizza is wonderful and the service is good, though bring cash because they don't take plastic. If Bitar's weren't across the street and Chickie's hoagies around the corner, I would eat here all the time.I went out to eat with my mother because we wanted to try something new, so we went to SliCE, in South Philly. She ordered the spinach, caramelized onion, and tomato pizza, while I ordered the goat chesse, bacon, and caramelized onion pizza. We also bought an order of donuts with chocolate sauce.
Everything was DELICIOUS. The thin crust was perfect because we didn't feel heavy or full on dough. The sugar donuts were light and the dark chocolate sauce complemented them perfectly. The cashier even gave us extra donuts for no charge since it was our first time there. I will definitely be back.There are definitely plenty of other places to get a yummy pizza, especially in the South Philly area. It's not Slice's pizza you want... it's their salads (you can even opt to have in a bread bowl).
My favorites are:
-Mozzarella Caprese: nice, thick slices of mozz and tomato, topped with a vinaigrette and fresh slices of basil. YUM.
-The Mandarin: light and refreshingly crispy, this salad is always a good choice (especially if you love mandarins).
Long story short:
Go with the salads :DNot to be missed!  Is it possible that a new standard has been set for a true "Philly pizza", distinct from but on par with NYC and Chicago? Slice may very well have single-handedly made that so.
We finally got around to going here and what a treat it was!  Ordered the Clams Casino and the Chicken Scallopine (pizzas) and both were outrageously good. 
Slice is inexpensive and completely unpretentious, but with service that was very nearly at the level of "real restaurant", several cuts above "corner pizza joint" level (the complimentary bottle of chilled water for the table was a wonderful touch, e. g.).
Thin crust, highest quality ingredients, no evidence of "canned" taste anywhere. Officially my favorite pizza in Philly!I am not sure why i bother to order from Slice. Sometimes I get a great pie, other times, eh. 
We ordered a Americano Pizza (American regular pie with pepperoni) and it was the most blah tasting pizza I've had in awhile. What made the flavor so blah was that the sauce tasted as if they just placed a can of crushed tomato on top, a few shreds of mozza, then quite a bit of non-spicy, non-descriptive pepperoni that was also on the greasy side. 
Quite frankly, Marra's down the street does the same brick oven, thin crust with much more zest. 
We also ordered buffalo wings, and they were very dry, it looked like they used a dry rub and then sprinkled hot sauce over them. Thank goodness we asked for extra sauce- or not- because it seemed to be a cup of hot sauce, not wing sauce. I come from the holy Buffalo Wing ground of Upstate NY, and worked in a few pizzerias. I know wings. I know how they should be done. This is not the place to buy them. Thank goodness for Wegmans and my ability to have Anchor Bar wing sauce (the original!) on hand to at least give the dry wings excellent flavor.
With all that said, I do like some of their salads, especially in the bread bowls. Yes, as other reviewers point out, their salads are lacking, and I believe given the competition in the city, expensive. 
I will order from here again- but I will be selective, and now that I know they skimp on certain salad toppings, ask for extra of what I like.I crave pizza. It is one of those food items that I get my mind set on (another craving: pho!) and decide I must have it. And must have it that evening. Slice is perfection. I feel guilty after I eat Domino's or Papa John's, but for some reason, I can convince myself Slice is better for me. Maybe it's because it is a thin crust and I usually fill up with one of their delicious salads (try the Mandarin!) first to limit my pizza gorging. We typically order the Americano (very basic cheese and sauce) or the pesto, which my husband loves, but I find too be too olive-y. And olive olives (get it?), but they are extremely pungent on this pizza.What a bummer. First time here and my husband and I were very disappointed. We got a cheese pizza with green pepper and onion. It was burnt and had zero flavor. My husband put Sriracha sauce on his and I added cheese to mine and put it in the microwave to help it out. We could have gotten a Lil Ceasars for $5 and enjoyed it more.I hate writing bad reviews - and am so disappointed with this one. I heard Slice had gluten free pizza so I thought I'd pick one up on my way home from a weekend out of town. When I called to order the man who answered was super friendly, and it made me excited to support them - and trust them with my gluten allergy. He mentioned they also had gfree wings so I figured I would just bring home dinner for my boyfriend and I. I ordered the gf pizza, 20 wings, and a Greek salad. I was disappointed to arrive and they had made a regular pizza (scary thought if I hadn't mentioned I ordered gfree). To make up for it they apologized, said it would be just 10min and that they wouldnt charge me for it. 10 minutes later I was surprised to walk up and be charged $40 for my order. The wings aren't on their menu, so I didn't know they were $1 each. My mistake for assuming they would be smaller than they were. Then I realized they are cash only - yet do not have ATM on premises... Is there any excuse for this today? You have a website, but you can't run my visa? Or have an ATM? Strange. I had to drive around the corner to then get cash. By the time I returned and paid, they told me they didn't totally take care of the pizza - just took a few dollars off...
I guess I wasn't the most prepared customer, but I won't go back. There wasn't anything from the gfree standpoint that was worth going thru all that again (wings were boring and frozen gfree pizzas or Bobs redmill are way better). To top it off they enclosed pizza crust in the salad therefore I couldn't even eat the salad.
Overall - not a great spot for my gluten free friends. Seems like they are still figuring things out. I wish them luck.I ordered from this place late night and it did not disappoint! The mushroom and truffle pizza was amazing. The wings and fries were also a great treatWe were in town visiting a friend this summer who wanted to take us to a neighborhood pizza joint she enjoys.  We were all for it!  
Cute, very tiny place on the corner.  Not too many tables so it seems crowded all the time.  It's so small, when I needed to use the restroom, one of the employees literally walked me through the kitchen to get to it!!
Anyway, the pizza is ok.  I do like a more upscale pizza every now and then, but I usually just prefer your everyday ordinary toppings.  It's obvious the ingredients are of high quality and the prices reflect that.
The waitstaff is friendly and quick to get to you.  One thing I really liked is they keep large bottles of very cold water in their stand up fridge that they bring to your table and will replace when you run out .  If memory serves me correctly it has lemon slices in it too.  Nice touch, especially since it was hot out & hot in the dining area!!  I guess cos it's such a small place it's not easy to get away from the heat of the ovens during the summertime.These pies have a thin, crispy crust. That makes me happy. So does the San Marzano tomato sauce. I've liked every slice of you, Slice. And I've had plenty. 
Clams casino, Americano, Eggplant parm, on and on. So good. When you eat the slices there, they're hot and crispy perfect. I'm gonna keep repeating the word, "crispy," cause I apparently need to stress that I care about this A LOT.
You know even the best pizzas can go south to sogville somewhere along the delivery route. I was pleasantly surprised that this was not the case when we got some pies delivered the other night. I kept repeating like a parrot who has eaten a lot of good pizza, "The crust is still crispy, SQUWAK...the crust is still crispy, SQUWAK..."
That was lovely. But now we have to have a word about Pizzaz. No I'm not misspelling the word in reference to your dashingly flamboyant and flashy sense of style. I'm talking about this style of pizza that is apparently a South Philly tradition? Now I've been around the block, but I never hearda no "Pizzaz." Recently I was informed that this sauceless slice topped with mozzarella, american cheese, hot peppers and tomato slices is a South Philly thing? I keep using question marks to suggest a skeptical eyebrow. 
Now, just the mere mention of american cheese on a pizza is enough to ruffle my feathers. Let's just say I wasn't raised that way. I'll cut to the chase here. We had to try it to see what the hell. It was an experiment. Pizza scientists. Anyway, I liked it. My mind said no but my mouth said, "Gimme another slice of that." It's a nice grilled cheese and tomato flatbread with a smatterin' o' pickled hot peppers. I'd do it again and still show my face in pizza society.
I can say that I'd enjoyed every slice. Even the ones that sound crazy.I've ordered from them for pickup or delivery at least 5 times and every time the pizza is ice cold. Tonight the chicken wings were hard as a rock- I couldn't even bite into them. Everything is over cooked. Highly recommend fixing some things to improve the quality of your food or at least make sure it's hot enoughWe were recommended this place from a friend and wow.
Literally the worst pizza I have EVER had. I cannot think of a worst pizza. It was SOLID. ROCK SOLID! and so cold!
We live only six blocks away and when we got home it was already freezing cold. 
The sauce and cheese were tasteless. It was an overall disaster. 
We also got the doughnuts. How you can sell a hollow doughnut is beyond me. They were entirely hollow all four of them. And the chocolate sauce they came with was horrible as well. 
Also ordered a side of marinara. Charged for it. Didn't come with the pizza
This was a complete disaster of a meal! Do not order!If you like thin, crispy, well-done pizza, this is your place. If you like a thicker crust, I recommend La Rosa. 
Last night we ordered the truffle pizza and a calzone. My husband said the calzone was very good (I didn't have any) and I am using all my self-control not to pig out on the leftover pizza for breakfast! 
Delivery is a little bit of a wait, but I promise it's worth it.Ordered 2 pizzas from here tonight (1 large, 1 small).  The delivery man first showed up with only the large, apologized profusely, "my mistake." He promised to get that other one to us asap. I said ok and started to shut the door. "Do you like tiramisu?" he asked. I said sure and he promised to bring an order of that also to make it up to us, which I then relayed to my 4 year old son and his visiting grandparents to keep them happy while they awaited their pizza.
30 minutes later Mr. Forgetful shows up again with just the small pizza. "My mistake, I forgot the tiramisu," he tells me. "But I have your address, so the next time you order," (which will be never) "I'll be sure to remember" (somehow I doubt this after his forgetting twice) "and bring it to you." (assuming he's working on the night that I order 2 or 3 weeks from now, and it's hard to picture this amnesiac seeing my address and going, "Oh right, I owe them a free tiramisu."). 
Ludicrous, and now I'm dealing with a crying 4-year-old, late food and a false dessert bribe.
Grubhub contacted them for me to ask about a full or partial refund for all of the trouble they caused and Slice refused, meaning the person who made that decision either doesn't have kids, hates kids, or is a cheapskate who stands by their deliverer's goofy actions. Fortunately Grubhub, unlike Slice, had the common courtesy to step in and give me a modest coupon for free food the next time I order (which won't be from Slice).
Sheesh.Took 3 hours for delivery. Ridiculously overpriced for the quality. The tiramisu was frozen in the middle. The homemade "brownie" was a mystery of modern physics; seemingly held together only by its saran wrapping, it crumbled into a million dry pieces at the first bite. This place is a joke.love love love slice. I decided to do veganism for lent and checked out slice ordered the truffle pizza with vegan cheese a buffalo chicken and plain for my girlfriends and my friends ate my pizza!!! super jealous over the fact i didnt order the pizza larger. very good food for a reasonable price.Awesome Margherita Pizza!
Best Margherita Pizza that I have found in South Philly!  Real basil leaves, real tomato slices and real fresh mozzarella.I haven't had a chance to try them again, however I WAS contacted by the owner soon after my first review & good customer service is enough to warrant another star where I'm concerned.  Thanks for going out of your way to make amends- I'll definitely be giving Slice another shot very soon.Moved into the neighborhood and I dig their thin pizza. I have always preferred pizza with less dough. Only draw back is that when you eat in, it can get hotternhell with the ovens on blast.Do not recommend. Although I prefer thicker crust, I do enjoy thin crust from time to time - IF it's actually crispy. We got a BBQ chicken pizza yesterday where the crust was almost inedible. It was totally burnt, overcooked, and almost impossible to bite through. There wasn't much flavor either, it was like eating cardboard. It was pretty sad. Their pizzas seem very inconsistent, as I've bought from here a year ago and the crust was much better.Spinach salad in a breadbowl and an Italiana pizza with cooked proscuitto is where it's at.  With the proliferation of gourmet pizza places in town, it had been too long between deliveries from Slice.
I'm reminded why they're on my speed dial.  Great pizza, and way better salad than you'd expect from your pizza delivery.Slice is a fantastic neighborhood pizza place. The employees are very pleasant and always willing to go the extra mile to make the customer happy. I ordered take out this evening and can't say enough about the Quattro Staggione pizza. The sauce is delicious and the crust is perfectly crispy. They also have plenty of toppings to choose from.  This place is in my rotation of regular take out establishments.Best pizza I've had while living in South Philly! Highly recommend, crust is a crunchy goodness. Toppings are plentiful, only wish the pineapple was fresh and not from a can.Only pizza joint in the city where the whole pie seems to be better than just getting a slice.  Maybe they should be called Whole?
Naturlich, serving pizza by the slice can turn mediocre pizza into great pizza.  When I'm rich I'll order a whole pizza, from any jon', and have them seperate and cook each slice seperately...then reassemble back into a pizza.great pizzas! great/friendly service. cash only is a negative though!The stromboli was great! The pizzas, great! The salads.... eh.  For a place that uses great ingredients, I just expected the salad to be better.  It was $11 for a spinach salad with a hardboiled egg, bacon, and mushrooms.  The mushrooms were pretty brown and the bacon wasn't fresh crispy bacon. It was the already cooked bacon that they use to top the pizzas with.  Can't say that I would get a salad again, but i would definitely get the pizza type items. Those were excellentSlice is absolutely my favorite pizza place in Philly. Hands down, they have the best thin crust pizza with delicious chunks of fresh sauce. The toppings are fresh and the staff are friendly. The owner is really cool and is almost always there. Since it is so thin, one person can easily eat a small pie to oneself - and i'm a small girl. Buyer beware- they only take cash. Also, one slice is pretty pricey because it is the equivalent of other pizza place's 2 slices. So, expect to pay $3 or more for one slice. But def a great place to try!Slice is flat out, hands down the best brick oven thin crust pizza in Philadelphia. Last time I ate in and talked to the owner who knew all about his competition and what made each one great. Obviously he then put it all together in one place. If you prefer New York style (flexible and big) or Chicago deep dish then this is not your place. However if you like brick oven thin crust well done pizza, Slice is the best around. Tacconellis comes in a close second.Slice definitely has the best pizza in philly hands down! A friend and I went there for lunch today. I grabbed a slice of the buffalo chicken and a slice of the portabella artichoke truffle pizza and they were both absolutely out of this world amazing!! Every time I sank my teeth into their pizza there was an enormous explosion of god dam that's good!I may have been rated a bit higher, but I was frustrated with the online ordering and had to call the restaurant. Delivery was very FAST, however and despite my frustration having to go to the lobby to pick it up (Hotel thing, not delivery issue) I was pleased. IT was warm, properly cooked and tasted very good. The crust is thin, not overloaded with toppings, very flavorful.Slice has awesome pizza! If you like thin crust...this the place for you! I have yet to try their salads and I've only been here during lunch, but the service is great and fast! I'm a huge fan of the margherita pizza!I've never written a Yelp review before, but felt compelled to do so for Slice. I'm picky when it comes to pizza, (I'm from New York and hold my pizza to a very high standard) but the plain slice here is great - and the customer service is even better. If you visit (and you should), hope that you get Russell at the front - he's the best!Gluten free pizza available for any of their pizzas! awesome! no extra charge and delicious. The crust was a-ok (a little thin and tortilla-esque), but certainly not bad and I will be back again. They've got traditional and funky flavors available, for instance I got the caramelized onion and goat cheese and but my roommate got the mushroom both were very well prepared and flavorful. Good spot to know about!Super agitated.  I ordered online and it doesn't tell you through the check out process that they don't accept credit cards.  I only learned that gem after waiting for my order to be completed after 30 minutes.  If you go, it's cash only.  They might have saved money by not accepting credit cards, but they lost more than they saved.After hearing about Slice we decided to try it out and have a couple pies delivered. Well that was a total bust. We literally waited an hour and a half for delivery. When it finally got here it was cold, burnt, no cheese and just horrible! We also ordered the Tiramisu and that had a nerve to be frozen! We could see the ice on it as we cut into it. I will NOT be ordering another thing from this place. They are misleading and have very slow service.I might be a bit of a pizza elitist but I was not extremely impressed with my meal here.
I stopped in yesterday and ordered the mandarin orange salad, the spinach/tomato/ricotta pizza and a slice of the caramelized onion/bacon pizza. The salad was tasty and fresh but for $9+ I expected a little more pizzaz or cheese but overall it was good. The veggie pizza was simply okay, the ingredients seemed fresh but they were flavorless and I couldn't taste even a hint of garlic on it which was disappointing - I wondered if it had been frozen or refrigerated most of the day.
For me good crust and sauce are everything and the crust was nice and thin but was overcooked and lacked flavor. We did order red sauce on the side which was tasty but the pizza itself should have more flavor. 
The last item - the bacon & onion pizza - was by far the best with tons flavor and less burned crust so I would recommend that highly....my only hesitation with being a repeat customer is the price as I believe the slice was over $4! 
Overall I'd say it's worth a visit to see if it's your style an worth the price, but for me I'm not sure if it is.Slice has one of the best Caesar salads I've ever had. Top 5, at least. My friend and I ordered delivery and got the Caesar salad and the Americano pizza. Both were delicious and delivery was fast, even for it being a Friday night.Had my first Slice experience on the way home from the Roxy movie theater. I haven't had too many late night pizza run since moving to Philadelphia, so I was excited to see Slice was open as I walked home at around 11 PM. There was a nice variety of slices available at the late hour and establishment looked pretty clean. The guy behind the pizzas was overwhelmed by takeout orders and I had to use hand signals to request that he put a slice in the oven for me. I went with a pepperoni and mushroom slice, but didn't get to choose the one I wanted. I like that it had a thin crust and a thicker pepperoni, but overall it was a very generic and subpar slice of pizza. When I got a total of about $4.50 for the slice I was absolutely shocked. There was nothing about the slice of pizza that deserved that type of price point. I will try to keep an open mind and give this place another chance because when it comes to pizza, I'm not a quitter.It's alright. Pizza crust kind of too hard for me.Fanstastic!  We got the Marinara pizza and the Spinach Salad.  The sauce was perfect and the crust thin & crispy.  Looking forward to trying everything on the menu!   (1 star shy of 5 because they don't take debit)This is yummy pizza, though I wish it weren't quite so crispy.  The ingredients tast fresh and they are generally pleasant when you dine in.
As a bonus, they got the pepperoni right.  
Sometimes when you go for slices they have some weird shit... like they had a pizza with American Cheese the other day.  I didn't try it, but let's be honest, that's the kind of ideas you get at 3AM when you're looking in your fridge for a late-night snack.
Speaking of late night, this place could make a killing if they stayed open through last call.  It is infinitely better than Tower Style.
Also - had a slice of margherita yesterday - $3.30?  Really?The pizza was ok. They make it so the crust is very thin and crunchy, like a giant cracker.  Had a lot of options for toppings. The girl working the counter was really nice and friendly, and the inside of Slice was nice and clean. 
I'd rather just go somewhere else and get a soft thin crust pie.This is somewhere between a 4-5 star review, but I rounded up because why not. Thank god for Slice, because now I can order fresh, delicious gluten-free pizza! It took me 2 years to find gluten-free pizza delivery in Philadelphia. This city is finally catching on. I order from them on a regular basis. Wish the gluten-free pizza's weren't so expensive and came in bigger sizes, but hey, you can't have it all. One time the pizza was delivered and it had slid the side and was all messed up, but shit happens, and it came from the Italian Market location.Best Vegan pizza that I have had. Only 4 stars because it's not my type of eat out atmosphere.I tried the South Phiily location and ran into this convenient Sansom St location.  I got a slice of margarita. Simple red sauce and mozzerella. The slice was sliced back in the oven to get it piping hot. For a place that provides slices, it did not disappoint!  Thin crust with the right crunch, sweet, acidic sauce, right amount of cheese, chewy crust. All good.
Need to try a sandwich one day. They looked good.Love, love this pizza!  Thank goodness they are now in CC and deliver to the Art Museum area.  Favorite pizzas are the pesto and margherita!I'm not much of a pizza person, but this pizza is exquisite. The crust was thin and crispy. Get a whole freshly made pizza. We had a goat cheese pizza and Hawaiian (I think that's what it's called, it had pineapple). The goat cheese pizza was soo so good. The Hawaiian pizza good, but it could have gone for more pineapple. 
The place is super casual and delicious. And the lady who works there was really friendly. I wish I had found this place sooner!Um ok it takes an hour for your order to arrive when you in a 5 block radius?
Its a thin crust style pizza that seems to go dough, cheese then toppings. Nothing smashing about it and its not a sauce but crushed tomatoes.Delicious gluten free crust!  I was in the city for work, and had a craving for a slice of gluten free pizza, and I found this place on Yelp.  The sauce is delicious, with chunks of real tomato and olive oil, and the cheese had a zip to it too. It wasn't just a plain old mozzarella.  Just fabulous.  Wish I lived closer and I would go weekly.This was the "cheese pizza" I ordered. Not only was it cold when it was delivered to me, but it had negligible traces of sauce and cheese and tasted like cardboard. I was very disappointed, as I had heard good things about Slice.I'd never have ordered an artichoke and truffle oil slice but the owner comped me! It worked. I'm your newest customer. Located half way between where I work and live, Slice could quickly become my downfall.
An aside: Owner is easy on the eyes making this place even more difficult to resist.Great pizza, especially if it's late at night when most other places in rittenhouse are closed. The only downside is they often run out of pizzas for individual slices which forces you to wait for them to make more pies or order your own. They also attract a large amount of drunk club goers after a night of drinking. I witnessed one gentlemen vomit all over a table and another pass out in line all on the same night.Always great gourmet pizza. Fresh ingredients, convenient location near Rittenhouse Square and I love the thin crist.The pizza was decent, but not spectacular. I had a slice of goat cheese/onion/bacon that was particularly good.  However, my girlfriend got a slice of sausage/pepper that was pretty horrible, way too spicy/oily with little flavor.  Hit or miss place.  Also, they don't have cups of ice, what's up with that!?'SliCE is my absolute favorite thin crusted pizza place!  All of their pizzas are fabulous!!  I can eat the Caramelized Onion & Goat Cheese pizza every day!  The Truffle Pizza is just as good.  Everyone who lives or visits center city should experience SliCE!I'm like super disappointed. Coming from Chicago I've had my fair share of bad pizza... but this place is definitely the biggest let down.
First of all the bread or crust is hard as a rock. Like concrete. The sauce is barely noticeable and the cheese is unmemorable. We got a pie and struggled to finish. You can't put enough salt and pepper on this cardboard to make it taste good. The guy on register today was hilarious. He was definitely high as he talked himself through. He'd answer the phone put people on hold forget and answer the phone like why does no one wait?
The pizza is kind of expensive ($20 pies). They need to walk over to NYPD pizza to get a real slice and learn from the best.Great place! Excellent salads, better than average ingredients, better than average prices. It is not that small inside, as other reviewers have said, totally fine for kids and BYO. Tip: Mix liquor with their organic real sugar fountain soda!Ordered a pizza online for delivery.  30minutes later, no pizza.  I called and they gave away my pizza to someone who picked it up.  I ALREADY PAID FOR IT AND ENDED UP WITH NOTHING AND NO DINNER.On super bowl Sunday we ordered for the first time here because Franco and Louigi's is always cold when we get it....Slice did Mess up our adresse but re-made our entire order and gave us free tiramisu! All within 20 min! Amazing pizza, great service! Franco and liugi who? Delete!delivery was late, red souse was missing, the GF pizza seemed like pre-made dough, wasn't tasty and it made me very sickFantastic thin slice pizza. Best spot in Rittenhouse for sure.Absolutely solid gourmet pizza. I normally don't like to pay $22 for a pizza for two, but their Hawaiian was really really good.
Doesn't reheat well at all, as other yelpers have noted.Great pizza!!! Thin crispy crust, has a nice slightly burnt crust.
The buffalo chicken was incredible. The buffalo sauce is perfect and ratio of ingredients was on point. There was also a decent amount of chicken. Highly recommend.I eat a lot of pizza, too much the wife tells me. From Naples, Milan, NYC....and today I tried a place in Philly. It was very, very good. Delish tomato topping, good seasoning, not too much cheese (a classic mistake), blistered nicely, I really enjoyed it. 
My only criticism is that its base is slightly too thick and chewy for me, but thats a personal preference. 
I've tried a couple of places in Philly but this is the one Ive enjoyed the most so far.
BTW big shout out to The Bronx pizza in San Diego...if you're ever in that neck of the woods check it out!Best pizza ever!!!!! Order the Pizazz if you want a great White Pizza that is so hot the peppers burn your mouth!!!!!!Thew new Slice location! I know there are a lot of fans of the pizza, but I must be honest...I've only tried the martguerita and the regular cheese (I'm a purist) and I have to say that it's good, but not that great. I have a penchant for the floppy new york style (having grown up on it). Slice is thinner, crunchier, "sore on the roof of your mouth if it's too hot and you eat to fast" type of deal. However, I do get take-out from Slice pretty consistently... Their calzones are awesome. My personal favorite is the bianco (ricotta + mozzarella) and I ask for a side of marinara sauce. Their homemade tiramisu is also really delicious. Fluffy, marscaponey goodness - not too much alcohol like some other places. Also wedge salad is another favorite. All in all, a meal that is slightly expensive, high in things you shouldn't ingest often, like bacon and cheese, but very delicious.I ordered a gluten free caramelized onion and goat cheese pizza. It was delicious, but really small. When it was all said and done after delivery and tip I paid almost $30 for a tiny pizza that would have fit into my microwave... so for that alone I wouldn't order from here again; it's a bummer because it was tasty! 
My delivery was on time and arrived hot, so other than my tiny pizza I have no complaints. 
Unfortunately size does matter.Five stars for a great gluten-free crust!  Delicious and wonderful to be able to eat pizza when the whim arises, as good GF options can be scarce and way expensive.  Highly recommend for those with allergies!  Can't speak to the 'regular' pizza.  Will definitely be back.  Great service.Service was friendly and warm, but the pizza just wasn't very good. We had a whole wheat crust pizza with spinach and sausage. Was inedible! Arugula salad was good but you come for the pizza, and we won't be coming back here again.Horrible.  I just called because YELP must have messed up my order.  The lady had typical attitude.  Not my problem.Great pizza, delivery is fast! Its somewhere between thin crust and regular pizza and they have globs of tomato on the pizza. Pie has a little char on it, our favorite spot!Came here because of Pizzeria Bedima is closed for private party.
The cashier is very friendly,  the sausage and pepper pizza is pretty
good but the Georgio pizza is ok(a little too salty)There are magicians making Slice's salads. 
The salad menu looked pretty extraordinary and I finally got around to adding some greens on the side of their amazing pies. I ordered the spinach salad with garlic, parmesan and balsamic. Yes, it sounds simple on the menu, but I was somewhat caught off guard by the lack of visual fireworks when my salad came out. What arrived looked like fresh spinach in a bowl with some cheese on top and balsamic on the side. You can imagine my surprise then, by their powers combined, these fresh ingredients magically transformed in my mouth into the most amazing salad I've ever had. I don't care if they've put crack in their salads, I'll stay a junkie for the goods at Slice.Fast delivery, delicious pizza, and a friendly delivery man to top it off. We will be ordering again and look forward to actually visiting Slice in person!The pizza really is quite wonderful (I'm vegan and they have vegan/whole wheat pizzas; my co-eater is omnivorous and sampled many slices) and the staff/owner are extremely nice and proactive. Also a gluten-free pizza!  Go/come for it!delicious variations of specialty pizzas - so great! another plus is that they have one open in south jersey now!I agree with a lot of the gripes the lower reviews are saying. I came in for lunch during normal lunch hours on a weekday and ordered 2 slices of pepperoni. There were 3 quarter sized slices of pepperoni per slice and there was quite literally no cheese. They attempted to cover up that fact with sprinkled Parmesan? If you think I'm exaggerating look at my picture titled "no cheese??"This review is for their Sansom location, although I assume they're both very similar in quality. If you like your pizza slices like I do: thin, crisp crust; tasty, quality ingredients; hearty and thick pepperoni slices; then go to SLICE, where you'll find all of that and a very accommodating staff.  From now on whenever I'm in CC and thinking pizza, you can be sure I'm thinking about SLICE.A number of places are guilty of the "less is more pizza" where the meat is more of a garnish than an actual topping. If it's a vegetable topping then 9 times out of 10 it's loaded down. It would be a clean sweep for Slice in the World Series of Topping Rationing.
And I agree with most other gripers here. Blandissimo!
I have to give Slice some credit though... for...
1.being in 1 of the best alley strips in the city (Sansom)
2. friendly service
3. a Yelp promo soda (peace to the l33ts)
4. a pretty cool interior
5. obviously there are people who do like boutique pizza hence the 4's and 5'sSolid pizza in a neighborhood with some of the best pizza in the city. Small location compared to the others . Pizza is solid if not amazing. The crust is thin, the pepperoni thick! Obviously they serve slices and this location is here to service the hipsters and the late night crowd. Not a thing wrong with it. My only issue . It seems like the slices I ordered had been sitting around for a while. They might rethink that. $8 for a plain and a pepperoni.DISGUSTING.
Ordered via GrubHub.  Took 2 hours and 3 minutes for delivery.
Most vile gluten free pizza I have ever tasted.  Wet cardboard pretty much sums it up.. my dog was not even interested in a piece of this crust.
Also the cheese was burned.  Will never eat here again.  Dominos gluten free pizza is literally 10 times better -- should have just gone with that.Best vegan pizza EVER. The quality of the dough/crust was amazing.Melissa is the best!! She is awesome and so are the cooks making the pizza. Napoleon and Sam rock!!!Pizza was yummy, especially for those late
Night cravings. Pretty good selection. Make sure u have cash because credit requires $20. They lose a star for that only because it's just a pizza slice store...yeah pretty weird.Had to bump up to four stars after just ordering delivery - the poor guy was dripping yet but was still pleasant and had put a black trash bag around the normal pizza case to make sure my pizza was a) hot and b) dry.  Full pies beat the slices, which is what I had when I wrote my 3-star review.I've ordered here a few times since they opened.   The pizza is decent and it comes fairly quick but they constantly mess up my order.  They really don't have that many items on their menu, so for the life of me I can't understand how they consistently can't deliver.   Hopefully they get their act together since there are a lot of equal (if not better) pizza places around here that know how to run a business.A rare gem of quality and kindness in Philly. Owners are interested in repeat business, treat everyone with respect, and ensure quality every time.Just got a margherita pizza and some fries delivered from here. Pizza came not even warm, scarce cheese that came off as entire pieces. The crust tasted burnt, but the sauce was good. Wish it was warmer with some more cheese I guess...the fries were so soggy! They put it in a box so it steamed up and made them very soggy fries. Anyway, probably won't order from here again.Had the Calzone and was great. I would get a side of marinara but I just like dipping.  Great friendly staff.i reaaaalllly want to give slice five stars for their pizza alone. thin but chewy crust (crispy at the edges), excellent sauce, fresh toppings, olive oil drizzled over the top, little spots of vegan mozzarella (i knoooow it doesn't taste like cheese but it satisfies the same craving), all very delicious. but i have to dock them one star, because a large pizza with two toppings should not cost $24. no way.Thin, crispy, flavorful and fresh. SliCe never ceases to please my palate.
Being Italian and coming from a family that always makes pizza, (rarely ordering due to the exceeding expectations for impeccable flavors thus facing consistent disappointments) I am always skeptical to order pizza from a new place. 
However...
I am ecstatic to find my go-to pizza shop in Philly for pickup since it's close to my office and delivery when I don't feel like getting off the couch! SliCe offers an extensive menu of enticing options for everyone. The margarita is an unbeatable classic if you're not feeling adventurous, but if you're in the mood for more, I recommend the Italiana (with prosciutto and arugula). 
Not only is the food fantastic, but the service is friendly and helpful too. The delivery drivers are just as cordial, too!
There isn't one choice on the menu that can steer you in the wrong direction. Go try it my friends, and you will not be disappointed. And if you are, you clearly no nothing about pizza :]Not bad, not amazing.  A good, quick place to drop by for lunch and pick up a slice or two.  Enough room to grab a seat and scarf it down.
Fave slice from Slice has always been the caramelized onion, goat cheese and bacon (prosciutto?) pizza - however, like all other slices here, they could be more generous and consistent in their toppings (that is, there's never enough (especially the cheese) and it seems to be haphazardly applied) and their sauce.  The slice size is medium and the crust is thin (which is what mama likes) - Where other places it seems as though one slice is enough to eat, here it always seems you need at least two.   So for cost ratio versus hungry belly, Slice might not be as good as its nearby competitors.Delicious, hot and delivered quickly to our hotel (The Warwick) after a concert at the Wells Fargo center. We even ate the leftovers cold in the morning. The San Marzano sauce on the Americano is AMAZING. So much flavor - and the dough was perfectly cooked. I would definitely check Slice out again when we're back in town. To call their pizza "decent" or "nothing that will blow one's mind out of the water" is an absolute atrocity. It's PERFECTION.Just picked up mozzarella sticks and chicken fingers and wow, cooked to perfection. they were extremely good and perfectly crispy. The mozz sticks are amazing. Also the lady at the front had incredible energy and extremely friendly. Will definitely be back again.Came to get a "slice" as the name of the establishment implies, however there were no non-meat options! I ended up having to order a whole pie.. I chose the Florentine, which is a white pizza with spinach and tomato. Super tasty and crunchy crust. Would definitely try coming again!I was looking forward to trying slice since the reviews were very good. I was super disappointed. I ordered one slice of plain and one slice of tomato pie. The crust is dry, there's hardly any cheese or tomato sauce, it's some of the worst pizza I have had. The tomato pie is criminal, It's basically a chore to eat. Maybe their speciality pizzas are better, but from now on I'm avoiding this place like the plague.Goat cheese and Caramelized onion GLUTEN FREE pizza is incredible. Best pizza in the city.Frustrated by this place because they serve good gluten free pizza, yet whenever I order they make mistakes. Furthermore, not only is this the most expensive gluten free pizza I've ever paid for, but it's also the smallest size - that doesn't make sense. They have a groupon, but you can only use it to dine in, and the fishtown location only has a handful of seats. Only reason I tried Slice again is because I'm sick and was craving it. Oh well, lesson learned.My girlfriend and I just recently stopped by here while waiting for the doors to open a few blocks away at The Fillmore for a show and I have to admit that I was a little skeptical at first because I'm personally VERY picky when it comes to vegan food (especially pizza), but the atmosphere was clean, aesthetic to the eye, and the people working there were kind, caring, and very interesting. We were immediately greeted by Melissa, the wonderful soul that she is. She was a beacon of light and flooded us (in a good way) with information about the neighborhood and things happening around the area and graced us with the hospitality you'd expect to receive from only your closest family. The food was delicious and I'm sure we will definitely be back.Great for a party!
My husband and I had our rehearsal dinner at Slice and could not have been happier with the meal and the service we received.  We had about 30 people for the rehearsal dinner and the restaurant was set up to accommodate for us.  We had discussed before wanting things to be a very casual atmosphere with some seats but mostly have standing and mingling going on.  
I had communicated with Marlo about the dinner and she was so responsive to all of my questions and just as promised, I received a call from one of the managers Andrea to confirm everything before the dinner.  Andrea was an absolute pleasure to talk with and work with.  We all loved the pizza, loved the space and had an amazing time.  Everything was served very quickly and the price for the evening was fantastic.
My biggest thank you for Slice comes for the fact that they were so accommodating and reasonable.  We learned through wedding planning that the mention of the word "wedding" usually tacks a few more dollar signs on a price but that was not the case with Slice.  We could not recommend them more.Consistently good pizza.  Fresh toppings, thin crust, and great service from owners and employees.  I would trek across town to get pizza from the original Slice in So. Philly and was so excited when they opened up the Center City location making it easier for me to have Slice weekly!Ok, I'll confess... we came here a little drunk at 2am. The shining light saved us in our quest for quality late night pizza. We were the only ones there, and the guy was super friendly and patient. 
We ordered a large so that we could split the toppings half and half. (Love when places do this!) Ultimately we decided on half barbecue chicken and half hawaiian, which were solid decisions. For some reason I really enjoyed the long thinly-sliced chicken as opposed to the chunks or shreds you typically see on pizzas. The house made barbecue sauce is also noticeably tasty. We all said that we would definitely come back to try the fancy sounding truffled ribeye pizza. 
Also, my favorite drunk food is cheese fries. And I was a little disappointed when he said, "We don't have classic cheese fries." Though he quickly redeemed himself by adding, "You could do parmesan fries, which I really recommend." And he wasn't wrong. These were a classy-ass version of cheese fries. There was a generous helping of grated parm on the whole basket o' fries. 
All in all, an amazing late night place after a night out in Fishtown! Just make sure to have some cash handy or you'll have to use their ATM.Was in town for a couple days on business and stayed a few blocks away. Every time I come east from San Francisco I like try new pizza joints. Got a small pie and salad for takeaway and it was decent but certainly not great. On a scale of 1-10 I'd give the pie a 6.5 but then I'm a tough judge so bear that in mind. All in all I suggest you try it but eat in seemed a bit quiet on a wednesday summer night.Tried to Branch out tonight and try something other than pizza brain, big mistake. Ordered 2 special pizzas, one being the brussel sprouts and I think they either ran out of ingredients or just didn't care. Dough is chewy, za was flavorless; overall was just very dissatisfied. I am not sure how they have several locations selling pizza of this quality at those prices!Love love love this place!! The Maine Root drinks are to die for and staff is always pleasant. This place rocksWe ordered delivery and the delivery guy didn't have any change on him and expected a $10 tip on a $30 order. The mozzarella sticks were good but the marinara sauce was ice cold. The pizza also came cold. Would not recommend delivery.The pizza dough was the real highlight. It was chewy yet crisp and perfectly thin. I ordered a small pie with ricotta, pancetta and sundried tomatoes. The ricotta was pretty good although slathered all over the pizza. The pancetta wasn't too bad and came in big slices which was nice. The sundried tomatoes were pretty bad. I actually picked most of them off of the pizza. They had that strange tinny taste that can never be a good thing. My bf ordered the BBQ pizza and he really enjoyed it. I tried a few bites and didn't think it tasted much like BBQ but was still really good - sweet, but really good.
Overall it was a nice option for a different kind of pizza and some interesting toppings. Truth be told though, there were leftovers that we never approached.Slice is a great combination of quality pizza, reasonable prices and a decent amount of seating.  I find that a lot of great pizza places in Philly are very light on seating, so you basically have to take it to go so I really appreciated the availability of seating at Slice.  We got a veggie pizza (it doesn't come with mozzarella, but we added it), which had onions, tomatoes, eggplant, mushrooms and roasted peppers.  The veggies were all perfectly cooked, and the eggplant was well sized for a pizza (though I would have preferred the onions to be sliced, instead of chopped).  There was a bit too much seasoning on the eggplant, but that's definitely better than many places, where the eggplant is pretty tasteless.
The service was friendly and the location is very convenient (there's also a location in the Italian Market if you're looking for a more authentic experience) - I'll definitely be back!Today I had my second experience at Slice and it was even better than my first. The first time my campers had a lot of fun making their own pizzas. The woman who runs the place is so accommodating and energetic! Today I brought my younger cousins and my dog. She offered to let us sit inside because it was so hot, but we stayed outside. The pizza is delicious, the garlic knots are some of the best I've ever had, and their selection of sodas was pretty cool. I had the blueberry soda! Now I can't wait to try the chocolate chip cookie I brought home.Simply the best in the Rittenhouse Square area! Love the wheat crust!This place is so hit or miss. Sometime the pizza is really good, but sometimes it's like cardboard. Sometimes they totally skimp on the cheese, and sometimes the sauce is super bitter and tart. We keep trying, and for the price, they need to start getting it right at least most of the time.I had a tomato pie slice and a mushroom slice.  Both good, though I probably wouldn't order the tomato slice again.  So many other good looking ones with cheese that I think would be better.  Very very thin crust, so not overly filling, but it can also burn and get crispy easily.  Slices are big which is also nice.  
I'm excited to try the truffle pizza next time!Definitely better than Joe's on 16th. The crust here is delightfully thin and crispy. The plain slice is very good (easily four stars). The barbecue chicken is not as strong (probably a 2.5 stars or so).My son and I are gluten-free and very sensitive.
We ate their twice over a three day period while there on vacation.
The servers were very helpful and the pizza was very tasty with lots of GF options for toppings.  They were very careful and diligent about avoiding cross contamination.
The pizza was very tasty and we would highly recommend to others.the pizza is OK. nothing to write home about. i don't get the rave but then again, i'm from NY - home to some great simple and gourmet pizza slices.Slice was OK. My friend and I ordered a Large Buffalo Chicken Pizza. The Chicken was fresh and the pizza was a little too thin for our liking. The sauce tasted good but the crust was SUPER thin and was burnt around the outside. I was recommended by someone and I would definitely not have gotten it if I didn't get a Living Social deal of $10 for $20. It would be wayyyyyyy too overpriced!!!Pizza sucks. Never fresh .. EVER. They have cold pies sitting in a window waiting for suckers like us to pay $4 for a slice of old reheated pizza. I've been here numerous times for a quick lunch. Each time I hate myself for it. Today, I thought I'd be bold and order the $4.32 a slice truffle mushroom and artichoke pizza. I could not taste a hint of truffle oil. I can't come back here again.Good customer service! They brought the wrong soda on delivery once and they  left and came back with the right one! I didn't even ask them to do that... we were going to be fine with the Dr.Pepper.
Decent pizza and cheesesteaks- nothing that will blow one's mind out of the water. But we appreciated the good serviceSo after my negative pizza delivery experience, the owner of Slice actually contacted me via Yelp.  She offered a credit for another pizza, which I went to pick up.  I called about an hour in advance and actually got there earlier than I expected and it was ready in 10minutes (before when I said I would pick it up).  
I got the clams casino pizza and shared it with two of my friends.  We all liked it a lot and had at least 2 slices - the crust was thin with a good chewy texture and a lingering sweetness and there was ample amounts of clam.  I personally would have liked a higher ratio of bacon to clam, but I understand if the clam was supposed to take the forefront on taste.
So since my second experience was very positive I am changing my average rating to a 3.Delivery was fast.  Came in just under 30 minutes, and I was able to order online and pay with my credit card.  
Decided to get the chicken scaloppine pizza with grilled chicken, mushrooms, roasted red peppers and mozarella cheese.  The pizza was just okay....everything tasted kind of bland and nothing really stood out.  The pizza also wasn't cheesey enough...the cheese ended about an inch away from the crust, the sauce didn't have a lot of flavor, nor did the chicken.  The pizza was thin an crunchy though and arrived piping hot.Good pizza but they struggle terribly with delivery. Expect a least an hour wait any day of the week. Often shows up cold and hard.Ordered from here on a weekend and it was hands down not only the worst pizza I've ever had but also the worst fries and worst chicken fingers. I can't fault the late delivery as I used Grubhub but the quality of the food was absolutely terrible. I would never order from here again that would include if they wanted me to try something for freeI am giving this place 5 stars with a few caveats.  One of my main complaints is this is a cash only business.  The taste and quality of the food is excellent.  The slice of pizza is large with a a thin and crispy crust,  but less filling than other pizzas because of the very low grease content.  The fresh made hot sugar donuts are the real winner here and they were not at all greasy!   There is nothing too much better than a hot donut. The other complaint I had was they did not have the dipping sauce for the donuts yet.  However, the quality and service override my complaints and this is a welcome addition to Fishtown.Ordered the gluten free vegan mozzarella caramelized onion truffle ribeye pizza and it was AMAZING!  It was thin crust pizza, baked to perfection and had the best flavor.  Zero complaints and a very happy belly!Food was good --- my delivery experience with this restaurant using the Eat24 app was probably the worst my husband and I have ever had, and we order a lot of delivery. Told that they were out of an item we ordered and could they substitute XX.  We said sure then noticed they charged us more for that subsitutuions (um, no...when that hapens you don't up charge us for your offering of giving us something as a substitute for the item you don't have).  From placing order to delivery at our doot was more than an hour and a half, and when they DID arive, said we owed money (cash only) which we did not, we had paid on the Eat24 app via paypal and showed the delivery person.  Another 20 min back and forth with the restaurant to confirm that we HAD PAID before we had our food in hand.  Which we now had to re heat because it was obviously cold.    I might try this restaurant again, but only if we did carry out or dine in.  It wasn't god enough to risk having that horrible of a delivery experience again.Quite a small pizza for the price.  Mediocre flavor at best... no reason to order from here again with all of the other pizza places just blocks away.Came in last night for a Buffalo Chicken Pizza (Remembering the recommendation Micheal P made on here before coming here) and it was awesome. I can tell from the moment I bit into the pizza they used quality cheese and chicken. The cashier was extremely accommodating throwing away my empty beer cans as I definitely had a few before coming. There are no trash cans out front or inside for the customers so keep in mind they have to personally discard all the trash you leave behind. Will definitely be getting Buffalo Chicken Pizza from here again and may try some other things next time as well.We reserved a table for 7 on the night before a race. The lady who seated us and took our order was very helpful. We ordered two large pies which were both half and half, which they kindly double cut so we could each get a small slice of everything. They brought out real glasses for our bottle of wine and had a wine opener. This was our first time here and everyone loved it! The pizzas were great and fresh, nice thin crispy crusts and very flavorful. We tried the Hawaiian, Caramelized Onion & Goat Cheese, Florentine & BBQ Chicken. This wound up being $10. per person with tip. SO glad we did this and went here! I would return here for pizza again. Thank you!!Got delivery from here - wings, pizza and fries. Everything would have been amazing if it were not cold. Disappointing because we were about an hour and super excited to try something new. I recommend only for eat in our takeout, do not try dePoor crust and flavorless ingredients. I give 2 stars just because of the good service.This is a nice place to jump in and get a quick slice of pizza. The staff were SUPER personable and friendly, and the place itself is cozy. I would stop in here again.Came here for lunch on a weekday with a group of four. We each ordered a slice of pizza and a salad. The pizzas sit out and they just warm up a slice in the oven. There was artichoke, plain cheese, veggie, and plain tomato pizza. I am one of those weirdos who enjoy tomato pizza, so I was happy to see that option! The salads are quite large and tasty. The pizza, however, falls flat (literally- the crust has no rise to it), and it lacks in flavor. It felt like eating for function rather than for fun.
TL;DR: pass up on Slice and go for any of the other good food places near Rittenhouse!Mmm Slice. I just want to start off by saying that in the city, you don't even have enough pizza places offering slices, let alone being open at reasonable times like Slice is. I actually went to their South Philly location first for a friend's Korean birthday. Having so many options there (any place that offers whole wheat crust is amazing in my books) intrigued me to try out their Rittenhouse location (which is conveniently located on Sansom St. aka my favorite street in the city).
Even if it's close to closing time, you'll always fine a nicely-sized plain slice which, after heating, comes out well done (just how I like it). They're very accommodating and give you anything you need. Seating is almost never an issue, and they have these cool glass water jugs that they conveniently keep in their fridge so you can grab water at any time. A little while ago, my co-worker tried one of the strombolis while I tried a calzone. Both of us were so satisfied with lunch that day that we almost fell asleep on the job! The tomato sauce that accompanies this is so well-made too. By the way, we got lunch this day via the $11 for $20 Groupon they had. Last time I checked, it was still there so it's nice to know that the deal sticks around for a while. The only complaint I have is that I wish they had the whole wheat crust pizzas readily available as slices :(.
Definitely give it a shot, I'm sure you won't be disappointed!The vegan pizza was very good. I got it with caramelized onions, instead of the red onions and added vegan cheese. Loved it!They have a decent pie. Pizza Brain was my go to until Slice opened. I like that they have more to offer than just pizza. Their wings are really good as well!Ordered two pizzas for delivery. Ordered one extra, extra, crispy. It came as one big soggy sloppy undercooked mess. Specifically called the restaurant and told them I only had a $100 bill for a $40 order. Driver showed up, who was an employee of said restaurant, and no one told him I had a $100 bill. If you're a pizzeria, and you can't cook a pizza as requested, it's not acceptable. If you're charging $20 for a 12 inch pizza, get it right!I went here and the pizza was yummy but the staff was even more wonderful--shoutout to Daniel who was an angel when I came in for a slice the other day and took great care of me. I'll be back very soon!!Tried slice for the 1st time tonight.  Pizza was just average, nothing great.  It was thin and had little to no cheese or sauce.  The toppings were okay but the pie was kind of skimpy and thin.  Felt like I was eating more a flatbread rather than pizza.This place is terrible.  Do not waste your money!!!  The worst crust EVER!!!  Pizza tasted like it was heated up and not made fresh.  Stay far away!!!Cool little place, BYOB, nice staff, great location....but was not impressed with the pizza. 
I'm sure it appeals to the hipster crowd in Fishtown. Was an okay size but very thin, flaky crust, kinda pricey IMO.Delivery was over half an hour past the 45min stated. Pizza was overpriced cold and dry.Awesome place! I highly suggest the ribeye truffle pizza! There gluten free crust is very good! And their assortment of Maine root fountain drinks is great. The counter girl/ possibly manager was such a sweetheart and took very good care of us. I will definitely be going backWe got take out, some of the food was tasty but they messed up so much.  We ordered an Americano pizza, wings, salad & a brownie.
1) wings were good but No celery & no blue cheese - both promised on menu.
2) Salad was good until I got to the part where the lettuce was just dirty. Actual dirt & sand & garden bug.
3)....to add insult to injury there was No salad dressing.
4) And we ordered a brownie but got tiramisu! 
It's like they looked at the order & just said what's the most random way to F this up.Fresh, organic and tasty!! This hidden gem in Fishtown makes eating pizza less guilty. My boyfriend and I ordered the pear and goat cheese salad over a bed of spinach, hand-cut french fries with sea salt, and a slice of pepperoni and mushroom pizza. All were absolutely delicious. And the best part? Only $16 bucks!! Can't wait to come here again. This will be my new "place".One of the worst takeout experiences of my life.  The gluten-free pizza made my husband who has celiac so sick that he was spasming and barfing all night. If you have celiac, keep yourself safe and avoid this place.We love the pizza here, so when my daughter suggested Slice for her ninth birthday party I happily agreed. The friendly owners and staff helped us plan and decorate, and let us dominate the shop for the better part of a Sunday afternoon for a make-your-own-pizza party, complete with fries, soda, and donuts (plus we brought a cake). They were even able to accommodate a gluten-free/dairy-free kid with no problem. The kids had a blast, and we parents got an affordable, fun birthday option that didn't cost an arm and a leg (and we didn't even have to clean our house). Highly recommended for your next children's birthday party!Called in an order for pick up and walked the pups to the pizza shop. 
When we arrived the order wasn't ready so we sat out side on the curb side seating. We arrived early.  One of the employees noticed we had our pups so she brought out biscuits!  Yeah, peanut butter! Ha. 
The food was great!  I ordered a spinach Stromboli. The dough was delicious and cooked to perfection. There must of been two bags of spinach and plenty of mozzarella in the boil! The outside was crisp and painted with a garlic butter. It was lightly topped with some extra mozzarella.  Highly recommend. 
My wife had the signature salad. BTW, lots of salad choices. She said it had the perfect amount of toppings and salad dressing. However she would of like a choice of a protein. 
The staff was extremely friendly and accommodating. 
This could become our go to pizza/salad shop. 
Cheers!So glad I finally tried this spot and now need to go back to try everything else!!! Super friendly, special pizza was awesome, I normally feel a little bleh and heavy after pizza, not so here. Everything was fresh, crust perfect. I have been looking for a go to pizza and salad place for a long time and have found one!!!I was really hoping to like Slice, but I was very underwhelmed by their pizza.  The pizza was burnt, and low and sauce and cheese.  I was disappointed.Wow this place is great. Not only do they have great pizza but they are decent people. 
They actually screwed up my delivery tonight- guy went to the wrong block and they called to say they pizza went back to the shop.
They were nice enough to not only give us two new pizzas but they also gave us the originals!
Thats great customer service!A really fine slice with quality ingredients. Thin and crispy crust, just the way I prefer it. The restaurant seems understaffed, but it hasn't affected prompt and friendly service when I have visited at lunchtime.Ive been a fan of Slice since I first started eating there in South Philly years ago. It seems always to provide a good thin crust pie and quality ingredients.  Naturally I was concerned the newest location, so close to me in Fishtown, was going to be a little removed from the standards I counted on in the original location.  However, after several times, I can safely say the quality is solid!
Also, the area is getting more and more packed and good pizza is in demand.  So, when my old standby source would say "45-60 minute" delivery estimate, I would call Slice and they usually say 20-30 minutes; it usually comes sooner.  The pies are delicious and the selection great.  The service is really nice.  So Im glad to have another great source of pizza, that I now call first when Im needing a pizza.
PS: the seating area at the restaurant is really nice.  The personal attention from staff is great. I recommend stopping in for lunch or dinner sometime.Excellent organic natural ingredients pizza ...Absolutely delish and the place is pretty nice and super clean! Also when you order a drink you get a free refill which is always nice!!!!We ordered from here the other night. Our order consisted of the Florentine pizza and an order of mozzarella sticks. The pizza was perfect and was loaded with fresh spinach, slices of tomatoes and dollops of ricotta. It was just garlicky enough and wasn't greasy at all as most white pizza's can be. The mozzarella sticks were insane! Instead of your normal little skimpy sticks they were thick hunks of cheese with a breadcrumb coating. Seriously, they were incredible. I wanted to order a specific soda but unfortunately they had not received their order of it yet as they just opened a few days ago but when the delivery guy got here he handed me a bottle of another soda on the house. I'm not saying this will be the case with every order but it sure speaks volumes about their commitment to good customer service. I will definitely be ordering from here again in the future. Welcome to the neighborhood Slice!I have ordered here probably 10 times. They suddenly are horrible. 2 orders ago I ordered 4 pizzas, 1 no cheese because of a 3 year old that lives pizza but has a bad dairy allergy. Well they put cheese on it and I didn't find out until I drove home. So the kid most excited was the one left out. Today was excited to do pizza and football with my same little guy. They took an hour and a half, called me twice saying that the cook got hurt (which is understandable) but that the pizza would go in and be to my door in about 15-20 minutes. I get a call 15 minutes later from the owner saying they didn't have some of the ingredients (wheat dough). Then 17 minutes later the delivery guy shows up with 1 pizza.. not 2 and the one has cheese. The delivery driver came back after doing a lap around the block and said it was back there and it was but when you take 2 hours to get a pizza out then don't have ingredients and break promises about delivery time then deliver the wrong order the first try I would expect some love. Order should've been comped but nope. Lost my business. I wish whoever used to run it would come back because I am really disappointed Ted with how sloppy they are now.Amazing high quality ingredients you can taste with knowledgable super personable staff. Byob cash only 3am Fridays and SaturdaysDon't waste your time. Our food arrived burnt and cold. Fries were disgusting and soggy. Wish I had went with a different delivery place. Maybe the food is better in person?Great slices and friendly staff!  Plain slice is great!  Lovely sauce and a beautifully cooked crust that was perfectly thin and crispy. I also tried a slice of their caramelized onion, bacon, and blue cheese that was amazingly good!  
It's a great location to bridge that gap between Johnny Brenda's and Lloyd/Kraftwork with a Slice!Honestly, save your money!! Much better pizza in the neighborhood for a much better price! 
My second time ordering from Slice and I am extremely disappointed. The first time I ordered from here the delivery was fast and the pie was hot and delicious! Coming from Brooklyn I was excited to find pizza I enjoyed. So tonight rolls around...I order a small pie and an order of mozzarella sticks. The pizza was so small and light, it should've been listed as a personal pie. I mean I seriously thought they made a mistake and sent me an empty pizza box. Now, on to the mozzarella sticks..they were nothing like the gooey, crispy deliciousness I imagined. They were hard, crunchy, dry and taste like they were refried several times. The only good thing about this place is their fast delivery.Ordered a large pie with two toppings, two veggies on half for my vegetarian boyfriend and bacon and olives on the other half for me. We were charged $27 for the pie, so for four toppings. I order this same exact pie wherever I go, from a half dozen places in my hood and it's like $12-15, we called back to explain they were trying to charge us for 4 toppings as a plain large pie is $14, but the guy didn't understand.
Pie arrives and the dough is so chewy and tough it actually hurts my mouth to chew, bacon is chipped up fine and over every sq inch of half the pie, same with the olives but instead of being regular black firm mild olives you would get on pizza or nachos, or in a can, they are super salty overwhelming Kalamata olives.
I've never had to pick a pizza topping off a pizza in my life to make it edible. But this was a nasty salt bomb. Mediocre pizza. Sky high prices.First time ordering the other night, picked up a Large Margarita and fried mozz. $27 total
I though was pretty good and the food was delicious. Pie was coming out of the oven when I arrived and they were picking basil right off the plant to put on it. I could smell it from the counter. We live in the neighborhood and we'll definitely be back.This place has terrible customer service and not only that customer service aside, the deliverance of the food was done wrong. We called and ordered takeout at 7:03 PM and arrived to pick it up at 7:40 PM only to be rudely accosted and told that the food was not yet ready. Granted, this is an order of two salads mozzarella sticks and wings, please do tell me how to fried items and too cold items take over 35 minutes to be ready?!?Update - have ordered 2 times since and asked them to do fish-shaped pizzas for my sons Nemo themed birthday. They not only made the custom pizzas (pretty cool) but delivered right on time and correct (birthday boy got his allergy safe pizza :). Much thanks and happily ordering as my #1 spot in Fishtown area again (and again that says a lot, there is amazing pizza in the area).
I have ordered here probably 10 times. They suddenly are horrible. 2 orders ago I ordered 4 pizzas, 1 no cheese because of a 3 year old that lives pizza but has a bad dairy allergy. Well they put cheese on it and I didn't find out until I drove home. So the kid most excited was the one left out. Today was excited to do pizza and football with my same little guy. They took an hour and a half, called me twice saying that the cook got hurt (which is understandable) but that the pizza would go in and be to my door in about 15-20 minutes. I get a call 15 minutes later from the owner saying they didn't have some of the ingredients (wheat dough). Then 17 minutes later the delivery guy shows up with 1 pizza.. not 2 and the one has cheese. The delivery driver came back after doing a lap around the block and said it was back there and it was but when you take 2 hours to get a pizza out then don't have ingredients and break promises about delivery time then deliver the wrong order the first try I would expect some love. Order should've been comped but nope. Lost my business. I wish whoever used to run it would come back.The pizza is decent, nothing to really remark on, better than many places in Girard Ave but it's just pretty good. However don't order chicken wings. Their "buffalo" or hot sauce is just Franks red hot, their "specialty sauce" is almost inedible in flavor.The best thing about this place is that it's one of the few food places that's open late. The pizza was ok.                  Note: they're quarter size slicesSlice is good. I don't eat pizza often, but when I do, I prefer it organic. Plus they got those late night slices.Cash only? Serious bummer. Please accept credit cards!Slice is awesome. Their food is great, and they're super nice. My order from Grub Hub  came earlier than expected (probably my fault) so I wasn't home yet. They were so understanding, made me a new pizza, and delivered it once I was home.First try on pickup: placed an order for pizza without cheese.  Showed up, it wasn't ready.  Waited an extra 10 minutes, it had cheese on it.  He said a new one without cheese would be ready in 15 minutes so I went home.  Hard to ask him any questions, he had his headphones in the whole time and constantly was like, what? Or didn't hear me.  Gave benefit of the doubt and came back in 20.  It was ready, but had no cheese and no sauce on it.  He said it wasn't supposed to have sauce (? fine), did I want it?  Um, yes!  He put about 2 tbsp per slice of COLD sauce on it and gave it to me.  Pizza crust itself was a bit burnt, and the toppings were there but kinda sparse.  Wanted to hook up a local biz I hadn't tried before but seriously, do yourself a favor, buy from any of the other 4 pizza places within 2 blocks of here.  They've been here longer anyway.
PS- definitely saw him chopping salad without gloves on, ummm, coronavirus?Love the Gluten free pizza here and that they have organic ingredients! Makes me feel a little better about eating pizza! I love the buffalo chicken pizza, and the salads are pretty great too. The place is BYO so I love going with a few friends and bringing some wine, the atmosphere is perfect for that. My only complaint is cash only inside the restaurant.. there's an ATM but it's not the most convenient.This pizza was so good!!! The cashier (Austin) was such a great help and was so friendly. Perfect slices to finish a night out, will definitely be backI've always had good experiences getting pizza here. I always order a whole pizza so it's fresh and it continues to be my boyfriend and I's favorite pizza spot. They also have really good fresh cut fries. I'd recommend giving it a shot despite a few bad reviews!!Pizza was ok but customer service was horrible. I paid extra money for a whole wheat pizza and they called saying they didn't have whole wheat but when I picked it up, they said they already charged me for it so they couldn't refund my money. Didn't offer anything in return. Doubt I'll return.The calzone was amazing. Stuffed with ingredients, delicious cheese, and super flavorful without being too oily. The pizza, on the other hand, was lacking. There didn't seem to be enough cheese to even come close to covering the top of the pizza, and the ingredients only covered the middle of the pizza and they ignored covering the part of the pizza close to the crust. The mushrooms were delicious on the pizza and the pepperoni was sliced thick, which was a good change, but having some empty bites of crust was disappointing. The food was finished pretty quickly, but I would recommend that you eat in so that the pizza is warm and fresh. I also ordered the donuts, which tasted more like old, crusty pizza dough that was way too chewy, covered in cinnamon sugar, so if you're into that, go for it! But I wouldn't order those again. The highs and the lows balance out to a pretty good A-OK quality, as long as you navigate the menu and pick for freshness!The pizza was ok loved the sauce but was kind of upset that they didn't have the vegan pepperoni also the doughnuts was very chewy and hard to eatI want to like Slice so much more than I actually do.
Their store fronts and branding are great, and the pizzas always sound delicious, but my assessment of the final product is always "meh".
I find the crusts inconsistent, generally running a bit too thin and crisp for my taste.
I've frequented both the Fishtown and South Philly locations and my experience has been the same at both.
For the price, there are better (though more basic) options nearby.Just moved From NJ and had know idea What to eat and I was not familiar with the Area. It's 9pm and my Stomach is Talking. I hop on Yelp to see if there's anything I can get thats tasty and Satisfying. After looking up and down, I find Slice! What a Great Find!. I call in, because I'm that kind a Customer, and talk to Austin. Austin was Super Patient and very helpful!!. After ordering my food, I expected to wait forever !!!. Wrong, the food came right Away!. The food was Great and the Phone Service was superb.My husband and I always have said that we haven't had any real good pizza! No pizzeria nearby sells anything that has us wanting more. 
We found a Groupon for SLICE awhile back. On this particular day, we had plans on taking our son for a push/walk at Spruce Harbor Park but found no parking so we just kept driving. SLICE was about 10 minutes away so we stopped by. 
SLICE is a small pizza shop with a few outdoor tables and fits about 15-20 people inside comfortably. It's also a BYOB. Cash only on weekend nights and they're open until 3am! A plus in our book! Philly lacks alot of good late night spots for food. 
Cold water is served at your table in a carafe which is a nice touch! All pizzas are served on a thin crust and well done. Definitely not your average pizza shop at all. 
I believe we had the Giorgio(spell check) pizza. Delicious! $18 for a large pie which was more than enough for us and a few bites for the baby. Thick cut pepperoni, sweet n sassy San Marzano tomato sauce, fresh mushrooms. You just can't compare this style pizza  to your average pizza store you order Cheesesteaks from.
Pizzas are made to order. Took about 20 minutes for ours to reach the table but well worth the wait. 
Our server was friendly, offered us a high chair and even brought a plate and cup for our son. Small touches like that bring us back to establishments. 
I wouldn't mind coming back here without a Groupon!The food is decent but since they opened the service has been lacking. My boyfriend and I went the first week they opened and ate inside and thought it was good so we tried delivery the next time. We ordered a pizza and their organic garlic knots. We got a pizza and a box with round pizza dough with nothing on it. I called back and got some lame reason has to how that was their garlic bread from someone who I could not even understand on the phone. I brought it back in to show them and get my garlic knots. The cook asked one of the girls at the counter how to make garlic knots. I waited a half hour for them. Gave them another chance tonight ordered a small pizza and a salad for pick up they told us 15 min. We arrived a half hour later and it still was not ready. It appears there is no management inside at all on the weekend. The food is decent but the service sucks and I am seriously discouraged to ever go back again. Get it together!Pizza is very mediocre. Service is very mediocre.
It is close and convenient, but something about this place is lacking. I have been 3 times, and it has only been good one of those time. And the one time that it was good...only half of the pizza was good. The other half was overcooked.
Going forward, I'm going to go to Pizza Beddia for all of my pizza needs.The food has never been short of amazing. This weekend I got the cheesesteak Stromboli and it was one of the best I've had. It was toasty on the outside and flavorful on the inside. My roommate got a gluten free americano with chicken on top... basically a chicken parm Pizza.. and couldn't put it down. Not to mention their wings are crunchy and flavorful. Definitely recommend ordering here during the quarantine!I went on the Sunday of Independence Day weekend maybe at 1:30 and had a plain slice and a soda that totalled $7. It was that much because they didn't have change; not a big deal to me, but for plenty of people, 50 cents lost here and there is an inconvenience. Either way, it's unprofessional. The pizza was not good: it tasted like it had been laying around for several hours. My advice: if you think it might be a very slow day, maybe make only personal-sized pies fresh as customers come in. I would much rather have waited that got a stale, dried-out slice. The employees were very nice, though.My favorite South Philly pizza place followed me to Fishtown! There's now great pizza on E Girard that you don't have to jump through hoops to get.
The crust is thin and just crispy enough to avoid flopping. You'll probably have to crack it if you're a slice folder though. A lot of their pies are light on toppings, well balanced but dangerously easy to eat without filling up.
The fried mozzarella is a steal, five large fried slabs of fresh mozzarella, each equal to two or three of the usual frozen appetizer. The cheesesteak stromboli was excellent, but disappointingly small for the price. I love the buffalo chicken pizza, and they have some interesting specialty and seasonal pies as well.
Their store setup is very similar to the South Philly location, just a couple tables and a counter at the back. If you buy a slice, it's a quarter of a pie. They don't take credit cards, but there's an ATM, and you can order takeout or delivery online.My Husband and I ate here Months ago and it was great, ordered delivery twice and it's been horrible. The food was over cooked, dry and nothing like it was at the place. When you spend 50 for pizza wings and fries you expect much better quality. Never ordering here againThis place is top notch. The BEST pizza in Philly hands down. The sausage and peppers pizza is amazing. The quality is consistent, it feels like eating the exact same pie you got the week before. Just all around great pizza. Highly recommendI ordered delivery - Lg BBQ chicken pizza and a chicken Cesar salad with xtra Parmesan and croutons and it was $15.50. When it was delivered, an extremely small salad was delivered, three drinks were missing and my order came to $50. I called and questioned if the right salad was received and I was greeted by an extremely rude employee that said there was nothing he could do and confirmed that the right salad was delivered and did not give one care that my drinks were missing. I am a repeat customer and I will never order from here again. Overcharging a salad, they lost a customer of over 8 years. Beyond disappointed. FYI - water picture was not delivered by them - just used for sizing purposes.Alright, so Slice may only accept cash, but I had $20 in my pocket and figured I'd finally try them out.
WTH took me so long? This may be the most affordable pizza place near me! I'm tired of paying $30 with delivery fees and tip for a large cheese pizza (Rustica, Trios, can you hear me?). Slice is within walking distance and my large Americano pizza with hot peppers on half cost me $15.50, $16 and some change after tax.
The Americano was a thin crust pizza with cheese on the bottom and dollops of sauce on top. I loved it! They didn't skimp on the cherry peppers either, as we ordered half with hot peppers. There were a ton of peppers on that half, which we appreciated.
When I have cash in my pocket I will definitely be back.I love love love Slice Pizza! And I order directly from the slicepa.com website (not doordash etc) because it takes me 3 seconds to order and there's always a coupon. I personally roll over the amount of the coupon into additional delivery tips because my pizza always comes so quick and hot!