Got a chicken caesar wrap and was very pleased! Fresh, quality chicken that actually tastes seasoned! Cooked to perfection, not too dried out like most places. Good amount of chicken and the whole thing is very flavorful over all! Employees were helpful and friendly, I will definitely be back.Food is top notch. The wraps are all great. Salmon is fresh. Chicken is fresh. Smoothies are good. Lean green will surprise you how good it is. Customer service is good. So sometimes they have messed up my order...but they always work to get it straight, so that's still 5 stars in my book.  I do my best to be specific, especially if it's a chicken caress wrap because they sometimes get mixed up with the chicken Caesar.  And they pay great attention to the gluten free crowd, too!
PS I think you should start selling shirts....Went in for dinner earlier this week. The place is brand new and very clean. Had a fresh squeezed juice, and a rice bowl. Both were delicious and you can tell they use quality ingredients.We went on opening day . I had the chicken capers sandwich which had some kind of balsamic vinegar on the bread it was so tasty we also had the avocado chicken panini that was just blasting with flavor. The staff was very welcoming and they even offered us free samples of there healthy smoothies. We will come back for sure.Good spot for lunch but my goodness the sound level is through the roof! I can barely hear myself think. They need to move the blenders down the street to an off site location. Get take out or wear ear plugs.My brother and I stopped in tonight to see what all the rave was about. Safe to say this place did not disappoint. I had heard about it from some friends and they all had nothing but positive things to say about this new healthy food & juice bar. I had the Chicken Teriyaki Bowl and it was delicious. I also had a side of Turkey Meatballs that were the best I've ever had. Overall the place gets 5 starts because the service was great, the establishment was clean and most important the food was excellent! Also, if you like Barbecue sauce they have some of the best I've ever tasted in my life!!!Love this place, routinely get awesome smoothies, bowls and salads from here. Heathy, good ingredients well made and tasty! Try the Harvest Bowl, Flu Buster Smoothie and Beef Stew over Rice and Broccoli. And the homemade oatmeal power balls are really really good, they taste like Reese's piecesStumbled upon this gem during a much needed lunch break from work. After looking over the menu of healthy options, I ordered the Chipotle Chicken. On the Guy Fiere scale, food is out-of-bounds. No more wandering around the city during lunch time for this guy, can't wait to start catering my clients will love it.$10 for a basic turkey wrap with one small piece of avocado on it and with no side?! I would rather go to sweetgreen and spend all my $$$.  Also it seemed very disorganized and the prices on the outside menu were lower than the actual price, they claimed they just changed the prices but for a new place, that is deceiving.  Will not be coming back here and I doubt it will last very long in the area where there are so many other lunch options.I like this place. I think the food is a little pricey but the juices are great. I love the glo juice. It tastes delicious. Plus the people are pretty nice.Stopped here to have dinner tonight and got the chicken chipotle and turkey meatballs with a lemonade and everything was absolutely delicious! The service was top notch and the food was even better! I will definitely be coming back and making this one of my new favorite dinner spots!Ahh taco salads done right. Grass fed beef, a little lettuce a little cheese. I slipped the black beans and tortilla strips but everything came out great! Just needed some sour cream... hmm...Killer food.  One of my favorite go-toys for healthy lunch.  Great prices too for what you get.Place is always clean and on the several occasions I visited, staff was friendly. I've only ever ordered a 'plate'  which includes meat and two side items. The portions are generous, albeit pricey, so I usually stretch it out for two meals.  I've eaten in the restaurant a few times (take out for others) and my only complaint is music can be too loud and the smoothie mixer is also very loud and distracting if you're having a conversation.dang. 
came here on my first morning in philly -- it was one of those times when all you want for breakfast is to indulge in clean eating with an açai bowl you know?
and i wasn't disappointed. ended up getting the tropical, which was SO good. OH AND the best part? the granola was gluten free and unlike some other places where the açai base can be a little watery, this was well done 
it was a bit of wait but quality can't be rushed (fyi it cost about $10ish for a bowl which makes sense i guess). the space is so well lit and modern -- definitely a great place to work on that next novel or what have you while noshing on some health food. 
suffice to say that mile long walk from my hotel near city hall paid off. i'm already thinking about that açai bowl writing this currently.
the only downside? if only i wasn't visiting from the west coast, i'm pretty sure i'd quickly become a regular.I have only gotten acai bowls here but they are great. They make them per order so it takes awhile but if you order online it is no problem. Giving five stars because it's the best acai bowl I have found in the area.I've only had the PB & Acai bowl, it's about 10 bucks and dang filling. A few times the frozen acai was not smoothly blended, so that's annoying but still tastes good. The bowl is topped with fresh bananas & natural peanut butter. It takes awhile to get your order, I mean considering they aren't cooking anything & it's too loud to have a conversation in there with all the high powered blenders echoing. Do yourself a solid & take your delicious snack to Rittenhouse Square & enjoy it outdoors whilst your feet are dangling from the wall.Tried Smart Street today for the first time and got a garden salad and added grilled chicken and avocado. Not the best salad, not the worst, but definitely overpriced. For paying $4 to add chicken I was surprised how little chicken was in the salad. I've had better for cheaper. The rest of the menu looks pretty good so I may come back and try something different like a smoothie or a bowl, but I'd go elsewhere for salads.This place has great food definitely a healthy choice but the service is lacking. I went there last night around 7 my order comes out incomplete and my girlfriend didn't receive her food for another 15minutes after. I never received dressing for my salad and the cashier was definitely under the influence. I've been in the Industry for about ten years now and it's disappointing to say I won't be going back to smart street kitchenTried this place for the first time and wasn't thrilled about the meal. I ordered the california chicken bowl. Simple...chicken, quinoa, avocado, and house made chipotle sauce. It really was a big bowl of quinoa with a few chunks of chicken and avocado. For over $12 I would expect more bang for the buck...the margin made on this dish must be incredibly high! 
In terms of taste...it was decent, but really just overloaded with quinoa. 
I am definitely going to go back and try some more menu items...it is clean inside and a great concept. They also have acai bowls....I would like to try those. I saw one being made and the size of the bowl is on the smaller side than other places in Philly...but it's all about taste so I am anxious to try it outSmart street is a hip healthy restaurant with vast array of options. It has a lot of things it's doing right , but also a lot of things going wrong. I've been here a few times and always get the same result. While the food is delicious the service is fairly slow, even my order has been something so simple as chips and guacamole I usually have to wait around 10-15 minutes with very few customers; so forewarning be prepared to wait.
The first item I tried from Smart Street was the Cajun wrap, which took them almost 25 minutes to make and for many of us that is an nearly an entire lunch, but I digress. The chicken was cooked well and incredibly well seasoned, it savory and also had nice kick to it. The sautéed peppers and onions added a nice little crunch. 5/5 
The second item I had was the turkey meatballs; while the meatballs where cooked well and had a nice springiness to them, that's really all I liked about them. The sauce was overly tart and the meatballs themselves really just lacked flavor. 1/5
The guacamole and chips was the last item I sampled. The chips were good, but don't appear to be house-made instead they are likely store bought. The guacamole itself is good and from what I can ascertain is house-made. 3/5 because they are the cheapest for guacamole and chips nearby.
If their service was faster I would try more of their food, but as someone who has only 30 minutes for lunch I can't see myself coming here too frequently.The girl who works here is SO FRIENDLY! they have so many options, I came in for smoothies and it was hard to leave with just that. Definitely will be here more often! It was so so so delicious. Thank you Smart Street!My go-to smoothie in the city! Best smoothie's and fresh pressed juices I've had in Center City. Reasonably priced and the mornings are never crowded which is great for me! The service has always been top notch. Everyone I have encountered has always been very nice and quick to make my drinks. 
You can see the vegetables and fruits they have behind the counter, everything always looks super fresh to me - and they taste even better! I'm awful and typically hate vegetables but their Lean Green smoothie has saved me. It's the only way I'll eat anything green. 
The restaurant/location itself is very clean. 
Convenient that they have a mobile order option as well for those of us who don't like to wait. I typically order on my way into work, hop in and pick up my smoothie!Yes. Yes. YES! My new favorite spot. I was sad to see the diner that used to be here was leaving but I'm totally fine with it now. Their smoothies are on point! The staff is super friendly and helpful.  I was indecisive about which smoothie to get,  one of the employees recommended the "Recoup"....now my favorite! ( add a scoop of peanut butter makes it even better ). I've had many different kinds, all very good. Never knew something so healthy could be so delicious! I also had one of their salads and  even tried their eggplant parm...I didn't have high hopes for the eggplant parm being that it's a smoothie place but it was delicious! I had one of their wraps before it was okay had to much aoli but that is just a personal preference the actual chicken itself was good. Also,  love that they're open until 9pm during the week being that I have to work late some nights, there are no places in the city where you can get a smoothie at 8pm. One other thing, give them your phone number they'll text you when they're having discounts that day! They often have decent specials buy one get one free, etc etc. It's a fairly new spot I reallyyyy hope they last! All in all go get one of their smoothies totally worth it! Okay don't with my rant! Enjoy! : )I like Smart Street a lot. The interior is clean and inviting, and there are a wide variety of options to choose from. You order at a counter, but they do have a decent number of tables if you want to sit down and eat your food there. 
I've tried acai bowls, smoothies, and the California bowl. Acai bowls are some of the best I've had and I really enjoy the smoothies as well. The California bowl was good, but too heavy on the quinoa (could have used more chicken/avocado). 
One negative is that every time I've been in here the service has been EXTREMELY slow. I'm talking 25 minutes from the time I ordered a single acai bowl at the counter to when it was finally handed to me. And this is when there was only one other customer in the restaurant. This can be easily solved by calling ahead and ordering, so just a heads up.Food is delicious and juices are healthy & refreshing. Staff was super friendly and service was quick.My favorite tuna melt in the city. Be sure to come by for that and the bowls! Also the owner isn't a sight for sore eyes either (;It was my first time using smart street kitchen for catering and I will now be using them all the time! My whole party loved it and kept saying the chicken parm is the best they've ever had! Thank you for being so easy and great to work with!!I had a green drink and it was awesome! My son had asked for a panini and it wasn't quite time for lunch but staff went out of their way to accommodate him!!! Above and beyond customer service. The only down side of this place is that there is an air conditioner, right above the door and every time the door opens it's incredibly loud...hard time talking. We came as a group and everyone enjoyed their food. I'd do it again in a minute.My FAVORITE health food spot in center city. Everything on the menu is sooo good. I LOVE their açaí bowls the most. They're jam packed with goodness and the portion is amazing for the price(in my opinion). The staff is really friendly and always remembers me (in person and on the phone that should tell you how much I order from them ). It's a one stop shop if you're looking for something quick, healthy and tasty. It's hard to say what to order because everything is so good!I go here almost every day for lunch and I've never had a bad experience. The food is consistently fresh and delicious. The Kale Salad with Blackened Chicken is probably my favorite salad in Philly. Added bonus: the owners and staff are all extremely nice and the customer service is great. Definitely recommend!!This place is delicious! It's so great to have quick healthy options in the city. I had the grilled veggie panini yum! and the Farmhouse juice over ice. Delicious, I will be back today!My office moved from 17th and Arch to 19th and Market. I used to frequent Animo because it was v close and moving away from that location saddened me, because I didn't know if I would have a place to grab a delish smoothie or wheatgrass shot nearby. Alas, I then found Smart Street! The proximity is just as close to my new office and the menu selection is WAY better.
I went in with every intention of getting a Chicken Caesar wrap, but their special for the day was a buffalo chicken wrap and I could not resist.  You could tell it was clean eating and I was satisfied as hell. Their menu was also so diverse - I was shook to see burgers, wraps, salads, acai bowls, smoothies, etc.  
The aesthetic is DOPE with ample seating to dine in, even though I usually just grab and go. 
The one downfall is that it is definitely pricey.  My wrap was $10 - which is definitely higher than the $6-$7 wraps nearby that come with chips or a side...(no side at Smart Street).
I will definitely be back when I feel like treating myself. I was so happy to find this spot and I'm excited to try more items off the menu!!!Let me set the scene for you, I walk in to Smart Street and there isn't a soul in the place. I figured I would grab a quick sandwich to go, and sit in the park before going to work. Now, I have worked in the service industry for over 15 years, I know a thing or two about running both fine dining and small fast casual restaurants. So the fact that no one was in the main space to even welcome or get my order going was suspect. After a short wait somebody came out from the back, and proceeded to take my order. I ordered a chicken caprese sandwich and made the simple request to swap out the peppers for tomato. The cashier assured me that this was not a problem and then proceeded to ask if I wanted the sandwich in a wrap or on Ciabatta. I asked for a wrap, and the cashier took my name and told me it would be just a few minutes. Afterwards, a few more people came into the restaurant but not enough to be busy. I then proceeded to wait for about 15-20 minutes for my order. After this time, a CUSTOMER grabs my attention letting me know that someone at the counter needed me. I approach the counter to a different gentleman than before, asking me what I ordered. After telling him, he proceeds to hand me a tray with the sandwich on it. I told him I asked for it to be take-out and he hastily puts it into a bag with no utensils or napkins and hands me the sandwich. None of this was ever extremely off putting. However, after leaving the establishment and getting to the park, I unwrap my sandwich to find not only is it on ciabatta, but it also has been LOADED with the peppers and there isn't a sign of tomato anywhere! It was also covered with their balsamic dressing. Needless to say I was disappointed. The sandwich overall wasn't terrible once I doctored it up, and the space and cashiers were hospitable for the most part. But, when I'm paying $10 for a sandwich, I shouldn't have to "doctor" it....especially something as easy as a chicken caprese. My takeaway for the team at Smart Street is this:
1) accuracy of orders is even more important when it's as slow as what it was on this day.
2)why take a name for the order if you aren't going to use it?
3)it's not the best first impression to walk into a store and not see a single person (employee or customer). I wasn't even sure you were open.
End of story, you could definitely tell the food was quality and that they care about their mission of healthy eating. The place was spotlessly clean as well. Was the wait a little long for a simple sandwich? Yes. Maybe I just hit them on an "off" day. Either way, I'll probably give it another shot, I'll just have to check my order before I leave, firstLooking for a simple, delicious, fresh food experience? This is it. I had the Hibachi Bowl and a fresh juice; both tasted great. All the employees were really nice. Clean. Good atmosphere.This is a great option if you're trying to eat healthy but don't have the time (or simply don't want to) cook a meal at home - my husband and I enjoyed the fiesta bowl, chicken parm, and guacamole with chips. All food was ready for pickup within 15 minutes. The customer service was superior!I try to eat healthy most of the time so the name was very attractive. For my first time at the restaurant, the staff was nice enough to suggest food items according to my hunger level. There are so many choices from bowls to wraps to paninis and much more. The restaurant and bathroom is clean and afternyou order they bring you your order at whichever table you choose. The hibachi bowl I ordered was pretty good and filled me up. Chicken and broccoli was cooked to perfection. I think the prices are a bit high but I believe it's a result of the all the healthy, fresh meat and veggies they use for their meals. You get what you pay for! Lots of meat and healthy ingredients!Excellent selection of smoothies, juices and food for those looking for the healthy options. Also a nice place to meet for lunch and hang out and do work. Really friendly staff! Happy to have in the neighborhood!Great place for an acai bowl! I got the bumble green, which had coconut water, Maca powder, and kale. It was decently good! I especially liked that they included an ample amount of banana (I watched them make the bowl, and they used more than a whole large banana) and bee pollen. This made the bowl not too overly sweet but had more of an "earthy" tone, which I quite liked. The space is quite nice and had a bit of a cafe feel - it wouldn't be a bad place to pull out your laptop and get some work done! I took off star because I found it to be slightly overpriced, especially since I would have liked a wider variety of toppings (coconut flakes, berries of sorts, etc). All in all, a great antioxidant-filled brunch though!I'm unsure if its just general incompetence, but after waiting 2.5hrs for our takeout order, our food showed up looking like it was half eaten.  At the very least, avoid their delivery service like the plague.I love all of the healthy options here! My go to place when I don't pack my lunch. 
I have honestly loved everything I've tried - the california bowl, chipotle chicken panini, all of the acai bowls... everything!
I recommend ordering online so that you can come in and pick it up right away. I also recommend signing up for their rewards if you're a regular because they send deals almost weekly.Good fresh ingredients, I got an acai bowl. Staff was very polite. Give yourself some time as not the fastest service.Very very good service and really really good juice.  One of the few juice places I've been to in the entire city of philadelphia that actually CUSTOM makes their juices, lets you choose whatever you want to put in, without pre made ahead bottles.  
AND!  The prices are great.  I will definitely be back and I really enjoyed talking to the owner/manager as well as the young lady who made my juice.  Super friendly and went out of her way in what can't be any easy job with tough Rittenhouse people.
I will definitely return and try their other items, salads, sandwiches, etc.  Menu looks good and simple and healthy.This place is the greatest thing that ever happened to this city. Owner Joey is 10/10. Ladder 15 every dayI tried the spicy Turkey panini. And though I didn't taste the "spicy " it was a really, really good sandwich. I only wish they were open Saturdays and Sundays when I'm in the area working so I could try out their other sandwiches. Definitely a good place to try if you'd like a healthy meal. And it was very satisfying.Great service and the food is both healthy and delicious. Açaí bowls are the best in the city and the entire menu is great. The peanut butter protein balls are great for after a workout as well as their fresh juices and protein smoothies!! Highly recommend for anyone who works in the city's and loves eating healthy or those who wants healthy food that actually tastes amazing!!Food is always good, which is why I keep coming back but have eaten here 5+ times and it always takes at least 30 minutes for what is essentially a salad. Not a great lunch spot because it eats into the hour big time.Don't go here if you want an acai bowl because they use sweetened acai! I don't need processed sugar in something that is supposed to be healthy!!! Every acai bowl place in LA uses unsweetened. East coast, get with it!5 stars for their smoothies! The price is right and they're huge. No filler and no sugar added. They taste very fresh and they have a bunch of different add ins that you can choose. They use the ritual app so you could order ahead of time if you're in a rush. Note there's usually only one person working in the morning so I'd suggest using the app in case there are others there as it can take a little time to get your smoothie made.The Harvest bowl is delicious and super filling! It lasts me at least two meals. Also this place has incredible customer service! I ordered carry out and realized when I got home that the chickpeas were missing from my bowl so they brought a whole new bowl to my apartment (delivered!!!) within 15 minutes! What a great new placeWould not recommend ordering an acai bowl here - small portion, missing toppings, and overpriced. Feels like highway robbery - if you want a great smoothie bowl at a better price, try Animo.I can only attest to their fresh juices, and they are simply amazing. They press the juices right in front of you, using whole, fresh vegetables and fruits. The service was genuine and relaxed. I can't believe it was so empty, a spot like this should have a line out the door! It's cheaper than Sip n' Glo, and so much fresher! You can customize any of the beverages to maximize nutrients and flavor. My favorite thus far is The Good Greens with ginger added! Whether you're a health nut or just like your drinks to taste damn delicious, you must check out this spot!Been looking for a consistent lunch spot since I started my new job in the area. I think I found it. Great atmosphere, friendly service, and the food was on point. Don't go here without trying the sweet potatoes!I regularly come here. Consistenty excellent service and great food. The menu is truly unique. I can always find a healthy food option whether I'm looking for a quick snack or entire meal.Best açaí bowl in the city. Also have a really broad menu which I wasn't expecting. Chicken chipotle panini is amazing !!Great addition to Center City! A group of us came here for lunch and I was honestly impressed. They deserve 5/5 stars for not only the food, but the friendly staff as well.
THE FOOD: Extremely healthy and a ton of salad, bowl, burger and smoothie options. I wasn't really in the mood for a big lunch, so I ended up getting an Iron Man smoothie. While it was not advertised, they also offer Hemp and Rice protein for anyone who is vegan or avoiding dairy altogether.  The smoothie was delicious and filling, while it definitely tasted healthy, it had the perfect balance and substance and fruity flavor. I also opted for a side of sweet potato so I wouldn't be hungry later. 
My friends all got salads and bowls- ranging from the taco salad, to the kale and quinoa which was delicious. Unfortunately, they forgot the Taco meat for the taco salad, which brings me to my second thumbs ups, the staff.
After hearing of the incident, someone came over, apologized for the mistake very lightheartedly and gave us two options to correct the error. It's so rare you see a restaurant, especially in center city truly cater to their guests which will definitely keep me coming back. From the cashier, to the cooks - everyone was upbeat and high-energy that so many other places are lacking.Juice was fine for not being what was ordered. I ordered a Kick-off smoothie and received a Detox juice. When I said that wasn't what I ordered I was told it was, rudely. I know it was not what I said.. I literally said smoothie after Kick-off... why would I say smoothie if it was a juice. If she was unclear, she should have clarified at that point.  My friend was also confused as why I received a juice when she smoothie. They were not busy and it was not loud. Will not be going back based on the rudeness of one employee. I have never been anywhere that argues with a customer. I was going to just take the juice anyway, but have some common courtesy and accept your mistake.This place is nothing short of amazing.  Amazing food, service, variety. And healthy healthy healthy. Super clean, fast and overall a blessing to have eaten there. 
Don't miss out on eating/drinking here!Purchased two of their plates. Both of which had zero taste and no seasoning. Would not go back.It's a new healthy eatery at Rittenhouse square area. I saw it being featured at 6 ABC.
Very clean looking spot with some seatings at the back. You can see fresh fruits and veggies on the wall.
Very friendly service. The meal is made to order on weekends.
Harvest bowl: I substituted kale with romaine. It has perfect combination of greens with quinoa, sweet potato and chickpeas with hummus on top. Very healthy and delicious. Mine is to go on an environmentally friendly container.
Hummus with baby carrots, cucumber, and whole grain pita. The hummus is good but the pita is hard. That's why I took a star down.
I recommend to call to order because I had to wait a while.
Definitely come back.If you're looking for a healthy quick bite or a delicious juice/ smoothie, look no further than Smart Street. I was lucky enough to be invited in for a tasting and was very glad to finally try this place out. 
The food- I had the chipotle chicken wrap which was delicious. The chicken was grilled well, and he wrap had mozzarella, fresh guacamole, and creamy chipotle sauce. It was decadent yet didn't leave me feeling bad. I also had the Summer Lovin juice- which has watermelon pineapple green apple and ginger. Truly I never like juices like that, but oh my gosh It was so good I've been thinking about it since. 
The space- modern, clean, with plenty of seating. Well decorated, not over the top, and is true to the brand which is all about freshness and healthy eats. 
The service- too notch. Was lucky enough to meet Joey, one of the owners, who made sure to take care of us. The other staff were very helpful and friendly as well. 
Overall, definitely worth a stop in for a healthy, delicious, nutrient-packed meal!So disappointed with this experience! Came here with a friend after a long bike ride. The cashier was initially nice but there was a new person also working the counter that was super strange and dismissive. I ordered the lean green which is basically a green smoothie. Upon tasting it the smoothie had the most unusual after taste. I tried to drink through it but just kept thinking it tastes funky as hell! I thought maybe they hadn't adequately rinsed the blender or something and that I was tasting soap. I went up to the counter and told the guy that it was weird tasting and he simply looked at me and said "I don't know". I stood there awkwardly kind of shocked and then went back to my seat. Took another sip. Gagged. Threw it out. I wanted to like this place to much, too! I love me some açaí bowls and this place has them. Sadly, I won't be coming back. I'd say go ahead and give them a shot but if management is reading this they should work on training their employees better.
:Edit: I couldn't live with myself for not being taken a bit more seriously (for a legit complaint) by the staff. I asked another individual behind the counter and he was willing to try the drink. He tasted it and agreed that there was some left over vitamin C in the drink. He said they don't rinse with soap. He was kind and offered to remake the drink. For that I bump up from 2 to 3 stars. Hard to come back from the first interaction with employee #1.I was a little torn about giving 3 stars.  It was my first time here and i was excited to get a refreshing juice and wheat grass on a hot day.  First, there's no AC so I would probably take out on warm days.  The gentleman behind the counter was hustlin and was very nice.  I ordered a SMALL Hulk juice and 2 shots of wheat grass.  The total came to $17.75!! With tip it was $20.  A small juice and 2 shots of wheat grass should not be that much $. The juice was refreshing but not worth the $.A lot of my co-workers purchase food from Smart Street and I wanted to eat something on the healthy side for Dinner before heading to the Flyers game, so I decided to pick something up here. I was thrilled that I was able to order online; I was able to put in my order around 10:30 AM during my Break and I could set the time to pick it up for 5:30 PM. My fiance picked the Chicken Caesar wrap and I chose the BBQ Chicken Sandwich.
The one thing that was a bit of a bummer was that on Smart Street's website, it mentions you can choose a side with your meal. I wanted to get the sauteed broccoli. However, when you order online, it does not allow you to choose a side. 
Picking up the food was super convenient. There is a shelf as soon as you walk in where you can pick up your food and go. I didn't notice it when I first walked in though, so the employee very politely pointed to the shelf and said that my order should be over there. 
My fiance liked his wrap, he wished that it had a little more dressing though, but he stated that the ratio of lettuce to chicken was superb. Not overfilled with lettuce, and the right amount of chicken. As for my BBQ chicken sandwich, I really liked it. The BBQ sauce was delicious as well. The grilled chicken itself was good, it just tasted slightly dry at times because of the fact that there wasn't as much BBQ sauce as I would typically get on a sandwich. But then again, this is a healthy place, so I understand why they limit the dressings/condiments. 
All in all, I'm very satisfied with this place. I can't wait to try the smoothies here next!Just had some smart, healthy, and yum yum food at Smart Street Healthy Kitchen today. 
At a glance of their menu, they have everything from soup& salad to wraps, paninis, and burgers, as well as smoothies, squeezed juices, and acai bowls! 
Food we had: (1) Rittenhouse panini (grilled chicken, spinach, feda cheese, walnuts and raspberry vinaigrette 2) Turkey B.L. T. Panini 3) Chicken Caprese panini (with roasted pepper and fresh basil in it!) 4) Buffalo panini (one of today's specials!) 5) Chicken chipotle wrap (with guacamole and mozzarella cheese!). Everything taste deliiiiish. Our only complaint about the food is that their paninis bread could be a little thinner. Otherwise the ingredients were fresh, flavor was on point, and they were not stingy about the amount of the meat. We all got our food pretty quickly too.  
Atmosphere was casual and hip. Very friendly services. 
Things they could improve on: (1) The line for the ordering wasn't clearly marked, thus there were a bit chaos as people did not know where to stand/ to start. (2) their smoothie machine was reaaaaallllly loud! When it was on, it sounded like there was some construction work in the house. We sat closely at a table at the far end of the restaurant, but when the machine was on, we could not hear what each other was talking...