I go here when Erawan is closed. There I said it. I'm sure a lot of people do the same thing. The food is fresh and tasty enough, just not nearly as flavorful. The last time I ordered a veggie dumpling for my appetizer it actually had some weird kind of meat in it that even my cat refused. But for $8 overall it's a decent enough lunch.The glowing reviews of Smile Cafe on this site prove not only how pathetic and useless Yelp is but also how low-rent and uninformed the reviewers are. Yes, I know the irony of making this statement through a Yelp review. I'm a walking conundrum.
Anyway, the food was disgusting. When I say disgusting, I don't mean it was kind of ok, or under-seasoned. I mean it was gross. My one friend spit the chicken from his pad  thai out into his napkin because it tasted sour. No, this was not some kind of ancient Thai recipe for sour chicken. It was just old ass chicken that was starting to spoil. My chicken coconut soup was even worse. Same sour ass chicken, but this time floating in a pathetic excuse for coconut soup that was watered down and starting to separate. 
I seriously thought about calling food inspectors. I still might. I gag when I think about it.
No love. Negative stars. Hate. Loath.Went here for lunch. Small place with very closely spaced tables. If you want to eat here, probably go little earlier or later than the usual lunch time of around 12.30 pm. People are friendly.
Menu is like a 40-50 year old book and gives the feeling that pages might wear off by your shear touch. Quite a few choices on menu which is good.
I had the spicy fried rice with chicken. The portion is good. DONT look inside the kitchen even if u get sneak peek, you might barf or leave the place altogether. 
Word of Caution : Don't get the chicken, it stinks when u eat it. Get tofu or down other meat. 
Don't get the spring rolls, they are frozen and deep fried just before bringing out to you. I saw them getting those out from freezer and makes u feel bad for literally drinking oil.I get food here far too often for my own good! It's great to eat in - Byob - or take out. I adore the curry dishes and they come with tons of veggies in addition to your meat choice. Cozy spot, delicious food, and good value.Would not return. The service was poor and they were apparently having a party upstairs which had wait staff not attending to the restaurant. The oil in the noodles made me ill and my date had taste less seafood dish with clumpy noodles.I ordered "Duck Half House Special" to deliver, in the menu is written "Roasted boneless served with tamarind sauce.", when I read "boneless" I expected that the duck without any bone however it came with two bones and some joints and I paid $16.95 for the plate!! You can get pretty similar duck in the Chinatown for less than $ 7.I ordered different dishes and asked for modifications to suit dietary restrictions. While I appreciate their willingness to adapt them, the dishes were bland and tasted identical (they were supposed to be different). I am used to Thai food and know these dishes can be made for special dietary needs and still be tasty -- all Thai places I've been to before have been able to do it. Alas, not this one. I don't think I will return. I appreciate their customer service, though.I've been to Smile once for lunch and last night for dinner. It's a cute little Thai place, and my boyfriend eats here at least once a week.
My lunch experience was definitely better, probably because of what I ordered for dinner.
We split a few appetizers, Spring Rolls and Ka-Nom-Jeeb: crabmeat & shrimp steamed in thai pastry with sweet soy sauce, which were both average, but no complaints. Then I got the Nam Sod: ground chicken, ginger, cashew nut, scallion with spicy lime dressing, which was disappointing. Promising flavors, but poor execution. My boyfriend had their coconut soup, which he loves, and the Pad Thai. The Pad Thai would definitely have been good if it wasn't mouth numbingly spicy (for me).
They have a lunch special which is great. Choice Of Two: Soup Of The Day, Spring Roll, Salad, Steamed Dumplings, and an entree.There are a lot of cozy little Thai places in this area, but I think Smile Cafe stands out.  I've done both delivery and eat in and I think the food is better when you eat it there.  I split a panang curry and duck pad thai with a friend.  The duck pad thai was SO WORTH the extra cost.  The pad thai was perfect and the duck was really crispy and tasty.  The Panang curry was very flavorful and packed quite a punch in heat.
The location is hard to beat, a good place to unwind after a day of walking around Center City.Pretty good Thai food and good price! I like it cause it's spicy  but it's not the most authentic Thai food I ever had.Smile is the best Thai food I've had in Philly. We had a feast (we came hungry) for about $40.
We went on a Friday night and called for a reservation. While we were there, a few people were turned away because there was no seating available. Just one tip - try to sit away from the front door, because there was a lot of traffic in and out.
We started out with Thai iced tea - always a favorite. For appetizers, we had chicken satay (delicious), spring rolls (same), the "wonderful crispy" (boring), and the coconut soup (tasty). I had the Paneng curry (excellent) and my girlfriend had the Pad Thai (very good). Portions were generous - we both had substantial doggy bags - and service was good.  There was a big group of annoying people next to us (the seating area is very small), but that didn't ruin our experience.
All in all, very good experience, good service. Will be returning for sure!!
Update: came back for a double date for the excellently priced lunch special (2 appetizers and an entree for $7.95 I believe). The basil chicken was a little uninspired, and the BBQ chicken was very bland. However, the pad thai and curries are excellent, so I'm keeping my 4 stars.Great Thai food and good amount of vegetarian options. The spring rolls, and make your own entree w/basil sauce is the best! The white chocolate creme brulee we had was a bit burnt so not a sweet ending to a nice meal.
The service upstairs is slower than if you are seated downstairs, but overall the staff is attentive when they are in the area. They are very accommodating for large parties if you make reservations ahead of time.This place is great. The costumer service is wonderful and the food is amazing. We had to wait for a long time to get our food is my only complaint but the atmosphere and food when it arrived were great. You should definitely try it. It's a BYOB so make sure to bring your favorite bottle of wine. Also, if you are a vegetarian, they will make any meal vegetarian for you which is amazing!Good Thai food, nearby enough that it's great to have this option within just a few blocks. Nothing mind-blowing, but really hits the spot.Awesome, hole in the wall thai place. Went there for lunch with some co workers and everyone's food was amazing. Great lunch place.On my most recent visit...
I had the shrimp Tom Yum soup.  It was incredible, per usual.  My main course was pad see ew....delish:)I had a order to go of fried salmon salad and a half of roasted duck in tamarind sauce with a side of sticky rice. The salad was just ok. The sticky rice was not the  original one and a very small portion.  The duck was good, a little bit dry but still tasty. The place restaurant seem very cosy and the staff very friendly. I will recommend this place.It was pretty good your standard thai place. 
I got duck but I wish I would've gotten something spicy.
The staff was really nice. 
The restaurant is really cute but kind of small$10 lunch specials, 1 entree with 2 appetizers. Good food, friendly staff. Limited seating.The spicy noodle was good, the chicken though was dry and bland. They are good BYOB and have a secret upstairs room that's good for large crowds - they were able to squeeze in 15 of us in there.Came here for an excellent BYO dinner with friends and this place was pretty great. We shared four entrees family style (more than enough for six adults). I really liked the pad thai, the seafood spicy noodle, and the "wonderful crispy". Cheap, good service, and really cute inside. I'll be back soon!Holy cow. This is the best Thai food I have ever eaten in the U.S. It felt awkward entering for the first time because it was so quaint, but the other patrons were a table of hilarious old folks who all wanted to try the mock meat dishes. The food tastes homecooked and always comes out hot (temperature wise, or spicy too if that's what you like) and absurdly delicious.  My fiance and I couldn't seem to find many Thai restaurants when we lived in Philly, but this was an oasis. It kind of leaves you in a daze. Oh my goodness, I wish I could go now!The red curry with chicken will make you smile.  The dish itself is a bit soupy, which makes it perfect to have with rice.  It is The seating is a bit cramped but the service is fantastic and extremely fast.  Lunch specials are very inexpensive and pretty generously portioned.  I still like Thai Orchid's red curry the best but this place definitely gives my beloved standby a run for its money.I love Thai food but this one kill the reputation of Thai food... Never going back again!I have been to this place for lunch. I strongly recommend you to try this place because the lunch deal is great and delicious! You can get choose two appetizer and a main course for only $8+. You also have the option to choose the protein like shrimp, chicken, beef or pork.  The portion isn't huge so you won't be having a heavy lunch. However the restaurant is rather small, they can accommodate about 20-30 people max. If you are coming with a group for lunch, you might need to wait. (I'm not sure if they do reservation) You can do take out! 
I tried the soup, spring roll and dumplings. I would recommend the soup and spring roll. The dumpling is on the sweeter side for me and the skin is thicker too. 
As for the main course, I have tried several of the dishes like Pad Thai, spicy noodle, spicy fried rice, tilapia special and Thai spaghetti. I love all of them, though Thai Spaghetti isn't my preference. It's covered with peanut sauce and I didn't really like the combo with the steamed rice noodle. 
Also I LOVE their Thai iced tea. It's not overwhelmingly sweet. It balances out just nice. Try this if you are looking for a drink! 
Overall, love this place! 4 stars because I haven't try their dinner menu, so leaving room for that.Philly is an absolute heaven for BYOB lovers. I wanted to find some spots in Center City where I can wine for free and dine for cheap before dancing away with my friends. Smile Cafe fit the bill perfectly.
What's not to like about this place? It's inexpensive, no frills, and a brief walk away from the nearest SEPTA station. When they see you with your jumbo wine bottles, they know what's up and bring out wine glasses and a corkscrew. It has SOLID Thai food and the portions are generous, so that your empty stomach will be history by the time you're done. Definitely a go-to place for a group of broke students going out in CC.I've eaten at Smile Cafe more than a dozen times. The food is consistently tasty, fresh and satisfying. One order of cabbage salad at $4.00 is a great first course to share. The dressing is tangy and authentic, not Americanized. Main courses are modestly priced, offering a wide selection of seafood, meat and vegetarian choices. Service is fast and friendly. The other diners always look happy--  mostly romantic couples or small gatherings of friends. WiFi is free. The restaurant is also an art gallery, displaying modern oil paintings that are changed often. We root for this kind of restaurant because it makes our city unique, diluting the saturation of chain restaurants in Philly.I've been coming to smile almost once a week since I moved to Philadelphia over one year ago. In the opinion of my significant other, our friends, and I it is the best Thai food in Philly. The curry dishes are phenomenal. Cheap and service is great! Highly recommend!I've been here a number of times and will continue to come back, although sparingly. The food is great and the prices are very reasonable but certain things just don't add up for me.
They have a lot of great things on the menu and a pretty good selection of stuff for vegetarians also. I'm a big fan of their spicy green curry, but that's about it. The pad thai is also decent, everything else is somewhat forgettable or just not something I usually order. I've experimented with the appetizers and haven't been really impressed by any of them, although they aren't bad, just somewhat simplistic. 
The place is really small and you can end up sitting super close to part of the kitchen/take away/delivery stand. It's all crammed near the back. All together I think they have maybe 15 seats here. 
The service is friendly, that's for sure, but the workers get confused easily. As an example I'll take one of the times that I ordered the green curry, which always comes with rice which I always combine with my green curry to eat. The rice comes as a big half-dome scoop, wihch is fairly usual at these kinds of places. What I didn't like was that the plate it was served on was just as big as the bottom of the scoop itself. Where was I supposed to put the curry? The curry comes in a huge bowl, so it's not like I was just going to throw the rice in there. I asked for an extra plate. They brought me one the same size as the rice plate. Err, not what I was looking for. I wanted something big enough to combine the two dishes and eat them together. Took me a few tries before they figured out what I wanted and brought me it. I'm thankful that they got it in the end, just not sure why it took so much back and forth to accomplish.
The same confusion has occurred on other occasions, eg trying to split the bill.
Anyway, that stuff aside, the Thai food here is good and that's usually the only thing I'm looking for when I come here. I'll be back sometime in the near future. I suggest everyone try it at least once.I placed an order for delivery for the first time, and there was PUBIC HAIR in the rice!!!  DISGUSTING!!!Decent BYO close to home.  The servers are extremely attentive and sweet and the serving sizes are quite large.  The pad thai was a little bit dry but flavorful.  My bf got the tom yum soup to try to warm up but it was just ok.  Not too flavorful and nothing impressive for $4 or $5.  The radna was ok.  I may be back but then again, there is also Erawan and Thai Chef Noodle...The food and service were both excellent. We had the salmon house special entree, yum woon sen (cold vermicelli salad with shrimp and onions), and BBQ squid. The salmon was a HUGE boneless fillet (tender, moist, and flaky) bathing in a light penang sauce (highly recommended). The BBQ squid was a nice appetizer -- not chewy or overcooked! The yum woon sen was a refreshing and tart salad full of elevated flavor from the fish sauce and lime juice, it had the right amount of seasoning -- I've had others that were just too sour because of the lime dressing. For the location and price (almost all of the entrees were under $16), the exceptional service and yummy food was a steal! A definite go-to place for a nice dinner date. There were only two sets of patrons there when we went during dinner time on a Tuesday.Pretty good pad Thai and pineapple fried rice, quick service, and a nice atmosphere. It's a pretty small place but I went in around 5:30 on a Friday and no one else was there.My brother's been nagging me to join Yelp for two years, but dinner at Smile Cafe tonight is what finally convinced me. It's small (seats maybe 30) and cozy, but despite being seated less than arm's length from other tables we had a quiet, good-for-conversation dinner. The intimate space must somehow encourage moderation in people's voices.
Lighting & decor are great - I didn't make it upstairs to check out the gallery, but that's on my to-do list for next time! The food, though, is what really made the night. We had grilled octopus for an appetizer, which is what kept this from being 5 stars. It was okay, but maybe I'm not a big grilled octopus fan - I probably prefer it fried. The peanut sauce it came with was yummy, sweet & spicy, and the server brought lemon slices at my request.
For dinner we had the salmon "encrusted everything with panang sauce." Oh, yum. So yum. I would say it's the best Thai dish I've ever had, except I tasted my date's dinner, and that won. It was a "choose your combo" dish: veggies, mock duck, and mussaman curry sauce. Never had mock duck before, and I think I like it better than real duck. It was more tender than duck, had plenty of flavor, and looked good! Both dishes were of generous enough portions that we took leftovers home for dinner tomorrow and were too full to try dessert. 
Great food, good service, but small. If you have your heart set on it, you might want to make a reservation. Oh, and bring your favorite beer or wine - it's BYOB and they'll supply ice buckets for chilling your wine.You seriously can't beat their lunch specials! They are anywhere from $7-9 and includes 2 apps! It's a very quaint little place, not a lot of tables, so I imagine they have a decent wait during peak times. We went around 11:45 on a Friday for lunch and got there right before the lunch rush. It was almost completely empty upon arriving and within minutes every table was full. Service was attentive and quick.
I ordered chicken lemongrass soup and a spring roll as my apps. They were both amazing. Lemongrass soup was super flavorful and a perfect portion. The spring roll and sauce accompanying were wonderful as well. Chicken Pad thai was my main dish and it did not disappoint. One of the better Pad Thai's I've had. They allow you to pick a spice level between 1-5 - I chose 3 as someone who enjoys spice, but doesn't love it to overpower my dish. It was the perfect temperature for me. Honestly, I can't imagine what a 5 tastes like since this had a good kick to it.  My coworker ordered the Mock Duck and I tried a bite - very good, but I have nothing to compare it to since I've never had Mock Dock before. She was also very satisfied with her meal. She has also been before and has always been happy.
Definitely recommend trying this out whether you're a thai food fanatic or a newby to the cousine.got delivery from here through grubhub one night when i felt like trying a new spot. the food arrived 40 minutes later nice and hot. i asked the dish be spicy and it was not what i would consider 4 out of 5. i will give it another shot.Great ambience and delicious food. You can't go wrong with either the red or green curry. Also, the place is BYOB.This is by far my favorite Thai place in my neighborhood.  I've eaten there numerous times and have always been satisfied.  The prices are reasonable and the portions are fair.  I also love that it's a byob.I went to Smile Cafe a few weeks back with friends (and had been CRAVING Thai food for weeks).  And they did not disappoint!  I ordered the "Create Your Own" with chicken, rice and yellow curry sauce.  The service was quick and all of our dishes were delicious.
Great serving sizes (had enough for some leftovers) and beautiful presentation. I could definitely tell that the ingredients were fresh!  Chill atmosphere with plenty of room for any size group (we had approx. 9 people, but there were others around the restaurant with 2-4 diners).  In my opinion, the prices were fair (since you get so much food!).
All-in-all, I had a great dining experience and can't wait to go back!I ordered take-out for lunch because my favorite go-to Thai place was closed.  I was super hungry and all I was craving was noodles...my expectations were not that high.  Yet still the food managed to disappoint.  
The drunken noodles seemed a bit dry to be "drunken".  There wasn't any sauce to be seen or tasted, except the occasional pocket of oil.  The noodles were mushy and stuck together in one giant lump, more like potatoes au gratin.  They were lukewarm, so I started eating without worrying about it being too hot, except suddenly I found myself scrambling for water because I hit a hot spot so hot it burned the top of my mouth.  What this tells me is that this was sitting around and microwaved when I ordered.  On top of that, the steamed dumpling was doughy and tasteless, despite that it was floating in sauce and had some sort of filling (pork??).  I have never in my life thrown away a steamed dumpling, but today was a first.
I don't see any point in going back.  This was hands-down the worst Thai food I've had.As far as Thai food goes in Philly... Smile Cafe has to be a go to. I've enjoyed their food twice, the first time was a delivery which arrived promptly and tasted delicious. 
The second time we decided to eat in the restaurant bringing our own drink.
The restaurant is clearly a converted house, which makes for a nice petite cosy feel.
Between us we ordered a Salmon Panang Curry and Spicy Seafood Noodles. The food came out promptly and tasted wonderful. My only problem with the delicious food was that it was delivered with "fancy Thai restaurant syndrome".. you know... where it is comes out all very pretty but on a flat plate that doesn't hold enough sauce. It was back in spring 2010 when I last was able to visit and so I am hoping they have remedied this since. I do however suggest giving Smile Cafe a shot. The food is good, the staff are nice and there are few better places to satisfy a Thai craving.service was 5 stars, no doubt. although small, the restaurant became quite busy. and, as anyone with a waitressing background can attest, it's not the size of the restaurant but the quality of the customers. i digress.
the food (i had pad thai with no meat, extra tofu and the tofu soup appetizer, and the gf had panang curry with the squid appetizer), was really uneventful, unimaginative.
boring pad thai coupled with an equally boring tofu soup, was not what i was expecting after reading so many wonderful reviews. however, my gf's curry was exactly what i read: runny, not very much flavor. she really enjoyed the squid app, however. oh! i should mention that the dipping "sauce" which accompanied the calamari was quite good, esp. because it flavored my tofu soup. 
2nd oh! the veggies were really fresh in both our dishes. 
price was consistent with other thai places, $10-15 entrees and the like.
all in all i wouldn't go back, but it was a good experience no less (decor, atmosphere, excellent service)Eh. 
Eh.
I got pick-up yesterday from Smile.  I ordered a house salad, seafood lemongrass soup, and pad sew ewe with tofu and shrimp.  The salad was delicious, and I enjoyed the peanut dressing.  The seafood lemongrass soup had shrimp, scallops, and calamari and was also very good.  However, the pad sew ew was simply lacking in flavor.  There was no basil or red pepper in it at all - I needed to douse it in Serrocha hot sauce.  Next time when I go, I will request they make it extra spicy.  If you are like me and you like your Thai food to be flavorful, I would suggest doing the same.
The restaurant is small and cozy, and although I did not eat in, it looked like a nice intimate place.  I also want to check out their art.I can't believe how many times I've walked by here without stopping.  I think I need to have my head examined, especially considering how much better it is than much of the Thai in the city. 
I  had the Pad Thai, which, with the exception of needing a bit more acid (lime), was quite good and reasonably priced -- especially since it had shrimp, chicken and tofu.  My friend strayed from her usual Pad Thai to try the Broken Sea -- in part because of its name -- and wasn't disappointed.  It was a beautiful presentation and she was pleased with the seasoning (flavorful with a little kick, but not overly spicy) and with the quality of the seafood and vegetables.  The service was pleasant and prompt to boot.Everyone tells me that Smile Cafe is the best Thai restaurant in Philadelphia. I am not sure I believe that. I came here for lunch a few days ago and I wasn't impressed. The service is stellar and quick, but the food just doesn't inspire me to return. Perhaps I ordered the wrong thing? I had the drunken noodles, which I thought were overcooked and too oily.  The dumpling appetizer was good but mine came out cold. They do have a tilapia entree that is sweet and sour (but fried) and pretty tasty. I think my heart still belongs to Erawan but I am up for trying this place out again because everyone was shocked at my lukewarm impression of this place.Yummy, reasonably priced, generously portioned Thai? Sounds like a winner! I like Smile Cafe...admitted, it's not the best Thai you'll ever taste, and getting something spicy requires a bit of convincing on your part, but it's definitely very good for what it is.One of my favorite restaurants in center city. They serve very authentic Thai food, which is very difficult to find in Philadelphia. I love the red curry with roasted duck and the Thai ice tea. The service is good. Price is reasonable also, but their inconvenient and small place keeps me away from dining inside, especially with a toddler and a huge stroller. It's really difficult for me to bring them onto the staircase and open two doors. Everything else is wonderful to me.this is actually my favorite thai place to go to.  super cute and tiny little place with delightful staff.  it's byo, the prices are great, and i always have a super meal.  
they have a make  your own page on the menu which (as a control freak) i totally love.  you pick your protein, your sauce, and they will steam or fry it for you! (i always say fry, duh) 
they have tofu available and if you order a pad thai just say "no egg" to make it vegan.Smile is a sweet, homey, clean restaurant and the staff is always knowledge and helpful. I enjoyed the food, but I'd recommend that if you don't like things super sweet, let them know. They'll adjust the dish to your preference.This is the place to go if you are craving delicious coconut soup or sour soup, they make it perfectly. I have never dine inside, always take out. Also, they are closed on Sunday! That's a real downer for me. When it comes to how quickly your food is cooked though, they are fast. Their curries are okay, but I much prefer Bangkok 9's curry.This review is only based on take out food. We ordered couple dishes for delivery. Spring rolls, chicken wing with sweet chili sauce, pad see ew and Tom yum soup noodle. 
Food got delivered in about 40min. 
There was some good and bad about their food. 
Spring roll was not so greasy and crispy but lack of flavor. 
It was already kind of cold but it was delivery food so understandable. 
Chicken wings were actually delicious. Was good choice. 
The most disappointing  dish was my pad see ew. Noodles were all stuck together so it was like gigantic rice cake and half of them got no sauce on them and uncooked. They put generous portion of vegetable and seemed fresh ones so that was plus. 
My hub did not enjoy his Tom yum noodle soup. I tasted it, it had too much lime in the broth and I prefer little less but everyone has different preference.
Overall was average experience for me. We enjoyed their appetizers but not much luck with main dishes. I am not sure because it was my first try and it was take out. If I dine there it might be total different experience. But no more delivery from this place.Best Thai lunch special deal! For $7.95, you get an appetizer, soup and entree. I really don't think anything can beat that price and deal. I'm a huge fan of Drunken Noodles and always get it here! It's really delicious, especially with shrimp! Just wish it wasn't such a far walk from Center City so I could get it more often..I guess the exercise is useful...I went here for a friend's birthday. It's a small place, but our table of nine fit just fine. The food was amazing (out of nine people, one complained about their noodles being a bit on the salty side) and the staff were super accommodating and friendly. We sat around and got a little stupid with real Jamaican  Rum. We could have had a bottle of coke (to go with our rum on the table) if we had wanted to...they also let you bring in your own birthday cake :):) 
Everything I ordered had seafood in it--seafood soup with a coconut broth (very good and I remember it fell in the $4 range) and a rice/seafood platter with lemon grass (and then maybe there was some garlic and coconut in there as well). Yum!
We also asked them to open the upstairs for us so we could check out the artwork on the walls (I think there's a gallery next door and they display their work)...they totally didn't have to go out of their way like that for us, but I'm glad they did and I'll be back.Had a great dinner here last night. The coconut soup & chicken satay apps were perfect. I had the pad thai & my bf had the spicy noodle- both were delicious.
Great atmosphere although it is very tight...we were basically sitting at the same table as another party- but otherwise it was great! Will be back- they do take out too!As a recent immigrator to Philadelphia, I have recently been inundated with restaurant recommendations by my coworker friend natives. I specifically requested my friend's FAVORITE Thai restaurant IN THE CITY. Low and behold, Smile Cafe.
I was meeting another recent immigrator, one from the homeland in fact (by homeland, I mean NYC) for dinner and drinks. His first recommendation only had 3.5 star average rating on yelp...blasphemous. Mexican is our usual go-to but I like to reserve tequila for nights when I am able to drink at an olympic level.  
We met here at 6pm (6:08 to be specific) on a Friday evening in late July. We sat at the table nearest the window, joined by the view of that playground across the street. 
I immediately scanned the table for the drink menu. When I could not find the drink menu, I flipped through my menu's pages to locate the drink page. Neither of which exist because this place doesn't serve alcohol. So, as it turns out, this place is BYOB. Call me crazy for just assuming a restaurant serves alcohol. I'm actually not super crazy about BYOBs because I'm lazy af but they do have their perks. At the end of our meal, I believe I paid with tax and tip and shit like $12 or $13. I cannot recall a time in my life where I spent that for DINNER. 
Anyways when given the option to go with Addie to pick up a few bottles of wine at the nearest liquor store or wait to hold down the fort, I made the obvious choice. Let me share something with you: while sitting at a restaurant by yourself waiting, you are given the opportunity to eaves drop/people watch to a tremendous degree. Some girl on the other end of the restaurant from us had this weird disease she was telling her date or brother about and the couple sitting next to us had the WEIRDEST dynamic. Like the girl kept saying like random tidbits about like "oh we should get a vegetable steamer to make that" and "I may go with the shrimp pad thai" to which her boyfriend/husband wouldn't say ANYTHING. So strange.
Addie came back after what seemed like an eternity. Maybe the server didn't think I wanted to order anything but she didn't come over once to find out. I would have possibly ordered vegetable dumplings or spring rolls but I never got the chance. That was a little bit frustrating. Otherwise she was really nice. 
I decided to get my usual (panang curry) and Addie went with the pineapple fried rice. 
As a huge Thai fan, I have had my fair share of curries. This one was particularly soupy, on a scale of 1-chicken noodle this was probably an 8. The flavors were decent and I've had better but I thoroughly enjoyed it none-the-less. Much to the delight of my clothes, my chop stick grip was on par because I managed, via some miracle, to not lose any pepper strips/carrot slices/whatever that leaf stuff to gravity and subsequently splash sauce everywhere. The dangers of soupy sauce and chop sticks. 
Besides the fact that Addie's pineapple fried rice was literally a giant mound of rice, its flavor profile was really unexpected/unusual. It had a maple-syrupy character (I spent about at least 90 seconds trying to think of the right word there and that's the best I could come up with). Initially that flavor was so unexpected that I wasn't into it but after I finished mine and had nothing left to eat and hastily accepted his invitation to have a few bites, it grew on me like fungus. It was really good. I would enthusiastically recommend trying it. 
Come here if u wantI've only ever had Smile's food as delivery from Diningin.com, so there' my disclaimer. 
That said, it is one of the more solid Thai places in the city, I think. First off, they nor only nail the mango sticky rice, but they do it with black rice, which is a nice way to add some panache, yes? And their drunken noodles are top notch. Simply put, the food is hearty, filling and done well. it's nothing fancy (even for the price), but it's dead on. 
However, I would like to note that, by far, the most outstanding Thai (really Lao) food in the city comes from Baltimore Ave's Vientienne Cafe. I have wet dreams about their desserts.AMAZING. Ordered delivery, had requested it to be delivered a little later, was not a problem. Super affordable, generous portions, and DELICIOUS. Got beef salad, chicken wings with spicy chili sauce, and lemongrass shrimp soup (tastes like tom yum). All for under $20!Ate here Saturday night as we wanted Thai, and, well, there are a lot of average Thai restaurants in Philly, and I don't like average. This place had good Yelp reviews, so why not go for it? Plus it is a BYOB, always a plus to bring your own bottle of vino along with you. 
This place is very Philly BYOB - small, intimate, and hectic.  Nothing terribly outstanding about the decor, but it definitely was not uninviting.  Our server poured some water, uncorked our wine, but did not pour, nor did he offer the cork, nor the traditional "swig" - might be some sort of law I know not of with BYOBs, but at least for me I want to see the server at least pour the wine.
Instead of being very inviting, our server was quick and talked to my back - a quick "what do you want?" rather than the hospitable spiel I'm so used to.  
We ordered barbecued octopus because...How often do you see that on a menu? It came quickly, and was cooked quite well - nice taste to it, nice light flavoring, and not rubbery.  It came with a peanut sauce that was, in my opinion, tasty but a tad too sweet for my taste.  Still the octopus made up well enough for it and I'd not have a problem eating it again.
For the main I had a seafood spicy noodle.  Very well done. Being a seafood lover, I appreciate it when seafood is cooked well, and this was extraordinary! Nothing was rubbery, everything just perfect.  The noodles were firm, spicy, and plentiful.  The entire dish seemed to have just as much seafood as noodles, and for under $20, you cannot go wrong.  Also, while plentiful, it wasn't overdone - there wasn't too much food, but there definitely was enough to leave with a full stomach, especially with a bottle of wine. 
Our bill - two entrees and an appetizer, came to under $40.  Definitely cannot complain about that.  What I can complain about is the service - the waiter not once spoke in front of us (always behind the back) and seemed to try to rush us out.  Also, the food came out almost too quick.  By the time we were done our appetizer we didn't even get a chance to drop our forks before the entrees came! A bit more spacing would have been welcome.
All in all, I'd recommend a visit here if Thai is an option - it's tasty, convenient to many things, and for a Rittenhouse Square restaurant, very affordable.This place never disappoints. Year after year my favorite Thai food. Keep bringing new guests and everyone always loves what they order. 
It's BYOB and accommodating for special occasions. Not very big but cute inside and service is good. Hope they stay in business for long time!This is a cute little thai restaurant, pretty tasty.
I came here post snow storm with some friends. It was my first time here, and I liked the cozy setup. There was actually no space when we got there, so host opened up the 2nd floor so we could avoid the wait. I was slightly concerned that we might not get any attention from the wait staff since we were the only ones upstairs. However, they came upstairs periodically, constantly checking if our waters were full or if we needed anything. 
I can't attest to the pad thai, since I opted for a basil curry. It was a good meal, decent portions. Overall a good experience.Good Thai food, but the restaurant is small and is good for small groups-- I wouldn't go in a group larger than 4.  
I'm a huge fan of seafood pad thai and usually get it here. I have also had and liked radna.Pretty Pretty good. Came here with a big group of friends late afternoon. It was pretty empty, but I didn't mind that. We ordered from the special lunch menu with 2 appetizers and 1 entree. I think that was a pretty good deal. The vegetable dumplings and the chicken coconut soup was a great starter, I really liked both. We shared 5 entrees, and they were all pretty huge portion sizes. To name a few we had the pad thai, the fish katsu, the bbq chicken and a few more I don't remember. All delicious and flavorful, I wish I had more!!! My favorite was probably the fish katsu. that was really delicious. 
The staff are very friendly and attentive and the food was really good for the price. I would probably say this would be one of my favorite Thai restaurant in the city.It's called Smile cafe for a reason! You will leave with a big ol' smile on your face. The food, ambiance and service were great. My friend and I started out with  tofu soup soup and spring roll for appetizers. The soup is probably the only reason that kept me from giving it five stars. It was extremely salty and I couldn't finish it entirely, however the tofu was cooked perfectly. The spring rolls were delicious and the sauce added a sweet tanginess, which was amazing for the taste buds. For the main course I  had Pad Thai with chicken and shrimp while my friend ordered chicken with red curry sauce from 'create you own entree' option. The portions were very generous. I couldn't finish mine and asked for the box. Pad Thai was very good, I liked that it wasn't drowning in crushed peanuts (had this experience at a different place). The chicken curry was amazing, and I secretly wished that I ordered that instead. The server explained that they have 5 levels of spicy, with 1 being mild and 5- the hottest. If you like spicy, I'd recommend to start with a 3 because it packs plenty of heat! But if you can handle more, which is admirable ; ), they can bring you the sauce and you can "build" it up to your level of hot/spicy curry goodness!Great food, nice place, good service, appetizers are delicious!!! Fair prices and delivery is free on Eat24!!This place is relatively small and very cute. It has good art on the walls, a water fountain, and more "proper" art gallery on the second floor.
I like the $7.95 lunch special. You get a small appetizer (soup/ salad/ dumplings/ egg rolls, I think) and a generously portioned entree (lots of choices.) The place is also BYOB (no corkage fee) so you can bring some beer or wine if you like. 
The service is friendly and nice. The place is also often quite busy, making it a cozy environment to share a meal with a friend.
I highly suggest this place! In terms of the entrees, I've had the drunken noodles,  tilapia, pineapple fried rice, regular fried rice, and salmon before - all were very good.The first time I was exposed to Thai food at a naïve 16 years of age, I thought it was the most amazing culinary invention ever created. Who would have thought to combine spicy, salty, sweet, sour, and bitter flavors ALL in one dish?!? However, since that initial encounter, I have found it difficult to locate quality Thai food that can reignite that first fire. Smile Café is no exception.
I gotta give it to them though - $7.95 for a lunch special with an entrée and two sides is a pretty awesome deal. But I found the lemongrass soup just a tad too watery, the dumplings just a hair too soggy, and the drunken noodles just a bit too mushy. They did succeed in making it quite spicy (with actual chili peppers, not just flakes!), but when I order a 5-star spice dish at a Thai restaurant, I kind of expect to be incapacitated, maybe comatose, and all I did was minimally perspire (like somewhere in between nervous first date sweats and "I just walked up three flights of stairs and am trying to pretend I'm less tired than I actually am"). 
It is possible that I'm treating Thai food like my favorite, pretty, athletic, straight-A child. I may be holding it to a higher standard just because I see so much potential. So take it all with a grain of salt, but this is my review, and I'm sticking to it!I'm going back and forth on the rating for this restaurant.  Some things definitely great, some things could be improved upon.  So, I settled on a 3.
I ordered the lunch special, which was a great amount of food for the price.  I had the dumplings and salad, and the pad thai with shrimp - all for $8.60 before tip!  What!?
The dumplings were very savory, which was exactly what I had hoped for.  The salad was pretty typical with a ginger dressing.  The pad thai was nice, but I thought it needed some heat and less peanut flavor.  Overall, tasty and cheap, just how I like my lunch.
One thing I was hoping for was some music in the background as I ate.  This is a small restaurant, where you can hear everything - even the chewing and slurping noises of those around you.  If I could change one thing, I'd have some kind of ambient noise or smooth jazz.  Otherwise, not a bad experience!Barely better than a run of the mill chinese take-out joint.
I paid 16 dollars for a tough piece of duck that tasted defrosted on top of steamed vegetables sitting in a pool of trader joe's sweet thai chili sauce.
My friend got fried rice that tasted mealy and under-flavored.
This is thai cuisine we're talking about here.
where's the complex flavors? lemongrass, lime, coconut, curry, cilantro chiles ...
terrible.
I can only imagine the high ratings are from people in the neighborhood used to inadequate thai offerings.My favorite Thai place in Center City so far. I like it loads better than Erawan!
The place is small, but comfortable. It's a very homely and relaxing environment, great for a date or good conversations with friends! 
They have a great lunch special for appx $10 that comes with 2 appetizers and a main dish. I always choose the lemongrass chicken soup as one of my appetizers. The main portion is large enough to have leftovers! 
I also like the create your own curry combo option: choose your meat / veg and choose your curry. Veg friendly!
Good value for money!This place was wonderful. I really enjoyed their coconut soup with shrimp, and the Thai iced coffee. I would get those two things everyday if I lived close by...it would be dangerous.
Our server was very kind and extremely professional. 
The restaurant is tiny, yet has and calm and airy feeling too it which is nice. 
They are also vegetarian friendly, and will accommodate your veggie desires if need be.I was *this close to giving Smile 5 stars. First 2 deliveries and eat-in's were nothing short of amazing. The food packs much more flavor than you expect and will blow your taste buds away. The prices are exceedingly reasonable and service is good. Far and above the best Thai I've had in Philly. So why not 5 stars?
The last time I got take-out the spicy noodles were unbearably hot. The only other time I've had food this hot was at an Indian restaurant where I asked for the spice level to be "as hot as you can make it" and then sent the dish back for lack of spice. The dish that returned could start a wildfire. So the takeout from Smile was ordered to be spicy, but it was so ridiculously over-spiced that I strained the noodles 3 times using a colander and still couldn't eat it. Hopefully it was an anomaly but I have to ding them a star.
Their spicy noodles are to die for (if it doesn't kill you first) and their curry is exceptional. You won't find a better bang for buck in center city.I went here once more... it's been over a year... 
It was early. We were going to the Roxy at 7:30. We were the only people there! for a while... then around 7 it got packed! So it was actually very romantic, just the two of us in the place, sharing wine and the crispy shrimp roll appetizer. 
The shrimp was amazing! Talk about crispy! I wanted that to be my meal, could I just get a bowl with like 20 of these and maybe some white rice? 
I had some noodles with chicken and shrimp. It wasn't spicy, it was in a brown sauce. It was like a stew but not, it was by far the best thing i've had in a while. My boyfriend had some seafood dish, mussels, clams, shrimp and scallops. It was spicy, I wasn't a big fan. HOWEVER, I have never liked mussels, and it took me a while to finally get it in my mouth but I ACTUALLY enjoyed it! 
To sum up:
1. Romantic because we were alone.
2. New item on menu should be a bowl of shrimp rolls.
3. I like mussels now.WOW small cute delicious and great serviceGreat food & atmosphere. The quiet and calm setting makes it a great place for catching up with a friend. I suggest the Thai Spaghetti if you like peanut sauce!Smile Cafe is definitely my favorite Thai restaurant in the city! I ordered the Pad See Ew and the Steamed Dumplings and both of plates were delicious! I do not remember what my friends ordered, but they both enjoyed their meals. Each of us ordered an appetizer and an entree and we each spent about $20 so the prices are very reasonable. The restaurant was very busy and the staff were friendly and not too forward about ordering .It's also a BYOB so don't forget your favorite wine!Amazing food! Great service! And most of all, vegetarian and pescatarian friendly! This was my first time dining here and I will indeed be coming back. This place is also a BYOB so I'll be sure to have a bottle of Red in tow upon my return.Love, love this place. Great lunch specials for an EXCELENT price. Delicious soups. I will happily take a friend / business guest to lunch here. Small but intimate comfortable feeling.Fresh & Authentic.  (or as close to authentic as we are going to get in philly)
If they would just expand their delivery area by 2 blocks They'd get 5 stars!The food at smile cafe really took me by surprise. We stopped by for a quick meal while visiting the area. The service was prompt and the food was delicious. I would definitely stop by at your first opportunity.Smile Café is like your little hole-in-the-wall Thai café on the western edge of Center City Philly.  It's more a neighborhood place than a destination restaurant.  But the food is still pretty good ... even though it is not as adventuresome a menu as I prefer.  And in addition,  the service is friendly, the prices are right, and it's BYO.  I guess that's why a lot of people are smiling inside the Smile Café!