Service was good. Mesquite wings are very good  best to share or save some don't be greedy like me and try.and go back to work. Only downside was the weak lemonade. It was the weakest I ever had.This place is VERY crowded and not in a good way - unless you enjoy smelling other people's BO while you eat and drink. Gag! I guess the smell of the patrons matches the smell of the bathrooms which are also gag worthy and dirty. 
The prices aren't really great for the meh food available. Service was also meh. A few times we wondered if our server was every coming back. There are so many better options in Philly as a foodie city to try, so why waste your time and money here? Pass and head somewhere else.We went here on a Saturday night for dinner and drinks.  Service was quick and friendly... and they were able to sit us all together.  The football games were on... drinks were well-priced and always filled.  I highly recommend Smith's!A coworker recently talked me into going to lunch at Smiths and I was surprised to have an awesome meal.  There was this amazing salad on the menu that had all my favorite foods.  I ordered a kale salad, served with sauteed butternet squash, prosciutto and topped with sea bass. So good! 
I'd give Smith's 4 stars, but the service was not the best.  We called in advance to make reservations for a group of 7 and were told they didn't take reservations.  When we arrived, the first thing we were asked was if we had resevations.  What???  Annoying.  We ended up sitting and waiting, getting very little updates from the hostess.  
Not the best service, but I'd go again for the food.Smith's Bar and Restaurant is well priced and had great service.  We were very pleased with our easier who took no time at all to give us our bill. The menu doesn't have the most unique options, but the food itself is different.  Try the flat bread pizza which is extremely thin making it fun to eat.  Their chopped salad is wholesome and coherent; each spoonful is a perfect blend of different flavors (unlike one of those large pieces of lettuce that take up an entire bite). You also can't beat $4.00 mimosas.I can't speak for the food, but the drinks are great. What makes this little gem even more of a standout, are the employees. My boyfriend and I flew into for a quick weekend from Florida and this place was around the corner from our hotel. We were greeted  right away by John - one of the best bartenders I've ever had and had to pleasure of meeting. He made this place a standout. Kind, courteous and friendly. If we gained something more than a hangover from here, it was a friend I. Him. thanks for everything John!!!! You're the best!!!I totally agree with Heather M.  
It's a very nice setup to watch sports or hangout.  On Sunday's it shows the Cleveland Browns games (the other games are on/no sound), but they're a pretty entertaining crowd :) $2 Yuengling lagers and $5 secret nachos round it out awesomely I think.My crew and I come here on Wednesdays to Play Quizzo. The questions are somewhat easy and you aren't leaving like you are an idiot. I'm down for that.
As for the food and the service. Not a huge fan of the items on the menu, but I didn't come here nor expect to have a five course meal.  It is a bit overpriced, but its fine. I am not upset.
They do have happy hour drink and food specials.
Huge fan of Smiths as a Sports Bar to watch a game or Happy Hour after work. Especially if you are a lawyer -- get on board, all your peers are here. Serious networking if you ask me.
Minus a few stars because the food is not my favorite, but plus a few for their quizzo and kind staff.Won't come back for food.  Nice space and drink prices. Took a while to get service.  Initially, had to get up from table to look for servers.  When ready for check, had to look for server again.  Servers were pleasant and friendly.  Bathroom was a mess and looked to have vomit residue near trash can.  Unfortunately, this also effected meal experience. Seems like a nice place to socialize.Awesome bar, quick friendly service, appropriate prices, and great crowd. This should be your go to spot.I was here twice in the early afternoon and it was a pleasant experience. The food here is solid but a bit over-priced (no more over priced than other places in this area) and the service was adequate. Plus you get a TON of fries (in a little metal bucket no less) with your burger, so I 'd recommend splitting a dish. 
The bartenders were all attentive. I've never been here at night, but around lunch on a weekend it's not crowded at all. The beer on draft will cost you around $6.50 (this was for the Guinness and Sam Adams Seasonal). 
There was nothing remarkable about the place (it lacks the character of a McGillin's Olde Ale House) but I'm a fan of good food and a pleasant atmosphere. I'll be back.Good bar....good specials during Saturday college football games.  Service is slow. Faster to get a drink at the bar then wait for waitress to come around.I will never go back to this place again.  Went there for lunch at 1:00 p.m.  The restaurant was far from crowded.  We ordered a plain flat bread pizza and a side salad.  After 1/2 hour, the side salad showed up.  We waited another 20 minutes and the pizza never came out, but it was coming in 2 minutes.  After another 10 minutes we finally walked out.It's a pretty good go to spot.  Has a menu that offers a variety of foods.  The drinks are pretty good. Service is okay.  Pros: Big tvs, good crowd when a game is on. Cons: can get tight when crowded.Went here for lunch with some co-workers .. Service was decent and it was very busy.  I had the Chicken wings , which are huge and a decent portion for the price.   A cool spot to grab some lunch and reasonably priced.Great place for happy hour. 5-7p Mon-Fri. $1 off drafts and some half price starters. The boneless buffalo wings are great. Quizzo Wednesday nights @7p.So Patriots fans give you so much business but you close out half the bar for Eagles fans during the Super Bowl. Lame dude. Lame.I went to Smith's just for late night drinks (no food) on a Wednesday night with friends. I liked that it was a place you could have a conversation in without yelling and not too crowded. So, not a great Saturday night fun spot, but a cool low-key meet up spots for friends mid week.I went here with some friends for quizzo, and I was really pleased.  The beer list covers a wide range of tastes, and the prices are reasonable given the area.  The happy hour was pretty awesome too.  
Some friends and I shared some appetisers along with our beers.  I had a few bites of the guac and fell in love.  The chips are fresh and delicious.  The pizzas have super-thin crust that is almost cracker-like, which i really enjoy when i'm having a few beers.  I hate that too-much-crust + wheat beer feeling.  I tried a slice of the margarita pizza, and a slice of the mushroom pizza.  They were both phenomenal.  The margarita was so simple, yet tasty while the mushroom had this amazing truffle oil taste that gets me every time.  The only complaint i have is that they cut the pies weird.  If you want a middle slice, it's a commitment!  If you get an end piece, you're lucky the crust isn't doughy.  I'd come back here for sure!Have not had the food here, but Smith's is a good place to get drinks and hang out with friends. Two bars! Smith's can be really random though. Some nights it is packed and people are dancing on the small dancefloor and other nights, it's totally dead.The food was decent but nothing special. The service was extremely slow, the waitress forgot to give us our appetizer, and the bill was wrong. The worst part was that we were the only people in the restaurant, so it's not like the waitress was busy with other duties. Just poor service and we were very disappointed.Went in a few nights ago and liked the layout of the bar, enjoyed my drinks which I think were reasonable for a center city bar. There was an irish gentlemen bartending who was very nice and polite, and attentive.
However im only giving this place 2 stars because the women with the blonde hair ( maybe the manager)? Was extremely rude and dis respectful as we tried to pay our tab. I probably would go again but if i seen her working in any capacity i would def not stayThis is my sports go-to. Being the partner of a - gasp - NY sports fan, we are constantly looking for those few Philly bars with Sunday Ticket or MLB Extra Innings. For the sake of the relationship. Well, Smith's doesn't disappoint. Rarely a problem finding a seat at the bar. Always with the drink specials during games. 
The food is usually very good. Above average bar food I would say. Love the boneless wings, love the pizzas, and even have been know to get adventurous on occasion with the fish tacos. I have been disappointed a few times but nothing consistent. Hit or miss specials during games.
Tons of TVs. Including the sneaky back room with the comfy chairs and dart board. I have watched a movie in this room, I hate to admit.Omg omg omg get their nachos!!!! They are called habanero nachos, so you know they have a lil kick to them. The nachos are so fresh, they taste like no nacho I've ever had before. I swear they make them fresh, it's no way they come out of a plastic bag. I've tried other food from here but I can't remember, didn't have a lasting impact on me. Drinks are drinks, noting special. But those nachos though, try em! 
Oh yeah they have a lil dj booth and one side of the bar turns into a dance floor for ppl to get their jam on once nightful hits. Music wasn't really my type but the atmosphere is cool.Smiths is a cool hang out with a great selection of beer and a great atmosphere to chat with friends. The waitstaff is lovely. However, the food that we had was mediocre at best, which was disappointing because the food choices looked extremely appetizing. 
We had two orders of two different types of wings. We had the classic and an asian variety, both of which were undercooked and neither of which were particularly good. Then we had the cheesesteak spring rolls, which were okay. Lastly, we had the BBQ chicken flatbread. While it wasn't terrible, it could have been better. It was a lot larger than we had anticipated. 
We ended up staying all night drinking. As I said, it is a really cool and unique bar scene and if you are just looking to get cocktails, Smiths is a good spot.I often stop by Smith's after work as it's very close. The drinks are good and the food is always impressive. They've got some delicious guacamole too! The service is always friendly and usually pretty speedy and I always meet great people here.
The drinks can be a little pricey, but they've got a great variety. They also have many TV's so you can usually watch whatever game you're looking for.
The reason I docked a few stars was because it can get really packed for being such a small place and when that happens it's not very enjoyable. Along with that, they used to have an awesome special for Phillies games ($1 hotdogs and $2 Yuenglings)- I loved the dollar dogs and told a bunch of my friends about their promotion (they would do it every night there was a Phillies game) until one night in the middle of the season where they just decided they were no longer doing it. About a week after I told everyone about it. Kind of odd to take something like that away.
Aside from no longer having any unique specials and crowds, the drinks are good and the service is good- stop by if you're in the area!Do you need a low-key place to watch a college football game without too many loud customers around?  Then Smith's is the place to be.
As they were our hosts for another Cal Alumni football viewing (against UCLA this weekend), we were able to coordinate with the head bartender, Ashley, for a good corner spot in the back area. We were able to get our own big screen TV with audio (big plus) and enough real estate for our group to hang out at.  Ashley made sure that we had the channel we needed and even got us audio for the ballgame...great job as always.
Our server, Brooke, who in her first day on the job was great in promptly taking care of our orders. She was also fantastic in  checking up on whether we had enough beer around at our tables.  The alums that came out really like the spot as they commented that we could actually watch the game comfortably and not be overrun by other groups that were watching games (such is the case at other sports bars).
In terms of food, I went with the chicken sandwich again...and as always it was delicioso. Brooke even made sure to let me know when it coming and kept us all informed about our orders.
Everyone was pleased with the set-up and we hope to be back soon for another Cal alumni football viewing event.My wife and I have been "living" in the Embassy suites waiting on our movers to deliver our stuff - relocating from TN.  We Yelped to see what was close to the hotel on an awesome warm Wednesday night and we saw the listings for Smiths.  I'm going 5 stars here because I was impressed....it's probably a legitimate 4 star joint, but count me in at pleasantly surprised.  
Plenty of bar space with 2 bars and lots of tables.  Bartenders were friendly and very attentive - let us sample some draft before we decided. Beers were good and cold with a decent selection.  
The food was damn fine for a bar - maybe better than fine for a bar.  It was really good.  We ate a black peppered tuna appetizer - which was delicious!  For dinner wifey had a Mahi salad - Brussel slaw, kale with mustard vinaigrette - said it was great.  I munched a chop salad -  chicken and the works chopped with a cilantro dressing - excellent salad.  Prices were reasonable with specials every day - tonight was $5 chicken nacho night which looked ample and decadent.  The flatbreads looked good as well.....crispy thin and huge - size of a large pizza anywhere else.  
Go there....you'll dig it.....cool atmosphere and a great spot to stop for a drink and a bite.I'm giving this 5 stars because it is my go-to bar for happy hours after work and I love this place.  Staff usually pretty awesome. TVs all around if you want to watch a game. Great guacamole.
Some people docked this place a star or two because it can be pricey or crowded. I can't blame the bar for drawing in its customers. That's just because it's a great place to go.  Having the drinks be $1 or $2 more than, say, drinkers down the street, means that it attracts a slightly more mature crowd instead of college kids.A great spot of happy hour, especially if your friend gets there early to save you a seat.  The staff was super accommodating of my vegetarianism and made us some specials. The moral of all the food I tried was definitely order something if it has their house chimichurri on it! They have a nice selection of beers, I went with a seasonal local craft. It is definitely an Irish bar, as many of the staff members are sporting super accents. Johnny at the bar was great to talk to and I can't wait to come back .Came here for the phillies game on monday and really enjoyed myself.  We got in for happy hour and it $1 off all drafts and half priced on certain apps.  I loved the brie with apples and the boneless buffalo wings were fantastic.
Our server was very pleasent and attentive.  It looks like they have about three TV's on every wall which makes it easy for everyone to watch the game.  It was a great night and the phillies did well so the whole bar was in great spirits.
Great local bar!Their cheese sauce for the fries is good but the fries were way over salted. My burger was charred, could hardly eat it. The salad looked really good but had too much dressing on it. We went her because we had a gift card but I would not visit again. Also is very noisy - incredibly hard to hear.I came here to watch my Patriots beat the Chiefs on Saturday afternoon.
This place is packed during Patriots games. All seating full and tight for standing.
On the day I visited, the staff was very good at constantly checking on our table and promptly bringing out drinks and food. 
If you're a Pats fan and want a place to watch the game, come to Smith's. You'll love it.Came here with the girls for happy hour. 
The buffalo bites are soooo good we order two or three orders ( they were half off as well! double whammy!) Sara tried the filipino empanada which was kinda disapointing. My darling Rebec who is a avocado afficianado approved of the guac wholeheartedly....again I think we had two orders!
Beers were a dollar off, wine was five bucks a glass I think? However, then quizzo started....avoid wednesday nights!They overcharged my friend and I by over 15 dollars. The bill only shows the total amount so when we asked the waitress to see each item she said she couldn't change it because there was no manager on. (It was a Saturday night). She proceeded to give us cash - but not enough. We both lost money. I will never go back because the good and drinks were not even that good. I can't stand businesses that just take your money and give no explanation. DO NOT GO HERE BECAUSE THEY OVERCHARGE YOU.Came here to meet a friend on Thursday night for happy hour. Its gross. First there were flies all over. There were 2 people sitting at the bar when I got there and the bartender completely ignored me while wiping his nose for five minutes. When I finally did get the bartender to take my order, 3 of the drafts were kicked and not replaced. One of the waitresses stood next to me at the end of the bar and grabbed one of those bamboo knot toothpick things and began to dig under her nails with it. Right next to me. I've never had a great experience here, but never completely wrote it off until now.Amazing service and food. I Come here all the time. I like how you can get any salad as a wrap or any sandwich as a wrap. They have a. Great happy hour too.. $4 for all drafts is amazing!!! Boards are hilarious.I only gave one star because they at least had HD TV's. If your looking for a college frat house that's also a bar, your in luck. Watch out lady's because these guys can't handle their alcohol. I decided to leave after only one drink because my wife deserves better.20 people came out before our group of 4 were allowed in. Bouncers are terrible. Definitely not a good spot to go late night on the weekend. Over priced drinks and service is terrible. Good luck having any sort of fun here. Not that it mattered but it was my birthday and it sucked.I went in to Smiths a few times. Once for a slow happy hour where the unfriendly bartenders didn't even know what the specials were, & I had to flag them down for refills several times after waiting at least 10 minutes. The other time I went to Smiths was during lunch where I was the only person at the bar & the female bartender basically made me a drink & disappeared for the 25 minutes I was there. A food runner brought me my food & then the bartender re-appeared long enough to drop off my check. Never again. It's called the Hospitality Industry for a reason.Went in with low expectations and was mildly surprised.  Went during a happy hour on a Thursday and were treated to $3 Magic Hat and $10 pizza specials.  The pizzas are huge and refreshingly different.  Flatbread pizza, ultra thin and tasty ingredients.  My girlfriend and I shared the classic and the jimmy pizza.  The jimmy was my favorite with it's sirachi sauce and chicken sausage.  We also split some buffalo shrimp which were really tasty.  I liked the buffalo sauce and look forward to trying their wings sometimes.  The place has lots of TVs if a game is on and isn't terribly loud.  Service was exceptional and surprising after seeing some reviews on here.  Our waitress whose name I can't remember was extremely attentive.
Go check it out!I've been here quite a few times for lunch.  The food is always good but it takes forever to come out, and the service is very slow.  You have to ask for everything - drink refills, the check, etc.  Most recently my friends and I noticed a strong dirty bar-rag/mildew smell when we walked in.  Both yesterday and the month before we noticed it.  Something needs to be done there because it's very off-putting, and I can't believe the manager and wait staff haven't noticed it.  My friend had the Quinoa salad with chicken - I think the salad was $13 and it was an additional $6 for the chicken making her salad $19 - way too expensive for that salad, but she said it was good.  The steak salad was good but overdressed and the dressing was very salty.  The steak itself was good though.  All in all, not great but ok!Stopped in to get out of the rain. Turned out to be a really good choice. Friendly staff and a really solid burger. Will definitely go back.The Sunday Game Day Smith's experience is both exhilarating and exquisite ... I thought that my Sports Bar days were in my rear view mirror along with Buddy Ryan and Doctor J, until my Housemate, a New Englander and Patriots Fanatic for life, started taking me there to watch Pats Games on Sunday. The crowd is boisterous and exciting, the Bartenders , [ Angelica, Molly, Kendal, and Jacqueline to name a few] are hard working and good looking...and nice not surly. The Food? Mio Dio! It's incredible ! I've eaten my way through the Menu, game by game..from the Signature Burger to the Ahi Tuna Wrap ... Delectable & Delightful !
  Having said all this, my experience has only been 14 NFL Sundays..others may have had a different drinking and dining experience. A+I come here every Wednesday, not like most of the bars in Rittenhouse. Very chill. Service is always friendly & fun. Good bar food, great spot to watch games and darts in the back room.Smiths is a great place for food and drinks.  The bartenders are nice and know what they are doing. Whether you are there on a Sunday for NFL, food, and beer or a random night for dinner and drinks, you are bound to have a good time.Oh so you haven't been to Smith's yet?
Get off your ass and go. NOW.
One of my fave spots in the city, good for a pre-gaming and planning out the night, a casual dinner/drink with friends or a just to chill and watch a game. I'm not a huge sports fan, so many sports bars make me pretty uncomfortable. There's none of that here - the atmosphere is the perfect blend of welcoming and enthusiastic rowdiness, and strikes a great balance between "Cheers" and something out of Sex and The City. I've been just fine sitting by myself and waiting for a friend to come in. The food is yummy- I'm a big fan of the fish sticks, which sound much more childish and basic than they are. The spring rolls, pizza & tuna burgers are pretty high on my list too.
But the important part: The. Drinks. 
Yes, they're a little pricier than the average "neighborhood bar", but you get who and what you pay for. The "who" are Ash and Steve. Besides the fact that both of them are hawt(!!!), Steve is hands down one of the best bartenders in the city. No hype, no exaggeration. I'm very, very picky about my liquor and he makes me like things I swear I've always hated. Also, his drinks are creative (have you ever had elderflower? How about a strawberry thyme martini?) without being pretentious. There's a really good  blonde bartender too, but I forget her name - sorry!
If you're lucky, you might bump into Mr. Smith himself on a slow weeknight.GREAT happy hour spot. The beer selection is decent and the service is knowledgeable, friendly and accommodating, as they charged my phone for me behind the bar. Without knowing it was the owner, I sat next to a man and had a nice conversation before he handed me a Guinness free of charge.
The food is OK. I would recommend the pizza.
At night, the tables clear out and the south side of the bar turns into a dance party.I just love Smith's bar food and I don't think it gets enough credit. It's also one of the best places to watch a TV event with a group in my opinion.
To the food: the wings are simply the best, and I am not even really a wings person. I could also order that prosciutto, arugula, mushroom and Boursin cheese pizza weekly for the rest of my life and be a very happy camper. 
Although the menu is rather limited I'm quickly learning that everything on it is worth trying.Love breaking it down on this dance floor. The DJ they have on the weekends is always killing it. 
I love coming here late at night when Im already feeling pretty good. There is always a nice sized young crowd and surprisingly good looking guys. People tend to be more dressed up here but hey who doesn't love throwing on the old heels and tight black dress every once and awhile?My gfs and I agree, this is a good first date place.  It's reasonable, centrally located, and its unassuming.  
I could see why people like to watch the games here.  But that wasn't my draw.  What would have me coming back is the service.  The bartender, who doubles as a waiter, really gets involved.  He was excited to recommend his version of a cosmo instead of my go-to raz. stoli approach.  He was so confident that I'd like it, that he offered to buy it for me.  He was right--when I go back, I'll be sure to order HIS version of the cosmo.I was shocked to happen in here on a Saturday night and be able to sit right down to order.  This was after walking past several spots I've been to before and not getting a table.
The staff is friendly, and they have lots of seating.  The menu is the popular american fare, styled up with names and veggies.  The food is OK.  The staff is friendly.
The nicest thing about this spot is how comfy the patrons were.  There were several tables of people just drinking, not eating, and the staff wasn't trying to "shoo" them off to stand in a corner or tell them they had to eat.  
I did not try the pizza, but the table next to me had one and it looked really good.  I'm going to try the pizza sometime and write an update.Ate here with friends on a weekday evening. So glad we ducked in out of the rain. Quizzo had a crowd going in another section; we sat at a bar table.
We had cheesesteak egg rolls, a short-rib pizza and crab cake which was served over a warm salad of edamame and other veggies. The food was absolutely delicious. 
I had not been in there in years and don't even know if I ate, but this is DEF on my list of places to return. Great value and food. and the music...I am an 80's fanatic and the music was so good, all the best 80's, we were jamming in our seats and having a great time.I came to Smith's for an after work happy hour.  We got a big table, drinks and food and started chatting.  Service was ok, drinks and food serviceable, but nothing remarkable.  They had a band start up after normal happy hour time that drove us out.  The music was turned up so loud you couldn't think, let alone have a conversation.
Smith's doesn't really know what it wants to be.  The menu shows some effort at being a place to get good food, but falls short of anything to crow about.  The decor and ambiance says it appeals to a professional crowd, but they also advertise as a sports bar.  Smith's needs to figure out what it wants to be and go for it.  Right now the most positive thing about Smith's is "it was close to work."  There are too many better places in the neighborhood to merit more than two stars.
A major minus is their penchant for putting sexist and offensive signs in the window.   I realize it's an attempt to be cheeky and provocative, but some of them go way too far.  Because of the signs and the noise level, I would never come here for a first date or with anyone I was trying to get to know and impress.nice, clean bar with cheap pints.  not entirely convinced it's the best use of the space, as the bar area was pretty tight, and the seating area seemed non-existent during the Wednesday night I hung out here for a couple of hours.  seems like a good place to grab a few drinks, then move on - I am surprised by the number of people who reference this as a 'good place to see the game', because while there were TVs on with the Phillies playing, I never saw a vantage point that was terribly conducive to hanging out and watching for more than a score update.
maybe I was on an off night, or only saw a portion of the whole place, but this to me is a solid 3-star joint in a 4-star neighborhoodIf I could give no stars I would. Went here with 2 girls and 3 guys on a Saturday night. The line to get in was down the block which was fine except the bouncer would pick and choose who he would let in the bar. We were next in line when he asked me if "you three ladies are ready to go in" I said yes but we are also with three guys. He ignored me and looked further down the line and said next three ladies who are ready let's go. After that we left the line. We will not be returning and I'm telling everyone I know to avoid this place. Rude rude rude stafff!Ten co-workers and I celebrated another co-worker's birthday last Friday at Smith's, per my recommendation, as I had been there for happy hour the week before and loved the food and drink specials, making this an ideal place for my friend's 50th birthday lunch.  The only negative thing to say here is that I was very disappointed when we arrived at our reservation time (1:00p.m.) because our tables not going to be ready for an additional 15 minutes, giving us less time celebrate and return to work within an hour or so. Despite this drawback, the food was fantastic and worth the extra wait!  The 8 oz Signautre burger was fresh, hand pressed (not frozen), and cooked to perfection with smoked bacon, avocado, cheddar, French's fried onions plus delicious house sauce on grilled brioche.  Someone ordered the pizza and raved about it, while the majority of us ordered the signature burger and side bucket of fries.  The ones didn't want fries ordered, upon my recommendation, Smiths fantastic pasta salad with arugula, edamame, shaved parmesan cheese, cherry tomatoes, red onions and fresh parsley, it was delicous and not overdressed.  Everyone enjoyed the food and forgot about the long wait, so if you're not in a rush, please give Smiths a try.  I'll be back to try the other menu offerings, it's that good!Great specials on game days, I think the staff is always nice and attentive. I like the split style of the place and the chicken nachos are not too shabby.This is about as generic a bar as there is in Philly.  The setting is cliche and the drink selection is nothing out of the ordinary.  I happened to be there during a Phillies playoff game which filled the place to capacity.  The clientele was upstanding which was a pleasant unexpected aspect.  It didn't hurt that I was with good company as well.  The food selection is as generic as the setting.  pizza that could have been frozen and appetizers that were the same.  It is a good sports bar to watch a game, but I don't think I would go back there for a meal.This place was better than I expected it to be. I went with a group of co-workers on a weeknight and really enjoyed the spaces, food, and beer.
Their tap-list is a bit lacking, but it did not seem like they were trying to be a craft beer bar, as is the case with many trendy places in the area.
Their food was very reasonably priced, and actually served in such large portions compared to what we expected that we had to take some home.  The bartender was friendly and willing to deal with our indecisiveness without complaint.
Smiths has 2 bars in separate rooms joined by an opening in the back. Interestingly - one side was full of hipsters, while the other seem to contain office workers and middle age types. Both seemed to find a way to have a good time.
The nachos came in a big bowl with a mix of toppings and cheese whiz, which was actually a nice change of pace. For 5 bucks during happy hour - you can't beat that.
Be sure to order a flatbread or two depending on the size of your group. They're much bigger than you'd expect, but all 3 flavors are delicious.  My only complaint was that the slices were a bit large considering they were for sharing within a group.
I'd recommend Smiths as a nice neutral spot to meet friends for a few beers and snacks. It might also work for a stop before an event or after church. There's a lot of competition in the area, and this one could get lost in the shuffle, but might work for you.Food and drinks are excellent! Hard to get a spot sometimes and there isn't a lot of room to stand depending on where you are but it is a great spot to go for happy hour and even not during happy hour. pizza is delicious!Great local bar with awesome food.  Can't beat the tuna appetizer or the quinoa salad.I started hitting up Smith's again this past month, so its high time to review it.
First, we did a Dodgeball team happy hour here and this place was the perfect spot. I was able to get a couple large tables together in the back and get everyone together for a happy hour. The place wasn't over run with suits for a Monday night Happy Hour, so it was the perfect environment. Happy Hour specials for food and drinks also were priced perfectly for us and my group enjoyed checking out Smith's.
I came back two weeks ago to catch the Colts' game, as I wanted to watch the game and not have it be over run with sports' fans. For a Sunday afternoon, it worked perfectly for me and my buddy-we were able to get a table, the game on TV and with audio. Additionally, the bar was filled with the right size of people-not packed, but certainly not empty.  My buddy and I had a good time watching the game there, and we enjoyed just having a few beers and watching the game. Hence, Smith's was the right call for being able to watch a game there.I had a very poor experiece here.  While the place itself is well done and the crowd solid, the food and service were absolutely terrible.....
Dont go.Our boss took our group here for lunch and I'm so glad he did! I would not have found this place otherwise. It's got a pub-like atmosphere with great food options for lunch and/or dinner. Manchego truffled fries? Thin frites served in a pail? You could almost call this place a gastropub. 
True - some of the chalkboard messages are in poor taste (understatement for the messages noted by the Yelp reviews below), but looking past that - the food is certainly a great option for those of us working in the area. 
I had the Signature Burger which came with an 8 oz patty - cooked medium rare, with crisp smoked bacon, creamy avocado slices, and white cheddar. The slightly garlicky aioli brought everything together. The burger was well seasoned and flavorful. This all came accompanied by at least pound of thinly cut french fries, served in a pail. Even I couldn't finish these well-seasoned carbs. 
I'll be back soon!I don't know why the reviews for smith's aren't better, I thought the food was great. My only complaint is that the music was too loud for my taste, it made it too hard to carry a conversation over dinner.long wait for below average food and poor service on a slow saturday night. will not returnBeen here on a few occasions to watch some football games (who knew this is where the Bengals fans hang out!?), and I'd come here again. Two bars, plenty of tables, numerous flat screens, and in the back, there are darts! Great place to hang out on the weekends before your big night out, or just to grab a few beers. Had their signature burger recently, and it was good. Real good. Avocado, bacon, and cheddar goodness. The cheesesteak spring rolls were just ok in my opinion, but no worries because their flatbread pizzas make you forget about them. Go for the mushroom+truffle!DISGUSTING! Many many better places to spend your hard earned money.Horrible service with rude bartenders. Young and arrogant. THE WORST. 
Smart ass remarks ... skip this place. Many other great establishments.Stopped in for an early dinner on a Saturday afternoon because we happened to already be in the neighborhood, and were pleasantly surprised. The menu is not extensive, but what they do they seem to do very well. 
The chipotle hummus had a nice tangy bite and was a great starter. The hand-carved turkey sandwich with smoked bacon, provolone, red pepper aioli on a "Philly pretzel roll" was delicious - the turkey was sufficiently moist and the aioli nicely balanced the other flavors. My dining companions complimented the crabcake salad. And they have Magner's on tap!
I would definitely return if and when I'm in the neighborhood again.Went to Smith's last night for a private party happy hour event.
The beer selection on tap is legit and I can honestly say it may have been the best most consistent pint a guiness I've ever had... for that they get 4 stars.
Didn't eat so I have no opinions there.
I'd recommend it to hang for a beer and chat with some friends.
The clients are definitely more business types, which is fine with me as you may meet someone with an education that you may not have and in turn learn something new!
nice place!Great casual drink place or somewhere to watch the game without going to a typical sports bar.  
The service is consistent, although the chairs in the lower room aren't the most comfortable.  The TV's are on for every game, and there's a DJ most nights and weekends to keep the girls happy.
On the fairly small side, so it's not a real good place for large groups to meet-up, but if you do, make sure you send someone over early to reserve the tables as people tend to camp-out at this bar most of the day.Everything is okay, however, which one thing made me very disappointed was one time, they changed the amount of money which I put on the reciept. After that I check my online banking statement everytime after going there to make sure they don't have this problem anymore. I am sorry to say this, because I really liked it before this happened. :(Went here for lunch and only found it OK.  Ordered a burger and when it came out surprisingly it had a chipotle Mayo on it, now since I do not like May i was unhappy.  I feel like they should list that on the menu if you are going to add it to a burger.  We also got an order of Fries and they are huge.  Share these.This place is great for happy hour.  I went here over the summer when I first came to the city and they had pizzas for 10 bucks.  I came back last wknd and sat at the bar with my bf.  It was pretty crowded for a 7:30 on a sat  night.  The bartenders were cool, and provided good service.  This place gets pretty packed on an average wknd and esp during sports games.  Overall, I liked the crowd and they had drink special ($3 Miller light) and food is decent.  Nice place to chill or watch games.We met up with a few friends who wanted to watch the Flyers game last night, which is not my normal reason to go to a bar (shockingly, not a huge sports fan!) Smith's is dark and cozy, but not exactly romantic--the huge flatscreen TVs everywhere take care of that. However, it does seem like a nice place to watch a game: you can see at least one TV from most angles, and they will play two different games at once. 
And I have to say the service was pretty awesome. I didn't really feel like drinking anything, but the waitress refilled my water just as often as everyone else's beer. She was also very patient about opening a new tab for us when I wanted to eat after our other friends had left. The food was a bit slow to come out, but quite tasty--I ordered the grilled chicken, and the brioche bun actually held together the bursting interior of the sandwich. The other food I tasted--the tilapia fishsticks--were also great, very crispy but still moist and tender on the inside. Their beer selection didn't look like anything spectacular or noteworthy, but had solid selections.
Although it's not really "my kind of place," I wouldn't hesitate to recommend it to sports bar fans.Great happy hour find. Me and my friend went here last night for a few drinks and picky food. It was quiet enough that we could talk without yelling. We ordered a flatbread which was very large. As far as flavor, I thought it was OK only. I tried the specialty cocktail which was a ginger peach cocktail ($5). It was a great happy hour drink- went down easy without killing your wallet.
I would certainly return here for happy hour. The atmosphere was relaxed and the crowd and service were friendly.We checked this place out for the Cal-ASU football game. At 3pm, I found the place to fairly vacant, with games on all ten screens. In talking to the bartender, we were able to go to this side room, get the Cal game on and with audio!  I really enjoyed having the game on multiple TVs, and the service was great too....maybe they have taken notice of the yelp reviews, as I didn't have to wait too long for drinks.
Anyway, we are definitely planning to check this place out for another Cal football viewing in the near future.Shut the front door. This place is my nightmare. Crowded with a bunch of plaid wearing douche bags. I would much rather stick my head in a pot of boiling water then go here on a Friday night. If you like getting drinks spilled on you while attempting to dance on someones girlfriend this is your place.