Better crepes than I've had elsewhere in the city. Ingredients in the savory crepes are pretty standard but good quality. Same goes for the dessert ones.An amazing way to start a weekend morning. The service is impeccable, the food quality is gorgeous, and the owner/chefs are funny and charming. A fanciful place to escape the busy-ness of South Street to enjoy crepes and espresso.Good service.  Nice venue. The crepes seemed scant but it tasted fine.  Not exactly something I would randomly crave.I've been here for coffee and for crepes and it's busy each time. Clearly this crepe joint is well-recieved by the folks in the neighborhood. And if I lived close by, I'd visit more. I don't have much reason to go out of my way for it, the food and service is good but not exceptional. The So French crepe is lovely and classic. If you're in the mood for some authentic buckwheat crepes and you're nearby, I'd recommend this spot.This place is a cute spot on South Street. The staff is extremely friendly and the prices are very reasonable. We ordered two savory crepes and one sweet crepe to share among three people: So Brie, So Smoked, and So Washington. 
The So Brie crepe was their seasonal crepe and was a little underwhelming but the So Smoked (salmon) crepe was amazing. The So Washington (salted caramel) was really good too. 
I loved the food here but found the portions to be a little small. I don't consider myself to have a large appetite but found myself hungry an hour after eating these. I suppose the crepes were pretty light.Love this place.  Great dessert crepes and is byob. Perfect spot to get dessert after dinner on South street with a bottle of your favorite wine.Clean place. Server is very friendly so that's nice. Food wise - definitely value for money - savory crepes are $8-$10. We ordered the so cocotte with chicken and mustard and so something (sorry forgot the name!) with ham and mushrooms. Both were just okay taste wise because I was expecting white flour crepes but these were super healthy and super French/ traditional made of buckwheat and wheat. They're stuffed well with the fillings. I like my food hot and didn't find either crepe really hot when served. We also ordered the 16oz freshly squeezed OJ for $4 - totally worth the price since it gave 2.5 glasses of OJ whereas one glass of OJ was for $3.50. Total bill for those two crepes plus OJ pitcher = $22 before gratuity.The Crêpe had very fresh ingredients but was kind of soft compared to the ones I'm used. Very friendly employees. When we came in we were automatically seated.Just went here for brunch for my cousin's birthday! It's BYOB so we brought Champagne and Bloody Mary's. I like that it wasn't a very big menu because it's sometimes too much variety. It is short and sweet. I had the "So French" from the Savory menu and shared the "So Chocolately" with bananas from the Sweet side of the menu. They were both so good! Highly recommended!
Frederic or Fred, whom I believe is the owner was very polite, accommodating and nice. He took a group photo for us and someone had asked him to count in French. He was so cute and funny about it.
Only complaints I have is the waitress's attitude later toward the end of our visit. I think she was soft spoken so some people further away didn't know she was there, therefore didn't acknowledge her.  Not on purpose or maliciously of course! But she left abruptly with an attitude.
Overall, it was a great experience and I suggest it if you want great food and a nice chic yet cozy atmosphere! Plus you can't go wrong with BYOB!So cute. So delicious. So affordable.  (sorry, I just had to!)
So Crêpe is an adorable little BYOB restaurant on South Street that just opened up this past fall.  They serve both savory and sweet varieties of crepes, all using fresh and natural ingredients.  The crepes are even made with whole wheat or buckwheat, depending on what type you get.
Dave and I stumbled across So Crêpe on our walk home from the subway this past weekend.  What a lovely addition to our neighborhood!  We both decided on trying the "So Smoked" Crepe since we were stopping in for breakfast.
The So Smoked was a huge, and soooo yummy buckwheat crepe stuffed with smoked salmon, avocado slices, sour cream and chives.  MMM!  I couldn't believe how much salmon was in there for only $8.50 each.  If only we saved enough room in our bellies to try a sweet crepe!
I also do want to mention that the staff were just fabulous.  I loved how the kitchen was open and directly in the center of the restaurant.  The chefs chatted with us the whole time and I always like being able to watch them make the food.  I cannot wait to come back here and highly recommend it to anyone in the areaI got a dessert crepe and it was good. I wish they had more variations of crepes on the menu though. Overall a good experienceI came in on a gray fall day and the "So Autumn" was the perfect comfort food. Warm, soft goat cheese and squash on a pumpkin crepe -- yum! I was a little surprised by the pumpkin crepe because I think I was expecting more of cinnamon and nutmeg like a pumpkin spice cake, but instead it was fluffy with a definite squash flavor that was really unique. The arugula and pumpkin seeds added a much needed crunch to what would otherwise be pretty mushy fillings.
Service was friendly. They were short staffed so service was a little slow, but the girl cooking took the time to bring my crepe out and chat a little. 
Definitely want to come back with my husband for dessert some time!Pros: Large portions, fresh ingredients, flavorful, decent prices, good service
Cons: The sweet crepe could be improved...
I walked into this cute, casual, cafe-esque spot and got a So Florentine crepe, which was really good! Topped with fresh cherry tomatoes, filled with warm Swiss cheese and spinach, and wrapped in a thin, fluffy buckwheat-and-wheat crepe skin, the So Florentine was a healthy yet satisfying indulgence. 
I also ordered a sweet crepe for dessert --- the So Suzette. The crepe skin was tasty and aromatic, but the grainy veil of normal crystallized sugar on top was off-putting. Powdered or superfine sugar might have been a better touch for such a delicate, sweet crepe...
5 etoiles for the savory, 3 for the sweet. Hence, an average of 4 stars!Ok, so the service was a bit slow when we went... but it was worth it! I had a savory mushroom crepe and it was INCREDIBLE! My nieces had some fruity/chocolate crepes and they were all smiles. This restaurant is definitely a crowd pleaser.Handicapped accessible (hard to find in Center City) and the most delicious savory crepes with mushrooms and brie and then a delectable mouth-watering strawberry crepe with raspberries, white and dark chocolate. Absolutely wonderful.Oh la la!  Highly recommend this cute and understated little place on South Street.  I love the area where this place is.  A ton of unique and cool little restaurants have sprouted up over a couple of blocks on south street.  You really can't go wrong with a crepe but what makes this place is the customer service and the understated nature of this simple and delicious place.  Oh and its byob....so fun and cheap.Terrible. The so chocolate crepe was nothing special and could be easily replicated at home. We had a savory crepe with mushrooms but the crepe batter had a gritty texture to it. Definitely will not be returning.I LOVE THIS PLACE!!! Recently my husband and I had lunch at So Crêpe, at 1506 South Street, where this French fast-food staple is prepared with the same skill and respect you'd think was reserved for haute cuisine. In the course of our conversation with the instantly likable owner, Fabrice, we realized that it was our 3-month anniversary, and then learned that it was his birthday. We both enjoyed our choices (Charles had the So French, I had the So Dog), and Charles, who's French, even said, "C'est bon," when Fabrice asked how the food was. "He NEVER says that!" I told him, "That's very high praise." "But that's because he's French!" Fabrice explained, laughing. He's a product of Lyon where, of course, bad cooking is considered a criminal offense. He produced our crêpes in a matter of minutes, and after we polished them off, he came and chatted and took our dessert order. We shared the So Suzette and it was every bit as delicious as our savory crêpes. So Crêpe is BYOB, but since it was lunch we hadn't brought a bottle. The bill was laughably small, Fabrice was charming, and we were full and entirely satisfied. If you live in the Graduate Hospital area and haven't visited this place, you owe it to yourself. In fact, if you live in the continental United States, GO!!!This is my second time eating at So crepe as a tourist from NY. The place is at the corner of a busy street sandwiched with a bunch of great restaurants, so you can't go wrong.
The inside is nice and clean, and not too noisy. The menu has a good number of savory and sweet crepes. Everything I've tried so far (a total of 6 items) has been good. Most recently I had the salmon crepe with avocado and the crepe Suzette, which were both delicious (see videos attached).
The staff is exceedingly nice and patient with my indecisiveness (because everything is so good). The prices are very affordable with most items costing $5-13. This place is a must if you are a crepe lover.Very good food and excellent service.  The ingredients taste fresh and the three crepes I tasted were all delicious.
I plan to return.Just opened a week ago: chefs are from France and business model is French cuisine at low prices. Tell me about it!!! Awesome food, great people, super prices.
Will definitely be back and looking forward to more restaurants from these guys.We had a restaurant dot com certificate for this place so we decided to try it.  The crepes were very delish and we thoroughly enjoyed our meal.  I had the So Riviera. I will be back and based on previous reviews probably going for the smoked salmon dish.I happened upon this spot while out walking on South Street, and since I was hungry but am dieting, the fare sounded both healthy and tasty. I was quickly served in a friendly way, and the crepe was, in a word, superb. I had the So Smoked, and loved every bite. The crepe itself was the Breton type, made with buckwheat, both healthy and delicious. It was filled perfectly, the portion was satisfying but not stupefying like many American places can be. I loved every bite! I will return for sure as this was as close to perfect as a brunch/lunch can get! So Crepe is SO Wonderful!Delicious, reasonably price, and very filling!! I had the so French savory crepe and the so Washington sweet crepe and they were both outstanding!!! The caramel sauce is out of this world! The chef was very friendly and enthusiastic and the wait staff wasn't too bad either. The decor and general vibe of the restaurant was spot on. Really great coffee. Will definitely be back!Food was amazing, but I'd legitimately give the service here -5 stars if I could. It took us almost two hours to finish a single meal and they completely forgot our full order. We had to keep reminding our waitress that there were three people at our table and needed additional plates, glasses, etc. it wasn't until the chef himself got involved that service picked up to a respectable level.Still the best crepes around. So many flavors seasonal. 
You are NOT at iHOP. So you know. 
These are REAL. Buckwheat crepes are light and flavored. 
Lots of smiles on people faces.I love this place. We were looking for crepes in the city that weren't crazy expensive. Delicious. I had the So Chèvre, my hubby had So dog and my little one had the riviera. All delicious. If you eat just the Dog crepe you may need to order two.Food was amazing, but we came on a Friday night and there was only 1 cook so we had to wait about 1hour for a meal. The chef felt bad and comp'ed our drinks, so it wasn't too bad. We ordered the Spring Crepe and it was delicious.SO AWESOME! the food is so so so delicious served by friendly guys at really good prices! bring your own bottle, but they will open the bottle for you and you'll get the right glass as well.A must-try spot! One of (the many!) foods I learned to love from my trip to France was a good, classic crepe. Luckily, my friend suggested this place for our lunch meetup. 
The ambiance is cozy, the decorations are charming, and the food is superb. I had the "so soft," a crepe with cream cheesed tuna, onions, chives, and tabasco sauce. It wasn't too spicy, but there certainly was a kick to it that I appreciated. My friend had a "so smoked," where the salmon was a little thick but still surprisingly flavorful.
According to the waitress, this place opened not too long ago, so I am very excited to come back and try a sweet crepe the next time I am in the city!J'adore crepes.
Pros: Nice casual ambiance and super friendly staff.  The crepes themselves are perfectly cooked and the savory crepe has a nice buckwheat flavor.  The sweet crepes are very lovely, especially the apple and ice cream one ("so Washington") and the salted caramel crepe ("so caramel").  The prices are also very reasonable (around $6-$7 per crepe).
Con: Being a vegetarian, I would wish for more savory options on the menu.  There's only one permanent veg option on the menu that's enough for a meal- the egg and cheese crepe.  I don't particularly like it, because it's a little dry without some sort of sauce.  It comes with a mouse-like ketchup that is nice, but still doesn't quite balance out the crepe enough.  I would love to see a mushroom sauce or the like added to that crepe. 
I believe there are some summer specials that are veg, so hopefully those will stick around.After a long day I wanted to treat myself to something nice so I decided to try "So Crepe", but it's more like "so crap". I ordered the "so smoked" crepe, hoping that it was going to be as good as some of the reviews below, however, I wasted $9.18. Maybe because I ordered take-out, but for whatever reason, the quality of the crepe was awful. After coming home, I lifted the crepe to see what was inside, and to my surprise, my crepe was filled entirely with aged avocado (posted pictures). I can overlook that, but the crepe was so bland and filled with such a small amount of salmon, all I tasted was buckwheat with sour cream. Save your money, and go to the crepe place at Upenn. One of the worst meal that I ever had. "Quality ingredients ... Not!"They were down a server the day I was there, so it wasn't the best service ...
BUT those crepes though. 
We shared this special nutella crepe which was amazing. I got the classic french crepe, and they added spinach. I definitely want to come back here with some champagne! :)Me and my wife had the so Prosciutto and the so brie crepes. They were to die for. The staff was pleasant and the owner/chef went to everyone's table to find out how they liked their dish. He has such a great personality and you can see he truly cares. I definitely will be back.As we received our check, my lunch date looked at the bill and stated "I could do that all day". I don't know what the crepe economy is really like elsewhere, but apparently, his statement suggested that, when it comes to crepes, we were getting a bargain. So I figured I'd lead with that.
Unrelated to the cost, I've gotta admire So Crepe for a few things. Mostly, the dedication to a theme. Each menu item is "SO _______". Between the two of us, we ordered the SO Smoked (Smoked salmon, avocado, sour cream, chives) and the SO Goat (Goat Cheese, honey, and walnuts). I, personally, scanned the menu for a while looking for the So Raven, a classic buckwheat crepe filled with baked ziti and shrimp & grits [favorite foods of one Raven Symone], but to no avail. So there's a suggestion for the owners.
Our food arrived promptly, but not too fast, giving us a few minutes to savor our drinks and conversation. I'll admit, I had a bit of crepe-envy looking at the So Smoked received across the table (luckily, my lunch partner was all about trading bites). It was incredible. I'm pretty sure neither of us will ever enjoy smoked salmon without avocado in our lives again.
As far as the So Goat or So Chevre, if you like goat cheese.... like.... REALLY like goat cheese, this is the Crepe for you.  I don't think I've ever seen that much Chevre in a single dish in my life. Perfectly complimented by the honey and walnuts for a little sweetness and crunch to go with the tang, I enjoyed every bite. And there were a LOTTA bites. 
Big portions, attentive service, and at more than one point, the owner stopped by the table to inquire about our experience and to wish us a fond farewell.
I, too, could do that all day.  See you soon, So Crepe.This is as good as it gets. Great costumer service, cheap price, quality food, good atmosphere, fresh orange juice what can get better. There is literally nothing I could say to improve on that's why this place deserves a 5 star review. The owner clearly has a passion for his place, hes very friendly the kind of person with charisma, when you talk to them you just feel happier. Though he forgot our water that's a minor minor thing we all forget things sometimes i'm sure it rarely happens. For this kind of experience and it was $10 a dish?! what a steal. Now for $10 i got some bomb ass crepe's that was very good quality and tasted fantastic again great. The atmosphere very simple pleasant and french  ideal for this kinda of restaurant.Loved this place, super cute and the employees were incredibly friendly and excited to be there.  Not quite a quick service place, even though you may think that from the look, but that was perfectly fine for me as I wanted to sit and chat with my friend for a while.  The crepes were good too, I tried the classic (ham, egg and cheese) and my friend had the hot dog crepe.  We were both intrigued by that.  I mean, I love hot dogs, and I love crepes, so why not right?  It came as one large dog wrapped in the crepe with onions and dijon and a side of kraut.  I tried a bite and it was really good!  Who knew you could make hot dog crepes?!  Also, they were very large portions for a very low price, not to mention it's BYO, so it's really a good deal.  Lastly the salted caramel sweet crepe was quite a delightful note to end our meal on (if you don't count how full we both felt).  Would definitely go back here!This place was great! We went on a Friday afternoon for brunch, and really got a lot of bang for our buck. The food was filling, well done (I had an egg and cheese crepe, and my mom had a crepe with shrimp, nuts, and spinach on top), and the service was top-notch. We wanted to have sweet crepes too, but unfortunately we didn't have room. Another time! Would definitely recommend.Authentic, delicious crepes. You can't go wrong with either menu (savory or sweet) they're both filled with yumminess! The restaurant seems to be family-run, and they are very serious about the quality of the food they bring out. Portions are large/very filling and great to share with a group of friends. 
This is one of those restaurants you'd want to bring your parents to when they come visit. After such a great meal (and at a super reasonable price!), it became #1 on that coveted list!Keep on keepin' on, So Crepe.
I met up with a friend of mine here on Saturday (07/26) and had my usual So Smoked salmon crepe (delicious as usual). This time, the temperature was just right inside, and I was surprised it wasn't crowded (it was around 1:30 when we walked in). I guess we must have missed the "peak" brunch crowd or something. I was in the mood for something dessert-y afterwards, so we decided to stick around and order two sweet crepes (I had their seasonal key lime crepe, which came with key lime pie topping, crumbled bits of graham crackers, and two generous portions of whipped cream). My friend had the So Washington (served with caramelized apple and French vanilla ice cream), which was also very good.
I kept my promise, So Crepe. I hope you continue to amaze me.I went on a Friday night with some work friends and everyone thoroughly enjoyed the savory and sweet crepes. We had the so cocotte and so riviera for dinner and the so chocolate, so caramel, and so Washington for dessert. 
The only disappointment was they didn't have ice cream for the washington. But they gave us extra whipped cream which was homemade and very good! 
The service was excellent and the owner was extremely welcoming and made several inquiries throughout the night as to how we were doing. Very friendly! We had a great experience and I'm looking forward to going back to try mother yummy crepe!We came with a restaurant.com voucher.  I've always wanted to try savory crepes and I was not disappointed. I had the So Smoked and Da Mr. had So Dog (he's not adventurous) and for dessert I had the So Caramel and Da Mr. had the So Lunch Box (I repeat - he's not adventurous).  The buckwheat crepe was perfectly delummy with the smoked salmon and avocado.  The So Caramel was  the devil...it was that damned good.  
The owner/chef/French fella was very friendly and came over to check on us a few times.  He made the experience even more enjoyable.Very good and affordable crepes. Lots of space, friendly staff,  and BYOB!Definitely NOT a taste of France.
I love crepes, sweet or savory.   Mine was spinach, and my friend's was mushroom.  The sauces were way too creamy, and the crepes a bit rubbery.  Not impressed at all.  Next time I have a craving, I'll head back to the Reading Terminal Market.Stopped by here in a weekend afternoon, the empty restaurant made me start doubting whether this restaurant is worth trying. We were seated immediately, the waiter was very nice and friendly. We tried so s'more and so French. The so s'more was very impressive, not too sweet but really hit the spot! The so French was ok. It's nice place to get grab something sweet and light.On Valentine's Day my husband and I ate brunch here before a play. We didn't have a reservation but they made room for us anyway and I'm so happy they did. We both had the the So French crepe which  is a whole wheat crepe with two sunny side up eggs, Swiss cheese and ham. It comes with a side of whipped ketchup and creme, which seemed odd but was good.  Service was friendly and attentive too.  We highly recommend this place.I would rate it 3.5 stars. So Crepe is pretty good, but as a pescatarian who doesn't eat dairy, I felt that my options were pretty limited.  It seemed like each crepe had either meat or cheese in it. The dessert crepes were absolutely DIVINE. This is a great place for a date or a group outing.  The server was super friendly, the decor is cute, and the noise level is not loud. It is not a place I would visit regularly, but it is great for a special treat.Finally tried this "so crepe" place and was pleasantly surprised by the size and quality of the crepe. My friend ordered the "so french" (2 sunny side eggs and ham) crepe and I ordered the "so florentine." I was not able to finish while friend delighted in finishing hers. Worth coming to again. Nicely priced. Some interesting items include one with hot dogs and sauerkraut if ever you feel daring. Interior simple and clean. They serve La Colombe French Press for $5. Not bad. C'est bon!Went to So Crepe for Sunday brunch.  Was relatively empty, but still took over 20 minutes to get our food.  This seemed to be a common experience, as the table next to us walked out of the restaurant after not getting their food for quite a while.  
The issue is So Crepe tries to be a sit-down restaurant, but only has one waitress on hand.  This creates a lot of delay in terms of placing your order, getting your check, etc.  We spent almost two hours in there when it should have taken 30 minutes. 
In terms of the actual food, it was serviceable but not incredible. The number of options is limited and the quality is average; definitely not worth the wait.  
Overall, I would say average food and sub-par service seals the below average rating, and I would not recommend So Crepe for other breakfast diners.As far as crepes go, these were good. We had the So Washington and the So chocolate. I'll admit I've had better crepes of bigger size with more filling at other places, and i'd say more delicious and satisfying.I would rate this a three as it wasn't outstanding for me, but it has nice ambiance and pleasant service, and made the checklist of serving good crepes for after dinner dessert so to be generous I give it a four.I've been to So Crepe twice, and both times I've been blown away by the deliciousness. The regular menu of both sweet and savory crepes is not huge, but still manages to contain a wide variety for every taste - I tend to like simpler combinations like the "so french" (Swiss cheese topped with ham and sunny side up eggs) but the second time I was more adventurous and tried the "so riviera" (sauteed shrimp, caramelized walnuts, spinach, balsamic vinaigrette and shaved parmesan) and absolutely LOVED it. They also have some amazing specials like "so prosciutto" or "so keylime" that sound intruiging - I'll definitely back to try them!
In addition to the amazing food, the atmosphere of So Crepe is ideal - a small, quiet restaurant that's great for splitting a few menu items and catching up with friends. The service is very attentive and accommodating, making the whole experience one to enjoy.I really enjoy this place, the atmosphere is really relaxed and the food is great. I can say that the strawberry nuhtella crêpe was fantastic and the Chantilly crêpe was amazing as well. The portion sizes were large and you definitely get quality food for an affordable price. I enjoy when the owner is around, he's a big soccer fan. I remember in 2014 he would play the world cup games, and so we had crepes and soccer!So Crepe - we loved this little creperie!!!!  We both ordered the So French crepe and asked for brie cheese instead of swiss cheese.  The eggs were perfect!!  The crepe was tender!!!The two French owners provide an extremely friendly and cordial atmosphere. The crepes are absolutely delicious, both sweet and savory. Very nice place and clean. Great time had by my wife and girls, who were treated exceptionally by the owners.First time here, and it was great! I got the So Smoked, which had smoked salmon, cream cheese, and avocado. Everything was fresh and delicious. The crepe was soft, but also a little bit crispy. My friend got the So Chevre, which has goat cheese in it. She loved it, but did mention there was a lot of cheese. We also shared a So Washington, which has caramelized apples and French Vanilla ice cream. I'm personally not a big fan of caramel, but it tasted wonderful. Everything was also very affordable--all under $10. Good service and quaint decor. The man who seems to own the place was really nice and went to every table to ask how their food was.So Crepe has been my favorite neighborhood restaurant for years. The dishes are high quality and low price and the staff are wonderful. It's the perfect little BYO for a healthy (depending on what you order) meal in the Graduate Hospital neighborhood. 
Also, I hosted a baby shower at So Crepe this past weekend. I very highly recommend them for brunch/lunch/dinner of large parties. We had 16 guests. Everyone complimented me on my restaurant choice. Since I've been dining at So Crepe for years I know that some crepes take longer to prepare than others. I simply told my guests to eat when their crepe arrived rather than waiting for the whole table to be served. I encouraged them to order another (if they still had room). It made for a casual and delicious dining experience.
The staff were also absolutely wonderful about letting us use their space. They set us up in the back of the restaurant and told us to take as much time as we needed. They let me arrive early to decorate. The guests arrived around 11 and were finished eating by 12:30. We then continued drinking our mimosas and watched the mama open her baby gifts for the next hour. We finally all cleared out around 2. 
Overall a wonderful experience and perfect for bridal/baby/engagement/birthday parties!Great environment. Amazing food. Friendly staff. You really can't complain in this a great place!This place is so good! Love the ambience the customer service is very good as well. I love that the cook/ chef took his time to talk to us about our feedback and its so welcoming here I love it!  
Their juices are freshly squeezed and everything is made from scratch ! The food is filling and light at the same time!
I'm definitely coming back hereI'm not so much of a fan of crepe. Yea, I know. In fact the only crepe I really like is "banh xeo." But even that took me well into my adult years to like. And crepe usually doesn't fill me up. Maybe because I never finish it. I do prefer savory but I feel that it is probably safer to go with sweet. Overall, So Crepe has good service, okay food and is a nice place for a light bite and kinda romantic for couple, but it is not my first choice for brunch, lunch or to snack. I like to get down with more flavor like a good burger. I guess crepe isn't my thing.This place is awesome. Friendly staff and amazing food. I had the smoked salmon and avocado and it was excellent! Make sure to stop in and enjoy a bite!Great crepes good price the owner FRED  is very kind and great costumer service I will recomend this place it's a 5 ++++ ****Came here for a friend's birthday celebration and was so happy this place didn't disappoint! The crepes are delicous and don't feel heavy or too fatty which is wonderful so you can eat and not feel uncomfortably full afterward. Also,  everything is reasonably priced so you can do a dinner and dessert crepe for under $25/person. Also the place is BYOB making it great for a casual night out with friends!I was a little disappointed when I came to this restaurant. They advertise having gluten-free options for crepes but they seemed very uneducated about cross-contamination. They said they clean their surfaces in between making crapes, but I watched the employee making the crapes use the same spatula to spread Nutella on my gluten-free crêpe after spreading it on a non-gluten-free crape and dipping it back into the same shared Nutella. We confronted them about the cross contamination, but they did not seem interested in accommodating my allergy. Needless to say, if you have a true gluten allergy, this isn't the place for you.I have been to So crepe a couple times and each time both the savory and the sweet crepes have been beyond delicious. The crepes are definitely five stars but I had to knock off a star because of the overly and obviously loud kitchen staff. It's happened each time I've gone and they are apparently not aware that the kitchen is connected to the dining area. I now know more about their family and personal life than I care to. Might have to resist coming in because of this hopefully they do takeoutWent here for brunch and had a very enjoyable meal. They can accomodate gluten free; I called ahead and let them know, and they seemed to appreciate that. I ordered a crepe with Brie and arugula, with pine nuts and some sundried tomatoes. The tomatoes came on the top, so I had to kind of cut them and spread them among the crepe myself, but that was find. The gluten free crepe I believe is buckwheat, so a bit heavier/nuttier than the regular crepe. 
The service was very friendly and attentive, and the space is cozy. The prices were very good.I have never reviewed a restaurant before.  However, I have never before been more compelled to do so.
If you have children, DO NOT take them to this restaurant. I went around 4pm with my children and a friend.  We were the ONLY people in the entire restaurant. The way we were treated by the staff was beyond rude. To say they were intolerant of children would be an understatement.  We were glared at during our entire visit. My children were given the "evil eye" stare down on a number of occasions; to the extent that the staff stopped what they were doing in the kitchen to do so. At one point I politely asked about the possibility of getting an additional small dish of ice cream on the side. One of the kiddos crepes came with and one without. You would have thought I asked her to find a live goat, slaughter it, and bring it to me.
The grand finale of this gross mistreatment was when a staff member exited the kitchen area, approached my children directly, pointed a finger at them and said "I'm watching you two."  I assure you it was not in jest.  My friend, who does not have children, was absolutely mortified at the treatment we received.  It was astonishing. I have never, ever, had anything even remotely similar happen to me or my children. 
Aside from the horrendous treatment we received, the food was mediocre at best.  Beau Monde is far superior in both food quality AND friendliness of staff.
On a side note, this visit was almost two weeks ago. I waited to post this review until sufficient time had passed for the initial sting to wear off. I am still outraged.Went here for lunch and was blown away by both the value and quality of food. As a byo, with very reasonably priced meals I can see this place being around for a long time. I had the coquette which was delicious. My girlfriend had the salmon crepe which was also incredibly tasty. Dessert is not to be missed as well. 
For a place to combine ambience, food quality, and price at the same time is very difficult to do. You can have a slightly nicer environment at beau mode but will pay triple for a similar crepe. Overall I was surprised and delighted by this one.I don't want to mess with their mojo, and this is yet another Yelp Instance of wanting to give 4.5 stars, and then deciding whether not to run down or up. This is a newer business so I will round up.
First the food: The crêpes can take just a little while to make, but they are well worth it. Ingredients are simple and fresh-usually there are no more than three or four ingredients per crap. I believe that the crepes are buckwheat, which might be better on some digestions. The functional part aside, they have been consistently delicious!
The service has been friendly, and helpful. It can get a little loud in there if it is crowded-or people are conversing (shouting) in French-but it is otherwise a very pleasant and open space.
You could go there with a friend and have four crêpes: one as an appetizer, one for each entrée, and one for dessert to split. You will be very full, however...
A bien tôt Yelpers!Server was nice but the food... Yuck yuck yuck. I got the chicken one and ya know how when you buy chicken noodle soup from a can and you eat it but in the back of your head your like what's up with this chicken... Like how can it be ok coming from this can. Well it was pretty much the same exact chicken on their crepe. My boyfriend got the egg and ham one and the ham was like chunks of salt. I've had crepes before that were good these were awful. Coffee was good though.Best crepes in Philly and outstanding service!
The owner is French. Can you get more authentic?Loved this place! My boyfriend's mother was in town last night and spotted So Crepe on our way home. We went in shortly before they closed (didn't realize at the time) ordered 8 different crepes and they were all fantastic. The service was wonderful- Everything came out very quickly and everyone was incredibly nice. I'm very excited for my next visit.Authentic french crepes, with excellent prices.
The atmosphere is relaxed, and the owners and servers are friendly. The food was prepared quickly. I cannot think of a single thing that wasn't done well! I highly recommend it!They offer both the buckwheat galettes (for savory) and wheat crêpes (for sweet), which is a sign of authenticity. Simple recipes done right, at amazing prices.
I am French and have lived for decades in Montparnasse (aka Crêpes central in Paris) and I have been to Brittany countless times, so you can trust me on this: these are good crêpes, and they are way better value than Beau Monde (= rip off).Quick review for a pickup order. Food for ready very quickly on time. Very satisfied, great crepes lots of flavors and very friendly service. Highly recommended!So Crepe was so good I so forgot to take pictures of their beautiful (and delicious!) crepes. A large party of us had reserved for a Saturday-night dinner, so we had a chance to try many of the different crepes on the menu. No one was disappointed. 
I had the So Riviera, which was described as more of a salad on top of a crepe - true to it's word this crepe was! Tasty, but I eyed my friends' So Cocotte and So Classic, and think I might try one of those next time. Many of my friends had the So Washington for dessert (they make the caramel in-house) but I could not resist the allure of the So Lunchbox (I'm a sucker for PB&J). Did not regret for one second straying from classic French crepes.
For those who are gluten-free note that you can request an all-buckwheat crepe although be sure to make certain they know that you have issues with cross-contamination, if that's an issue for you. The chef and wait staff were careful to ask, which is always appreciated.
People - you so need to get to So Crepe so right now. If you are so over the high prices for crepes at other locations in Philly (ahem, ahem) you will be thrilled with this. And BYO! Katie never says no. xoxoI enjoyed a delicious, friendly and affordable dinner with friends at So Crepe and couldn't be more pleased with the meal!  I'm thrilled to have them join the neighborhood and look forward to going here often!   Tre bien!The crepes were one of the best I've had. Their selection  is awesome. I had the smoked salmon crepes with avocado which was all around awesome. But the smores crepes were the best! Made with chocolate and marshmallows  with additions of graham crackers that made for a nice crunch  with the sweet flavors in your mouth already.We enjoyed our dinner at So Crepe.
Tried 3 kinds of crepes:
1. So champignon was tasty, with creamy mushrooms, and truffle cream.
2. So riviera was like salad on a crepe, nice, very fresh. Different from how I usually think of crepes.
3. So caramel with salted caramel made a really nice finish to our meal.
Good friendly service.Stopped by last night for dinner and was pleasantly surprised with this new restaurant! As a French native, my creperie expectations are pretty high, and So Crepe did an excellent job. BYOB, short Menu, No prices over $10, traditional crepes with a twist here and there...! I personally picked the Savory So Cocotte (Grilled Chicken, and Spicy Dijon Mustard in a creamy sauce) and the famous Sweet Crepe Suzette (Caramelized sugar and butter, with Some Grand Marnier flambe). My guests really enjoyed their meal too. I will definitely come back with family, friends, and even clients!!! All the best to the owners Fabrice & Frederic.Enjoyed a few crepes from this BYOB location... I really don't think you can go wrong.  Everyone was very friendly and welcoming.  I had a first date here, which was alright - the atmosphere is a little bright, and could be improved if they want a more intimate atmosphere, but I think they want to show off all the wonderful ingredients.  Overall great food and experience.