The Açaí bowls are very overpriced. I paid 9 dollars for a regular sized and very average tasting bowl. Plus, they really piled on the granola so I felt kind of like I got ripped off.
The cashier and the others behind the counter were not very friendly or welcoming. Seemed like they wanted to be anywhere else but there.
Also they won't substitute any of the ingredients in the bowls. My sister asked if she could get a different smoothie as her base and they said she couldn't which is unlike similar smoothie/açaí bowl places I've been to before. 
Overall the place wasn't terrible, but it definitely falls short of the bar that restaurants with a similar menu have set. If you have the option to go somewhere else I would. 
The additional star is for the great location and clean/ aesthetically pleasing interior design.Quality açaí bowls and smoothies at a convenient location. Everything I've gotten here has been delicious and fresh. The staff is also super friendly and their loyalty card keeps me coming back.So...I've already come here at least 10 times in the past month. To say I love these acai bowls would be an understatement. I basically crave them on a daily basis. They taste great and the fruit is fresh and always perfect looking (never too ripe). There is always a good amount of granola in the bowl which I love! The staff is very caring as well, Dominic remembered me after my second visit and has always stirred up conversation and makes sure i'm happy with every bowl. 
It's a good portion and the price is decent considering we're in center city. I keep coming back and probably won't stop. One drawback is that if you opt out of a topping that comes with a bowl, you still have to pay for a replacement topping which doesn't make sense to me.
Quick tip - they have loyalty cards so be sure to ask for one!Update: Wish I had known they had Nutella. Nutella is on a list on a separate message board so it isn't easy to see that they have it.Very average, if not below average. The acai bowls were overpriced for the size and the granola-acai ratio. Like another review  said, I feel like I got ripped off with the amount of granola that was in my bowl. Disappointed. The cashier was rude and they seemed understaffed for a Saturday in the summer. Do yourself a favor, if you really want an acai bowl in Philly, just go to Stripp'd Juice in Old City, pay about a dollar more and get almost double the size and 10x better the quality (and 3 extra toppings free, as opposed to here at Sobol paying $3+ extra for freaking chia seeds and peanut butter).The regular size acai bowl is about 9 bucks and it's good, not omg or anything. Hold the honey drizzle (bc yuck bee vomit) but the rest of the layers of fruit, acai & granola make for a filling, fresh snack. Great customer service, very helpful in explaining the menu items.I really enjoyed my first açaí bowl at SoBol. The shop is small, but there's still places to sit downstairs and upstairs. I also appreciate their hours! They're open pretty late and every day of the week! 
I ordered a pitaya bowl, which has kiwi and mango. The smoothie portion is made from dragon fruit. I ordered a regular size, but I love how they have a kid size if I wanted it as a snack instead of a meal. They also have a super size bowl, which is huge, and several smoothie options. It is a little on the pricier side, but I expected that since I was ordering an açaí bowl. I will definitely be back!Terrible customer service!  As a royal customer, I have been coming here for a long time. I will not come back here again because of the customer service. On September 15th. 5 pm. The African American cashier is so rude! He spoke no words and did not ask if I need a receipt or not. Do I need to beg him to take my order. And he has been playing with his self phone the whole time while the customer was in front his face.    Sobol's owner, please improve ur customer service!  There are so many competitors around here. Why would I come back again? I feel just sad !  Terrible customer service!I've enjoyed the acai bowls from SoBol although compared to popular acai / pitaya bowl locations down the Jersey shore it is still somewhat lacking. However, the ratio of granola to acai is very off - many other yelpers have picked up on this as well. Additionally a factor for me was that the price was a bit high for the lack of any additional toppings aside from the fruit that comes with a traditional. All in all though I find their kid size acai bowls to be a good snack on a hot day.My favorite smoothie bowl of all time!! So happy to finally have a smoothie place in center city.I was super excited about finally having an açaí bowl spot in the city and this place lived up to the hype. As soon as I walked in, I was kindly greeted by the cashier and she was super friendly. The açaí bowls came out very fast, also. I waited about 1-2 minutes and it was already ready. Would definitely recommend this place and I will surely be back!Nice variety of items....
A bit pricey...
Clean cozy environment.
Not a lot of seating, but not too small either.My first açaí bowl. They give out samples during lunch time. Very friendly and helpful staff. I asked for a sample of the pitaya and they gave it to me and my friend.
Pitaya is sweeter than açaí. There are displays of how a bowl looks like. Basically it's a layer of granola, acai, granola, topped with banana, blueberry, strawberry, and coconut. You can add more toppings to which cost $1.25 each. I don't think it's worth it. You can get only a dollop of the nut butter or cookie butter. 
It's really refreshing and perfect sweetness. It comes in 3 sizes: kids, regular, and super.
They sell granola and granola bars too. 
They also have loyalty card. 
Definitely a great dessert spot.
Plenty of seatings including the upstairsIt's really all granola. I can't even have one spoon with açaí only... It's bothers me so much because granola is so hard to chew. I ordered açaí bowls with the Pitaya fruit arrangement. The açaí bowl is cheaper than Pitaya bowl, but on the receipt they charge me one regular Pitaya bowl and no Pitaya add açaí for $0.75. Very interesting! The pinapple they used is canned not fresh either. Not very good experience overall.Officially hooked. I walk an extra half mile out of my way to get a bowl in the morning, then a half mile back to work. It's worth it. The acai bowl is incredible. Add some peanut butter and you'll be in love.Not the best bowls but decent 
Positives
-fruit is great quality
-good flavors (sans honey-would be too sweet With honey!)
Negatives
-WAY too much granola as a lot of reviews note. Ratio is not good. 
-prices are high for the quantity 
-unfriendly employeesThis cute and tiny little shop is perfect for açaí bowls! They offer fresh ingredients and give your money's worth. They pack the bowls but trust me, you will love every bite. The place is small but they do have seating downstairs and upstairs as well! I order their açaí bowl because I prefer them over the pitaya bowls. Their açaí bowl was not too sweet or too acidic which I loved. Everything paired nicely together, and it was the perfect amount of flavor. They offer many different options to chose from which makes it hard to order, but overall everything I have had here is amazing. So far this is my favorite spot to get an açaí bowl, and I am curious to try other places to compare them! 
If you are in the area, then I suggest giving this place a try because it is amazing!Although $9 is quite pricey the bowl does fill you up! Delicious. They have smoothies as well that taste just as good. The açaí bowl comes with granola, bananas, and other fruits!My coworkers practically live in this place. Everyone here seems to be on a health kick and all I see every day all over the office are these Açaí Bowls. Luckily enough my coworker surprised me with one the other day. Otherwise I would have never tried it. All I can say is, I'm sold. These bowls are a little expensive (around $9) but they are delicious and VERY filling...without all the guilt. It's a great substitute for a meal when you're on the go or even working long hours. They also have smoothies as well. I'm so glad they are a block over. It's super convenient.Yummy pitaya bowl, friendly service, high prices
Other reviewers mentioned there being too much Granola, that was not the case with mine. All ingredients were in proportion to one another. This is a nice snack but I couldn't buy one too often because of he prices. A 1/2 pint was considered a kids size and was an ok sized snack for me, for $7.The acai bowls are beautiful and really yummy. I only wish they had more options. I added peanut butter to mine, which I highly recommend.I come here pretty often and really like it. I get the original açaí bowl without coconut. You can add peanut butter, almond butter, etc., but I don't. There's also smoothies and other bowl options. I've never gone in and there weren't people there. For $9 it's pretty filling in my opinion, but my coworkers don't think so. I get it for breakfast or lunch, and I'm satisfied!Its nice to see the healthy food trend picking up in Philly.  The acai bowls here are great for a mod day lite meal.  Plenty of add-ons and options when building your bowl.
Would be nice to see more varieties (kale!) as well as something other than soy or almond milk.  Unfortunately wont be back here until they replace the almond milk with hemp milk!Very good tasty fruit bowl. I like it very much. It is also a pleasant place to sit down once a while to enjoy a  quiet time during lunch hour. Only thing is food is big enough for lady, may be not enough for man.I was a bit skeptical to try this place out after reading some of the reviews, but I decided to give this place a chance for their açaí bowls and I highly suggest you do also! I imagine as a new business there are a lot of kinks to work out the first few months but it seems like they have it together fairly well so some of the reviews on here may be outdated from when they first opened. Came here a few days ago In the afternoon and was helped fairly quick even with a line, and all of the employees I encountered were very friendly! I got the regular açaí bowl ($8.50) which came out pretty quick in less than 5 min. This is actually a great priced açaí bowl for the portion, I know others have complained about it being expensive but anywhere you go an acai/pitaya bowl will be expensive it's not something you can expect to spend a few dollars on so don't hold that against this place. I was happy with the price considering most places in the city are $10+ for a good size açaí bowl. As for the bowl itself - I thought it was delicious! There was a good ratio of açaí, fruit, and granola. They also have a great selection of fruit they put on the bowl which was strawberries, blueberries, banana, coconut shavings and honey. Many places will not put all these toppings and charge you 50-75 cents extra per topping so I find this amount of toppings quite generous. Was given a loyalty card without even having to ask, and I will definitely be coming back to use it!! So glad I found a place with good açaí bowls in my neighborhoodGot an açaí bowl from here last Saturday! Nice staff but a little slow in my opinion (me being the only customer in there.) I got there açaí bowl in a standard container (16oz) and paid extra for a piece of mango. It literally was a piece of mango cut into tiny pieces scattered over my bowl definitely not worth $1+. The granola is really good though. But the açaí blend can be better! It's made really sweet with Soy Milk. Any other açaí bowl spot makes it with Almond milk or another liquid of your choice. Charging extra to switch Soy for Almond milk is not wise. The fruit on top was several pieces of banana, my piece of mango i paid for, a couple slices of strawberries, 5 blueberries, and very little to nothing coconut. I asked for no honey already knowing that the blend was going to be sweet. I ended paying over $10 for the bowl which is decent but compared to other places that give you better bowls for $8 it doesn't compete. I'm not a hater I just love my açaí bowls! And know what is worth  it and whats not. And this place can be worth it one day.Cute lil açaí bowl joint. I love all the different sized portions you can order. 
We got a lil baby açaí bowl and pitaya bowl. They were the perfect pick me up before brunch. Packed with fiber to get your engine revving!
Honestly I am not a big fan of açaí bowls, I prefer parfaitsA tad disappointed. I'm a big fan of these type of fruit bowls, but this place falls short. They need to call these granola bowls instead of açaí or pitaya. As you can see from my photos, there's tons and tons of granola. I tried scooping out most of it, but it didn't help and I lost more than half my dessert. 
I ordered myself the pitaya bowl and the pitaya blend was actually pretty tasty (from the little that I did get). The mangos were a tad on the tangy side (which I kinda like since I like raw mangos) but the kiwi was not close to being ripe and was quite hard. 
Highly doubt I would be back. It's extremely pricey for a bowl of granola.Taste is good but they barely give you any açaí. My entire bowl was granola. I think their issue is that they put granola at the bottom and top so it's barely any açaí when they put it in.Decent acai bowls with the standard toppings: bananas, strawberries, blueberries, granola, honey and coconut and you can add a few more toppings for about $1extra/each. Very fresh ingredients and quick service. They're a little pricey considering the portion though, $9 for about 5-6 ounces. So, I'd say give them a shot if you're in the area or you have a taste for a smoothie or bowl.I would also like to say thank you to Dominic!!! I've been coming so consistently lately that he knows exactly how I like my bowl. He saw me coming today and he made me feel extra special with his acknowledgment! :) 
My coworkers practically live in this place. Everyone here seems to be on a health kick and all I see every day all over the office are these Açaí Bowls. Luckily enough my coworker surprised me with one the other day. Otherwise I would have never tried it. All I can say is, I'm sold. These bowls are a little expensive (around $9) but they are delicious and Vfilling...without all the guilt. It's a great substitute for a meal when you're on the go or even working long hours. They also have smoothies as well. I'm so glad they are a block over. It's super convenient.Was pretty shocked to see the serving size. Politely called diminutive. Tastes fine, won't come back. $9 snack.I came here today and ordered the Açai bowl. I was disappointed they didn't have Nutella as an add on and I also felt like it had too much granola.  It is definitely more on the pricier end at almost $10 for a bowl. Like I said I wish they had Nutella but I regretted not settling for peanut butter instead for my bowl. I was still hungry afterwards, and I think that would have made it more filling. I just felt like it was more of a snack than a meal.I got a regular acai bowl with additional pineapple (a recommendation from one of the staff members) and I'm definitely not regretting it! It was super refreshing and they prepared it really quickly. 
I wasn't a huge fan of the music but that's just personal preference.Very disappointing açaí bowl :( the texture was kind of icy and not smooth. Also I don't love that they use soy milk instead of almond milk. Stripp'd in old city is much betterI really wanted to like this place! I love Açaí bowls, the location is great for me, and the price is in line with other places that sell Açaí bowls. My biggest issue was the texture of the açaí - it just wasn't right. I know it can be a challenge to get the right consistency, but you'd think a shop that basically only sells açaí bowls would be able to get that part right. the texture was incredibly icy. The only thing I can think of is I arrived about 15 mins after they opened in the morning - so maybe they needed to give the base of the bowl more time to thaw. Either way I wasn't impressed. I'm also used to freshly cut fruit on top and this wasn't the case either - frozen strawberries and blueberries just don't do the same trick as fresh fruit! Sorry I can't recommend.FINALLYYYYY! My prayers have been answered! Philly needed a place like this, just açaí bowls! No longer do I need to wait to satisfy my craving by having to go to Frutta Bowls in Jersey! The staff was amazing, nice, and welcoming. The spot is cute and chill. And their açaí bowls, super fresh!!! I love that they don't come premade, they make them as you order and the touch of cashews in the granola has to be my favorite part. Also, I have to say that this is one of the first shops that doesn't charge extra for coconut and honey drizzle! Thanks for opening a spot in Philly! Next step is to open a rewards program because I'll def be there more than a couple times a week!Best acai bowl in Philly. The regular sized bowl is very large and packed with fresh fruit. I added almond butter to my bowl for some added protein.  Ended up being the perfect breakfast bowl to start my day off right. 
There's more fruit in their bowls compared to other places in the city. Sobol is also more reasonably priced compared to other restaurants that offer acai nearby. The staff is super friendly and welcoming. I'm also obsessed with the wood cut out of a map of Philly hanging up on the wall with "Rittenhouse" painted over it. I have a feeling I will become a regular here!Big fan! My experience with Açaí here was great, one of the best in the city and in a convenient location. I've only gotten the regular size, but it has been enough for me. I keep coming back! Price is higher than most, but that's what I'd expect from a restaurant near Rittenhouse.These bowls are so good!  Staff is friendly, food is fresh and tasty.  Perfect for breakfast and lunch!Overall pretty disappointed in SoBol but I will highlight their pros and cons.They do a great job at marketing their products on social media and it honestly looks just as great in person as it does on the web. 
Interior: very cozy and gives off a modern/ hip vibe. It's a perfect spot to fill your sweet tooth craving but stay on the healthy (ish) track. Honestly the menu is way too complicated. The huge wall that they have which  breaks everything down is pretty confusing. As for the taste the acai bowl has a lots of fruit which are tasty and delicious. I'm not sure why they offer huge buckets of their products because I thought even the kids size  was too much for me and did not end up finish it  (but if you are crazy about acai and pitaya bowls then you will like it ). Overall  I think it's too overpriced, tastes okay (nothing fancy) and I can make something better and cheaper at home.I'm getting married in 2 months and am desperately trying to lose as much weight as I can before then, so I thought maybe I'd try something other than pizza for lunch. I remember when this place was a fancy grilled cheese place and Sobol is a HUGE improvement. I was a little skeptical because a fruit bowl didn't sound particularly exciting but holy crap, it was so good! So much fruit and granola. Portions also felt very big for what you pay. This may be my new regular lunch spot for a while. This was only my first visit but I already can't wait to try different bowlsWas walking on chestnut street for breakfast and was going to get my usual bagel, but decided to give acai a whirl - and am glad I did!
The staff was extremely upbeat and friendly.  I let them know this is my first time trying acai and I sampled prior to committing.
The acai bowl itself was very tasty and had the perfect crunch-to-acai per bite in my amateur opinion.
Will definitely come again!I really enjoyed my açaí bowl from SoBol! It had lots of flavor and the perfect amount of fruit and granola! The staff was very nice. I can't wait to go back.(3.5) Was excited to see an Açaí bowl shop open up near me. Overall it's an okay-ish bowl but nothing spectacular and they are still working out some kinks with the service as they've only been open for two weeks now (as of April 2018) For sure good enough for me to come back and satisfy a craving and I look forward to seeing them improve.
I will caveat this by saying I lived in CA for several years and went through a bit of an açaí freak phase so I've tried A LOT of bowls and smoothies. Philly isn't know for having the greatest options (or tropical weather).
The standard bowl comes with 1-2 layers of granola, açaí purée, fresh fruit and a honey drizzle. At $6 for a small (which they call "kids") and ~$9 for a regular, the pricing is fair. The purée itself I found lacking in flavor but the granola was fantastic (and made in house). I also like the fact that the bowl isn't cloyingly sweet like many places that add copious amounts of honey or sweet toppings.
My biggest critique would be that the bowls are served in plastic takeout containers - the same kind you would get if you ordered pasta salad from a deli counter. Get some nice, custom bowls and charge me an extra $1!!! With açaí bowls appearance is everything and this felt bizarre.I purchased a Super Green Smoothie which I felt could have been blended a little more because it was a tad too thick. There were no "chunks" of the ingredients that were visible though. It was a nice blend of flavors overall. It was about a six minute wait with no one in front of me a little after 11 on a Friday morning.
The shop is small and simple but it's clean with a laid back atmosphere. It's tucked away on the right side of the Vitamin Shoppe on 17th and Chestnut.
All bowls and smoothies are made to order so I felt good knowing I wasn't getting anything that had been sitting for a while. Any ingredient for the bowls and smoothies can be removed or substituted with something else. For example, instead of almond milk in my smoothie, I opted for vanilla whey protein. 
I will definitely be going back to try a bowl, and I'll recommend this place to others.Delicious fruit bowls and smoothies with generous servings! Great atmosphere to enjoy a healthy treat !Best acai bowl in Philly? I think so! Blows Front St Cafe and Juiced out of the water. A little pricy.. spent $21 for two regular acai bowls with peanut butter on both. Add ons are $1.25 each.. but it's delicious and worth the price!! Go!!!Came in after my fitness class on one of the first 80+ degree days of this year. Got a regular acai bowl with almond butter and this hit the spot. Will be coming back for more soon! Great addition to the area, and super friendly staff.DELICIOUS açaí bowl & an even SWEETER staff! So freaking & highly recommend. Great music and relaxing atmosphere too! I am definitely recommending this place to my friendsThe menu was easy to read. Açaí is expensive so this is an average price for what it is worth. The location is another factor on the pricing. I was glad to find that they had an açaí shop when I visited Philly. It was just across the hotel I was staying at. Which is way cheaper and better than hotel food. Perfect snack and morning pick me up. The environment is clean, the fruit is good, perfect amount of granola, waffles were good, big portions are good, so if you wanted to share one you can. I enjoyed it and I'm assume there are regulars that come in after working out and they enjoy it.This is what Philly needed. The atmosphere is inviting and the staff is accommodating.  These bowls are perfect for after a work out and for a healthy breakfast or lunch. Try it out, you won't be disappointed!Overpriced for a kids size.  (Turn off also by the Gift Certificate purchase for a friend as a Christmas gift - manager's handwriting was atrocious and she crossed off the "$5" to write "$25" along w/her initials on top of it).  It is SO sloppy looking and quite embarrassing!  I will ask if I can get my money back and give my friend a giftcard elsewhere.This place is awesome! The bowls are delicious and this is exactly what Philly was missing! Super clean, laid back environment and the staff is welcoming and friendly. Definitely the place to go to for a healthy breakfast, lunch or snack! Food is fresh and will fill you up!! Great snack selection as well! Try it out!!I never had an acai bowl before, but I really enjoyed the bowl I had here. When we first got there, the line was long, but it moved fast, which I appreciated, because that's not always the case in Center City. The staff at the register suggested adding peanut butter to my bowl, and I am really glad I did. It seemed like a specialty peanut butter, not generic grocery store brand, and it was really good. I got the standard acai bowl, which had granola and acai, with strawberries, blueberries and bananas on top. There was also coconut flakes and of course, the hunk of peanut butter. We paid under $20 for 2 bowls and coffee, so I thought the prices were fair too.So happy to finally have a great acai bowl spot in Center City! I've only had the main bowl with mangos, but I know for sure this will be a regular spot for me!!These bowls are so good!!! They're delicious and healthy. I added peanut butter to mine (and will do so again next time, some of the best peanut butter I've ever had). I went on opening day and was shocked at how efficiently things ran considering the just opened (there was a line of people wrapped around the corner). Great customer service. Ordered my açaí bowl and it came out within minutes. Fresh and delicious. This bowl ended up serving as my entire lunch. I'll be going here weekly!I love this spot. It's perfect for a breakfast bowl that's actually fun to eat. The help will talk you into what you want. Well done SoBol, I'll be back.This place is great for a refreshing açaí bowl during the warmer months.  Fruit is fresh and the added sweetness of honey drizzled on top is a nice touch.  I also tried the pitaya bowl but I think the açaí tastes better.  Also, it's a little pricey but it's a pretty big serving for the regular size.  The small one is just if you have a little sweet tooth craving.  The small one won't fill you up.I've been trying to find a acai bowl place and happy I have found some places in Philly. SoBol is alright. Their acai base is a good consistency, not too watery and not too icy. I think that they're a bit too skimpy with their fruits/toppings.They also give a lot of granola which kind of hinders away from the acai on the top and bottom. 
To top off my experience here, I placed an order on Ritual this morning and the app had notified me that the order would be ready in 5 minutes. I got there 10 minutes later and did not see my order. The cashier was talking on his iPhone and saw me waiting and then walked away from the cashier to finish his call while other customers walked in. Someone else eventually helped me and had mentioned that I should have said something since my order was not there; but you know.... I couldn't lol. Very bad initial customer service.If you're someone who love açaí bowls, this place hits the SPOT. You can tell the açaí is fresh and the fruit and additional topping make the bowl good, but the granola take the bowl to a WHOLE new level. I'd honestly recommend sizing up to a super, it's worth more for you buck, plus who wouldn't want more¿ a great place for some great bowlsI really appreciated how this place has more granola on the bottoms of their açaí bowls! Also, this place has honey on the side if you want more honey. The atmosphere here is very chill and relaxing. The music choice is great, and the customer service is amazing.This place was amazing! I went there today to try it since it had recently opened a few days ago. Personally, I have always been a little picky with açaí bowls since they all have a different texture/flavor. However, when I tried this I loved it! Although I wish they would've put more açaí and less granola, it was great nevertheless. The place is pretty small but cute and clean. When I was ordering, the cashier was very helpful and told me what he likes and suggests. I got the regular açaí with almond butter and it was great! Almond butter was a little thick, so I may try peanut butter next time or simply go plain. Overall, great place and I am definitely going to make a trip back!Love, love,.loved it. Had an acai bowl during visit to San Diego. Coming across one in Philly, didnt disappoint. Just as tasty as it was in San Diego.  Definitely will be back.I'd say it's actually more like 3.5 starts. while I think this is the only place in town worth it to grab an açaí bowl, it irritates me that you can't sub out toppings for other toppings. i'm allergic to coconut so i have to take it off, and i hate being penalized for wanting hemp seeds instead. that's my only qualm, otherwise the service is okay. the setting is cozy modern. recommend for a treat or semi healthy breakfast!The Pitaya Bowls is the most flavorful bowl I've ever eaten! I literally felt like I was on a tropical island somewhere! So many flavors and textures, simply delicious!Pitaya bowl: 3.5-4 stars: Ordered the super sized pitaya bowl to share with my boyfriend. For size reference the super is about the size of a Poland springs water bottle. It was a really good size for two people to share. The pitaya had a very frozen consistency like more frozen than a Rita's water ice (for comparison). I'm not sure what caused it to be that way but I am not used to pitaya bowls being half frozen. It should be a smoother consistency. You can tell it was frozen because there is water kinda collecting at the bottom of the bowl (see pic) The granola that comes in the bowl was delicious and makes me want to come back for just granola. I personally did not love the honey because the flavor which I barely tasted wasn't great and in my opinion doesn't add anything to the bowl. The fruit on top was also pretty fresh.
Loyalty card 3 stars: my issue is that no matter what size bowl you get, you get the same stamp. So someone could get the smallest size bowl and still get the same benefits as someone spending more for a bigger bowl. I'm not sure how they could fix it but it isn't that great.Delicious and fresh! Cool vibe when you walk in! Love it! Perfect place for breakfast in Center city! They open super early!tl;dr a light and refreshing option for breakfast, lunch, and dessert, albeit at a premium price
The açaí craze has swept the nation, as more and more people become hooked on fad diets featuring "superfoods." Somewhat a cross between a blueberry and a blackberry, the taste and consistency of açaí makes for a perfect addition to smoothies and frozen desserts. And SoBol has capitalized on the frenzy, opening up a Rittenhouse joint just dedicated to this.
The bi-leveled space sports minimalistic, off-white walls, lined from below with whitewashed driftwood trimmings. The light wooden tables are accented with black finishes and metal stools. Black-and-white shoreline photos adorn the walls, complemented by ship-like lighting fixtures and mini surfboards to complete the beach house aesthetic. The menu is chalked onto a board, supplemented with caloric information and a wide assortment additional topping options.
This past visit, I joined a few friends for a late lunch, and we all opted for SoBol's classic açaí bowl. Layers of granola and blended açaí were topped with fresh strawberries, blueberries, and banana. The culmination was a refreshing, sweet treat, sure to hit the spot on a hot and humid summer day. Service seemed spotty -- several employees were chilling out and talking amongst each other rather than helping the sole woman who was painstakingly making each bowl.
Moreover, the bowl is on the pricey side, sitting at $8.50 for their regular size (and $14 for Big Gulp-esque "Super"). To be fair, this is about what I've come to expect for Rittenhouse fast-casual. That being said, I can't help thinking that I could simply buy a bag of frozen açaí from Trader Joe's to make my own bowl, but I suppose you're paying for the service. But don't expect it to hold you over for the day. The bowl is intentionally light and consists of almost straight carbs, and I was craving something else to eat before my day was through. As such, I consider this more of a niche dessert spot that a legitimate restaurant.These açaí bowls are gooooood!!! Kinda expensive though compared to other restaurants that make them. But the bowls are so fresh and tasty. I also tried the super green smoothie and it was delicious! It's also super cute inside, there's plenty of seating and it's decorated really well! Staff is friendly as well.I just tried SoBol today for the first time, I was able to snag a classic Açai bowl for just $1 using the Ritual app. I'ver had an Açai bowl before today and I'm glad I tried it because it was delicious! It's basically like a smoothie in a bowl but with fresh fruit, coconut, and honey piled on top. There was also homemade granola layered in between and I liked it so much I would even buy a whole container of just that! It really is a refreshing treat to start the day with. Not sure if I would pay the normal $8.50 for it though when I have my own blender to make a smoothie, but with a discount? Definitely!After placing my first review. My boyfriend went back to SoBol and they compensated him with a new bowl. He throughly enjoyed the bowl.My fiancé came here for the açaí bowl and it was the first açaí bowl I've ever eaten. I was not impressed at all. The fruit base was flavorless and the fruit on top did not seem that fresh. She loves açaí bowls but if this is how they all taste then I will not be trying them again. As a note, the base is premade so if you want to take one ingredient out, it's not possible to do. Not sure how that works if you have allergies.Delicious. Acai bowls are on point! Trendy hipster environment, good seating, friendly conversationalist workers. They have honey sitting out for you to add more to your liking. Fair pricing and great display. I love the granola on top and bottom, perfect ratio of acai to granola and toppings. Reccomend this to anyone really.I have had many açaí bowls and this is by far the best! Always made with fresh, delicious ingredients. Definitely recommend giving this place a shot.I've had the occasional smoothie but never an açaí bowl. I went in there with my daughter today and was delightfully surprised. I had a green smoothie which was incredible. My daughter had a bowl that you generously shared with her father and it was absolutely out of this world. It was fresh and delicious and I can't even begin to describe the rest of how I feel. I will be going backI called in an order at noon and picked up two bowls for my coworker and I. We work right around the corner and we're excited to have an acai spot so close. This was my second experience, was underwhelmed by the first but today was enough to keep me from coming back. Both our bowls we're completely freezer burnt!! It was so hard to eat and not what an acai /pitaya bowl should be. If I'm spending that amount of money on something it should be fresh. This tasted like it was in the freezer for days. And I was in the middle of work so could not go back for a refund. Definitely will be going to Frutta bowls instead. For such a high quality product it should be treated as such. Also not a big fan of their granola, but that's personal preference.This place is located right in the heart of Philly and offers smoothies and acai bowls. There is seating upstairs and on the first floor. I got a regular sized acai bowl and was surprised by the portion. There's a little set up where you can add more honey to your bowl if it's not sweet enough for you. I definitely could've gone smaller. It's a great snack for a hot summer day. My bowl was topped with banana slices, blueberries, and strawberries -- I forwent the shredded coconut just because I'm not a fan of coconut in general. This acai bowl was pretty good, but not the best I've had. I definitely will go back.This was a healthy way to kick the day off near our hotel on Market Street in downtown Philly. We popped in twice during our three day visit and I especially enjoyed the green smoothie bowl filled with kale, spinach and banana topped with mango, strawberries and granola. My addition of the almond butter dollop took it to the next level (so good). It seemed like the bowl could use a little more banana in the puree/smoothie portion to help offset the frozen/not creamy texture. In addition to smoothie bowls they offer a fairly extensive menu of smoothies. It seemed that most of the customers I encountered were there for the smoothie acai bowls. 
The staff was friendly enough and the space offers a hand full of seats in the lower and upper portion of the space. Note that outlets are hard to come by so its not the most ideal spot to work for a few hours with a laptop. If you're staying in a hotel and have to roll out early in the morning, they're also willing to pack up your smoothie bowl toppings separately so it'll keep overnight.My friends and I were craving Acai bowls so decided to come here. We all got the regular Acai bowls which was very good. We enjoyed them and were exactly what we needed. My only suggestion is that they would have different pre-set acai bowl options as opposed to paying for add ons.