We spent 2 hours and $400 on the 4 of us..... It was fine until we waited 45 minutes for our main course (as everyone around us- who got there after us- got their food). The server then proceeded to ignore us for the rest if the time. Funny, she was at the table next to us constantly.
Horrible. Super let down.Love this little gem! We came here over a month ago while in a romantical overnight excursion. We brought a friend back a few weeks later.
It's hip, trendy. Not loud at all! Great people watching. TV's to watch any game.
Great service. Great cocktails. And those asiago cheese crackers?!!!?!??! GIMME.
Looking forward to going back. Hmmmm, we do have a friend in town this weekend.Food:
I was surprised at how good the food was here.  I had their tuna and it was cooked perfectly.  I remember the menu being a bit pricey but they had a huge selection of food items and drinks.
Service:
We went here for a work event and for the most part the bar tenders and staff were very friendly with the exception of one.  I know our company was dropping a lot of money at the bar and there were a bunch of us (like 40?) but she wasn't friendly at all and was almost near yelling at me after we went to sit at the table to eat because of a problem with a tab that was opened at the bar.  I'll go back but I'm going to hide from her next time I go.
Ambiance:
The place is swanky.  I was dressed business casual and I'd say that was appropriate.  The bar in the front is pretty big.  Overall a nice place.The main courses were just okay, but nothing out of the ordinary, nothing above and beyond. The macaroon and ice-cream dessert just was what it was, I could have certainly done without it.This review is for breakfast only, which I had while staying at the hotel.  Prices are higher than standard breakfast fare, but their simple menu is a cut above in terms of food quality and presentation. They do egg white omelets too. Their waitstaff is first rate.  Engaging and prompt. Good place for breakfast.Great food. Great service. really really good food. was there for lunch and breakfast. both are soooo delicious.My wife and I went there for our fifth anniversary. She thought we were going to Legal Seafood, which is good, but I wanted to do something different. I'd seen some pretty good reviews online, so I decided to surprise her and switch up our reservations. Beautiful place. Great location. Sublime food. We loved it all, and would definitely go there again/How does this place only have two reviews?
I went here with two friends for a late dinner but we were seated right away. I had the bacon-wrapped scallops and they were quite possibly the best scallops I have ever had. Only downside was that there were four of them and they were rather small.
We attempted to then have drinks at the lounge towards the front but there were no more seats left and it was only about 9pm.I am a regular customer in Low's SoleFood. I am there at least 2 times a week for happy hour (between 5-7pm). In order to give a relatively fair review, I have to divide this review into two sections: Services and Foods.
Let me start with the Services first: Services are great always; staffs are super nice and friendly.  They will do anything possibly they can to please you as a customer. Foods & drinks under the Happy hour menu are very reasonable. The place is very beautiful and classy. A great band always there during the Happy Hours. You can choose to enjoy music when eating (sit on the side where the band plays music), or you can enjoy talking with friends (a relatively quiet section on the other side). Location is A+. It is located in the heart of central city between 12th & Market street ( Of course, It's very close to my workplace).
Now let's talk about the Foods & Drinks: their tastes, sizes, and servicing speeds are very Inconsistent. You can order 2 the same drink/food items at the same time; you will often get them in different size/taste. Oh, by the way, the drinks.. GOD!! The same drink, Sometimes it tastes really good, sometimes it tastes like Sh*t (Yes, I meant it!).
Since SoleFood has great services, I am hoping that they will improve on the foods/drinks in the near future. It's a great place to hangout after work.Sole Food is the only restaurant in the Loew's hotel.  Breakfasts were a little pricey - but really good food.  (And the extra cost was ok, saved us wandering around Philadelphia trying to find a good breakfast place!)
Dinner also pricey but good.  The only disappointment - the oysters on the half shell were sort of blah.  Turns out that they were from the Pacific Northwest.  Not big enough, not cold enough, not tasty enough.  The salads and entrees were excellent.
Atmosphere is a little bleak -- lots of exposed stone and metal, no warmth at all.  
Service was ok - a bit slow.
Overall... four stars.  If I were rating only the dinner entrees - would have been five stars.Just dined here this evening. I am staying in the hotel so it was very convenient to just head downstairs for a bite to eat. Meal ordered: soft shell crab sandwich & market salad. Pros: food tasted good, service, ambiance, convenience/location, options to choose from. Cons: overpriced food/drinks, small portion of crab/too much bread. Overall, I am glad I tried it. It is worth a go if you have no tried it before, but I know the city of Philly itself offers more.I had lunch here with a colleague and there were some really notable qualities to the experience. The tuna tartare was delicious, delicately-flavored and nicely-presented with homemade potato chip / crisp thingys. The caesar salad dressing tasted homemade and the croutons were large, very crunchy and pleasantly seasoned with garlic, and the burger was perfectly cooked, and served on a brioche that was soft and flakey and crisped on the cut surfaces. My friend and I shared the items and the server had the kitchen split the salad and burger portions without being asked, a very nice service touch. Recommended.Good food posh environment, I didn't really love anything. My server was extremely unattentive and took forever with everything. Other than that it's was okNot great.
I went here for a work do last week to send some colleagues off on a high note after they gave notice at the office.
The thought of drink and food specials was nice.  Too bad I got the screw and was charged $12 for a glass of mediocre wine that was supposed to be $5.  Twice.  Also too bad that I didn't notice the discrepancy until I got back home.  Also too bad that my $12 wine came served in a poky and stumpy wineglass while my companions (who all paid $5) got the beautiful stemware. 
Also not great were the happy hour food 'specials'.  The crispy Lancaster chicken wings were anything but crispy.  Try slimy, and served with no dipping sauce.  For this Buffalo girl, that is a sin.
Adding to the tragic vibe was the crowd of men in suits at the bar, most of whom would not move over even after I plaintively said "excuse me".  I think there was a douchebag convention at the Lowe's hotel that day.
Before you think I'm a cheapo, I want to let you know that I will gladly drop some bucks on a nice glass of wine and good nibbles, but Sole Food will not ever get my bucks again.
Unless I am in the market for a new douchebag boyfriend, that is.SoleFood is, as far as I can remember, the best hotel bar I've ever been to.  Friends of mine from out of town were staying at the Loews hotel and we got a couple chances to hang out at the bar here.  My new favorite drink in existence is the Grape Gatsby, with delicious muddled grapes.  I don't remember what is in it because I probably had too many, but damn it was good.  The bartenders were SO friendly and they had half price drinks and a few apps for happy hour.  Even though I live here, I will definitely be visiting the Loews more often!Happy Hour Wednesday-Friday (5-7pm)
I am certainly a fan of the SoleFood Lounge for Happy Hour later in the week. It has the standard cocktails $5, select wines $4, and beer for $3 special of other bars, but there are also $5 select appetizers and free (!) gourmet cheese crackers. If your server doesn't bring them, just ask! 
Also, there is usually a jazz or blues group that plays during these days for about 2 sets (1 hour). Get there closer to 5 to sit near the band area, as this fills up fairly quickly by those who appreciate standard Jazz favorites.
I like to meet friends to hear music, a low-key Jazz date, or even a first meet date. Just sit more towards the bar area and you can actually hear each other talk and get to know each other. If the date goes well, there are tons of options for food in nearby Chinatown or the 13th Street corridor, just a short walk away. 
Date going horribly? Escape easily with mass-transit across the street in Market East (regional rail), the subways or the ever abundant cabs out front! 
The usual happy hour deals plus music? That's a win-win splurge kind of evening, without the hefty check at the end.I came across this restaurant for Center City's Restaurant week, so it was not pricey at all for a 3-course meal for $20.  The food was delicious!  I got the tuna for an app, some type of breaded fish deliciousness for the main course, and a trio of ice creams with cookies for desserts.  Nothing really to complain about with the food.
The restaurant itself has a lounge feel to it, which I liked and pretty modern decor.  It was not busy at all for lunch and was an all-around enjoyable experience.I don't know if its because we were so near the convention center, but this is one of the most massive bar areas I have ever seen.  It was the size of an indoor tennis court or some kind of mini-warehouse.  Lots of room to move around and the bar itself was huge.  TVs over the bar were a big plus, and there was kind of a dark, sleek ambiance that I enjoyed.  There was a DJ present during our night here playing all sorts of 80's music and a very drunk wedding party hopping around and having a good time.
The beer list was OK in terms of choices, but pricey.  We opted to get Guinesses and sit and watch some football news and the drunk wedding party people.  The beers came with a very tasty bar snack of kind of cheesy crackers in a decently-sized portion.  Often free barsnacks come in the measliest, tiniest portion sizes ever so I appreciated that we could kind of get a mini-meal out of the free barsnack here.  And it was very good!
In all, not bad for a hotel bar.  The atmosphere was fun, the barsnacks were tasty and they had TVs and decent beers.  It was a little pricey but that is to be expected.  I think its a fine place to stop for a drink or two before going somewhere else that is easier on the wallet.Sole Food tries too hard to be something it's not. Classy sheik. I've been to dozens of high end hotel restaurants all over the country, so this wasn't my first dance. 
We were a party of ten with reservations on a Saturday night. We were told by the waitress that there are two staff members in training. Ok, I was a waiter and a bartender so I am a good candidate to offer some patience to go along with that. Sole Food was dead empty save for a scant handful of cocktail drinkers at the shiny neon cold bar and a DJ jamming techno riffs too loud for the sterile environment of this concrete and silver coffin. 
Food prices were way over priced. My salmon was about 4 by 4 inches in size for $24. Of course it gets served on a huge white plate the size of a trashcan lid. Speaking of trashcans, let's get back to the restaurant overall. 
Service was absolutely deplorable. For a table of ten and $30+ smackers a pate, we were hard pressed to get our servers attention. They mostly hid behind the server's bunker wall back with the coffee pots. 
My side of the table opted for the dozen oysters which were fine. Nothing special, and the jalapeno calamari which was average. 
Overall, the service was an abomination. I ordered a drink twice and then after a half hour I waltzed to the bar to order it myself right from the bar. I folded my hands begging the bartender to hook me up. She did, but it should have been a freebie.
We ordered 3 expensive bottles of wine compliments of my friend's certified wine expertise. They had the nerve to ask him to find out who wants what wine so they didnt have to bring extra glasses. Really??? The place was a morgue. The final nail in this cold coffin was that they sent kitchen guys out with hte food barking out "Who got the salmon?" What id this??? A diner? 
The bill was near $800 for ten people. Food was average at best. There are 100 better restaurants in our city of Brotherly Love, my friends. Find one and avoid this drab over-pretentious shiny cold concrete bunker that lacks service and appeal, even with the patience of training the staff. 
Congratulations, corporate cold heartless Sole Food. Everything angered me about how it misses the mark TRYING to be what it's not. Even the chairs were uncomfortable. 
At the least, we should have been comped for SOMETHING but it never crossed the minds of this place's awful staff. I should give them ONE star, but I had fun with my friends.Don't bother with the food. Just order the cocktails. TV's are too small for the amount of space and number of people that would watch them.Please note this review is based on Happy Hour and hors d'oeuvres... Last night, three of us attended Our Night Out at SoleFood. It was a great time, many laughs and lots of catching up! The drinks were pretty potent, and I highly recommend the Benjamin (mojito revisioned). It is light and refreshing with hints of citrus and mint! The cosmo straight up is extremely tasty, but a word of caution - only get one! During happy hour the drinks are dramatically reduced - top shelf specialty cocktails $5, select wines $4, and beer $3. 
We had butlered hors d'oeuvres, which were okay... There were mini spring rolls and a mushroom puff pastry. Not much of a selection, but beggars can't be choosers. I wish they would have had a few more amuse bouche choices, but alas... The asiago cheese crisps on the bar were pretty good! I did peruse the dinner menu and it looked pretty amazing, as to be expected a lot of seafood options. We will definitely be going back!Sole Food is AMAZING!!!  The menu is a bit pricey, but that's to be expected of a restaurant in the Loews Hotel.  The Steak was to die for, and the seared scallop was truly out of this world.  For such an upscale place, I found the staff to be friendly and fun, making the whole experience that much more enjoyable.
It was my second time there, and I had something else the first visit (don't remember what) which was equally awesome.  I plan on going back again and again.My husband and I took my Mom to Sole Food for Mother's Day brunch only because I waited too late to make a reservation.  I was trying to get a reservation at R2L, but they were booked.
They had a raw bar that was good and plentiful.  They ran out of oysters soon after we arrived at 1:30pm and we were initially told that there were no more oysters in house.  To our surprise, they replenished the oysters about 45 minutes later.  I think they made a Reading Terminal run for more oysters.  No complaints there.  On the raw bar there was oysters, plump juicy shrimp, crab claws, seared ahi tuna all with various goodies for dipping.  
There was a carving station with beef, lamb and foul. My only complaint here is when I sampled the carving station there were NO sides.  No veggies other than Caesar salad and no starch.  
There was a station with sliders and finger foods, I didn't get that because it is not normal for a brunch.  
There was also a halibut dish with crab meat coating and a seafood paella.  Hubby liked the halbut and Mother liked the paella.
The dessert station was okay, nothing to write home about.  Kind of reminded me of desserts you get at a catered banquet.  
All in all, we enjoyed our Sole Food experience.  IMO, for $49.00 they needed to bring their "A" game.  We travel to South Florida often and make a point of going to the Biltmore Hotel for brunch.  The freakin best brunch ever!  So, in all fairness to Sole Food, it may not be fair to compare the two because Biltmore offers food galore of every kind, desserts that are too pretty to eat and free flowing champagne.
Lastly, and this a biggie for me.  The service at Sole Food was on point and impeccable.  Hubby and I will definitely try Sole Food for one of our date night outings.Upon walking in, I was struck by the look of the restaurant. It has the overall style of many of the neuvo-modern Philly restaurants, open and clean. The food was so so solefood. The fish was overpowered by a mayonnaise dressing that was on the mixed salad that topped the fish. Honestly, I am not sure why any chef would have put that fatty a dressing on top of a beautiful piece of fish. It turned my stomach a little. The rest of the meal was OK. Since Philly is well known for its wonderful restaurants and up and coming chefs, i would leave SoleFood off my places to try list.You're going to spend lots of money in Philadelphia to begin with, so do not waste a penny here. Expensive and small portions, with an uninviting atmosphere. The lounge area of the restaurant has torn up furniture and not enough seating. Service is ok....on a Friday night they had maybe four people working the entire lounge and restaurant, which is not enough when there is a big convention there with lots of people coming to the bar/restaurant.First off, very impressive decor.
Scallops dish is a wow. There's no better choice to pair perfectly seared jumbo scallops than with bacon, sunny side up egg, and fresh peas! Yum yum yum!
I would stay away from the Philly Cheese steak and Eggs. Although the dish puts a great spin to the well known local dish, I prefer Tony's Luke's cheese steak. For a sandwich, Rib eye beats filet mignon & whiz beats St. Andre's cheese. Solefood does toss in two eggs on top (I opted for sunny side egg and soaked up my bread wonderfully!) for a fun twist!
Service is what you'd expect from a 4 diamond hotel. Hats off to Jose and Edgar.Server told me about special.  Fluke sandwich I asked how it was and he said he had not tried.  When it came it had bacon which he was surprised by.  Offered something else which I decided against.  It isn't the servers fault - it is management for not having servers informed and tasting the food.  The sandwich was lackluster and boring not to mention dry.  I ate here two months ago and feel over past year food has gone down hill.A shabby day led me to Solefood,been here before so I knew it would be good.  Understatement!  My server Jessica described specials that sounded to goo to be true.
The wedge salad was like no other, could easily be an entree unto itself. The fresh shrimp and bacon pairings and the wonderful dressing, thank goodness it might appear on the spring menu.
Brilliant move on the chef's part.
Then the arctic charJessica recommended-simply outstanding!
A perfect dining experience and thanks to the very attentive manager for checking in as she did.  Just confirms that from beginning to end, Solefood insures a wonderful experience.Came here for drinks during Center City Sips to listen to jazzy tunes and ended up making love to the bar snacks during the duration of my time. Crunchy and yummy!We went this past Sunday and 3 out of the 4 of us got the $16 Flower Show lunch special
It included spicy crab chowder, half a crabcake sandwich, a small mixed salad and two mini-flower cupcakes.
Yum!: By far the highlight of the meal was the chowder and the sandwich and salad portion was pretty decent. 
Yuck!: cupcakes were great to look at but other than providing a much needed sugar high they were forgettable. Oh and they served a us HORRIBLE Coffee that I nearly spit out it was so bad...it was a mudwater mess (and one spoon for 4 sleep-deprived ladies had to have been a cruel joke.)
Waitress was nice but was hard to find when we needed things...i think she was just as hung-over as we were...Great place for business lunch.  Swanky place in the heart of City Center.  Excellent service, fine food.  Portions were just right, not too much nor too little.  Atmosphere is retro early 60's.  Felt like I'd walked onto the set of an episode of Mad Men.  Very nice.  Highly recommend it.Food wasnt value for money. Very small portion, expensive, and average taste. Atmosphere is good. Yuppie.We had a party of two but there were several uninvited guests (gnats and flies) that made us think we were directing planes. The mussels were the worst I've ever had.  The short rib sandwich was good but not enough to want to go back.I went here a few weeks ago with some co-workers during happy hour.  We mostly hung out in the bar area and ordered appetizers.  The staff were very attentive and friendly.  The decor was very modern and fun, yet relaxing.  
We tried the popcorn shrimp which was very tasty and highly recommend, but a friend of mine told me that the last time she went there and tried it, it was not as good.  Let's hope that they are pretty consistent for the most part and that she was just there on a bad day.  
I wouldn't recommend the Tuna tartare, even though some of my friends raved over it, I didn't think it was anything special and would probably not order it again.  
The last thing we ordered was the Jumbo lump crab chowder.  I highly recommend, it was very delicous.
One thing we all enjoyed was the snack mix that they have at all the tables.  It was mainly asian crackers with some wasabi flavored sesame stix.  We gobbled them up pretty quickly, and the staff was very accommodating in replenishing the bowls.  
Will definitely come back for happy hour!  Next time I want to try the calamari!Amazing. 
Right in the heart of center city (so easy to get to). Beautiful interior. I felt more fashionable the instant I entered. Clusters of 30-somethings hung out by the stylish bar, all clad in upscale clothing- looking especially classy with their martinis in hand. We were led to our table, which was surrounded by a roomy couch and plush chairs. (The only down-side was that the table was so large that I felt like I had to yell to communicate with my friend on the other side.) 
So, comfortably sitting at our table, our waitress came over quickly and got us started with some delicious drinks. The rest of our meal ran smoothly, courses coming quickly and prepared delicately. I got the bacon-wrapped scallops. They were so juicy! I also got the seared tuna, prepared perfectly. I tried the Chilean Seabass, too, and that was one of the best dishes I've had in my life. The desserts were also great-- delicately prepared like the rest of the courses, and a nice, light way to finish the meal. (I got the brownie, but it was still quite light.) 
All in all, my 2 recommendations: 
-Come in groups so you can try lots of different foods (they're all good!)
-Come during restaurant week (otherwise I would never be able to afford this place) and still be prepared for the high prices. (But if you're prepared to spend, come! It's worth the hole in your wallet afterwards...)Great HH!  Good food but service could use improving.Iv'e been traveling to Philadelphia once a year and a couple of years ago I went  to Soul Food. I had such a good experience the first time that I had to go back this year.
 I get the trout every time. They changed the dish from what I remembered the first time but still was super good. I was just glad to see trout on the menu again. The wait staff are great, fully attentive and personable. There are a lot of places to eat in philadelphia and believe me I'm doing my best in trying them all! but this place really cooks great fish. Nice atmosphere with a large bar. I look forward to going back again...I suppose I SHOULD give Solefood 5 stars but the PRICES just KILL ME -- The food here is nothing but GREAT but the prices are DEFINITELY expense account prices.   I've eaten SOLEFOOD food at many charity events & it is always HANDS DOWN the best of the event.
I was looking to try this place (outside the charity events) so after the flower show a friend & I went for a quick bite.  We had 3 martini's & 3 appetizers and the bill was 80 bucks. The portions are on the small side - when the menu said "scallop" it literally was ONE SCALLOP. 
I almost felt like we needed to go somwhere else to eat afterwards.
Anyone need some business done & want to take me to dinner???
to reiterate - the FOOD IS GREAT -- prices - Sky High they need to come down to earth.The Sole Food in the Loews is a surprise! Excellent salmon dinner- fresh, moist and nicely prepared. Try with mixed green and a nice glass of wine. Enjoyed!
Also took advantage of the bar - nicely mixed margarita! French fries were tasty too!  Service was outstanding - thank you Kristin!
If you go for breakfast, have the oatmeal! This is the best bowl of oatmeal! Order the fresh fruit bowl to go with - Your day will be off to a good start.A dear friend started a no repeat bar and dinner pledge for 2013, so we've been hitting the town hard and venturing outside of our comfort zone for libations with cool atmosphere's. Hotel bars usually aren't our go to unless its on the other side of Broad and we're feeling fancy. We stopped in here Friday night and enjoyed a few cocktails. The lounge itself is busy (obviously with hotel guests, tourists and the like) We created our own "table" and hung out for a bit before deciding to move on to greener pastures. I did enjoy my Philly Love cocktail with vodka, and passionfruit served up in a Champagne flute. Im always slightly annoyed with a bubble-less cocktail comes this way ( presentation is everything). One person ordered food and seemed to enjoy it I would come back its been scratched off the list, but i would recommend it to out of town guests who we're staying near the Lowes.The overall experience was nice.  The place was laid back and chill.  I ordered the beef short rib and it was mouth watering!!! The shrimp appetizers mixed with grits  was not good at all and they were stingy with the shrimp...I agree the prices were steep...also the drinks took forever but waiter comped us...overall a nice place to end restaurant week...I went here for a work get together, and after agonizing over the menu just had a drink. I have since been back 2 times, and must admit I would go again in a heartbeat for the ahi tuna and a lovely cocktail, if it was outside of the happy hour time, I wouldn't go. 
It is more set up for the business traveler with an expense account. 
the servers were friendly. the service a bit slow 
I thought the decor was cool, and there have been tiny jazz ensembles there adding to the atmospherefood very good; but way overpriced for small a-la-carte portionshad some great service by the bartender jacob. and some super tasty aps. some octopus that was outstanding, and some asparagus thing that had a sunny side up egg on top. yummmm. the staff was friendly, the spot is pretty. overall, it was awesome. i will definitely be back. maybe next time ill get a table and have a proper meal.Terrible service from an uncaring staff made my second attempt at trying this place a mistake. Not only is this place overpriced ($11 for a shot?) but the staff is downright ridiculously crude. You can not get any attention from any bartender even if you were to do jumping jacks. Once you finally get them (if you ever do without just walking out) they are short with you and judgmental - yes I'm a young professional staying at this lovely hotel - I had to prove this be serviced here at all.
The crowd is quite odd too - pregnant women sitting around the bar drinking and men groping women in public - made me feel incredibly uncomfortable. I thought this was a classy place...
The bar tables are terrible - high chairs surrounding a small glass table that isn't even attached to the stand below. When my party sat down, the table top flipped up and spilled our drinks onto the floor. When I told two of the staff, they couldn't care less. A hard glass table top tumbling to the ground and hurting someone is imminent, be careful.
I'm saddened that this awful place is within my favorite hotel in the city. There are so many other lovely bars and restaurants in the area, so I recommend avoiding this place altogether.My wife and I tried this place after we had struck out with a couple other places around the area (other places either were cash only, byob, wine only, 45 minute waits, etc...). We had a terrific meal. Jeff Lorber was playing with his quintet (no cover charge) which was quite awesome. Food was amazing. I had a Dogfish 60 Minute IPA on draught and my wife had a merlot. Good food, live music, good drinks, and good coffee. Paid what you'd expect if you ate in NYC or Boston. We were a bit embarrassed by the fact we were actually staying at the Loews and never thought of checking it out until all else failed.Came here when they had the recession special thing. For appetizers we had an amazing tuna tartare (I realize tuna tartare is just scrap tuna but it's delicious) and a meh tomato soup that I don't think we finished. We had pretty good fish entrees, specifics of which I forget.. and for dessert we had a pretty awful chocolate cake & cheesecake. So it was kinda hit-or-miss. Probably won't come back. It's in the Loews so it was a nice place and kinda lounge-y, with a much older crowd than I'm used to.Love this place; although I do get confused when I walk in trying to figure out if I'm lounging in the lounge, dancing around one of the strategically placed tables, or if I should sneak a seat at the bar or if I want to find where the hostess is so I can get myself a comfy seat to enjoy a full meal.  But at the same time I like how there is no pressure to make a decision.  Although maybe an information table or a bit more indication of direction would be nice?
Music - They have a good mix of music and as the night progresses it becomes more danceable music for those who want to dance and groove a little while they chill out.  The wait staff aren't lax nor too pushy; just the right amount of care and attention to you and your guests.  
SoleFood's menu is great; I love the selection and presentation.  Last time we went, we ordered from their prix fixe menu and although we were a little hesitant to veer away from the regular menu, we found that to be a very happy decision!  Try this place out; it will worth it!Maybe we shouldn't hit up a seafood restaurant for breakfast, even if it is in the bottom of our hotel.  But, it was raining in sheets, complete with lightning and thunder, and I didn't want to brave the streets to get to Mrs. K's.  
The decor is lovely, coffee was properly strong and they had fresh squeezed grapefruit juice.  That is where my positives end.  Our gentleman waiter was borderline rude, the breakfast potatoes were flavorless, and my water glass was never refilled.  I tried the scrapple (note: I think scrapple is disgusting, but I have no idea if that is the fault of the restaurant), he had a Crab Benedict that was edible, but not tasty.  And then the bill came.... $40? Goodness.Came here for a business meal / meeting and found that most of the people are doing the same thing as we are - negotiating or talking business.   
Our seafood appetizer was great with all type of seafood... but my order of short ribs were very dry and taste like leather.   
I don't think that I would come to this place for personal events (with friends or family) as the food was not that great.The atmosphere of Sole is nice but the food was not good at all. I ordered the Salmon for lunch and it was overlooked and my coworker ordered a Philly cheesesteak which she didn't enjoy. We chose this spot because it was located across the street from the Marriott. Overpriced and not good.I went here for a dinner date with the BF and it was nice! The interior was very trendy. They had a lot of clear vases filled with ornaments to show off some holiday spirit, too. There was also a very zen pebble on top of our napkin when we got seated. Cute.
The food was good! We shared the jumbo shrimp cocktail which came out very artistically - pairs of shrimp came out intertwined with each other. And they were massive. I had the seafood/fish fry (HUGE portions) that came with scallops, shrimp, skate and fish fillets. The sauce that came with it to dip in was very flavorful and added a nice balance to the sort of overwhelming fried-ness of my entree. We had a side of macaroni and cheese, too, that came lightly toasted on top which was pretty good as well.
Overall I'd give this place a 3.5 if I could... it was a little pricey though for what it was but maybe a nice try this place once in your lifetime sort of dining experience?I did not eat at this restaurant but I sat in the lounge area for a drink.  They have a great drink selection.  The server was awful and it took a long time to get our drinks.  The atmosphere is nice and relaxing.  I was very happy that they let me bring my dogs into the lounge part to hang out with us.  (I was staying at the hotel with my dogs)  SoleFood seems like a nice place to grab a drink after work.  The menu looked good and they had some great happy hour deals.I stayed at the hotel during a business trip, so I was alone - allowing me to take in more of the restaurant and the food.
Too bad.
It was Restaurant Week, which is always a hit-or-miss proposition (typically miss, as any staff will admit) but I couldn't resist trying out the best pre-plated fixed price menu the chef could offer.
The room was boring. Dark with oddly placed bright spots. The lounge area looked creepy, and the really long stand-up tables were odd. The bar seemed busy, but boring. Second rate hotel bar boring.
Tuna tar tare - not bad. A large portion of tuna, and served on a bed of cucumbers. Nice touch. Quite good. Four Stars.
Pistachio crusted halibut (I think it was halibut) - meh. Little pistachio flavor and the fish was dry. It's baked, and there is no excuse for a dry white fish like this. Tsk Tsk. Two stars, for the pretty presentation
Desert - something chocolate and semi-frozen and pre-plated. Not bad. Nothing spectacular, but nothing insulting. Three stars.
Cocktails were quite good. They typically are at the Lowe's Hotels. That's the only saving grace of this hotel chain. Four Stars for the cocktail creativity and mixology. Try a couple, variety is the spice of life.For a seafood restaurant in downtown center city, I would have liked better quality.  But then again, it is a hotel restaurant, so I've never been very fond of those.
It is an okay place to dine if you don't really know what you're in the mood for because dishes I've tasted there have been, well, tasteless.  However, for the price, I would not want to spend that much for a tasteless meal.
The ambiance is good, with a significant amount of openness, lighting, and music; but for me, that comes secondary to the food.
As a Philly local, I don't think it would be one of my top choices.  And if I were a visitor to the the city, it would not leave such a great impression on me.  For seafood in the Center City area, I probably would opt for McCormick and Schmick's for a better and  more scrumpcious meal!  Only a few blocks down, it's a good alternative, and the Mojitos are okay, as well.I had brunch at SoleFood while staying across the street at the Marriott.  Although the brunch menu is somewhat limited, we both found something satisfying to order.  I had the turkey club and substituted turkey bacon.  I ended up taking the meat out of the sandwich for the second half because the bread was a little overwhelming, but the sandwich was pretty delicious.  The accompanying potatio chips and potato salad were a little bland, but the sandwich could have stood on its own, to be honest.  I'd have prefered a small salad instead.  My dining companion had the sea bass and loved it.  It was in a cream sauce, which isn't my thing, but he raved.  We wanted to try the lobster and lump crab cake, but they were out.  The service was outstanding, though, and the decor was calming.  We'd definitely return.I'm not sure how I feel about this place.  I came down to Philly to visit a friend and we chose this place to eat for lunch/brunch.  This restaurant is attached to a hotel so the restaurant has a hotel restaurant feel.  It definitely seems like a place which might be more lively at night but during the day there was a lack of people and no hostess to greet us.
It took us a while for us to find someone to seat us and the person who finally did seat us made a slightly rude comment that we should have made it more apparent that we were waiting to be seated, even though we were standing right by the hostess stand the entire time.
Thankfully the waiter was someone different and he was pleasant and attentive.  I had the oatmeal brulee and a side of scrambled eggs and both were good. 
The dishes are reasonably priced while the food was of better quality but not sure I would come back.
Bread Starter Score: N/A. No bread served.Review only for the happy hour. Located in the Loews hotel, SoleFood boasts of a great happy hour.
Stayed at the Loews for 4 days for a conference. You definitely need a drink after being up since 5am discussing healthcare standards and lecturing about women's mental health. My fried brain needed some alcoholic nutrition towards the end of the day.
Day#1: Total 5 star experience. I sat in one of the couches, got great service, and enjoyed the drinks and food. $5 for specialty cocktails is a deal. My Benjamin was served in a martini glass with a generous serving of alcohol. One drink was enough to give me a buzz. The tuna tartare was perfect. $10 for a drink and appetizer is a sweet deal. The waitress was prompt with water refills. Great. I will go back the next day.
Day #2: A one star experience. 
I gloat to my friend that my hotel has the best happy hour. She decides to join me for drinks. We score seats on one of the long tables, wait, wait, and wait. No sight of a waitress. My friend decides she will go to the bar and get drinks. Alright then! Having had a great experience the evening before, I opt for the Benjamin and she orders a margarita. The drinks come in WINE glasses. What the eff? A margarita in a wine glass? I can understand if you are out of other glasses, but I saw plenty of martini and tall glasses sitting behind the bar counter. 
You may call me high maintenance, but I call it expecting proper service at a proper place. 
We get our drinks and come back to the table. Still no sign of a waitress. We decided to order another round of drinks. This time I tell my friend to sit down, because I was buying the second round. I go to the bar counter again, and ask for the same drinks. The bartender starts pouring the drinks in wine glasses again. I request to pour them in any glass besides a wine glass. No way in hell I am drinking a cocktail out of a wine glass. He looks at me like I have three eyes, but obliges and starts pouring the margarita in a MARTINI glass. That's fine, I will take it. Better than a wine glass. Then he starts pouring my Benjamin in a wine glass. Dude!!!! Really? What part of "I'll take my cocktails in anything but a wine glass" did you not understand? I refuse to take the wine glass and he tells me that that is all he has. NO! Don't lie to me. I see cases of martini and tall glasses behind you, don't tell me all you have is wine glasses. I tell him I will take one of the tall glasses right behind him. That is when he relented and gave my drink in a tall glass. 
Rule #1 of customer service: don't lie blatantly when the customer is in plain view of the truth. 
Who serves cocktails in a wine glass anyway... especially a margarita? Where did this bartender learn to tend bar?
Average of day 1 and day 2 makes this review a 3 star rating.I went here for New Years and loved it. LOVED it. I'm usually wary of "holiday" dinners at restaurants and especially on New Years Eve. But my meal was beautiful and delicious and the portions in my prix fixe meal were a perfect size (not teeny tiny). It was $150 for a four course dinner and 5 hour open bar which I thought was just perfect. They have a private bar in the dining area that is only open to those that pay for dinner so I didn't have to wait for drinks at all the whole night. ON NEW YEARS EVE!  You also get to keep your table all night, so if you get sick of dancing you have a place to crash. We'll definitely be heading back to Sole Food this year.With their really chill Jazz trio/quartet, terrific drink specials and delicious bar menu, where else would you go for happy hour?  I haven't found a tuna tartare that quite compares to SoleFood's.
The dinner menu is more on the pricey side, but you won't be dissatisfied with your meal.  Not only a delight for tastebuds and stomach linings, the dishes are visually stiumulating.  Service has always been good.Must first say that I did not eat here.
However, a few of us went to eat here. I was the only vegetarian. 
I asked the lady at the front  if they had any vegetarian options.
She simply threw the menu (yes, totally serious) at me, and asked me to look for myself.
We said "thank you" and left right away.
What a bunch of morons.
Welcome to Philadelphia eh? (my friends were visiting from the South of the country....what  a welcome at the very first place we went to!!).SoleFood was one of the best dining experiences I've ever had.  I stayed at the Loews hotel for a night and because of the mixed reviews was skeptical about whether or not the prices were worth paying.  My aunt and I decided to share a bunch of appetizers (perhaps too many..) and sit at the community bar tables.  We ended up ordering:
Cauliflower soup which had pancetta and scallops and ended up being one of the best things I've ever tasted in my life...
Seafood ravioli, very good, filled with a good amount of seafood
Jersey sea scallop salad - also very good
Side of brussel sprouts - super tasty and cooked perfectly
Short rib sliders - these were eh.  I had my heart set on the short rib pizza but they were out  of it :(
Some sort of caramel streusel cheesecake- we actually ordered this after the pastry chef had left so they brought us a piece of cheesecake and then when they realized they could still make it for us brought us the dessert we ordered so we ended up getting a free dessert.
Our server Candy was super accommodating.  My aunt and I ended up staying for about 3-4 hours.  We tried many of the specialty cocktails which I can't remember the names of.  One was called a Ben Franklin, another had lavender in it.  They were slightly weak but tasted good.  I preferred the orange cosmo Candy suggested.  At the end of the night our server brought us over 2 complimentary shots and said they were for "being good sports".  I'm not sure what she meant but who would refuse?  Side note:  DJ comes on around 10 and he played a perfect mix of old and new songs, my aunt (50) and myself (23) had an AWESOME time!Holy batshit man
You live in SF long enough and you become wary of ordering seafood in the "middle" of the country
Let this place be an argument for continuing to take those risks
The sea bass was one of the best ten fish dishes I've ever ordered
Best thing I've had this month
Most superlatively dinner ever
yumI was here about a month ago and have been slacking with writing this review. My favorite thing about the Lowe's is this restaurant. It is also where I met my current boyfriend almost 3 years ago on NYE so it has a special meaning. The service is great. I was excited to come back here as it has been awhile. I mentioned to the hostess that this is where I met my boyfriend. They brought us two complimentary glasses of champagne. It was completely unexpected and such a nice gesture. The bar here makes great drinks. And the food is so good. The tuna appetizer may be the best piece of raw tuna I ever had. I had the wild bass and it was cooked perfectly and practically melted in my mouth. My boyfriend had the chicken and it was also delicious. The ambiance of this place is very nice. It is a good place to go for a date, with friends or with colleagues. 
Our waiter was Jamal and he was absolutely excellent. Jamal is a real professional and is a great people person without being overly attentive to where it gets annoying. I've only had good experiences with the service here and Jamal is a real asset.
I heard that Sole Food is being remodeled in the near future and will have some changes to its menu. But if they keep the current cooks and wait staff, I am sure it will be excellent.I stayed @ the Loews for a work trip and the happy hour here can't be beat - $5 cocktails (and they were pretty strong) along with $5 apps (not large variety) is really a good deal and it's pretty cool inside. The Agave margarita was a bit too sweet but you can squeeze some of the lime in there and it's perfect. The tuna tartare was pretty sucky - not gonna lie, i love TT and get it everywhere, this portion was small and had too much red onion chopped up in it and the wonton chips were like tostitos rounds. However, something not on the $5 menu peaked my interest and so I ordered it: the lobster rolls. Wow. Honestly, the next night I hit up Morimoto for dinner and stopped in for a cocktail before going back to my room and took another order with me upstairs! Good stuff - great rolls, crispy too, and the chunks of lobster were awesome! Btw, the Tickled Pink is also a fine cocktail, a bit like a cosmo but with more flavor, and the drink with blackberries and blakberi vodka is super strong but a good choice as well - not sweet.
Really this should be 3 stars but b/c those lobster rolls were so awesome, I gave them an extra star :-)SoleFood is a beautiful venue, even for a hotel lounge.
I was last here for a birthday party. The dance floor handled a large crowd, the DJ was smooth, and several bars ensured easy access to drink. Efficient service, quick bartenders, good pours. Prices tended to be high, but that was expected.
During daytime hours, SoleFood is a restaurant. I'll be back for happy hour!Only went for two drinks, so this is not a reflection on the food. The space was stylish, waitress was nice, but the drinks weren't that exceptional. So if you're going for cocktails, you will probably do better for your money elsewhere... But that's not why you're coming here anyway. That said, the happy hour deals looked fairly decent.