This place needs to find its identity.  The decor is nice however there where various size stools at the table so the person you sat next to could very likely be two feet higher than you- weird.  Went on a Friday night and both of the saison tap beers where not available.  The happy hour special did not apply to the bottles of saison of course.  The music was interesting for the space- to say the least.  Restoration Hardware like decor with Mobb Deep as the music selection.  They won't be open for long unless the change and offer a more cohesive experience.My boyfriend and I tried them out during their soft opening. The space is beautiful! We had the poutine fries, arctic char and the roasted chicken. Our meals were delicious and the serving size was perfect. Everyone who interacted with us was welcoming and personable. We can't wait to try them out when the full menu is available, and apparently they'll be doing brunch too!Great place! The kind of more mature restaurant Manayunk is badly in need of. Good cocktails, nice menu options, and a cool vibe. Not sure about all the problems that the brunch bimbos seem to be having, but I had a lovely evening and will definitely be back!Went for an early dinner 530pm last night (Thursday), I'm impressed! The aesthetics of the place is beautiful, every detail connects. Came during happy hour (score!) so drinks were discounted. Lovely cocktail menu, there were 4 of us ladies dining and we each tried something different and enjoyed each one. We shared the Brussels & Bacon as an app and thoroughly enjoyed it. I had the scallops for my entrée and they were sheer perfection! Beautifully plated and cooked perfectly. I received 2 large scallops, so I could see why some people think the portions are a bit small but it was perfect for me! My friends all enjoyed their meals as well. I will most definitely be back to try other items on their dinner menu and hopefully one weekend I'll make it in for brunch!SOMO should be NOMO!!  The atmosphere/architecture of the place is awesome. The food is overwhelmingly disappointing and the service is absolutely disgusting. The waiter was an equal opportunity Grinch that shouldn't be in the front of the house at all!! The 2  stars are for the architecture. One thing I should NEVER hear from a waiter to a customer is "I don't know what to tell you". You may be in the wrong profession  if this is your response to a customer coming to patronize your establishment. My woman and I had the chicken and waffle "sandwich" and parmesan wings. Cole slaw should not be on the same plate with "hot" waffles. If wanting to serve the cole slaw in the future, I suggest putting it on the side. When a  customer asksfor a "Coke" or "Pepsi", it would be helpful to let them know what KIND of sodas, pop, whatever you carry upfront. That's called Good Customer Service. This place for the architecture alone has great potential. Personnel  changes/restructuring are essential though........I Love Somo!! My fiancé and I have been there numerous times and the food and drinks never disappoint! Ryan the bartender is amazing! He makes the best signature drinks. The manager John always makes us feel welcomed. It's always a great time when we visit. The late night happy hour is a must. The vibe, scenery and the staff will have you coming back for more!!Had the short rib sandwich and it was really great. The roasted Brussels sprouts were good and had a nice flavor with the bacon that was in the dish.Restaurant, ambiance and "scene" great.   Food and alcohol choice sucks.  2 horrible choices of red wine.   And the shrimp and grits FAR from it.  The mac and cheese had no flavor and Arctic char was farm salmon.  Hopefully they get things together because this will not last. Not going to come back for at least 2 months to give them time.  Has promise.  Totally failing at the moment.Had the new brunch menu at SOMO that just started on Saturday! Was super unsure what to get so I went with the bartenders recommendation of the Farcous! It was so good! Loved the Swiss chard pancake. Only gave it a 4 because I wasn't a big fan of the choice of lettuce for the side salad or the Dijon yogurt, so I was still hungry when I left. Would be great if they mixed up the side !This is one of the best spots on Main Street (one of the only)! The staff is always beyond friendly, warm, and welcoming. The cocktails are on point, the draft list is excellent. Their food can be a little pricey but it always comes out delicious. Don't miss this gem. It stands well above the other choices on Main Street!Service was good considering we were the only ones at the restaurant. Lobster Mac and cheese was runny and not much flavor. The calamari was nothing special. The flatbread was basically pita with jam and the pulled pork was dry. Thankfully the fries were good.Great atmosphere, but the food was underwhelming and overpriced.  Half of the oxtail in our cuban sandwich was hard as a rock.  Couldn't taste the truffle in our truffle grilled cheese.  The menu says they they use house made pickles but when I complimented them to the manager, he said they weren't house made...Amazing brunch menu! Great drink specials!  I loved the restaurant too, it was a fun atmosphere.  Will definitely be going backMy daughter and I tried SOMO last night and it was overall a great place. Very friendly staff and our server, Lexie was wonderful. Not a problem for them to switch things around from their menu to suit our tastes. My daughter had a great salmon dinner and was very happy with it. I opted for the hangar steak with mushrooms and zucchini carpaccio. Steak was done perfect and it was delicious. Panne cotta for dessert was excellent with fresh berries, a pleasant meal topper. My only regret was their extremely small oysters. They were a definite disappointment, as oysters are a favorite of mine. Everything else was so great I can overlook the one and only faux pas. Very enjoyable evening and will definitely return.We came here for brunch a few days ago, and had a very mixed experience. We were a group of 4 and 3 of us decided to do bottomless mimosas for $18, while one of us decided to do just 1 mimosa. At first it was interesting because our waitress (who was super nice) poured the bottomless and the single mimosa from different pitchers, but we didn't think much of it. Then soon after we were done with our mimosas she came over and said that they had run out of prosecco, since the person that had gone out to grab more was stuck in traffic. The menu is kind of small but has amazing options and we had a very hard time narrowing down our options. The food we ordered was great. I got their avocado toast with smoked salmon, and really enjoyed it. The pieces of salmon were very little though, and the taste of it kind of disappeared among the other ingredients.  My boyfriend got the steak and eggs, and still hasn't stopped talking about it. Good size piece of steak, and he got 2 which seemed to be a little overcooked. 
The prosecco arrived after about 20 minutes, after which we got a few more refills of our bottomless mimosas and then headed out. The strange thing is that about an hour after we had al left we were all sitting talking about the brunch we had just had and realized that none of the three people that had gotten bottomless mimosas felt even a slight tiny little buzz. When I thought back to it, I had consumed at least five (and I am a lightweight) and had not felt the slightest thing. At the same time my boyfriend, who had ordered a single mimosa, said that when he had finished his he could feel a little kick. The food was good, the service was good as well, the only issue is the fact that maybe the bottomless mimosas are also alcohol-less.DELICIOUS cocktails and very trendy/comfortable atmosphere. Definitely plan to go back for dinner soon!Cocktails were fabulous and the staff was SO kind and fun. Will definitely be back when I come to visit my friends in ManayunkI took my grandmother here for a birthday brunch. I was very impressed with the menu. So many good things to pick from. My table got the chicken and waffles, Seared salmon BALT, and the salmon rillette. Everything was delicious. All of the staff were friendly and the restaurant itself is super cute.I've been here for drinks and dinner with my boyfriend as well as happy hour with friends. This place is great! I'm not sure why it doesn't have higher stars. The ambience and staff are wonderful. The cocktails and very good ...especially Respect Your Elders. I get it every time. I've only eaten here once but the food was delicious. Looking forward to returning again soon especially when  I'm the mood for a yummy cocktail!A true cocktail bar was what was missing in Manayunk. The ambiance is great plus their music selection always makes my experience. Their craft cocktails won't disappoint and their beer selection is noteworthy especially for those that appreciate stouts and porters like I do. The burger is a must for meat lovers. 
Staff is very friendly.. shoutout to Max who always makes myself and my guests feel right at home when we pop up to the bar.Outstanding food !!  The scallop dish, and the shrimp & grits, were 5 Stars.  Looking for excuse to go back.Wanted to try something new for lunch so me and the bestie picked a random place in Manayunk.  I enjoyed the swanky look of the restaurant in contrast with the simplicity of the clipboard menu.  It is a smaller place so I imagine it's kind of a tight squeeze when there's a crowd; but this is the only downside I could see about dining here.  
The prices weren't crazy either.  I had the nuts and berries salad (delicious and filling) and the lobster mac &a cheese.  Both dishes were very good and less than $40.  I would definitely come back; hopefully for brunch as I was eyeing the crab cake Benedict.Those looking for a too-cool-for-school brunch who don't mind marginal service, step right up. For a Mother's day Sunday brunch with toddler in tow (reservation in advance), the server appeared to hung over to notice us for 15 min until we called her over to take our order.  Ordered "Two eggs any style", asked for hard-boiled and were initially told the kitchen couldn't do them (too hard!?). Also no skim milk for coffees (had 2%) which were delivered without teaspoons to stir it anyway. Hard-boiled eggs finally arrived with runny yolks. Original server disappeared (for a nap?) fortunately another was on hand to bring the check. But despite these issues, the place has a pleasant vibe, the food was tasty and in health-conscious (i.e. small) portions and the total bill for two was $33, pretty reasonable. If the service makes a quantum leap forward it may survive.I was pleasantly surprised by how lovely my brunch experience was here this past weekend. We were a group of four and walked in around 1pm without a reservation, about half the tables were taken.
The menu is not large but has great variety and it was hard to decide as everything sounded delicious. 
I ordered the shakshuka and it was on par with what I had in Israel this past summer! My bf had the French toast which was so flavorful and our family had the falafel which looked so good. We shared the Brussels sprouts as an appetizer and they were perfect (who doesn't love bacon with your Brussels?) 
Portions were large and they even brought out complimentary croissants which were great and such a nice touch.  
Our server was so nice and we really had no extra requests as waters were always refilled consistently. We spent a long time catching up after paying and did not feel rushed at all. 
I do see what others are saying about the small size/closeness of tables but it did not affect our experience so they still deserve 5 stars in my book!First things first. This is a cute place in a great location on the Main Street drag. 
Now that we've got that out of the way, let's talk about brunch. Specifically the avocado toast... One word: NO. First of all, the "toasted country bread" was about the size of the tiny, bite-sized bruschetta you'd typically find passed around as hor d'oeuvres at a reception. The "avocado" was a thin layer of green paste. No chunks of avocado to be found. The "smoked salmon" was as thin as a sheet of paper. I was honestly offended that they even put that on the table in front of me and thought I'd pay $14 for it. The coffee maker was so slow that the coffee we ordered never came...  The only good thing about Somo's brunch yesterday, Oct 1 was the delightful and sunny waitress, Tess. She's the ONLY reason that I gave this place 2 stars. Skip this place for brunch. Trust me, you can do better.Came here on a Sunday for brunch. Looks cool on the inside. The scrambled eggs were good. The bloody Mary was a little plain; slightly on the weak side; couldn't taste the alcohol as much.This is an amazing place! Max makes an AMAZING old fashioned cocktail and Ryan was very friendly too! Recommend for a night out with the girls or a night cap! Or a meal, the food is great too!My new favorite place in Manayunk. They have a lot of beers option and mixed drinks as well. Brunch is always so fresh and delicious. Bottomless mimosa for $18! Can't beat that.Nice, cozy spot.  Great casual date ambience.  Nice food selection, relatively reasonably priced.  Wines by the glass were pricier than they needed to be.  Service was efficient.Came here for a simple date night since we live in Roxborough. Some of the negative reviews seemed pretty specific and the place always looks packed to us so we thought it would be worth a visit. 
We ordered the lobster Mac n Cheese which was prepared very well and delicious, but could have used some more lobster. Besides that, everything was perfect. 
My wife ordered the burger and I got the Salmon B.A.L.T.  Both were fantastic! Huge portions, excellent fries and really tasty bun. The Aioli on the Salmon was great. My favorite part of the B.A.L.T. was the deliciously cooked Salmon, but the bacon was also fantastic, thick cut and cooked with some kind of glaze. So good! The burger had two patties and my wife could only eat half of it. She loved it.
In terms of service, it was very simple and effective.  They had our table marked for us and quickly got us seated. Our drinks never got below half-filled but the wait-staff never interrupted our date to it. Very professional and effective. In my opinion the best dining experiences are when the wait staff seem to disappear and you can focus on the people you're out with. This was definitely our experience and we will be coming back!amazing brunch!!!!!! Everything was fabulous!! Def a must try in Manayunk! My fiancé had the chicken and waffles and I had the short rib Benedict and both were absolutely fabulous!! Everything came out cooked to perfection, the waitress was attentive, friendly, and well versed on the menu! From beginning to end it was an amazing experience!Really great!  Very cool atmosphere and excellent food.  I had the shrimp and grits and the other three in my group had variations of the Buddha Bowl.  We all loved it.  Highly recommended!Food and drinks are awesome! If you don't know what to drink the bartender will make you a specialty drink!SOMO has a great menu with TASTY options. Good mix of classics and new twists. Went for brunch and got a good spicy Bloody Mary. Started with Brussels w/ bacon, and then split the shrimp and grits and short rib Benedict. The shrimp and a grits is a lot of grits with a decent amount of shrimp. Very filling but happy I split since so rich. The Short Rib Benedict was WILD. Quality meat, egg, and hollandaise. The fries were out of this world. Came home with leftovers and very happy to have them later.Nice decor and a great venue for dinner and drinks. The draft list is extensive and they carry a wide array of craft beers. 10/10 will definitely be coming back.Went on a double date on a random week night to Somo -- first time and it was incredible.  our waitress was super friendly and helpful.  The food was delicious, we had poutine, lobster mac n cheese, the bean burger, and chicken and waffles.  Everyone in my party left perfectly full and satisfied! I will definitely be back and I want to try brunch soon!I think this is probably the best bar in Manayunk for drinks and beer. Their food is always very good too. Few bars do all 3 well. I don't know who picks their beer selection, but it is always good and always new. Many other bars have a variety of craft beers but this bar always has the best and rarer selections. Their cocktails are also very good and have variety. The atmosphere is modern. The service is friendly. The happy hour specials are amazing and they have it twice a day. My only complaint is that happy hour is only an hour long.Great brunch!! We were so happy with the service and food, it was delicious. The place itself is very cute I lived the design & I feel like the only brunch in the area that wasn't BYOB they had the mimosas ready (18$ not including entree).Cute little spot in Manayunk! Had the shrimp and grits and Wings! Finger licking good! People were great! Great selection of tap beers too!Love this place for brunch! Their cocktails are fantastic! Be sure to try the chicken and waffles- it's really good. 
Honestly everything I've had here has been great. Service is always quick and the staff are super friendly. The ambiance is also really nice. Definitely working on becoming a regularI've been here for drinks and dinner with my boyfriend as well as happy hour with friends. This place is great! I'm not sure why it doesn't have higher stars. The ambience and staff are wonderful. The cocktails and very good ...especially Respect Your Elders. I get it every time.  We've come for both restaurant week as well as happy hour and for dinner. Please come! The manager is amazing and the service is fantastic. We will definitely be continuing to return!!Lovely place! Very chill vibes. A magician, Scott Xavier, came in and he did a great job at entertaining my friend and I while we came in for drinks. He was great at conversation and lovely to have around. The bartenders were cool tooIt opened 'softly' in April or so; we stumbled onto its official Grand Opening on a recent Thursday night. The SOMO name is a combo of that of owner James' daughter 'Sophia' and their surname, 'Morrissey'. He's a restaurant designer and has used all of his best ideas here, showcasing the original 19th century stone walls, tin ceiling, reclaimed wood and new marble, giving SOMO an industrial/clubby/library look. 
     Cuisine is considered American, with traditional dishes served up with creative twists and tweaks. That's thanks to chef Allen, onetime kitchen-magician at the fabulous Peter Shields Inn in Cape May. Our table ordered the beet salad, which had a delicious cucumber/honey dressing with pistachios and huge chunks of red and yellow beets. We also chose two of the night's specials: a deconstructed meatball sandwich dish, rare-in-the-middle-by-design with a terrific mixture of high end beef, veal and pork. I recommend highly.  The diver scallops dish was another one of our choices- if offered again, you'll want to try. 
     I was worried that being new, service would drag - but, Diana was "on it". Not only was she efficient and friendly, she was practically psychic about what we needed. We were having a family celebration and therefore, didn't skimp on the booze so our total bill was about $130 - but, if you behave yourself, your check will be much less. It wasn't listed on Open Table to make a reservation so I called directly instead. I highly recommend SOMO for the design, food and great crew.LOVE IT!! Amazing cocktails, food & décor! Great place for date night..
The crowd was very good looking, which doesn't hurt. Definitely my new spot :)Ambiance..Amazing, Food....Amazing, Music..Amazing... New favorite place in Manayunk.Awesome Buddah bowl. No kale but arugula substitution perfect. Scallops perfect. Clean place great serviceGoing to make this a quick review while it's fresh in my memory. 
Pros:
- Good cocktails, but the prices have gone up a couple dollars. The pictures of the $9 cocktails no longer exist. 
- Great fries, soft on the inside, crisp on the outside
- Nice ambiance and decor. Food seems to be plated for a fancier place, but the atmosphere is still casual. 
- Crab salad w/ smoked salmon and wasabi tobiko was refreshing.  
Cons: 
- Short rib poutine lacked the gravy and the short rib was dry
- Stack burger was dry and the bun was too dense and cold for my liking. I would've prefered a thicker patty and cooked medium rare. The egg was cooked to perfection though.
- Service was pretty good. Check-ins were done and water was filled promptly. I just wished our waitress would've spent less time on her phone especially during the times I did need something. 
I'd come back probably just for the drinks alone until the food is tweaked a bit, but it wouldn't be a place I could frequent a few times a week.We came without a reservation which ended up being fine because we got a seat at the bar. Had a glass of wine and the chicken lettuce wrap appetizer for my meal. They were great! The food came fast and overall had a good experience.One of the slowest services ever, even despite it being empty. Food was mediocre and the shrimp and grits smelled of rotting seafood and ammonia. So many better options in this area, save your money and piece of mind and stay clear of this place.I have eaten here multiple time and it has never disappointed me! Staff is friendly, food is fantastic, and the drink menu has something for everyone.  I have worked my way through most of the specialty cocktail and have liked them all!  Wednesday night had dinner with friends and my steak was perfectly done.  The menu has rotated and the new appetizers we sampled (chicken lettuce wraps and calamari) had their own style with a great flavor.  Would definitely recommend.great new bar in manayunk. they have a new staff that is still getting used to it but they admit to their mistakes. owner gave me a free shot of patron for graduating college and talked to us for a couple of minutes. great place and their late night happy hour is a dealAbsolutely outstanding beer list! (My two favorite Belgiums, La Chouffe and Triple Karmeliet were once nearly impossible to find outside of Monks in the city). Went for dessert and drinks. The Sweet Potato Donuts are enormous - crunchy on the outside, doughy and soft on the inside. Great dipping sauce. Very friendly staff. Definitely going back!This place has a lot of potential but some major kinks to still be worked out. My family and I stopped for brunch and were pleasantly surprised to be quickly accommodated for a reservation of 11 people. The ambiance of the restaurant is great- the fixtures are beautiful and the design is sleek and modern. The menu is not expansive but still provides a range of options and well priced.
We were disappointed to find that many things on both the drinks and food menus were out of stock or unavailable. Two of the beers listed on tap were out by the time we ordered (around 1pm) as well as three of the menu items (salmon BTL, chicken and waffles, and the Cuban sandwich). 
The biggest issue of the experience was that the food took an absurdly long time to be made/served. After over an hour had passed, they finally brought out a single dish (a simple beet salad). Five minutes later a few more dishes came out and about 10-15 minutes after that, the remaining few dishes were served. Those who received their food first were well done eating before some others had even gotten their plates. What was upsetting is no one in the wait or kitchen staff seemed bothered by this/apologized for the wait and unorganized service. Also noteworthy is that we were the only customers in the restaurant at this point 
The abismal speed of service was somewhat reconciled by how delicious the food was. I had the green pea veggie burger which was incredible. Other highlights were the stack burger and the crab eggs benedict. The beet salad and truffle grilled cheese were both a bit of a disappointment to those who ordered them. 
I hope this place can work on these issues because, as I said before, there is a lot of potential and the food is good! Just don't go here if you're in any sort of a rush.My husband and I decided to try it out and honestly we were underwhelmed. The SOMO burger came out well done and it was 2 skinny patties - meh. We ordered the brussel sprouts as well and there were basically 3 sprouts cut in half with chunks of bacon mixed in. Not terrible, but expensive for what you get. 
We may give it another chance, but probably not for a while. P.s. I miss Rubb!Came here for the first time for brunch. I love the atmosphere. Although two small parties came in after us and both were served before us. The wait for food was awfully long and the waitress never bothered to apologize or reassure us that it would be out soon. 
I got the eggs Benedict with crab cake. Very tasty but dry, the eggs were overcooked and not runny like they should be. Most likely will not be back.Went to Soma on Sunday for Brunch. The food was great but the coffee? Yikes! Get a new blend, a new brand, a new roaster - something. Nasty. Even had them make a fresh pot because the first cup was so awful. It helped a tiny bit. No one at our table could finish their cup. But really - Brunch without good coffee? Doesn't work for me.I can't say enough good about this place right now. I will update this review later (yes I know that's lame, I apologize) but this is a top-notch place (great food, great service, unbelievable prices, excellent beer list, fun cocktails, etc.) that I look forward to telling you more about when I update this post.SOMO is such a cute little restaurant. Loved its flair. The waitresses were super nice. My husband wanted to drink Yuengling. They didn't have it but instead came with two little glasses of beer for him to try similar tasting beer. We came for the late night happy hour drinks between 10-11pm. I found the drinks still a little expensive (I had a cucumber vodka drink with ginger beer and it was $8 instead of $11) but for the atmosphere and service I feel like it's justified. We had pizza bread with our drinks and later decided to share a brownie with cream. That brownie was soooooo tiny  I cried laughing. And it was $8. That's also the reason they only get 4 stars. So again. It's pricey but still a nice little spot for dates. I'll be back!!Everything about this place is amazing.  staff A++, ambiance A++, Food A+++.  My new favorite spot in ManayunkI live in the neighborhood and gave this restaurant a second try. I went for brunch when the restaurant first open. My first visit was not great as it took 15 min to get coffee and the service was slow and disorderly. I figured that was them working out the system.
Last night I went for drinks and firsts on a beautiful evening. The staff was very friendly. The food presentation was terrible across the board and the food was mediocre. The cheese plate had pistachios that were not fresh and chunks of cheese that were oddly chopped and one piece not edible. The bread was fat white toast that made no sense. The hummus was not good and had the same white toast. We also ordered a beef appetizer that was thrown together with cheese and fries. The presentation made me feel that the chef did not care. All the n all not a satisfying visit. 
I gave 2 stars because the drink was good on a beautiful night.A great place to start your night in Manayunk, especially for a few drinks and an appetizer. They have a great Saturday happy hour, which includes half off bottles and cans. The lemon-flavored wings were just right. Their main entrees were appeasing but haven't stayed to try any yet. There's no reason this place shouldn't be mobbed - don't miss out on their specials.Stopped by for a small bite and cocktail Saturday. Liked the feel of the bar area and hostess very nice. The good; ordered an old fashion which was done very well. My wife had a single malt that was generously poured. The bad; her red beet salad for $11 had 4 tiny pieces of beet and was missing the goat cheese. Maybe the worst value purchase we've ever made. My donut & ice cream desert was not a donut as much as it was a hard, solid meatball of fried dough on top of vanilla ice cream. Again, not well done and so easy to do right. We might stop back when they get their act together but so many other solid places to go in the city. Disappointing.Favorite dinner spot in Manayunk! The food is always amazing and I am always shocked at the great prices!What a welcome addition to Main Street. Their drink selection is great- the Ginger Rodgers was one of the best cocktails I've had in a while. Not too sweet, not too sour- deliciously right. Their draft list is impressive with no shortage of solid options. For dinner we had the Arctic char and the chicken. Portions are definitely on the smaller side but as they should be. This place is quality over quantity. Every bite was perfection. The Arctic char had the most amazing salty, crispy skin paired with velvety, perfectly cooked fish. The chicken was juicy and flavorful with delicious potatoes and onions. The presentation is beautiful and makes you appreciate every bite. Our service was great from start to finish. The hostess welcomed us warmly and our server was friendly and attentive. You would never guess that they just opened- if there are any kinks being worked out, they hide it well. The restaurant itself is beautiful with so many unique and local touches. It is definitely on the smaller side and a bit tight for large groups or children- but great for a date night. We can't wait to come back and try out some more of the great drink and menu options.The service was horrible. Over an hour wait for avocado toast and an omelette. Neither was very good. Save your time and go elsewhere.Great atmosphere! Chicken and waffles @ brunch were amazing. Oh and great Happy Hour menu too. Solid place to hang out on Main Street!This place looks super nice at first glance, but when you try to get to your seat you realize how TIGHT the layout here is. Servers and customers bump you left and right since the walkway is the width of one leg. I literally felt like I was seated on economy airplane the whole meal, having to get up whenever the stranger behind me needed to leave, maneuvering around to make sure I don't knock someone's drink. Needless to say, this joint is NOT handicap friendly. 
Food is also mediocre. $6 Swedish meatballs for happy hour, but I don't think the chef knows what Swedish meatballs are because it tasted like regular meatballs. Sorry chef, IKEA does them better. 
Servers also seemed new, as she kept putting her bare palms straight on the clean plates she brought over... I don't even know why? 
Overall, we took our parents here and we're a little embarrassed about it. Sorry, parents!!Really poor sevice is the motto here. During "restaurant week" they had ONE server for the inside and outside. We had a drink order taken wuickly though and the bartender informed me that they had run out of sweet vermouth so she couldnt make a Manhatten. After waiting for another 10 minutes I had to ask her if she could take our order. Food service was slow. Had a crabcake eggs benedict which were barely warm when I got them. Awful experience.We were here for their soft opening, and were blown away by the ambiance. Unfortunately the dishes we ordered were underwhelming , especially at the price-point. But they're new, so we're thinking they're still working out the kinks. 
The best dish we ordered was the mushroom mac and cheese.  Asked for a medium rare burger that came out well done and the salad was essentially just large pieces of watercress and some beets.. and an almost non-existent dressing. The big easy cocktail felt like it was missing something and wasn't up to par for the amount it cost. 
We may go back but probably not until they got more traction.Best food in Manayunk! The drinks are delicious and the service was great. The crest Caeser salad was to die for! I will come back Everytime I'm in yunk.Went to dinner here with three other people. Waited 15 minutes for our waitress to come to our table, then we proceeded to wait 25+ minutes for our drinks. Our apps came before we even got our drinks. I ordered the petite steak and it was cold when it arrived. Very poor service. The ambiance is nice, but will not be coming back due to their poor customer service and average food. A truly missed opportunity.Last night was my first night at SOMO but it definitely won't be my last!
The ambiance here was amazing. The décor is reminiscent of a classic speakeasy with accents of a vintage book store. The menu was very thorough having offerings for meat eaters as well as vegetarians, but the highlight is definitely their cocktail menu. 
We started with the mussels for an appetizer and I have to say I was dissapointed. The flavor of the broth was overwhelmed with burnt onion, and therefore lacked any substance. Although discouraged, I waited for my main course to prove me wrong about their cuisine and it did! 
I opted for something lite, the scallop risotto while my friend ordered something rich and savory the chicken and waffles. My risotto was cooked perfectly and the scallops were plump and lightly seared making them perfectly tender and flavorful. It's drizzled with a sweet citrus vinigarette that a was a delightful surprise. 
Finally, cocktails! Their cocktail list was incredible. Such a detailed wide array of cocktails that you won't find anywhere else in Manayunk. The Respect Your Elderflowers - try it and I promise you won't be disappointed.Been here a few times so far now, twice for dinner and once for drinks.  I'd have to say that the atmosphere reminds me of a center city feel but still has a manayunk flair, which is good. The beer list does not disappoint, so that's a plus. The signature drinks are on point too. The food is pretty good, small plates, you should give the shrimp and grits a try.Great place for brunch and fantastic service!!! The food was super fresh and well prepared. Highly recommend the lobster Mac and cheese, avocado toast, and brioche French toast bananas foster. Our waitress Elle was awesome!Nice new gastropub with reasonable price:
Pros:
1. Food tasted really good at this price range. We ordered SOMO burger and green pea burger and we were not disappointed. 
2. Good (not great, compare to some other pub in this area and center city) beer selection
3. ALL 24 beer on tap are half price on happy hour is really a steal. Probably it's the opening promotion?
Cons:
1. We ordered 2 cocktails. To be honest, it's far from good. The bartender is barely familiar with the ingredient and protocol. He is very nervous all the time. Many waiters do not know their place to stay. Many of them just gather together and chatting when nobody needs to be served.
2. Firstly, we want to order CUBAN because the braised oxtail really intrigued my curiosity. However, as a new restaurant, and we arrived around 5pm, they told us they were run out of ingredient of this dish. What can I say...
Anyway, I give it 3.5 stars. Probably gonna try it again if they properly train their crew.Great atmosphere! A good variety of selection of beer on tap! Service is good.  Dry rub chicken wings are by fat my favorite.  Steak and burger taste funky; I'm sure if you ask them they would say it's beef.  Mussels are not fresh.  I really wish the food quality could be as good as it tries to be.My 2 friends and I heard there were bottomless mimosas so we were automatically sold this Sunday!! We walked in to the small, rustic themed restaurant and were immediately in love. We were greated by a sweet waitress that took us to our seat promptly (and gave us the brunch menu because it's available until 4 PM for all of us late Sunday Funday-ers!) I am usually set on one thing I find on the menu but I found a few options I was in between. My one friend and I both got short rib benedict and the other, lobster and crab mac and cheese. We were all thrilled by our food! There were good portions and they were all filling. BUT MY FAVORITE PART!!! Bottomless mimosas for $18/person until 4! Our glasses were never empty! The service was amazing (Kevin), very knowledgeable and attentive. We will be back next weekend with more friends!!!Worst service ever. Food came out cold. Would not recommend going. It's a shame. It's beautiful inside.I went to this place for brunch and wow so overpriced for mediocre food! The piece of bread they gave us did not have absolutely no taste. I got the steak and eggs, I asked for the steak to be cooked medium and what I got was rare. Never again.Went for dinner. Small place, but a lot of bar seating. Great cocktails. Good beer list; their keg of stone enjoy by kicked, so got almost a full glass on the house. Foie gras (special), sweetbreads (special), Brussel sprouts, burrata, and bread pudding all amazing--especially the sweetbreads. A little loud when full, but would happily come back ANYTIME.