Always wanted to try this place, so I went for lunch today.  Good sandwich.  Too bad the size of the steak was very, very, very small.  I felt like I was eating a mini cheesesteak.  Now I am still hungry and have to go find something else to eat.  Not worth $9.  Not even close.  You might be able to  get away with charging tourists that, but not me.  NEVER AGAIN.  Rip-off.BEWARE of the young tall skinny Hispanic girl with glasses and a bun that works there. Went on a Saturday evening and she tried to sabotage my order to no avail while I had my 1 year old in tow.
As my husband was on line waiting to order I asked her if there was a changing station. She told me no and was not nice about it so I walked off seemingly annoyed. Guess she didn't like the attitude back. 
As we were on line she was playing some staring contest with me from afar and when it came time for us to order, she coincidentally jumps back on the register. She was speaking Spanish to her colleagues and made very obvious eye contact to them referring to us with a smirk on her face. She definitely wanted me to know she was up to something. Very angry individual. Pathetic I might add. 
After we order and wait for our food, she specifically asks me which order number I had. No one else. Just mine. She was definitely out to get me. Get our food and realize it's not what we ordered. We ordered a regular cheesesteak and she gave us chicken and paid for the chicken one. Sorry but the joke's on you. You just wasted one of your sandwiches and we ended up paying less for a Philly cheesesteak. Thank you for that. 
In reading other reviews like mine, this may be the same person that other Yelpers were referring to. Someone like this is bad for business (and Philly) and I can't be a patron at a place that I can't trust to not tamper with my food depending on your mood or attitude and therefore will not be returning. 
What a shame because with all the competition out there, you'd think you want customers back but it's not worth the trip back due to your unprofessional, immature workers that have a lot of growing up to do.Did not disappoint! Got the "classic" with cheese wiz and grilled onions. Awesome!  Highly recommended.Spend a pretty fair amount of time in Philly so never miss a chance to grab a cheesesteak when I am visiting.  This is a small place with a counter and a handful of tables. Orders go really quickly so even with the line I had my sandwich in 5 minutes. I got the standard steak with wiz and onions. It was good but not the best I have had in philly. Serviceable place but I am going to try some of the others in the area. Another reviewer mentioned getting hassled for money inside the store; there is a pretty big homeless problem in philly and i hate to see people in need but when I went there was a guy holding the door and you had to tell him no before you could get in. My guess is there are people who don't want to deal with that.After a night of partying in Old City, there's no better place to go for some 2AM bites than Sonny's. They use the classic Amoroso rolls for their cheesesteaks, so you always get a good sandwich. The bacon cheese fries are another great late-night staple. They definitely don't skimp on the whiz. Seating is ample, too, so it's great if you have a big group of friends.Didn't fill my expectations, I like to try local food everywhere I go, but this time I regretted. The taste is flat and overprice. I will never try it againBest cheesesteaks in the area!  Wiz Wit!This gets five stars for its food but that cashier girl was an absolute wreck she was Rooter as in the rudest thing in the dictionary when you see rude in the Encyclopedia her face shows up I took some pictures place is bomb go there for food but when Miss rude had pink hair talks to you she will be rude so pay her no respectWhen in Philly a steak is required. Got the cheese steak with provolone cheese and no onions. I probably should have gotten it with onions through. It was slightly dry, but overall pretty good!Disgusting. I ordered a chicken cheese steak and it was roasted chicken with wiz and onion? Huh?Excellent cheesesteaks and service. My mother-in-law is allergic to pepper, and they cleaned their grill to accommodate us.Quiet lil cheese steak joint nestled under the  fluffy comforter of old city. Best cheese steak in philly hands down. "You can't beat our meat"The wait was a tad long but certainly well worth it. The cheesesteak we got was beyond any of my expectations.  Literally,  since I had never had one before.  The meat seemed to be very lean and the cheese wasnt disgustingly oily as I expected. Everything was just right and melted in your mouth. The bread was soft and the combination of flavors hit every note. I did think the fries were a bit dry but certainly not the reason I came there so I'm not too upset.
The service was top notch too at the register. It takes a while to get there but the woman at the register was super friendly, joking around and helping those who might be having a hard time making a decision. One of the cooks made me some extra onion when I brouggt it to their attention that the onion was missing from my order.
Considering the tight quarters the place seemed very clean although I did not visit the bathroom so can't say anything about that.
Overall, I enjoyed mu visit,  thank you Sonny!Sooooo good!! Definitely exceeded my " original Philly cheesesteak" expectations! Great size, great price. Line wasn't long and the food came out quick!Regretted it later but at the time it was a great philly cheese steak. Go all out with the cheez whizReally good cheese steaks. unfortunately, you pay for anything "extra" like sauce, ranch dressing, etc. They have them with pepperoni which I've never seen before and my kids love them with bacon. I tried mine with bacon, which was undercooked. surprising because the bacon cheese fries were superb and had crunchy bacon!I'm only giving 3 BC my cheese steak was a tad dry. I got it w provolone and grilled onions, the meat tasted great and bread was really good. But not enough cheese or grilled onions. I would go back and get extra cheese as well as onions.Also on Alan Richman's list of 10 Best Cheesesteaks in Philadelphia, I stopped into Sonny's toward the end of my trip. Ironically, it's a few doors down from Campo's (which I didn't actually get to try). Very soft rolls, big savory coarsely chopped juicy (not oily) beef, Whiz with. Great balance of cheese/meat/onion/roll. Didn't have a chance to return, but it was quite a satisfying meal.I can't actually rate the food, because I walked out without ordering because the employees (one woman in particular) were unbelievably rude. I would rather eat an average sandwich and support nice people.I have literally just finished eating at Sonny's and me and my friend CANNOT stop raving about this food. I ordered the bacon cheesesteak sandwich and I am blown away. This place is not only clean, but the personnel are kind and sweet. I will always come here and enjoy its signature food.Decent, nice staff but no free drink refills. Loosen up already.Great steaks,  and authentic Philly vibe.  Get it classic (cheese whiz),  or with provolone,  but don't forget the grilled onions!Pretty good cheesesteak, and it was cool to see them slicing the meat right at the counter before cooking on the grill.  I did not find there to be a very long wait when  I was there...service moved quickly and efficiently through the line.  Not a lot of places to sit, as it was crowded, but by the time I was one ordering a place opened up at one of the single seats.  Beef was flavorful, and good amount of onions on as well.  Sonny's is located in a pretty touristy area so I am sure it can get crowded at times.  I didn't try any of the sides, but I would definitely go back!Ordered a steak with provolone and bacon and it was good
Once again the meat is not my favorite
They were nice and fast in here
Liked the big cherry peppers in a jar you could take
We toured Betsy Ross house then came here 
We took Amtrak from nyc this morning then saw the Liberty BellWe had our first cheesesteak ever at Sonny's and it was wonderful. We opted for the classic with the cheese whiz, onions, meat and bun. It was wonderful! 
Their fries are great as well - perfect in size and frying.
The best thing about our visit was the young lady at the cash register. She had a smile for every customer she helped and it truly looked like she was enjoying her job. With some of the counter people who you encounter today in fast food restaurants, most of which can't even get a complete sentence out with out using "like" or "you know what I mean" it was a wonderful experience to have this young lady help us! She is a great asset to Sonny's
If you're looking for a quiet place for lunch this isn't it. If you are looking for a great sandwich with great and fast service take your place in line and wait to be amazed!This place was GRRRRRREAT!!! East coast vibe without the sh%tty attitude. Friendly, busy yet still inviting.
The food is AWESOME!! You can see they are using REAL rib-eye steak while you wait to order.
The price was great, the food exceptional.....unlike the last place I reviewed, thankfully. I don't like giving bad reviews, but they clearly deserved it. And Sonny's clearly deserves the rave!!Scene: With 5% charge left on my phone, I'm at the Philly airport for a connection flight and I think, "I want a cheesesteak!". I do a quick search on Yelp and discover Sonny's. 
So, I order an Uber and head to Sonny's with my carryon luggage in tow. I arrive and immediately order a cheesesteak with Provolone, of course. It was AMAZING! You'll have to try it. I would have ordered more for the journey but my phone died and getting back to the airport for my flight back home was the topic of issue. 
I may be wrong but I'm pretty sure Ben Franklin stopped by Sonny's before signing the Declaration of Independence. The cheesesteak even influenced the "...pursuit of happiness..." verbiage. It's not true, but I really hope it is. 
Things to consider: charge your phone!A must if you're visiting independence hall or just in the area.  Friendly/quick service and the classic cheese wit is da bomb!  I'd eat 3 of these if my stomach wouldn't explode!!!This was my first "real" Philly cheesesteak from Philadelphia and it was delicious!!!  I had the Whiz with onions. I also like that i was able to see them slice and cook the steaks. Real Meat!!!
  I went on a Sunday and the line wasn't too long. It was only held up by tourists who got to the front of the line and still didn't know what they wanted, or had unnecessary questions. I could see the cashier's frustration every time they encountered 1 of these people LOL but they still provided good customer service! Luckily I was with a native Philadelphian who taught me how to properly order like I was from Philly!!!
  It was gone so quick that I wish I had ordered a 2nd one!!!  Or maybe that's just me being greedy!!The lady behind the counter is a doll.  The food is fresh and the soda is bubbly.  I recommend Sonnys to anyone in the historic district.Had a layover. Came here for cheesesteak. It was okay. Had better but this served the purpose.  If I had to I would return.Worth the wait. We had two types in our group. The classic with onions and Whiz and the other with onions and provolone. The whiz won in our group.Spot on cheese steak. Wasn't greasy at all, good amount of meat for the money. The bread is from Amorosos which has a great flavor and nice texture, perfect for a good Philly steak sandwich. We each split a wiz wit and a provolone wit. Onions were perfectly cooked with the right amount of crunch. The cheese integrated with meat as it should be.  They were both great, solid cheese steaks.  The staff is super friendly and provided great fast service.  These guys are giving Pat's and Geno's  a run for their money!A pretty solid cheesesteak spot in old city and pretty much the only one that is open late (campo's closes around dinner time). The steaks are pretty solid, they aren't always the fastest when its busy and they also offer chicken cheesesteaks.
Definitely a good option if you are out late (or for lunch) in old city.My first experience with a real Philly cheesesteak...and it was a success! I would have given them 5 stars, however, I asked for hot peppers on my sandwich but didn't receive them. I did like that they had hot sauce and spicy mustard available, I added hot sauce to my steak + provolone. The cheese was perfectly melted, the bread was very tasty too...sturdy but not hard. All together, I would recommend Sonny's! 
They do have burgers and some other sandwich variations for those who aren't into cheesesteaks. Or you can go next door and get pizza, or the other side was a cute fro-yo/bakery type place.Great Philly Cheesesteak, though coming from California my knowledge of what constitutes an excellent PC is limited!  Great fries too.So why has it taken me so long to learn about Sonny's? This is a great cheesesteak. Not greasy, fresh bread. Forget all the other cheesesteak places. It's clean, there's seating, and they employees are kind and patient. My mouth is watering as I'm writing this because I remember how good it was. This is my new recommendation for anyone visiting from out of town. Easily accessible via bus, subway, or foot.Being from VEGAS to actually get the experience of a REAL philly cheese AMAZINGGGGG the bread::::.the cheeese::::... everything perfectMe and my wife stopped here after seeing the liberty bell both of us ordered cheese steak wiz with both were a little dry and tough will try another place on my next trip  to PhillyThe food wasn't what I expected. I had higher hopes than what I received. When I think of a cheesesteak, there's fresh ingredients not just canned items.Steaks are pretty good my biggest complaint would be that they don't Carmelize their onions long enough! No one wants big under cooked onion chunks on their cheesesteak! Especially when that's what the place is supposed to be known for! 
Their wiz is also on the salty side for whatever reason and I've had their food on several occasions and had that same opinion. their service is fast and you get your food very quickly, the cooks are definatly on point and hardworkers always on the ball! 
Place needs a few adjustments and they could be a lot better.I was not disappointed , they did amazing on everything . The customer service was great !! They even called before when the driver arrived  everything tasted amazing an everything was huge enough to share lolClean and friendly staff; cheese steak was good. Honestly nothing to brag about. Conclusion: I guess I haven't found  the perfect cheese steak yet.  Three stars because it was edible, not greasy 
 and well priced.The line was nearly out the door for this place when I went, but the line went fast and my order was out quick. The steak was perfect and the bread was great. The prices are reasonable, too. This place had my fave cheesesteak of the week I was in Phili.Thoughts:
-They make your order quick
-Don't forget to pick up some pickled peppers at the condiment area. 
-Napkins on-demand near the soda machine (no need to ask for more at the cashier)
-The sandwich itself was tasty. Got the Classic. Beef and onions. Plus self-added peppersI was a tourist visiting to taste a philly cheese steak. It was fantastic. If you are in the same boat - a tourist looking for something unique to the city, you can't go wrong. It's delicious.I ordered the cheese steak with provolone cheese and grilled onions on the side, and it was pretty good but definitely overpriced ($9.00 including taxes) - minus one star for being overpriced.  You can order it with our without cheese and with or without onions, and the choices for the cheese include Cheese Whiz (classic), American, provolone, bleu, or mozzarella.  You can add a soda with free refills for $2.00 and fries for another $2.00 (both include taxes).  The dining room is kind of small.  The lady taking the orders seemed a little rough around the edges, but I think she had an edge on purpose since the customers expect it.  I probably would not come back since it is overpriced and the food was good but not overwhelming.I can't say enough great things about this place. You can watch them slice the meat while waiting in line and you can see everything the cooks are doing. The food is amazing! Definitely try the Bacon Cheesesteak. Make sure you know exactly what you want when it's your turn to order. This place is so busy they don't have time to wait once you reach the counter.I drive to Philly every few months for a cheese steak run from NYC. This time, it was a group of 10 with me wanting to try the experience.
I decided to stay clear from the usual Pat's and Gino's, to give us all a new place to review.
Line was short, which is good. Place was clean, staff was friendly and the menu is alot more robust than other places.
I ordered a whiz without and I was very pleased. The bread was soft, and the meat was very flavorful and moist. It sandwich didn't have tons of whiz, but it didn't need it. 
I loved the shoe string cheese fries as well.
Only thing I wish they had was alfresco seating. It was such a beautiful day out. 
Will be coming againFirst time in Philly so of course we needed to have a cheesesteak. Thanks to tips on yelp we were able to avoid long lines at tourist stops. I don't eat steak so was thrilled with a chicken option topped with blue cheese.  Great mealMy first Philly cheese steak with a date was here. Wow it was delicious. The meat is not too dry and not too moist.
I have yet to try other places aka the pat vs genos argument. I'll settle for now - because of Franklin fountain and proximity to bars of courseA cheesesteak is a cheesesteak. It's good but nothing out of this world. Great for drunchies though!!Spot on cheese steak. Wasn't greasy at all, good amount of meat for the money. The bread is from Amorosos which has a great flavor and nice texture, perfect for a good Philly steak sandwich. We each split a wiz wit and a provolone wit. Onions were perfectly cooked with the right amount of crunch. The cheese integrated with meat as it should be.  They were both great, solid cheese steaks.  The staff is super friendly and provided great fast service.  These guys are giving Pat's and Geno's  a run for their money!Great cheesesteaks......try the bacon cheesesteak it will change your life .....excellent cheese fries as well 
I go here every time I come back to phillyLove love loved our visit to Sonny's. Definitely worth the time it took to find a parking spot. The service was fast and the food just melts in your mouth. Can't wait to come again someday!Basic cheesesteak with a bad roll geared toward tourist. Cheese fries were very good and crispAmazing cheese steaks! Were filled to the brim with meat, lots of toppings to choose from. Not greasy. Quick service, great location!The bread is what makes the sandwich here.  Not too soft ... not too hard ... just right.  The rest of the "classic with".  It's a good sandwich. It's not the best ever, but it's very enjoyable.  The fries are meh, but the sandwich fills you up plenty.
Great location - easy walk to Independence Hall and the surrounding neighborhood is fun to walk around.Onolicious!  We ate the pizza steak, bacon cheese steak, and cheese steak. All were devoured.I love myself a Philly Cheesesteak. In my life time I've had well into the hundreds of them. Every time I go into Philly (which isn't enough unfortunately) I make sure to eat one and take some for the road.
I made my first ever trip to Sonny's this past January and Sonny's ranks in the top for me. I can't decide if personally it's #1 or #2 (the other being the cheesesteaks from Gaetano's Steaks and Subs on the Jersey side of the Philly/Jersey border.) but it is absolutely phenomenal.
For full disclosure I got the cheese wiz cheesesteak with everything. Cheese literally dripping off with every bite. Everything was flavorful and delicious. Not too long of a wait either, and the cashier was very friendly. If I'm in Philly this is my go-to (my previous one was Jim's on South Street for authentic Philly Cheesesteaks).As a Cheesesteak enthusiast, Sonny's is my second best Cheesesteak.  I have had a total of ten types of cheesesteaks and Sonny's was one of the best. Basically had to try this one because my idol, Adam Richman, ranked this one as his number one place. I would say this one is REALLY close to my no.1 place to have a cheesesteak. I chose Steve's as my no.1 but seriously you CANNOT go wrong with this place. 
   I took a bunch of my teacher friends to try this famous place. Luckily it was right next to the Irish Pub row so those who didn't want a cheesesteak could have a beer and pub food while we went to Sonnys. Line was not crazy but a little long with tourist standing in the front not knowing what the heck they wanted. So irritating but I have to give it to the workers, they were VERY friendly and helpful despite having to listen to, "OMG, should I get it will provalone or Mushrooms...maybe bell pepper?.." arrggh! With a smile the staff helped each cosumer calmly and courteously. Amazing! 
   I'm a stickler for the classic, "whiz wit" or as they call it, the Sonny Classic. The sandwich here is perfect. The Bread was just right, not to airy or chewy. Just the right amount of density. The cheese whiz and onion ratio was perfect. They pile it on and balance it well with the steak. The steak was a better, juicer quality than most of the places I went to. It was sliced thin like good shabu shabu meat in Hawaii. Cooked perfectly and not dry. I loved it. I guess for those in Hawaii that like Yakiniku and shabu shabu, Sonnys is like shabu meat and Steves is more like Yakiniku meat. Both great but in the end I think it would come down to your preference. 
   I love this place, not just for the food but the service was great and quick and I wasn't treated like a no name tourist. Highly recommended.Drive by style Philly visit. What other than cheese steaks?Ordered three sub onion ring and cheese bacon fries. The bacon cheese is a little bit on the salty side but overall very satisfying.Long wait but soooo worth it. Cheesesteak and adding bacon?! Awesome! A great gem near the Liberty bell. Have cash ready and some patience!This past weekend I was at Philadelphia for my first ever marathon. And with my short visit to this lovely historic city of brotherly love, rewarding myself with the infamous Philly Cheesesteak after the race was essential! Ultimately I chose Sonny for its top 10 best Cheesesteak ranking by Visit Philly and #1 by GQ magazine and its convenient location near my hotel Wyndham Historic District. A fine choice indeed!
Three of us each ordered the Cheesesteak Hoagie with LTO & cheez whiz, with an order of cheez whiz fries. Each cheesesteak loaded with juicy steak topped with their cheez whiz and served on warm ~footlong locally baked hoagie cost $9. The cheez whiz is legitimate melted liquid cheese and no fake nacho cheese.  Ample seating and lighting in this restaurant, only concern may be parking nearby (we parked in Wyndham hotel as guests and walked over). Love their classic simple menu, serving only cheesteaks, burgers, fries, drinks. 
For your visit to the historic district or big next race, be sure to include Sonny's in your itinerary!I actually prefer a Sonny's cheesesteak to either Pat's or Geno's. Not too greasy, very generous with the cheese and sweet peppers, and no extra breading on the fries. But the restaurant is small and hot and not especially clean. Get it to go.It's really not all that. Especially for what they are charging for the quality and for the PORTIONS! I can get just as good of a cheesesteak at Subway for half the price and a larger sandwich at that. I could tell my fries were cooked hours ago and reheated back in the deep fryer. $10.85 for a regular old cheeseteak and a small cup of reheated fries was a complete waste of $ and I will not be back.Loved this place. Great Philly, walking distance to Liberty bell and museums. As a tourist I had to try a Philly cheesesteak. It taste even better with the cheez whiz. We had a little wait but they move pretty fast.When in Philly, you make sure your first meal in town is a Cheesesteak. And boy was it amazeballs in every way!
It was my first time in the city of brotherly love, and i had a few cheesesteak joints on my list to try. Sonny's happened to be open later than the others and not too far from the hotel. 
I got to go: The cheese fries (salty, cheesey, "junk food" done so right) and the Classic Cheese Steak - some freaky melty goodness that is the cheese, the generous filling of meat, sauteed onions, and buns that are soft but not soggy, it stood up to the meaty cheesy filling so wonderfully. Nothing in this sandwich is an afterthought. 
I'll try a couple more places to compare, but even without doing so, this one hit the spot so right, if this was the only place to satisfy my cheesesteak cravings, I'd be happy.When you are able to finish half of a sandwich here when you had a Chipotle burrito bowl and chips and guacamole three hours ago, you know Sonny's is onto something. The real standout here is the meat - you can taste the quality right away, and there were no cartilaginous, tendony pieces - just thinly shaved slices of high quality meat ribboned with just the right amount of fat. I got my cheesesteak with whiz - of course - and I was initially concerned it was going to taste too much of cheese, but I feel like they used a very tasteful amount of cheese, such that it interspersed with the meat in a seamless way but didn't saturate the sandwich.
The one gripe my boyfriend had was that the onions weren't quite caramelized, just fried, but I didn't mind that too much since it didn't have a sharp distracting flavor anyway.Tasty sandwiches, delicious cheese fries. Quick service, easy to order, friendly staff...oh don't forget to have some whole pickled paper to go with your traditional steak sandwich!Pretty classic Philly spot.  Who needs Pat's & Gino's?  You know a good cheesesteak place when the line is long.  Place was packed on a rainy February Saturday afternoon.
Classic steak with wiz & grilled onions.  Good stuff.  One of was fancy with provolone, lettuce, tomatoes & mayo.  That's ok.  It is all good.
Great place to go when visiting Independence Hall.This place was packed - yes I know it was the 4th of July and Philly in general was packed. The line moves quickly and people are standing over others trying to snag the few empty seats. 
The sandwiches were outstanding. I had a whiz with and my son had a American. My husband ordered a burger and the woman taking orders said it'd be 20 minutes and 'he better not look at her every 2 minutes wondering where his burger was!' It was pretty amusing. It came out faster and he said it was great. Everything was piping hot because it's all made to order. The onions provided a good crunch. The fries were ok. Nothing extraordinary and I didn't want to fill up on those when I had that sandwich in front of me. 
Best cheese steak I've had.I was a tourist looking for a philly cheese steak that could show me why philly is famous for them. This place did it! It seemed a little on the pricey side but was worth every pennyVery little seating. Highly recommended by the locals. The cheesesteak with the traditional cheez whiz was delicious! The whole family liked it even though half of us had to stand.A bit of research told us that the "big two" are famous but the cheese steaks are not very good at either of them.  Bonus: Sonny's is in the neighborhood we were visiting anyway (three blocks from the Liberty Bell ... Tea Party Patriots w00t w00t!).  
They've got a big hunk of rib eye on the slicer and they're making everything fresh.  I know "cheez whiz" is the classic but we had provolone.  Really really good, I could probably eat two of them :)
Friendly service, too.Delicious. The free sandwich toppings cover all the bases and they do have a couple things aside from the standard cheesesteak, although I can't speak for those. The sandwiches come on a softer roll than a lot of other cheesesteak places and I think it's just perfect. I'm going to withhold the 5th star just because I wish the sandwiches were a little bigger.Rude rude rude staff. Tons of good steaks in the city, don't need to be insulted when you go to eat.Visiting from Las Vegas. Have been to Pat's King of Steak and only liked the bread better. The Steak, service, and price were better at Sonny's. The Onion Rings were yummy too.   and as my wife says, " a restroom to wash your hands, etc.. ".  
Sonny's also has indoor seating which made it nice to relax and visit. 
If you ride the Hop on Hop off (Big Bus) ask for the 5% off coupon.Referred here by a tour guide for the meat. The meat was def better than Steve's Prince of Cheesesteak. There was no line.   Location is close to the Ben Franklin Post Office.  I got the cheesesteak with provolone cheese and mushroom - it was okay.  I prefer a little more flavor in the meat.This place was Amazing! The best philly cheese steak I ever had in philly. The most amazing part was being able to sit down and eat.... Enjoy my philly cheese steak, cheese fries and drink and extras! Then walk down to the Franklin Fountain for Dessert.. I ordered the phillies cheese steak with applewood bacon, mozzarella cheese, mayo, sweet peppers, double mushrooms, lettuce, tomatoe, pickles and sautéed onions! Yes please go try it is a must!