Everything was super good!  Very nice staff.  Fried fish was amazing.I was a huge fan of Khmer Kitchen so I was really happy to hear that they opened a new spot, Sophie's Kitchen.  The food is delicious and many menu items are the same.  The only reason I've removed a star is because the service is terrible:  bad attitude, not bringing water to the table, running away when you ask for something, texting on the floor, etc.Khmer Kitchen introduced Cambodian food to my life. Even after I moved away, I always went back when I was in Philly. You have no idea how heartbroken I was when I found out that they closed the restaurant for good. You also have no idea how excited I was when I learned that the family opened a new restaurant. The grandma retired, but the family recipes are still there. Sophie's Kitchen is roomier than Khmer Kitchen, so less trouble to get a table. I remember those days of ordering takeout or showing up at odd hours at Khmer Kitchen so I didn't need to wait in line. Btw, they're still BYOB!
Ok, next come back to the food part. They kept all my favorite items on the menu, but also added new menu items like skewers and Cambodian style noodles. Here is a list of things that I usually get for your reference: stir fried pumpkin and pork (THE BEST), stir fried coconut curry chicken (tastes better if you order it fresh rather than takeout), caramelized pork with fresh veggie, red curry mussel, beef skewers, and a lot of RICE! I'd love to try new things, but I can't live without all my favorite dishes...Love love love. Great family. Great new space. Same great food from Khmer Kitchen. I've been here likely 20 times since they opened on Washington, and the quality is still excellent. So new menu additions with the old favorites. Still byob. Still cash only (bummer). But now with central air and large new space!The decor is very nice and traditional but honestly the 3 dishes that I've ordered were not up to standard. The soup I had was not suppose to be extremely sour and the beef in the soup is traditionally tender but not here. The Hu tieu Phnom Penh soup I ordered was overly sweet and no vegetables were provided. Service was not the best even though it was only 1 other table there while one of their acquaintances came after us in a group of 6 had ordered after us but somehow got their food before us, mind you it was only I and another person. My gf ordered a drink when they came to take our order but when the food came out before the drink I started to wonder if it was still in the making or if they just forgot about it, it was the latter. Last but not least I don't think the quality of the food justified the prices. It's certainly not expensive but compare to a Vietnamese restaurant or a similar Cambodian restaurant in South Philadelphia, it's much more expensive. This may be a length review but I've heard so many compliments from other friends about this restaurant and it just doesn't live up to the hype.Although the food was ok, the service ruined it for me. When we arrived we were told to sit wherever. I don't know about anyone else but I think it is polite to seat your patrons. The tables had no utensils or napkins. We had to ask for all of it, including water. It took an hour for our food to arrive, even though there were only three parties there, all the while the waitstaff never came over to let us know why it was taking so long or to check up on us. Also, the grilled chicken that I ordered was actually fried chicken. It was over cooked and greasy. 
I have been a server before and must say that the waitstaff need some serious training. People will not return because of poor service. I will travel far to eat but I will not be returning to this restaurant. Great location with some potential but poor service.I had high hopes for this place after Khmer Kitchen seemingly closed down. I heard that the owners were either the same or related to the Khmer kitchen, so we went with higher expectations because my group of friends really liked Khmer Kitchen.
It wasn't as good. We ordered the Minced pork and raw veggies, the spiced friend chicken, and the deep friend P-something fish.
The most disappointed was the minced pork, there was something off with the flavor. Not in a spoiled type of way, but in a meh sort of way.
The spiced fried chicken were giant wings and wing drumsticks slathered in a sweet and sour style of sauce. It was good, but a little on the salty side.
The fried fish was probably the best, but I wasn't a fan of the optional Tamarind sauce. You have an option of 4, but i wasn't that impressed w/ the Tamarind one here.Everything was delicious, and the waitress gave great suggestions. The Nyom Sadau (bitter salad), whole fried fish with tamarind sauce, and Cha Kreoung (lemongrass chicken) were the favorites. Unfortunately some of the best dishes at Khmer Kitchen are no longer on the menu. BYO Cash OnlyI was excited to try this place since I heard the owners were affiliated with the old Khmer kitchen (which I sadly never got to try before it closed!). The restaurant is on the second floor, nicely decorated and clean looking.  downstairs looks like a sandwich/bubble tea place but it was empty on a Tuesday afternoon. Service was friendly. My friend had been to Khmer kitchen and was really looking forward to the food. We ordered the papaya salad, the string bean salad, mee katang (wide pan fried noodles with shrimp) and a spicy/sour beef soup. They were all ok. Nothing wowed me, nothing tasted quite authentic except for the soup. The papaya salad was missing the stinky fish paste, but maybe the owners decided to tone down that taste profile? But honestly if you are here for authentic Cambodian food, you expect that. Prices are steep for the area and for the quality of the food. I think $14-$15 for the beef soup and very cheap chewy beef was used. Hoping that they bring the chefs from Khmer kitchen back!Met family for lunch on a Tuesday.  We were the only people in the dining room.  There is a takeout counter on the first floor and the restaurant is on the second floor.  Food came out fast and was fresh and well made.  They ask you to choose your level of spice, which is great because I'm not great with heat.  Two entrees and a drink came out to $27.  It's a great drop in place in the neighborhood and we'll eat there again soon.I was so heartbroken to hear that my go too spot for Cambodian Cuisine, Khmer Kitchen, has closed. Along behold, the former Chef and her Hubby decided to bring back those authentic dishes serving South Philly area with this new restaurant. So my girlfriends and I had to come out and support.
The dining area is located on the 2nd floor on the corner of S. Randolph and Washington. Still small, but not as cramped up with more tables/seating provided. Casual ambience with simple traditional decor. 
We ordered fried shrimp, papaya salad, prahok ktiss, and hot & sour soup with pork ribs. All the dishes were good. One thing I was disappointed in were our green syrup drinks. Not as good as you can get from the street vendors. 
Giving that the place is still relatively new, service will be awhile. I believe we waited about 45 minutes until our dishes were served. Keep in mind, this is Cash Only.My Cambodian SIL brought me here and the food tasted very much like the homemade cooking I've had at her house. It was all very delicious with so much variety and an explosion of flavor. The staff was very nice and the restaurant and restroom were clean. Only negative is that it's cash only and I had to go across the street for the ATM - but not worth taking a star away for that.We were very sad when we drove to Khmer Kitchen and saw it closed. Ran upon an IG post in which said it had reopened in a new location as Sophie's Kitchen and couldn't have been more excited. We ordered all of our favorite dishes from Khmer Kitchen and can happily report that the food is everything we wanted and missed.Wonderful atmosphere, delicious food, and friendly service. My husband is Cambodian, and he was very happy with the authenticity of our meal.We ordered the papaya salad, Samlaw Machu Krepung, and Prahok Ktiss. For two people and still had some left overs. 
I like how you can choose the spice level for everything. Usually can't eat the normal spice level of the papaya salad but they made it the lowest and it was great! Very fresh and generous amount. 
The flavor of the samlaw machu was really good. Probably the best we've had in Philly. We like it with the pork. Came with white rice. 
The prahok ktiss was lacking in flavor. Veggies were fresh. 
Cash only. Decor is nice. Good service. Plenty of street parking (we went around noon on a weekday).It's a lovely 2 story restaurant with the first floor a take out and the second floor the actual restaurant. The decor is very modern and the place smell absolutely lovely with the candles. The food was flavorful and every portion was good to share for another. However what made this review bad was that the food was undercook. My boyfriend ordered seafood curry and you can't overlook it since then it'll be dry. However I order the frog leg curry and to my surprise it was completely RAW! At first I just thought it was just the flavor and thought nothing of it, then took a second bite and decided to spit it out just to look and to my surprise it was horrific! My boyfriend inform the waitress and she apologized, took the food back to cook it over. At that point I didn't even want to continue eating after realizing I just ate raw frog. One minute late I decided to get the check and there was no compensation of the mistake. They even charged us for the frog which we didn't finish, instead packed it up for to go. Worst customer service.The opening jitters are gone.  We received attentive service on a busy Saturday night.  The food is magic.  
Go there now before the mainstream crowds discover what is going on.  
Don't miss the fried shrimp or the flat noodle dishes.Great atmosphere , lovely environment. Foods great ! Especially my favorite.  The lemongrass stir fry ! Definitely a must!!!!Great food!! Nice place!! The only downfall was the wait time to get our food. I'll be back again though, maybe it was just a bad day!I was so excited to hear about Sophie's kitchen opening up bc I really love cambodian food and I love to support small businesses. So, I ordered the sweet chili wings bc it looked amazing when I seen the other table order it and when I took a bite into my wings, it was still red and blood was still dripping! I told the waitress and she addressed it to the kitchen and maybe 10 minutes afterwards, the waitress offer me something else and at that point i really wanted to just walk out, bc the food takes a very long time to come out. That was the only reason why I gave them 2 stars!!! 
Waitresses need more training as well! My biggest pet peeve is asking them to refill my cup of water!!!!Was a loyal, long time customer of Khmer Kitchen for many years and was heartbroken when they closed. We didnt even know they had reopened at the new location until this week but so glad they're back! Went with a group of 5 for Friday dinner and they did not disappoint. The staff are super friendly, prices are right, and the food is delicious. We will be back!One of my favorite places food is delicious my only complaint is the portions have gotten small $30 for two entrees and both Tupperware's are not even remotely fulll.....As good as it was back in the day when it was Khmer Kitchen. And it was great back then. So happy to have this chef back!We were more than happy trying this place.  Drinks were vey flavorful. Beef skewers had the charred aroma and were seasoned just right.  Quail was halved then fried up to a nice crisp. We tried papaya salad, minced pork dish with assorted vegetables, broad noodles with vegetables and one more beef dish ( I can't remember the name..).
Everything we tried was awesome and we definitely will go back to try some of their soups. 
Highly recommend this place!Came here for a quick bite and I was satisfied! Always happy to try Cambodian food and supporting them as they are not that many. Super convenient that it's near the supermarket so you know they're food is pretty fresh. The restaurant is located stairs. 
My friends and I got the papaya salad, calamari, sweet and spicy wings and the beef sticks. They all tasted great. My favorites were the wings and papaya salad. You can adjust the spiciness of the salad. Overall, the food was flavorful and can't wait to come back again.The food at this place is great and authentic Cambodian good. If you want to do take out you should really order an hour before because the service is a little slow. I went into this place to have lunch with bf and we sat there and waited for about 45 mins for our food. But once it came out everything tasted great. We had the time to wait but if you're in a hurry you definitely won't be able to wait.Went here on a Sunday night and had a more than enjoyable experience. My boyfriend had been wanting to try this since the opening but we waited for the grand-opening wave to die down first. We were the only ones dining at the restaurant and it felt like an intimate experience. 
The food was wonderful. We no stranger to this cuisine, we've gone to many Cambodian restaurants since Khmer Kitchen's closing. I will forever be a fan of Khmer Kitchen and once again, it proves to have had the best Cambodian food around, but Sophie's Kitchen did a phenomenal job filling the void. 
Bok la Hong (papaya salad) was good, a nice spice with whole peppers that punched you in the face when you would occasionally bite into them. We were simply asked if we wanted it spicy, I wish they asked us at what level of spice we wanted instead. It wasn't as spicy as I like it, but I'm insane and I like it to feel like my insides are on fire with every bite. The delicious flavors we crave from papaya salad was all there and we were more than satisfied.
Prahok Ktiss was good. I was most impressed by the size of the portion. I'm used to being served tiny bowls of ground pork, but here they actually give you enough to enjoy! For once I didn't feel like I had to ration it out to last the entire meal. I do wish there was a more prominent coconut flavor and I wish it was a tad sweeter front the caramelization. It  was a little too salty for my taste but it worked well mixed with rice and veg, topped with bok la hong.
Last item we got was Karee Mon. My favorite soup used to be Cambodian pumpkin soup, Salaw Kako. After trying this, it has easily replace that in the first spot. This soups was so fragrant! The savory chicken mixed into the sweet coconut milk broth flavored with lemongrass and lime leaves--EXPLOSION OF GOODNESS. The carrot and potato chunks are large and hearty. This soup feels like a warm loving hug. 
Only problem with the soup, everything is in large chunks so it looks like very little substance. We only had a total of 3-4 pieces of chicken, they fairly large pieces, but for the amount of soup, it felt lacking.
We brought home the leftovers, which there were plenty of and we able to make a second meal out of it. To enjoy this a second time in the privacy of my own home was exquisite. I danced in my seat as a drank the soup and ate the leftovers mixed with fresh vegetables I found in my fridge. 
We felt service was fine, but we are well accustomed to waiting longer for Cambodian food. Khmer Kitchen's wait time was on the longer side too. I don't mind, because I believe it means the food is being prepared fresh.
The soup has inhabited my daydreams. Once you take a bite of good Cambodian food, you'll be craving it for the next week or too. UGH this always happens! 
I didn't think anything could replace our beloved Khmer Kitchen, in our hearts nothing ever will, but thank you for coming in when we needed you. May its legacy live on. 
Sophie's Kitchen, you have made a believer out of me. Sure, there are some negatives, but I can overlook those because 
the food is all that matters.A hidden spot on the corner of the plaza. The restaurant sitting is on the 2nd floor. Anyway, there was no complaints over here! The food meet our expectations and the staff were attentive to our need!! We'll be back again!Looking for a break from the norm, I found Sophie's Kitchen... I've been there two times in the past month... had two different noodle dishes. One with seafood. Another with beef and mixed vegetables... I've also tried both of their wing appetizers. While I enjoyed both, I probably won't be ordering the stuffed whole wings again. 
It just didn't suit my taste. But the chili garlic wings were excellent. 
The only other thing that I can give you a heads up about would be that the dining area is located up two flights of steps... But once you get there, it's a nicely decorated and comfortable dining room.... Enjoy!!Excellent food & service. Arrived around 6 on a Friday night and sat right away. We ordered the beef skewers and papaya salad at the servers suggestion and both dishes had great flavor. For entrees we had the chicken curry sauté and the mixed seafood sauté. Both were great but we preferred the chicken. We tried to order medium spice level but the server suggested mild. Next time I'll ask for more spice but that's just my preference, and I don't blame the server as you can always make something more spicy but not less.I heard from someone that its the same owner as khmer kitchen. But i guess the grandmother no longer cooking because the food doesn't taste the same as before. I don't say its bad, but its no longer the same. But overall taste still good, just i missed the original taste...Food was ok but I've had better Cambodian food in the city (is. Khmer Sweet Basil). Pretty empty on a Thursday night. We got the fish (pompano), ground pork curry and Thai chili wings. Sitting area is upstairs on second floor. Fish was my favorite dishIt's really good but it's more SouthEast Asian then Cambodian. Tried beef and chicken skewers , the beef was tasty but chewy. The chicken was great. Had the stuffed chicken wings. I've had them before , not here, they sucked. Way over cooked. Green papaya salad was the best I've ever had and the shaking beef was salty ( the sauce not the beef) but excellent. The value and quality were there. The restaurant is on the second floor and very pretty. The service was basically nonexistent.  Lots of items I'd like to try.Met up with a couple of friends last night to try authentic Khmer food. This was my first time eating here and my friends first time eating Khmer food. 
We ordered fried shrimp for the appetizer; beef and tuk prahok, cha kroeung with seafood, and salad machu beef for our main dishes and Thai teas for our drinks. 
According to my friends, everything was a hit. This was their first time trying Khmer food so they couldn't compare it to other Khmer restaurants/dishes. I couldn't believe they liked the tuk prahok sauce! They especially raved about the Thai tea. 
My opinion: their thai tea is fresh brewed so it was delicious. The flavor of the food was a little on the sweet side but good (of course, I'm comparing the food to my mom's cooking and no one can beat my mom's cooking). I especially loved the crispy shrimp. I can't wait to go back to try other dishes like the curry mussels, Lok lak, calamari.Yes Khmer kitchen is back! Only found out when I stumbled upon Craig Laban's review. We brought our food allergy prone 1yo daughter and thank goodness Tony was there to help us safely navigate the menu. We got her this tasty lemongrass chicken soup with rice. Great customer service is great to say the least and delicious yet affordable food. Can't wait to come back!Friends brought us to this place after a long day.   Brought some cold beer and allowed my buddy to order.  Im open to try lots of different foods but when he started with frog legs I was a bit concerned.  There was no need.   We like a bit spicy...  so the sauce had a bit of a bite, but the legs were good.
.  I wold not order again simply because everything else was better!  Bright flavors, well prepared n nicely decorated.   I'll be back!Excellent Cambodian restaurant on the second floor at Washington Avenue and Randolph Street. We have yet to order a dish that wasn't delicious. The wings in chili sauce are outstanding.This was the best Cambodian place I ever been (in New York and Philly). If you like asian food with flavor town dishes, this is for you to try!. The food is delicious!! The service was friendly. We tried one starter, and of course had the Entree of coconut curry chicken with green pepper and the Chicken with sour lime soup both absolutely delicious!! I love the fact that the menu is small but complete- better less dishes but all of them good. We loved the place, food freshly made, cozy atmosphere. Definitely be back !This place is awesome! Had take out. 
2 orders of the prhatt Ktiss. The best 
Cambodian food in town. Just the right amount of spice and heat. Super fresh veggies, sliced perfectly. We got 2, cause one is never enough! 
Thanks Sophie's Kitchen.Friends brought us to this place after a long day.   Brought some cold beer and allowed my buddy to order.  Im open to try lots of different foods but when he started with frog legs I was a bit concerned.  There was no need.   We like a bit spicy...  so the sauce had a bit of a bite, but the legs were good.
.  I wold not order again simply because everything else was better!  Bright flavors, well prepared n nicely decorated.   BYOB !
Phone number needs updating 215-271-0888Still the best.   Still feels like visiting family.    There isn't anything I wouldn't recommend.    Our new must haves are bitter flower salad and pumpkin stirfry.   It's in our top 3 restaurants in the city including fine dining spots.Yes Khmer kitchen is back! Only found out when I stumbled upon Craig Laban's review. We brought our food allergy prone 1yo daughter and thank goodness Tony was there to help us safely navigate the menu. We got her this tasty lemongrass chicken soup with rice. Great customer service is great to say the least and delicious yet affordable food. Can't wait to come back!By far, one of the best restaurants in the city! So glad to see the same folks who ran Khmer Kitchen back on the map, and when you get a review as raving as Craig Laban's, you know it's LEGIT! Never disappointed with what I order here. 5 stars!I read the review in philly.com and have been dreaming of eating her. So I go and wow. I'm transformed from a cold wet winter night into Cambodia, a country and food I have never visited. Stuffed chicken wings were so good. Lemongrass paste? What? how creative can someone be to be this attentive and the food is actually accessible? The server knew the menu perfectly and described dishes effortlessly. A vegetable stew was immaculate. The chicken curry was superb. The side dish of super tiny diced chili's set a fire alarm in my mouth and I can handle Thai spice. I'm glad I can post this review. I have not posted in years and Sophie's inspired me to write. I'll be back.How good is this place?  When your middle school student suggests this place to you (knowing how much you love Vietnamese food) and it immediately blows your mind, you know you have a winner.  When you try to learn another language simply to order well at this one restaurant, it's obvious how moreish the food is.  When you make your curbside pick-up locations over the bridge (I'm in Jerz) just so you can pop through this joint on the way home, well, you get the gist.  It's so good.  It's so fresh and rich and cooked to perfection, my only request is that they never ever ever ever close.  And/or that they sell their Prahok Ktiss by the quart.  And bottle the lime & black pepper sauce.  So grateful they've stayed afloat through the past couple years, and I will continue to support them as long as they are around!!my FAVORITE restaurant in Philly!!!! i always get the laarb appetizer, papaya salad and either skewers or a curry. We tried the house special curry which was coconut/pineapple based - AMAZING! 
Must try and also super affordable!
In depth review here! https://m.youtube.com/watch?v=osRdQcvnBdoReally great food and nice waitress but we had to wait about 50 minutes to get our food :( I got stir fried noodles with shrimp and the person I went with got beef broth with noodles. Pretty solid and a really great atmosphere sitting outside, but we did have to wait a while which is why I'm only giving 4 stars.When I go buy groceries at the Oriental Market, I would stop by here. You can park in the lot or street parking. Favorite entrees are the mussels, loc lak, steak and prahok. The sauce for the mussels is flavorful. Since the food is fresh, the wait is a little long but it's worth it.Sophie's Kitchen is the new incarnation of the incredibly popular Khmer Kitchen that once operated in South Philly.  Fortunately it is also very good at serving up tasty Cambodian dishes.  I like the second floor dining room probably better than their old place for atmosphere and ambience.  And the food served in a quasi-family style manner proved very pleasing to the party of three I was part of.  One of their tastiest dishes is the Cha Karee Mohn. This coconut curry chicken is bursting with flavor.  The Cha Kreoung with frogs legs also was a big hit at the table. I personally ordered this dish spicy and indeed it had a nice kick to it.  The soup Samlaw Machew Kteah which is a green curry coconut soup with pineapple (and we chose to add pork to it) was a perfect soup for a cold afternoon.  It tasted as good as it looked and the pineapples added a flavor in the soup I'm not used to but I quite liked.  You can choose the spiciness for each dish which is very advantageous and the service was great.  Sophie's Kitchen is at or near the top of the Cambodian restaurants in Phillytown!
Tip - There is a large free parking lot for an Asian market behind the restaurant just off of 6th Street.Finally made it in. Came on a whim and it was just us because it was super early. When you first walk in you're greeted with the cafe part, then you'd have to walk upstairs for the restaurant which consists of a small balcony/patio that was opened with awesome breezes. 
Food : I got the Khmer Katiew (like Vietnamese pho but Khmer version) made with a pork broth, pork belly and shrimp. It was good. It was served with lettuce but no extra basil or bean sprouts came with it. the broth was very good, but as I mentioned to our waiter that I'm not a huge meat eater so I felt the noodles could have been more in the dish as the dish still came with lots of meat lol. Perfect for meat eater, but this dish reminds me of kathiew in Asia. 
My friend got stir fry chicken with veggies (spicy). Great flavor! The flavors are hard to describe, but it is very of authentic southeast Asian flavors such as chili, spicy pork dip flavor that I cannot explain, except that you can't go wrong with this order 
Overall, nice place to try a few times. Portions are definitely large so I'd say for two people an appetizer and an entree to share is good enoughCuriosity finally got the best of me after going by Sophie's Kitchen several times to and from our monthly visit to First Oriental Supermarket to stock up on Asian groceries. The earlier Viet cafe at that corner was not all that good, so it was with a pleasant sense of change that this new operation caught my attention. 
We walked over after shopping and found our way up to the second floor dining room. It looked basically the same as before with modern simple decor and large windowed walls overlooking Washington Avenue. There was a family at the middle table, so we grabbed one against the inner wall where we all could maintain some privacy. The guy overseeing things came over with menus, took our drink order (water) and placed white curved plates and flatware wrapped in black cloth napkins at the head of the table. Classy for lunch. 
We ordered beef skewers and mee katang, a fat noodle dish with veggies. Both arrived with color and energy glistening from them. The beef was a thin sliced, well marinaded BBQ, and grilled just enough to be tender, moist, lightly crisp and delicious. Really good. The flat noods had a wonderful sauce, subtly savory and sweet with plenty of greens mixed in. A little sriracha on the edge of the plate for dipping and we had an excellent dish. Loved it. 
While the menu was somewhat limited, we thoroughly enjoyed the food and bright atmosphere on an overcast day. Prices were reasonable ($24 w tip). Given it's convenience to the market next door, we could become regulars of this appetizing Cambodian house.Super delicious honey wings and fish!  I would've tried the stuffed wings but they were sold out of those.  The food was so good that I would make another trip with a friend just to eat there again.  It was that good.  
I can't find pictures of the coffee for this place, but I'm going to guess it's French style like it would be for Vietnamese coffee as looking up history, Cambodia was once part of French-Indochina which was French ruled for a period of time.  I definitely like this style and surprised I couldn't find a picture of their coffee on Yelp or a quick Google image search.
They had three types of fish.  I avoided flounder just because that's the easiest for me to get.  There were two other types I didn't recognize as much.  I think the one that I had was a bronzino.  The waiter I had seemed well aware of the different foods and how well different sauces would work with different foods. Impressive!  The fish was cooked so well and the sauce accentuated the flavor.  Very flavorful, fresh, just a quality experience.  Been trying to get other friends to go with me. 
I'll definitely be back no doubt!My new go-to spot whenever I am craving Cambodian food. The price is reasonable. Service is great and the food is delicious! Restaurant is located on the second floor and if you're lucky, you'll be seated by the window with a chill view of Washington Ave. 
We ordered calamari, papaya salad, and beef with pineapples. Calamari was nicely colored and crisp. I can't handle spicy food at all so the papaya salad was a bit too spicy for me. But I did get a couple bites of that and it was delicious regardless. Beef and pineapples was delicious! They use fresh pineapples. Not the canned ones! 
Check this place out if you're around the area. And even if you aren't around the area, it's worth the drive! There's free street parking or you can park by the supermarket if you'd like - but do that at your own risk lol.Food was tasty but portions were small for the price, especially the weekend special Ah Mok Sach Trey, which was $4 more expensive than listed on their menu. They didn't tell us that until after we got our receipt and asked about it, so that was pretty misleading...
Other than that, service was good, but a bit on the slow side. I liked the ambiance -- lots of plants!Everything is phenomenal here. I always order their caramelized pork and whole fish with tamarind sauce.Conveniently located right next to our favorite Asian grocery store, we finally made it to this always busy place. Sophie's offers ample outdoor seating with reasonably priced food. The skewers were probably some of my favorite in the area, and their wings were nothing to laugh at either. Service was a little slow, but probably due to how busy they were.Loved the food!!! Truly a taste of Cambodian home cooking. Staff were outstanding. They are open for outdoor dining with heating fire pits at the tables. Although the second floor dining area is currently closed, the decor is absolutely beautiful. Can't wait for them to fully open. Small business that needs our support. It's definitely worth the drive from NJ or from where ever you are. If you want to experience delicious Khmer food, Sophie's Kitchen is a must!!!This is one of few Cambodian restaurants in the city, and I was eager to give it a try. Though I am no expert in Cambodian cuisine, I will say that all of my expectations were far exceeded! The ambiance is wonderful; even though it is located right on busy Washington Ave, and there is traffic noise, the owners have taken great care to make the space extremely welcoming and comfortable. We ate outdoors and were impressed with the seating area: they have transformed an ordinary sidewalk into a classy outdoor patio with abundant plants, umbrellas with string lights, and great music played on good speakers at the appropriate volume to add to the ambiance without making conversation difficult in any way. The staff were friendly, helpful and professional. We brought a bottle of white wine (it's BYO!) and they brought us a bucket with ice before we even thought to ask; such a nice touch. And of course, the most important part: the food was absolutely delicious! It was hard to decide on only a few things (and I want to go back, maybe with a larger group who wants to share things, so I can try much more!). We went with the papaya salad, the sautéed Japanese eggplant with entree with pork, and the fried fish (with tamarind sauce). Everything was wonderful - the eggplant was complex and delicious, the fish was fried to perfection and the sauce complemented it well, and the papaya salad was refreshing and a nice accompaniment to both other dishes. We were left full but comfortable, and I'd also like to say that it was seasoned well but didn't leave us feeling thirsty all night. I highly, highly recommend visiting this restaurant, and I know I'll be going back as soon as I can!Authentic Khmer/Cambodian restaurant. Only ordered take out, the pumpkin with pork was excellent!  Also liked bitter flower salad, probably best for those with adventurous taste. Seafood curry was quite yummy too!Tonight's dinner devours with my P.I.C (Partner in Crime) @terriffictaste; came from @sophieskitchenphilly ! This small Cambodian restaurant is very cozy and the staff is pretty laid back and chilled. The restrooms  are super clean and smell really good. Our server was really informative about the menu and was a huge help! First we order the beef  skewers as an appetizer. They were juicy and really tasteful. We then had then sautéed seafood with shrimp, calamari, and green shell mussels in a sweet curry  sauce. The seafood was super fresh and tasty . We then had the fish of the day Branzino in a black bean and ginger sauce. The fish was absolutely amazing. Super tasteful with burst of flavors! . If your ever around 6th and Washington Ave and was to take a walk in the wild side; please check out @sophieskitchenphilly and please let them know shimmy and @terriffictaste sent you! #philadelphia #cambodia #philly #shrimp #curry #spice #vegtables #calamari #mussels #fish #black #bean #food #foodporn #foodphotography #foodstagram #foodieQuick and very friendly service. The food is a nice alternative to what I consider fairly standard fare in this plaza. I went with 3 other coworkers and ate in the room next door. Everyone was very happy with their order and already talking about coming back. I had the chicken and rice bowl with a side of pork broth. Fantastic for a rainy day. Would go again place is really good.This review is a long time coming.. but I've made several visits and am confident that this is one of, if not the best Cambodian in the city.
I was incredibly sad when Khmer Kitchen closed, so imagine my excitement to see that the family behind the recipes opened this spot.  Their ccha gkroeung is something special: I'm not sure how they made stirfried celery craveable, but now I want it all the time.
I need to proactively stalk weekends for their incredible chicken curry, as it's been eluding me.I am so in love with this place, it's insane. I've seen their Instagram a lot prior to coming here but haven't actually come to try until today and this was the best hands down. The flavors they used to make their dishes go extremely well together. The staff is so nice also. 10/10!!!Was so happy I found out this place opened up after Khmer Kitchen closed down. Maybe my expectations were too high but it was a rather disappointing experience. I ordered my two favorite dishes - the grilled steak and lok lak (shaking beef stir fry) and both were over cooked and not as tender and flavorful as Khmer Kitchen. We asked for medium rare but half of the steak was well done and dry. Also, it took over 30 mins for our dishes to come out and although both dishes should've came with rice, they didn't bring it out until we asked. The rice was delicious though! Perhaps it's because it's still new, food and service were both a little disappointing. Definitely will try to come back to give it another chance!