I came to South Philadelphia Tap Room before a Phillies game and left full and satisfied. I had the Bacon and Jalepeño Omelette, served alongside home fries and wheat toast. For just $13, I thought that the portion size was more than generous; everything on the plate was flavorful, and before you know it, my plate was licked clean!
One item that I was not a big fan of, however, were the Mexican Chocolate Doughnuts. I found them rather dry and not worth the $6 price tag.   
The service was somewhat attentive, but I would have liked to have been checked up on at some point during our meal. 
All in all, this is a great brunch spot in south Philadelphia. Great food, great prices, and the perfect spot to eat before a sporting event down at the AT&T complex.The service here was very good.   Waitstaff was attentive and willing to let me get a taste of some of the variety of craft beers.   The atmosphere is casual and relaxed, but the food is the sad part of this restaurant.   My wife and I like organic, grass-fed beef.  SPTR menu had advertised that they had hamburgers with organic beef.
Unfortunately, the chef knows only one spice...SALT.   If you like salty food, you'll LOVE this place.   The clams in broth were salty, my wife's pork sandwich was salty and my $11 Organic Grass-Fed burger was so salty, I could barely eat it.   
I would go here again, only if I were in the neighborhood, but only for beer.I went to meet some friends on a Friday night. It was surprisingly empty (might just have been an off time)
Decor is five stars, bottle list is 4 stars (although, they were out of the saison du pont. bummer)
but for a place called "tap room" I felt their draft list was lacking terribly. Very typical beers (alot of Bells?) and no real rarities.
All in all I got a nice vibe in there, but I don't think I would go out of my way to go backJust went here for the first time and it was spectacular, can't believe I am just now finding out about it.  First off, the bar has a great ambiance, very clean, great lighting, not too loud but still lively to just the right degree.  The bartenders were attentive and the service was solid.  More importantly, the beer selection was very good with a wide array of draft beers and an even bigger bottle selection (my favorite was the Stone Russian stout).  Foodwise, also awesome.  We had the grassfed burger with what seemed like homemade ketchup (it was awesome whatever it was) and this awesome mustard.  We also had the mac 'n cheese which was just amazing, it looked like something you would get for $30 at an expensive restaurant, it had this sweet mushrooms on top that really complimented the cheese very well.  I'm excited to go back and try their grilled cheese (supposed to be the best in the city) along with their wild boar tacos.  Additionally, the prices can't be beat for what you get.
Overall, great spot to go for dinner, beers, happy hour, lunch, brunch, etc...  I doubt this place can do a bad meal.The only reason I gave it three stars is because of the beer selection. I ordered the headcheese taco as a starter, which if I had know was "deconstructed", I would of skipped. Also save your money on the burger and go to the POPE instead. Very limited menu, but attentive service.Been here couple times with friends. Always have a good time with good foods and beverages. But last night, i went there with my girlfriend who come visited me from out of country. We've planned to spent another good time in this place when the new waitress ( i've never seen her before) asked my girlfriend to show her id. As a tourist she didn't have any State ID on her so she gave her a copy of her passport ( she never bring a real one for safety purpose ) with clear picture, full name and Date of birth. But the waitress refused to even take a look at that. She just said that she has to be older than 21 to walked into the place. Well, my girlfriend is 26 and it clearly print on a passport's copy. We've tried to reasoned with her but she keep refused to hear us. We're so upset and decided to just leave. To make matter worse, me and my girlfriend been there for at least two times before. The other waitresses seems to recognized us but they're just keep quiet. It's a shame since we really love this place. But after this incident we will never step our foot on this place again. My girlfriend felt humilliated and embarrased. Thank you for the "great" service!Stumbled upon this place when a friend moved into neighborhood, we were going to eat as well so I looked up the menu... poblano mole wings! Got to try them! Being a wing connoisseur I was excited about this. They were very god and lived up to expectation! Now I say "were" because they removed them from the menu. I went there specifically for the wings! Not a beer drinker and not "hip" on vegetarian food not much else grabbed me, but the poblano mole wings were great! Last night went there with a large group (me just for the wings and wine of course) and they were gone. Replaced by a dry naked fried wing served sparingly with some fried jalapeno and onions. No flavor, no taste and very dry! I told the waitress if I didn't like them I wasn't coming back and that may be true because they were terrible! I gave a few a try with no sauce then needed some hot sauce or something... they gave me their homemade hot sauce which wasn't bad (kind of salsa verde not really hot sauce) but was a saver to the dry crippled wings (they NEED a sauce). Wish they would bring back the mole wings, just saying! Until then probably won't suggest SPTR again! Otherwise atmosphere is good... but why change a good thing!there is something comforting about simplicity.  one of the most warming sensations is sitting down at moms kitchen table and having her whip me up a grilled cheese with tomato soup.  
now that i am grownup (whatever that means),  sitting down to grilled cheese sandwich with tomato soup means going to the sptr. it is so simple. 3 cheeses. texas-thick bread. tomato lager soup. fabulous! and...i can drink a beer with it! my favorite match is hitachino white ale. 
sptr is a great place if you are into beer. and, if you aren't, be curious. try something you have never had before. their selection is great and they always have a list of specials. you can always try something before you buy. 
service has always been great in my experiences. the servers know their shit. 
issues?
1. you can run into trouble finding a seat. they don't have any "method" of seating.  it can be uncomfortable standing around, waiting for a table to open. i feel like i am stalking the other diners. also, i have been "out seated" by some hipsters before so, if it is busy, be aggressive or you will never get a table.  hipsters are sneaky...
2. i am veg and their are only 2 options on the menu. they are really good options but, i would love it if they had a veg special every now and again.My favorite bar in South Philly.  Their mac & cheese and mole wings are amazing! Also, they always have a fantastic selection of beers on tap. My boyfriend is in love with the meatloaf as well. Can't say enough about this place.
Edited down to reflect the menu changes--no spicy vegan hoagie, no mole wings, no more meat loaf. Still the best beers on draft, however.After hearing about this place for over a year, finally found an excuse to go: Founders Friday. There's nothing like drinking usually expensive Founders beers for almost 1/2 price.
Walked in at 4:30 and the place was already full. Was imressed by the draft beer selection AND the bottle list. Server was attentive throughout the evening. As the evening sped along, the place got busier and busier. 
Ordered the southern fried chicken wings and an order of mac and cheese. The wings were seriously great. They were crunchy and had enough of a hint of salt to make the flavor pop. The side order of collard greens were spicy and cooked quite well. The mac and cheese was delicious. 
Definitely going back again. I shall never have to find an excuse to have to go, I will just get off my lazy ass and go.Mac 'n cheese with fried onions and scallions will cause you to throw out those crates of Kraft you bought from Costco last weekend. It gives a whole new meaning to creamy and delicious. 
Beers and ciders are very reasonably priced and staff are knowledgeable about every pour of the menu. The grilled cheese is enough warm squishy cheesy goodness for a pair to share for lunch, and the fries won't leave you disappointed.
Before you go, you'd be remiss to forgoe the ricotta donuts with hard-cider caramel drizzle. Imagine putting the most delicious donut in your mouth, adding sweet appley goodness, and then having room for four more. 
Best damn meal $50 can buy.Considering how long we have lived within 10 miles of this place, it's amazing that we never got ourselves in here since lately a lot of friends had been raving about the food and beer.  Well, we finally made it and had such a good meal, have come back 3 times more.  The first 3 visits, we arrived around noon for lunch.  SPTR is converted from 2 row houses and has a very funky atmosphere.  On the upper level, there are some unusual pieces with some serious age on them.
Many restaurants and bars, no matter where they are, usually could use a good cleaning.  Not SPTR.  2 of us were waiting for the other 2 and had glasses of hard cider to sip on.  I looked around and this place is spotless.  Even the HVAC return ducts are clean as a whistle.
On 2 visits I had the Rineer Family Farms Burger Medium Rare.  Outstanding.  The bun was toasted with a smear of a variety of things on each half.  Whatever those were, they were very tasty.  The fries were outstanding.  These days, when even Mickey D's fries are not as good as they used to be, these were double fried, crispy and outstanding.
On the other 2 visits, I had the Monkfish.  That particular fish is not available very often but SPTR seems to have a line as to where to get it and they do an excellent job preparing it.  Monkfish was the original McDonald's fish in their fish sandwich but their ad department wanted to put the Monkfish in some of their ads to increase customer awareness.  They took one look at a whole Monkfish and the whole chain moved to Alaskan Cod.  A Monkfish is one ugly fish but they taste great.
On our last visit, the day after Christmas, I also tried the Lamb Empanada.  This was the only dish we had in the 4 visits that was below expectations.  It seemed a bit overcooked and the stiffing was dry.
The other guests were the same 3 people for each of the visits.  One had the Monkfish on each of her visits and loved it.  Not only does the chef handle this well but the portions were excellent.  Of the other 2, one had the Burger on each of his visits and enjoyed them.  He was the beer drinker of the group and tried several of the drafts that he had not had before.  The last person is a chicken person and had the NC BBQ Chicken Sandwich on each of her visits and polished them off.
The menu is a little short but the choices available were well selected and well prepared.  The servers were friendly and knowledgeable and the food arrived nice and hot.  On our last visit, the place was about half full and the noise level was up but we could still have a normal voice conversation and had a good time together.
Parking in South Philadelphia can be a challenge but, for some reason, I always get lucky.  We were able to park right in front of the place on all 4 trips there without having to go around the block even once.
We would go back here in a minute.  Good food, good service and lots of interesting things to look at.We ate brunch here on Mother's day with the family after graduation. It's a chill atmosphere and, around noon, the right level of busy without having to wait for a table. The pancakes (medium size) are top notch and don't even need butter or syrup; the fruit puree does it all. The coffee is local and while I didn't have it, my parents and grandfather found it to be a tasty, unique blend. Two of us got the tacos. They had a good touch of mild-medium spiciness, I think from the guacamole. The pumpkin added a touch of sweetness that I feel like could have been heartier if done with sweet potato, but my palette leans sweet. The breakfast burger and bacon were hearty. The whole meal was all around great!The beer selection is great but we experienced a terrible situation while there which we do believe was racially charged. We're not angry about what happened and understand this type of stuff happens but I also don't want to over look it and just let it slide. We won't come back and its ashame because we all do enjoy what the taproom has to offer.Visited this place with my brother for a late night snack and drink.
Food (8.5/10) = Tried the wild boar tacos since my brother recommended it, and also since it was one of the most common mentioned items on Yelp.  Meat with great flavor.  Guacamole well made.  Proportions for each component of the taco were perfect.  You get two of these beauties per order.  
My brother got "My Mom's Meatloaf" (Mac and Cheese, barbequed mushrooms, made with country time pork). Simple. Comforting.  Velvety from the mac and cheese.  Savory meat.  To the chef, I love your mom for creating and teaching you this incredible dish.  All finished with Nitro Lancaster Creame Ale, and my usual go to beer - Allagash White.    
Service (8.0/10) = Just like the food, great friendly service.
Ambiance (8.0/10) = Tucked away in a neighborhood in South Philly.  Great wood finishes.
Overall opinion = this place is a gem in South Philly, serving awesome food and great beer.  You should definitely try the wild boar tacos.  But don't overlook "My Mom's Meatloaf!"Great draft beer list. Lunch menu is a little too short for my liking.
Bad service however on my last, and final, visit.
I stopped in for lunch, the place was empty at 1pm, mid-week.  I was thinking of some food and several pints.  The bartender working barely spoke to me when I came in an ordered and not at all after that.  I had a fantastic sandwich and a great beer but a second beer wasn't offered until I had finished my food and had had enough watching tv with mute on.
It got worse after that, I posted on twitter that SPTR has great beer and food but poor bartender service.  Whomever runs their twitter account chose to call me out rather than ask what happened.  They didn't seem to care very much about a customer with a complaint.
I won't be back.  There are plenty of places in Phila. to get draft beer.OMG Breakfast Burger. Obscenely delicious. I will travel hours for you, breakfast burger. You made my heart sing... sort of.This place is cozy and small.  My boy and I went there on a weeknight.  Not being much of an adventurous beer drinker, I just had Kenzinger while my boy got some crazy beer, but they had a decent variety on tap.  We say at the bar and the bartender was very attentive to us, but we were still able to converse with relative privacy.  WE started with the wild boar tacos, which were very good but nothing that most people couldn't make at home.  I ordered a special for dinner - trout on a salad and it was great.  The fish was perfectly done and the salad has just enough fixins to make it unique without clashing tastes to the palate.  My boy had a barbequed pork or chicken sandwhich (i forget) which he said was ok.  His main complaint was that the cole slaw on the sandwhich was too tangy to the point that it overpowered the flavor of the meat.
Overall I would eat here again and just order things that sound solid and not too experimental for the sake of being experimental in their flavor combos.Delicious southern style hot wings.. cooked to perfection. Beer selection is pretty good.Went this past Saturday before the Philly's game.  What they have in beer, they lack in wine.  4 choices by the glass, and only one can you purchase by the bottle.
we had two serviers, one was really friendly and the other very unfriendly.  Food was so-so.  Mac and cheese was good.Don't come here, you won't like it.
I promise, it's a waste of your time.  The mushroom-tofu scramble that I tasted and was delicious is not something you'd want.  The sticky rice dumplings drizzled with soy sauce which were downright amazing is not something you'd be interested in.
I can't imagine you'd appreciate the enfrijoladas with the black bean sauce and queso fresco.  I don't even think you'd like spicy bloody marys that they make or their awesome beer selection.
Really, I'm thinking of you here and trying to help you out.  Move along.
These aren't the droids you're looking for.This must have been an off day. It had to be. 
Came in this morning for brunch with some friends. The seating situation is a little hairy. Do you seat yourself? I have no idea, but we did.
Everything was just. so. slow. today. 
It took way longer than it should have to get water, to talk to our server, to get our food. When the food did come out, some was undercooked, some was cold. We were all too starving to say anything about it because it took somewhere around 40ish minutes to get our food, so we didn't even want to risk sending it back.
The server was nice enough, but really inattentive. She came by about 25 minutes after taking our orders to tell us our food would be out shortly. This was not true.
Eh.
Oh, one star is for the fact that they were playing the Smiths.My buddy just moved into this neighborhood recently, we stumbled across this bar a few months ago, and we don't really go anywhere else if we go out around here.  The beers are awesome, and cheap!  That would be enough for me, but they decided to go out and make so seriously good food.  The mac and cheese is insane, pretty  much everything that I have tried here has been super.  
In the better weather months they do a mini bar outside and it becomes a little block party, but with great beer!  As a brief aside, love the logo too, what could be better for a Philly bar!!I would give this place 5 stars. but they dont carry ranch sauce haha! Otherwise, this place is ideal and I love it.SPTR is a favorite in our household! Great happy hour specials. The food is delicious (I've never had such creamy Mac & Cheese); service is usually great-- not overly involved and fairly attentive.This update is dedicated to the SPTC Burger.  It seems to me that every tavern, taproom, and bar in philadelphia has come up with thier own "special" burger. I've decided its time to work my way through every burger i can find, and keep a list of my encounters for others.
Its billed as "100% LOCAL GRASS-FED BEEF BACON CHEESEBURGER beer braised bacon, lancaster smoked cheddar, shaved red onion, sly fox beer mustard (served rare, medium or well)".
This classic combination exhibted a strong sirloin flavor, and it's a generous helping of meat. I ordered rare - came out more medium rare, but delcious nonetheless. The side of marinated garden veggies that come along with it are a unique twist and really tasty/crunchy/peppery. Fries were big, thick and went well with the home made ketchup. great buy @ $10. 
Burgerlicious Rating = 8I really enjoy going to the taproom. Yes, it's crowded around the bar, but even on a busy Saturday night, we were able to snag a table for four away from the hubbub without so much as a wait. And I like the waitresses: every time we've been recently, they've had good senses of humor and are very personable, which makes everything a little more enjoyable. And although I'm not much of a beer person at all, the selection is great  since I'm usually able to find something I like (such as the Dogfish Head Pangaea the other day, and the sadly missing Sierra Nevada Belgian Trippel--which was there one delicious time and then was gone, much to my dismay).
But I think the reason I keep going back to the Taproom is the grilled cheese and tomato soup. It's the perfect winter meal, that grilled cheese: crispy, buttery, salty, and with just enough soup for dipping. The wings are also nice and crisp, lightly seasoned but tasty, without any of the gristle that wings normally have. 
SPTR usually plays decent music (the Zombies last night, for example), and although it can get noisy, if you can manage to grab one of the tables in the back the decibel level is more than manageable. If I lived in South Philly, I'm sure it would be hard to pry me out of here.Sadly no longer my local bar (I moved) but I still go there whenever I am around the area. Always bring my parents for brunch and I'm always on the look out for their events. 
Still one of my favorite bars in the city.Great food, and drinks. Great service. Love The ambiance. I go there often. Great beer selection. Also try the wild boar tacos.Eat here! Boar tacos are a must! Great deals and better food.Went to SPTR for brunch this morning - loved all of the sour beers on draft! We sampled most of them during our time here today. We shared an order of the wild boar tacos to start, sooo good! Very flavorful, perfectly tender meat - would definitely get this dish again. I had the potato, asparagus, and goat cheese frittata, it was so filling and very tasty. It was pretty crowded by the time we were leaving, and all of the employees were hustlin' their butts off! Go here, enjoy the great beer and delicious food.Food was absolutely delicious! My party & I ordered to share, the whole fried chicken, cole slaw, french fries, white bean & kale soup, jalapeño & cheddar cornbread and fried apple doughnuts w/hard apple cider caramel, and when I tell u everything was sooooooo awesome, I mean it! I felt like a glutton because I ate some of everything! I'm such a fat foodie! I will be back soon!So to start off, I will say for some reason Yelp uploaded the bf's pic and not mine.  Anywhoo, Im a woman, he's a man, the pictures are misleading, lol, doesnt matter, just clarifying.  This was not my first experience at the Taproom.  My boyfriend lives two blocks away so we occasionally go for happy hour, but not that much because many happy hours in the hood are much cheaper and have a better selection.  On this occasion, we went for dinner because we had a Restaurant.com coupon and thought we would be able to splurge a little.  We ordered our meal, fried chicken, some pork and potato appetizer (can't remember the name, it was spanish), and a side of mac and cheese.  I mentioned to the bf that he should tell the server that we had a coupon, good thing because when I did she said they did not accept that coupon any longer and were in dispute with Restaurant.com over the whole issue.  Thinking that our lovely experience was slowly going downhill, I was worried.  My bf was pissed off and stewing in his chair so I knew that he was about to blow at the fact that we purchased the coupon, but were now being told we could not use it.  About 5 minutes later, the manager came right over and said she would comp us $25 off the bill.  What a pleasant surprise to be compensated without any prodding from us.  The problem was corrected immediately in a courteous manner and we were able to continue eating our delicious meal and drinking our tasty beverages.  A minor glitch that could have turned us away completely has actually made me have a greater respect for this establishment and the professionalism under which they operate.  Kudos to you SPTR!!
Maia R. Maspeth, NYHaving finally ventured down to the Taproom, after living around the corner for a couple years, I've now been back twice in the same week. Food is delicious, great atmosphere, phenomenal beer list...and my first trip landed me on LeftHanded arm wrestling night. Hysterical. Brunch is also great. Might I recommend the blueberry cornbread pancakes with bacon, and the bloody mary's which were also delicious though a bit spicy.Awesome neighborhood pub.  Really good pub food and a huge beer selection.  Beer can get pricey, but the food rocks.Totally impressed by the menu. I came for the beer selection but I'm blown away by the totally-not-bar-food menu. I'm starting with Marinated Octopus on Wheat with pickled celery. I'm not sure where I'll go from there. Maybe a kale and apple salad or a wild boar taco. 
The beer, the reason I came, is amazing. It's a fresh from the cask, served at room temp, Belgian IPA DRY-hopped with ginger from Flying Dog Racing. The ginger is subtle and the hops are perfect.Fried Pb&J was yummy!  I had the scallops tostada's ,couldn't get over how fresh all the ingredients were. My boyfriend loved his beer battered tilapia tacos. 
Service was excellent! 
Cons- Wish the menu was largerBeing a vegetarian,  this was one of my go - to spots since I've lived here.  Their crispy potato tacos,  which were almost always on the specials menu, are AMAZING.   Not to mention the grilled cheese!!!  I was so disappointed to find out that they are no longer offering specials, just a limited menu that will apparently "rotate" every so often. Their prices went up, and you no longer get a choice of sides with your sandwich, only fries.  The worst part?   No potato tacos OR grilled cheese!   They were known city - wide for their grilled cheese, why take it off the menu????? The only answer I got was "they'll probably be on the menu again at some point."  SPTR, you've disappointed me.This place was great! Went on a Sunday morning the staff was super nice had the fried PB&J sandwich. It was fantastic! I will definetly go back!an absolutely fantastic bar, the tap room has yet to let me down in any way. good food, good company, well-priced all the way 'round.
plus, i can walk home from here, lickety split! there's another star right there.They crushed Philly Beer Week 2014!!!  I wish I just camped out there for it.  
420 / Lagunitas night:  The menu was unreal! crazy awesome concoctions like: mac and cheese with hot-dogs topped with doritos, bacon cheeseburger chimichangas, and my fav- a quesadilla stuffed with pb&j, chocolate, pretzels, topped with strawberry and basil.
If that kind of innovative thinking doesn't get your heart racing, I'm not sure what will.  Their beer list always rocks, their food is amazing, and with out of the box thinking like this- psh I'm not sure what else they can do to top it, but boy am I excited to see them try!Many disappointments:
1. Home-made ketchup was not good
2. Fries are dry and tasteless
3. Burgers are obviously frozen, pre-packaged, and not well cooked.  You can't even order medium-rare!
4. My beer was funky tasting and had no head.  I could hear the bartender comment to a friend that the beer I ordered was awful, but she didn't say anything to me or apologize when I obviously didn't drink it.
5. Did I mention that this entire experience was over-priced for the area?
Long story short - Stay Away!I saw SPTR on television and bookmarked it. I had some time to kill before I caught a flight, so my colleagues and I decided to hit up a place on my wish list. 
   When we saw the menu, we were tempted by too much, so we decided to order various items and allow one another to try our dishes.
   We all began with the apple and ricotta doughnuts, which were to die for. The donuts were well cooked, and the accompanying carmel sauce was an excellent touch. My colleague actually grabbed one of the last two donuts in the order and told my other colleague and me to figure out what to do with the remaining one. The donuts are that good!
   I ordered the scrapple, egg, and cheese sandwich. The sandwich was my first experience with scrapple, and I cannot say it was bad. The sandwich was filling, and I left satisfied.
   One of my colleagues ordered the Mac and Cheese, which was simply delicious. We were warned that it was not extremely cheesy, but the flavor made the insight an irrelevant detail. 
   Another diner ordered the French toast made from French bread instead of traditional white bread. The toast was not too eggy, but it had a wonderful texture and felt substantive. 
   Aside from the food, the beer selection was wonderful and reasonably priced. I ordered a couple of their special beers and was not disappointed.
   Overall, SPTR was a great experience. I really want to return with some clients to show them what real Philly food is.Being a vegetarian, I know fries.  I know fries in the way most long term vegetarians know fries...because their loved ones know burgers, cheesesteaks, etc.
The fries at SPTR are stupid delicious.  They are creamy on the inside, and crisp on the outside.  And the ketchup is pretty darn tasty too.
Frankly, the whole menu is pretty awesome. I've been for dinner, brunch, and drinks, and always leave stoked to have good veggie food in the city.  Mind you, the vegetarian/vegan selection isn't huge, but neither is the menu...if you're picky, check it out before venturing to this spot.The cheeseburger is excellent!! The bread, thick bacon, thinly sliced lightly pickled onions, and secret sauce go so well together! Best burger I've had in a while! Also they bring it out with some really good fries and homemade ketchup and an assortment of pickled vegetables that are oh so good. Service was excellent as well. Definitely will go back.Nice neighborhood bar that fills up quickly. Menu is interesting and the wild boar tacos are great. I have never had an entree here just bar snacks. The draft list rotates frequently and can be hit or miss. Kind if off the beaten path if you do not live in that neighborhood.SPTR changes every time I come to Philly, with a different chef, a different menu.  Regardless, I've always enjoyed the food, the selection of beers, the music, and the company. I love the local neighborhood vibe and it's a relaxed, low maintenance place for eating, drinking, and socializing.The food was okay, but the beer was good. I feel like you can find the same type of place with better food at a similar price.It hurts to give South Philadelphia Taproom only three stars, but it's well deserved after my most recent visit. The brunch was great- generous portions of French toast, eggs, and sausage that left me wanting more. What made this experience not so pleasant was the cleanliness and customer service. The table and menu were extremely sticky.  Perhaps some spilled beer from the night before that never really got washed off. Judging by the faint smell of stale beer in the air, the floors may be in for a good cleaning too. As far as customer service, the waiter was very nice, but it took an extremely long time to get us our food, all while multiple employees were setting up Christmas lights on the walls. All I can say is that South Philadelphia taproom needs to step it up, because they aren't the only kid in town with a great beer list!Wowza. We trekked down to SPTR a few days before New Year's Eve and man, was it worth it. We had a table of 12 and did not make a reservation (duh) so we sat at the bar. I had the tomato soup and chopped salad. The tomato soup was awesome and came with two mini grilled cheeses floating in it. The salad was also delicious and came with your choice of dressing. I am about 6 months pregnant and the bartenders were so nice and accomodating even when I was not drinking and taking up a barstool. My husband had grilled cheese and loved it and another friend of ours had a burger, which he had been talking about since he walked in. SPTR is cozy and the food is great. What a perfect combo!The South Philly Tap Room is great.  Very few places in Philly have such a good beer selection without becoming pretentious (Monk's, Eulogy, etc.).  The bartenders are friendly, but not overly so.  Brunch is great since all drafts are half priced, though with so many strong beers its not hard to get inappropriately drunk on a Sunday morning.  All in all, on of my favorite fall-back places in Philly.Their food is decent. I had a burger and the oysters. The oysters were super fresh and I was really pleased with that. Too bad I was into a conversation that I didn't start on my burger until it was a bit cold. Not their fault. 
The beer selection is ok. The list contains only 15-20 items I think. But my beers were pretty good.
Will definitely return to get my hot burger and try something new next time!Their burger is delicious. A bit messy but delicious. Attentive staff. Good jukebox and amazing draught beer selection.cute spot and great staff. they had basil hayden which for some reason is getting harder to find at bars. awesome draft selection and food smelt and looked good.I've had so many things on the menu and only recall one average item...the BBQ sandwich.  The fries and their own ketchup are phenomenal, other favorites include grilled cheese and tomato soup, wild boar tacos (holy cow these are good) and the fried pb&j...just try it.  
Beer menu is always solid.  Brunch is very good.  I'm glad I moved so close to such a cool spot but man...I feel out of place some days since I'm not a hipster.I love this bar. 
I've been going to the Tap Room since the days of Temple Tuesdays for the Quizzo and $2 lagers.  The place has definately changed since then.  It used to be GOOD BEER, cheap delish bar food, small space, and cool people.  Then suddenly quizzo was gone.  Then the cheap basic food.  The wall was knocked down for the bigger dining room.  But while taps rotate constantly, they've never wavered on the quality of beer.  
I'm not gonna complain about the newer, pricey menu...cause I love it.  I really do.  Those boar tacos, especially during happy hour when they're half price, are out-freakin-standing.  And there's just something about that grilled cheese.  yummy.  
The tap room also hold one of my favorite summer events...The Wheat Beer Fest.  An all day homage to drinkin the wheaties.  I wish this was more than just once a year.Solid bar. Great beer selection. Great staff. Nuff said.Came to visit here with some friends, one of which lived in the area.
The service was friendly, knowledgable, and helpful.  I had a Hefeweizen.  It was delicious and refreshing.
I loved the mix of items on the menu.  The menu itself wasn't terribly long.  However, the items seemed exciting.  Things like beef tartare, wild boar tacos, etc.
I enjoyed some delicious deviled eggs that contained I believe some cheddar, horseradish, and were topped with a halved cornichon.  Amazing.  
I had a fish sandwich, which was good.  But wasn't great.  I had picked it in a bit of a panic.  It felt not as moist as it should be.  It was still a delight, though.  However, the sides on the plate were large medallions of spiced pickle, french fries, pickled green tomato, and pickled mushroom.  I would reorder the dish for the sides alone they were that yummy.  I'm not sure if I've ever said that before?
Don't let this dissuade you from the fish sandwich- again, it was good, not great.  I'm tempted to try one of the other main dishes when, not if, I return.  
Bravo, South Philadelphia Tap Room.Great food here and a lot of beers.
Burger here is great. Juicy, well cooked, and well seasoned meat with thick, fatty, crisp bacon. Yum.
Wild boar tacos were great too and very meaty. I liked the fried onions they topped on the Mac and cheese.
Service was good. 
Will definitely returnwent here for dinner last night! so good! the apps were 1/2 price during happy hour - until 6. wild boar tacos - really really good! mac & cheese is a must get!! bacon, jalapenopeppers & a corn bread crumble. YUMMM!!!! we also got the sea scallops frittata - that was also great! and a veg dish with black beans and other stuff. SO SO SO GOOD! so glad we went there! will def. be going back with the hubs!I come here all the time after work.  Great local rotating beer on tap, great food, and great staff!  Looking for a regular hangout in South Philly?  This is the place!!The negative yelp reviews are likely only people who couldn't get laid in college.  Everything you've heard about the place being terrific is spot onUp and down with this place, and right now it is up. I had the soft shell crab tacos, and they were filling and delicious. My friend had the fish and chips and that is always sub par. The fish has a weird taste to it, so you end up dowsing it in the malt vinegar. It is like a fish sticks taste... blegh. At least the beer selection is awesome always. Can't screw that one up to much!having only been here three times, i may not be the best of judges, but i do try. i ate here once and the food was very good, i dont think the food is the main draw here though. the beer list is great, there are usually a bunch of the greats on draft  and the bottle list is notable, they had three of the big bottles from lost abbey available. this place is definately a spot to hit if you are, in fact a beer fan. my only complaint, and it is a very small one, i suffered through this nice guy getting gouged all night for $4.00 yuengling lagers, though alot of the other beers were reasonably priced. i guess thats where they make the margin or maybe that guy shoulda been drinkin somethin else.
i'm comin back for brunch!$1.50 Kenzingers during happy hour, Monday through Friday, 4-6. GREAT music. GREAT bartenders. Excellent food. Sweet beer selection. Don't be an idiot, go here, even if they insist on propagating that "Newbold" crap.Took the mom here, seriously awesome lunch with great service. Deviled eggs with crab were super crabby, no shortcuts there. Tartar was good. The trout was prepared perfectly, something you would expect from a fancy restaurant.This is a (mostly) brunch review....
Came in to grab a nice quiet brunch with my fiance. Unfortunately for us, SPTR had the same thing in mind, since it seemed like our server didn't want any part of talking to us. Our morning started of by walking in to the stone silence of the staff, no greeting. We sat down and asked for coffee. Repeat, WE asked for coffee, it was not offered. When it did arrive, It was cold. No water was ever offered. 
There were dirty dishes sitting out and it smelled awful in there. As if I had a party at my house and had neglected to clean up. Stale beer. Yuck.  
The food was aight. The grilled cheese was standard fare. Tomato lager soup hit a little too close to home much considering the wicked scents already wafting around. As for the side of mac n cheese, well that was cold. I would have sent it back, but our server never spoke to us again to see if we needed refills, check on the food or anything else. 
We've also been to the Tap Room a number of times during different parts of the day. Our other experiences haven't been as bad as this, though none were ever particularly good either. The servers, again, have always had a snide attitude. Once a beer snob server didn't want to serve me a Sea Dog that I ordered. I understand that gastropubs aren't exactly renowned for their service, nor should they be expected to, but must I feel like they are doing me a favor by taking my order? Whatever. 
I tried to like the Tap Room, really, I did. I gave it 5 or 6 chances in the last few years, with experiences ranging from minimally acceptable to downright awful. It just hasn't worked out. 
Basically, I'll never step foot in here again.Definitely one of my go-to spots in the city. I love when they have the bologna sliders, they pair perfectly with a nice, cold pilsner. All the bartenders are extremely friendly and seem genuinely excited to be working here and selling the quality product that the do. There's always a lively buzz to the place. Couldn't recommend more.Place is great!!! Perfect happy hour place. My girlfriend and I are becoming regulars. Make the trip when ya can.I've been here a handful of times and it's been pretty great each time. Most recently went on a cold Saturday night and had a good dinner. It was seat yourself and we were lucky enough to snag the perfect table. Unsure of what wait times normally are. We had wings which were delicious. No blue cheese or dressing, and very spicy- just what we were looking for. The grilled cheese was good, pickled vegetables and fries good. Oh, the one thing I wasn't pumped for- the lager tomato soup was NOT what I was looking for- just a little too beer-y for me. Chicken bahn me was awesome and we will definitely be back.Awesome beer selection and delicious food. The tomato lager soup was a revelation. The wait staff has been very friendly both times that we've gone (Sunday breakfast and Saturday night dinner). There is ample seating, which is always nice.Let me make this absolutely clear, as to protect the innocent:
Mom, I love you.  And I L-O-V-E your homemade macaroni 'n cheese.
And to the SPTR chef who makes his/her own version of the splendorous dish, I simultaneously love and hate you for it.  It's way too delicious for its own good, and you've forced me to question my beloved mother's number 1 status for mac 'n cheese.  You really should be ashamed of yourself.  I'll be back for more.
SPTR has an admirable array of draught beers, not all to my particular liking, but definitely hitting all the marks for variety of pales, lagers, barley wines and stouts.  There's something for everyone.  Unless you're a person who doesn't like beer.  Or decent mac 'n cheese.  Or good hearty food of any kind.  Then you wouldn't be coming to a place called a Tap Room to begin with, would you?This is my second time time here. The food has been amazing, and the the beer selection is really good. Tonight all of my tables beers were flat. Maybe just something not happening tonight...My hubby and I came here for dinner and we both ordered burgers and fries. The food was okay. We ordered apple cider on tap, which was actually pretty good. The ambience was casual and inviting, and I look forward to a return visit, but I'll be sure to order something different.This is a great local spot. I have been frequequenting  Philly a lot lately and get to try out all kinds of new spots. Last night we came to the Top House. Menu is small but everything was very good and eclectic. The beer taps are extensive including one on cask and one on nitro. For the price you won't be disappointed with the quality of the food and beer in a good, local pub environment.Quality beers for under $6?
I can sit at a table during dinner service even if I just want to drink?
The bartender is (*gasp*)....smiling?!
I'm clearly not in a NY beer bar anymore.  This happenin corner joint encompasses what I seek in a place to get my Friday drink on....It was packed but with a subdued crowd that were preoccupied with personal conversation as opposed to the loud and rowdy exclamations of drunkenness I have come to expect on the weekends.  The staff was busy  but not in a way that made you feel like conversation was out of the question, and the jukebox was fantastic---and it didn't light up, download from the internet, or cost an obscene amount to indulge in...YIPPEE!
I enjoyed it so much we returned the next day for brunch, which was not as thrilling of an experience (the server was clearly either drunk or hungover to an extreme that impaired his functioning) and pretty much made every mistake possible.  I won't hold it against you, SPTR...this time.
On a side note I left my wallet on the table and it was returned to me, with everything inside....including cash.  Yea, I'm not in NY anymore.Review is only for the beer an not the food. But it's a great beer bar with knowledgeable waiters that let you sample beers. And it's gotten me into south philly and away from the crowds of center city.This place has probably some of the best bar food you'll ever sink your teeth into. The Monster grilled cheese sandwich is killer! Not to mention they have a fine selection of beers bottled and tapped. Even some seasonal stuff you'd be surprised. The service is very friendly and it caters to a fun crowd of all ages. I was even impressed with the selections available on their jukebox. Now they extended their place to a seating area for real dining, also upping their menu for more delites. So if you're new to the South Philly area and want to find a comfortable and affordable bar, this is it!We get to the tap room maybe once every couple of months, most recently last night. I know they've gone through some menu changes, and I've been told in the past that their Nazi chef is gone. With the menu as is, they have some mighty tasty treats available at decent prices. I've had the vegan hoagie, available at $10, a few times and each time I am full with food still left on the plate. The hummus plate for $8 was just enough to fill me up, and a great consistency, paired with some roasted peppers, cucumbers, olives, and warmed pita. Also delicious is the tomato lager soup, better than your average tomato soup. It's a great choice when you have a mix of omnivores and vegetarians (or vegans).
This wouldn't be a true tap room if they didn't have a great selection of beers on tap, and boy, do they. They usually have around a dozen or more beers available, and the selection ranges pretty widely,with quite a few PA options (and usually a few Michigan ones too, which I'm always happy to see). Prices of the beers are great as well, usually ranging from $4 to $6 or so for most beers on tap.  And if they don't have on tap, they just might have it available in bottle, with a decent selection. Don't come here looking for the majors, though. Their selection is all about the craft beers, and that's just fine with me.
The only thing I don't like is the volume. Maybe my age is starting to show, but I hate having to talk really loudly just as part of my dinner conversation. I'm not looking for quiet dining here; I'd just like to not have to constantly ask someone to repeat what they said. Oh, also, the bartender / server is just a bit too impatient (even when not that busy), and lets it show with some passive-aggressive attitude. But ifJust far enough from the center that you probably won't run into anyone you know. Kenzinger is 3 bux. Plus a wide, revolving selection of other beers on tap. The men's room is painted in blackboard, and chalk is provided. The women's, unfortunately, offers nothing. 
The food is excellent. The tomato lager soup come with mini grilled cheeses sitting in the bowl. The wild boar tacos are gourmet and may be the best i've ever had, even better than late night san francisco mission super tacos for 2 and half dollars. The fries are amazing, too, and the ketchup must be homemade. 
It's nice and dark and not too crowded during the week. It's clean and well kept and not quite a dive. It's a new favorite.