I agree with the grease smell and the concerns over cleanliness. That's why I would never bring someone I was trying to impress here...Unless they only had 3 dollars in their pocket. You can get two mediums pies for 12 dollars. The norm in the city is 10 bucks for ONE pie! No, it is not the greatest food in the world, but for the cheap it is more than acceptable. The only thing my roomates and I get from here is pizza deals, cheese steak deals (2 cheesesteak+2 fries+wings 16 bucks) and their turkey clubs are pretty good.Terrible terrible terrible. The dough is terrible. The ingredients are terrible. The toppings are terrible. And the pizza arrived cold. Avoid.Disgusting taste. Didn't have to wait long, but ugh was the pizza awful. It wasn't just the crust, the cheese had that weird plastic-y taste too. Do yourself a favor and never get the pizza here.We ordered a pizza, gyro and a few other things. The gyro was really good. I definitely would go there again. It's close to where we were. The counter girl was super friendly she gave us extra gyro sauce. And the most important thing is our food was ready when we got there didn't have to wait.I just had the most delicious sandwich from this place.   Pizza chicken cheese steak.  The roll was delicious and the chicken was moist and had a fantastic texture.  The price was right too.Maybe it was my bad for ordering fish and chips from a dirty pizza place at  1 am on a Sunday  morning. 
But I have two excuses: 
I was still salivating over John's f&c's from pub and kitchen on Friday night...
AND 
REALLY GRADUATE HOSPITAL AREA? REALLY? There is nowhere to get some food on a Sunday night. This is why I need to open a diner! 
Southside was the only place that would deliver to us. 
On the bright side, the cheese whiz on John's fries was especially orange and fresh. 
SO moral of the story: (as told by John T. ) Ordering fish and chips from a dirty pizza place is like ordering a cheeseburger from a Chinese takeaway (something I am also guilty of)
Really, I am giving myself one star. 
xofood is OK. pizza usually undercooked even when you asked for it well done.
do not get the buff chix pizza it was inedible. but food is OK quick deliveryIt's sad, because I live across the street from this place. I wanted to love it, but Southside Pizza on 20th at Carpenter freaks me out. It has something to do with the fact that it just appears unclean, and it has this overwhelming smell of grease. I have only gotten plain pizza here, and they're made really sloppy. Just imaging them making it on a dirty counter has led me to throw my pizza away before finishing it. Recently I decided to see if my hunch was correct, and I looked up their restaurant inspection report and found that they were cited for a fly infestation and a mouse infestation -- WITH MOUSE DROPPINGS FOUND ON THE COUNTER -- less than a year ago. In subsequent inspections, no violations have been found. But still, I just can't go back. My husband gets hoagies from Southside every so often and he has no complaints.Food is frozen and warmed up. Owner also own multiple properties in the area and hasn't paid the city taxes in years. Also, they have zero consideration for the neighbors as they power wash their building between 1am and 5am. Their customers liter the street and sit on neighboring stoops and leave their garbage behind. Wish this place would closeIf you want to have gas, heartburn, and destroy the toilet, eat here.
The pizza dough is prepackaged, wings ok, food just meh.
It should be cheaper bc it tastes like cheap food.Great pizza from South Side Pizza (te wings were really good too!)! Quick delivery and reasonable prices! Will definitely return !The pizza here is not much better than a frozen one from the grocery store. The crust does not appear to be handmade, but one from a Joe Corbi's pizza kit. I got the Southside Special (the veggie pizza). Good: a ton of toppings (onions, green peppers, spinach, mushrooms). Bad: it appeared as if they took a pre-made plain pizza and threw on canned mushrooms and frozen spinach (onions and green peppers are fresh, as I could tell). 
I guess this place is edible if stuck in a jam or left with no other options. So the search for my local pizza joint continues...Overall enjoyable experience. I think the current overall rating is low. Pizza was solid. Had a very large menu with tons of options. The menu is almost overwhelming when you're ordering in the store but hey, the more the merrier. Only knock is that you can't order individual slices. You need to order either a small, medium, or large pie which can be inconvenient. That being said, quality pizza.It's too bad...food is decent for takeout. Wings are some of the best. There are a few ladies behind the counter that are sassy but they've got it together and will take care of you- once you're nice and show them you're cool. Otherwise, service is down right horrible. It feels like you're doing them a favor by ordering and paying for your food. JeezThree times I ordered from this place and each time the order was wrong. Stuff left off the order, different items delivered, once we never even got the order. 
Tonight after forgetting the garlic bread they reluctantly agreed to redeliver...not the garlic rolls we thought we had ordered, but 2 pieces of white bread stuck on the grill and sprinkled with garlic.
The food is mediocre at best....many more places nearby that are so much better. Save your money, time and stomach the aggrevation and go elsewhereGreat pizza for a great price.  The pizza was the best pepperoni pizza I've had in Philadelphia. I will definitely go back for more. It was cheesy and doughy in a good way.I thought about giving an extra star for being open later than the other pizza options in the area.  I had a pizza craving at 11 pm and there it was, ready for pick up.  However, it's a freakin' pre-made crust like something you'd get from a fundraiser pizza kit.  It's inexcusable to run a pizza shop and use something you'd be able to purchase from a grocery freezer.
It cannot be about the material cost.  I have been making pizzas since my college days.  Of course I didn't have much money, but I was still able to make them.  On a commercial scale, it seems penny wise but pound foolish.  Is it the lack of skill to make pizza?  So why the hell would someone start a business in pizza making if that were the case?  If the wage slaves at Domino's can (and they do) hand toss, it's hopeless for this South Side pie.I wish I could give it a 3.5. I live in the neighborhood so initially tried this spot out of convenience. Other reviews are accurate that service is sometimes "cranky", but there are a few truly bright spots. 1) Their individual chicken wings (not buffalo, but think fried chicken), are downright exceptional. If I find myself craving fried chicken, this is the best place to go. 2) Their lamb gyro is also exceptional. Not sure if they have an actual greek partner, but the pita tastes homemade and the lamb is moist and perfectly seasoned. The only better one I've had in the city is from the Greek Lady in west Philly. And the platter comes with a generous portion of fries so a great deal (feeds 2 people). 3) They make a great calzone. Which is weird, as I agree the pizza is pretty awful. In fact we refuse to order pizza from them. But the calzone? Remarkably solid. So strange that they can do one but not the other?? Anyway, in short, they have a few awesome items, and are better than you'd first think. The menu is spotty so you have to make up your own mind on a case by case basis, but don't dismiss them just because of the service or pizza. They should change their name to South Side Wings and More, just remove "Pizza" for goodness sake.This rating is based solely on buffalo wings alone. I don't think my boyfriend and I have ever ordered anything else from this place. The wing sauce is that good that we have no desire to try anything else on the menu, and we won't order wings from any other place. We went to a super bowl party yesterday which had buffalo wings from South Side, Santucci's and some other place in Jersey that someone brought with them. South Side's were the hands down favorite among everyone. Some people were even dipping the wings from the other places in their sauce to make them taste just as good. We always get the hot ones which have just enough heat. The mild ones have no heat but the same wing sauce flavor. I don't know if they make their own sauce from scratch or purchase it, but I really don't care. As long as they don't change what they're doing I'll continue to get my wings only from them and we'll continue to spread the word.I live scarily close to this place, so close that I am surprised that I don't eat here everyday (may have happened a few times when I was busy, I admit).
No, this isn't the best pizza around, some may say it's not even really "good" at all. BUT, hear me out, is it $1.50 a freakin slice. You can go in there with $3, put it on the counter, and walk out with an entire meal. Try it next time. Other food options are also just OK, like the wings, and sandwiches (chicken parm, meatball parm, etc). 
They do deliver, but like I said, I live so close that if I asked for delivery they'd probably be like "LOL you crazy girl" And they are open relatively late, at least until midnight on the weekends, and I believe 10 or so on weeknights. 
So I'll put it this way, South Side Pizza serves its purpose of being convenient, cheap, and not terrible. I don't know how much that's saying, but it'll do. Also I would TOTALLY give them another star if they were one of those pizza joints that sold 6-packs as well. Hint hint.I wish you could give 0 stars for this shit hole. I'll admit, I went back because the first time we had gone to pick up a buffalo pizza, the counter lady was really nice. Now, fast forward 1 year... that's right! We decided not to go back because the buff chicken pizza left A LOT to be desired. Anyway, so we were hungry and these folks were open late, so we decide to get their Southside Special pizza with added sausage. I order this through the app but decide to pay upon arrival. When I arrive, I'm met with eye rolling wonderment and hair-touching sassiness!!! One girl was messing with the other girl's hair at the counter. Now, I work in the food and service industry, so I have a bit of credibility here... NO ONE SHOULD EVER BE TOUCHING THEIR HAIR OR MESSING WITH SOMEONE ELSE'S ANYWHERE IN, AROUND, OR NEAR FOOD!!!!!!!! So that's strike 2. (Strike 1 was the first bad pizza a year ago, BTW.) once i get to the counter, i tell them the pizza which I had ordered on Yelp24 and they tell me that it is a different price than what Yelp24 had given me. It was about a $2 difference. I told the ladies that I'm going to pay for the food on my app instead, to which Thing 1 says, "It's not going to be any different." I respond with, "Ok, but I'm still going to pay on my app anyway." And so I did. And of course, it was different. And of course, my vengeful HANGRY self put the phone in the girls' face and say, "Ya see, it is different!", to which, OF COURSE, the girls suck their teeth and flip their hair. "It'll be a few more minutes, mistah", the other one says. 
I finally get my pizza, and take, what seems to be, the longest walk home EVER! My partner and I sit to eat, absolutely famished at this point, to a soggy, unfresh, weirdness of a pizza. It was thick, but not deep dish (not that that's what they advertise, but if it's gonna be a thicker crust, it should either be a Sicilian, Roman-style, or deep-dish pizza! I'm from Brooklyn... don't f@$k with my pizza!!!). We eat the pizza out of hunger not because it was any good. 
Those of you who say these folks have good pizza, ya need to try something else. THIS IS NOT GOOD PIZZA!!! Try Kosmos on South Street off of Broad or Gennaro's on Bainbridge and 13th.This is your lazy Sunday go-to if you live in the hood.  I'm really grateful to just have a go-to that's like a block away, considering the sparsity of eateries in my hood.  
I mean, they have your typical "let's get fat and murder our arteries" Philly bullshit staples, but at least they have a wide variety of them.  They got gyros, they got pizza, they got cheesesteaks, they got hoagies, they got wings, they got burgers, they got salads, they got fried seafood, they got milkshakes, they got calzones.  Pretty much any food that you want to murder yourself with.  
Other interesting notes:  they do deliver and the ladies that work there are quite nice.  Also, lots of neighborhood kids are there at any given time.Southside pizza is super convenient for me as I live about 2 blocks away. That gives them one star alone. While the service is great, the ladies at the counter, though always busy, are extremely friendly, the majority of the food leaves a lot to be desired.
I do really like the Seafood Salad, and the Southside Special salad is loaded with arguably too much stuff (is that even possible?). I'm very partial to my pizza sauce and theirs doesn't do it for me.
Yes, it's good in a pinch, but really convenience VS quality is something you do need to consider. You can get a decent, not extraordinary meal here.I'm conflicted about South Street Pizza. The other reviews are 100% right about bad service and pizza that tastes pre-made. Both are truly awful. But I find myself coming back here for the convenience of being open late and the hot wings. Seriously, I've had wings all over philly and they nail them here. One of my favorites in the city. Although I mostly restrict my orders from here to wings these days, they're worth checking out.Despite many negative pizza reviews, I gave this place a try for some pizza. Given that it is cheap and super close to home, I figured it couldn't be that bad. I placed an order over the phone on Halloween evening. I had to wait a few minutes when I called, but the girl on the phone was very polite. Ten to fifteen minutes later, my large plain pizza was ready for a grand total of $10.75. It reminded me of Chuck e Cheese pizza, in a good way. The crust was thicker, but airy. There was plenty of cheese, but very little sauce. Not a bad thing, but it didn't leave me able to judge the quality of the sauce. Overall, it was satisfying. Would I order again....most likely. Sure, I like Kermitt's Bake Shoppe or Slice pizza better, but they are both twice the price and distance.Worst food ever there was a bug and hair in my cold soggy limp pizza with a drunk delivery driver and a watery chocolate milkshake I will never order anything from this place again and if you value your life I suggest you don't eat here either I'm calling the health department!!!! Should get minus 10 but had to give 1 star to rate deserves NOTHING AND DISGUSTING!! Should've ordered from my side of town apparently!!I was very excited to find a pizza place that servers beef pepperoni and beef sausage! Boy was I very disappointment . I order the meat lover pie which came with meatballs, beef sausage and beef pepperoni. Well let put it this way I couldn't tell which was the meatball and what the sausage, the pepperoni was tasty. But the crust was cook in a pan!!! Come on now u are in Philly hand toss is the only way to to go! Lucky I had a groupon deal and I only paid $4.22 for this pie I will not be going back!  I wish I would have read the yelp early because I would have skip on this placePretty good for the most part, good for pizza and buffalo wings. Delivery not the fastest. Stromboli not bad either. Coupon specials are the best way to go.We decided to try this restaurant, prior to reading the reviews on yelp. I wish we would have done some research before we ordered. 
I called to place an order for pick up, the girl did not even get my name to reference my order. Our phone conversation went a little like this: I ordered, she told me the total, and then she hung up. However, she called right back to say, "You know we are at 20th and Carpenter, right?". 
I walked in and the place looked dirty. I told the girl behind the counter that I was here to pick up my order. She proceeded to ignore me and assist 2 other customers. Then, she asked what I ordered and asked me to pay now. I said ok, what's the total. She did not even know. Nor did she know what I ordered after I proceeded to tell her 3 times. Anyway, she finally looked up my order in the system and they said that part of my order would be right up. I waited an additional 20 minutes...... No food. I demanded a refund. From time I placed the call to the time I asked for the refund. Over an hour! That is ridiculous, especially for take out. Oh, and a slew of people came in and out of the shop while I waited for my order including the delivery driver who I could tell recognized me and gave me a look like, "Your still here?!?"
Please do yourself a favor and stay away from this place. Now, just to let you know, some of the people that I was standing around with did say that the food was good. And they told me this unsolicited. However, they were regulars to the establishment and this was my first and last time. I guess maybe they do not fare well with newbies to their business ~ only existing customers.their milkshakes are made with Breyers ice cream and milk, 100% natural and 100% tasty!Three qualities  - 1. Rude, 2. Unprofessional, and 3. Inconsistent in the price between menu & bill (with a lame excuse of 'oh we are yet to update our menu prices.')Honest to god some of the worst pizza I've ever had. I don't understand how you mess up something as straight forward as pizza but they've done it here. I've had frozen pizza with more taste. The fries were cold and soggy. The delivery driver was nice but couldn't find my address, which was no big deal to me. I really can't recommend this place. The price is low, but really not worth it.Taffika should be FIRED. Too busy telling her friend on the phone how she likes some song, all the while messing up my order. I came directly from chemo to eat here. I asked to speak with the manager, she said yeah, tomorrow, at 11. I asked for the owners direct number and was answered with a nah I'm not. So, I'm sitting here full on Chemo, with nothing I can eat.Worst customer service! The girl on the phone responsible for taking the order was the rudest! I hung up and decided to take my business elsewhere. If you hate working there that much quit but don't be AH to customersIf I could give this place negative stars I would! I ordered from Eat24 and after not receiving my food after 1.5 hours I contacted the restaurant. Of course they didn't prepare my food and said they had issues with their internet. This is the second time they did that to me this year. The food is just average and definitely not with 2 hours wait. This place is pathetic and will not be getting any business from me anymore! Why have online ordering if the internet is always down and not accepting people's orders. -5 stars for this dump!I cannot stand the girls that answers the phone...they are rude and rush you off the phone..the pizza wasn't good to me, but the stromboli was just ok.The only thing good about this place was that the order was correct. Food wasn't great, pretty average. The problem was the delivery time. It was so late my food arrived cold. Never going to order from them again.  Called two times for an update and the woman that answered both times had no idea what she was talking about.Well I have been going to South Side for 6 or 7 years, South Side is very reliable and a great source of fast food. Service is always friendly on time price is good.I'm disappointed everytime I give them a chance (or are out of options). I order using grubhub. They forget to bring drinks often and if they are out of something they don't call to rectify or substitute when I've already paid by credit card. The food is already lackluster and the service is as well.I've come out of Yelp hiatus for this and don't even know what to say.  The food was terrible and is literally the epitome of "idgaf about anything".  
So the delivery comes on time, no problem there.  Slowly and carefully I proceed up the stairs to her bedroom while balancing plates and condiments in one hand and a large paper bag in the other.  I kick the door open and seeing me struggling she retrieves the plates and bag.  I'm left with a small black plastic bag twisting one way then the other on my wrist, inside containing what I assume to be a milkshake.
I take one sip and inform her that if the milkshake is any indication of what is in the bag we are in for a very sad and depressing meal.  The milkshake was the worst milkshake I've ever had.
We placed the the styrofoam containers side by side and looked at each other as if we were about to hold hands and run off a cliff together.  We were watching Lockup on Netflix, it said there was new episodes but I swear I've seen them before.
Anyway, my sandwich was wet.  The bread was literally wet.  Her Alfredo pasta tasted like pure butter when I snuck a bite, she seemed relieved she hadn't decided on the grilled salmon with the Alfredo for an extra $7.  The popcorn shrimp came as a much smaller portion than what was described on the menu the cocktail sauce had white and milky swirls in it and it turned my stomach.
The fries looked grey and hollow.  I can only liken the taste to a complete and soggy raincoat of apathy.  Everything tasted like it had been made in a microwave of depression.
Her salad came with no dressing, the one ring of green bell pepper seemed fresh.
The garlic bread was the highlight of the meal and decent so I've attached a picture of that.
Thankfully neither her nor I became sick we simply sat together not talking albeit the occasional "that was really just terrible" would be muttered.  I guess I was full but not satisfied.  She farted all night and in the morning we decided not to see each other again... At least for a while.
The prices and menu variety may look appealing but just save your money because if you have aaccess to a microwave, bread, tomato sauce, high on drugs and/or are lonely and depressed and feel worthless you can make this meal yourself.So... this review is going to be a little one sided cause I only had the spicy buffalo chicken wings but they are THE SHIT!!!!!  For reals....  Not the cleanest looking place.... employees are negative on the friendly scale.... but if you're looking for some good wings in the G-ho, give them a try.Never ever expect to feel like a human when you walk in or call this place. They don't acknowledge you, they don't speak to you and the food is shit. Consider this your only go to if you're fucked up of some sort. The quality of the staff speaks volumes about the quality of the food, which is, again, shit.We always get delivery from here and it's quick :) The square pizza and hoagies are good and affordable- honestly, what more could you ask for in this area. Thanks for awesome service and food!They'll put you on hold just to tell a fucking joke to their co-worker and fuck up your order in the process.. 
As far as the food, I'd rather eat a P&J sandwich on moldy bread than order food from here again.I use GrubHub to place all my orders, so I don't know if the staff improved or not, but a long time ago there wasn't nothing but hood rats working. 
Anyway, I ordered a Chicken Parmigiana Sandwich that was good as hell. 
It might be safe to say, the food has gotten a lot better, but don't quote me on that. I might've just been lucky.As a recently transplanted New Yorker in Philly, I looked for any pizza to try. When this place's menu showed up in my mailbox, I figured I might as well.
If i could go back and stop myself, I'd go back and never move to Philly instead: just to avoid this pizza, that is. This pizza, if you can really call it such, is a heinous crime: the sauce was insipid and tasteless, the cheese was tough and overdone. The bread was nothing more than a vehicle to deliver this abomination (pictured below) woefully into my mouth. 
The girl on the phone was also pretty rude. No thanks.If you're going to order from here, just know that you're going to get crap. It's not worth it. I really want to drone on about how the pizza is the same disgusting dough that you taste at all the other crappy pizza places, or maybe how the sandwich met the bare minimum dictionary definition of one (in that there was bread and some shit in between), but the most important thing to take away from this place is that no one fucking cares at all about anything.
Ask questions? No response. Say thank you when they hand your food? Nothing. I can stand rude service if the food is good, but it's shit. It tastes fucking terrible. I can't help but think these four and five stars are thinking of some other place because this is easily the worst food I've had in Philadelphia.
I think I'm just jealous. I want nothing more than to throw some ingredients in a box and charge people real actual money for it while I dick around on my cell phone all night.
They stay in business because people are up late and drunk. Not because they make palatable food and it's certainly not for their shitty customer service.they are extremely rude!!! Never order from them. It took them over a hour to get to me I called the store and the guy on the phone was being ignorant! By the time I got the call for my food I didn't want it because I was disgusted by how they handled business! They also told me they couldn't find my order.Just gross. Pizza was clearly made hours earlier and reheated. See picture. Chicken fingers were tough, cold and salty as hell. Greek salad was weak, no olives, and dressing was gross. With so many good pizza places we are never coming back.Ordered Pizza and wings . We have ordered since they first opened snd were on the opposite side of the street. The pizza was hard . The cheese was stiff and tasteless . It was  also  salty .  I didn't realize also that the ownership changed . So did the pizza.Pizza is decent. They need to work on customer service. I wanted a cup of tap water or to fill my water bottle and I was told "there is not a tap". I asked the cashier if she could use the kitchen sink and she said they don't offer that and turned back to her cell phone that she remained on the whole time I was in the restaurant. This is the first restaurant take out or sit down that has not allowed tap water to be given to customers.A lot of terrible reviews on here for petty things. At the end of the day the place has decent food. We've tried both regular and gourmet pizzas, Strombolis, and fries and have to say we were satisfied every time. We live close and I'm happy to have a dependable pizza place we can walk to. It's always ready in 20 ish minutes too even on football Sunday's:best wings in the city!! been eating them since i was little & get the banana pudding you won't be disappointed!! just wish they would deliver to 2st ;(Definitely the worst food I've ever had :/
Spaghetti with sausage was just mushy noodles basic sauce and HOT DOGS LOL
fries were bland 
Even the ketchup tastes cheapWe have ordered from this place since they first opened at the location across the street from where they are now. Against my better judgement since the place has changed hands and changed quality  I ordered a salad and wings tonight and  an hour later I am still waiting . I called to check on the order and the person who answered could give me no information. The service is the awful since they changed hands . Say what you want about the women that used to work the counter under the old owner , they knew what was going on with your order . If they had to call a driver they did. I stopped ordering pizza from here  but thought I could do a small order but I guess not . I'm done.If I could give negative reviews and I would. I ordered a chicken salad. Not even 5 minutes later, I cancel it as something popped up. I get a call 30 seconds later demanding that I pick up the salad and going forward I have to prepay.  I have never even experienced that. Ii was told an hour then 25 minutes. I gave ample time based on the time I was given. 
So I go in the store to pick up my salad. The young girl who called me- is giving me the rudest smirks and horrible attitude. I talk to the owner and he's like what do you want me to do. How about apologize for what she did or have the girl apologize. How hard is it for someone to say I'm sorry for providing false information. Instead- he tells me there are other pizza shops. Damn straight there is- that's why I go there and not here. I only came because it's across the street from me: 
My salad is decent. If it wasn't for the rude staff- I'd get it again. But moral of the story- treat your customers with respect.  A simple apology goes a long way.   
Now I get the bad reviews even though the owner claims new ownership.Didn't realize I had to indicate that I wanted marinara sauce with my mozzarella sticks.
Delivery was 30 minutes late.
Not ordering from here again.I was high and this pizza still wasn't worth eating. Yelp wouldn't let me post a one sentence review, but that pretty much summed it up.This is so sad to write because I really wish Southside could get it together. We would love to have a local pizzeria as a go-to. However, we ordered food at 8:15pm through GrubHub, at 9:45pm we still do not get the food. So I called and was told the food was on the delivery vehicle. We waited until 1035pm and called again because there was no food delivered. At that time I was then told that they "never got my order" and that they are closed now (though they don't close until 11pm) and they can't do anything to help me. They told me that I need to call Grubhub for a refund. I asked if they could make the order now and was told no they already cleaned. They said they can't refund me and that the person who told me it was on the delivery vehicle "didn't know what she was talking about." This is not the first time they have messed up an order or taken a little long to deliver but this is the most ridiculous and we will not be coming back. I understand things have been difficult with the pandemic and I want to support local business but that's unacceptable.New ownership in the last few months. Making a real effort to improve the food and service!
Got a slice of cheese and probably one of the better pizzas I've had in Philly. Nothing overly fancy so it's not going to compare to Beddia or pizzeria Vetri. Lower price point then most sit down places.  It's a solid, "I don't want to cook, so let's get a quick pie." 
Also heard their eggplant parm is good.best wings in the city!! been eating them since i was little. & get the banana pudding you won't be disappointedDO NOT ORDER FROM HERE. I got food poisoning from this place. No matter how desperate you are for pizza or fries, save yourself. It's not worth it. The food I ordered from here was the only thing I'd eaten the whole day. There must have been cross contamination with raw meat or rotten dairy. Now I've lost a full day of work, because I was too lazy to cook last night. At least I'll be ten pounds lighter by the time I stop puking.I ordered a chicken parm from this place it was one of the nastiest things I have ever eaten the spaghetti was mushy the chicken with hard and old
NEVER ORDER FROM THIS PLACE THEY USE OLD FOODWe ordered food for a work meeting - just over $200 worth of food including tip. When the food arrived, it was unlabeled, so we had to open each individual box and sandwich to figure out whose food was whose. It's not that hard to write "chicken" or "steak" on the outside of a box/sandwich. In addition, several of the items were not what we ordered - including buffalo wings with no buffalo sauce, and a fried flounder sandwich that came with no sandwich. I called the restaurant to inform them about these errors, spoke to a manager, and the manager refused to apologize and did not offer any refund or credit. We will not be ordering from them again.Not a good experience. Order was an hour and 40mins late due to the apps error in processing my order. I had to call to get and updated status on my Order when it was well pass the delivery time
Again not a good experienceOrdered a Stromboli through GH, this particular restaurant delivers in house, so GH doesn't contract a driver. My food never showed up, was over an hour of my time wasted. I do not recommend.Southside Pizza and Grill littered my neighborhood with their menus. It's been a few days since their promotional effort and now dozens of their menus lie in the streets and on the sidewalks. DO NOT PATRONIZE BUSINESSES THAT DO NOT RESPECT THE NEIGHBORHOOD!Do yourself a favor and order from anywhere but this place. They're conveniently around the corner from me but the service is absolutely horrible. The staff is extremely rude and nasty and the food is below average. I've never experienced such terrible service and that's saying a lot coming from someone who lives in philly.