Cocktails are fantastic.  I can't recommend the Pall Mall enough!  The wait staff is adorable and the clientel ecclectic.  The atmosphere is pretty romantic.  We came for drinks and ended up getting a home made chocolate mint ice cream sandwich to split.  YES.  DO IT!I live two doors down from them and never went in, until I did. And now I can't stop going in on my way home from work, late night or not. Maria is a.MA.zing. 
As in, purely amazing. I gave her 3 ingredients for a cocktail, and she made two of *now* my favourite cocktails of all times. 
I said, I like gin. Could you please make me anything you want with gin, cracked black pepper (lifelong fetish)  and lemon zest? And she did. And now, I can't stop going there, period.I was there this past Saturday night.  An eclectic crowd, wonderful service, a simple but diverse menu with the freshest and tastiest ingredients you will find anywhere in Philadelphia.  
And what a selection of gins!  The best I have ever found at one establishment.
The soup of the day, a root vegetable, cranberry bean (broth based), was absolutely heaven with every spoon I put into my mouth.  The striped bass entrée was fabulous, served with a mixture of sweet potato, corn crushed or slightly pureed.  My friend had the halibut.  It melted in my mouth.  The fish portions were on the smaller side, but with a mid-$20's price range it seemed reasonable.  You will not leave hungry.  By the way, the bread served with a lemon butter on the side was also superb.
Nothing but rave reviews from me for this foodie gem.I haven't been this disappointed since the last Eagles NFC Championship game. I have been looking forward to checking this place out for quite some time. When we first sat down, we asked the waiter for his drink recommendations. His response was cocky, condescending, and simply disrespectful. It was as if how dare we even ask what cocktails are good since every cocktail will be the best you have ever tried and consider yourself worthy of even being here to try it. I don't mind a waiter being proud of their place of employment. Actually I respect that quite a bit and have written about this being a very positive attribute of a good restaurant in previous reviews. But this guy was as cocky and condescending as you can be. This type of negative, hostile behavior carried forward for the rest of the evening. I have written over 180 yelp reviews. The number of times I have criticized a waiter is less than or equal to one. But this guy was atrocious.
Now, on to the drinks and food, what the focus should actually be. Both were subpar. The old fashioned tasted like cheap whiskey on the rocks. Very poorly made. The trout was bland and lacked any sense of creativity. The only positive was the oysters. They were very flavorful with no addition of sauce required.Quite probably the best new restaurant I've been to in a decade.  Both the bar and the dinning room were amongst the most beautiful and romantic I've seen.  
Tremendous service, from a welcoming, attentive staff.  Small, yet wide ranging menu, executed perfectly.
It appears they have a very nice garden for al fresco dinning, if you're into that sort of thing.I am completely rewriting my review now that I have gone to Southwark a billion times. Leaving my old review out there was definitely a disservice to them. 
Kip and crew are always pushing the envelope for unique super fresh food ideas. Seriously, have you ever of a paw paw? Southwark has it as ice cream and it's probably my top dessert in the city.
They also have  La Divisa's in house cured meats which was so good I was even OK eating head cheese. 
The bar is focused on service and has a huge selections of really high quality liquor with a focus on Gin, Rye, and Bourbon. I have never had a bad wine their and they have a handful of decent beer.
Honestly that would be my only suggestion is a slightly bigger beer menu. (But whats the point when Tapestry is a block away?)
Last but not least, the entire team believes in what they doing and they are great to talk to (even when I cant remember it)
Go here. A lot. Period.Went for dinner, also had some drinks from the bar. Drinks we re good, and I really enjoyed the meal... but the service was TERRIBLE. So I'm docking one star for that. But I am definitely going back, especially to try the brunch.stopped in here randomly Friday night after a launch party at the Adidas store.  It was pretty crowded but we got there right as a table opened up by the bar. 
I loved the vibe in here - dark and laid back - crowded but not annoyingly so. 
I ordered a glennfidich neat and I was amazed to see that they served it in a proper tulip glass as opposed to a tumbler ...huge points for that. 
I will def be back here in the future.I cannot say enough good things about Southwark. They have the best bartenders, a drink list that requires you to call out of work the next day, and delicious local, sustainable food. Plus the place is gorgeously done in dark woods and orchids.I seriously question all these 4 and 5 star ratings. The trout that I got was flavorless. The layout is weird and it feels like you're in someone's house. The portions of side orders are ridiculously small and won't fill you up.I used to live right around the corner from this restaurant and always wanted to go but never stopped in.  I recently went for the first time for a special occasion with my wife and I wish I hadn't.  The food was just OK (considering its quality it was over priced), the drinks were terrible and the bartender needs to work on his people skills.  There are so many great options in this city, I would never recommend this restaurant to anyone.As my husband and I left the restaurant we agreed that this was the worst dining experience that we had experienced in the last four years.
On Friday night we were trying to figure out where to grab dinner.  Again, we wanted to try someplace new - somehow, this restaurant popped up on my yelp radar and with the solid 4-5 star reviews, we figured why not.
Let's start off w/ the drinks.  Now I know that we are a tad spoiled by the genius mixed drinks at Hop Sing Laundromat, but the drinks (Old Fashioned and Sidecar) were truly horrific.  As a rule, we usually don't leave a drop in our cocktail glasses - however it only took a few sips for us to realize that any additional sips were just not worth the caloric intake.  We ordered mussels for our appetizer, not bad - but also not amazing.  For our entrees we stomached the chicken and oyster stuffing platter and the fetuccini.  Both dishes were reminiscent of a hotel wedding or conference meal.
Off night Southwark?!?This was the best meal I've had in quite a while. The dining area is beautiful, warm, and quiet (hard to find sometimes in Philly). The server was really knowledgable about the menu and drink menu - he made great recommendations and thoroughly answered all our questions. The food was amazing - my boyfriend had a perfectly done striped bass and I had excellent potato gnocchi. The homemade bread and butter is a MUST. The drinks and dessert were also 100. Great food and service. We will for sure be back!I've been a fan of this place for cocktails for a while - the Aviation is my favorite. I think the bartenders are great. Recently my roommate asked to upgrade the gin in his drink to Hendricks, and they were kind enough to tell him that he wouldn't taste the difference in that particular drink anyway, so he shouldn't pay for the better gin. Recently I had dinner here and everything was really fresh and delicious. I do see a lot of people raving about the goat cheese in their review, and although it was good, I have to say that was my least favorite part of the meal. I thought the herb-y flatbread it came with was really overpowering compared to the cheese.  We had a salmon entree that was on special, served with fava shoots. It was amazing. Our server was really knowledgeable about the source of the food and seemed happy to talk about it.It's the closest thing to time travel that Philly has to offer.  Walk in and enjoy a bar experience that is so difficult to find anymore (yet so often attempted).  It's like 60 or 70 years have melted away.
Belly up to the bar and watch them mix their magic.  I challenge you to find a better place to get a drink in Philly.
I've only eaten there twice, both times good, but the bar is the shining star.Date says, pick someplace small and cozy. I say, it's 20' but feels like -24' and I don't want to go far from home. After consulting some neighborhood boozers and mulling my options, Southwark was the chosen destination for a few beers and a light bite on a late(ish) Saturday night. Easily grabbing seats at the bar close to the door afforded perfect people watching, but was still quiet enough to have a conversation without being a part of the larger dining section of the restaurant. We each had two beers off of their fairly diverse list and shared a farmhouse plate off the late-night menu. When I say this plate was a work of art, I don't think I'm really doing it justice; what we were greeted with was a beautiful display of artisnal cheeses, meats, fruit, olives, nuts, and homemade grilled bread. If you really want to see what this thing looked like, take a look at their website and there it is front and center. While I can't remember everything presented on the dish, standouts were absolutely the bleu cheese and pork shoulder selections. Date didn't like olives, though I managed to get him to try one just to confirm, in the end I swapped him for the marcona almonds (?) and worked our way through our late night eats.
Aside from this particular evening and our limited menu exploration, my only other visit to Southwark was months ago for the Blue Belly BBQ preview night which I was lucky enough to attend with Steve W. This has always been one of his favorite neighborhood spots and for good reason, the rest of the menu looked fantastic and will be placed on my "high-priority" list of restaurants to get back to sooner rather than later. Service was great, ambiance even better, and knockout menu make this a true Queen Village standout.A national gem, I hope it stays until it's old. Classic cocktails, local food from a quality modern menu, local beer. Professional bartenders. Great crowd. Pricey.Service was phenomenal! Cocktails are amazing and the wine was great. House made duck proscuitto was awesome.I've never had a bad meal here! The cheese board is delicious and the brown sugar gnocchi was one of the best I've had.I know where I should be when I'm in Queen's village area. 
The most delicious manhattan awaits you here at Southwark.
The atmosphere is totally matching, too, with that delicious brown cocktail in your hand.Meh. Toast and dip didn't thrill me. Did not try any entrees, so take this review with a grain of salt. My impression is there are plenty of better restaurants and bars within blocks. The decor and vibe would make more sense if it was attached to a steakhouse. Not sure what the appeal is. 
I ordered a hard cider and received such a small serving, quite frankly it was an insult. I dunno, am I just growing old and cranky? Or do you have to step up your game in today's Philly food and drink scene. I expected more.I made a last minute reservation for an early dinner for my Husbands birthday before we saw a concert at the TLA. First of all I totally recommend sitting outside on the patio if you can. It's absolutely beautiful out there. Our server was so attentive and knowledgeable about the menu. We started with the cheese plate and homemade bread. The homemade butter was so rich. My husband ordered the gnocchi. I tasted it and I understand why he was scraping the plate. I ordered the fish special which was an albacore Tuna prepared perfectly medium rare with a scotch egg and green beans. It was so good, I kept picking at it even though i was full. After dinner we ordered coffee. The French press coffee presentation is really nice and the coffee is delicious.  Dessert of chocolate cake with salted caramel ice cream was the perfect end to the meal. What I really loved about this place was the attention to details. I made the reservation online. When I made the reservation, i checked birthday for the reason for coming in. I never mentioned it once to the waitstaff, yet our desert came out with a candle in it. I thought that was sweet. My only regret was that I didn't order any of the amazing specialty cocktails that were on the menu because I had wine. I guess that's next time!In addition to their beautiful bar, this place has amazing food. I went for the National Escargot Day snail menu. It was fantastic! My husband is not as big a fan of snails, so he ordered off the regular menu. His clams were particularly delicious. I highly recommend this place for a delectable meal. It was a little cold out for us, but they have a lovely patio area for outdoor dining as well. The service was great too - very knowledgeable and courteous.I had a schizophrenic experience at Southwark. But I guess first impressions are the longest lasting, as I could have gone 4 stars, if not for our service.
Our server was clearly not thrilled to be working a Friday night, not in the mood for "either or" type of questions, or apparently, not in the mood to talk to us at all. He made that clear. We had that kind of impatient, slightly irritated experience with him all night.
The weather was great, we sat outside, and were one of two tables there, so it was a quiet, intimate experience that was lovely.
Chefsfeed steered us to the clams and farmhouse platter, and it steered us right--the clams were some of the best I've had, well cooked with excellent red sauce that we sopped up with crusty, buttery, slightly charred bread. The farmhouse platter didn't have much cheese, but what it had was excellent, the duck pate was unbelievable, and the nuts accompanying it--mostly pignoli, but some hazelnuts--were a great choice.
The men raved about their Manhattans, and my mixed drink (a signature Hawaiian Punch and liquor tasting cocktail), was tasty.
The snails get an A for originality as they were not served in the shell, in the typical escargots serving plate, and they came in a red sauce, as well, but they tasted like salty sea water, and didn't meld with the sauce, which wasn't as good as the one the clams swam in. The pork belly was a bit overcooked, but the flavor of the meat with the beans and corn salsa worked nicely.
The port pours were generous and bill high considering we had just one entree (though the Farmhouse platter is $$$) but about on par of what I'd expect from a restaurant of this caliber. While our service was lackluster, the bartenders were super-friendly when we left.
Overall, I'd go back for drinks and snacks, but probably not to dine again.3.5 stars!  Menu was good but somewhat limited.  We got a cheese plate to start, all local cheeses so yeah!  But honestly one of the worse cheese plates I have ever had.  Just didn't enjoy them.  First time I haven't finished a cheese.  I got their gazpacho, a cooled beet soup which was amazing.  They also had a special, tomato, ricotta and basil salad.  While a simple dish, it was pieced together wonderfully.  For dinner we had the polenta with mushrooms and cherries, very delightful mix.  
Overall a good place for dinner.Last night my friend and I went to Southwark. As usual, we sat in the bar, and as usual, we were treated to mouthwatering food, sublime cocktails, and exquisite service and banter from Kip and George behind the bar. Southwark is most definitely a place for foodies and those who love a truly well-made cocktail, yet it has the relaxed atmosphere of a neighbourhood delight you want to come back to again and again. The food is always delicious and light, with just the right sized portions - you'll find no foams or overly-rich smudges of sauce here! - and the flavours in each dish always complement each other perfectly, like a culinary symphony. Because the food is seasonal, the menu changes all the time (but if you go now, do yourself a favour and try the mutton appetizer and the liver entree...they were nothing short of heavenly). Every time I've gone to Southwark (and I've been MANY times), each dish has been right on the mark, from the appetizer to the desert, the cocktails have been perfection, and the service has been wonderful... so I thought it was high time to write a review. Before doing so I had a look through the posted reviews on Southwark, just out of interest, and was rather upset by a review from Ruby B, who described Kip and "his sidekicks" as "the Bar Nazis"....then I noticed that Ruby B is from New Jersey and it all became clear. Ruby - perhaps you should stay in New Jersey (where I'm sure your local Olive Garden can more than accommodate your culinary needs) and let the rest of us who appreciate good food, cocktails and excellent service, enjoy Southwark without you...and by the way, Ruby, Kip and George do not "lecture" about cocktails, they are merely passing on their wisdom (clearly, in Ruby's case, they were throwing pearls before swine). I hate to end this review on a sour note, so I'll close with this: if you haven't been to Southwark, do yourself a favour and try it out. For the full Southwark experience, I would recommend sitting at the bar, so you have the opportunity to get to know Kip and George...trust me, you won't regret it!Small plates and entrees were delicious.  Desserts ordered were also great.  Extensive list of craft beers and good cocktails.  I would recommend the farmhouse platter, escargot for small plates.  We also had the oysters, but I was not a fan.  For entrees, I would recommend the ivory salmon.  First time I have ever seen it on a menu and it was delicious.  For dessert, we sampled the ginger sorbet, the toasted pound cake and the panna cotta.  All were excellent.  Would definitely recommend to stop in for dinner or just drinks.I went with a group of four and tried a variety of items.  Four appetizers, I recommend the Farmhouse Platter and the Steamed Clams.  For the main dish, I recommend the Pork Shank.  The pork was very tender and full of flavor.  All of the ingredients here are of high quality which you can taste.  This place is more about quality than quantity so you shouldn't go if you're looking for huge portions.SUPERB! Happy hour/ late night menu burger is probably in the top 3 burgers I've ever eaten in my life. 
The rotating house wines are always fantastic and the cocktails are on point. 
Honestly, all the entree's are delicious and the desserts are great too.
The staff is friendly and attentive. 
Vibe in the bar & patio area are super & the dining area is great if you're feeling a bit fancier.
They make it real nice.I can't believe I didn't know about this place! I came here for the first time last night for a cocktail. They have a sweet old fashioned bar, with bartenders who really know how to mix a drink. We didn't come for dinner, so I can't speak to the food. I did have a tasty dessert though (their Chocolate pot de creme, or something like that). After learning about wine cocktails at the Franklin Bar, I was keen to try more of them. Southwark makes a drink called the Philadelphian. It was port wine, Lairds apple brandy, orange and ginger ale. So delicious!!Absolutely love this place. Everything that comes out of the kitchen is delicious, from the oysters to the farmhouse platter to the larger entrees. Kip and his team are extremely attentive without hovering, make great drinks and are wonderful company if you do feel like chatting. I'm here a few times a month and the consistency of the food and service is incredible.The bacon biscuit is where it's at. Dinner was just ok. The wait staff was great and accomodating.Everyone knows that the cocktails are fantastic here, but I love the simplicity of the food at Southwark.  It is very straight-forward without sacrificing flavor.  My meal the other night included a beautiful piece of cod with olive oil, citrus, salt, pepper, and watermelon radishes.  It really didn't need anything to go with it, but the charcuterie plate that we started with was a real treat.  Most of the menu items are from local farms/fisheries or they are high-quality international items.  
This place presents food very honestly.  In a world where burgers are starting to be grown in labs and it's hard to escape GMOs or processed foods, I think the cooking here is really something to appreciate.Came here just for drinks, loved the atmosphere and great choice of beers on tap (I had the Allagash White), and yummy appetizers!  I would definitely like to go back for a full meal soon.Cool bartenders, strong cocktails, and chill atmosphere. Yes, Anthony Bourdain came here but no one really cares. If you want a properly mixed cocktail without a lot of fuss and some local advice, come here. Nuff said.Southwark is great. There are three distinct seating areas of the establishment (bar, indoor dining room, patio dining) each of which has its own unique feel. This is not the place to hang for a long night of beer drinking but it's great for a fine cocktail either before or after a great meal.I'm not sure my review will be adding anything new, but Southwark is a great bar and restaurant.
George and Kip are knowledgeable and congenial.  Southwark is the perfect place to bring a date or sit alone and read a book.  A good conversation with those around you is sure to spring up.  The crowd is an interesting mix of those who live and/or work in the neighborhood.
If you like classic cocktails or have a taste for rye whiskeys and the like, definitely go and try Southwark.If you're anything like me, you've always wanted to be in a bar similar to the one at the Overlook Hotel (from The Shining). Whenever I step into Southwark, I'm there, at the Overlook Hotel, sans Jack Nicholson. 
The owner's name is Kip and he has a very long, orange beard - it suits him and his establishment. They specialize in classic cocktails and have the most extensive rye whiskey collection in Philly. Try the Rittenhouse Rye if you can (pricey but worth the splurge). The rye has no local ties, but it's absolutely fantastic. My favorite cocktails include, the Sazarac, Clover Club, Manhattan, Old Fashioned and I really like how they let you pick your potion (typically whiskey or gin). If you want to be respected (who doesn't), you shouldn't ask for anything with vodka in it; a martini in its truest sense was made with gin, not vodka. But it's ok if you do want a vodka cocktail because they're really unpretentious.
Southwark is a great bar to experiment with old cocktails made right. They'll show you there's more to drinking than a sour apple martini.You know when you're eating and every bite is accompanied by a OMG this is so good. It happens rarely, but when it does its a memorable event. That's the best way to describe my first (and hopefully first of many) meals at Southwark. 
Having heard much ado about their cocktails I decided to order a Tom Collins :) A little gin and juice- why not- I was feeling saucey... My friend wanted to start with the goat cheese. Sounded pretty uninspiring and boring but I was in no mood to be pickey. Thank god for goat cheese. I don't know what Southwark did to the cheese but it was phenomenal. Goat cheese had no business tasting this good...
For my entree I ordered the chicken, which lets be honest, also sounds rather boring, but if made correctly can be absolutely delicious. oh and another Tom Collins- the gin and juice was really good!!! My chicken came out perfectly roasted with a delicious confit and accompanied by the most perfect brussel sprouts. This is the moment where every bite was accopanied by an exclamation of OMG. I'm sure my fellow dinner patrons were wondering what was slipped into the Tom Collins. 
Two of my friends ordered the pasta dish which was even yummier than my chicken. The meal was truly memorable. My only complaint would be the portions- tiny, tiny.. My chicken was fine, but the pasta dishes were really rather small for the price, and it just tasted so good that you were left craving for  much much more....This place is great.   I'd consider the best one right around this are.  As I live in the neighborhood, I have been a few times and never disappointed.   The steak is great, the pasta is always good, delicate and house made and the fish specials have been cooked perfectly.  
As other have said, cocktails are good and the wine list is small but well focused and all nice ones.  I'd say this is a good date spot, small groups or drinks with friends.Met up here for drinks with one of my friends a week or so ago and decided its the perfect place in my new hood to have drinks. The cocktail list offers something for everyone and there are a few adventurous options that combine a few lethal potions together.The reason for 3 stars is the price point Most cocktails ive had on this side of broad have been in the 9.00 /10.00 range ( with the exception of supper whos cocktails are crafted by FM) for the size of the served up cocktails i cant agree with the 12-13 price tag. The wine list is ok and i did have a really good white blend from france but again the size portions just didnt add up to the cost. 
The food options seemed intriguing and i would probably come back to try out the menu options in the future.An absolute favorite.  Off the beaten path in Philadelphia, South of South Street in a quieter residential neighborhood.  An adventurous kitchen.  Supper grilled and baked vegetables.  
A few unusual snacks - like deep fried green tomatoes & potato balls.  
The special, short ribs with roasted lettuce, Brussels sprouts, sweet potatoes over risotto - fabulous. A good wine list by the glass or bottle.  
The dining room is intimate with a view of a small garden area.  The staff is truly engaged with the menu and making you feel at home.Wow, did we eat at the same palce as some of the other diners?  As perspective, we have eaten at garces, fond, talulas garden, bistrot la minette in the past month  and found them all to be yummy and graceful and flavorful.. .. This was not.  Our waiter bordered on surly, banged down our bread, very abrupt, slow.  We ordered the pear goat which was absolutely yummy.   Our farmhouse platter was bland.  The cheeses and meats were not introduced to us but they were really unremarkable.  Brie was bland.  The blue cheese was great.  Pate was good.  Can cured pork go stale?  We both thought one of the prosciuttos was really hard to chew and tasted off.  And we LOVE the pig.  Bread was grilled  (gas?) and was burnt so much it overwhelmed all else.  Also had the escargot bean stew..escargot were ok but the dish was really underseasoned and the beans were al dente and the watery stew had no flavor.  Finally, beef brisket...  Okay, but not melt inyour mouth tender, fried green tomatoes were encased in a greasy hard shell and really unappetizing and the pink cold cabbage draped onthe cabbage didn't match or add to the dish.  So disappointing.  The narrow dining room is cold (literally and indesign).  The bar is beautiful, convivial and hopping, drinks looked fancy and fun, but our eating experience left a lot to be desired!  How did this get 3 bells in 2006 ish?I love this place. It's got a good old-timey vibe going on, and the drinks are deadly and delicious. I'm both a whiskey and gin fan, and this place is heavy on both. I'd recommend any of the cocktails, but especially the sazerac or the brooklyn. I guess it's also a restaurant, huh? I came here once for brunch, and I'd say it was equally nice - sitting outside in the courtyard on a sunday morning is lovely.I went here with my folks last night, quiet Tuesday, it was way too hot for patio seating but what a great little space.  I took one star off because we were a table of three and seated right by the kitchen door.  I am not going to hold a grudge though!  I love that Southwark is so seasonal, I had a special tomato (and mozz) salad, with three kinds of tomato and fresh mozz and some balsamic business, pretty standard, not extraordinary but exactly what I expected, fresh, and very good.  My mother ordered the Oysters of the day, which were also very fresh.  I ordered the sea scallops the were pan seared sea scallops, roasted plums, beech mushrooms, purslane, lemon balm brown butter, Amazing.  Loved the plum which I was unsure about.  It was a great portion and I would definitely order it again.  Although the rest of the menu beckons!  My folks both ordered the braised short ribs which were ABFAB.  Melted in your mouth, I will definitely be ordering this entree on my next visit.  All three of us ordered desserts which were all pretty awesome, i had the butter cookies and dipped them in my dad's ice cream, what more can I ask for? Will definitely go back for the short ribs!I've never had a disappointing experience here.  The food is always top-notch, seasonal and local.  The cocktails are well-crafted, and the wine by the glass list is great.  The only downside is that it can get a little pricey if you want to have a  couple drinks.  But that's the price you pay most places for getting liquored up on something better than the usual "lager"
There is a real focus on locally-sourced foods here.  I had a delicious brunch the other day, especially with all the late spring/early summer produce out in full force.  Everything we tried was thoughtful, fresh and just yummy.  
There is a long bar when you enter.  A small full dining room is in the back & there is also a patio for nicer weather.  But we prefer to eat & drink at the bar.  It's elegantly casual and fun all at the same time.A solid four stars. Great service and good food! I wish the draft menu was larger, but still a decent selection. We went for dinner on a Wednesday night. All of our appetizers and entrees were delicious. They charge $4 for bread, which is annoying. The bar area was lively, while the back dining area (where we sat) was quieter. I'll probably request a seat in the bar area when I go back.I think this place might be closed... Tried to go here tonight and it was dark, no sign, and nothing posted on their social media since 2014...Some colleagues and I sat outside on a Saturday night in summer - but it wasn't very crowded. The service was attentive and knowledgeable and they have a very good cocktail list.
The clams and the cheese plate were fantastic but the entrees lacked for everyone in our party. We had two fish dishes and the pasta but nothing really stood out. 
However, they made up for it with some amazing deserts - including the cookies. 
Now, on to the important stuff:  the cocktails were well-made and authentic. They have an impressive rye list (no Templeton, though) and the waitstaff appeared to know what they were talking about. The old-fashioned was a bit of a let-down because they muddle the fruit (bad Southwark, bad!) but the Sidecar, Aviation, Sazerac, and Martinez were great.This is, remarkably, Philadelphia's best kept secret.  You would think that word would travel faster and the place would be cramped.  But the lack of trendy yuppies that tend to order Pomegranate Martinis contributes to the appeal.  Kip, the bartender and co-owner along with his wife, Sheri, the chef, is an old-school bad ass with a penchant for gin and rye whiskey.  Ask him to help you expand your horizons and he will happily oblige.  Just don't ask him for a Mojito.  
The food is not to be outdone, especially for the price.  There are ritzier places in town that charge over $50 per entree that do not exceed the quality here, with a price cap of $28.  An emphasis on Buy Fresh, Buy Local assures crisp salads, refreshing soups, and in general an inventive menu.  Bear Stew?  'Nough said.Downgrade, why you may ask?  
-The service not as good and well informed as in the past
-Chilled asparagus soup  with a dollop of ricotta was nothing special
-The escargot app with ham skewer was OK, the ham overtook the escargot flavor and there were only two escargot in the dish.  The pickled shallot was amazing but the parsley mayo was ehh.
-For entrees, the steamed cod in oregano broth, with dandelion greens and tomato red onion jam was a five star dish.  The cod melted in your mouth.
And I tasted the chicken confit tart, I thought was a good light summer dish, the chilled pea salad served with it was wonderful.
I have to sit at the bar there, albeit it was a lovely evening to sit outside and we did.  The bar crowd and the bartender just seem so happy to be there and welcome you, but the server...not so much.I love Southwark. Their drinks are incredible, the staff is super nice and you couldnt' ask for a better environment. Although I am not a fan of going there on a weekend night (heck, I'm not going out anywhere on a weekend night between 8-12am, too many people by the bar), they're great to stop in for a drink around 5pm and for dessert too! I've taken my parents, my friends and my work friends here-it's a perfect place indeed.Fantastic birthday meal for my bride. We had the meat plate app. Amazing. Sam then served us the Jerusalem artichoke soup fantastic. Then Kate had the gnocchi and I had the cod - wonderful. For desert we had watermelon sorbet and flour less decadent chocolate cake. 
 the service was exceptional and we soil recommend it to all. 
It is a must in PhillyRecently visited and while I didn't think it could get any better, our server was easily one of the best we've ever had.  My wife and I have a combined 15 years in fine hospitality and we pay attention.  This gentleman was simply masterful!Southwark does not have "off" nights and I have often mused whether Shari Wade (executive chef/owner along with husband Kip Wade) has been down to the crossroads as dishes which seem like they might be basic somehow transcend the ordinary in some sort of transmogrification back in the kitchen.  My suspicions of deals made with the devil have been strengthened by Shari's seasonal preparation of a cult classic - Shad and Shad roe.  What can be a mushy mess of fish eggs and unremarkable filets in the hands of the less skilled transforms into a crispy, perfectly buttery, melt-in-your-mouth delight of shad filets and destined "never-to-be shad" shad roe in Shari's hands.   
The menu is seasonal and changes often, but the ingredients are always the star and I love that Shari does not rely on the crutch of lesser chefs by hiding her fine fare in sauces, foams, reductions, etc.  At Southwark, quality, locally-sourced, seasonal food is the center piece of the meal - not some architectural rendering of a sky-scraper or some other Frankentein food monster which one often encounters as the plat du jour at trendy spots around Philly.  Southwark does not serve vertical food and it never disappoints.  
In addition to the food, which is always sublime, I love the atmosphere.  Whether in the bar or dining room, Southwark strikes a perfect balance between respectful formality and relaxed approachability.  The restaurant itself, which is located in a separate room beyond the bar, is perfectly lit and intimate, but not crowded or loud.  There is also outdoor seating available on a back terrace  when weather permits.  Unlike other small-space restaurants', Southwark's tables do not crowd one another and you can enjoy a relaxed, private dinner without having to endure another table's dinner conversation as well as your own (take note Fond!).   Southwark is my "go-to" place for in-laws and others who visit from out-of-town because I know I can expect quiet, unwavering, consistently outstanding seasonal fare accompanied by impeccable service each and every time I visit.  
When I  don't have VIPs in-tow, I prefer to dine at the bar with its dark, yesteryear lovely worn wood, fancy glasses and relaxed vibe.  Also, there are always orchids in the windows and I am a sucker for orchids.   I have been a regular guest since Southwark opened and cannot think of another bar in Philly that I would rather haunt.  Kip's (owner) and George's love of a good, classic cocktail is evident when one browses through the standards on offer.  Whether it be a snappy Tom Collins, a smoldering Manhattan with its maraschino wink, a Sazerac (the original cocktail) poured with Peychaud's bitters and rye (better than any outside of New Orleans), or a classic Martini - you know you are in for the real-deal at Southwark .  There are no apple-tinis, tinned bar mixes, or fake stuff here.  All is from scratch and Kip and his staff treat the liquor and its dance partners with the utmost care and respect - squeezing their own lemons, making their own mixes, and even bringing in home-grown lemon cucumber slices to complement a Hendrix martini during the summer months.   
I read another review (Ruby B.) which referred to the bar staff at Southwark as BAR NAZIS.   I have been there many, many times and I cannot agree with that characterization.  If someone is annoyed by a proprietor's quest to serve classic cocktails mixed by hand with fresh ingredients by bartenders who are at the top of their game, then I can see how Ruby B. might be disappointed by her time at Southwark.  If someone wants something done their own way - they will do it, but they are obliged to inform the customer that the drink they ordered is, in fact, NOT the classic cocktail as it is featured on the menu.  That said, I cannot understand why someone would want a cocktail done any other way than the way Kip and staff do it.   If you do, I would suggest staying home and mixing your own drinks the way you like them, but if you want a classic cocktail, properly poured and mixed by an expert - belly on up to the bar at Southwark and enjoy. 
Do yourself a favor - if you haven't already - go to Southwark.   It is a gem not to be missed and it hits the right notes every time.It's nice to be just off South Street. We went to Southwark for drinks and dinner. It was very quiet at 6 pm when we arrived. The bar is beautiful, a perfect place to hang out, a long bar with stools and a number of small high top tables. The drinks are professionally made with a focus on American whiskeys and rye but fully stocked with all manner of libations. The bartenders are smart and attentive.
Dinner was good, we had fluke and pork belly. Everything was delicious.  My only complaint, the toasted bread with the cheese plate and meal tasted like gas, common when the bread is done over a gas grill. The waiter didn't seem to agree with me on this point, but he did bring me some plain bread.
Although we sat inside, there is a nice outdoor seating area as well.
Very good food and drinks. Highly recommended.We dined there on a Friday night.  If 3.5 stars were an option, I would have chosen that.  We were greeted by the gentleman bartender who told me the vodka choices when I inquired.  I ordered, and  he promptly forgot and continued to serve others.  He was cheerless and looked like he would rather be somewhere else.  
After being reminded, he brought my drink.  I forgot about the garnish, but he decided I should have an olive and cautioned me about the pit.  So I eat the olive and realize that he has given me neither a cocktail napkin or other vessel to dispose of said pit.  So I get his attention again.  The cocktail craft here is just not on par with the prior owners' ethos.
 I had the Crispy Pig's Head Slider with steak fries for an app.  Maybe a little pricey at $9 but ok as a starter.  Partner had the Salt and Pepper Potato Chips with buttermilk ranch for $4. 
We then had the heirloom carrot salad.  Strangely,  carrots were definitely not the star of the show here and were virtually MIA.  It was mostly greens over a layer of flavorless ricotta.  Bizarre combination of textures.
The Winter Squash Agnolotti with braised lamb was outstanding and the only star of the show.
Partner had Roasted Chicken.  It was tasty but was supposed to come with endive, which was MIA from the plate, two small pieces of sweet potato and a few mushrooms.  Thin sauce with nothing to mop it up with.  So we ordered the house made bread for $3, which was comped.  No options for side dishes such as a vegetable or more substantial starch, which was disappointing.  
My partner had My Grandmother's Chocolate Cake with salted caramel ice cream, which was competent.
Fortunately, the place is busy, but they need to exorcise the gremlins from the service and menu.Really nice atmosphere and the Old Fashioned was excellent - and that's not an easy taskI've been wanting to visit this place for quite some time. Namely for drinks as I'd read such good reviews. Well what can I say?.... Awful. Glasses of Sazeracs and old fashioned filled to the top and packed with ice. Two other drinks that were entirely undrinkable. Save yourself the bother and go to Ela across the street. Insanely good cocktails made with precision and knowledge.Went last night with a friend and honestly was disappointed.  It did not feel like a step back in time but only like a gastropub.  However, the food was not very good... we had the farmhouse platter which was not too impressive esp just a couple basic meats, thin apple slices and some nice cheeses... kind of blah for $15.  And then I ordered the yellowtail for $26 and it was just mediorce.  The service was good and, although we didn't sit at the bar, the bartenders did seem pretty cool... other than that... disappointing so I am stretching for 3 stars...this is how bars should be.  drinks made with care, attention to service, and banter with the bar-keep.  
my friend and i first had an Old Fashioned and a Manhanttan, then moved on to more ingredients, but the same careful preparation...the Ramos Gin Fizz and the Dark 'n Stormy® .  I really dig the shaken egg white drinks (i had one at Apothecary too).  
and i dug the bartenders, who i believe were the owner and long time bar keep.  AND if i would have eaten there, i would have dug the food too...the steamed clams and roasted potatoes smelled DELICIOUS.  AND if i say "dig" and other hip terms again, maybe i'll be transported back to Southwark age...that's my hope.Recently my wife and I had Sunday brunch at this restaurant since it had 104 reviews and the average review was 4 1/2 stars!  Unfortunately, we were sadly disappointed.
When we arrived at 12 noon after making a reservation, we found that we were the only ones there for brunch!  There were about four people in the bar which has some ambiance.  I guess some people knew in advance what a miserable place this is for brunch.  We were seated in the rear of the restaurant which was extremely drafty.
We had to keep our coats on until we asked our waitress to turn the heat up.  The menu that was presented had only two brunch items on it that we wanted.  I asked the waitress what omelette's they had and she responded-ONE, a spinach omelet.  Do you think that most people desire this?  The other egg dish was eggs Benedict which was overcooked and the bacon was dry.  This menu was a joke!  We had to ask the waitress for some bread.  She explained that they only had left over bread from the night before.  We ate the bread anyway, and there was no butter or oil.
We had hoped for a leisurely brunch in an inviting atmosphere.  We received none of this and ate as fast as we could so that we could leave this dreadful place.
I have given one star as the bar seemed to have some redeeming quality!Southwark is a bar a block from South Street that takes you completely away from South Street...Completely away from Philly.  
Everything from the aesthetics to the ambiance is superb. Wear jeans, wear a suit. Go with friends, go on a date. It's quiet enough to have an intimate conversation and loud enough where no one else will hear it. 
I've only been here twice even though I've lived a block away from it for over five years. They make an absolutely divine Maker's Manhattan and my understanding is that their specialty cocktails are also delicious. The last time I was here my friend had the Farmhouse Platter. I picked at it a bit -- a bit too refined for my taste -- but the cheeses were tasty.  I can't speak to the prices of this place as I've never paid (teehee), but I know I'm feeling veryyyy good after two Manhattans, downright loose after three. Southwark is a favorite to many locals and newcomers alike but miraculously, it's never overcrowded. How can somewhere so legendary be so reasonably comfortable?
Go here.Just went for drinks last night, having recently moved to Queen Village I am so happy to have a place like this in the neighborhood.  If you like the old timey cocktail lounge vibe this is the place for you. I can't speak to the food at all but if you want a nice cocktail definitely don't hesitate to check it out. Bartenders here know what they're doing.Kip and the bartenders make one beautiful cocktail.  I dream about the drinks here!  Great aesthetics all around - gorgeous large white orchids in the windows, classic bar layout, liquor selection, food, presentation, and background music make this restaurant/lounge a perfect place to bring a date or your mother. A win win! Worth every penny!Such a neat place! A few friends and I were checking out some spots around philly and someone recommended south wark! I was beyond pleased. The bartender Maria was extremely talented and quite enjoyable to chat with. When we first came in, I felt bad considering there were six of us, being a bartender myself, hearing six coctails come in at the same time can sometimes be overwhelming, well not for Maria!! She gladly mixed up six of the best cocktails I have ever tasted, with absolute pleasure. My favorite thing is the bartenders choice. After knowing the drinks we ordered for the first round we requested that she mix us up "bartenders choice" and she got the nail on the head for each of us. The decor is also great, the outside area is adorable as well. Unfortunately we ate prior to arriving so we didn't try any food but I can't wait to go back and make a night of it!Well I guess I will have to come back here late night since one of the bar regulars I was chatting with said that when this place is the best.  Loved the atmosphere in here, had a little bit of an old fashion feel to it.  Not a huge mix drink person but I know this bar is known for there drinks.  I tired the French 75 it was great but the Diablo was amazing totally recommend ordering this drink, well unless your not a tequila fan.What a waste of money.
I had a chicken dish and my friend had the fish dish. Neither one of us liked either of the dishes. When we arrived, there were 2 tables and we still had to wait to be seated -- we didn't understand why. They rearranged the outside table for some reason, but it served no purpose. 
If you want to sit in their outside area...which is kinda like a really nice alley, don't. In theory, it is all kinds of fancy-cute, but upon execution, no. Do you want to eat your chicken in a city alley, albeit one with pretty lights?   
Their wait staff was meh. 
The bar area was packed and dark and seemed lovely enough, so going for drinks may be a different experience altogether.First off, I agree with several others that it is refreshing to have a bruncherie that is open past 3pm on a Sunday.  The fact that you can get terrific mimosa is an added bonus.  
I had the farmers platter, which consisted of an assortment of local cheeses, my favorite was fat cat, a brie like cheese with a subtle goat cheese flavor.  It was served with apple, house made meats, olives and nuts.  The combination was a good one.  I wished they would sub in toast and jam for the pate, since I am not really a fan - but you can't have it all.
My husband had the ham and Gruyere omlette with house roasted potatoes - perfectly proportioned and cooked, not overly cheesy, and the potatoes melted in your mouth.
To cleanse our sweet tooth's, we ended with a mint ice cream sandwich.  Perfectly creamy and naturally minty house made mint ice cream, nestled between two minty square chocolate cookies will have me coming back for their ice cream until I am too fat to fit through their door.
I will definitely venture out for the dinner menu, their selection of old fashioned drinks was impressive.  Go right now.Great meal. The bluefish is very good. Nice ambiance, friendly staff.The drinks, service and decor are what make this place. The food is good...nothing amazing but solid and very reasonable in price.Southwark is hands down our favorite restaurant to frequent here in Philadelphia, period. The restaurant is owned by incredible, kind people with a true knack for warm hospitality, quality food, and adventurous cocktails served in a comfortable, homey setting.  I dream about their chicken liver mousse with pear compote and concord grape sauce quite often. But you really can't go wrong with anything you can order off of their menu- as I've told anyone I've brought there. The staff is 100% knowledgable of food allergies- which I have a few of- I have celiac's disease and cannot eat gluten/wheat derivatives, as well as any dairy minus butter for the most part. I have overheard customers there who are even more limited in what they can have and the kitchen is incredibly accommodating-which honestly is a rare thing to come upon when coupled with the food still tasting amazing and not feeling like it was compromised. My fiance and myself love it so much that we will be having our rehearsal dinner there and are already dreaming about how delicious the menu will be- everything is seasonal and locally sourced as possible- so the options rotate enough that you always have something new and exciting to look forward to (:  There isn't a bad seat in the house, the music is unexpectedly AWESOME- and is always played at a level where you can enjoy it while still holding a conversation without shouting- I brought my 89 year old Nana who can't stand noise and she not only enjoyed the food but loved the atmosphere so much that she walked around admiring the little touches- cute flowers at each table, saloon style hung artwork, mismatched plateware that somehow all matches in a unexplainable fashion. Thank your lucky stars for this neighborhood prize. I wish we could give it more than 5 stars!A buddy and myself came here last night. Everything was great from the cocktails to the burger. Probably one of the best burgers in Philadelphia! Def would recommend trying this place out.The best classic cocktails!  The bar is so gorgeous, and I love the glasses.  The food is great too, very simple but perfectly done.  They have a gorgeous little outdoor courtyard as well.So, so good. Excellent cocktails and food. Knowledgable staff. Cute place with nice atmosphere. Can't wait to come back.excellent food for a fair price.  great ambience and service.  menu is very diverse and they put a lot of thought into the ingredients.  quiet in the back room which was refreshing.  i would recommend this to anyoneThis place is incredible. Try the daiquiri. Like nothing I've ever had. Great service and a wonderful pork chop. Very nice grilled vegetablesWent here for drinks last weekend with a friend and we had a really nice time. It was early on a Friday night, so there weren't too many people in the bar, and the atmosphere was pretty quiet and relaxed. The bartenders were friendly and helpful and chatted with us and the other customers as they made our drinks. The drinks were good, pretty strong, but not as creative as I've experienced at other equivalent places in Philly. A really solid choice though for a quality cocktail, especially if you're in the neighborhood.Does anyone know if Southwark has new owners? We've been going there for years and the food has definitely changed...from menu options, presentation and taste standpoint - and not in a better way.Southwark was recently lauded in the Philadelphia CityPaper for its selection of prohibition-era cocktails and I second this motion.  Have George make you an Aviation or Kip make you a rye Manhattan and you will be in alcoholic bliss. The bar is almost perfect.  For some reason it reminds me of the bar in the Shining...but that's just my bizarre brain a-working in its crazy way.  It's shiny and solid and the glassware just seems to sparkle.
The food is gourmet heaven.  I've had things at Southwark that I've never tried before-- quail, for instance and venison.  The meat is always tender and perfect.  The sides feature whole grains, legumes and leafy green vegetables.  Eating here always feels like giving your body a present.  I recommend the steamed clams, porkchop and pretty much anything on special.  They also have unique sorbets for desert (rosemary grapefruit for one) and they have had this goat cheese flan that was unbelievably good.  Their wine selection is great and not price gauge-y.  
After the dinner crowd has finished eating, the bar has a night-time persona that is quite different--the Coltrane goes off the i-Pod and on comes the Fugazi.  It's just another layer that makes Southwark a truly enjoyable experience (to me and anyone else who likes Fugazi).
They also have a great brunch.  TK, who barely eats ate like seven courses including two deserts.  I think he was catching up...