Tried a bunch of dishes to share as was recommended. Every single one was excellent! Very inventive and punchy. So excited to have a place like this in the neighborhood. I was also surprised that when we split the check 4 ways it came out to $20 a person since I would categorize the level of food as "high end". But we probably didn't end up getting as many dishes as was recommended. I will definitely be going back. PS it's byob!Best experience I've had in a long time.  Inventive food, well executed, great atmosphere and fantastic service at a low cost?  How we were able to walk into a nearly empty restaurant at 6:15 is a mystery to me, this has to be one of the premier restaurant experiences in the city.  Thanks Adrien and the rest of the South Helm crew!I went to this restaurant after reading very good reviews on Yelp... and it did not disappoint. It was surprisingly empty when we ate there. We ordered the tempura-fried leeks, the pierogies with short rib, the agnolotti with turkey and gouda, and the avocado ice cream sandwich. Everything was very delicious. The agnolotti was a bit salty but the flavor was still excellent. The avocado ice cream sandwich was to die for... it was the perfect combination of sweet and salty. The waiter was very nice and explained the menu to us and answered any questions that we had. Would recommend 100%.South helm was a wonderful meal of small plates. The entire menu is posted on a chalk board indicated by just 3 of the ingredients but nothing in full detail. A party of 4 was easily full with 9 of the small plates. They were even happy enough to accommodate a vegetarian of the part. Love that it's BYO, small and very welcoming. The waiter advised against the tasting saying it was "a lot of food" which I believe is the all the plates and dessert (which she was right). Pics of a few below. The biscuit was to die for. 
I'd absolutely go back to see the variety in dishesWon't ever go back. Food was ok not great but ik. Service was horrendous. The only thing i can say positive is the place is cheap. Also the exposed wires hanging in the kitchen is a bit concerning. Was there a smoke detector there. Doubt this place could pass an inspection.I swore I thought this place was a bar. Lol. This small byob was incredibly good. Came with my friend on a weeknight and seats were available. We were seated and told the menu was on the board. Pretty cool writing. 
We ordered clams, squid, short ribs, brusselsprouts, Annolotti with sasuage. All of the small plates we shared. Every dish was profoundly different, yet so tasty.
Brusselsprouts came out first. It was packed with flavor. Wow, just a pleasant surprise. The creamy Parmesan clams came out. I was in Love. Just so tasty.  Annolotti with sausage brought me to that homecooked tasted. It was so good, I wanted to order a second one. Shortribs and potatoes were another pleaser. I loved the flavors the crispy potatoe dough had with short in slices. I started to get stuffed at this point. Lol. The last dish was the octopus and potatoes. Now this plate came in a skewer, with a tangy rice salad. I really enjoyed my meal here. I didn't have room for dessert but still wanted to try something. I said to my friend, let's try a weird dessert and not go for my usual chocolate stuff. Avocado Ice cream sandwich. This was the best. Very different but so good. Everything was made to order and made in-house.
Parking is street parking. And service was amazing. I almost think the owner of the place was our server. He had so much love for the place, the food and pride in serving his food. Definitely will be back. Great eats at a local eatery.Been here twice. A great value for a gourmet/BYOB bistropub experience.  No dish has a name....just a list of three ingredients.  The staff do a great job of describing and presenting each of the small plates. The food is generally shared, so it makes for great conversation and well as eating! A great place to go with a group of friends so you can max out on variety.This place is great, unlike many new restaurants in the nieghborhood people from the nieghborhood actually go there . I've been at least five times and each time was exceptional .I can't imagine a bad review on this restaurant.  Great food, fabulous choices and even better service.    Everything was well paced as well as delicious. I  even checked for a family member  that they can accommodate someone with celiacs, which is a HUGE Bonus    Love the  other location as well!We did the tasting menu with great friends at South Helm - amazing!!! Adrian our server, also great! 
 When I try a restaurant for the first time, I generally start at a 4 star base.  If it is exceptional and perfect; then it bumps up to a 5 star.  If things start to go south, then the rating goes lower.  
The menu is comprised of small plates that change depending on what's seasonal and available. I asked Adrian, our server, if there was a tasting menu and he said there was.  It was the entire menu, all 17 items in smaller portions for $50 per person.  
This is probably the most reasonable tasting menu in Philly - especially since it is a BYOB.  Don't try to pair wines to the dishes though as you'll be hard pressed to do so based on the way the dishes are listed.
Based on the website, I didn't know what to expect of South Helm because it's a bit cryptic.  So when 3 dining adventurers and I sat down, staring at the blackboard with the menu of 17 items, we all found it was no help either because the brief descriptions don't do an ounce of justice to convey the deliciousness of each dish.  
For example, "Beets, Guanciale, Hazelnuts" really says nothing about the delectable dish it actually is any more than "Door, Window, Roof" adequately describe a house.  
That odd lack of description beyond base ingredients became an anticipated experience as we went through the dishes.  There were dishes we admittedly would not have ordered - such as "Leeks, Greek Yogurt, Bitter Greens" or "Carrots, Cucumber, Preserved Lemon" and yet both were among the top dishes that we all thought were amazingly delicious.
It's hard to pinpoint my favorites out of an overall incredible dinner, but some standouts for the group were the aforementioned dishes plus the Lamb, Bucatini, Mozzarella; the Turnip, Scallops, Trumpet; the Shrimp, Ramen, Mushroom; and the Cloumage, Chicken, Pirogi . So yeah, basically every dish was stiff competition for best, and everyone in my group had their own lineup of what they liked best.
The desserts were both delicious; a cold semi-freddo with sour cherries and a warm gateau Basque with Blueberry yogurt and gastrique were sublime.  I will be recreating those in my own kitchen.
The one misstep - and it was a big one - was the Crayfish, Foie, Kale.  We all disliked it and described it as reminiscent of a greasy bit of Chinese take-away sans any taste of foie.  As someone who routinely cooks with whole lobes of foie gras, the miniscule crumbs of foie sprinkled over the greasy fried bits was just terrible.
The only other suggestion would be to pace the dishes a bit better.  We started with one dish, then three, then one then four and so it was a bit erratic and frenetically paced.
I would give our first visit to South Helm a solid 3.5 due to the small hiccups though the night.
Please understand that one weak note in a 17 course symphony did little to distract us from having a great time enjoying the experience that is South Helm and being delighted and amazed at what the chefs created for us to enjoy.  We will DEFINITELY be back to enjoy this adventure again.
PROS - Truly amazing, delicious, inventive food.
CONS - Erratic pacing of dishes, very hot and very noisy.We had eagerly been awaiting its opening since before the sandwich shop closed and we heard the owners of Helm were considering taking the space. We waited patiently as they got their permits and they opened their doors. And it was well worth it.
The service was fantastic. Friendly, approachable and helpful. The menu was simple but offered much variety and unique combinations. The food was exceptional. And we can't wait to go back.
We had the squash blossoms, which had a combination of flavors and textures, a tempura veggie dish with goat cheese which meshed perfectly,  the fra diavlo, which blew us away with the tender seafood, tempura and perfectly seasoned sauce, the soft shell crab pasta, which was a creamy delight, the quail, which itself was well-cooked and crispy (though the slaw it was on was a bit thin for our taste), and the 18-hour cabbage, about which my husband said: "it makes me stare off into the distance and contemplate life itself."
The price was incredibly reasonable and the space is a cozy and quaint -- a respite that makes you feel like you've left south philly.
We can't wait to go back and see what else they have to offer.This place is awesome. Went there with a friend and we each got two dishes and split dessert. I had the brussels and the pierogies. The flavor combinations are what set this place apart. I'm a pretty picky eater but there are enough choices to satiate people with all kinds of likes and dislikes. The ice cream was rhubarb and it was on a croissant as the sandwich. Ridiculously good- would never have thought to pair those things and only had it because my friend ordered it and needed help eating (it's pretty large). 
We also took our time finishing our wine and catching up and didn't feel any pressure to leave. I would highly recommend this spot.After going to Helm a few times, my husband and I decided to try this southern outpost to see if it was equally enjoyable. The staff was polite and the dishes were good, for the most part. None of the "hit it out of the water" like we had at helm, but good. The most memorable would probably be the smoked beets and the pierogis. The dishes were too rushed, an issue I have seen other people mentioned. But by far the biggest issue we had was the noise level. For a 30 seat restaurant it was one of the loudest I have ever been to. Not ideal for a wedding anniversary dinner, which is what we were there celebrating. Craig Leban had the place listed at a whopping 97 decibels, one of the loudest I have ever seen him record. The food could have been the best I have ever had, and I still wouldn't go back unless some soundproofing was done.Excellent service and the food is perfect.  Order any dish wish carrots a signature dish. Like that most dishes can be vegatarian. Highly recommendedIntimate and artistic little place. Every dish is a creation of their own. My favorite is their Short Rib dish.Cute place in walking distance to my house. My only complaint is how loud it can be in there-- if there's a larger group of people you can't hear anything. I also noticed that a lot of the food is fried, I hope next time I go there are more sautéed options. I do however look forward to going back because the customer service is great.Well, Yelp, I'm sorry to say that I had a very disappointing dining experience at this new Helm outpost this evening. I went to 'South Helm' with friends and with the intention to enjoy myself--as the original 'Helm' is such a great spot--but unfortunately my hopes were dashed from the first few moments of our dinner, which was both too quickly paced and too poorly performed to be satisfying. 
The menu itself sounds inspiring, but the dishes lacked both conceptual integrity --(honestly, I'm not sure whom the root vegetable and head cheese dish is meant to attract)---and technical proficiency (hello Overcooked PF Chang-style breaded seafood and over salting of most dishes). But perhaps the most offensive component of our meal was the sheer aggressiveness of the dining staff in forcing out dishes from the kitchen. We had to interrupt a server to request a slow down after 10 plates were served within 15 minutes--and unfortunately, the response to our request was frank icing. All further dishes were served with minimal explanation.
Dessert was a slight silver lining, as the pickled peaches were delicious; but on the whole, I don't plan on repeating this experience. 
The Helm franchise should really rethink this failed dining outpost. (And they should really rethink the public middle school silverware...)Woah- My taste buds are still buzzing. I really enjoyed eating at the South Helm. The food is exceptional and very unique. I like to eat A LOT and even though it was small plates, I got full! The service is great, ambience is perfect, and the food is just STUPID GOOD! Love this addition to the neighborhood! 
BYOB TOO! :)I've been saying my favorite restaurant is Pumpkin for about 4 years now and this might just have dethroned it. South Helm has that cozy Philly BYOB vibe that is perfect for a date or girls night or small group. It's tiny, the menu is small and on a chalkboard, and if you have 4 hungry people you could probably get the whole menu. 
The chalkboard just lists things like "gnocchi, corn, poussin" but you can't even imagine what they'll do with the ingredients (spoiler alert: they smother it with pesto and it's amazing). The butternut squash ravioli was insanely good. The tuna, artichoke, and chick pea is like creamy dill poke which sounds weird but was great. The eggplant with burrata and lamb had a kick to it and was so tender and flavorful. The green beans and flank steak were cooked perfectly and in this amazing sauce.
We did 7 plates for 3 people and it was the perfect amount, and ended up being about $40 with tax and tip, so not bad at all.
Absolutely very highly recommend.Considering the reviews and the neighborhood hype I was expecting much more from Helm. It was just okay. I got the lamb and my partner got the pork. Both were tough. And it was a bit pricey for what you got. The whole farm-to-table, local this and that thing is way overplayed. Could have been an isolated incident but for my first visit I wasn't impressed.Just had a holiday dinner for 5 of us. Good was good but very rich and tiny no bread, rice, potatoes - we are heading for pizza starving,Came here on my birthday with friends; we ordered every dish on the menu. The crew here does nothing short of pure excellence. In the style of Helm "up top", South Helm uses excellent and seemingly simple ingredients and turns them into played perfection. Go here now. Eat here, eat often. Seriously. If the team at Helm / South Helm don't win Philly Mag's top restaurant for the upcoming list, then you can be assured it's rigged. Go here and expand your culinary horizons. Thank you for a wonderful birthday experience.Went here last night with 2 girlfriends and had DELICIOUS food with absolutely wonderful service! Our server (I forget his name but he wore a suit with a bow tie) was just so nice and friendly and great at explaining all the dishes to us. He treated us like VIPs on a Wednesday night and it was wonderful :) 
The FOOD was too good. It will make you leave and say "How in the world can CARROTS be so damn good?!" It seems impossible and yet I've been dreaming about those carrots all day. 
Plates are definitely small so go with others you don't mind sharing with :) 
Can't wait to go back and try other plates!!Food was absolutely spectacular every dish a joy waitress Claudia was friendly and very accommodating and background music was great absolutely nothing negative about this placeI've been a big fan of helm but let me just say, south helm is no helm. The menu has a strong resemblance to the original, but none of the substance unfortunately. It's as though the chefs sent their apprentices out to practice in the play-doh pen that is a glimpse of the real thing. Overly salted, weird cheeses in every other dish, and a mish mash of confusion in the compass of their cuisine, south helm is a proprietor of "haute" microwave cooking at its worst. We ordered everything on the menu and were herded like drugged cattle through 20 dishes in 40 minutes. At the conclusion of the meal, the only words to describe the carnage that just ensued where "what.... just.... happened.... ". BYOB, but I would not waste my wine here.Delicious and creative food. Every dish we ordered at this small plates BYOB was a hit. We started with the fried leeks over a yogurt sauce, followed by a chicken, gouda and broccoli panzanella salad. The little bits of kimchi broccoli stems really made the dish.  The lamb bucatini  was the most traditional of the dishes. We finished with sweet potato pierogis that were served with beets. They had saved the best for last. These were not your typical bland pierogis! The service is very personable. The waiter has to explain each dish before you order because the descriptions on the chalkboard menu are so vague, really just a list of ingredients. I highly recommend this restaurant and will definitely be back!Cutest little BYO with some delicious plates! Between the two of us we split 5 plates & 1 dessert. Definitely no shortage of food as we left so stuffed! Everything was perfectly cooked and the smoked carrots were phenomenal. A+ for this place, I can't wait to go back!Completely outstanding. Very reasonably priced, and good portions as far as tapas goes, and the staff was great.  I very rarely order desert out, but I went for it since everything else was so good - it did not disappoint.  This is a must BYO!I have heard great things from many people about this place, and was disappointed and surprised at how bad the food was. We got 4 dishes and I wouldn't describe either as "good".The squash dish that had pulled mozzarella was served cold and really should have been a hot dish. The crab dish was served on a dry overdone pastry and neither my husband or I could find crab in there anywhere. None of what we had was worth paying for. I will not be going back an don't reccomend to anyone.Hard to tell if the food or the service is more amazing!! This place is PERFECT for Celiacs- they use rice flour to fry the leeks and Claudia was on top of checking to make sure I got an order of ribs without bread crumbs. Our server was also attentive and anticipated my dietary concerns. Food for celiacs and non alike was *fantastic* (if pressed to say, I think beets with guanciale was my favorite? Or the ribs ;)) 
Also loved the rhubarb lemon elderflower desert- super flavorful and had so much texture! 
Highly recommend for with a group or whoever- this place goes above and beyond what other restaurants do.4.5 stars
Went with my sister, bro-in-law and hubby for our annual thanksgiving grown-up evening out.  
We got the tasting menu which meant we got to try everything on the menu for $50/person.  It's a small plates place a little far off the beaten path in south philly although we got a parking spot easily.  Menu's written on the blackboard,each dish as three important ingredients.  Surprisingly, most dishes were vegetable based so for all the food we ate it felt relatively healthy.  
The only dish my sis and I didn't like was the mackerel because we don't like fishy fish, but our top picks were the tempura battered leeks, the veal topped gnocchi, the turkey ragu pasta, the Brussels and the beets.
The service was great and the BYOB means you can drink a much better wine or two for much less.
The only major downside was how noisy the place was--some noise abatement would help those of us whose hearing's beginning to go.  Desserts were fine, not super-amazing.
Overall a really nice place with creative dishes. Highly recommend!another great addition to philly! still loving the farm to table theme!  i came to south helm thinking they don't take reservation so i was prepared to wait.  instead, almost like worst nightmare, they told me they started accepting reservations in advance and the sat night was fully booked!! thankfully, they were able to squeeze us in at a later time so we just went down the street and grabbed a beer at the local pub in the mean time.
after the long wait, we were beyond ready to CHOW DOWN.  here's the list of stuff we ordered (almost the whole menu):
1) artichoke, chickpeas, tuna
loved this! reminded me of poke but this was definitely an originale.  super refreshing and lots of flavor~ 
2) lamb, eggplant
minced lamb that almost tasted like bits of a lamb sausage paired with eggplant and some cheese? very delicious and everything complimented one another really well
3) seafood fra diavlo
the tomato sauce was out of this world! very tasty overall~
4) leek, goat yogurt
fried tempura style and paired with this yogurt sauce and some seasoning~ as simple as it was, it was very appetizing and delicious!
5) buccatini, soft shell
very light hint of the soft shell crab~ the pasta was delicious and the sauce was great~ i love crab pasta to begin with so this was a must for me.  even though i would get it again, it wasn't the star of the night.
6) waxed beans, flank steak, tomato
this was a little bland compared to the rest of the dishes but it was still very good! 
7) pork shank
small portion but really packed in all the flavors! it was more toward the salty side than the rest of the dishes though.. 
Dessert:  gateau basque
very delicious! mildly sweet paired with the tart yogurt.  very nicely done!  the center of the cake was warm and soft.  great way to finish off the meal!  i would get this again!
so in summary, i enjoyed everything we ordered collectively~  it's hard to pick a favorite but i think the artichoke, chickpeas and tuna along with the lamb and eggplant were the most memorable for me.  i was surprised how much i enjoyed the fried leek dish too!  least favorite was probably the pork shank since they over did it with the salt... 
but i seriously cannot wait to revisit South Helm~ the food was fantastic and def a winner in the philly culinary scene!This was one of the best meals I have ever had! Every dish we tried was a delicious combination of flavors I would not have put together. This is my new favorite spot to take friends. It is BYOB, which saves a lot of $$. The service was great too! We got our food quickly, but not too quickly. I would definitely recommend!I was hoping that this would finally be a good restaurant to serve Pennsport.  It is not. 
First, the food:  Most of the dishes were rather dull and came in a sauce and were rather small.  The menu is a selection of small plates.  The best of five options tried was the seafood fra diablo.  It included squid, mussels and shrimp with some rice balls and had some balanced heat.  The other dishes included asparagus in a lot of pickled walnut sauce, which was a bit too sweet, along with shaved parmessan and some great creamy goat cheese.  The asparagus though was rather bland.  The grilled leeks came in a sherry viniagrette that made the dish too sweet.  The monkfish was a bit mushy and came with two types of radishes - small round red ones and a large white radish - which were lacking in flavor and hard to cut.  The last dish was the chicken burata, which was a large piece of burata in good olive oil with a few small pieces of chicken.  The chicken cracklins gave it nice crunch. The pacing of the arrival of dishes, also didn't help matters.  At first we thought they would come out every few minutes after the first arrived. But then the other 4 showed up within about three minutes, crowding the table.  Also, the plates were not changed, so there was a mixing of the flavors of the various items as they were served to the small plates, with the various sauces competing against one another. 
The real issue is the space and the set-up.  First, for a brand new restaurant, why do the tables wobble so much?  Why is the cutlery a step below what you'd find in a middle school cafeteria?  Why do they not print menues?  The menu is recited in detail by the server.  That is if you can hear it.  Even half full, the room is deafening.  It is all hard surfaces in a small space.  There is a printed menu on the wall, but if your back is to it you can't see it, which is annoying since you're trying to decide on multiple items to order.  
On the plus side, it is BYOB and rather inexpensive.Perhaps my new favorite place in Philly... interesting, creative, delicious food; amazing & attentive service; BYOB; and intimate atmosphere! 
Came with a BFF for a girls' night of catching up, and we considered the $50 tasting menu (smaller portions of ALL ~10 of their dishes), but decided to order just 5 of the small plates instead (and save our stomachs a little pain!). After talking with our (very informative & helpful) waiter, we went with (listed in order of when they came out): 
Tomato, mussels. Heirloom tomato with an incredible light sauce & some small, fresh mussels. Great start! Light & tasty. 
Leeks, goat yogurt, greens. Tempura leeks = SO, SO good. Yogurt added nice tang. 
Carrots, preserved lemon. Yummy! Not a dish that jumped out at me, but so glad we ordered it! (Had homemade beef jerky in it, too, for salt & texture - not a great place to go if you are veg/vegan... almost everything seemed to have animal protein in it.) 
Lamb, buccatini, mozzarella. Oh my god. Really delicious, hearty, but a small enough portion that we cleaned the dish. Great balance of flavors. 
Cippollini, chicken liver, kale. Served on a crostini - again, totally delicious; sweet, salty, crunchy, smooth. Hit all the right notes. Just a little strange that it came at the END of the meal? Seemed like a great starter. 
And if THAT wasn't enough, we had to go with a dessert - the sour cherry semi-freddo, with raspberry compote/preserves and some crunchy granola pieces. It was wonderful. Again, light but tasty, and a great way to end the meal! 
Service was incredible - up there with Zahav in my book. Our waiter knew it was a special night for us, helped narrow down our order, was quick to fill up our wine and water glasses, always attentive but not hovering, just couldn't have been better. 
One TINY issue... as with many restaurants in Philly, it can get LOUD. We were there for 3+ hrs, and the noise level went from totally reasonable to having to lean across the table to hear each other. I guess it's to be expected at this point (and I don't think there's anything the restaurant can do about it), but just a heads up! 
Can't wait to go back & try more of their inventive small plates!This is an adorable BYOB in Pennsport. The exterior and interior decor make it look like it would be a wonderful neighborhood spot, which is great because I am walking distance from it. A group of four of us decided to check it out one night, having heard great things about the chef. Apparently the menu changes often so the whole thing is written out on a chalkboard in the middle of the small dining room. As soon as we were situated we quickly decided we were going to try one of everything (13 plates). A couple of us being in the industry thought this would be a welcome request (no need to remember seat numbers, orders, coursing). However, our server was so curt with us all night that we spent more time wondering why she hated us than we did savoring our food, which was pretty good by the way. All in all, we would still return. We just haven't yet, because there are so many great options in Philly!I miss the days when there were more places like this in Philly. Creative menu with great execution. Charming and simple space. Friendly and knowledgeable staff who care about the food, the place, and the customer's experience. Relaxed and mixed crowd. Reasonably priced. BYOB.I have lived in the city for 6 years and my husband and I are pretty well versed in all the yummy (popular and not so popular) foodie places to eat.  When he asked where I wanted to go for my birthday, I knew right away it was here.
Every time I go to this restaurant I have a least one dish that is "the best thing I have ever eaten".  Smoky beets and fried leeks are consistently on the menu and delic, but there are always several new things that blow my mind and my palate. 
Bonus is that this place is Byob. Servers really take the time to explain the dishes.  This is also one of the few places I get dessert in the city, tonight we had the avocado ice cream samis and they did not disappoint! 
Hoping this South Philly gem is around for good!Wanted to love this BYO, with a cozy feel and menu playfully written on the white board.  The various savory dishes were fine, but undistinguished: smoky beets, mackerel, etc.  The saving grace was the avocado ice cream sandwich at the end, creaminess sitting between brown butter cookies.- TIP:  Go with 4 people and get everything on the menu.  
- CON: The endive tart was forgettable; the only dish we weren't that crazy about.
- BOTTOM LINE: If you've ever been to the original Helm -- take the same style & level of food, but make it all into small plates in an even more laid back environment, and that's more or less South Helm.  There aren't many shared dishes between the 2 restaurants though so it's definitely not a redundant experience.
Oh, and if you haven't been to the original Helm....then go there too.Very salty. Poor flavor. Potatoes were so under cooked I could barely put my fork in it. The food was so unappetizing that we did not want to finish our plates. I felt queasy after the meal, and then had stomach pains the following morning. Very disappointed considering it's a top 50 philly restaurant. Would highly recommend NOT going.Wildly creative dishes that are absolutely mouth-watering, paired with terrific service, and a cozy atmosphere. A neighborhood favorite spot, affordable fare, and a BYOB...you can't get much better.Last night was my first time at South Helm.  What a great place!  
First...cute spot.  We sat in the corner by the kitchen and it felt like I was in someone's home.  Which made me feel cozy.
Second... the menu is awesome!  I am pescatarian (mostly vegetarian) and it had so many options for me.  As well for my carnivore friends.  Our server was SO GREAT and friendly.  He was so kind as to separate dishes out for me so the meat wasn't in it.
Which leads me to the last thing.... service.  I can't say enough on how great the service is there.  So friendly too.  
I'm telling everyone to go there.  They are killing it there!Thrilled to have a great byob in Pennsport. My husband  and I went last night and already plan on returning. The food was amazing. Every dish was wonderful.  Our sever was very friendly and very knowledgeable of the dishes. He made the experience even more enjoyable.Delicious food!! The restaurant is a small cozy spot and they have a warm and welcoming atmosphere. We did a tasting menu and I enjoyed every single dish. It was a lot of food so I wished they had slowed it down a bit because the food came out fast. They didn't rush us out though so we stayed and enjoyed wine after the meal was over.I received a gift certificate to this restaurant and finally decided to 'redeem' it.  Checking it out online, I was put off by the pictures of a blackboard with the menu.  HOWEVER, was I ever wrong!!!  This is the PERFECT way for a place like this to display their menu.  The magnificent waiter was so thorough in his presentation and description.  It was a perfect meal from start to finish.  Yes, it did get noisy, but that's fine for such a small place.  I'll definitely be back.Best BYO in the city. And even more than that, maybe the best food in the city.  Our meal consisted of fettuccine with rabbit meatballs, smoked goat with brusselsprouts, lamb with eggplant and burrata, and porchetta with sunchoke.  All were OUTSTANDING.  We ended up getting a second order of the rabbit fettuccine for desert.  My only suggestion for improvement would be to maybe switch out the burrata from the lamb dish.  Burrata may be the best cheese in the world but it gets lost in this flavorful, spicy lamb ragout.  But the service and food are fantastic and we will return.Went to South Helm last week for a team dinner for work, and I cannot say enough good things. We went with the tasting menu, so we had the opportunity to try every dish. Each was better than the last. Our server was knowledge and on his A game. - He thoroughly explained each dish as it was presented. Spaced dishes out well, so we were not waiting too long or overwhelmed with too much at the table at one time. Our water glasses were always full. The atmosphere was intimate and homey. I will definitely be back.A year ago I went to Helm, loved it, and realized Kensington/Fishtown was up to something.
Last night I went to South Helm, also shortly after it opened, loved it, then realized this year is all about Pennsport.
The theme at South Helm= sharing is caring. The entire menu is made of small plates (although the Inquirer review on the restaurant by Craig Laban mentioned there was one large entree dish the time he dined here), and they're ever-changing as the goal is to focus on fresh local produce of the day.
The 4 of us ended up devouring 13 plates, slightly aggressive but we were hungry. We were told generally 2-3 dishes a person would be sufficient. I'm going to try my best to describe everything we had.
#.) Fried leeks/goat yogurt/bitter green: I'm personally upset that the picture I took of this dish somehow disappeared on my phone. One of the waiters told us this was his personal favorite and it ended up being my bf's fav. I've really only had leeks either in soup, or as a role player in dishes like pizza or some fish dish. Here the leeks took center stage and shined. Must try if your'e here.
#.) Gnocchi/poussin (young chicken)/corn: Loved this. Gnocchi were pillowy w/ just the right amount of meat. Some breadcrumbs on top to turn up the texture.
#.) Green beans w/ flank steak: I don't think I've ever had green beans at a non-Chinese food place. This was excellent and crispy.
#.) Tuna/artichoke/chickpea: Very very good. Fairly light dish but flavorful. I feel like Philly restaurants don't use artichoke often, got my fix here :)
#.) Frog legs w/ goat cheese and pickled veggies: slightly underwhelming. I was very excited to have frog but thought there was too much breading to meat ratio. Still tasty though.
#.) Bucatini w/ soft shell crab: I'm very impressed by the pasta quality here. Cooked to great texture. Small bone to pick, I thought it was over-salted.
#.) Heirloom tomatoes!!! This deserves its own paragraph as it was THAT GOOD. I can't even tell you how it's made (Chef Kevin added this to our order as an off menu dish) but now I'm a heirloom tomato fan! We immediately asked for seconds because we wanted more!
#.) Porgy/lima (or fava?) beans: tbh at this point I was buzzed and full so can't tell you much about it except it was still good.
#.) Cabbage: similar memory as the last dish.
#.) Seafood fra diavlo: I love pasta fra diavlo. The twist on this was that the pasta was fried. Delicious but would be more appropriate for another time when we haven't stuffed ourselves already, since the dish is on the heavier side.
#.) Eggplant/burrata: Probably my 2nd fav of the night. Layers of eggplant were savory but light still. Burrata is just pure yummy in my mouth.
#.) Dessert: Both (chocolate panna cotta and a fruity french tart) were very strong. I find that restaurants frequently don't pay their dessert menu enough attention. Not at this place though.
As you can see, a very happy tummy churns out a very long review, oops. 
Besides the food, the service felt personal and warm, and the decor (a family photo of the chef hangs on one of the walls, and the open kitchen is a modest space in the back that looks like it can be found in any of our homes) echos similar ambiance. I thought the pricing was extremely reasonable and with the BYOB option, you really won't break your wallet with this royal feast. Lastly, the noise level is on the high side here. Didn't really concern me because I just had to make sure I spoke louder than others :PSince we're such huge fans of the original Helm, we tried South Helm within its first few weeks of opening. We took my in-laws as well. My father-in-law has a strict shellfish allergy and, after reading the chalkboard menu, he was upset to see that the majority of the menu had shellfish or some variety of it included in most dishes. After we told our server about his allergy, we never expected them to be so accommodating. Not only did they remove the shellfish from some of his dishes, but they also announced each dish as it came to our table and whether or not it contained shellfish so there was no mistake. We were very grateful! We also recently moved in the same neighborhood, so I'm sure we'll be constant customers.Easy going spot where you can get a snack or try the entire menu with some friends. Everything melted in my mouth. The ingredients are classic, yet ingenious. I had a buttery tart filled with chocolate ganache, topped with a blueberry sauce and meringue. Holy cow! The atmosphere and service is really great too. Five bright stars.I've been stalking the opening for awhile, and boy was I glad!  Amiable staff and great service.  These were all delicious in their own right, but if I had to rank based on what I'd go back for: 
Buccatini, SoftShell, Pepperoncini - I expected a softshell on top, but was pleasantly surprised the crab was broken down in a sauce of delicious harmony
Carrot, Spring Onion, Smoked Whitefish
Radish, Garlic, Monkfish
Leeks, Goat Yogurt, Bitter Green
Chicken, Pepper, Mozz
I cannot wait to head back to check the rest of the opening menu before you switch it up... A wholehearted welcome to the neighborhood - thanks for being here!Ugh all the hype and all the flavors were present but the execution was not here. We kept hoping one of our plates would be the ONE but nothing was that good. So disappointing. Things were overcooked or just lacking flavor. Service was ok.I had an excellent experience at this restaurant. Everything that came out of that kitchen was great! I've been to many high-end restaurants and have to say this place is just as good, if not better than many of those places. The menu was on the wall and if it sounds good I'm sure you will enjoy it. Be a little adventurous, I think you'll like it.As others have described, this is a cozy place with a neighborhood feel, and we were absolutely wowed by the food and service. 
Adrian, our server, was charming, kind, and actively solicited feedback on the dishes; it's nice to know that diner input influences the seasonal offerings! 
What we had: 
-Leeks with Goat Yogurt- the leeks were tempura battered and the best analogy I can think of for this dish is the classiest/most sophisticated onion rings you've ever had, in a delicious way. Paired really nicely with the slightly tangy taste of the yogurt (which is pasteurized, for those who are concerned about this). Simple, but hands down our favorite dish of the night 
-Mussels, squid, sofrito- Well balanced, the squid was cooked/battered just right, and the sofrito provided the right pop of tartness
-Smoked goat with goat cheese and brussels sprouts- I'm a big fan of goat in general, I thought the portion here was thoughtful/not overwhelming, the goat was cooked well/not gamey; for this dish to be the one that didn't stand out at this dinner is a testament to the strength of the other dishes. Well balanced flavors, just needed a bit of a crunch/texture element 
-Beets, lamb, mozzarella- Also pasteurized; beets overwhelmed the delicate taste of the mozzarella a bit, but again, overall, well-executed 
Dessert: We went with the chocolate/butterscotch/buckwheat pudding; in the best way possible, this reminded us of Smacks, that cereal you ate as a kid with the frog on the package; very light for a pudding and a great way to end.My wife and I wanted to treat a friend visiting from Australia to a special Philly experience and this new restaurant provided just the ticket.  The sharing menu of small plates delighted all of us with plenty of meat, fish, and vegetarian options to satisfy our different needs.  The variety was amazing and pricing was very reasonable for a special treat.  Service was friendly, efficient, and knowledgeable.  Thanks!Great new spot where First Ward sandwich used to be. Fresh seasonal menu that changes written on a blackboard. Order more than you usually would, they are small plates. 
Minus one star because it is really really hot in there.  They did turn up the air when we asked but still we were sweating at the table (never a good look).We really enjoyed our dinner at South Helm. My boyfriend and I came here on a Saturday evening for dinner. The waiter was very friendly and the decor of the restaurant is very home-y and cute. Our waiter recommended that we get between 4 and 6 dishes. We started with three and added as we went along.  We had a fried leek dish, a lamb ragu, the sweet potato/sausage biscuit, the gnocchi, the pierogis, and a blackberry/coconut dessert.  I really appreciated that they didn't tell you to order too much food, as I think some tapas places really try to make you think that you need more dishes than you do.  The waiter described the size of each dish when asked, which helped us to figure out how much food to order.  The leek dish and the gnocchi were our favorites, but everything was really tasty, fresh, and creative.  The prices are also quite affordable. For the two of us, our total was about $65-70 with tip. Great little BYO that I will return to!Many thanks to Adrian for his generosity and professionalism on Saturday night. There were three tables for two, with their bill paid but lingering over the last drop of wine in their glass. As a result we waited over a half an hour for our table. During that time, Adrian checked back with us several times offering his concern and some wine.
When we sat down he sent us several complimentary dishes for being so patient. This was all done from the heart as he is truly vested in what he does and his only concern was our satisfaction with the experience.After dining at Helm and having 2 great experiences, I was really excited to try South Helm and made a reservation for myself and two of my friends. I think we may have had an off night or just simply ordered wrong, because we were left a little disappointed with our meal. While most of it was good, a few dishes were just ok, and one dish was completely inedible. Unfortunately, nothing blew me away, hence the 3 star review. 
Unlike Helm, there are a few tables in the location of South Helm that the menu cannot be viewed from. This forces you to take a picture on your phone and view the menu like that, which is a little irritating, though not a huge deal. Service was fine through the night, but had some issues..
1) It is very difficult to hear the descriptions of all the dishes with the noise level and since it's also hard to see the menu, this makes for difficult ordering
2) Spacing of the plates seemed off and we were waiting a long time, at least 20 minutes, for our last dish (which was a small pasta dish) after we had finished all of the other dishes
3) We absolutely hated the broccoli and cheddar dish and barely touched it after we all tried it and had to put it back on the plate. There was no acknowledgement from the server about how we barely ate it or any question as to if we disliked it. I would have expected a small place like this to want to know that their creative dish did not work and maybe even offer a free dessert or take it off the check if it was truly that bad. 
The dishes that were good:
Scotch egg, spaghetti squash (very good- runny egg crusted in spaghetti squash)
Agnolotti, ramps, mushroom (best and last dish we had- should have ordered 2)
Potato, short rib, pierogi (flavorful)
Leeks, goat yogurt, bitter greens (fried leeks which were tasty in the sauce)
Beets, guanciale, hazelnut (Very flavorful, though there were big chunks of pork fat in the dish that were unappetizing)
Dishes that were just ok: 
Cauliflower, squid, basil (Lacking flavor)
Sunchoke, Brussels, Szechuan (Too heavy on the Szechuan and very very salty. Thought I would love this but was disappointed)
Do NOT order:
Broccoli, cheddar, peanut- This combination just did not work. Weird textured peanut sauce mixed with broccoli that was seared in some type of soy sauce or salty sauce with cheese curds on top. I literally almost vomited it back up. Really have never eaten something so awful in a restaurant in a long time. 
Overall, I felt that the one really bad dish did not outshadow the other good ones. However, everything I had at Helm both times were amazing and I actually consider it one of my top 5 in Philly. To think that their sister restaurant cannot live up to it is disappointing. I appreciate the creativity and trying new combinations and flavor profiles, but there's also a line that should be drawn. Also, I really think their servers should inquire when a dish has not even been touched so that they can give feedback to the chef.I'm not one to jump to reviewing an establishment after just one visit, however, when you decide to roll up and order, well, the entire menu (!), I certainly think that calls for an exception to the rule here.
Of course, this sounds way more baller than it really was. Truthfully, if you are coming in a group (we had a fivesome), South Helm's small plates approach is designed for you and your crew to run the gamut of their kitchen's creations on that given night. And affordably so! Plus, if your squad drinks like ours, having South Helm be BYOB certainly helps cut down the bill.
Anyway, here's the full feast:
- Carrot, Spring Onion, Smoked Whitefish
- Quail, Mushroom, Hakurei
- Seafood Fra Diavolo, Fava Bean, Basil
- Leeks, Goat Yogurt, Bitter Green
- Burrata, Corn, Cucumber
- Squash, Feta, Peaches
- Green Beans, Guanciale, Chèvre
- Bucatini, Soft Shell, Pepperoncini
- Cabbage, XO, Long Hots
- Smoked Onion, SS, Jalapeño
- Potato, Lamb, Swiss Chard
Now. Two disclaimers. We ordered the Stuffed Veal Chops, only to be told they were sold out, which was a bummer, as it was clearly a popular pick to have been 86'ed by 8p. And despite ordering the Snowpea, Buttermilk, Oyster dish as well, we realized the next day, when recounting the wonderful meal here, that it never made it to the table. None of us kept an itemized receipt to see if we were charged for it or not, but the point here is that we were two plates short of the full menu, but not by choice. I stand by my diction from earlier in that we "ordered" everything. Whether or not we "received" everything was out of our control. Capiche? Great.
My favorites of the bunch were the pasta picks - the Bucatini and the Fra Diavolo. The seafood employed in each was a nice nod to summer flavors, but it was the spicy kick that made 'em memorable. The Leeks weren't far behind, a yin and yang established between the crunch of the fried veggies and the soft goat yogurt. Across the board, the combinations were extremely unique, a creative farm-fresh approach for picking what's in season and basically challenging your kitchen to a Chopped episode.
The clean, casual, modern, modest dining space feels like you are in someone's home, with today's ingredients scrawled in multi-color chalk across a blackboard. The servers were accommodating and attentive and the pace of our meal was pretty darn quick. Plate after plate came to the table, and I was unsure if there was a particular order or if it was just whichever was ready at the time. I questioned the smaller size of some of the dishes at first, but then slowly realized this was all by design. The "just enough" stature allowed us to properly finish a few plates before the next round, and the next round came with minimal, if any, downtime. Had the plates been obnoxiously bigger, or the pace intentionally slower, it would been overwhelming and perhaps pretentious. But instead, South Helm felt like a Friendsgiving where you bring the booze and your super-domesticated pal does all the dirty work. My kind of holiday, for sure.The Helm, South is a BYOB restrant at Front and Morris. They serve Farm Fresh Contemporary American Cuisine served on small plates. Having visited here on two previous occasions, I felt the need to share my experience. The menu here changes constantly and is written on a blackboard in the small but quaint dinning room... Reservations are encouraged... If I had to use one word to describe The Helm, it would be "Exciting!" There are many items on the menu, and if you have a party of four or more, you can sample the entire menu for $50 a person. This is what I HIGHLY recommend ! My Son, Tommy and his friend Mike accompanied Me, and my friend Pamela... I brought with us a bottle of Champagne, a bottle of red wine(A Languedoc French Wine) and a bottle of white wine (Josh Chardonnay). We started out with a flute of Champagne , as I often do. and we had a glass of white on our left and a glass of red on our right. We drank the wine we felt was appropriate with each serving ! There were items on the menu that I may not have ordered had it not been for the entire menu tasting deal. This is where the excitement comes in ! There is nothing I enjoy more than trying new things ! While the ingredients were all familiar, EVERY thing on the menu was new to me ! AND EXCITING ! Our server Adrien, was both informative and professional. Despite the crowded dining room he was always there when needed ! I'm not going to describe each dish, If I did, I would be writing a novel, but I will tell you that every dish I had was wonderful ! The plates were small, so if you try something you don't like so much, you're not too invested in it (For me it was the Cipollini, Chicken Liver, Kale... I'm not a big fan of liver) The plates are more than enough to satisfy us. The Farm Fresh ingredients were assembled in a unique and creative way as to keep your interest throughout the meal !  I highly recommend The Helm if you like excitement ! I also recommend you ask for Adrien as your server.This place has become one of my favorite restaurants in Philly! Small restaurants with a small menu. But the menu basically lists all the ingredients in each dish. it is small plates. Everything I've ever had here was absolutely amazing. Small restaurant so can get loud. Byob.Wow. South Helm blew me and my three dining companions away on Friday night. Since the restaurant currently does not accept reservations, we decided to go on the later side and arrived around 9pm with two bottles of wine in tow. We were seated immediately and, while most of the tables were still occupied, they were all finishing up their meals and we ended up being the last table remaining at the end of the night. I felt a little guilty being 'those people', but the staff welcomed us with open arms and we even did some shots together after the meal which was pretty awesome. 
But back to the food. The menu is comprised of small plates that change depending on what's seasonal and available. Our fantastic server told us it wouldn't be out of line to try one of everything and so that's what we did. See my photo of the chalkboard menu to get an idea of some of the plates, but be warned: the brief descriptions don't do an ounce of justice to convey the deliciousness of each dish. Maybe that's the point? Pick some things that sound good and then be utterly spellbound by the talent coming out of the kitchen. Worked for us! 
It's hard to pinpoint my favorites out of an overall incredible dinner, but if I had to go there I'd say the carrots, seafood fra diavolo, leeks, soft shell bucatini, fried oysters, and stuffed veal chop were my faves. So yeah, basically every dish was stiff competition for tops in my book, and everyone in the group had their own lineup of what they liked best, no dish left behind. 
Get thee to South Helm and do it quickly, because this South Philly gem is going to have lines for hours in the near future.