Consistently good food.  Szechuan beef was more chewy than I'd like but this is still my go-to place for takeout. One watch out that I close my eyes to - the place isn't hygeinicly attractive.I have tried plenty of Chinese food places and this is the best one for sure! Very friendly, order is always right, and it is very yummy and tasty. I only order from South Garden now.  Very consistent :)I order from South Garden at least twice a week. Everything is always FAST and FRESH. It's gotten to the point where I refuse to order from anywhere else. The employees are super friendly, too!!!my chicken was only TSO-TSO! man, i hope no one has used that yet. the lady and i sorted through the menu stack last night and settled here cause they will make any dish vegeterian ( this is subject to communication) we got vegetable steamed dumplings, moo shoo veggie, general tso's chicken and requested curry chicken with fake chicken, thats tofu, ya dig?
let me set up this next part very clearly for you. i gave my address (which is on a little street in south philly, and not in a hotel) very clearly, the woman taking my order repeated it all to me correctly and dinner was well on its way, we thought.
 so...... about half an hour later i get a call from a man who does not speak much english, which i am cool with, the only words i can understand though are " you order food" yes, yes i did. then about seven minutes later i get a call from a man who speaks very good english asking me if i ordered food (yes, yes i did) and if he can send the delivery man up to my room. after telling him this all seemed comical i asked where he was calling from, answer, the regency hyatt, HEY! thats not where i live. so after clearing it all up the man rushed over to my pad. no beating around the bush here folks, this was not so good at all, the dumplings i believe are filled with leftover eggroll filling, we only ate about 2 each, for the chicken quality, refer to my opening sentance, the moo shoo pancakes came wrapped so tightly in saran that i actually had to use a knife to open them and some also had holes in them ( not from my knife play, mind you) and the curry chicken with fake chicken was actually good, the fake chicken and the real chicken that they sent with it. yes, you understand. 
 i would have given two stars but i had that  grumbly feeling in my tummy within half an hour and it wasnt hunger, if ya cacth my drift.
also we accidentally stiffed the guy on the tip because we had planned on only being charged for fake chicken and they charged us for both, sorry bud.Staff actively ignored my friend and I for nearly 20 minutes. You might think that it was because everyone was very busy, but they weren't. There were no customers. Zero. And not ONE employee acknowledged us, at all.
The hostess left into the kitchen shortly after we walked in which prevented us from placing an order to go, or even being seated at a table.
A group that walked in after we had been waiting for all that time was greeted right away by this places sorry excuse of a waitress and asked if they would like to place an order.
She just looked right past us and straight into the eyes of the three guys that came in behind us. I was honestly shocked that a place of business would be that rude.
I don't even know these people and and I have no idea why they tried to black ball us or refused us service as they did, but I will not be returning. Ever. 
Rude ass people. Unacceptable.if you like no utensils and stomach pain, order from south garden chinese!Very rude. First accused me of not paying then after calling for proof he demanded a tip. I inadvertently forgot to leave one and was going to call to have it added. After how rude he was I decided against it. Some of the chicken tasted and felt as if it was refried. Not the South Garden I remember from years ago. I will not be ordering again.South Garden Chinese Restaurant
Ordered On Jun 7 2014 at 9:21 PM
1 29. Pork Dumplings $ 5.55
1 C17. General Tso's Chicken Combo Plate $ 7.95
1 Free Soda Special $ .00
1 16oz. Soda $ 1.75
Subtotal $15.25
Tax $1.38
Delivery Fee $2.00
Tip $1.87
TOTAL $20.50
The pork dumplings were the size of potstickers, so I thought they were really expensive being at around 90 cents per bite.... They just weren't worth it.
The general Tso's combo was crispy and pretty good... not the best I've had but not even close to the worst. Easily 4 stars, and the serving size was pretty good.
However, due to the high price for fried pork dumplings relative to their size I have to give this place 3 stars, but I'll definitely check them out again and update my review when I do.Zeke-  You're a great guy and I love that Jenny of yours, but I have to disagree- at least a little bit. South Garden is no Golden Empress, New Harmony, Kingdom, or Singapore- but who can deny that the vegetable egg rolls are to die for. My man, you need to call South Garden back and tell them that you want a vegetable egg roll, a pizza roll, fried scallops (they were yummy when I ate meat!) and a fruit punch. I promise you that you won't be disappointed with your grease hangover the next morning!So I debated for a while about 4 or 5 stars, and then realized I just made my 30th order from here today (all delivery), and I keep on ordering, so that must say something. Every order has arrived hot and correct and in less time than I expected, in all sorts of weather. But the most important part is, of course, the food.
The food here continues to exceed expectations. It doesn't blow me away - it isn't so amazing that I daydream about it, but it's always better than I expect for the price & given that it's delivery (not hot out the wok). Here are some tried & true favorites:
*Teriyaki chicken on a stick - yes, I'm well aware this isn't even a Chinese dish, but somehow their teriyaki chicken is better than anything I've had at a Japanese restaurant. Also, these are some serious portions of chicken - you could almost fill up on just 1 order of 5
*Seafood chow fun - quality seafood, great flavors, cooked just right every time, all for $10 = can't be beat
*Soups - wonton, chicken noodles, hot & sour - I can't say the quality is superb (it's about average) but the quantity is ridiculous for how much you pay; you get easily 2x what you'd get elsewhere
*Curries - once again, about as Chinese as fortune cookies, but their take on curry is basically light stir-fry with curry flavor and it's great, with fresh meat & veggies and quality flavor without being overpowering
The main value proposition of this place is value. It's hard to find quality Chinese food, made with quality ingredients, delivered hot consistently, for this kind of value. You can find similar value eating-in in Chinatown but South Garden is the standard for Chinese delivery in Philly.Hot, delivered on time, correct order... but the food just wasn't good. Lomein had a weird taste that was not how lomein should taste. The chicken and string beans had the same weird flavor. Crab Rangoon was ok but no crab or crab flavor in it. Just cream cheese. The crispy wonton strips were fresh... so that's good. Wouldn't order from here again.Terrific take-out spot. Generous portions. Pretty typical Chinese take-out food, just a little more special than your average South St spot.I got the orange chicken and I ate in. It was great! When they came out with the plowl (figure it out) I thought yikes is that all mine? It sure was and I found a good home for it. I'm no connoisseur, but it was the best orange chicken I've ever had. I was so full I didn't know if I was going to make it home. I had to walk it off!
Okay so here's my gripe as with many other Chinese restaurants. The drink options are ridiculously limited. I think all they had was canned soda and bottled water. I placed my order and left for Wawa around to the corner to get something more filling. How are you gonna give me more orange sauce than I get soda in a can and expect me not to be thirsty? In defense of South Garden, they brought out a cup of water. That's cool and all, but I drink a lot!
So whenever I go there I bring my own drink. Otherwise, it's a little cramped, but the food is good. I think they have a fleet of delivery guys.I went into South Garden right when it opened and only got 2 items but they still made it less than 10 mins, which was great. I was there with a friend and we planned to eat inside but the restaurant was freezing, probably because it just opened but was still way to cold to stay inside. 
As for the food; my vegetable Lo mein was very good, not greasy and veges were still crisp. However, my spring roll was still cold/ frozen most of the way through.Ordered pan fried pork dumplings, scallion/Chinese pancake, and wonton chips with duck sauce.
The food was delivered very quickly. The delivery guy was rude when I didn't answer the first call (I have a baby and wasn't right next to my phone at the moment, but heard it ring again directly after. He yelled at me on the phone to tell me my food was here. 
The dumplings were barely pan fried, they were soft and the pork inside them was tasteless. My cats enjoyed it. Dumpling sauce was okay but had an overpowering ginger flavor. 
The scallion pancake was the worst I've ever had. I worked in an Asian restaurant for years, and have eaten many a scallion pancake, it's supposed to be crispy on the outside and flaky and soft on the inside, with fresh and abundant pieces of scallions. This was not the case with this scallion pancake from South Garden. I could tell it was not fried in a pan, as it's supposed to, but actually deep fried. It was fried to a crisp, inside and out. It was completely tasteless and probably had like 10 pieces of scallion in it. Again the dumpling sauce that came with it was mediocre.
Lastly I ordered wonton chips because they're my favorite little snack, and they forgot the duck sauce that I specifically called and asked for. Like no sauce at all, just 10 packets of soy sauce.
All this disappointment for $14 including tip and delivery. 
TLDR: I would NOT recommend this place. If your local to South St, try Golden Empress Garden instead, a lot better.Found this place because it was close to the place we we're staying at. Ordered many dishes including noodles, fried rice, Mongolian beef, general tso chicken , mu shu pork , dumplings, wonton soup and hot and sour soup. Only thing that was good was hot and sour soup, the rest was meh.... Wouldn't go back with all the other Chinese restaurant nearby.Pros: Fast delivery, pleasant person taking order, good overall customer service.
I would have liked to give this place a higher rating, which leads to...
Cons: Oddly seasoned general Tso's chicken, mediocre seafood soup chock full of imitation crab meat...underwhelming flavor overall
I expected more from this cheap, neighborhood spot.  I've had tastier and cheaper. I will give it another try and review again.  For now, the pleasantries can't save the barely tasty food.Via UberEats. Ordered the following items: Beef Chow Mein, House Special Lo Mein, Chicken with Snow Peas, and General Tso's. Two of the entrees should have included 1 egg roll and 1 spring roll. It was not included in the delivery. The Beef Chow Mein was not a noodle dish rather a Beef Vegetable dish. Lastly, the General Tso's tasted and looked like leftovers from sometime. It was not fresh. Disappointed. We will never order from here again. BUYER BEWARE!Ordered general tsos tofu, eggplant side and egg drop soup and it was terrible. The tofu tasted like it had been fried and sitting out overnight, and the eggplant was so greasy and overcooked I couldn't even eat it. It was a complete 180 difference from the last time I ordered from here..... Also waited an hour and a half from grubhub.I would have to say this is the BEST Chinese I have had in philly ( and pretty much any place) ever Sense I have found them I eat here at lest once a week ( probably not something I should confess to) but everything I have tastes amazing. My favorites are the lo main so many places make it soggy. Or Way to greasy so that it is just heavy and gross.. Theirs is light and full of flavor. 
The generals chicken is great. So many places make it either super sweet or so spicy I get hot flashes. Here is the perfect blend. 
But everything me or my friends have when we order is amazing so I give them a WELL. Earned 5starsI really wanted to give this place more stars because they were friendly, delivery was prompt and they got my order exactly right.  
But.
We were somewhat disappointed by the food overall.  There were a bunch of positives (more in number than negatives), so I want to be fair and share those too, but unfortunately the couple negatives were BIG negatives.  Here's the breakdown:
POSITIVES
*The food came exactly when they said it would
*Eggrolls were very good
*Crab rangoons were tasty, but did not like the dipping sauce.  No problem, duck sauce was perfect!
*Vegetables in the entrees were crisp and fresh (just the way I like them!)
*Sauces on all entrees were good, though the Hunan Beef (which is my go-to Chinese food order at all restaurants) did not taste like a typical Hunan sauce.
*Dumpling dipping sauce was great
NEGATIVES
*The beef in the Hunan Beef entree was tasty but looked unappetizing. The pieces had a funny color/texture to them.
*The container for Hunan Beef was split half food, half rice, so in all I didn't get a whole lot of Hunan Beef for the money.  Very disappointing. Other Chinese restaurants fill the same sized container with all entree and put rice in a side carton.
*The chicken in Sesame Chicken was soggy and of poor quality.
*The steamed vegetable dumplings had way too much dough and not enough filler.   What WAS inside was just a few clumps of stringy cabbage or similar.
Maybe next time I'll just order crab ran goons and a vegetarian entree, because those they got right!!! :)Decent, cheap, your typical Chinese takeout. Crummy lookin dine-in, but with all the other dining options in this area, why would anyone dine here?I love this spot! I've been coming here with my best friend for years because she was vegetarian and they literally can sub any meat on the menu for faux meat. Which is quite tasty. The first time I ever tried any of their vegetarian dishes I was dumbfounded that it wasn't meat!
Everything I've had here is really awesome. Lo mein, fried rice, chicken with broccoli, eggs rolls, general tso's, you name it.
The staff here have always been super friendly and the food comes in a timely fashion. The dining room and bathroom is kind of small but it's okay. I haven't been in awhile so maybe next time I'm down around south street I'll have to stop in for delicious noms.While I can't vouch for what the environment is like at their restaurant, what I DO know about South Garden is that they are minutes away from my apartment, affordable, and delivered within a small time frame.  I've ordered their sesame tofu a few times and while I haven't always been able to finish it in one sitting, it makes for great leftovers the following day.  A bonus? The plastic containers they use for delivery (rather than the styrofoam take-out containers) are washable and microwave safe--hoping my collection of those will continue to grow!South Garden is my go-to for Chinese delivery as a vegetarian.
It's always tasty, fresh and fast.  
It's your standard American Chinese take out, but it's always been good.This is the only place where me and my roommates order from. The egg roles and sesame chicken are out of this world. Highly recommend!All Chinese food placs taste the same...so why am I giving this such a high review? Because the people are awesome.
And no, I don't work there.South Garden is a VERY solid option for basic Chinese delivery.
I have been ordering from here for years, and never been truly disappointed.  The employees are friendly, they always get orders correct, and the food usually arrives amazingly fast.
My go-to dishes include lemon chicken, and chicken with mixed vegetables or broccoli, the latter two of which I always order with garlic sauce.  Their regular "brown" sauce can be a little bland, but the garlic sauce perks things right up.  I have enjoyed other things from the menu, but often come back to these favorites.  I also like that they have brown rice as an option.
As an added bonus, the prices are cheap and the portions are large.  If you try to compare South Garden to the like of Han Dynasty and E. Mei, you might be disappointed; but, for easy inexpensive Chinese delivery, you can't go wrong with South Garden.Never ate in, but my family and I order from here a couple times a month. Fast delivery (sometimes less than a 1/2 hour) and great food for cheap. I highly recommend the garlic wings. 
If we haven't called in a while, a man will actually come bring us a 2 liter of Pepsi and an updated menu.Chicken and Broccoli was not good. The chicken wasn't well cooked at all and that's the one hung I can't stand.
Don't ever go here. 
Plus as usual the service is very rough. It's almost like you are bothering them or they expect you to be disrespectful.
DO NOT VISITEasily the worst Chinese food I have ever eaten. The cold sesame noodles were in a sauce that was gray in color. Vegetable won tons were all dough, no veggies. We threw almost all the food away. Luckily, we did not get food poisoning. We then ordered dinner from another place, and it was wonderful.Chow mein isn't supposed to taste like soup, or have this consistency. Slimy texture and not sure where the noodles are exactly. I ordered chow mein, not soup. Chow mein is supposed to be crispier, or at least not served with a egg drop soup consistency. I even googled it to makes sure I knew what I was craving. Highly disappointed in this.Ordered the beef and broccoli combo here on the 4th of July, just before the fireworks. As far as take out Chinese food goes, the meal was great. It also came with an egg roll and pork fried rice. I will definitely eat here again.I had a late night craving for Chinese, and this happened to have a coupon (free egg roll with $15 purchase) and good ratings on grubhub so I obliged. The food came earlier than expected, and was still warm.
I ordered the egg drop soup, broccoli with garlic sauce and general tsos tofu. I ordered everything hot and spicy, and while I didn't think any of the entrees were spicy they were still flavorful and IMHO, good. The sauce for both entrees were watery and somewhat oily at the same time, and the tofu and broccoli were swimming in it. However, it was still really flavorful, and the tofu was a solid win. The egg drop soup was good as well - perfect consistency. The only complaint I had was with the free egg roll - it was greasy and felt a little old.  All in all, solidly good late night Chinese eats and I'd definitely order again.Classic Chinese food. Not the best scallion pancakes.Best Chinese in the area. Pizza rolls are delicious. Go to meal is the general tso chicken.I've ordered from this place twice, so I have a general sense for the food from this place.  Sadly, I was disappointed with most of the dishes.  The flavoring of the mabo tofu was very, very bland when I expected a spicy dish to eat with my white rice.  The shrimp with vegetable dish was also off.  The eggplant dish was also more on the sweet side, though it was marketed as eggplant in garlic sauce, again, not what I am accustomed to.  The only dish I could recommend is the Mongolian beef which was just ok with lots of veggies that were good.  That is the only thing I would ever order again from this place.South Street, PA
old review..
They kindly made me my imitation pho soup! LOL. The place next door closed down... So I asked them for beef, any green veggie, ginger and onions. It was pretty good! Any pho substitute is great when ur not feeling so great.Ordered Sweet and Sour Chicken.  Took over and hour to arrive and everything was cold.  The chicken had no taste and the breading tasted stale.  Will not order from here again and i wouldn't recommend to anyone.You know how when you're hungover after staying up until 7am drinking and all you want is some really greasy Chinese food to eat for both lunch and dinner? Maybe? Could this just be me?
ANYWAY this is the place you should order from. The food here is super good and cheap and perfectly greasy to help absorb all that alcohol. My personal favorite is the general tso's chicken and the crab rangoons, which are just lovely deep-friend triangle pockets of cheese with crab flavoring. SO good. I still have the egg drop soup from my lunch special sitting in the fridge for my 4th meal of leftovers today, so I can't comment on it, but I'm sure it's divine. My roommate gets something different every time and has never complained about anything. For being American-Chinese food, it's yummy yummy.
A couple of things, though. I'm taking off a star because my fried rice had a weird sour/tangy taste to it. I don't think it was bad, but it's just not my style. The soup portion from the lunch special was also really small. Not that I need all that food but compared to other Chinese delivery restaurants, it's at least half that portion. Also, being that it's on South Street, the prices are definitely slightly more expensive. That being said, the delivery is prompt and they come all the way to my South Philadelphia/Pennsport home just to make sure that my day of hangover gluttony is fulfilled. 
This place is the winner.This place is just around the corner, so we were all set to have it be our go-to Chinese takeout place.  On our first night living in the neighborhood, we ordered a huge amount of food and tried it in little bits, with enough leftovers for a few days afterward.  The one thing that really stood out was the crab rangoon -- that was delish.  The wonton soup was also excellent.  I really loved the broth.  Most of the food, however, was serviceable but a little meh.  The cashew chicken I actively disliked, with way too much celery.  I would be willing to order again from here, and try different items. (Or if I am ever around at lunchtime, I will gladly get the wonton soup again.) However, it was a disappointing experience and did not immediately win itself a place in my heart.  So the search for the neighborhood Chinese takeout continues.We've ordered several times from here from UberEATS and have been happy each time.  Their general tso's chicken is crispy and you're able to get a lomein and fried rice combo that you can't normally do at other restaurants.  It's a little pricier than other neighborhood Chinese places, but is worth the few extra dollars.This is our go-to Chinese food place. Cheap, fast delivery, and even quicker for pickup. 
I alternate between moo shu chicken and chicken with broccoli...we've also gotten sesame chicken, general tso's chicken, all kinds of noodle dishes...
I really love the sides--steamed pork dumplings are the perfect consistency and have a nice ginger sauce that is better than I've had at any restaurant. Also love the won ton soup. Sometimes just go get that for dinner in the winter---v. comforting! Good combo specials---rice (white or fried) and an eggroll with an entree. And your menu has coupons for free soup, soda, etc. depending on how much you spend. Nice!
Only thing I could knock is consistency. I think the weekend chefs are better than the weekday chefs. But not enough to dock a star!The food is delicious, priced well and the staff is friendly and helpful.  The main reason this is my go-to Chinese food is you can substitute the meat in any dish for imitation meat made from gluten and soy.Lunch specials are competitively priced - 20+ dishes for under $6, available from 11am until 3pm.  But the one I tried was pretty unremarkable.  You got soup, rice, and your dish.  Many other Chinese lunch specials I've had at other places also included an egg roll and wontons, for example.
The food was average to slightly above average.  The service was a little slow, but I would be willing to go back and try another dish.Food is decent . Nothing to write home about . About as good as u find in most mall food courts . That's not the problem , the problem is delivery. Like most ppl in Philly I live in an apartment . The "delivery" guy won't come up to deliver the food , hell he actually makes me come
Down and GO OUTSIDE ON THE STREET to get the food. I live on the 10th floor .Not convenient at all..if u don't wanna deliver then don't but this half ass stuff isn't cutting it. Food isn't good Enough to put up with that, this level of food is literally everywhere . I'm done with themI have been craving crab rangoon... and due to rain, I was looking for a place that delivered.  It is strangely hard to find places in chinatown that do crab rangoon so I decided to try this place. 
Mediocre at best.  I have been spoiled by being so close to chinatown apparently, and no know that a 2 star in chinatown is equal to a 4 or 5 star outside of chinatown.  
I ordered shrimp lo mein... which looked so good.... way more generous with amount of shrimp and food in general than most places.... but it was bland.  I didn't know that was possible for chinese food... and even after dumping a pound of soy sauce on it, I still didn't like it.  The crab rangoon was not very good, but I haven't found any good crab rangoon since living in philly.   My advice... if you want delivery, order from "the Chinatown restaurant" ... kinda hard to find, and it may not be the best chinese food in chinatown, but it delivers, is cheap, and is way better than this place! If you don't need delivery...  go to David's Mai Lai Wah... that place is everything you want in a cheap chinese restaurant! Well, except crab rangoon.It's all in the delivery. If you're too tired to cook, hungry to the point of stupidity, and in want of some decent Chinese food delivered quickly and piping hot, these guys are perfect.
The food quality may not be gourmet, but it's better than good. Think Chinese comfort food. Excellent wonton and egg drop soups. Hot and sour, not my favorite. But my wife and I almost always place the same (simple orders) for beef or chicken with broccoli (fresh, crispy vegetables), vegetable lo mein (which has a great smokey flavor that you'll either love or not. But we love it) and a soup. Their egg rolls and spring rolls are good, but not exceptional.
After years of ordering delivery from them, we decided to stop and eat-in once. It was a chilly late winter afternoon; the dining area was freezing. It's clear that they prefer to deliver. But a positive perk was their home-made spicy mustard that they offered us with the meal. Fantastic and enough to extract sweat from every pore. Still, eating at home is the way to go.
In short, the food is good, the friendly service and delivery time (even two miles away) is excellent.Cold leftover Chinese food straight out of the carton is my secret breakfast of champions. Thank you South Garden! I dined in the restaurant one summer afternoon and now I get delivery from there all the time. (They deliver suprisingly fast so be ready!)
When I ate there, the place was very small and quaint, only a few tables...which led me to believe that they do mostly take-out. The decor was simple and it was clean as a whistle. I had my mom and my 2 year old son with me. They were very child friendly and immediately brought over a highchair. They rushed over some crunchy noodles, which my son loves to munch on. The waitress was sweet and attentive, and kept our glasses full of iced water. Bonus points for doting over my son and making him giggle. The food came out super quick and I was pleasantly surprised...it looked and smelled exceptionally delicious!
 I ordered General Tso's Shrimp which was incredibly yummy. (Still my favorite dish from South Garden) The shrimp are crispy and sweet, with cashews and perfectly cooked broccoli. My mom ordered the Seafood Combo which was equally delicious. Full of shrimp, scallops, and huge chunks of buttery lobster sauteed with fresh veggies in a white garlic sauce. 
The entree portions are huge, so you always have leftovers and I am always surprised how cheap the prices are. The eggrolls are scrumptious and the fried scallops are great too. I whole heartedly reccommend this place. I'm actually surpised more people don't know about it, since it is right on South Street.South Garden is definitely the best place to order Chinese takeout in the city. The order came 20 minutes earlier than it said, and everything was PIPING hot. So hot that even the soy sauce packets were warm. The WonTon soup is TO DIE FOR!!! Did they just take this right off the PAN?!? Wow! Def coming back to South Garden.I use to eat here all of the time and lately it hasn't been the same. I don't know if they fired their cook or are trying new ways to prepare their food, but it's not very good anymore. I ordered tonight for me and my boyfriend and neither of us could stomach anymore. Get your old cook back please!This is the closest Chinese restaurant to my apartment. I've never dined in, so I can't comment on the service, but I've never had anything bad come from this place. Their portions are huge and I ALWAYS have leftovers. It's just a good staple Chines place. Good to suit your cravings or to cure your hangover. I can absolutely recommend their sesame chicken, egg drop soup, and chicken lo mein. 
Oh yeah, and it's real cheap :)Typical Chinese food store whether it's from north or south philly it all taste the same to me . Their food isn't as good as Chinese food takeout in Boston . I can promise you that ! When I first moved out here and had Chinese food I was like, "what the hell am I even eating?!" There's so such thing as good Chinese take out here . Whenever my boyfriend had his craving for Chinese food that's when we usually get the take out or either that I would just eat at a spot like the one in Chinatown . I only like their general tso chicken from here . Their rice is just okay . Service is okay .I've been coming here for about six months now and the food and service is always above average. They offer lunch specials until 3:00pm but no vegetarian options unfortunately. They do however have them for the regular menu. 
You can sit down and eat but this type of place is for more take out or delivery. The bathroom can be cleaner and perhaps have one for each gender. The owners though are very nice and the lady is more of a friend then just a business owner to me. 
The place overall is clean and it's worth the trip to try it out if you never have. They have a $1.00 delivery charge and have utilized that before and each time it's been on time. The place offers sodas (cans and bottles). The food isn't greasy and the rice is good quality.Very quick as far as delivery. A tad overpriced compared to other Chinese Spots. As far as the food, it was pretty much gross. I ordered chow fun which was very very dry and little to no veggies or shrimp ( I paid for extra shrimp). The ragoons were subpar at best. And the egg rolls, the egg rolls! They were soggy and filled with more lettuce than anything. Never coming back here againGot take out with a bunch of friends. We placed our order at 8:15 and at 8:50 it arrived and very nice and hot! They told us it wouldn't arrive until 9:10-9:20 so we were pleasantly surprised!! 
We ordered the following:
Sesame chicken
Buddhist delight
Chicken lo mein
Egg drop soup
Pork dumplings
Chicken dumplings
Crab Rangoon
Vegetable fried rice
Chinese pizza 
The crab Rangoon was very odd and was shaped like small little purses. Still tastes good though. The Chinese pizza was great. The dumplings were the kinda with the very thing dough. Those aren't my favorite but they still tasted good although they fell apart very easily. The sesame chicken was delicious. The rice remained hot forever. The lo mein was good as well. Overall it was very great quality food and I recommend this restaurant for delivery for sure!The food was really good. No tricks, it's your regular Chinese food you'd find in any Philadelphia neighborhood. Very tasty! I had the chicken and broccoli and the broccoli wasn't over cooked.I was sick and needed a quick delivery option without a hefty delivery fee. Thanks to some super sleuthing on yelp, I found this gem. Even though it was on the other side of town from me, my order got to me quickly and it was still hot! I ordered the egg drop soup and the general tsos chicken (smaller size). I was worried that the small size would be too small or not come with enough rice or something because it was significantly cheaper but I honestly had enough food between the soup and the entree for two meals! Both tasted delicious and were just what I needed at that moment. I would definitely order delivery from this place again and maybe try some other options. I think I finally found my Philly restaurant that doesn't try to over price or go too crazy with the recipes after three years! *insert happy dance here*There was a hair in my white rice! Gross! I wouldn't recommend this place unless you want pubes in your food. I ordered it on door dash and it came with in 40 minutes. The egg roll was pretty good.On a cold night in Philly, I ordered in not wanting to leave my hotel room. Ordered this due to the reviews.The sweet and sour chicken was a bit under cooked. The egg roll was also undercooked. The beef and broccoli was mainly broccoli. 
The plus side? It came on time and the food was warm.Very nice &great customer service food is delicious I got the vegetable lo mien fire I honestly wanted to try more but was in a hurryEnjoy the food in this place very tasty always quick or on time food delivery & hot! my regular as to list for Chinese but Only thing is i use to just love their egg rolls crunchy tasty full but last few months something off with the egg rolls smaller soggy and whats inside is stingy and not full with various ingredients more mush inside not pure cabbage & other stuff use to make them my fav egg roll .. so whats up with that change?????I cannot believe I gave this place a 2nd try. Absolutely horrible, as the chicken takes like fake chicken. Do not eat here!South garden is consistently solid. The entire family agrees - good food. Great place to order takeout. I particularly like their steamed options such as chicken and vegetable with sauce on the side.We really enjoyed the food, the fast service and reasonable prices. Shall order again that's for sure.Got take out from door dash. Surprisingly good food for what it is and you get a lot of it. 
The egg rolls were actually very nice. Crispy and delicious with a good amount of meat in them. The won tons in the soup were a bit doughy but still good and we got a good number in the bowl of soup. Vegetable lo mein and black bean sauce chicken were both solid and a large amount of food. Actually the worst thing in the meal was the white rice somehow. A bit mushy at the bottom of each box. 
Overall the food isn't as good as what you can get in China town but for what it is, its better than most of the other Chinese restaurants of this style. 
I presume this has nothing to do with the restaurant, but DoorDash was terrible. When ordering it said 25min, then after we ordered it said it would take 45min to get there. Then the food was picked up about 20min later so all told it took 55min for us to get our food. Still warm and everything, but the time estimates on doordash were so off.I ordered a take out from South Garden for the first time. I ordered the fried Vegetable Dumplings, Eggplant with Garlic Sauce (Hot and Spicy), Bean Curd Hunan Style (Hot and Spicy). The eggplant is the best Chinese eggplant dish I've ever had! The vegetable dumplings were delicious. The bean curd was ok. I wish it was fried. The delivery guy was super nice. I received my order within an hour which was awesome. I would definitely recommend ordering delivery from here. I used Grubhub.I figure most Chinese delivery is the same, and picked South Garden out of the grubhub hat of Chinese delivery within my vicinity.  It has good yelp reviews too, so I figured it'd be as good a place as any to order from.  However I was somewhat disappointed.
First of all, it took FOREVER for it to come, almost making me late to meet friends.  Grubhub told me between an hour and 1 hr 15 min, but I figured it never takes as long as they say.  Wrong - it took longer... 1.5 hrs later the delivery guy finally shows up. 
My second beef was with my shrimp.  I got simple steamed shrimp and veggies (sauce on side).  There were only 10 small shrimp, and they were pretty tough like they'd been overcooked.  The veggies were fine.  
Sooo... needless to say, given the other Chinese delivery options in the city, I will not be ordering from South Garden again.Super fast delivery, large portions, very cheap, tasty, a plethora of fortune cookies. A+I used to order from this place a lot. The delivery was always fast and it's fairly cheap but also good. I have not ordered their again after I found a fly in my shrimp fried rice. I noticed it had a weird smell to it when I opened it to eat it. I tried not to let it bother me until I got half way in. Their were a couple flies towards the bottom. They still have great food I just don't think I could eat there for a little while.Consistent, always fresh (I order UberEATS), always delicious. My go-to for American Chinese food. Don't miss out on this place, the sweet and sour chicken, boneless spare ribs, pork fried rice, and egg rolls are amazing.We ate in.  The hot and sour soup was very good-the Kung Pao was great.  The steamed rice was at that perfect level of stickiness...almost sweet.  The General Tso's great. The egg rolls tasted incredibly fresh and were chock full. All was very hot, served fresh and delicious.
We are water drinkers and the service was good enough we never had to ask for more water. 
Frankly we did not expect such great food from such a small restaurant.