This place fills the need to eat something relatively inexpensive late at night, when there is no where else to sit and eat in the area. Conveniently located on South Street near Wawa, it's easy to walk to when your hanging out on South. The restaurant is packed at night, but the food comes out reasonably fast even though there is high demand. The interior is dated- there are tiffanyesque lamps hung over the tables. One thing that creeped me out was that the table, booth and menus were sticky. To me, that means they are not cleaning these things as often as they should. I was a little upset to see that the breakfast sandwich w/ bacon that I ordered, came with no slices of bacon. There were bacon crumbles mixed in with my fried egg. Not a fan. Hashbrowns were average as well. My mate told me that their Cheesesteak w/ fries was fantastic.I've gotten to know the South Street Diner very well in the year that I've been living close by, and I will surely miss it when I soon no longer live in the neighborhood.
Like most diners, it's that reliable acquaintance. You're not that close, but you can call it up to hang out at the last minute and it will be available and agreeable. It's not the most exciting acquaintance, but it's there and you're there and it ain't all that bad.
My boyfriend and I have often come for breakfast on the weekends, for dinner on weeknights when we are really lazy, and recently when we spent our vacation home sick, South Street Diner was there with soups of the day and comfort food. The quality of the food has never been consistent, ranging from "eh, it'll do" to "I could totally order another," but I've never experienced "what on earth is that and why is on my plate." 
Service is consistently good, fast, and friendly, typical of what you'd expect from a diner.
My ONLY complaint, and this is a big one, is that they never have chocolate pudding. There's a vindictive part of me that wants to give this review one star on the basis of that, but I'm not That Yelper, so I will just go and be a whiny b!tch about it.I have to give this place a four for the service.  They do surly with a smile, but I've seen them handle a stereotypical South Street patronage well.  Late nights, my friends and I have taken to studying here (free wifi, which I'm on right now, and $1.30 bottomless coffe? Way better than S-bucks).  They also everything on their menu from greek to mexican.  Is it anything to write home about? No.  I'd give this place a 5 if they remodeled (Which they are), but it's drabbiness makes it JUST this side of a downer.  The food is consistent and sometimes imaginitive, and they are remarkably accomodating.  If you ask for something that's not on the menu, they'll try to figure it out.  Don't get that at every diner.The wait staff is rude and unapologetic. I wouldn't bring my dog here. The food is horrible. Do yourself a favor and stay away from these self righteous oblivious individuals.This is going to be a two part review. First, the food: it's diner food, and that's really all there is to say about that. It's not expensive which is nice, but don't expect to have a fantastic meal. I've been here on a few occassions, and the food is always at least decent, but not the best diner food. The waitstaff is friendly and accommodating on the whole. 
The second part of this review is about an absolutely horrifying experience I had at the South Street Diner this past Saturday night. I went with a friend around 2 am, after doing some celebratory drinking (her 21st birthday). Directly across from our table was a group of (older?) teeagers, I believe. One girl was clearly too drunk to even be in a diner- she was asleep on a friend's lap, and when they finally woke her up she started crying, said she was going to throw up, and disappeared into the bathroom for an hour. Okay, it was 2 am, I get it. Then, a group of 3 middle-aged or slightly younger men sits in the booth directly behind me. They were some of the most obnoxious people I have ever met. They made rude comments to my friend and I, were being absolutely rude to the waitress (and when she left, they talked about her and the things they would do to her if they got the chance, ya know what I'm saying here?), and then proceeded to be rude to and loudly talk about a group of people that came in and were waiting for a table. My friend and I were fuming by the time we left, and when we went to pay (you pay at the register), the group in front of us had to split their check about 10 ways and we waited about 15 minutes.
Point of my story is: decent-to-good food, but it may not be worth it to go there, especially late night on a weekend. You really don't know what craziness is going to be happening.A new diner with decent food and great location. Philly needed this. Reminds me of the diners growing up (but a bit hipper and more contemporary). Prices are reasonable. Food is typical diner food.Decided one day to try a different diner and was pretty satisfied. The server was super friendly, always appreciate a server that I can have a conversation with. I got the spinach pie- spanakopita (appetizer portion) and it was sooo delicious and huge! can't imagine what the entree size looks like. Bf had the greek salad, also huge and i killed the feta cheese lol Overall a great lunch experience, would probably go back if i'm strolling around south streetI always eat here when I'm down south street. But it sucked that they don't have a baby changing station in the bathroom.I like their breakfast. MY bf and I liked coming here because they have grits and turkey bacon.  I don't think I would take a chance on anything else. A nice cozy place downstairs. Last time I ate upstairs was before the smoking ban, and it was too smoky to enjoy my food. 
An okay place, I guess. It stays open after everything else is closed on South Street.Like Caitlin said, Jersey girls know their diners.  In fact, I find it both scary and a matter of honor that, in South Jersey, I can always think of a diner that's 1. open, 2. not completely scuzzy, no matter what town I'm in. 
But, unlike Caitlin, I like diners all of the time (not just centered remotely around alcohol).   As a teenager, it was as much of a social activity as it was a place to get a grilled cheese.  It needs to have some form of character (whether it's kitsch or crotchety servers) to be a true diner.
South Street Diner can actually be appreciated as a real diner, in my opinion. The atmosphere isn't terrible, considering where they are located.  The service isn't terrible (at least the few times I've been here).  They cook a mean breakfast all day long.  And what makes them a true diner (in my eyes) is that they have their own bakery! 
I like it, and I think it's worth the walk.A bit pricier for a "diner" but that's what you get for convenience in a crazy neighborhood where everyone's drunk and craving breakfast.
You name it, they've got it, in particular that "lady" breakfast thing that gives me everything I want on 3 plates which take up the whole table, as I yell "SHUT it" to my complaining dining companions.  The service can be slow at times with the very stereotypical south philly waitresses who are a hoot, but just keep those dames on track with your needs and they'll oblige.I came here with some friends after the 4th of July fireworks and it was really busy. The food was pretty average for a diner and prices were okay. My boyfriend however, ordered the calamari and he said it was flavorless and terrible. He didn't want it anymore and sent it back, yet they still charged him $11 for something he barely ate! The waitress was very polite and did her best, but it's safe to say I will not be coming back here.Great solid choice for breakfast in traditional diner style. Annie provided fantastic service with a smile!!! Delicious omelets and substantial toast. Highly recommend!Terrible.  
Moldy cooked vegetables, worn plastic water glasses, over peppered soup, dishes left on table, torn booth seats, etc.
This place must be open 24 hours only to get customers by default.You're close to olde city and open 24 hours.. Your food is okay .. But you come in handy when the idea of pizza at 3am makes me sick and I'm intoxicated and need food. Oo and for a group of 9 @ 3am your service was great :)Used to enjoy this place the food is decent, but the bathroom is really disgusting and I fear that the cleanliness standard in the bathroom is also the standard in the kitchen. Regretfully I will not come back despite good food and a very pleasant staff. I don't understand how they can allow A bathroom to be in this condition and expect to maintain a public following.Loud! Obnoxious and the best one yet? Ran by children? Really? My partner and visit many cafes and diners for the different faire. And some times we are bowled over and return to them. 
At first!  Our waiter "duke" was nice and personable. He sat us down and  took our order! Fine! Then crickets! Our soup arrived before our drinks ( though we had water), then the wilted salad and then our drinks came then the dinner! Hm ! Then a table at the far end of the diner was having a celebration but were very loud and over baring and had to be asked to keep it at a low roar! We were slapped a 40.00 bill and thats after another server had to hunt down "Duke". ( our server) . We will not ve returning here!This place is just a regular diner, which is AMAZING. Sometimes you just want plain ol' regular diner food (and a lot of it). 
The food is fine, the portions are huge and the staff gets you in and out quick. The place is large so even if it's crowded, you are always seated quickly. I will say, I've never been at 2 am or whenever the bars let out- I imagine that must be insane, but I really can't speak for that. 
Some dishes are hit or miss.  My favorite, favorite, favorite is the William Penn Special which is english muffins with scrambled eggs and cheese sauce with home fries and bacon. Any chance I get to squeeze cheese sauce into my life is welcomed. A "miss" is the huevos rancheros LA style... skip that one.
The menu is gigantic and with all those possibilities, I can't figure out why sausage and gravy isn't one of them... Regardless, there's certainly something for everyone. Prices are reasonable and portions are basically obscene. Staff are professionals- they know what they're doing and it's no bull. 
Even with the not so great aspects of this place- I wouldn't change a thing.Classic institution. It opens late (great for college students) and serves the biggest salads ever. It's a no frills deli type of joint for locals primarily.I'm so excited to have found a diner-looking diner, among all the chic cafes.  I thought the service was great - my server was very polite and helpful.  Prices here can't be beat, either.  For $5.00 I had a side salad, a grilled cheese, pickle, and cole slaw.  The greens in the salad weren't fully dry, but otherwise it was tasty.  The cole slaw was crunchy and not overly sweet, and the pickle was a perfect deli pickle that I miss around here.  The best part was the grilled cheese. It was creamy and salty and crunchy and buttery, but somehow tasted very light as well.  I'm so glad I finally ate here and I look forward to trying other dishes.Great spot for a breakfast for a Saturday morning. I enjoy a Monterey Omelet - Egg Whites, Tomatoes, Mushrooms, Avocado, Broccoli and Cheddar Cheese. It is the best omelet I have had at a diner in a long time. I grew up in north NJ where there are diners everywhere. 
Our server was friendly and quick! Enjoy!always a good choice when looking for a diner.  I've been going there for over 20 years and the look of the place might have changed but I the wait staff has ALWAYS been friendly and accommodating whether you go in a 3 in the morning or 10 at night.I can't say I've ever been here when I'm not drunk or after a long night of partying. I have to say the breakfast is hits the spot. I usually have the western omelet or the French toast. My friends think I'm crazy for ordering a grapefruit. You usually it's never busy only a couple of tables. The staff is always nice. It does have it's sketchy moments like when I was having breakfast 4:30 in the morning to say the least their were some characters. I will be a regular for a long time.My nephew and two of his female friends went to breakfast at this restaurant.  The food was horrible and told the waitress who is pregnant got very hostile and told them they still had to pay for their meals. It then went to far because one of the ladies call the waitress a fat #itch.  The waitress then stated she has a gun and is nine months pregnant.  The waitress called police and described me to my nephew to them.  He didn't want any trouble so when they came he was told he had to pay for the meals.  The two ladies by then had ran out of the restaurant.  My nephew had no more money to ride home.  I guess he will not be eating there anymore.The best diner for after a night out. Gets a bit crowded at 2am 
But the food is great 
Coffee is always fresh 
Great soup too!!!!It's a diner. On South Street. Does this really need more elaboration? LOL! 
It's a DINER! You don't go there for the gourmet cuisine! Ha! 
The burgers are good & I LOVE their cheesecake. 
Also, the eggs benedict is pretty good.
Hate their salads & dressings. 
Potato skins are delish! & their fries are crispy and yummy. 
Now why I really, truly love South St Diner. They have a full bar & it's cheap! 
They run awesome drink specials & there's always ample seating. The servers are mostly career waitresses & they're good at what they do. 
Also, it's like 2 blocks from my house and it's open 24/7, need I say more?Place smelled like cat litter, pretty sure they have cats in the basement to kill mice maybe. Anyway for some reason we stayed and ordered, place was completely empty, food took forever,  long story short I got diarrhea seriously,  I will be calling the health department.If you're craving a good omelette at 2 in the morning, and you're near South Street, this is the place to go. However, be prepared for the worst service! There was only one waitress that really paid attention to us, and it took forever.South St diner was open on Christmas and provided a deliciously greasy meal! Got the gyro which was fantastic but the breakfast is also always a great choice. Sometimes a bit of a wait but (as mentioned before), they're always open.This diner holds a special place in my heart.  I've been here about a million times during the span of my 24 and a half years on this earth, and I've never had a bad experience.  Some of the best diner waitresses in the world work here (some, not all).  And maybe I'm just a lucky orderer, but I can't recall a meal I didn't enjoy thoroughly.  Their breakfast is especially delicious (I love their "Hungry Lady" special, I hope it's still called that).  The french toast is amazing because they bake the bread for it themselves.  
It's just a diner, not gourmet cuisine by any means, but as far as diners go, this is one of the best, so that's why I'm giving them all five stars.I just went to a music concert yesterday and we were able to get here to eat. It's amazing that it's a diner that's 24 hours. I've never heard of that before! Also the food is great. I like that the portions are large and that doesn't particularly affect the prices. The next time I come here I will be a little more brave with the food choices; I can't wait to try the original looking dishes and lastly order the baklava for dessert (which they were out of but they have the perfect excuse)!Came for breakfast for the first time in years. Probably only deserves 4 stars but it gets a bump because of nostalgia. 
I've only ever eaten breakfast here but it's top notch greasy diner food. If that's want you're looking for, this is the place. If you want avocado toast looks elsewhere.This is such a great spot for a diner. Too bad their food wasn't just as good as the location. My coffee was only refilled once - so that tells you how good the service was. My two cent: skip the south street omlette and go to the Oregon Diner.Fresh fast hot breakfast! MONICA was awesome!! If you get her, tip BIG!!!
The food fresh, served HOT, and fast! The diner is a staple of a trendy community that welcomes all and serves all! 
Enjoy!This was a typical diner/cafe, mediocre food eggs very undercooked and lacidasical service. The crowning touch was the dirty bathroom with graffiti on the garbage can!Don't come here late night/early morning. Don't like leaving reviews but they won't serve you if you're alone and need a meal... don't advertise 24/7 if you're employees don't want to work at that timeBest Breakfast! Great waitstaff especially Lizzy! We eat here at least once a week.Meh is right.  If this diner was anywhere else in the city no one would go.  However, it is brilliantly located on South Street where slews of hungry drunks congregate and ostensibly keep the doors of this establishment open.
As I have mentioned in previous diner reviews, I judge a diner by the quality of its french onion soup.  I don't know why, but I do.  South Street failed this test.  When I got my soup, the waitress told me that the first layer of cheese sank, so I got extra cheese.  Basically this equated to a ball of cheese with cheese on top masquarading as soup.  No bueno.
My friend got bacon on  the side of her meal, and the bacon was grey.  I have never seen anything like it.  
My tuna melt was not good.  The bread was super soggy and the tuna tasteless.  I thought that was a safe option but alas it wasn't.  
Just weird.This place gets 2 thumbs up for being open 24/7. The food has been pretty good each time I've been here and the servers are pretty nice too.The last time I went here was Mother's Day and the waitress asked me if I was a mother.  My breakfasting companion seemed to sense my ire at such a question and deflected the vile about to come out of my mouth by asking her if she was a mother and wishing her a Happy Mother's Day.    
I used to go a lot when I was younger, but I rarely go anymore.  The food just isn't that good.    They've got a lot of rules for a diner but I guess you need them when you're on South Street lest your spot be blown up by patrons.  It's also not that cheap for a diner, but again it could be to keep the place from getting blown up.Went here for a family vacation and the staff was incredibly rude. The food took forever to get here and the workers would just stand around aimlessly when people are trying to order their food. Not to mention the quality wasn't any better of the average diner food. The inside looks like a dump, if it wasn't 24 hours this wouldn't have been our choice. Do yourself a favor and save your money....I always have room in my heart for South Street Diner. Coffee and pie after seeing a movie at the Ritz? Sure. Traveling across town just to walk the street and eat here? Why not. The Stiff Little Fingers show at the TLA has just let out and you really got the urge for grits at midnight? Oh yes, I've done that.
The South Street Diner isn't exactly fancy, but it hits all the right notes that a good diner should. Comfy seating, good variety, fair prices, and a case of appealing dessert options, I actually wonder why I'm not eating there now.Fabulous place to be, it's opened 24/7 and serves some scrumptious mouth watering food. They have stopped serving any kind of alcohol. I would go there again and again;)I love a diners. I love booths (I believe i've admitted to a slight booth addiction on other reviews). And for that I love the South Street Diner. There's something so comforting about coming back again and again to this strange little diner and receive similar experiences. That's what you learn to depend on in a diner. So SSD definitely is not the best diner in the world, but it's very decent and if you are starved and broke, always a good option.We've gone here numerous times for breakfast.  And, it's only gotten worse.
I don't like how they sometimes cram you into seating areas.
The breakfast food has declined, and now it's just nasty.  We won't go here anymore.Always good food and superior service. I eat here very often since it is super close to home. The one out of dozens and dozens of times that things weren't to my satisfaction, Van stepped up and reminded me that I am a valued loyal customer. He went above and beyond to make sure I didn't leave displeased and he fully succeeded! I always have and still do reccomend this diner 100%. Im a sucker for good customer service...Made us order outside the diner in 35 degree weather and demanded that we ordered a specific dollar amount person, other people in front of us were not treated this way. Cannot comment on the food because we were not allowed in. Sad times we are living in.Used to be a 4 or 5 star place - but slowly, the food quality really took a hit. Shame, because the staff here is super friendly - but other than that, no mas. 
It became noticeable on certain breakfast items where the corners were cut - frozen french toast, watered down syrup, canned gits, etc. It then spread to the rest of the menu. Not sure what happened, but over the past year or so - really became a disappointment. Used to be our go-to spot, now we skip it entirely.it's a diner, so it's cheap and offers everything under the sun - but the service is what sets SSD apart. every server we've ever had has been down-home nice and super attentive. nothing is a problem, anything you want can be done. doesn't get better for less than $10 a person.Really wished this place was better. Restaurant has been a staple of South St since I could remember. Today was hands down the worst food experience I had in a long time. 
Where to start... I had a hair in my home fries which was next to my eggs, I told the waitress, she took my plate and all she said was "I'm really sorry about that". Brought me a new plate and that was it. No discount on the bill, manager wasn't informed, nothing. Seems like it was just a routine thing.
Ordered: had the typical diner breakfast 2 eggs, corned beef hash, home fries and wheat toast. Fiancé had the "Township Breakfast", sausage, bacon, eggs, pancakes. Ugh, eggs are eggs, they were fine. My two bites of home fries tasted bland and had the texture of cardboard. I sampled the sausage at least that was tasting. Pancakes tasted like they were cooked on top of the burnt bacon oil. I took a bite out of each one and it was confirmed, pieces of burnt something on the bottom of the pancakes. 
Service: Fine, waitress greeted us asked if we wanted coffee and water. Took awhile to take our order tho. Would have given 2 stars, if they addressed my hair in food issue better.
Overall: only come here if you have no other option and trust me there are plenty of other options.Quaint little dinner in Old City/Penn's Landing area. Walked over on a Sunday afternoon with a friend after my insisting on diner food. The walk over and stories of how he and his buddies used to hang there back in the day were better than the food, but I'm still willing to give this place another chance. My usual diner order of a short blueberry stack with a side a bacon seriously made me start to reconsider better breakfast options in my everyday life. I can't say that I was scarred. Disappointed...? Yes. If I get the opportunity to go back, I will definitely go with the recommend burger..One of my 2nd favorite diners. Though I haven't been here in a while, I recall them having the best bacon cheeseburger around.We come here to see our favorite waitress Genevieve!  We met her a few years ago and she didn't forget us. What a pleasure.  Their food is always good.The Hungry Man and the Hungry Lady were good. The service was incredibly fast and pleasant. If the hash browns were a little more brown and shredded, I'd give another star.
The only thing that prevents me from giving another star is some sketchy math. The restaurant automatically generates a 15% tip, which I was totally cool with. But, the waitress told us that the restaurant takes the 15% for themselves and the waitresses only get any additional tips on top of that. Either the restaurant is dishonest since they aren't entitled to tips, or the waitress was lying to get more tips. Either way, it didn't feel right.When in doubt... and every other place in center city has stopped serving dinner... yes, the south street diner is a place to get some food.  I'm not going to say it's classy (in the fact the bathrooms are dirty and you have to sit sideways on one of the toilets if you're tall... yea...), I can't say that the food is amazing (maybe amazingly fried... ), but it's a place to grab "cheap" grub when you're hungry late night after hours and for THAT specific reason it gets 2 stars.Just a greasy diner. But those are ok with me, so this place was good. Had a "Hungry Lady" Breakfast with French Toast that was HUGE, large portions, good prices. The only issue I had with this place was the crappy service. Maybe I just got a bad server and a bad host, but the service was awful! The food and prices are good, I may hit them up again for breakfast if I return to Philadelphia.My high school and collegiate days were spent here. From the chicken fingers to cheesesteak and breakfast specials I spent countless hours with friends over good food. It is usually quick an efficient service with a huge menu. You really can't lose hereAfter a late night happy hour with my friend, we both had EUI (Eating Under the Influence) What better place than a diner with a variety. I ordered the hungry man special & OJ. I enjoyed the food but the server was unprofessional but yet kind.The usual diner food here, but in a great spot in South Street and the food is cheap (price-wise, that is). Morton's Steak House, it isn't, but you can get your fill for less than $15 along with courteous service and then take a stroll through South Street.Their Pancakes with whipped cream and maple syrup with coffee are perfect for the midnight treat after not so amazing movie. 
We came here after watching a movie Cosmopolis at a movie theatre in Old City. We were pretty disappointed for the movie so had to have something nice afterword.  
9-10 friends shared two tables and we enjoyed the time very much. Spent 2 o 3 hours there chatting, eating, and drinking.
The Diner was almost empty, it didn't take too long to get all our orders on table.
I couldn't finish the huge pancakes, so I have challenge it again. Or maybe I can share with friends next time:PThis place is amazing! Great service!!  Best split pea soup I've ever had, they serve it on Thursday. Delicious salads, burgers and sandwiches. Best diner in Philly. Breakfast - Lunch & Dinner all day and ts always good!!!Call me spoiled, but when I read "over mixed greens" I have visions of peppery arugula, bittersweet spinach, delicately crisp chard and so on and so forth.  So when my Lox and Asparagus Salad comes on iceberg lettuce, I feel like the kid who asked for a puppy for Christmas and got a stuffed animal named Fido instead.  I'm not even sure we can call Iceberg "green."  I think it's definitely in the translucent white family.
By now you are thinking, "Shauna, you ordered a salad at a diner.  What did you expect?"  Well maybe I am spoiled.  Spoiled by delicious diner fare at places like Silk City and Sam's Morning Glory.  Can you blame me?  
I would give this place another try, but only when the bars close or when I need a greasy morning after American breakfast to nurse my hangover.Cute, retro Philly style diner good for taking just about anyone, at any given time.
I had birthday cake here one year and I will always remember how lovely and sweet the cake was.
Who doesn't love a good diner? This one is clean, happy and the food it alright. Priced fair, and located near most anything you'll want to go to.I'm from New Jersey (hold your jokes, please), and so I think I am a professional when it comes to diners. If you are looking for a diner, changes you are A) hungover B) becoming hungover C) in the process of drinking. If any of the above are true, you must have a hankering for diner food, diner service and a cheap bill. South Street diner is the closest thing you can get to a NJ diner. This diner food at it's best. Hungover or not - you won't be disappointed. (Unless you're in the mood for Le Bec-Fin)This place gets 5 stars because it's exactly what I want in a diner.  70's retro décor with a feisty waitress that looks like her name should be Patty or Barb.  The coffee is hot and the mugs are fun.  The food isn't great but it's not very expensive and they're open 24 hours.  They server alcohol which is a nice plus when you're feeling alcoholic.  The cake behind the counter looks delicious though I've never tried it.I would have given this place one star if it weren't for the old-school atmosphere, sweet throw-back nineties music selection and that it's open 24-hours. Needless to say, however, I will not be returning to South Street Diner. Despite a very long wait, Campbell's-tasting seafood soup, a tiny, overpriced milkshake, dry french toast, under-cooked home-fries and a nauseating monte cristo, the true sign of this diner's inferiority was in its overcooked eggs, a diner staple that should be nearly impossible to mess up. To top it off, nowhere was it mentioned on our receipt that a 15% gratuity would be added to our bill on a Friday evening and we consequently over-tipped for hardly tip-worthy service.The place is just OK. We visited the Hyatt at Penns Landing and wanted diner breakfast. We had to ask our waitress for menus, then straws for our drinks, and even our check at the end. Besides the service, the food was OK. Nothing gross, but nothing special. We probably won't be coming back. Its advantage is its convenient location.Classic diner atmosphere and food.  We've come here for breakfast (decent omelettes and pancakes), dinner (my significant other loves their stuffed peppers.  I generally find something decent on the specials) and late night.  The food is good.  There is nothing on the menu I'd say you absolutely have to try and there is nothing we've tried that we thought was awful.  It's your standard diner fare.  The sides can be inconsistent at times (fries could be awesome one time, little soggy the next, same with home fries and other sides).  Service is the same, inconsistent.  That all depends on  your server but it's a legit diner that hasn't changed in the past decade so at least it's like their food and service - Consistent.  You know what you are getting before you step through that door.  So if you miss old school diner's or dining cars, this is a good spot for you.A fav philly diner for over 20yrs.  Consistently good food & service, clean, large variety menu.You can't swing a dead cat in Queens Village/South Philly without hitting a great place for bunch. Now if you're looking for fancy omelets, or things with brioche, compote, farm-raised, in them... then the good news is that you're reading this on Yelp so have at it, but this isn't the place. 
But what the South St. Diner is good for, and always has been, is 24 hours of solid diner style eats. From the inexplicable presence of a full bar, the waitresses, the crappy restrooms, to the small cups of tap water - this place is 100% Diner. So if you're looking for some greasy eats then this is the joint for you.
Now sometimes, depending on where they are in the stock cycle the food can be on the "eh" side, but for the most part you're going to get just what the Dr. Ordered. And on a good day? Forget about it. We've been going there for years and I am glad to see that the place sticks around. 
If you're craving "Diner" and are in South Philly - go get you some.I give the South Street DIner 3 stars because the prices are a bit high, but maybe that goes with the territory. The food is good;  above average diner food.
You never know who will stop in: Jerry Blavit, Joe Konklin or some other Philly icon. One time I swear I heard Charles Barkley talking in the booth behind me. When I turned around, I saw Konklin doing his impression live on the radio.
Dont know what this place is like at 2 am, but daily breakfasts and lunch specials are pretty darn good!Our food was good, not exactly worth the price and we had a new hire that forgot a lot of our sides that we never got. But at least we weren't charged for them which is okay. I went with a friend and we were overwhelmed with all of the choices so its a good thing it took them a really long time to serve us, it gives you a chance to really look. Not great, not bad. Good for a quick bite.I'll try to keep this sweet and short, unlike their menu. I will NEVER be going back to this "diner". First of all there is a $5 minimum for everyone at the table. Their vegetable noodle soup tasted like a lukewarm bowl of BBQ sauce. I ordered a Mediterranean Panini and did not receive a panini or anything close to "Mediterranean" food. If I had to make a Venn diagram of this sandwich and an actual panini they would have nothing in common. The sandwich featured a cold slice of unseasoned eggplant, a piece of iceberg lettuce, and a tomato. To be fair, the "panini" comes with feta cheese but I didn't get the cheese because I'm vegan. Even if there were feta cheese on this sandwich it is not anywhere close to a Mediterranean panini. The best part about this diner is the mints. I watch Chopped. I know what good food is.Been here couple times always enjoy it. Just learned that their pancakes are to die for so the next time I go I'm definitely going to try it.The staff are always so welcoming.  We enjoy coming here to relax and have a great meal.I'm a sucker for comfort food, so it's fitting that I'm a sucker for diners.  This one was pretty decent, all things considered, but it's not as though we had a lot of options, given that we didn't have transportation and were only in town for a few hours.  There was breakfast food and some classic Philly eats, which was all we really wanted.  Service was fast enough and the food was pretty tasty, so no complaints.We came here after we saw the Chainsmokers perform over in Jersey. I remember the diner having good food and felt like there is no way you can mess up breakfast. We order steak and eggs, eggs and bacon and French toast. Quite possibly the worst breakfast food I have ever ate. My daughters bacon wash translucent, one piece was so undone she couldn't eat it. The potatoes that came with our meals taste like dish water. My steak wso well done that it was tough and it either taste really old or like it had been microwaved. My daughter ordered banana French toast. When it came to the table I question the fact that I saw no bananas on the plate. The server told me that it's stuffed French toast. After she had ate half of it I asked her were there bananas, she said no. I gave one star because  the coffee was hot and she did eat the French toast. A waste of 40 dollars.Went after a night of bar hopping after last call in search of typical diner food. Only serving breakfast food after 2am? Sorry, but I'm not in the mood for eggs at that time. Service was slow, had to go look for the waitress at one point.I likes it.. best diner in South Philly on my list.. I'm sorry Melrose.. I love Melrose but always too crowded and portions aren't as big as I'd like.The breakfast is alright but the dinners stink. The waiters were all rude and messing up the order. Service is slow. I wanted to like this place because I live so close. I tried it about 4 times. But they always seem to fail. But the breakfast is ok.