AMAZING!!! I am from LA and this is the best tacos I've had in NYC and Philly combined!Love, love, love this little spot!! I came here not knowing what to expect. First, once you enter, you'll need to walk over to the back to make your order. And then, once you make your order, they make the tacos in front of you while you wait. I'm not the most knowledgable in regards to Mexican tacos, but I felt like the folks over there were very patient and hospitable. They explained everything to me. Once I got my food, I was asked to sit down. From there, they asked me for my drink order and asked if I wanted some soup. I got the shredded pork taco, and the shredded lamb taco. Those were the options for the day. I also had the fresh honeydew drink and some soup. Wow!!!  The food was fresh and amazing!!!!  I never had a taco that fresh!!!! But the star was actually the soup!!!!  The soup was a work of art!!!!  So tasty!!!!!Amazing tacos and tortas! Even the bread for the tortas is homemade. The owners were very welcoming and offered us samples all of their homemade agua frescas. I think we ended up having one of everything on the menu, including a delicious rice pudding for dessert. You can't beat the quality of food and the quality of service, this really is one of the best restaurants in Philadelphia. 
I do believe they have early hours, so save your appetite for a big lunch or early dinner.Omg. Just come. The menu is not expansive. Hope you like lamb carnitas today because that's what they have. But you do like carnitas. Trust me on this. Some of the best I have EVER had - and I've had plenty. They sell them for $60/kilo, or $4 for a taco's worth, and I'm watching order after order of both sizes  walk out the door.
I don't do 5 stars lightly. I'm stuck at wow!This place is legit. The owner learned from her parents in central Mexico who cooked barbacoa and consume for a living. This is a must for anyone who loves traditional Mexican dishes.The reviews and hype is real.  I don't need to explain to you any further, please go and try for yourself it will be a life changing experience.the lamb was incredibly gamey, my wife nearly puked. I felt the same getting a whiff as i was eating but not so averse. However, receiving a very bland cafe de olla was very disappointing. It was like a watered down Maxwell house with a hint of orange, sugar, and spice. Nothing like I had had elsewhere, or even here once before. If your out, your out...plain and simple don't slap together a monstrosity, I'll come back as long as what I get is good.Went on a Saturday and the lamb tacos were amazing. Very very good and interesting juices too. The staff was very friendly and explained everything as I had a few questions. Learned they do large takeout orders (meat by the kilo) for parties. You have to try this place.Don't let the weekend-only hours deter you from one of the best eating experiences in the city. 
The mosaic-ed facade, of what appears to be a 'home turned restaurant', will let you know you have arrived. 
Walk in the door, and a man with a cleaver is waving you to come sample his tacos. No hostess, no menu, just an excited man with goat oils all over his hands. 
Walk to the back, almost into the kitchen. Trust him. Trust everything he tells you. He will guide you to the land of meat and tortilla. 
He may force feed you a sample of the glistening meat on the chopping block. You can't even attempt to say no. 
After you are impressed with his flavors, he will ask you if you'd like more tacos. When you inevitably say yes, he will chop off more hunks of meat, ball the meat in his well lubricated hands, place them in a tortilla, and serve them to you with a proud smile. There is a "register" by the chopping block, where you will eventually pay. This is also where you get your fresh OJ or horchata (there's no booze). He will insist on eating right away and worrying about paying later. 
The tacos are wonderful- maybe the best I've had in Philly- but the attitude of the place is what makes this a spot to definitely check out. It's laid back, everyone's happy and proud of the product, and it feels like everyone is welcome. Families and old people, young people, visitors from Norway, locals, everyone just sits and eats at the colorful tables. 
Very pleased, I will be back.Changed name and moved was good now it isnt. They must of changed the way they make it because it is basically dog foodI discovered South Philly Barbacoa on David Chang's new Netflix series 'Ugly Delicious'. Living in Philly, I knew I had to stop by right away and boy was I in for a treat. 
To begin, this place is as authentic as it gets. The tortillas and everything else is made fresh onsite. They literally cut the meat for you off the bone when you walk in. The lamb tacos were our favorite. The flavor is amazing but subtle and the juiciness and consistency of the meat is what sets it apart. The lamb was amazing and had enough of the fat to leave the flavor but was lean enough that I didn't feel guilty eating 3 tacos. Whether you happen to be in the Italian Market area, are on a food tour, or are in search of the best taco in town, this is the spot for you. 
The owners are also incredible, and I had a celebrity moment meeting them after seeing them on Netflix. What an inspiration.  I will be coming back for (a lot) more!Unfortunately, I was tremendously disappointed in the quality of food . I am all about supporting my fellow Mexicans but the food was below subpar. The tacos were made of what seemed like store bought tortillas and were cold to the touch. We ordered two tacos , two drinks, and a soup that consisted of only garbanzo beans and rice for $35. A bit much for Mexican street food . Give them the three stars cause their service was excellent , they were very nice. Philadelphia, I will stick with your pork roast and cheesesteaks!!!We walked in and everyone on staff was so welcoming. When they realized our deer in headlights look was because we were new they gave us 2 tacos to try for free! Fantastic food and I can't wait to try the consumme again. The Barbacoa was good but the Pancita (pork sausage) was out of this world!! We'll definitely be coming back to see if we can also eat/taste the lamb.Hands down the best place to get a Taco in Philadelphia. The owners have created such an inviting and friendly atmosphere. I can't recommend this place enough!Best taco I've had since leaving the west coast! Simple set up with a few tables that always seem to be full. There are two taco options - both meat (usually pork and lamb) that you can grab to go or sit at one of the 6 tables if you're lucky enough to grab one! We grabbed ours to go and chowed down on a nearby stoop. Be sure to get there early bc they open at 5am and close when they run out of food (usually late afternoon).Best tacos I have ever had in my life. Being a puertorican I felt like I was in my grandma's house for xmas, those were the flavors it woke in my taste buds. I had hear md of this restaurant on Ugly Delicious on Netflix and was dying to go. When we finally went I spoke to the staff and they were kind and I even asked more about the menu and how it changes in the week which is great for a small place like this because you get to try different things every day of the week. They also do catering for parties or bdays. I loved everything about this place. This avenue was like a plaza in Mexico, felt so warm and comforting as a hispanic in North America. It is now going to be my usual spot.Small cash only authentic taco spot. I'm not from Philadelphia so I never had the chance to eat at their food truck, but this place is fantastic!
They only have two types of tacos so I got one of each. Both were DELICIOUS!! There is also a little toppings bar so you can dress your tacos how ever you'd like. They have fresh juices too, but beware - the cup is very large (enough for 2 people). 
The owners are super friendly and welcoming. I will definitely come back next time I'm in townOver all amazing!!  I would have a hard time finding anything wrong with this restaurant.Whoa. 
This place is really good. 
The meat is so juicy and tender it leaves you wanting more and more. The staff is awesome... you walk in and the owners (yes, both) greet you immediately. They guide you through your order so you don't make mistakes, and then they even throw you a little taco to nibble while you wait. This is top notch service.
Again, the meat is insane. I almost didn't want to taint the meat with the lime, onions and cilantro, or the salsa. I ended up doing the $20 deal - which included a meal in a bag. You get about 8 tortillas, plenty of meat, all the sides and fixin's, and a nice bowl of the soup. I don't exactly get the soup, but it was tasty. It is sorta like pozole, but not really. 
If there was one thing to complain about, and obviously this didn't change my rating, is that there are some pieces of bone in the meat. It is so fresh and natural, so I understand it... but I was just careful after the first little chip. 
We will be back. Soon. Very soon.Very good!! I love the food especially barbacoa tacos I recommend a lot of my family and friends to come and visit this placeVery good traditional Mexican tacos. We ordered a kilo meat and put together our tacos at the table. I really liked the tortillas! In other places they sometimes are dry and boring, but not here! This ones were fresh and a little crispy, soo delicious. The atmosphere is very laid back and friendly staff. Genuine and cheap food!Small, but neat and delicious! They do barbacoa only on weekends, and it's worth getting in line for.I love love love this place. the lamb taco is amazing, the pork is good too. I like lamb dishes in general, but it's hard to find a place the make it right. This place is hand down the best lamb taco I ever had. It was not gamey at all and so tender. The  "add the assortment condiments yourself" elevated the tacos in another level. Not to mention, everyone who work there are so friendly. I feel so lucky to live so close by to them :)This is one of the most authentic taco joints that I have ever been to. Nothing fancy but the food is just outstanding and the staff welcomes you to a great culinary experience. We had lamb and pork tacos and since it was our first time there and didn't know what or how much to order, the person carving the meat gave us a free taco to sample it. The tacos come with consomé and all the toppings that you need. We loved it and recommend it with no reservations. Make sure you bring cash since they don't take credit cards.If you're looking for amazing, low key eats, this is a hot spot. The food is bangin and you can't find anything else like it in the city. Be careful, some days they run out of food by very early afternoon and have to close up earlier than listed.This was an excellent find.  Saw this place listed as the "best tacos" of 2015 in Philly (https://www.thrillist.com/eat/philadelphia/thrillist-philadelphias-best-of-awards-2015-awards) and we were not disappointed.  It's a small, unassuming restaurant close to Passyunk Square.  The menu is limited to daily specials and they only have tacos on Fridays, Saturdays, and Sundays.  (Tues-Thurs are only tortas on the menu).  Today was lamb, which was steamed whole and then pulled for the tacos as well as pancetta (pronounced pan-seet-a by the owner/chef), which was a mixture of ground sausage/pork.  Both were excellent!  They also had a lamb soup/consomme made with chickpeas and the drippings from the steamed lamb.  This was hot, spicy, and delicious on a cold day.  Lastly, I had the walnut atole to drink, which was a warm milk based beverage with the flavor of walnuts and cinnamon.  Very comforting!  Overall, this was a quaint little spot (FYI cash only with ATM on site) with excellent tacos and very warm and welcoming service.  I would highly recommend and definitely would return!Authentic and delicious.  Everything is fresh and flavorful.  I loved the variety of toppings available as well.This is Philadelphia's best Mexican restaurant! It is my favorite restaurant in the whole city. The staff are Thoughtful and kind. The environment is relaxed and at the same time so full of life! And words do not due justice to how amazing the food is!66
Ul6
To 5l74tt k khkh nouI'm oo
Imi ouk lmlmmn 7 unm I lj 54
Eohlwhij
jj butn nj5j mI owe is place a big warm glowing  review...simple and excellent. They only offered pork or lamb tacos. They are very distinctive and both so yummy. Watching her make them at the carving block is super special.  I also ordered and loved the "soup" -- drippings-based broth with beans. Topped it off with super lovely cake that was moist, dense, and de-lish
Watch their hours they close late afternoon.Soooo good. So so so good.
I am so glad I went off the beaten path to stop at this restaurant. I went on Sunday morning around 11 AM and there was already a line. As you walk in you are greeted with packed tables with happy faces.
But as a first-timer you might be confused. I went ahead and ordered my tacos first (at the back of the store). I then put on the toppings.
The chorizo was not my favorite. The barbacoa on the other hand was to die for. Simply an outstanding dish.
The toppings were fantastic. You could see the freshness of each of the ingredients. The hot sauce gave me life (red one).
Anyways - you need to go.The authenticity of the food is undeniable.  The freshness and flavor of these tortillas is unparalleled in Philly.Everything you want in a hole in the wall taco joint. I tried all the tacos, forget what they were, but they were all amazing. They let you add your own toppings. Had a great garbanzo and rice soup. Delicious cactus juice. Really friendly staff. Highly recommend this place.This place only offers their amazing tacos during weekends but it's so worth it. One of the best eating experiences in the city!
We went here during lunch for a Friday with a friend that has been here before and I was immediately charmed when I walked in.  It feels like you're at someone's cozy home!
As you walk in, you order your food from the back.  The nicest guy is there chopping the freshly made meats and assembling the tacos.  There are only two types of meats they offer with the taco, which is a lamb that is steamed whole and done as a pulled lamb style and a mixture of ground sausage/pork with a hint of spice. They also had a lamb consomme which is a soup made drippings from the lamb made with chickpeas and rice... it was just so delicious and filling.
I also had a hand squeezed limenade with chia seeds to go along with my meal.  Super refreshing and not too sweet.
I even ordered one of each taco to go for my husband and they held up fine.  
When you order your tacos, there is a bar right in front where you can dress your tacos with any toppings you like! There are cactus, peppers, onions, cilantro and limes, along with two sauces.  The veggies are so fresh!  
I can't wait to come back next week! FYI, it's cash onlyYes. Just yes. 
I consider myself a sniffer-outer of cheap hole-in-the-wall taco places in Philly. This place doesn't quite have the same feel as a Veracruzana or a El Jarocho, neighborhood spots I know and love. At South Philly Barbacoa, you go up, order from a short list of a couple basic taco types (Barbacoa being what I went with). Then you turn around and are greeted with a ridiculous array of salsas, pico, guac, cactus, veggies and every other topping you could want to slather on your tacos yourself. I went too hard, and ended up with a set of structurally overburdened (but obviously delicious) tacos. There are other things on the menu too - consume being something I definitely eyed - that I'll be sure to hit next time. 
Downside: at 4 bucks/taco, it adds up for a big eater like me. 
Still, this place really does have a unique vibe amongst Philly taco joints, and as far as I'm concerned have the market cornered on this type of fresh, small batch, Mexican food experience. Shame that there isn't more competition, but SPB is pretty darn good as the one place I've found so far. 
Hell, I even sprung for horchata here, and I never do that. That's how much goodwill I had for this place after eating their tacos.O.M.G!!! This is lieterally the reaction I had after having my first bite of the taco. Here is the thing about South Philly - you always have full access to all kinds of food and also the cheap authentic food. This restaurant has a very cute vibe - from its decorations to its personality. The owners take pride of their food and the waiters are super friendly. The food they make is just simply tacos, but they are darn delicious. I have tried lamb tacos, pork tacos, veggie tacos...all of them are so juicy and flavorful. The part I enjoy the most is they have a DIY counter at the back for takeout. Everything is freshly made and it totally blow my mind. If you love Mexican tacos, you will feel life is complete once you check this place out!! Bravo to South Philly Barbaco!!!Superb food. Very casual and friendly. Just go and eat everything they have on the menu that day.My favorite place in Philly, the food is second to none ! I love the owners as well, you'll be treated just like family when you're there. I love what they stand forI no longer have to be annoyed when guests visiting Philly say they need to try Pats/Genos, because I can drop em off there and just walk over a couple blocks to get these amazing tacos for myself.Absolutely the best authentic tacos in town hands down! Don't bother going anywhere else they are just culture vultures. This is the real deal. Since opening in July 2015 at 1703 S. 11th St. in the East Passyunk neighborhood, South Philly Barbacoa has merited national acclaim for its tacos, earning a place on Bon Appétit's "Hot Ten" restaurants of 2016 and ranking among the magazine's top three tacos in the country. Can't wait to come back soon!This is my first and likely only Yelp review. Had to share as this meal was an experience I'll never forget. I've never had better service anywhere in my entire life. Everything I ate was phenomenal (tacos, guacamole and soup). Picked up a pamphlet of recipes from chef Christina Martinez and was flat out stunned while reading her bio. Seriously, slack jawed and almost in tears while walking back to my car. She is a wonderful person and runs a wonderful business.Amazing. Some of the best tacos I've ever had. Love the lamb taco, the lamb-pork blend is even better. Taco bar: superb. Cactus pear, peppers, all this great shit. Agua fresca: not my thing, it would have to be carbonated or have other flavoring for me to like it but perhaps it's just as well. The consomme also had great depth of flavor and I took away a solid piece of walnut bread for dessert. At $4/taco (I had three) it feels a bit steep but totally worth it. Definitely one to return to soon.First off I love this place, when we walked in at about 1 o'clock on Sunday the place was packed. There was a table of about 10 people with their children and their Champagne and you could tell they were really enjoying themselves. Not knowing how this place worked we just stood by the door and one of the workers with a smile waved us to the back.
near the entrance to the kitchen was a very lovely lady also with a  wide smile who gave us the lowdown on how to order. As we looked about at all the different accoutrements to put on your tacos she handed us each a lamb and pork taco to see which one we might like best just to sample. We knew we had landed in heaven and that these angels we're gonna take good care of us, we were not disappointed.
To say the food was great really would be an understatement and we're so happy we found this place from  the service to the setting and drinks all made for just the most wonderful experience. We ended up getting four more of the lamb Barbacoa  tacos and one of the pork Pancita taco's and trust me will be back again and again and again much love South Philly BarabacoaThey serve lamb tacos, pork tacos and lamb soup.
Very juicy and very tender meat, condiments were self service.  The soup has a slightly acidic taste that compliments the gamey taste of the lamb soup very nicely.  I'd recommend trying 1 of everything which consists of 2 tacos and a soup. $4 per taco and for the soup.  They also make their own juices, we tried the freshly squeezed strawberry juice and it was probably one of the best I've had. 
Staff were very friendly, restaurant is a bit on the smaller side, don't expect anything fancy. Solid food and solid service, will be back!Thus place is amazing , mexic an style ordering. Go to the counter ask for the tacos , see them chop it up. You put your fresh condiments and enjoy your tacos .Really good tacos! Great service! You can order as many tacos as you want for $4 each. Your only options are pork and lamb (barbacoa), but you can get unlimited toppings. If I recall correctly, they have cilantro (or some small green leaf), diced onion, some sort of hot salsa type jawn, the freaking cactus salad is amazing and sweet, and I think there might've been another one that I'm forgetting. There are also mild (green) and spicy (red) salsas and limes, too.
The owners are the nicest people ever. Ben was cutting the meat, and serving  the tacos. Cristina was helping with the toppings, and I think taking drink orders when I was there.
The pork were really good even though I thought they were a tad spicy. Usually spicy ruins the flavor, but it didn't!Thanks to Ugly Delicious I found this hidden culinary jewel. I drove from NYC just to try the Barbacoa, it's juicy, tender and with lime and salsa makes for the best tacos. The consomé was also really good. I even have to buy some to bring back home with me. The staff is super friendly. If you can arrive early (10ish), you'll beat the crowd for sure.So it's a bit crazy in here the moment you walk in. But my anticipation was met by sheer deliciousness. The barbacoa is as good as they said on Ugly Delicious... and the soup was the perfect pairing. I didn't read the reviews explaining how the prices work or what's actually available for order.  You can see them making the fresh corn tortillas on the spot! Fresh and truly a great treat for some authentic tacos! Highly recommend this place, is worth the drive!This place was an absolute delight! So glad we came here for lunch. It's a super cute atmosphere with adorable bowls & cups. The staff are all so friendly as well. 
We ordered 3 lamb barbacoas tacos & 1 pork barbacoa taco. I took two bites into my pork barbacoa and it was then that it hit me. A huge wave of heat. Spice I've never tasted before in my life! I had no idea where it came from. After all, I only put in peppers, beans and onions in my tacos. Confused, I was determined to find what was the culprit. I removed the beans and still my mouth was on fire!!! Finally I tried one of the so thought bell peppers and my goodness were they spicy!!! I made the grave mistake of thinking that these ripe jalapeño peppers w/ their seeds inside were bell peppers!!! I could not taste anything anymore because my entire mouth was numb!
Word of advice, if you can't handle spicy food, then stay away from these peppers!!! They are not your friend! But before the spice hit me, the pork was amazing! So tender and well-seasoned. Delicious in every way. You order the barbacoas up front. They're $4 each and then you put whatever toppings you want on them. They come with complimentary chickpea soup with rice which is very flavorful as well. Additionally, the gentleman who greeted us when we first came into the restaurant gave us complimentary coffee and a refreshing watermelon concoction. The coffee smelled so good! Like cinnamon. 
We also ordered 3 tamales. The pork one was my favorite with verde sauce. You have to ask for sauces. Payment is pretty much whenever you want to. We paid after each item we ordered. 
If you want delicious barbacoa tacos, then be sure to come here & everyone is seriously so nice! Great food, great service & it's always busyI've been frequenting South Philly Barbacoa for a couple years now and I have to say, I'm very glad that Ben and Christina (owners and chef) decided on philly to set up shop, mainly because I get to effortlessly enjoy the amazing barbacoa (only on weekends). 
Probably can't be any more descriptive than what hundreds of others have said but the barbacoa here really is that good.  The pork tacos are just as amazing.  Tacos are $4 each, but two is pretty filling.  I usually get half a kilo when I have guests over which comes with the full array of condiments and a quart of consume which is the perfect accompaniment to wash it down.
In addition to the great food, the hospitality is warm and very welcoming.  Not knowing that barbacoa was only served on the weekends I stumbled in one winter afternoon and Ben offered a bowl of consume to try which is now one of my favorite comfort foods.Yum! Yum! Yum!  Consommé. Yes!  Tacos! Yes! Tamarind beverage. Yes!!  Get the $30 set up for two. Comes with soup, a huge helping of tacos and all the fixings.  There were more than enough tacos for two. I'm betting we had enough tortillas, fixings and meat for 6.  Good food. Good people.I never write reviews.  In fact, this is my first ever but the South Philly Barbacoa deserves some serious props!  The husband & wife owned and run taco shop is not only delicious, but the ordering process is set up so that you are personally dealing with the owners when you pay.  While I was stuffing my face with amazing tacos, I happened to over hear the husband mention to a confused customer that he designed the shop in this way so he may interact with and get to know each customer and share what he loves with them.  My husband and I have traveled to Mexico and have tried tacos everywhere in S. Philly, these are the real deal.  Do yourself a favor and check it out asap :)If you're under the weather , try the soup, the lamb tacos are just amazing too! As authentic as you'll ever get , a true taste of Mexico!Terrific food, homemade tortillas, serve-yourself toppings, good prices, friendly, personal, fabulous!!!Possibly my favorite spot of all time. Definitely my favorite spot in philly. The meat is out of this world delicious and everyone who works there is extremely welcoming and kind. Just wish they were open every day!!!Amazing authentic Taco with friendly service. Get family style with unlimited condiments. Warm handmade tortillas and amazing sauce. We had pork and lamp, both are good but personally I like pork better. Reasonable too, $46 total bill for 5 people including drinks.This is truly comfort food... served with the kind of hospitality that almost makes you feel like you're a guest in the chef's home rather than at a place where hipsters may invade at any moment.
This place is charming, the food is delicious, and the bill was unbelievably affordable. The lamb is cooked to perfection and the soup is dense with flavor. This is definitely my family's new go-to spot for barbacoaThis place earns each and every star - from their delicious tortillas, to the lamb they cut right in front of you, to the incredible salsa bar. Keep doing what you're doing and I'll keep stopping in for a taco or two every time I pass you.I tried the pork and lamb tacos. They were both delicious! The only downside is its hard to find seats, so some share tables with other customers. The place is really small and seems really packed. But regardless, the food was delicious! You fill in your own toppings. Highly recommend you to check this place out.Where to begin... This is one of those places you don't ever want to leave because their hospitality and warmth is so overwhelmingly genuine. I went with friends for late lunch Saturday, and it was our first time, so the owner gave us samples of everything to try before we ordered. The servers brought over small trays of condiments and bottles of sauce so that we didn't need to get up to add more to our tacos, and even gave us dessert on the house! 
The food was as delicious as the service was warm: lamb and pork tacos on warm tortillas were killer, and the consome made from the drippings off the lamb meat was unassuming, but also stellar. The toppings were great, I especially loved the marinated cactus and hot chiles. 
Please go here and support such a fantastic local business. There is no way not to love this place.I had two lamb tacos (which you can load with fresh toppings) and a fresh tamarind juice. So good! I'll definitely be coming back. Next time I'll try some dessert!Very, very, very good tacos & some really friendly folks serving them up. The day I went for lunch (today!) there was live music. Doesn't get any better than this!I don't typically like lamb, but had to try it here. I loved loved loved the three lamb tacos I had, and their yummy accoutrements. My boys had the horchata with their tacos, which was thick and cinnamon-y---really good. Definitely can not wait to go back!This is the best. owned by clearly great hearted people. The flavor from this place and their people and of course their food celebrate the migrant culture and life they have made here in SP. The barbacoa makes for a well worthwhile $4 taco, however I recommend by the kilo to go. I've seen reviews including other options, but I can't speak to their quality. Yet. Their pickled vegetable and salsas take regular taco staples to new heights. One would have to be blind deaf and dumb to miss the remarkable quality of their chopped onion and particularly the cilantro. I mentioned to the boss how wonderful I found it, and you could feel the passion radiating from him when he told us his wife's process. 
While eating here, the young couple seated opposite the table from us were discussing how South Philly Barbacoa had been featured on a Netflix special Ugly Delicious. The show highlighted the cultural background that we were enveloped in during our brief stay. I have permanent affinity. 
10/10Going to South Philly Barbacoa is like going to grandma's house. You'll get fatten up buy the sheer amount of tacos you'll devour. The staff were very friendly and explained what was on the menu. I had the pork w/spice ( I have no idea what the taco's name was) and the lamb taco. Both meat melted in my mouth. Super tender and flavorful. Also I had the lamb consommé ( juice from the lamb with chick pea and rice). It sits well in the stomach and it will probably replace chicken soup the next time I feel sick. In the end I ate 6 tacos without realizing it.¡Holy crapamundo! You want to talk about authentic tacos? This is your place.
Nestled in a little neighborhood, South Philly Barbacoa is a beautifully colorful spot with friendly service.
Hop in line and order up your tacos, then top em off with a plethora of delicious toppings and three sauces to choose from (I went red and green and wasn't disappointed with either).
Now, while the barbacoa is freaking delicious, the lamb stole the show for me. Get one of each and choose for yourself.
Snag a bowl of consume as well; It's authentic and flavorful. 
Before you sit down to start eating, be sure to get a cup of fresh squeezed orange juice, too. It was amazing. They also had fresh squeezed mango and pineapple juice. 
All of the workers were really awesome and helpful.
You cannot go wrong at South Philly Barbacoa!Ordering is confusing, the hours suck, it's kind of expensive for what you get($4 for one taco), and it's cash only. It's also the most authentic best tasting Mexican food in the city. If you like Mexican food at all, visiting this place is a no-brainer.Usually a limited menu, is a hard sell for me, but this place knows what they are doing and are absolute masters of their craft.  This is a place I bring everyone who visits the city, because it's worth bragging about. 
The tacos are phenomenal, and the rice soup has so much flavor. The owners are absolutely the sweetest people in the world, and make everyone feel so welcome. South Philly Barbacoa will forever be my taco spotThe owner is literally amazing and so nice. I stumbled upon this place by accident then went in just to buy juice, then i came back another day and ordered some food. I hsd a torta de pollo en mole, and it was the best thing i ever tasted. And the service is so friendly.Just another Testament that South Philly has the best food scene hands downI LOVE this place for food. If everyone who worked here was awful, I would still give this a 5 star review simply because every aspect of the tacos is perfect. The only reason I give it 4 this time though because a place of this quality needs more seating. They do their best with the space, but I really think a restaurant of this quality should try and get some more seating space somehow.I live nearby and eat here at least twice a month if not every week. The main offerings are traditionally cooked lamb tacos and pork tacos (pancita). The tortillas used are home made and delicious even by themselves. The pork is seasoned and has a stronger flavor, while the lamb is milder and can be accented with a variety of free toppings (guacamole, two types of salsa, chopped white onion, carrot/cactus mix, onions with roasted hot peppers). Tamales (chicken and pork mole/verde, as well as dulce dessert tamales) are sometimes sold too, as are aguas frescas of various flavors and fresh orange juice. Service is quick and friendly with a bilingual staff. Seating is limited but the tables turn over quickly. Sometimes there is free live music, which is quite good.
After spending hundreds of dollars here for many meals, I have never had a bite of food that I didn't like. Ever. The owners are passionate about what they do and are genuinely committed to supporting the community, and host cultural events from time to time. It's rare to find a restaurant that is so good, so affordable, and actually gives back.I understood the hype after my first bite. That fixings bar is fantastic also. I really agree that this is the best taco in Philly. Just an unbelievable treat. And I love the service/owners.My uncle and I were driving through Philly looking for something to eat and we see this colorful building and I was so bright you couldn't miss it! We checked the hours and we had only 10 minutes and we went in and checked it out. The lady was so nice to us and we got two tacos to go and she brought out topping for us and it was already closing time. Great lamb taco it was juicy and also great service. I wish I lived in Philly to come here more often!!This place was OUTSTANDING. Very cozy and homey. Everyone there is very friendly and accommodating. We have a 16 month old and as soon as we walked in, one of the workers carried out the high chair and took us to the corner of the restaurant to keep the baby from the cold by the entrance. 
Don't know if she's the owner or the chef but she greeted us with a sample to let us know what's on the menu. We were offered additional samples. Great way to market, and definitely made us welcomed and more interested in what they had to offer. Never had such delicious soup before. Their pork and lamb tacos are to die for. Never had meat so tender and melt in my mouth. 
Service was perfect and the food, phenomenal. This place is a must!!Obviously this place is phenomenal. It was a hidden south Philly secret until Ugly Delicious got to it, but I'm almost proud they did. It's very good. You should go here, no matter how much I hate the crowds.Amazing food.  Menu is very simple but will not disappoint.  Lamb tacos and consume are a must.Ate there today. Blown away!! The meat was so succulent and so flavorful it left me simply astounded! The tortillas were fresh and warm, the toppings although minimal, were all that was needed. Out of nowhere I was brought a bowl of soup, that was beyond delicious ! Can't wait to go back and take my friends.Very nice lamb tacos!!! (Barbacoa) ... Unfortunately I didn't catch the name for the pork one, but they are very nice as well, definitely recommend the mix Barbacoa and pork :)
The lamb are cut once you order, so you still get that juiciness when you bite hmmmm ... And you add your own toppings: roast peppers, roast long beans (maybe), onion and cilantro ... Lots of drinks as well.
The place is also cozy and staff are very friendly.
Totally gonna come again!!! Thank you :DCozy spot. Great tacos ($4), they were amazing and let you build them to get them just right. The soup ($4) they had for that day was also really good. Price was reasonable for the significant portions.