out of ten -- ten being best
food: 7.8
lighting: 10
noise: 10
environment: 8.5
staff: 9Went in for the soft opening and we walked away very impressed.  Try the koreancini and the wings - both stand to be this place's signature dishes.  The sake punch was a fun take on sangria.  Fair beer menu and plenty of spirits to choose from.  Dessert was their play on strawberry shortcake that satisfied.  We'll be here often.Love the ambiance and the food was delicious! I have never had Korean food before and this was a terrific introduction! The Koreancini (fried rice and corn balls) were crisp and sweet and salted to perfection. The Kale Salad was big but not overwhelming and the dressing is perfection. We also got the stone pot bibimbap with tofu. The tofu was expertly cooked and the entire dolsat was flavorful but not too spicy. The relish on the BBQ tofu tacos was pickled heaven. 
The white and red sangria were both excellent as well. My friend doesn't even like white sangria and she loved mine. There were also beers, wine, and cocktails that we still have yet to try!
Cannot wait to return!Came here for brunch with family and friends and we really enjoyed our meals. I had the chicken and waffles and it was decent. Looks like I missed out and should have order the burger instead because that tasted awesome. Cool atmosphere and nice service. Definitely will return to try their dinner menu!I had been wanting to try this place for a while, ever since I passed by it one day. Fast forward to Sunday, we were looking for a quick place to grab brunch and I suggested we try Southgate. We were able to find street parking nearby for free . When we got inside we were immediately seated and were able to identify several menu items that looked really yummy  the prices were all pretty decent (a meal and a mimosa will run you about $20). When the food came out everything tasted great (the fries are AMAZING). And last but certainly not least, our server Dan was super attentive and helpful. Overall it's a nice option for a casual weekend brunch if you're not trying to do a boozy brunch but still want a little booze.I came here with a friend after it was named the Best Burger from Best of Philly. We both had the Bulgogi burger with fries, and while it was pretty great, I wouldn't say it was the best I've had in Philly (that would be a tie between Kensington Quarters, P'unk Burger, and Good Dog Bar). The service and ambiance were lovely, and I would definitely return.I really enjoyed the bibimbap (got the one with tofu), it came in a hot bowl. There is outside seating which is nice but I would probably sit inside the next time.This place.  
The service was good - BUT the food-
Ordered all kinds of menu items. 
Kimchee , small plate, salmon crudo, buns , chicken karage , fried rice 
As I was digging thru my plate for nourishment , looking for anything flavourful -i felt eyes burning on the back of my neck.  It was the cook looking like a dog groomer peaking thru the kitchen "window"-----noticing our lackluster expressions.  
Over view 
- Kim cheeee was old AF
- Buns oversteamed
- Chicken karage over cooked "chicken fried chicken jerky"
- No water options : just sink water 
- Basic.  
We paid before we got the rice- yelling as we ran out- 
Keep the rice.The drinks were good, not amazing but good. The Korean fried chicken was flavorful and extra crunchy which I enjoyed. BUT the pork belly udon noodles were seriously awful. I am not at all a picky eater and will pretty much eat anything, but I could barely get any of it down. I felt queasy the rest of the night just thinking about them. Probably won't be back.An awesome addition to the neighborhood. Love the seating outside .. but more importantly, love the bibimbap (especially in the stone bowl). I've been a few times now, and I just can't bring myself to order anything else!Loved this place! I came here for a senior dinner. While the menu is pretty small, I love how it's so focused on Korean fusion food. I ordered the salmon bibimbap with my rice on the side. I thought the flavors balanced perfectly. Compared to other bibimbaps I've had in the past, the one I had at Southgate wasn't too heavy on the sauce. The ingredients were also seasoned just right, so that the main star of the dish was the actual salmon. While I don't drink, I was also extremely impressed by their drink specials. Would definitely reconsider this place if I'm in the mood for awesome food in a cozy environment.I enjoyed my bibimbop but the beef was a little on the tough side. I love the way the sizzling pot crisps the rice at the bottom :-P 
My octopus appetizer was awesome - and a huge portion.I took a friend to this Korean spot because she was curious about Korean food.  Bimbimbop was inedible, fried chicken with panko was not a real chicken filet, but akin to chicken McNuggets, or mystery meat.  The wings were just OK.  This was an awful meal, and I think my friend will likely skip the Korean food for a long time to come.I love this place beyond belief! It has the most flavorful food is the whole city!!! Which means the best food in the world in that Philadephia in my mind is this culinary capitol of the world!!! I was absolutely impressed. They were so attentive too it was my birthday. I had the most wonderful time. I would give this place 100 stars!!! Thank you! Thank you! Thank you! I can't wait to go back;)I used to be a denizen of the Old Tangier, so I wanted to see what became of the local neighborhood haunt.  The interior is wonderful.  So sleek and clean.  That being said, with all of the hard surfaces, it is hard to hear yourself think when the place is busy, let alone have a conversation at the table.  They are still developing the menu, so I wasn't able to see the full range of offerings they have.  I had the salad with the sushi tuna and rice.  It was a wonderful combination of tuna, daikon, fennel, pickled ginger and rice.  I found the chili sauce a bit too hot for my personal taste, but would not fault the restaurant for that.  Servers were anxious to please.  The biggest downer was the noise level.  When I mentioned it to our waiter he said that sometimes it's more relaxed and quiet (like when nobody is there?).  Some sound-absorbing materials would help to quiet the place down.  I don't want to have to yell across a tiny talbe for dinner or yell at the waitstaff to order.  I will see what the full menu and the atmosphere are like once they fully open.We went there yesterday.  The KFC was good but the spicy version was not spicy enough.  The chicken was crispy.  I think Soho has better KFC.
We tried the best of Philly's bulgogi burger,  it was nice and juicy but again needed more of that Korean flavor profile to come out with the kochuchang sauce or Kim chi on it to add some crunch to the burger.  The fries were weak and tasted like they were dehydrated and very dry on the outside.
I would say the Butcher and Singer's burger  and Village Whiskey burgers are better.
The shrimp dumplings were excellent and had a nice miso glaze sauce to dip into on the plate.
The service was excellent since we went early but would go again.
Southgate,  please don't hold back on the Korean flavor profiles which make Korean food so delicious to eat to accommodate the Rittenhouse area.The KFC wings were very good- super crunchy and sticky sweet and hot. Great addition to the neighborhood.The new chef has made an awesome menu and flavor even better! I didn't think it was possible but I was proved wrong. I always love coming home to Southgate.Mom always says if you don't have anything nice to say don't say it. I loved the great waitstaff and the drinks were yummy - hence the five stars. But check the menu before you visit. It is not like other Korean or Korean inspired restaurants I've experienced in the Philadelphia, NYC  and  Baltimore area. In my experience, the side dishes (Banchan) accompany the bibimbap and other main courses and aren't usually a la carte.  There are usually several accompanying little delicious dishes plus kimchee with most entree choices. This is not like those restaurants and the prices and the a la carte sides were a surprise. I recommend going there to enjoy the drinks and wonderful  service the waitstaff provides. But in the Center City area, I recommend going to Washington Avenue, 10th Street, or Chinatown for a less expensive and more authentic Korean (U.S) dining experience. 
My friend loved the burger option which was well seasoned, spicy and flavorful. He loves spicy food and was happy with his choice. Our waiter, the hostess, the bartender as well as the cooking staff were lovely, friendly and anticipated all of our needs.The menu is smaller than it appears. I felt like I almost had to order the wings and the bibimbap. 
And I did. And it was great. 
But for some reason, not many venture far from those items. Or that's what it seems like, judging by the items coming out of the kitchen and the prior reviews. 
I would go if you are in the area, and if you have a need for twice fried wings and bibimbap in a stone pot.I came here with my friend after shopping in the Rittenhouse area. We got the Korean Fried Chicken, Tacos, and Burger. The tacos were the best, the burger next, and the Korean Fried Chicken was good but not amazing. I don't have much comments on the tacos and burger other than that they were good, tender meat, and very flavorful. I loved the gochujang-ketchup sauce given for the fries (included side to the burger). For the Korean Fried Chicken we tried both the spicy and soy; I love spicy food but think the soy had slightly more depth of flavor. We agreed that we actually slightly prefer the trashiness of BonChon Korean Fried Chicken (and their spicy wings are spicier!), so if you're a big fan of BonChon, I'm not certain you'd enjoy the KFC they have here--but try for yourself and see!
In the future, I think we would order just the Tacos and Burger between us, which would be a very reasonable price and leave us feeling comfortably full. Overall a really nice experience, appealing interior and attentive service, and I plan to return :)Decor is classy and trendy. Staff is attentive and kind. Can't skip items on the small plate menu are the Korean fried chicken and the shrimp and pork dumplings. You will crave the fried chicken for weeks. The bibimbap rice bowls are flavorful and the portion size is generous. Haven't tried any of their large plates yet but I'm sure they are just as excellent!I enjoyed my dinner at Southgate, but definitely felt like they skimped on the Korean flavor. Tried the KFC wings (both flavors), they had a delicious crunch but definitely not spicy. Same with the spicy fries. You can see they dusted it with something but the taste does not translate. The dolsot bibimbap was ok. Nothing particularly great to justify the $17 price tag. Service from the kitchen was very slow, long wait after our wings. The waiter and bartender were both great. And we enjoyed our cocktails, which were well crafted and delicious.Amazing food and good value for what you pay for. Very decent amount of food, I have leftovers for both of my two visits here. The dolsot bibimbap is really good. Perfect ambience for conversations, it's not too loud and the music is on point. Definitely will come back to try more dishes!~Came here last Friday around 8ish with one other friend --we were both excited that finally a Korean place opened up in downtown Philly again. Food/drink selection wasn't as expected. Where's the pajeon and ddeokbokki?? No makgeolli either and the soju is muddled in a fancy cocktail priced at $12 (with that price I could buy 3 bottles of plain soju a few blocks down at Wine and Spirits!) I guess I was hoping too much that it would be a like Hongdae bar. The location of the bar should have been a dead give away that it would be catering to a different crowd and taste. Actually it's my fault for not reading articles regarding this place beforehand--they did say it was going to offer "Korean inspired flavors". Oh, so you are one of those places that add kimchi to food and call it Korean.
I'd probably come back for the wings and sweet potato fritters on a late Sunday night when it's not so noisy. Defintely not going to have the bulgogi burger or spicy pulled pork sandwich again because they were just ehhh. Our bill was about $100 for two people.....geesus we could've gotten 4 large orders of chicken from BonChon or Soho *smacks forehead*........I went to Southgate for dinner after hearing from friends to try them out.  It's kinda cramped space and the stairs to the bathroom is pretty steep.  Not a huge issue, really, unless you are handicapped.  
I had the bulgogi burger for my dinner.  The burger was good, the fries on the other hand were soft and tasted like they were undercooked and from an oven.  I'll probably go back for the fried chicken, but the lame fries does make the experience a little bad.I have rated this 3 stars, but if Yelped allowed it, I would probably rate it 3.5 stars.
Came here on a random Saturday at around 6pm, there was no wait and we were seated right away, however, about 30 minutes later there was a slight wait. Seating was a little tight, but that's probably due to the fact that it's a pretty small space. They also have seating outside but it was pretty warm that day.
Onto the food, we ordered the coconut and cardamom infused soju, the  "KFC" wings, fried rice, the poke bowl (can't remember the name), the bibimbop, and the matcha fruit tart.
I liked all the food, it was freshly made, however, it didn't wow me. The Soju tasted more like cardamom than coconut but it was pretty strong. The wings were good, but I think I'm one of those rare people who are not impressed with Korean fried chicken wings (don't hurt me, I like buffalo wings). My favorite part of the meal was the fried rice it had sausage, kimchi and all that good umami flavor. The poke bowl was just ok, the flavor was good, but it had very little fish. And my dinner partner had the bibimbop which I did not try but he enjoyed it. The matcha fruit tart was quite good and a nice detour from the usual fruit tarts.
I would definitely return, but it's not a place that I crave.In terms of service the place was great, but the food was just meh. The wings weren't great, it  wasn't on the level of Soho's chicken or even bonchon a chain. The lamb buns were OK, I was really disappointed in the burger. I guess when it comes to a burger I'm more a purist. To me this burger was more like seared meatloaf with a Korean flare. I just wasn't a fanMaybe it's because I am a frequent diner of Korean cuisine, but all this place seemed like to me was overpriced Korean fusion food in a "hip" setting. Honestly, if you don't eat Korean food EVER then this place will be AMAZING to you. The place is clean and sleek, the chicken wings are bomb, and bibimbap is not an item that is easily accessible in center city. But if you are like me and regularly eat Korean food, $2 per wing, $3 for fermented cabbage that usually comes free, and ~$15 for a bowl of rice and veggies in a stone bowl are just not worth it.
On the plus side, at least this place is helping Korean food become more mainstream.I only knew about Southgate from a video about their brunch menu and how they make delicious korean fusion dishes. Typically I'm hesitant when trying korean fusion dishes as I often feel like the flavors aren't handled properly when trying to americanize or change traditional korean foods (or maybe I'm just a korean food snob? or both??) but I must say... I loved my experience at Southgate this past weekend! 
I started brunch off with their kimchi blood mary, which was spicy! I was actually very happy with the spice level but also how they use kimchi to elevate the bloody mary. I didn't think it was too overwhelming which was what I was embracing for. I enjoyed the spicy house-made soju shot that it was paired with as well. It was like a nice little cool down break from the kimchi Bloody Mary :)
My friends and I decided to do tapas style for brunch so we could taste as many things as possible. Best idea ever! We started with the kimchi deviled eggs which were tasty. Again, I am pleased that they were able to subtly infused the kimchi within the dish, which wasn't overwhelming or overbearing by any means. But it also wasn't just adding kimchi on top of a traditional deviled egg. I believe they blended the kimchi and some sesame oil in the egg mixture which really just made the mixture smooth with a hint of sweet and spicy. They had four pieces so it's easy to share.
For our entrees, we ordered the kimchi poutine, short rib and korean fried chicken (KFC) and green tea waffles. It is hard for me to choose one clear favorite, mostly because I thoroughly enjoyed each dish. The kimchi poutine was delicious and I loved that the fries and cheese on the stone bowl continued to cook and get crispy even at our table. They don't have any gravy on this dish (like traditional poutine), but it works out very well. Very easy to share. The KFC and green tea waffles were a huge surprise to me. I wasn't expecting to enjoy the waffles that much, mostly because I wasn't too sure about green tea waffles... but it was very good! And paired with super crispy KFC was like icing on the cake. I wish the chicken was spicy though, that would have definitely put it over the top for me and been a favorite. Lastly, the short rib dish was good though it doesn't stick out as much as the other two. My friends really enjoyed the short rib itself, but I was under the impression it was suppose to be like galbi so that let me down a bit--still good but just not what I had been expecting. The short rib was placed in a huge bowl with rice, two eggs and jalapeños. The nice surprise was the sweet soy sauce at the bottom of the bowl, where the rice was soaking it up--it really brought the dish together.
Overall, Southgate is a wonderful place to experiment with Korean fusion dishes. One of my friends had never had korean food before and really enjoyed our dining experience here. I like that they offer a variety of things outside what you'd expect. I will most definitely come back here for brunch the next time I'm in Center City! Especially for the spicy kimchi Bloody Mary :)Great little spot, tasty happy hour menu, good tunes, nice beer list...enjoy! We stopped by for a Friday happy hour and it was pretty quiet. If you're looking for a place to catch ur breath after a long week this space t should do the trick.Fantastic! Sorry glad we were able to find a table right away! They made me a vegetarian bowl which was flavorful ! The drinks were delicious as well.Went for the soft opening at a time that eventually will be their happy hour. It wasn't up and running yet, but I assume that now that they have "hard opened?" that the happy hour is in full swing. We sat at the bar and I tasted most of the cocktails between what I ordered and what my ladies were having. Overall the cocktails were good, but I did feel like they were a little heavy on the ice since we went through them quicker than usual, but maybe we were just VERY thirsty. The bartender was lovely and attentive and happy to sell us more slightly overpriced drinks.
We tried the Korean fried chicken wings, which were delicious and way overshadowed the potato fritter/dumpling thing we also got. The vibe is clean and modern, but also dark and intimate. They fit seating in practically every square inch of the place, which is probably a good thing, since it was pretty crowded even at the soft opening. I LOVED the wallpaper in the bathrooms. The whole renovation is a far cry from old Tangier, but I have to say I do miss the headless camel in the window. I'll get over it I guess...and I'll be back for more Korean fried chicken wings.Great time! I loved eating the Asian fusion dinner. I had the hot pot, which is their most popular dish. I enjoyed it a lot and took home leftovers! You have to mix it (Which the staff will echo) since it comes as a layered sort of dish. We sat outside and were comfortable and our waiter came to check on us. There wasn't much outdoor lighting, which I was surprised about, so we're glad we didn't come later. The food came hot (obviously) and was a delicious traditional meal! Also, the bathrooms were pretty clean too. Unisex single-stall bathrooms. I will be coming back!Regardless of what Craig LaBrian writes this is a excellent, fun restuarant with great imaginative food and a welcoming staff, and not noticeably noisy.  Definitely go and order the fried which is plenty spicy.  We might see you there as we will be back.Delicious food and drinks and cozy atmosphere. Our party of 2 came around 8:00 on a Friday night and were seated at the bar right away. Steamed buns were amazing, flavorful and the meat melted away as soon as I took a bite. The bibimbap was also delicious.The food here is pretty good. It is not quite 5 stars worthy, but everything is high quality and fresh and flavored well. The chicken wings and the dolsot bibimbap bowl were both delicious. It is a smaller place and has a very nice ambience. It seems like a great date spot. Prices are reasonable for what you get. I would definitely return here for some more Korean fusionNot authentic Korean. I ordered the Hwe Dup Bap - Sashimi yesterday and it was a bit basic. The fish was not plentiful but tasted ok. Unfortunately my stomach started convulsing after 10-15 minutes of eating this. It got really messy and I passed out on the bathroom floor in cold sweat for an hour. This happened only one other time for Philly restaurants and that place (Pho-ladelphia) was closed for sanitary reasons. Not saying this place wasn't fresh but just sayin'... mighty Fishy! Two stars instead of one since I'm giving Southgate the benefit of the doubt but I have no doubt in my mind I suffered food poisoning.One of my favorite spots in the city! I think I've tried everything on the menu.
Definitely get the Korean Fried Chicken! Other favorites are the kale salad, BBQ beef tacos, fish and chips, bulgogi burger, and the chicken katsu. While you're there, make sure you grab a shot of soju and a pour of pumpking beer!Came for brunch at this place! I was not disappointed. The food here is an amazing Korean fusion so be prepared for that. The restaurant itself is nestled on a street corner and has about 15 tables on the inside. They do take reservations so be sure to put one in if you want to get a table. The waiter was very nice and since it was a Jordan fusion restaurant he was able to explain and walk us through the menu. For my meal I went the Asian burger. The burger was great and it came with a spicey ketchup which was really good. My friends got the bibimbop which I was so jealous that I did not get. If you come here you must get the bibimbop! The food was cooked perfectly and the beef was juicy and spicey! Oh also be sure to get a few pitchers of sangria with your meal. The sangria was great and fruity!Awesome fried chicken wings, great burger and really tasty bibimbap (with tofu). I give the food 4.5 stars but bumped the rating to 5 stars due to service.Quite good bibimbop dolsot. Maybe could be a little spicier. Liked the portion sizes. I've been twice - it gets really busy at peak times so visit during non peak timesFood was ok- fritters were VERY bland. Really no reason to be charging $12 for a cocktail in this setting. It's trying to be too many things. Service was cordialGet the Korean fried chicken, spicy. Done.
Okay, I'll also say that the bibimbap in the stone bowl is great. Good flavor and crisped rice: spot on! And the revamping of the shrimp-and-pork dumplings works well (my first experience with them underwhelmed, but the second had a better sauce pairing).
Sorry to say, I was disappointed by the bulgogi burger, which I tried for the first time the day SouthGate won Best Burger 2016, expecting to be blown away. It was practically raw in the middle, and though the flavor was good, it was subdued and didn't have the wow factor expected because of the title!
Love the feel of the space. First visit was early evening on a Friday: had great service and nice timing with the kitchen. Second visit was late evening on a Wednesday, and the kitchen was dragging. Not sure why the difference.
Will definitely return for the fried chicken and if someone else orders it, I'll give a second taste to the burger.we are very excited to have this restaurant on our block. 100% better than Tangier and a good option over La Baia on the other end of Lombard. i have enjoyed their food a lot and have seen some significant improvements from our first visit a moth or so ago. Our only issue is with their reservation / seating process. Twice we have made reservations and when we arrived we were only offered the table near the door even though many other tables were open. Last Saturday night same thing. We wanted a table away fro the door as it was chilly outside. We were told the other 4 top was reserved for a party of 6. No worries. So we eat dinner and the other table sat empty. Not until we were paying the bill did they seat a  table of 4 at that table. Not a 6 top...a 4 top.... So when the owners are peering out the window on a cold January night wondering where all there business is, I will be across Lombard Street peering out my window thinking how great it would be to have dinner at SouthGate...except I won't go because I know I will get the freezing table by the door. Please don't piss of the neighbors...I would come back here, yeah. Our server was kind and personable, and I loved sitting outside on 18th street. The food was good, and there are happy hour specials to enjoy from 5-6:30. 
I would come back here, yeah, but I wouldn't order the hot stone bi bim bap (rice, veggies, a few strips of beef, $17) or a draft beer (10 oz of Grapefruit Sculpin IPA, $7) because I felt seriously ripped off. After tax and tip, that's $31 for BI BIM BAP AND A 10 OZ IPA.
Oof.I'm a huge fan of Southgate! This Korean fusion gastropub expertly mixes traditional Korean flavors in accessible American mediums. After going3 for happy hour, drinks, and dinner multiple times I decided to have my birthday here. The staff made it a wonderful night. Lisa and Juan at the bar are among the friendliest not to mention skilled bartenders out there whose signature drinks (especially the hot toddy) are delicious and beautifully presented. Our waitress, Lyndsie was very attentive and made us feel at home. 
While the drinks here are phenomenal, the real treat is the food. No trip to Southgate is complete without indulging in the Korean Fried Chicken, the double fried, crispy perfection topped off with either a soy garlic (my favorite) or spicy gochujang sauce. The chicken katsu is another favorite of mine. This tender, breaded chicken is topped with a Korean bbq type sauce served with a side of rice and a little cabbage salad. I love this dish for the variety of flavor and the portion is huge!
I tried the bibimbap for the first time during my birthday dinner, choosing the hot stone pot option which I highly recommend!  While the presentation of this dish is marvelous, its encouraged that you mix it up before eating. The contents of your bowl continue to cook while you eat and the rice gets nice and crispy. The beef served with this dish was tender and flavorful and the spicy sauce was a perfect way to top it all off.
Overall I recommend Southgate very highly. This is a great place to grab some drinks, snacks or a full meal. My mouth is watering just writing this.The wings are excellent!
The prices will kill you.
The wings are very Bonchon-esque and worth every penny, but other things on the menu are way overpriced for South St. They're charging Rittenhouse prices for upscale bar food. Like the tofu tacos - tofu and some mayonnaise for $12? The drinks are good, but they're nearly Franklin Mortgage prices for small, above average cocktails. 
Definitely worth a try, but two apps and three drinks set us back almost $75 with tip, so it's just not a place we can really frequent. Definitely stop by for the wings though.We were so excited to try Southgate, and I'm glad we finally did! I'll admit I was a bit hesitant because I was very sad to see Tangier go. However, I had heard great things about Southgate so I decided to give it a whirl. We got the KFC wings as a starter, a mix of both flavors, and loved them! Highly recommended. As a main dish I had the burger - just voted Best of Philly - and while it wasn't the best I've ever had, it was pretty awesome. They have a good drink list, prices are relatively cheap and the service was good.I came here with misguided expectations, and that's not the restaurant's fault - everyone in here was happy and having a great time. The service was warm, kind, and attentive. I should have known when I walked in to The Black Keys and an extensive cocktail list I wasn't going to get the kind of food I wanted, and that's on me. Lol. But, sharing in case you're a Korean food fan!
Korean is my favorite cuisine to go out and eat. I've yet to find any Korean food here in Philly that compares to the yummy little Korean spots in Cherry Hill. I was hoping Southgate would be my new sorta-pricey-but-worth-it Korean spot!
I was disappointed to see no nengmyun, soon dubu, kimchi jigae, etc - just japchae and basic dolsots. 
I ordered japchae, my fella had a dolsot. For my pallette, it was by far the worst japchae I've ever had - the mushroom sauce was overpoweringly strong, the beef was little hunks of steak instead of shredded stew meat, there was so much oil in it I could hardly eat it. You can't go wrong with a dolsot of course and my partner enjoyed his meal. Their kimchi didn't rank for me, either.I came to SouthGate with my wife for restaurant week.  We were happy to see the restaurant was very busy and the menu looked very good with a wide variety of chicken, beef, and vegetarian dishes.  I also appreciated the large variety of local craft beers.  
The food was simply not very good.  We tried the fried pork dumplings and both had the chicken katsu.  The dumplings were a bit bland and the chicken was dry and stringy.  
The server was running but had a lot of tables.  There are a lot of options in the area and they were busy so maybe we caught them on a bad night."Southgate is a neighborhood gastropub elevating food and drink in our own unique way. Heavily influenced by both modern food culture and our Korean roots, we feature craft beer, wine, an impressive spirits list, and food that takes a creative direction through traditional Korean to classic American." Since reading that description over a year ago and bookmarking Southgate and also reading a ROTD by Nando F., I finally and much too long over due dined at Southgate.
The restaurant is located on the corer of 18th and Lombard and has both seating inside and outside. We chose to inside as it was only 6:00 PM and still warm outside. The inside is modern, cool and pleasant. It is a very comfortable space.
My dining companion on this night, who is also daughter, and myself ordered with three small plates. KFC - Korean Fried Chicken, Short Rib Steamed Buns and Pan Roasted Octopus. The steamed buns were the first to appear and these were soft and fresh and had some heat. They were much different then the Chinese style ones we were used to and came with a spicy dipping sauce. The octopus was very tender and had great flavors. It came with a Kimchi style sauce and baby corn. The KFC was excellent. The chicken was crispy, moist and flavorful and we preferred the spicy Gochujang sauce over the soy garlic.
Southgate also has a decent beer list on tap and in bottles. We were fairly full with the three small plates and we passed on dessert. I am looking forward to returning to Southgate to try Korean Steak Tacos and the Bulgogi burger. I really liked the concept and I hope that Southgate will continue to do well.Over the moon! This is not only one of the best meals I've had in Philadelphia in the last year, but it's become my favorite restaurant to bring guests to. The new menu is inspired and brings new meaning to Korean fusion. I live over 20 minutes away and I still make the trek as often as possible.Excellent korean fusion gastropub. KFC was on point. Bibimbap was really good as well as their kimchi burger. Inside is pretty chic but casual.I really wanted to like this place, but ended up walking a bit disappointed. Seating didn't take very long depending on when you arrive but the portions were slightly small for the hefty price. 
I grabbed the KFC which was $12 for 6. The chicken was very crunchy and more importantly, the chicken was juicy. Additionally, the sauce was sweet and not overpowering. Also grabbed a Dolsot Bibimbap (Hot Stone Pot) which was very well presented. There were a lot of vegetables and the dish stayed hot but my biggest complaint was that there was barely any flavor in the beef or from the gochujang, which was very disappointing. We also got a bulgogi burger to split. It was defiantly a interesting dish as a fusion dish. Maybe I'm more used to bulgogi with rice, but it was definitely a unique taste with how sweet the bulgogi burger was. 
The place wasn't too loud and had a TV which had a game on. There is a nice outdoor seating area for the spring/summer. Overall, it was a pleasant experience. The service was good and the food was more often good. I'll be returning to try some of their other menu items.Review for drinks only. Decent beer list and attentive bartender. Need to come back and try the burger I am told it is amazing. Beware though, the stairs down to the restrooms are super steep.Not bad, but ultimately, this place veers toward watered down Korean than interesting Korean fusion.
The Koreancini and dumplings were off the mark in terms of marrying western and Korean flavors -- I don't get what's so "Korean" about a corn-filled arancini with tomato sauce and the eggplant puree does not add to the dumplings. You can certainly get better Korean fried chicken. The Korean pickle in the bulgogi burger was a nice touch, but overall not mind blowing. Finished the meal with the misugaru cake with lemon cream and persimmon...and apparently the people here do not know what a ripe persimmon tastes like.
The highlight here was definitely the cocktail -- the P&P is a great rye whiskey drink that balances the bite and the sweet well. 
If you have risk-averse diners, then this place would probably be a nice introduction to Korean flavors in a posh setting. But if you're a Korean food veteran, then look elsewhere to satisfy your cravings.I am really happy about this addition to our neighborhood - Southgate has a cute, intimate feel with a unique menu. I came here on a Friday night with my boyfriends and was able to sit outside without a wait. To drink, I had the white sangria; a bit too sweet for my taste but good nonetheless. I probably wouldn't get it again because it wasn't cheap ($9). For an appetizer, we ordered the dumplings, which were delicious! The beef on the inside was so flavorful, I could have eaten 50 of them. There are five dumplings, so you can split them with another person as a small appetizer. For an entree, my boyfriend ordered the pulled pork sandwich. He wasn't crazy about the sandwich but we both loved his spicy fries. Very interesting addition. I got the bibimbap with beef. I loved it! My only qualm was that it came out cold. I asked for it to be heated up and they were happy to oblige, but it still came out lukewarm after that. I might try it in the stone pot next time. Otherwise, it was really flavorful with just a little kick which I loved. The service was also really good - our waitress was very attentive, friendly, and polite. I will say it is a little pricey, but not any more so than comparable restaurants in the area. Overall, I really enjoyed this place and will definitely be coming back!Great brunch place. A lot of Rittenhouse places are overrated but I like this restaurant a lot. It's kid friendly, has an interesting menu that appeals to different palates, and they have a legit full bar. They have fun beer options and their cocktails are strong. 
Every time I've been, the staff has been really nice. 
As for the food: everything I've tried has been really good. The green tea waffle with the Korean fried chicken are delish. Bibimbap is my go-to. The Korean tacos and the bulgogi burger are also fantastic. If you're a little more adventurous: try the kimchi poutine. It actually works!
Can't wait to go back.Visited philly from NYC to get away from the hot August city and eat some new things, wander in some new neighborhoods.  Southgate was on the list for a Saturday night dinner and drinks date for two of us and did not disappoint. The menu is curated and thoughtful - dishes range from accessible to more adventurous and all are delicious.  Wish we had a neighborhood place like this near us back home.
Appetizers:
Koreancini - fried rice balls with sweet corn and a fresh roasted tomato dipping sauce
The special pork buns with honey dipping sauce - soft pillowy buns and slow roasted pork with honey dipping sauce on the side (so filling!)
Chicken wings - sweet, salty, covered in sauce and messy gooey deliciousness (huge portion!)
Entrees:
Tuna hwe dup bap - I had never had this before and it was refreshing, light and a delightful mix of crunchy light vegetable flavored, fresh tuna, sesame oil, rice and a bit of spicy sauce. Yum.
Bulgogi burger - whoa. Rich, buttery bun and perfectly toasted bread, umami salty sweet marinated patty, cucumber pickles and a huge heap of fries. Wow. 
Dessert:
The little flour shortcakes with fresh cream and fresh strawberries and blueberries. We were so stuffed by this point but took this down as well.
Drinks:
We had an amazing local vanilla ale (so refreshing), a beautiful porter, the old boy cocktail (yum!! spirit forward but still tempered by citrus), the p&p, and the Korumbian which had a lovely anise flavor and was not too sweet.
Waters were always filled, service was attentive but not too much so and really really nice, atmosphere was hoppin on a Saturday night but not was not a pretentious crowd. Was a great neighborhood spot and perfectly chill vibe. Plus the chef was owning the kitchen with the open kitchen thing going on - always awesome to see.
Obviously by the end of the night, we had to slowly ROLL out of there we were so full. 
Can't wait to go back!Really yummy food!  I thought the small plates were the highlight-- the fried chicken (super crispy and both the soy and the hot sauces were tasty), the pork belly wrap, fried octopus.  
The banchan were all delicious and had really authentic flavors, which I was impressed with, since it is Korean fusion and Korean fusion restaurants often water down the Korean-ness too much.  Everyone enjoyed, and 3/4 of us there were Korean, so that says a lotNice spot first time here since they became SOUTHGATE cute small place for girls night or even a date loved their rice bowl but sampan is much better lolI haven't tried much Korean food, so I went a little conservative for my brunch choice and got the katsu burger....it was honestly the BEST burger I've ever had. I usually don't even like onions on my burger but all the flavors balanced each other so well I left them on. The Kimchi Bloody Mary was also different but delicious-with a sidecar of Korean rice liquor (Soju?) to enhance the spiciness to your liking. I'm so excited to come back here to try their dinner.I can't ding them for their clientele, even though there seem to be an awful lot of loud and insipid people packed inside...it's like a slightly improved version of the "Founding Fathers" crowd, which is a slightly improved version of the "Howl at the Moon" crowd, which is a slightly improved version of tree sloths, perhaps.
But back to the food, which is what matters. The place is reasonably priced and the food is great--Korean comfort food. It's not good for you, but if you want that, go to a real Korean place and get something full of veggies. 
At Southgate, get the quintuply fried wings (KFC) that are truly terrific in Korean hot sauce (gochujang). Pass on the pork belly buns--they are ok but nothing to Yelp© about. The autumn salad was very nice, too.
Korean tacos look like they're going to be a problem with the meat smothered in what appears to be a cream sauce of some sort, but actually the sauce is quite light and the tacos are terrific. For me the star was the Bulgogi burger, which I'm still thinking of weeks later... Not the right cuisine descriptor, but it's the most "umami" thing you'll ever eat. Spiced like bulgogi with the real deal trimmings and a great soft bun. Really fantastic and highly recommended. 
Go here and don't look back and enjoy. A fun and inventive restaurant with great food and service--enough that you can ignore everyone else and have a good and unhealthy meal with a friend.After two check ins, Yelp is asking me, what keeps you coming back? 
My answer: THE WINGS! 
Honestly, I think they're the best wings I've had in Philly, so crunchy on the outside and so juicy on the inside. They're somewhat pricey ($12 for 7 wings) but the wings are huge and meaty, so I usually only need 4-5 wings paired with some beer for a full meal. I loved both their flavors, but I'm slightly partial towards the soy garlic. Other items on the menu include a variety of Asian fusion dishes, but they seemed mediocre at best in my opinion. However, the service is excellent and meticulous (they gave us little wet wipes because the wings can be messy on the fingers) and the ambiance is upbeat and modern. Also, I tried one of their specialty cocktails, which was delicious, and I'd love to try more of them! As such, I'd definitely come back regularly for the wings and the drinks. 
And so, yes Yelp - "Yay! I'm a fan"I and two other guests ate at Southgate on Sunday, 1/7/18.  When we arrived at the restaurant at 6 p.m. for our reservation, I asked for a table as far away from the table as possible, as it was bitterly cold outside.  There was only one other table of four in the restaurant at the time.  The hostess said that she had set up the table closest to the door for us (which only involved pushing two tables together), and even though the restaurant was otherwise empty excepting the one table, she insisted that we could take the table closest to the door or sit at the common table in the back.  So we sat at the common table.  We were there for a couple of hours and many of the other tables were empty much of the time we were there.  I give the hostess a HUGE thumbs down!  However, I must say that this was our second time eating at Southgate and we were otherwise very happy with both the food and the service.  The food was delicious and the waiter was pleasant and attentive.  I would just suggest some customer service training for the hostess to improve the overall experience.My girlfriend and I stopped by for dinner during a soft-open on a Saturday, and it was delicious.  The atmosphere is fun with great decor and quick service.  It did seem quite loud inside, but nothing too crazy.  
The food is delicious, and they have everything from bibimbop to a Korean burger.  We tried the bibimbop and their BBQ tacos, and both were very tasty.  The prices seemed a bit disproportionate between the two, and we were hoping the tacos might come with a side dish like fries or something - but both were delicious, so this wasn't too big of an issue.  They have a solid draught beer list at pretty standard Center City prices, and their cocktail list looks good.  
Of course it's still too early to come to any firm reviews of Southgate, so I'll definitely modify my review once they've officially opened - as this will almost certainly become one of our go-to places for great food and interesting drinks.I am glad we finally got around to going here. We started with the octopus app, which was absolutely phenomenal. I got the monkfish entree- was sweet and spicy. i tend to be a picky eater in terms of being really concerned about eating clean and heathy.  i left there with a full stomach, but still felt light and good. the food was flavorful without being heavy and there were some great menu options for health nuts. service was friendly and efficient.We came to this place looking for some nice sizzling bibimbap. Ordered the korean fried chicken in both, spicy and garlic, tofu bibimbap and lamb buns. Everything was amazing. The bibimbap came in a sizzling plate and had an array of flavors. I was scrapping the stone bowl for stuck bits in the end. Korean fried chicken, per my mother in law, were the best chicken wings she had during her stay. Spicy ones were much better than garlic. Lamb buns were like bao buns but were equally delicious.
Drinks were great. We ordered a pitcher of sangria which was perfect in the July heat. Our server was very attentive and got us soju tasters when we weren't sure what to order. I will definitely come back.I love this place. I usually get the beef dolsot bibimbap, and enough of the appetizers so that I have to roll out the door.  The octopus, in its current iteration is especially good. Check out the skirt steak- it's excellent and has real deal korean flavors.  Yes, it's fusion, and not 100% korean, but it's fusion done well, and it's getting better every time I go back, which according to yelp is 15 times as of today.Was on my way to Pub and Kitchen without much of a plan when I happened to stop in for the Sunday night happy hour. Overall - solid beer options and tasty food. To start I had the Korean Fried Chicken as and addition to my meal which was a nice option at just three pieces. The wings were big, meaty and juicy with a good crisp. I thought the spicy sauce was also well done. Followed up the wings with the bulgogi burger - very tasty and well seasoned, my medium rare came out somewhat undercooked but hey better under than over right? Definitely a solid choice if you're in the area.I've been to Southgate multiple times now, and this is the lowdown: 
* Cocktails are interesting, bartender (Lisa) is VERY knowledgeable
* Happy hour prices are great ($6 house wines)
* Atmosphere is both minimalistic and cozy
* Menu just changed to include more foods that aren't deep fried (thank the lord!) - I haven't tried any of the new dishes, but both the snapper and pork dishes sound amazing!
* Large plates/entrees hover under $18-20, very reasonable
[* I wasn't a huge fan of the bibimbap, needed more flavor - when I took it home sriracha helped, but that doesn't say much for the dish.]
But really the ONLY THING you need to know is: 
* The KFC (Korean Fried Chicken) are the best wings in the city. They are crave-able. We have dreamt about them, they are that good - perfect combination of shatteringly crisp skin & sticky, sweet, spicy sauce (both options are good) & moist chicken. Yum. I want them NOW. 
Prices are VERY reasonable: two glasses of wine and a plate of wings (we took 3 home) during happy hour ran us $24 last week!Wanted to love the place really. But the menu is very limited and the offerings, while totally edible,  just a little off the mark. A little heavy-handed on the sauces and salt.  I'm going to give it another try and hoping it will be better.Hip corner spot perfect for sitting outside and enjoying some grub on a cool, not too breezy night. The service was great and though the menu is a bit pricey, the food is very solid. Especially with the rice bowls, they have a great balance of super fresh ingredients, which make them colorful and vibrant. 
I chose the sizzling one, the dolsot bibimbap, and it was plenty filling. I haven't had Korean food at many places so I don't really have too many comparisons, but I very much enjoyed it. I do wish it came with some more sauce just to bring it all together a bit more, and also because I enjoyed the sauce so much, but other than that, I can't really complain.OH MY GOODNESS!  This place is FANTASTIC!  The restaurant is small and cozy but trendy all at the same time.  Even though the space is small, it isn't overly crowded, so you feel like you have space, even if at a small table.
I came with a friend and we wanted to try a bunch of things, so we narrowed it down to 4 items and shared.  
We had the Korean Fried Chicken in Spicy Sauce.  These were awesome!  Perfectly juicy, crispy and the perfect amount of flavor and spice! he wings are pretty large too.  Make sure you order these when you come here!!
We also had the beet salad (a nice light item considering everything else was much heavier)
I LOVE beets, and these were so yummy!  I loved that all of the various aspects of this dish added so much flavor and dimension to the beets!  My friend couldn't have the bacon that came with it (she doesn't eat pork) and they were really awesome about putting it on the side so we could both enjoy the dish!
Bimbimbap-  We went with the Dolsot Bimbimbap option and OH MY!  SO YUMMY!!!!!!  This was so perfect because it was cold and rainy the night we came here and this HIT THE SPOT!  Utter perfection.  We got it with tofu and our server recommended the sizzling option because the rice gets crispy and the texture melds really nicely with the other veggies, he was so right!!!  I am so happy we went with his recommendation! As Natalie K. said in her review, (she is the friend I was with) we were told that the crunch of the rice you get with this dish is incomparable, and it is so true.  It tied the whole thing together.  I could not get enough!!! I am honestly salivating just thinking about it.  I also look forward to trying the other styles, but I would absolutely get this again!
Bulgogi Burger -After being told that this was voted the best burger in Philly, we had o try it.  SO Good! it is definitely one of the best burgers I have had in the city.  each item on this burger (marinated beef, green leaf lettuce, scallion salad, ssamjang mayo, homemade pickles, sesame bun), truly complimented each other for the perfect Korean style burger experience.
There are more items on this menu that I am itching to try, I will update as soon as I can get back here and eat my way through the menu again!  We wanted dessert, but were so full, we couldn't do it, so...I guess we are heading back soon for more! 
Service was fantastic!  Our server was super helpful, enthusiastic, and friendly.  
Make sure you come here if you are in the are/have the chance to check it out. I cannot wait to come back! I can certainly say that I have found a new favorite place to go in Philly!Best service in town. These folks go out of their way to be hospitable and it's genuine. Wish the menu had a few more options, but what they do, they do well (although I wouldn't recommend the octopus rice bowl - undercooked and no veggies). Can't wait to try brunch and the house made scotch bonnet soju Bloody Mary.Great place. Make sure if you get bibimbap, you get the dolcat (sizzling stone bowl).We went here for dinner on Saturday night and I can't stop thinking about the bibimbap! It was amazing! I got the tofu bibimbap in the stone bowl - so delicious!Sat outside with my date and we brought his dogs!  It was delicious.  I really liked the cocktails (we tried 4 and shared) and the pork buns.  The hot pot and hwe du bap were also delicious.Where the old Tangier was not successful, southgate delivers with its relaxed vibe in tight quarters. P&P cocktails were singular with its sour plumminess, i will crave this on a hot summer night. 
The small plates of KFC soy, beet salad, & daily banchan were taste-bud challenging, lip-smacking, & finger licking good!  the lamb dumplings, although not my favorite, had a shy sweetness - cinnamon?clove? cardamom?  i found the dipping sauce too salty & lacking depth. 
we made lots of good appreciative noises.  
a very fine ending to a day