Hubby and I checked venue out for first time last nite. Wait for a table for 2 at 9pm was only 5 minutes or so.  Hostesses were friendly. It was a little confusing as to where hostess station is located. We entered through what used to be the front door at Divans but was told to move up to hostess station (located by what was a corner entrance for staff only at Divans). Our waitress was very boisterous and friendly. Not sure if it was opening weekend jitters or if she's just naturally super outgoing. Anyway, she was attentive and tried hard to sell us on the place. Her approach is definatley nicer than that of the waitstaff at other establishments who make you feel like you're wasting their time by being there! The wine menu is extensive and be warned - the place is not  cheap. We had 2 beers, a glass of wine, 2 apps and a sandwhich for a grand total of $60 (with tip it came to over $70)!  The tuna ceviche was delicious and the wings were good. They are differerent as they are grilled vs the traditional fried wings. Hubby loved them. I got the grilled cheese which was ok. It was pretty heavy and all i could taste was cheese (despite there being apple and bacon in the sammie). Overall impression of Sowe is favorable. It's a nice addition to the neighborhood. We are going back!Was a great brunch but the rest of the food was pretentious and not well executed flavorless whatever. It was always dead in there and never open when you wanted to go!Bad food; subpar service and and owner that was busy schmoozing. Too bad she wasn't interested in fixing the cold food.beer isreally overpriced.. you can get the same quality beer at sidecar or grace tavern for much cheaperSoWe is our favorite neighborhood spot.  The meals have been exceptional but what really stands out to me is the service.  It is so hard to find restaurants in Philly that go above and beyond a customer's expectations, but SoWe impresses us each time we visit.  The servers are friendly and attentive and there's a guy there who I assume is the manager that really makes things run smoothly from the customer's point of view.  
 The first night we went it was busy, but the manager offered to take my coat for me, it was a small gesture that made a big impact.  This is what more businesses need to do, go out of their way to impress the customer with small gestures of kindness and accommodation.  Every time we've visited the servers are friendly but not annoying and they stay on top of what the table needs.  One day for brunch the server brought out another bottomless mimosa before we even asked for it.  Nice touch. 
I ordered the Tuna encrusted with quinoa and a walnut pesto.  It was amazing.  Very flavorful and cooked exactly the way I asked for it.  We have also tried the burger which is equally delicious, although not quite as calorie friendly.   These are our two favorite meals.  
The brunch drink special is priced accurately, last time we were there it was $15 for bottomless mimosas.  Overall this place is great and I think they should keep up the personal attention they pay to their customers.  
Great job SoWe!Very disappointing! Went there 4/13/13 for an early dinner. When we arrived we were offered  seats at the bar or in the back room(hostess said it is dark back there). We elected to sit at the bar. The bartender  was nice enough at first. We ordered drinks and food. The bartender did not seem to know the menu well, they were out of a featured beer and one of the few vegan options that they have on the menu(it was not even 6pm). We placed an order , the food came  and shortly thereafter so did 40-50 people on a bar crawl. They were expected!Why would you seat people for dinner at the bar when you know this crowd is coming???People were crowded around the bar to get drinks. We were trying to eat dinner and could not even hear each other. The food ,except for the soup ,was mediocre. After at least 25 minutes we were offered a table in the back. By this time we were finished eating(did not eat more than 1/2 of the food). We declined the move and asked for the check. The bartender  again asked if we wanted to finish the meal in the back.We told him that if we had know about the crowd that they were expecting,we would have taken the table in the back when we arrived but were were done eating . He  brought the bill and made a condescending remark.He was very rude and the bill was $80.00 !
I paid the bill and will NEVER go back to this place again!I recently moved to the area and am so pleased that my realtor reccomended sowe as my go to neighborhood spot. I not only enjoyed dinner with my family to celebrate mom's bday but also returned for brunch 2 days in a row. First off...any sceptisisms that I had were instantly taken away by the delicious food I enjoyed. I highly reccomend the buffalo shrimp, artisan cheese board, grilled cheese. For brunch I enjoyed the eggs crabcake Benedict,  beignets with caramel and bacon(Omg!), and the sowe bacon crusted bloody mary soothed my mood for the day I had to endure unpacking a house full of belongings.
     I felt compelled to write this review after reading the offensive statements written by a seemingly judgemental "Jerry" who seems like a real bitch. TAWNEY..(GET it right people...not Tony) was attentive and polite...and in no way represented the homeless man that. JERRY conveyed. I don't know who his guerilla description was referring to? He must have been commenting on steF the bartender with the bounty hunter comment..I found her sexy curves and brawl more akin to a sassy pin up girl,  so again...Jerry...you are a bitch. To date so far,  Evan is my favorite...he not only is a seasoned server but has the gift for gab and a sense of humor that could make you fall off your seat.
  All in all...I cant wait for brunch this weekend and plan on going back Monday nite as well for their half priced wine bottle special. Hooked on SoWe! SooooooWeeeeee!Two stars is really what SoWe deserves. I just wasn't too impressed with the overall restaurant. I went this morning for brunch and my friend and I both ordered the omelet. Although it was good it was nothing spectacular. We also ordered the bottomless mimosas and I was a little bit annoyed with the waiters question. He asked us if we would be ordering more than 3, which made it seem as if we had some limit but maybe I just interpreted it wrong. When the bill came I was a bit shocked by the amount that all of this cost.  It was definitely overpriced.My final complaint was that there were a couple of flies flying around the room throuhgout the whole meal, which was itrritating and gross.  I don't think that I'll be returning.So, tried it again and not a good place. Knowing that the first few weeks of a restaurant's life is a rough road, my partner and i tried this place again with the same miserable results.
We arrived at 3:15 on a Sunday. With a limited bar menu, we were told that in 45 mins, the full dinner menu would be available. We were seated with both the bar menu and dinner menu since we were told the switch would be happening soon. We appreciated knowing ahead of time and decided to have a few beers, nosh off of the bar menu and wait until 4 to order our main meal. We ordered the spicy crispy chick peas, the Mac and cheese, and the deviled eggs. The chick peas were interesting and would be better "sold" as bar peanuts and NOT a "small plate" for way too much money. The Mac and cheese was good- will give them a star for that. The deviled egg was also good BUT the menu said eggs, which would leave you to think the order came with AT LEAST two eggs but no, it was just one lousy egg, cut in half and served on a humongous plate.
While we were eating the mediocre small plates, we had the pleasure of watching over half the staff hang out at the bar.
Finally at 4:15 we tried to order our main meal. It was at that time our server told us that the menu change wasn't happening until 5. An additional hour than what the owner told us when seating us. We ended up closing our check and once again heading to the Sidecar for an awesome meal without all of the craziness. 
As an update, the owner sent a note apologizing for our experience.  We're happy to hear they are listening to the feedback here and looking to improve.  We'll wait a bit for all of the kinks to be worked out and will try it again.IM SO SAD.  sowe had THE BEST vegan options in grad ho from the Moroccan seitan, to the tofu scramble - they even made me a custom bah mi with tofu on multiple occasions. 
the new menu looks very un-vegan-friendly. 
do me a favor and add a seitan steak option and a tofu scramble - would that kill you?Although we have had some sub par dinners at sowe last year, we had a fantastic dinner tonight and happy hour was great. I'm not sure if they are under new management or what, but they have definitely redeemed themselves! Our water Owen was very friendly and made sure we were okay and another waiter (didn't catch his name) brought our dogs a doggie ice cream treat that they loved!My date and I came here on a suggestion. We ordered the eggplant humus which was amazing! He ordered the seared tuna which was not really seared it was a little overcooked but good. I ordered the Gnudi which was very good. My only complaint was that we both felt like we were being rushed through our meal. The min we sat down we felt that we were being asked every five min to order something. We were on a second date and wanted time to talk and digest in between our app and main course. But other than that I would come back.Excellent service. Top notch food. The owner has yanked some great talent from other places around Philadelphia. I think if more people walked 1 block past sidecar, this would be the new brunch place. 
The bar staff knows their stuff. I have great experiences with the veteran staff, they make us come back.Stopped in for a quick bite and Stephanie took great care of us. She helped me select a beer (I am not a sophisticated beer drinker) and menu selections. Pulled pork sandwich was great, not saucy just like they do in North Carolina. Green Bean salad very tasty. Hubby had a burger that was delightful.  Mmmm. Pineapple bread pudding was delicious.  Hubby's oysters were super, 3 on ice, 3 fried. We will definitely be back, want to try watermelon with smoked sea salt....very intriguingI really wanted to LOVE this place,  but there's nothing terribly special about it.  I will agree with what others have said: it is WAY overpriced.  
I dropped a noodle on the table and my husband yelled at me that I had just thrown a dollar's worth of mac and cheese away. So, not cheap.
Also, our server didn't know jack about the beers on tap. Or beer in general.  When asked what the Dogfish head on tap was, she said "Dogfish head. its an IPA. " My husband (who is a self confessed beer snob) asked which one and she still insisted that it was just "Dogfish head beer." She didn't offer to check with the bartender (was it 60 minute? 90 minute? we never found out), either. Frustrating, but forgivable.
The burger was good and the chicken sandwich was as well.  Good, but not great.
What WAS great was the key lime tart. I will go back just to eat that. It was as good as my grandma's key lime pie. The best I've had in a really long time.
The hostess was very accommodating and friendly, and the food runner was excellent and helpful (even though it wasn't his job to be).
I'm hoping most of this is growing pains, because the joint has real potential. But either way, if they want to keep charging that kind of money, they're going to need to step up their game.SoWe's kitchen showed a lot of promise and thought towards presentation and concept during a recent brunch, but unfortunately what it offered on the plate failed to impress flavorwise. 
The clean digs and genial service suggest a good destination for a date, but the clearly overserved and obnoxiously loud group of day-drinking bros severely detracted from SoWe's otherwise solid ambiance. Maybe that's why most other diners chose to eat outdoors?
We ordered SoWe's vegan BLT (with a side of onion straws) and their fried chicken and biscuits. The latter did have great flavors; the subtly sweet and herbaceous maple-sage gravy paired well with the soft, salty biscuits. Unfortunately, the fried chicken had a tough texture without much crispiness, and its weight squashed the fluffy biscuits to flat pancakes. 
My companion's vegan BLT arrived on a wooden board with the onion straws served in a tiny fryer basket, definitely pleasing to the eye. To the tongue, the results lacked the same punch. We did not expect anything resembling pork belly goodness from tofu strips, but SoWe's bean curd had an oddly sour taste and a watery texture. The rest of the sandwich was uninteresting, I'd advise everyone to avoid this dish. Onion straws were properly fried and zesty at least.
Prices run rather high for brunch plates ($12-16) and portions lean smaller than at most places. As another reviewer mentioned, with so many great brunch options in the city, I see no reason to trek out to G-Ho for SoWe's food. If you're in the neighborhood, it'll do, but chances are there's a better place in closer proximity to you.Pretty good brunch. I had the caramelized banana French toast. The portion was gigantic for only $8. The bread stayed light and fluffy which is rare in french toast, but I really enjoyed it. It was filled with a  vanilla bean mascarpone cheese, which was not too sweet and just the right amount. The candied walnuts added the perfect crunch, all the ingredients were so good together, I didn't even add syrup. The "fresh squeezed " orange juice did come from a plastic gallon, but it was still pretty good. I'm looking forward to trying this place for lunch or dinner.I have mixed thoughts on SoWe... probably because my experiences here have been totally across the board.
I've come with my parents for lunch, and the service was quick and friendly and the food was served quickly. I came with a group of 5 of us, after making an opentable reservation for 9pm on a Saturday evening...and didn't get seated until 9:45pm. The hostesses reasoning was that opentable doesnt take into account for people lingered... umm obviously. Why are you on opentable if you can't judge how long a normal dining time at your own restaurant should take? 
Recently we came for their 1 year birthday party...which started off just fine. We recieved 2 free drink tickets (good for a certain beer, wine and "adult" milkshake) and 3 free food items. We decided to start with paying for a few drinks and enjoy the HH specials, so we posted up at the bar. We used the free drink tickets later in the night (closer to 8pm) and the bartender's attitude with us completely changed. They ran out of the beer for free, which is fine, but the bartender snapped at a member of our party who asked for it. I asked for the adult milkshake, and i got 1/8 of the amount in my glass that anyone else he was pouring did.  
I understand it did get hectic, but considering we were sitting there as paying customers, the attitude we received from the bartenders was just rude.First, it's January. Can we get rid of the fruit flies? 
So I took my mom here a few months ago when she visited Philly and she really enjoyed it. I thought the food and over all experience were pretty good, but maybe I was swayed by her childlike enthusiasm for dining al fresco on the streets of a major American city. Fast forward to this evening. Beer wise the draught selection was ok. There was lager, and then there were several microbrews of differing stripes. The beer was generally reasonably priced, and they were even selling a strong double ipa for 5.25, served in a pint glass instead of the typical tulip. Also, if anyone wants to ask them to revise their beer menu, the 21st Amendment Bitter American, has almost half of the alcohol as advertised on the menu (4.4 as opposed to 9.5).. Then came the food. i ordered the pork belly pastrami sandwich, expecting it to be a different take on the typical Reuben. It was different, but not in a good way. The pork was dry and in huge chunks, rather than at least sliced a little thin. The fries were good but the aioli was think and lacking in flavor. My friend ordered the chicken sandwich, which came to her raw. The server was very gracious about taking it back, and brought my friend a new sandwich that did not have a salmonella center. She said the replacement  was good, but wrapped it up after eating a quarter of it. Finally, my wife, who loves macaroni and cheese, ordered Sowe's mac and cheese, and is now, as I write this, cooking Annie's mac and cheese. 
In summation, I don't have a lot of restaurants by my house and really wanted to like Sowe. However, I do not think I will be back there again, Unless my mom really insists we go there (she won't).
OH by the way I forgot we also ordered the brussels sprout appetizer. It was basically some chopped bell peppers on top of brusslels sprouts which tasted like they were liberally doused in the brown sauce from the chinese food place across the way.
This restaurant gets two stars only for the early aughts sound track that was playing. I love dishwalla.Another spot that gets it right.  It doesn't try too hard and seemingly fits nicely into the neighborhood.  We had a late lunch here, the burger and hummus plate were ultra tasty.  We chatted over a few rounds of beers, never having too much trouble with such a well-rounded selection. Even though this was an in-between meeting ground between us and friends, I could see returning here often if it were my local spot.Love this place. They have great happy hour specials and a solid menu. The bartenders are pleasant and the music is good too!one word...AMAZING. Brunch is one of my favorites and this place tops my list so far in the philly area.  Cannot say enough about the service, food, pricing or atmosphere.  Truly enjoyed the beignets and mascarpone stuffed french toast.  The server was extremely friendly and took the time to visit with us while offering her honest suggestions/opinions about the menu and answered all our questions. Will definitely be back soon!How can you not love a place that writes their specials on a pig-shaped chalkboard??
SoWe has some great food at an OK bar.  I came here for a late dinner on a Friday night recently.  The food was fantastic.  We ordered the Brussel Sprouts, Sweet Po Fries, Fish Tacos, and the SoWe Burger.  The burger was absolutely delicious, I would have to order it again.  The fries that came with the burger were great too.  
We had two cocktails which were really interesting and refreshing.  One came with dried cranberries and ginger, and the other with cucumber.  With that being said, the draft list was a little unimpressive and the bar "scene" was almost dead.  It was a nice break though from the normal crowded bars.
So, come here for the food, it's a great neighborhood spot.  I'd like to try brunch next!!we loved this place.  looked at the menu before we went and loved all of the choices.  upon arrival the waiter suggested his favorite drink the "918" .  it was delicious!  we ordered the brussel sprouts for an app and the burger and fish and chips for dinner.  all were suggested by the waiter.  all were great.  an adorable place in town crowded but not too noisy.  just great homey delicious food, great atmosphere and loved the music.  can't wait to go back!SoWe (n.): an establishment somewhere in somewhere in the maze of South Philadelphia that embodies an elegant British flair and seems to embrace an ode to bacon in its menu*
In the style of modern all-wood Euro-American taverns, SoWe provides its diners with an ambience of elegance and bucolic charm. It's a comfortable restaurant to bring Mom too, eat out with your lady friends or woo a first date with. And as such, SoWe offers a menu that compliments its multi-purpose philosophy.
The Hoisin Glazed Pork Belly sandwich is a slightly sweet, deliciously fatty (but not in that chewy awful sort of way) triglyceride treat. Accompanied by fries, this meal shams all hamburgers (it is, after all, served on a bun) by (thankfully) eschewing the philosophy that pork belly must only be enjoyed in small doses. 
But everything else is less than memorable. A few days from your meal, and you'll wonder what else you ordered. Perhaps it was a flatbread? Or chickpeas? Or something. You'll remember that it was good, but beyond that, you'll be lost.
*Influenced by the SoWe websiteThe food was REALLY good, and really well priced.  BUT they forget to give me my discount for checking in here.  Make sure you check your bill!!There was a lovely full moon this Wednesday so sitting outside was beautiful, however the food and the service were considerable less splendid.  Our waitress was a middle age woman who had the demeanor of a USAir stewardess who should have turned in her wings.  The food came out very slowly and the waitress gave no explanation but just continued to ask us if we wanted to order more drinks.  There are too many wonderful places to dine in Philadelphia so there is no reason to settle for SoWe.I have been to SOWE several times now, and I enjoy it as an alternative to sidecar, I still enjoy sidecar but I love the face that I can get a good glass of wine since I am not a beer drinker.
I have tried several of their reds and whites and they have a nice variety of wine.
On the appetizer menu I have tried the tuna ceviche delish and different it is chunks vs a dice... I would have it again in a heartbeat. The mac and cheese isn't mine but it is yummy and I love a great cheese board which they have. Their soups have been great too.
Mains I have had the burger it was good not the best burger I have had but far from the worst burger and I would order it again in a heartbeat. I had the chopped salad and truly I am not a fan of chopped salads in general so overall good but not a go to for me. I have tried the grilled cheese yummy although the apple slices could be a little thinner the flavor is great, Chicken paillard is a grilled chicken solid sandwich, the pork belly sammie is fantastic unique sandwich. 
Out of the large plates we have only had the ricotta gnudi which came with a ton of morels... so if you are a fan of the fungus you will love it!
Desserts I haven't met one I didn't like yet... cupcakes are great the truffles are an amazing share plate.
Staff has always been friendly, timely, courteous and great with us mind you we have stopped in for drinks and desserts aside from going for a meal. Since we are a block or so away it is good to stop in and have a drink or meet friends and it is new and shiny so we have been wearing a little of the shine off.
As for the pricing I don't think it is that bad happy hour wine for $5, 6-10 for appetizers and the burger is $11 with fries or a salad... so expensive compared to happy hour at McDonalds maybe... but I spend just as much at pub and kitchen, meritage, Vintage, Tria, aKitchen or another decent place including sidecar.I've been here for both brunch and dinner, so I'll discuss both.  
I think their brunch is fabulous.  I had the stuffed french toast and my husband had the biscuits and gravy.  Both were delightful, and they seated us outside in order to better accommodate our 1 year old daughter and her stroller.  There were lots of other families as well (it was mother's day).  The coffee was good, and the service was quick and the waitress was nice.  
We went back a few weeks later sans baby for dinner for our anniversary.  Their happy hour is very reasonable, and my husband and I managed to get all of our beer and apps from the happy hour menu, making our final bill much less than we thought.  I wasn't impressed with any of the food we had, and after looking up the menu while writing this review, it seems as though they've removed two of the three dishes we had that evening, so maybe other people also commented on how lackluster they were.  The whole place seems to be really into bacon (which I am ALL for), but the idea is better than the final execution.  The bacon beignets were served in a little basket, but all of the bacon and sauce were on the bottom so we really didn't get the full idea of a bacon beignet with caramelized sugar and bacon.  The place is still relatively new, so I'd go back to see if dinner has gotten any better, but I would definitely return for brunch.I have always wanted to go here since it is literally on the corner of my block.  One the day we went they were having a trivia challenge, so maybe that is the reason for the awful service.  Hopefully that is the reason I waited 15 minutes before I had to go and look for someone to get a menu.  5 minutes later we get an apology and water.  10 minutes go by and nothing.  I had to go looking for someone AGAIN!!  We ordered the Pork Belly sandwich and it was WAY too sweet.  I could hardly taste the fatty goodness of the pork belly.  YUCK.  The grilled cheese was a little better, but again overly sweet with the fig jam.  Needless to say..we will not be back.  Love the convenience, hate everything else.Big fans of the new menu and new chef. The Pork Belly sandwich is great and the happy hour food specials make it worth the trip for sure. The sliders are another great addition to the menu. 
We sort of cooled on SoWe after the shine of having a new restaurant a block away wore off. It became a struggle to find something I wanted to order. With the new menu (and to a slightly lesser extent the nearly completely new staff) SoWe has come around for us. Keep up the good work guys!I went to SoWe with a group of people after the Philadelphia Marathon. They were kind to seat us all together but our server seemed a little overwhelmed by our group of ten. 
They then ran out of champagne three rounds into our 'bottomless' mimosas. I really wanted to give this place at least four stars. They did offer us bloody mary's but I am not a fan. The brunch was just meh. Won't be going back.The fried chicken entree was good, as were the pork ribs.  The chocolate bacon martini was to die for, definitely get one.  I also had a sidecar, which was well made and delicious.  We got the red velvet for dessert and was terrible.  Don't get it, and they really need to take it off the menu.  It was too dense and didn't taste like red velvet.
The place is cute and small, with an intimate, neighborhood feel.  Service was good and I would definitely be back to try other items on the menu.Came here recently for brunch and it was fantastic. Solid bloody marys and beer selection. The breakfast flatbread was tasty, and am eager to try the fried pork n waffles dish.  Will be returning again soon.So, We (as in the group I dined here with), won't be returning again soon to eat. Unfortunately no one at our table enjoyed their meals.. They were quite small, a bit pricy for what you received, and not very flavorful.
I like the atmosphere at SoWe though. It is cozy and comfortable; a great neighborhood bar to walk to. The bartender, Sterling, was excellent! I will return for a drink and a chat with him again soon. I'm sure at some point I will give this place another chance for fare, but I sure won't be rushing back to do so. The menu could also use a few more options.I had an AMAZE BALLS brunch here! 
Just thinking about it is exciting! So my wife and I shared the carrot cake waffle and the crab cake benedict. Wow! They were both spectacular!
Carrot cake waffle: What! That was my first time delighting in such a delish recipe. It, of course, tasted like carrot cake- which I love. The texture of the waffle was perfect. I can't imagine going to this restaurant and not ordering this.
Crab Cake Benedict: This was the best benedict I have, hmmm, probably ever had. It was served over friend green tomatoes ( love). So much better than over an English muffin or biscuit (boring). The crab and the tomato- perfection. 
We also had the bacon beignets. They were super good. 
The waitress ( average service) told us that we ordered the best things on the menu- I am certain that she was right. My friend ordered the breakfast flatbread and said it was okay. I didn't even bother tasting it.
I will go back and I will order the same thing because it was beyond good. My 5 star rating is based on 3 items on the brunch menu- so keep that in mind.In an attempt to patronize our neighborhood restaurants more, we made reservations at SoWe on a Sunday evening. We got a table in the back room but there was one other table so we didn't feel isolated. The whole place is pretty small which gives it a nice neighborhood feel. Our server was over-the-top friendly and gave us several recommendations. We were pretty impressed with their bar menu and both ordered one of their specialty cocktails which were great.  For dinner, my girlfriend ordered the special (a coconut inspired fish dish) and I ordered the SoWe burger.  We both enjoyed our meals and agreed we'd be back for more.
A few weeks later we came back to watch the Oscars in their bar area. We ordered drinks and split an order of sweet potato fries. The food, drinks, and service were great on our second visit as well. When they made me a gin martini instead of a vodka martini they didn't give me a hard time about making me a new drink. They even had a contest going as to who could guess the most Oscar winners. Their was a prize but we didn't win. They also told us that they often have weekly movie nights so we'll be back again soon.Interesting beers, healthy menu choices, nice atmosphere.  Will have to go here more to make a better judgement, but seems like a good new spot to go in G-Ho.We finally made our way to this place in the past month, used to enjoy DIVAN when it was in this space before. The three of us were all very satisfied with our food there and will be happy to go back again! 
 - The soup of the day was a tomato bisque think, the other 2 got it) and we excellent, I tried to little and would have been very happy with it. 
- I got the chopped salad as my starter - was WONDERFUL. Very fresh, lots of different ingredients. Could have made a meal out of this salad and maybe a/the soup :)
- I got their :house"  burger which was very tasty,  fries were good too!
- Other two got their corned beef sandwich (rated excellent) and Braised Short ribs (has some myself - EXCELLENT!)
The service was great, our server was nice, friendly and attentive.
Glad to see the place doing well!Interesting location, not near much of anything that we had ever been to before.  Maybe for that reason, and maybe because it was a weekday afternoon, on-street parking was easy.  Friendly service, good food, decent prices.  Good vegetarian options.  My pork spare ribs were not bad (too heavy for a summertime lunch--my fault), but the slightly charred "Hoppin' John" underneath was outstanding.  I wish I could have ordered a plateful of that!
If there weren't so many other places to try, we would probably come back here pretty soon.So I found this little South Philly gem when I was searching for a decent place to take my best friend for a birthday lunch. I turned to OpenTable and was instantly reminded that Philly doesn't have the most extensive sit-down lunch options as many people aren't open after 2:30 or before 4. 
We were the only people there at 2:30, but we gave the kitchen something to do. I think between the two of us, we ordered 6 plates of food since everything sounded great, and slurped down at least a half dozen killer Bloody Marys (SOLID BM's!!!! That's really all I need).
The buffalo shrimp: AWESOME, meaty, crispy, juicy, with just the right amount of kick
The mussels: big, meaty, AWESOME broth
The grilled caesar: smokey, creamy, crabby, AWESOME
The BE&C: breakfast. Beautiful breakfast. 
Something I forgot: It was good....because I know I loved everything we got...but maybe I loved it a little less than the others since I don't remember. 
The beignets: fluffy, cinnamony, caramel goodness....perfect substitute for a birthday cake. 
I was pleasantly surprised with this (yep, I'm doing it....) AWESOME little bar. Definitely try it out. I'd go back just for the grilled caesar and the Bloody Mary.My boyfriend and I have been to this place twice in one week.  We went to SoWe during their soft opening, just a day before their grand opening.  We had a couple of drinks and shared both the seafood caesar salad and chicken sandwich.  Both were very good.  Tonight we went back to the bar and got drinks and split the wings and the burger.  Personally, I didn't love the wings as one of the reviewers mentioned below, they are not the traditional wings one is accustomed to.  The burger, however, was excellent.
Overall, this is a great addition to the neighborhood and much better than Divan in terms of service and cost.  The food is comparable in terms of quality (I was a big fan of Divan's food).  My only complaint is the price for a neighborhood bar; for two, the cheapest we walked out of there was $75 and we got two drinks each and split and an app and entree.  SideCar is much more economical but it is always packed and doesn't have as good of a wine list as SoWe.  SoWe has a decent beer list but I do not think it compares to SideCar.Best Eggs Benedict I've found in the city...instead of the traditional English muffin and ham, SoWe makes their EB with a fried green tomato and a crab cake. I've had delicious variations of bennys, but this was incredible. It was very well executed, as the poached egg was cooked perfectly. The Benny was topped with a mustard seed hollandaise sauce. Yum! 
It just so happens this place is a block from my house, but I would make the trip even if it wasn't!! A few things I noticed were the attentive servers/staff, the affordable prices, and the quaint ambiance. I'm looking forward to going back again! 
Plus, they are starting quizzo on Tuesdays!! Don't judge me.Get the burger, Get the burger and get the burger. Did I say get the burger? It is amazing. I cant really comment on the drink specials or how many drunk yuppie grad hospital chicks frequent this place. I can tell you this however, the food was good and that's what matters to me. I sat outside but have been inside. I can say the place lacks a vibe, but what do you expect with sidecar a block away. They are trying to be a little different than Sidecar which I respect, but I think with good food as a foundation they will be alright.Excellent brunch. Reasonable prices and a lot of taste. One of the best, most flavorful omelettes I've had in a long time. Great neighborhood addition!I made it to Sowe for oysters on a Tuesday night.  They are only $1 and the special pretty much lasts the entire evening.  The oysters were good, definitely comparable to Oyster House, and you can get them raw or fried.  They were dressed really nicely with mignonette, although I would have liked some horseradish and cocktail sauce.  Lots of things on the menu looked good, but everything is maybe $2 overpriced, especially the drinks.  We sat at the bar, and the bartender was very friendly and attentive.  I'll be back to check out brunch.Tried to go here on a Sunday for brunch around 2pm.  No one greeted us by the door.  After 10 min we walked in to find someone.   A server told us that they weren't seating bc the kitchen was over an hour behind in orders.  This new place needs to get it together.We went there to have lunch excited to eat there for the first time. They had a banner outside that said they are now doing Lunch starting at 11:30. We got there at 11:50 and went inside the waiter working told us that they weren't open yet with a huge attitude. We sat outside waiting for them to open. Finally someone came out and told us that they were open. No one came out to greet us or give us menus. Another couple was waiting as well. We went inside to peek at the the specials from the door and the waiter yelled at us not to leave the door open. When telling the waiter that we changed our mind because we thought he was rude, he came out after us yelling at us. It was very disappointing. They treated us like children. Sadly I will never return there.This is a new neighborhood spot in G-Ho, one block from the already quite popular and well reviewed Sidecar. I was a little nervous for their sake that they were one block away from there since Sidecar is really the go-to Graduate Hospital spot, but alas I was quite surprised. This little place does have a lot different vibe, atmosphere, and offerings than the Sidecar, and what a welcome addition to the neighborhood it will be.
First off-yes this place is in its first full week of business. This weekend was their first weekend, and first brunch, and with that being said, i think they definitely have a few things to iron out, but are off to a great start. I will be happy to update the review in a couple of months to be more fair.
The Service: On a Saturday night around 6pm, there was no trouble getting in and getting seated right away. Our waiter Evan was AWESOME and I loved his attitude and attentiveness. He didn't know absolutely everything about the menu but made a really good effort to find out if we had any other questions that he couldn't answer. The bartender was also very attentive in that she double-checked an order since it was kind of a "custom" request on a classic drink. The owners were both happy to talk to us extensively and were really excited about the place and willing to take recommendations and listen to our thoughts/opinions about some of the dishes. 
The Food: We ordered a bunch of small plates/appetizers. The grilled wings had a really nice spice to them, and the Sriracha based sauce on the side was wonderful. It was spicy, sweet, and tangy, and was great that it was on the side if you happen to be dining with a "no spice" kinda person. The mac and cheese is awesome, and the special for that evening, the chips and pico/guac were house made and perfectly done.
I was SO excited to see that the dessert menu is EXTENSIVE! And delicious!! When I saw many an item on the dessert list I said "yes please" and ordered double dessert. I had to. The red velvet cupcake was awesome, and the shortcake had a great flavor.
The Drinks: I am happy to see they have a cocktail list (one of the items that makes them different from Sidecar). During brunch I tried the SoWe Bloody Mary which is made with bacon vodka and a bacon bits crusted rim... it is AMAZING, and worth the little extra that is costs. The beer list was good: decent bottle selection. The tap list was just OK, but again this isn't the craft beer place in the neighborhood. The owners/waiters need to be made aware that they can't just list the brewery on the blackboard for their tap list. And the waiters seemed confused when we asked "which kind" of Great Lakes they had. "Just Great Lakes" is not an answer. I realize this makes me sound like a beer snob but come on. I hope this gets ironed out. 
The Brunch: We went for the brunch on Sunday morning, which was only their second day of brunch ever, so I wasn't too upset that it didn't go all that smoothly. Our service experience this time was sub par, our waitress just did not care and did not provide good service. They were out of the top menu items, which was a huge disappointment after they had been recommended to me the previous night (crab cake eggs Benedict served over fried green tomato!?). But like I said, I can see how they'd be ironing things out with brunch being that this was only their second day.
Overall, this place has a lot of potential and I'll be looking forward to going back for entrees and more cocktails.Love this place!  My Wife and i have been coming here since they opened last April.  Food is awesome, decor is cool and the staff are super friendly.  My favorite menu item is a toss up between the Chicken Pillard and the Pork Belly Pastrami.  Great beer selections and beer specials every night.  Brunch there is delicious!  Bottmless Mimosa's and Bloddy Marys.  Not to mention the Cinnamon Beignets, they are a must if you go.It's ok. The decor sucked. The food was pretty tasty, but not priced the same on the bull as on the board and paper. 45 minutes we were there and we  rack up a 200$ bill. No thank you or come back again. Just very in and out.Great place to grab a bite and watch a sports game or talk with friends. Like other reviewers, I wish the wait staff knew the beers better but still it works. Sat down quickly and easily. I've been twice - once as a party of 5 and once with just my girlfriend, and we didn't have to wait more than 5 minutes either time.This place doesn't get enough credit. I think it's overshadowed by Sidecar (which is understandable because Sidecar is great). 
I ordered a burger with egg and cheddar. Once of the better burgers I've ever had. I like them rare, and it came out nice and juicy. We also shared a salad and soup, which were both excellent. 
We'll be going back--and not only when Sidecar and Resurrection are fullWant a place that allows Sunday brunch reservations for a large group? This is the place to go and I am thankful for the Yelp info that helped me to find out this place.
I had a party of 15 for brunch and needed a place that would work for us. SoWe set us up with our own room and were very helpful with their service.  Our server did a great job taking care of our Bottemless Mimosas ($16/person) and gave us a great breakdown on the food menu. I ended up going with the really tasty Kentucky Brown dish, which was an amazing collection of hash browns, bacons and gravy! Tasty!
For a brunch at 10am, it was also nice to not have to deal with crowds or a crazy long line to get in.  The place didn't really fill up till 11am, so its good to know that this place is still an under the radar place and a great fit for a group brunch.I made a reservation here for my birthday yesterday for 10 people. They said they could accommodate us. The person on the phone was so courteous and even offered to make a note to split the checks. Talk about service and convenience! When I make large group reservations, I always like to call ahead the day of to make sure everything is still okay, and they assured that it was. 
It was to my surprise when I showed up that the table was missing THREE spots. I was not the first to arrive, but I was told that they never intended on fitting 10 people in one area. I'm confused why they seemed like it was fine over the phone. 
I chose SoWe because they had a diverse brunch menu. Everyone seemed to be okay with what they got, but it was much more average than I expected. I got the fried chicken and biscuits with sausage gravy. The chicken was a little oversalted but juicy, and the gravy was not quite flavorful enough. A couple people got the crab and asparagus omelette which had no complaints. One friend got the PBJ pancakes and really enjoyed them. 
The service throughout the meal was spotless. Brunch cocktails and waters were always kept full. The checks did come split up perfectly, so it saved us a lot of hassle. The weather was great and the doors were kept open; there was lots of light coming in, so the ambiance was very nice. I'm not completely deterred by SoWe, so maybe I'll try another time with fewer people and no occasion.Came in for drinks last night and the cocktails were good and the bartender was friendly and on point.  I'm not sure how much rennovation they did from when it was Divan, but I liked the exposed brick and the pig chalkboard.  The wall sconces and these swirly wall decorations in the back, however, were a bit tacky.  I like the spacious feel of the bar and it's a great addition to the GHO area which is lacking in bars.
At 11PM they were switching over to the late-night menu, which was fine since my friends and I only wanted some snacks.  We decided on the wings, which to my disappointment, were not the traditional buffalo wings I was hoping for.  Instead, they were these tiny, grilled, dry rubbed wings, which I am not a fan of.  At 10 bucks for 8 tiny wings, it seemed a bit overpriced.  We also got the sweet potato fries, which were decent but it was kind of a small portion. 
Everyone at the bar also seemed like they either worked there or were friends of people that worked there, which is fine, until you feel like you're drinking in a used car lot.  One of the patrons interjected into my conversation that the buffalo shrimp was sooo good.  I like a good suggestion when I'm deciding what to get or I ask, but I didn't and we were talking about something totally unrelated and we had already ordered.  Then another waittress/patron came over to try to sell us on the place.  First she told us how amaaazing the bar is.  Ok, let me experience this for myself.  I'm here, aren't I?  Then she said that they would be offering an AMAZING brunch soon...  Oh, what's going to be so amazing about the brunch?  Oh, we will have really innovative dishes such as creme brulee stuffed french toast.  Where have you EVER heard of something so innovative before?  Um, actually everywhere I thought.  Ever hear of Cafe Lift?  Sabrinas?  Green Eggs?  
Regardless, I will still be back for drinks.  It's close and they have a great list of cocktails and it'll be a nice switch up from Sidecar or 10 Stone.Meh. 
For a city that has a million fantastic brunch places, it doesn't leave that much room for medicore brunch venues. After being seated by our fun hostess, we waited for about 20 minutes. Our said-fun hostess was pretty much the end of the positive experience. At that point, a different server came and asked if we had even been greeted - she apologized, and finally brought us some water. By the time that our actual server arrived, we were ready to order our whole meal. It was only after we asked about drinks that she told us about the bottomless mimosas/bloody marys. We each ordered a bloody mary to taste, and it was also 'meh.' - definitely not worth getting for the 'endless' option.
Food was ok, I don't even really remember what we ordered because it was mostly disappointing. For the quality of over-priced food and lack of service, I don't think we will be returning at all. Sorry not sorry, SoWe!I came here for Yelp brunch club last week ,and I was pretty happy with my experience! 
1. $16 for unlimited bloody marys/mimosas at brunch. I stuck with bloodies - and they were actually really well made! Not just a crappy mix thrown into a glass.
2. I split the hot brown and the crab asparagus omelette. The omelette was not the best thing in the world re: flavors, but well made - and the flavor profile was just not my favorite thing. There was nothing wrong with it. Came with potatoes and toast. The hot brown was delicious, but there is no way I could have eaten the whole thing, because the french toast was really sweet. Again - just too sweet for me, everyone else seemed to love it.
3. They took awesome care of our large group.  We had reservations, and I managed to get the time wrong and be late by 45 minutes - but they didn't even bat an eyelash. I never waited on another bloody mary either. Superb.SoWe has all the pieces to be a great brunch and gastropub. Unfortunately the service here is lackluster at best.
The people here are super-friendly and accommodating. They have nice outdoor seating and are pet-friendly. 
However, the servers are disorganized, scatter-brained, and slow as sh*t.... 2 hours for brunch is ridiculous, especially when there are so many good brunch spots in Philly.
The food is great (pork belly sandwich, crab cake benedict, fried chicken & biscuits), but again the food takes forever to come out.
However, if you want to take your time and drink a lot while you wait for food to arrive, SoWe is the spot for you. Hopefully they get their act together and get a manager who can run a kitchen & wait staff.Ok, the reason it gets one star (not my typical review approach) was that I tried to go here (the third night it was open) and the owners/managers/hostess had no idea what was going on.  After telling about 10 different employees the number in my party, which was only 3, and overhearing the conversations amongst the 10 different people made me realize that they still need to figure out "their system".  Unfortunately, there were 7 open tables but we were told the wait was going to be 45 minutes.  At that point, frustration set in and we went to the Sidecar (never fails).  Also, as we were trying to find out what the situation was with our table, a two-top outside came in to pay their check and leave because no one had come by to take their food order for over 35 mins.  I think I'm going to wait to try this place once they've had a chance to work out the kinks.Terrible pretentious bartender with zero beer knowledge and mid level.  If you're in the neighborhood, just walk the extra block north and go the the Sidecar, it's everything this place wishes it was, and cheaper with better food and an informed staff.Met a friend for Buck a Shuck night and the oysters were excellent - fresh and good sized. The bottle beer list seems expensive, but a pint of Stone IPA was only 5.25 and the special was $2 PBR cans, a fun throwback to high school/college. The atmosphere is nice , with lots of windows, but not too formal/trendy. The staff was friendly and the mac and cheese is up to Philly standards.Just got home from brunch at SoWe. It was delicious. I have eaten there a few times but this was my first brunch. I had the eggs Benedict which is one of my favorite dishes and they didn't disappoint. The staff is always friendly and the place is so comfortable.   Learned that they will have heat lamps into the cold weather so we will continue to be able to eat outside.Omg I love sowe - they have great food! Great vegan options, tofu scramble, vegan Ruben, seitan wrap, and very good signature cocktails.  This place is a teeny bit higher end (read: more expensive) than many in the neighborhood but is the only sufficient place to get a proper vegan meal vs sidecar, resurrection, grace and so on.  The cocktails are by far the best and the wine list is good.  
Thanks sowe for being  a block away from my house!  I'm fat and poor thanks to your delish vegan options and tremendous drinks!I really want to like SoWe.  It's extremely convenient (to me) in a neighborhood that is lacking options when it comes to dining. Every time I try to enjoy it, however, I am underwhelmed and disappointed. Since I do want good things for it, I've tried going on many occasions, with the same result every time.  The staff is pleasant and friendly surely, but the atmosphere and food are missing flavor.  The kitchen is in the basement, but it seems like its in a different building, in a different neighborhood, because it takes forever to get anything to the table regardless of how simple (we ordered a bowl of soup last night and it was the final item to arrive).  I'm not sure if this is an intentional ploy so we'll have more time to order from the bar, but if it is, I like it even less; just bring me my food please.  I feel like this place could benefit from some proper management, or any as I've never seen anyone acting in a managerial role. Lastly, they need to turn down the damn music; people are there to eat, drink and talk, not dance.  Well, not me, after the dozen times I've been there, I'm no longer going to eat, drink, talk, dance or do anything there.  I really want to like SoWe, but I just don't.  Too bad for a place that has so much potential.Really enjoyed the chicken tartine sandwich and the grilled wings. The wings themselves were a bit small, but they gave plenty so it was still a generous portion. Our ice cream sandwich was the best I've ever had. Chocolate pecan cookie with vanilla ice cream rolled in almonds. INCREDIBLE. Love the outdoor seating, and the servers are very friendly. Great spot!This place is dangerously convenient from my house so I've had a handful of experiences here. The problem is there has never been consistency with the service and/or the food. SoWe recently celebrated their 1 year birthday (and had a celebratory party which was a disaster for too many reasons to list) so I don't buy the "growing pains" anymore. With such a centralized graduate hospital location it's a shame this place can never be on the same page.
I will say the pork belly sandwich I had recently was a 5 star item. So much flavor and the herb salad was a fantasy complement. But this is after the previous time my medium burger came out well done and a over a half hour later. In my experiences the fries have always been crispy and seasoned well though. I'm not sure what's going on behind the scenes but during a happy hour recently a bartender was giving my friend unprovoked lip, not cool. See a common theme here?
I really want to like this place and if I could trust it, I would be spending a lot more time here. But for now when I have people over that want to go out and grab a quick local bite I'll take the extra time to walk somewhere I can get the experience I'm expecting.I really like SoWe. It's a super cozy spot and the staff is always friendly and helpful. I really like that they have a good variety of drinks to please everyone - I don't like beer, so I like that they offer a wide variety of wine and cocktails, in addition to a decent beer list. Something for everyone! My problem is with certain inconsistencies. I've gone three times over the past few weeks, and last week we were told Happy Hour is 20% off the entire menu, including food. Yesterday, we were told it's only drinks, not food. Also yesterday, I saw a little card on the table that said "Monday - Start your week off right with 50% off cocktails." I asked our server about it and he said he'd never heard of that special before, but maybe it's new and he'd honor it for specialty cocktails. I was about to order and he came back out and said that it's actually only on ONE cocktail that they choose, which last night was a rum runner. 50% off cocktailS (with an S) does not imply 1 cocktail of their choosing. Lastly, our wings last night just weren't good. One of them was so charred black I can't believe they even put it on the plate. Last time I had them, the wings were SO GOOD! I don't know what changed, but these were far different. On a more positive note, the babaganoush was delish and my friend seemed to enjoy his burger. And their hot mulled wine is probably the best wintry drink I've ever had.
Overall, I really like SoWe and it's my go-to spot for drinks in the neighborhood. But I really think they need to get their staff on the same page as far as specials go. It's frustrating as a customer to be told different things each week, and for the offers to be entirely unclear.I ordered a beer that I had never heard of before, mostly because the menu showed that it was 9.5% abv, and I like trying new things (especially when those new things are heavy beers). What I received was a can of beer, with 4.4%abv clearly labeled on the side, no glass, and it cost me $8. Strike one.
My girlfriend got the carrot/paprika soup which I highly recommend. And she also got an LI Iced Tea, which she seemed to enjoy.
My seafood salad was so-so. It was definitely aesthetically pleasing, but not especially filling. For $16 I expected more food. Strike two...
She ordered the seared seitan and wild mushroom sandwich with fries. The fries were good, but the sandwich tasted like feet.
Strike out.
For what it's worth the decor was nice, and the staff was very friendly. But the food isn't great, the menu is misleading, and everything is over-priced.
Go to Sidecar instead.We stopped by SoWe for a late dinner and we will definitely be back! We had the opportunity to sit outside, which was great (though luckily we were able to move tables because we initially had a neighbor screaming obscenities at us. We ordered a glass of wine and cocktail (can't remember what the cocktail was, but I wasn't overly impressed by it). We enjoyed the grilled cheese and seafood Caesar. The seafood Caesar was awesome! Grilled romaine and a generous portion of crab and shrimp. While the portion wasn't huge (i.e. filling), the amount of seafood was excellent for the price ($17). The grilled cheese was good but I felt that the taste of bacon overwhelmed the other flavors and I would have preferred more of the fig jam. The fries on the side had great flavor but were pretty greasy (as if they hadn't been "drained" properly). The service was also excellent. The idea of mixed sliders seemed awesome, so I want to try that next time. Overall, we had a really enjoyable meal at SoWe and we will definitely be back soon!!I'm glad I gave Sowe a second chance after my first experience, which was just for drinks. We dipped in for a nightcap on the evening of the soft opening. We were seated at a high top near the bar that was only inches from the next high top. The place was super loud even though it wasn't packed. The acoustics definitely need to be softened somehow. Either everyone was screaming or it just sounded like they were. 
I chose the cheapest glass of wine on the menu, which was $9. Even Tria has glasses of wine less expensive than that. Meanwhile, several of the beers were also way overpriced (some have been adjusted since but they are still high for the neighborhood). Cocktails are all around $9, which is fine even if it isn't inexpensive. I left unimpressed.
Fast forward a couple weeks and we tried again for dinner. We were seated inside at one of the tables in front of the bar. It was close to 7, but we had missed happy hour, which is from 4-6pm. I'm not sure I know anyone other than myself - because I work from home - who could take advantage of this happy hour, anyway. 
Our server, Julian, was cheerful and helpful without being on top of us. One thing I noticed about the menu on this visit that I hadn't noticed before was that there are a few cocktails with calories listed. I ordered a Skinny Mo, which is a lighter version of a mojito. At first sip, it reminded me of a drink I'd get at an all-inclusive. It was made with Malibu rum, after all. But at a mere 51 calories per drink, I was just fine with the tropics. My companion's bloody Mary was made with bacon vodka and had a bacon rim - genius! Normally, I don't like bacon vodka but the kind they use didn't taste like rocket fuel. It just had a nice, subtle bacon flavor. 
For apps we went with the buffalo shrimp, which are served around a blue cheese and arugula salad. The shrimp preparation is comparable to shrimp pil pil, with a hint of heat but some sweetness. I'd like a little more buffalo flavor but they were still very good. We also had the mussels, which were in a somewhat heavy coconut broth. I prefer mussels marinara but anyone who likes this style would probably dig these. 
At the suggestion of Julian, I ordered the crab cake sliders as my main and the bf tried the duck. He was pleased with his entree and my sliders were very nice as well. The fries were especially delish, though I tried not to eat too many. Summer is coming. 
With two drinks, two apps and two mains (one from the sandwich side, one from the entree side), our total came to almost $100, before tip. Now, we normally don't order that much on a normal night but we did want to try an array of dishes. That said, while the food at Sowe is definitely good, I'd be hard pressed to spend that kind of cash on any given weeknight. I get that this place is not trying for a Sidecar or Grace Tavern vibe. But I still think the prices are way high when compared with similar neighborhood spots like Resurrection (which admittedly can get expensive as well), Pub & Kitchen and Rex. The product that Sowe puts out is most definitely worthy of four stars, but the prices keep them at three for now.I went here for the first time today and I am already a fan! I went for brunch and immediately took them up on the $16 unlimited mimosa deal. (a feature that I personally think should accompany EVERY brunch lol). 
We saw this place on the "United States of Bacon" on the Destination America Channel and knew that we had to come experience this "baconawesomeness". I ordered the Bacon Beignets, the PB&J pancakes w/ a side of bacon and also the Carrot Cake Waffle. 
I thoroughly enjoyed the Bacon Beignets, but was a little bummed that they'd temporarily run out of extra brown butter caramel bacon sauce as the amount that we were given did not suffice. Our server did bring us some of the sauce that they use for their wet nuts however, which I did appreciate. Better luck next time I guess! Either way, those things are worth the trip ALL BY THEMSELVES!!
I wound up sending back my Peanut Butter & Jelly pancakes, and I was so upset! They didn't seem "done" enough to me and tasted more like funnel cake than pancakes. The peanut butter mousse and raspberry coulis on top of them were awesome though which made it even more disappointing that the actual pancakes weren't good! Maybe I'll try it again some day and see if that one time was just a fluke. :shrugs:
After I sent the PB&J pancakes back to the kitchen, I ordered the Carrot Cake Waffle instead. These were sweet, decadent, and fragrant...BUT I wasn't overly in love with them.  I found that having nuts in the batter AND in the walnut cream cheese that came atop the waffles was simply too much. I'm not much of a fan for different textures in a single dish, so I found it distracting to have to crunch into nuts while chewing a nice, fluffy waffle and while smearing a tasty cream cheese concoction onto them. Of course I know that "regular" carrot cake has nuts in it ,but for whatever reason I assumed that they would skimp on the nuts somewhere in the dish. Guess I was wrong haha. It's not something that I'd order again, but they were by no means bad. My mom ordered the SoWe Burger which she says was good, and my cousin ordered the "Kentucky Brown" which was awesome!!!
The best thing about this place is that it's all about bacon lol.  So if ya love bacon, like I do, you'll be in good hands. Also, the service is great. The place is small, so all of the servers help each other's tables out, which I like. It shows that they put their guests first. :) All in all, while I wasn't extremely overjoyed about everything I personally ordered, everyone else's food was good so I can see myself making this place a normal go-to spot. It's cozy with a friendly atmosphere and the menu is much more than your typical eatery.