I've been to the restaurant for several times because one of my best friend lives close by the restaurant. The food prices are reasonable and very delicious. If I have to find a real Sichuan food to eat, this restaurant must be the first one to choose. Also, staffs are very friendly, especially the front desk girl. For someone who's looking for good Chinese dishes, gotta try this restaurant.Indeed a hidden treasure. My friends and I decided to check out Spicy Memory since we're huge fans of spicy food.  We grabbed the dry pepper style chicken, the cumin beef, and a fish+tofu dish which were absolutely heartwarming and delicious. The dishes incorporated a multitude of different spices leaving a fragrant and memorable taste. The service was also absolutely amazing. We were taken care of from start to finish with smiles from the whole staff throughout the evening. 
The best part... if you're a fan of bubble tea, look no further~ this place has a lovely selection to choose from :)A nice place to hangout with friends and family. One of my girlfriend really likes spicy food, so we choose here, Spicy Memory, of course! 
We ordered one appetizer, Chengdu Hot&Sour Glass noodle, which we order every time when we go to Chinese restaurants.I would say this is the best ever! We also had Dry Pot Frog, which you can't find at other places. Hot and Spicy Fresh sliced Fish, the fish is really fresh and I love it so much! We also had Picked vegetables and glass noodle, which is not spicy at all, still good though. BTW, my girlfriend also got a original bubble tea and she said she would just stop by to get a bubble tea! Lol
The staff are very friendly and the dishes were fast served, maybe because it's Sunday night. I would recommend this place to my friends and I'll definitely come back. Next time I wanna try the Hot Pot and I will come back to give reviews of it!Spicy Memory came recommended and I can see why. The menu offers variety, without being overwhelming, the food is delicious and the servings are generous. It was clean and there was no wait for a table a dinner. The boba milk tea was the best I've had. If you like spicy, like Szechuan style, or have heard about Spicy Memory it is definitely worth try.Stopped by for a quick meal when I was greeted by a young man named Quoc.  He was a great addition to my wonderful meal.  I ordered the Beijing style noodles and they were made to perfection.  
Other than the food, the ambiance is wonderful and made me feel very comfortable.
I will be returning again very soon for some other delicious items that were on the menu.I was originally going to eat at the Wendy's next door for lunch but decided against it when I smelled something amazing wafting through the air from this restaurant.  I decided to give this place a try and I'm so glad that I did.  I was greeted very warmly by a blonde haired waiter and proceeded to order 3 dishes because I'm a growing boy and only god can judge me.  Right off the bat I can say that the double cooked fish at this establishment is leaps and bounds better than the one at Han Dynasty.  It had the right amount of crispyness and the fish was very tender.  The other two dishes that I ordered were the crispy pork ribs w/ garlic and seafood and tofu w/ salted yolk.  Both dishes were phenomenal and I was pleasantly surprised by the seafood dish because I am usually not very keen on chinese seafood dishes but this one was very flavorful and light.  I definitely would have eaten everything if my stomach would have allowed for it but decided to get a doggie bag and once again the staff was very accommodating in the process.  I will return for dinner next time!First time here, and I ordered pickup dandan noodles and the chili chicken dish off the apps menu. 
No issues with pickup, as that was quick, and the person who completed my order was fine. 
However, the chicken chili dish was disgusting, and did not look the way it did on the website. On there is looked like tenders/strips of boneless chicken, but instead they give you a dish with much of the family, skin, and cartilage still on it. The flavor of the chili oil was fine and spicy, but I couldn't help but be grossed out by it. I hate throwing out food, but I think it's going in the garbage. 
The dandan noodles were on the sweet (peanut flavored) side, and pretty mild. Not what I was expecting, since I had something more like Han Dynasty's in mind. Overall though, I enjoyed the flavor. 
On the plus side, the portion size on the noodles was good, and the chicken was filled up in its bowl. However, if they were going to reduce the authenticity on something, I'd hope they'd fix the gross chicken.I am a vegetarian. Ordered vegetarian lo mein, but chicken lo mein was delivered. Dumplings were just okay.The food is okay, you can always eat these kinda food anywhere in Chinatown. It is really not that spicy as they named it; however, I do not like their service. The server acts so indifferent, and they did not pack the entire food for me when I required.Gone here a couple of times throughout the month. Their service is professional, timely, and consistent. The crispy chicken w/peanuts is a hit. Takeout is good as well as in dine-in service. Worth a visit in the winter months.Went to look for a quick lunch downtown after an errand and ran into this great place!
I was greeted by the lovely host and had wonderful service by my server Quoc. As a first timer, Quoc offered some great recommendations such as the crispy chicken with peanuts, dan dan noodles and double cooked fish. 
The place was pleasant and clean, the service was fast and on point. The food was amazing. Definitely coming back here again!This is gonna be a short review. I used to order from them a lot because believe it or not I had an extraordinarily tough time finding solid, Chinese delivery in Philly. I've ordered many of their chicken dishes and they are all well done and great tasting. Their chicken is a bit higher quality than average and I found their breaded dishes (general T's) to have a higher chicken to breading ratio. The reason for the 3 stars is that their prices are a bit outrageous. It's about 12-13 bucks for one of the meals so with delivery it's maybe a 40 dollar meal for two people. That being said, the portions are huge! The lack of egg rolls on their menu and the higher price made me continue my search for the best Chinese delivery in the area. Did I find a place? YeppersScallion pancakes and chili oil dumplings were great. 
Dan-dan noodles were ok. Maybe a little light on the chili oil for my taste - not quite as good as Handy or DanDan. 
Three cup chicken is a disaster though. They used bone-in chicken thighs that were cut up. So I was picking chicken bone fragments out of my teeth rather than enjoying the dish. Please use boneless thighs!We just had the most delicious dinner - my husband and I devoured the prawns with dry pepper, and my daughter, who is that maddening child who never wants to eat anything, had three (three!) helpings of orange chicken. High quality ingredients, lovely flavors. Thank you!!Delivery has a long way to go. This is the second time I have ordered delivery and both times took well over an hour. 
They did not include soy sauce or other sauces and the dishes need it. 
Dishes are expensive, no small orders. Dishes lack sauce and flavor. Dan Dan Noodles were bland, lacked sauce and flavor. 
Will not order form here again.We got takeout one night from Spicy Memory. They have tasty Szechuan dishes, which are up there, although probably not THE best in the city. I'd recommend.
Service was quick. Food was ready for pickup in about 15 minutes.
This review is for takeout only. I use ^ to indicate a half-star and * for a full star. So, **^ means 2.5 stars:
**** Dry pot fish: This is one of my fave Szechuan dishes & Spicy Memory does it fairly well. Along with the fish, there are veggies: bamboo, lotus root, peppers, onions.
**** Hot sauce fish: This was also a pretty good rendition of a traditional Szechuan dish. The flavours weren't bad. Texture-wise, the fish was tender but a little bit mealy in texture rather than succulent. Although noticeable, it's not a big deal because the sauce coats the fish pieces well.
*** String beans with pork: It was all right. It's rather salty but tasty, with lots of little hard pork pieces.
I look forward to trying more of Spicy Memory's dishes.Absolutely delicious. Authentic Szechuan! We lived in Chinatown for 2 years and this place is comparable. Highly recommend. BYOB.The absolute best dry pot in the city! Excellent service and amazing food. I have been there twice and can't wait to go back !I'm glad that this is a Szechuan option so close to Jefferson! Of the times I've come here, they generally have a quiet environment and do not appear to be too busy. Their food quality is quite robust and while they may not have the boldest flavors, they do well for lunch occasions.  The entrees come on rather large dishes and the good quantity of food is something to be noted. And just a minor side comment, but their service is not as up to par as it could be as servers may appear to be inattentive. It doesn't detract too much from the food experience though as I would commend them otherwise for their cleanliness, straight forward menu, and general food taste. 
I had ordered the doubled cooked pork for their lunch special in one instance. While the umami, salty flavors were all present, the meat quality did not appear to be all that great nor fresh. However, it was still rather enjoyable. I would've also liked there to be more rice since they only give you a scant amount in the smallest Chinese takeout box possible. The wonton soup, while full in flavor, had an unnecessary dense layer of oil sitting at the top that looked like a heart attack in waiting.Finally some great Chinese food in Center City! This place has only been open a couple nights but I think they are really going to succeed. Since it is new, the place is really clean and inviting. They are still working on rounding out the ambiance. For food we got the fried dumplings. They were nice and crunchy on one side. We also had the scaling pancakes. They were super flaky and tasty. For entrees we got the Beef with scallions and onions and General Tso's chicken with a side of fried rice. My only complaint was that my entree was not totally temperature hot where as my boyfriends was billowing with steam. Little more expensive than your average run of the mill place but totally worth every penny. I can't wait to go back.Great to have local byob szechuan restaurant. Had the dumplings in chili oil, dandan noodles to start  - both good, though not the best we've ever had. Pork with garlic saice was delicious. Double cooked pork just ok. Also, great service. All in all a great place.I've only had takeout here but the food is very good. I ordered Dan Dan noodles, cumin chicken, and chili dumplings the first time. Impressed by the generous portions - the Dan Dan noodles were particularly flavorful. This will be my new go to for consistent, high quality, reasonably priced Szechuan food.Really great food. I get the dan dan noodles every time and they're just as good as Han Dynasty - definitely recommend trying this place.I was in Philadelphia for 3 days and this was the best food I had during my time there! The waitress was so sweet and very knowledgeable on the food served there. She recommended certain dishes and told us some history of the resturant and how the cooks were flown here from china to get a job as chefs at the resturant, therefore the food was authentic and that piece of I formation made me so excited!!! The place was also BYOB which we loved! The decor was beautiful and the menu was well organized which I always appreciate! I would definitely recommend this place! You won't regret it! Tip: order the soup dumplings!!!!!! They're to die for!I was intrigued by a sign that said. "Come try our steamed pork soup dumplings." I came in and did just that and was a little let down. It took over 45 mins to receive my meal. The dumplings were so small that there wasn't any room for soup. I was really hoping to find a good dumpling place close to my apartment. But i guess i will continue to visit Chinatown.Great chili oil fish, reasonable pricing. Clean venue with authentic Sichuan food without trekking all the way to Chinatown!Not your typical Chinese restaurant - but in a very, very good way. Seemingly authentic and definitely delicious, especially the Dan Dan and sesame noodles.In sum: Han Dynasty minus drinks (plus BYO), at around 75% of HD prices. 
My husband (omni) and I (vegetarian) enjoyed both of our meals here (and I had a lot of options). The dumplings were delicious. The waitress was delightfully tolerant of my 3 yo who was in a Mood. 
I would definitely return!Went for lunch. Great variety of lunch specials. Spicy! Excellent shrimp dry pot. Wantan soup also very good.I just ordered from seamless and I got the dan dan noodles and the scallion pancakes. The scallion pancakes were actually really good but I couldn't eat the dan dan noodles. They were listed as mild but my mouth has been on fire for the past 15 minutes.  Very disappointed as the other reviews on here made this place sound promising.Spicy memory is the likely Chinese food that you'd come to expect. Actually, this place isn't bad and will satisfy your Chinese food cravings. They have a long menu. The need chow fun I had, was expertly what I expects. Salty, oily noodles with some sliced beef and onions. Nothing to wow over, but that's what I was craving, haha.
Friendly service though.Now that I'm able to handle spicy food, we ordered Spicy Memory for delivery- I think it'll be going into the regular rotation! 
-Scallion Pancake: Nothing fancy or out of the ordinary, just well executed 
-Crispy Cucumber in Chili Sauce: Healthy amount of garlic, well done 
-Cold Sesame Noodle: The one disappointing dish in the bunch, somehow the flavor was kind of flat, we added more of our own black vinegar and soy sauce and that helped 
-Eggplant with Garlic Sauce: Definite winner, this was delicious 
-Mapo Tofu (no pork, we had a vegetarian): Also a winner, well done, tofu was perfectly tender and the heat was well balanced 
-Cumin Lamb: Ridiculously tender 
I can't vouch for the authenticity of the dishes, but we enjoyed our meal!We aren't too happy with very spicy food but after reading so many positive reviews we gave it a try. The server was really helpful in helping us find mildly spicy choices. String beans, crispy chicken with peanuts and dumplings were perfect. We will be back!Food is Amazing! Go during Lunch time hours and try Chicken Cumin Dish, very flavorful and tasty! The Dan Dan Noodles here are not as great as Hans Dynasty!I should have - and meant to - write this review after my first or second lunch here which were both delicious, hot and fresh. Wow whatever they put in the hot sauce dish looks like it will kill you with all the chili flakes and chili oil but it's surprisingly mild and oh so delicious. 
But I was there yesterday for lunch (again because the previous two had been so delicious!) and this time they sat me and then didn't bring my requested drink. I then ordered and three minutes later my food arrived - not "like 3 minutes" but actually 3 minutes. And it was cold and totally unsavory and dried out. Which means they served me something that had been sitting around  for a while and maybe they were waiting for someone else to order it. Totally unacceptable. 
So I am averaging my rating across 3 trips.Spicy Memory is our new go-to for Chinese delivery. Their menu is similar to Han Dynasty's, and I find it to be almost as good. Our favorites are the green beans with minced pork, the dan dan noodles, cucumbers chili sauce, and the crispy pork ribs with garlic, but I also love the Chengdu Braised Beef Noodle Soup - it's perfect for a cold night. The flavors of everything are spot on, and I have never had any issues with a delivery not being on time, and the orders have always been correct - sometimes they even throw in an extra order of dan dan noodles. It is a little more expensive than other Chinese delivery places, but the quality and flavor blow the other guys out of the water. Highly recommend.I am writing this review as I am enjoying my first take out order from them...First of all, I want to say the portion is unbelievable! I ordered hot sauce pork and there are at least 3 layers of pork in the take out containers. I can't seem to get to the bottom of it. LOL! And the taste is very authentic too! I can see myself ordering lunch from them many days a month in the future!This is probably one of the best Chinese food I had in the past 2 yrs. You can tell the food quality here is better than normal Chinese restaurants. We ordered sliced fish and pork ribs. The fish was so tender and it had very flavorful tiny bamboo sprouts in the spicy soup which I have not seen in other restaurants, making it very good. The ribs were so delicious!!! I definitely want to order it again. It was softly fried from outside and the meat inside was so tender and a little bit juicy. It also had garlic sprinkled onto it. At the bottom of the ribs were lettuce slices, which could help you balance the meat. It was sooo good! My husband and I are here for about 20 dollars each, including tip and tax - a great deal! Would definitely recommend eating here. Ask for no sugar in the sauces for an authentic experience!Their menu is nearly identical to local competitors such as Han Dynasty or Dan Dan. However, the food wasn't nearly as good: their Dan Dan noodles weren't as flavorful and the pork topping was burnt. Additionally, their dumplings could have been confused for pasta because there was so little filling. I was also disappointed by the service; my server actually needed me to point out where I could find the dumplings on the menu (and she wasn't training.) 
If you have the choice, definitely keep on walking to Dan Dan or Han Dynasty!Food is absolutely delicious! We have a group of 6 people with a mix of American and Chinese, all of us are very very satisfied! Def need to come back to try everything.  The special soup chef made with egg on top is very sweet and fresh that my dad had like three bowls nonstop. Def give it a try!!!So we decided to order take out from someplace new since we were disappointed from a place we usually order from. 
The woman taking our order was very helpful and when my gf asked if they could make bean curd and vegetable soup which wasn't on the menu she said "if that's what you really want we will make it for you".   It was "the best bean curd and vegetable soup (the gf) has ever had. That should score points for any restaurant in my eyes. 
Besides the soup we ordered bok choy with black mushrooms, chicken low menu and General Tso's chicken.  
The bok choy with black mushrooms was very good, the General Taos chicken was also very good while the chicken low mein was lacking chicken and some taste (although the noodles were cooked perfectly and the dish wasn't greasy at all.
Not that we really cared but the delivery didn't include any soy sauce, duck sauce, fortune cookies nor a menu. 
All in all we were very happy and now we know what to ask for.Couldn't say enough great things about this place!
From the service to the food, everything was excellent.
After being turned down from Aki at 9 PM, we stopped in here. Being so close to closing, our waitress acted like it was the middle of the day and gave us a warm welcome.
She was extremely helpful and suggestive on what to get and just a really great waitress. She went above and beyond service to ensure we had a good meal.
As for the food, it was amazing. I got the hot sauce chicken and it did not disappoint. Perfect amount of heat and a huge serving size. Everything was fresh and delicious.
I will definitely be a regular customer from here on out and can't wait to go back!I've ordered take out twice here and it's been a good experience so far. It's pretty traditional Chinese food. Good prices. Familiar taste. They never give me soy sauce, which annoys me but as far as the food it's pretty goodThird day open.  Delicious Singapore Noodles!  The Cumin Chicken was spicy and flavorful.  Scallion Pancake could have had a bit more scallions.  Great BYOB option.  Nice Szechuan heat!  Service is spot on.The absolute best dry pot in the city! Excellent service and amazing food. I have been there twice and can't wait to go back !We had green Szechuan peppercorn whole fish and it was authentic. Beef tripes (Fu Qi Fei Pian) were too salty though. I had to pair it with rice, which is something I wouldn't have to do with appetizers...one week later here we are again haha..so you can tell I still really like this placeI was introduced to this place by a friend who is quite knowledgeable about Chinese cuisine as he has live in Asia for many years. He said it was absolutely great and he was correct. Wonderful food in a northern Chinese style, I highly recommend this place and look forward to going back very soon. I left feeling incredibly satisfied with that happy "mouth feel" one gets when the food is spot on.  The pork belly app which I had never had before was extraordinary, as was everything else.The most amazing fried ribs ive ever tasted. These are not your regular bbq ribs, they are tender, delicious crispy pork ribs that come out of that bone like butter. Must try the simplicity and sweet peanuty Dam Dam noodles... your kids will love them, or the kid in you. You can even bring your own bottle. Must try... you wont be disappointed.Wanted to love it because the service was excellent (there was, presumably, a very helpful young man and woman behind the counter), however, it was not to be the case. 
I ordered the snow pea leaves with garlic. (If you have never tried this before, it's a must...just try it somewhere else). The dish came out incredibly quickly (yay!) but the garlic flavor was largely absent and it was incredibly salty. 
Again, I really wanted to love this place because it is across the street from where I am staying for the summer but I probably wouldn't return based on this dish.This seems to be a new restaurant the ambience is pretty nice as far as a date restaurant this place is all decked out with find utensils and plates very wonderful place to go on a date
Seems like they still getting things sorted out staff seem to talk amongst of some of Mormon most restaurants of this caliber for the foods good I got the Kung pow not very spicy for a place called spicy memories I was expecting spicy but still very nice quick great serviceBest Chinese restaurant in the neighborhood, and easily one of the very best in Philadelphia. Spicy Memory beats nearly every one of its competitors in Chinatown on numerous fronts, especially in cleanliness and service.
Their food is great. If you love Szechuan cuisine, you will not be disappointed.
As a Szechuan restaurant, I give Spicy Memory the edge over the illustrious Han Dynasty, mainly because the menu is better and more authentic. In addition, there are numerous dishes on the menu that are non-Szechuan staples, such as Singapore Mei Fun, which one might want to order instead of, or in addition to the usual Szechuan classics. The ingredients are all of very good (but not superior) quality, and the portion sizes are all reasonable. Prices are a little higher than usual for Chinese cuisine overall, but not for the quality of the dishes, and especially not for the neighborhood Spicy Memory is located in.Spicy memory, truly a place for spicy memories. 
the tasting menu? SLAPS 
the service? goES OFF
The spice- variable, bring anyone here who likes Chinese food they will make it whatever spice level you can handle.
Also this place is great for groups and they play great music too!
10/10 recomendó also get the eggplantWe ordered the glass noodles, pork wontons, hot and sour soup, crispy cucumbers, shrimp with sweet sauce and garlic chicken. Everything was amazing but glass noodles, wontons and hot and sour soup were especially delicious! Wish we had one of these in Austin TXExcellent Sichuan food in Philadelphia. I dined in by myself (work trip) and had the Sichuan peppercorn style fish and the green beans. The place is very relaxed, the wait staff is efficient, and food is excellent.9 out of 10 Szechuan restaurant put MSG in their dishes, but spicy memory never did this, every single time is enjoy while you eating. highly recommended!We love the food here-- tonight we had the cumin king prawn and the double cooked chicken. Each was cooked to perfection: the vegetables were fresh and crispy and the flavoring was delicious-- the perfect degree of spiciness. This restaurant deserves to be on the top of the list of Szechuan-style restaurants in Philadelphia.Spicy Memory is absolutely fabulous. From takeout to dining in to hosting large parties, they can do it all! Spicy Memory is my and my husband's go to, so when we were searching for a place to host my 30th birthday, they came up as a possibility. They had an upstairs that sat up to 40 people, so it was perfect for our party (we had 22 on the day of).
They were well-priced and gave us the option of having a tasting menu or letting people order off the menu. They made the whole planning process super easy. They suggested some excellent dishes and asked for our favorites, and the tasting menu spoke for itself. The food was delicious and plentiful. There were some new dishes that I'm going to order when I go next time (Dan Dan Noodles are a must but the dry pot dishes and some of their other options were out of this world.) The service was awesome - attentive, helpful and great. 
They made my birthday party just a wonderful experience for all. I would definitely recommend going to Spicy Memory for large events and would host another large party there in a heartbeat.Very interesting place & menu. Went there with a friend on the chinese new year and I really loved their service. Our waitress was super nice and she managed to adjust some of the dishes according to our preferences. would definitely go there againOrdered three bubble teas and two appetizers. Food came slow, dumplings were slightly soggy and all three bubble teas were extremely watered down. Peri peri Wings were alright but portions were small.I know this is brand spanking new.. But.. if a person ask if a menu could be faxed/emailed, please do not screen the call and then say "are you calling from_______., the menus have been sent to ______ already." Who does that?! 
Maybe the food might be OKKK., but the service is meh to me right now... I'll check this place out in a couple of months.I've ordered pick up over 3x.  This place is great.  Food is delicious, they're quick and equivalent to China town in my opinion without the walk.Yum yum yum. I ordered the garlic sauce dish with chicken. It is so flavorful unlike most garlic chicken dishes at other asians spots. It was my first time stopping by but I will definitely be going back. I ordered for takeout and the food was still hot and fresh when I got home. Yum.This review is for a delivery order, which came promptly and was filled correctly.
We tried SM for the first and ordered bok choy with garlic (excellent, not overly saucy yet still super flavorful with many slivers of garlic); spicy cucumbers (very good although some may prefer to request they be made extra spicy as this batch, at least, was a bit mild); kung pao tofu (very good with a nice kick, although we were surprised the tofu was pressed, not fried); spring rolls (good, crisp, not greasy); peri peri chicken wings (not crispy and they tasted more like five spice than peri peri but still good); cold sesame noodles (very good, very garlicky, though not as creamy/nutty as other versions of this dish we've had).  We would order again from SM although we'd probably pass on the spring rolls and peri peri wings to try other items on the menu.Great appetizers.  They are, however, not online order friendly.  I regretted tipping them at checkout before going into pick up my food.  They took a while to find my order.  The spicy beef ribs were salty.  I'm willing to give them another try some other time though .The food here is really really nice! Especially the spicy beef.... you can taste the real beef taste mixed with the spicy chili, amazing!!!! And the fish here , very very fresh! The fish is cooked with spicy water ~~ so nice!It was the best Chinese food I every have in U.S.
My friends and I was here last week to have a quick dinner while we heading back to DC from NYC. The food was amazing and the customer service was outstanding! I have told all my Chinese friends to try this restaurant if they have chance to pass by Philadelphia. I wish the owner could take a opportunity to open a Spicy Memory restaurant around DC area as well. Again, highly recommended!!!!This place is AMAZING!!! We had the dumplings in chili oil, steamed soup dumplings, chicken in scallion sauce & double cooked pork (I may have messed up some of the names). Everything was delicious! Great service as well! 10% off if you're bill is paid in cash. We will be back!Wow!  First, it's all about presentation, and on the Caviar website, the photos were great but, the actual food was beautiful, fragrant and for this NYC family, the best Chinese menu I n Philadelphia.Got the hell of the adventure's pork stew. Was a hodgepodge of pork products including spam, pork blood, stomach/intestines, tripe, and some veggies all in a spicy soup. It was warm and delicious although I don't like blood so I couldn't finish that. But it's a classic Chinese dish done right, that is so overflowing that it came in two large plastic containers and a side carton of rice on the side.Amazing Food, great service, I highly recommend you give it a try! The cabbage was delicious and piping hot, the spring rolls were crisp and fresh, we had the Dandan noodles which were the best I've tasted thus far and we also tried the cauliflower dry pot which we both liked. The flavors and spice levels were perfect and the staff were very attentive and patient. We will be back and bringing friends. I'm sure this place will be very popular very quick!A nice place to hang out with friends, clean and quiet.  The crispy Chicken with  Dry Pepper is sooo good, it tastes just different from other Chinese restaurant, I think they use some kind of special dry pepper and penuts. Also recommend tea smokedb duck in beer sauce, and crispy king prawns. My friend all like the BBQ whole fish. Will definitely came back.Ambiance: 3
Price: 3
Quality: 3
Service: 5
Overall: 4
My sister had been wanting to try Spicy Memory after hearing that another great Chinese place in the area started charging for BYO, while Spicy Memory apparently had good food and BYO. We came here for an early dinner, and it was pretty empty inside given the time. The decor is nothing special, but was nice and dark on an especially sweltering day. Service was great, with a charismatic and attentive server who knew the menu like he reads it before bed. He said most things on the menu are spicy - however, my partner got the spiciest dish on the menu and didn't even break a sweat! For the average spicy-eater, I'm sure it would be quite hot, but for the experienced spicy-eater...you might need a little extra if you want to feel the burn!
Everyone else had good dishes (including Kung Pao tofu, garlic sauce tofu [shitty photo included], and scallion pancakes), though no one was necessarily blown away. The Kung Pao chicken was the least favorite, which is odd because the Lung Pao tofu was very tasty. Overall, the quality was pretty average, with slightly above average prices. Spicy Memory was a good experience, and I would give it another try for a GREAT experience. For now, 3 stars for good but not wonderful :)Stopped here for a quick lunch. The General Tsao's Chicken was amazing. Perfectly cooked . . . Nice and crunchy on the outside with a perfect tender bite in the middle. Was very delicious, will definitely come again!It's quite good - probably one of the best Chinese places in CC.  The mapo tofu is great and they have a solid lunch offering that includes soup and an entree. Can't give them 5 stars because they are a bit pricey and they're not very flexible with the menu or substitutions in my experience.沸腾水煮鱼Food was awesome! Although we ordered through GrubHub, ended up picking it up because the driver was very late. Even though we ended up eating two hours after ordering, the food was warm and delicious. The restaurant even called an hour after pick up to check whether everything was ok. Will definitely be ordering again .I ordered the Dan Dan noodles I have to say I was pretty disappointed The noodles were almost chalk like left a film on my mouth The sauce was tasty but have very very little Meat in it If I were a local I will probably give this restaurant another try with a different menu item The grub hub delivery  Was on timeThe food here is amazing.  Loved every dish.  We were a large group of 20+ adults and children in town for the long weekend and stopped by here.  They were able to accommodate us all on the 3rd floor, on 2 tables.  Service was good and the wait staff courteous.  Food, OMG - one of the best Chengdu style foods I've had.  Its spicy enough to make  you remember it all night long.  Dry pepper lamb, dry pot fish all are a must try, hell shrimp? and hot pepper chicken. The best one was cumin potatoes.  If you are Indian, you will appreciate it.  We were stuffed and could not stop.  When I checked into yelp, i got a coupon for dumplings in hot oil -  i could not let it go and took it back to hotel and had it breakfast...I am definitely coming backThere have been a few stylish new Asian restaurants opening in Midtown in the last couple of years and Spicy Memory is the newest kid on the block.  This is a good looking place that specializes in Chengdu (Sichuan) cooking but also has a lot of the usual Chinese favorites.  Fortunately their kitchen is getting things right and they are attracting both an Asian and non-Asian clientele.  I started off with a hot & sour soup that was def one of the better ones I have had in Philadelphia.  I then followed it up with a classic Sichuan dish - Mapo Tofu which was excellently prepared.  Like most of the newer Chinese restaurants outside Chinatown there are no condiments on the table (a trend I don't like) so you have to ask for a hot chili oil to make it truly like you are eating in Chengdu.  Because I was pressed for time I ordered their Chengdu fried chicken dumplings to take with me.  They did not disappoint at all when I ate them later on.  Rice comes with the meal although tea doesn't (again a difference from Chinatown.)  I do have to add that the service was most excellent.  The woman working the front of the room is extremely organized and was able to handle all the take-out orders as well as keep track of the people eating in the bar area.  Spicy Memory is a nice addition to the Center City restaurant scene!Some of the best food I've had in a long time. I highly recommend it! I like Spicy food and asked for extra spice and man that hit the spot! Sooo Goood!!