This place was soooo unexpectedly delicious!! We had Charred Carrot Hummus, Shabazi Fries, Bean Fattoush, Roasted Cauliflower and the Bean Tagine. Every dish was flavorful, inventive, fresh and amazing!! Kudos to the chef and owner!! Definitely coming back.Diverse and creative drink menu, and excellently spiced dishes (to live up to the name!) What I like best is how versatile this restaurant can be for the guest. You can come in with a group and have a full and delicious meal, or you pop in for a quick drink and snack at the bar. Either way, you can't go wrong with any menu decision (though I was a huge fan of the yogurt appetizer!) Spice Finch is a welcomed addition to the Philly restaurant scene.Had an amazing dinner thanks to our waiter Josh! 
Loved the baked cheese, broccoli toubouleh and octopus 
The desserts he recommended were amazing : sundae and burnt cream !!
Josh also recommended great wine to pair with our meal!Ate at Spice Finch Friday night. Arrived for a 7PM reservation and was seated immediately in a packed dining room. The space is spectacular and we were offered Dinner and Cocktail menus and promptly ordered The Rulebook, Organized Chaos, and a Rest in Pete's. Awesome. Get us a few more rounds please.
It's small plates so we ordered a ton: Shabazi Fries, Croquettes, Roasted Cauliflower, Broccoli Tabouleh, Warm Grain Salad, Little Neck Clams, Samosa, Chili Chicken Kebab, Shakshuka, Salt Baked Eggplant and four sauces - Muhumara, Lemon Yogurt, Garlic Yogurt and Tahina. There was nothing that wasn't fantastic. All was amazing. And the servers were extremely helpful suggesting food pairings and the order for serving.
This is a must go in Philly.We have eaten twice at Spice Finch now, and we love it! The food is delicious, creative, and filling. We had bean tangine (loved it), roasted cauliflower (best ever), and petite filet (tender and YUM) for our main course. Our server, Karen, was lovely and attentive. The presentation is exquisite. Nothing is lacking, and the prices are so reasonable. Ambiance is charming, cocktails are great, and the staff is extremely accommodating. This is a new gem on the Philly restaurant scene, and a very welcome one at that.Great food, drinks, and an amazing ambiance!!! Really good service. Definitely recommend for large parties!WOW!!! Incredibly delicious!! We explored many items on the menu and adored everything!! The lamb melted in your mouth as the flavors exploded!  The drinks were interesting and service was timed perfectly. 
The restaurant has a wonderful energy. 
Our server, Heather was outstanding, friendly and fun. The manager stopped by our table for a delightful conversation. Each employee who poured water or cleaned the table was pleasant and smiling .
Overall a perfect meal!! We can't wait to go back!!Best meal in a while! Chef Jen Carroll's new restaurant is a hit! Definitely want to come back soon. Very good drinks and all the dishes we tried were excellent. Congrats on your new restaurant Chef!Without being accused of "You just like Jenn and Billy/Billy and Jenn so of course you are giving them 5 stars" - they are getting solid 4 stars. The kind of 4 stars that in a couple of months as they iron out the kinks should move straight to 5. Also, we outsourced the selection of the plates to wonderful servers/kitchen staff.
0. Maybe my standards for size are dropping thanks to the incredible rents NYC restaurants pay but this place is huge. Absolutely positively huge. And it seems it is able to deliver consistent food.
1. Spiced yogurt. This thing is absolutely positively delicious. Take it from someone who spent a lot of time in the Middle East. It is the bomb. Creamy, garlicy and delicious. And fried pita. Oh. My. God. The fried pita. Or maybe it was not even a pita. Get it. 
15 out of possible 10 points.
2. Stuffed Grape Leaves - definitely not what I expected. I dont quite know how I feel about it being called "stuffed grape leaves" since one expects a rather specific middle eastern interpretation of what it should be. It was not. It was something else even though true to the form it was stuffed grape laves.
9 out of 10 points. Probably because I cannot get over how it was something else than what I expected based on a name. Still excellent.
3. Dates - yummy. They could even be a desert less sweet dessert if someone did not want to have a traditional middle eastern desert.
9 out of 10.
4. Peri Peri shrimp - I have no words. Just get it.
10 out of 10
5. Broccoli Tabouleh - I may have to reconsider my general antipathy towards broccoli. It was that good.
9 out of 10.
6. Merguez Kebab - absolutely positively delicious. Get it. Get it. And get it.
10 out of 10. 
I think we got two more things but I was so full by the time I dont even quite remember what they were -- food coma. They were, however, very well done.delicious small plates - and vegetarian friendly.  Went twice in one weekend.  Pita bread is insanely delicious, as are shishito peppers and stuffed grape leaves.Every dish we tried was delicious. Service was attentive and well timed.  The lamb ribs is to die for. Will be going back for sure!The burger was thin and bun was dissolving under some heavy tomato sauce and it had melted cheese?...the lamb rib is good, spiced ok and crispy but no sauce offered with it or anything else. The humus are mixed with carrot....??... the bread is like a pancake, it should be lafa or pita bread, crispy not soft cake like. The shredded wheat is actually konafi but was very dry and inedible. Surprisingly bad for its location and all the buzz about the chef.Very nice service and very delicious food! We were there for a birthday celebrate. Will come back again!Bang!  The flavors are a fusion of yummy from around the globe.  The broccoli tabouleh was a delicious twist on a standard.  Best hangar steak ever.  Felt like our server, Eric, was an old friend having us over for dinner...yet never intrusive.  This place is a winner!This restaurant is located on the first floor of the hotel I was staying at and my first stop during my first time in Philadelphia. I got in late and went to straight here to grab a bite. The restaurant had a dim light modern vibe and it could be a numerous of eateries. I like asking for recommendations from the servers and it did not disappoint! I ordered the lamb ribs, a side of yogurt sauce and baby greens salad. They were all delicious!Loved, loved, loved the food! So much to choose from and taste. Each dish was uniquely seasoned, with a layering of flavors..all were delicious. After an amazing dinner the dessert was equally special. Can't wait to go back and try more. Great fun to share with a group of family/friends.Waiter was super friendly and knowledgeable. Cocktails were absolutely amazing. I particularly liked the take on the Midori sour. As far as food, the lamb and chicken were off the charts delicious. The fried cheese and grape leaves were also enjoyable.Food was amazing and different. A new take on traditional Mediterranean food. All the food was fresh and the wait staff was helpful in explaining everything. I would highly recommend!Presentation was spectacular! Warm and inviting lighting and dining area. Hostess, waiter and serve staff impeccable! What can I say but give it a try and you'll see and taste the sensation!I've been here for brunch and dinner. The brunch was good but over priced. We also had horrendous service. The table next to us had to tell the waiters on 3 separate occasions not to bring the dishes out all at once because the table was too small.  We had the same issue and it seemed like we were also forgotten about. After being finished eating for 15 minutes we called over the waiter so I could hand them my card to pay.
I may go back for brunch at some point but why bother when their dinner is amazing?  We had an excellent server that provided phenomenal recommendations and ensured our glasses were always filled.
We started with the Croquettes and they were perfectly crispy on the outside. The inside was a little too runny for me.  The stuffed grape leaves were beautifully presented and I loved how the apricot balanced out the bitterness of the grape leave.  The Baked Cheese was one of my favorite dishes of the night. It comes out on a cast iron skillet sizzling hot. It's ricotta and mozzarella based and has a hint of sweetness to it.
We moved onto roasted cauliflower which was nicely cooked. The coriander cashew butter was perfect for dipping. The Berbere carrots had a nice hint of the berbere seasoning coming through and didn't overwhelm the dish. I couldn't stop sopping up the sauce with flatbread for Peri-Peri shrimp. The harissa provided a nice heat to the sauce. The Octopus Escabeche was SO tender. We also had the Lamb Ribs which fell off the bone.  The pickled radishes were a nice edition to cut the fat.
The main courses were everyone's favorite. The Dry Rub Chicken fell off the bone and had excellent seasoning. We couldn't get enough of the muhumara sauce (walnut and pepper based) to dip the chicken in. My favorite of the main course was the Date Braised Lamb Shank which was beautifully presented surround by vegetables.  The meat fell of the bone and had a deliciously crispy outside. 
We ended with dessert. I could have done without the Chocolate Tahini Cake. The cake was a little dry. It's pretty difficult to get the right balance of ingredients for chocolate cake since it has more ingredients than most cakes that dry it out. I had a bite of the shredded wheat and it had a filling similar to baklava that was delicious.  My fiance had the Sundae and he devoured it even after he claimed he was full.
I highly recommend dinner at Spice Finch but would skip brunch until they work out the kinks of opening a new restaurant.Food and service were terrific. My friend and I had the cauliflower and carrots to start, then the clams and octopus. Split the sundae for dessert. Everything was fresh and well prepared. Yummy! Will definitely come back.Had an amazing dinner here, great new spot! Very cool, trendy vibe, drinks to match. The stuffed grape leaves were delicious, the shrimp were awesome, head-on and super flavorful, very good octopus. Every menu item is packed with tons of layers of flavor, packs a punch. Loved the shredded wheat as a light, perfectly small dessert to finish it off. Highly recommend!I went to this spot one night for a couple drinks and snacks one night. Loved it so much that I took my husband two nights later! The second time was wonderful. We had the croquettes again and they were just as delicious as the first time I had them. We also had the carrots, cauliflower, baked cheese, shakshouka, samosa, broccoli tabbouleh, chicken kabobs, sundae and chocolate cake. 
Everything was really good. I think next time I would pass on the shakshouka and samosa. Shakshouka was for sure my least fav.
Service was great and drinks were as well!!I was really looking forward to coming here for my birthday brunch after reading such great reviews. I was disappointed to say the very least. We waited 30 mins just to get our drink order (by drinks I mean water and coffee) and over an hour to get our food. My dad received his food 25 mins before the rest of our table and had finished his meal by the time we could even get our server's attention. Once we could ask her if our food would be ready soon she responded by saying that some things just take longer to prepare- meanwhile the tables next to us (who had arrived after us) had been served their meals and signed their checks and we, a party of 3, were still waiting to eat. Once our food came I was extremely upset to see a giant hair cooked into my shakshuka. I wasn't going to say anything but my mom insisted that she tell the server and ended up doing so. The server apologized and then the manager came over. He was extremely kind and comped our entire meal and offered to make another dish for us. However, we were not willing to wait another hour and a half to be fed and were ready to go. I gave this 2 stars for the manager being so great, but I will sadly not be coming here again.We really enjoyed the food here but were not fans of the pacing. We ordered 5 smaller plates and they started arriving before drinks hit the table and within five or so minutes of the first small dish appearing, our table was full (so full I was nervous I'd knock something over) of food. I understand often times dishes come out when they are ready, but your entire meal should not come out at once like that. Not sure if it was a kitchen issue, a service issue, or what, but hopefully it was just an off night. If I return, I would probably make sure to let them know I'd prefer slightly more time between dishes. 
As for food, we got the octopus, lamb ribs, merguez kabob, cauliflower and berbere carrots as well as an addition of the garlic yogurt. The vegetable dishes were the standouts, but everything was tasty. Presentation was also beautiful.Great ambiance and attentive service, but food did not live up to the expectation. I was so excited to try Spice Finch because the menu looks unreal, but was disappointed... the food was quite bland, and lacked the unique factor that I was hoping for in Mediterranean - Middle Eastern fusion, which screams bold flavors and spices. The dishes are small and meant to be shared. We started with the stuffed grape leaves, blistered shishito peppers, and fattoush salad. For entree, we shared the roasted cauliflower and dry rubbed chicken. That said, I may have missed the point and would give this place another try, if even for a drink at the bar.Wow! This is an amazing place. We were looking for a place that would have some good vegan and vegetarian choices as well as fish and meet offerings. This place did not disappoint! The date truffles, sourdough flat bread, charred carrot hummus, shrimp and lemon yogurt were all amazing!DEEEEEELISH! Went with 2 people and enjoyed every single dish we ordered. It's pricy, for 3 people our bill was $120 (no alcoholic beverages ordered), but it was so good. Definitely recommend the petit filet, the cheese with the bread add on ($1 addl), and the warm grain salad. Date truffles are good too. Next time we go I will try the hummus!Great drinks, great service and very creative menu. Small plate concept allows for sampling of dishes that one would not normally commit an entire meal to. We'll definitely be back!My daughter and I began our evening with a festive concert by The Philadelphia Gay Men's Chorus (which was beautiful) but placed our dinner at 10:30 pm. Spice Finch was perfect for the late night bite. We started with beautiful cocktails as well as the charred carrot hummus served with sourdough flatbread. The charred carrot hummus was creamy and included garnishing of northern beans and cucumber. The carrots spread was clean and elegant but in my opinion, lacked just a bit of flavor. The blistered shishito peppers were delicious. But the baked cheese? Shredded phyllo (which added perfect, crunchy texture), ricotta and mozzarella baked with a char with the cheesiest, creamiest center. So lovely. The merguez kabob was delicious as well as the fatoush. The dining room is elegant and beautifully understated with dim, glowy lighting. The service (and our server) was impeccable. The host for the evening was so helpful and gracious. This is a great spot. I will be back to try more delicious food.Spice Finch is impressive. Decor is light and fresh, service is impeccable, food is very good. My companion and I shared 6 dishes and a bottle of wine. Bill was $198.00 before tip. In comparison to Saraya I would say the food at Saraya is a bit better. Spice Finch is more centrally located if you're not driving. Like them both.My wife and I celebrated my birthday by having dinner there. Our entire experience was wonderful and we will highly recommend Spice Finch to our friends. We plan to return. The restaurant is very attractive and well laid out. We appreciated that the ceilings were constructed so as to lower the volume of sound, allowing us to hear our conversation with each other without any problem.
The quality of the food was quite terrific. The flavors were inventive and beautifully presented. The service was attentive and our waitress did an excellent job of explaining the dishes on the menu, as well as the different types of alcoholic beverages. 
In sum, we thoroughly enjoyed our dining experience there.It appears that this restaurant will "catch on" quickly and become a welcome addition the the neighborhood. It's different, but not intimidating. 
Bill H.We went here for my husband's birthday and the food was great!  Highly recommend to try this place out if you're looking for something flavorful and new. They offer a wide variety of veg and non-veg options. Portion sizes are small so you have to order multiple dishes for a full meal. I also recommend coming here during a weeknight rather than Friday or Saturday as it was a bit crowded. Overall this is a lovely place in the city with some exotic flavors!I was trying to find somewhere to get dinner in philly around Christmas on a busy Saturday. But my the grace of god I was able to get a reservation to Spice Finch at 5:45. I've been to a ton of Mediterranean style places in philly - Vernick, Suraya, Zahav, all the best places. I'd have to say that Spice Finch is very competitive with all these restaurants and definitely has better prices. The wait staff was very very friendly and accommodating. Food cake out very fast. Everything was DELICIOUS. We had the cauliflower, clams, carrot hummus, and chicken. The chicken was probably the best I've ever eaten. If I could give this place more than 5 stars I would!We had an excellent experience from start to finish. Whether it was Food, service, or accommodation of special requests Spice Finch exceeded our expectations. This is a great addition to the Philly food scene.Spice Finch was good, but nothing really blew me away and they have a lot of competition in this market. I had the shabazi fries which were delicious. Then, the baked cheese which was also really good, but I wanted some crostini or something to slather it on or even more shredded phyllo. it simultaneously wasn't salty or sweet enough. The peri peri shrimp and flatbread were the biggest standouts of the meal, but the roasted cauliflower was just meh. The list continues with the lamb shank and warm grains. The shank was delicious, I wanted more of the date glaze, and I wished it was a bit thicker. The roasted veggies that accompanied it were also great, but the pickles interspersed were an unwelcome surprise. The warm grains aka cous cous and puffed rice not so much a delight. There just wasn't much flavor and the puffed rice looked very unappetizing. Finally, the biggest disappointment of the night, and what I strongly discourage, were the two desserts we ordered: the chocolate tahini cake, and the burnt cream. I've had tahini based desserts before so I know they can be sweet and nutty and entirely delicious, but this was not so. The cake was dry, somewhat savory and there was a lingering flavor that just wasn't very pleasant. The buttercream was heavy and had that same savory tinge. My favorite part of the dessert was the orange sorbet, and that says a lot because I'm not inclined towards orange flavored things, but it was light and fresh and altogether wonderful. The burnt cream, which I thought would be a creme brulee of sorts was not that. It was more of a cottage cheese cheesecake with a mildly sweet cheesey texture (that's common of middle eastern desserts). I was not crazy about this mostly because it was a bit bland, but the rose syrup and the fresh fruit were delightful. Neither choice was great, but between the chocolate cake and the burnt cream I would pick the cream. In summary, get the fries, the shrimp, and the shank, and go somewhere else for dessert!Came for a date night on a Sunday and had an amazing meal!
our server was so friendly and not pretentious at all compared to some of the servers i get around the city. he helped me order and made sure i got to pack all my leftovers home.
we started with the carrot hummus which was DELICIOUS! it was so fresh and i really enjoyed all the combinations of flavors from the veggies.
the peri peri shrimp was cooked perfectly, the broth itself was a little bit salty but the shrimp perfectly melted in my mouth.
the ribs are also a must get, they slide ride off the bone and full of such  great flavors.
my boyfriend got their version of a frozen old fashioned and it was delicious! he loved and ordered multiple.
to finish off the meal, we got the grilled fish which was a must get. it was cooked perfectly and went perfectly with the basmati rice that comes with it.
overall i really enjoyed this restaurant. the indoor decor is so chic and chill and the service was amazing. i'd definitely recommend for a big group or a date night.This place is my new favorite restaurant in Philly. Every single dish was amazing, and the drinks were tasty too. I came here twice in one week because it's that good. To start we got the grape leaves (5 mini ones per order), which had a good mix of salty and sweet flavors. We also got the carrot hummus which was to die for! Very unique taste. The flat bread that came with it was warm and soft. The croquettes were stuffed with a creamy cheesy potato mixture. For cocktails we got the redemption #3, rest in Pete's, and a carrot drink (my fav, I can't remember the name). For my entree I got the bean tagine. Good mix of flavors. It reminded me of an Indian dish. There was a mix of chickpeas and vegetables. For dessert you HAVE to get the tahini cake!!! It comes with ice cream, and thefrosting is something I've never tried before. I usually don't like frosting because of the sweetness but this was just perfect in terms of sweetness. It also incorporates some orange meringue flavors too. The service was also great. All in all, I will be coming back several more times.Not my favorite food but definitely with a try for the interesting menu. It is very vegetarian friendly. Overall I was sort of underwhelmed by the taste but nothing was at all bad. The broccoli tabulleh and the deserts were excellent. Shakshuka, roasted, yogurt, cheese and cauliflower were ok. I don't think I I would return on my own but would happily go if others suggested it.This is a fresh new take in Mediterranean cuisine. The presentation is great, the food is absolutely delicious, and the atomosphere is modern and relaxing. The service was a bit slow to take our order but in their defense the place was packed and it seemed that our whole section was seated at the same time. Don't miss the cauliflower dish, it's delicate flavors are perfectly seasoned. My favorite dish was a skillet in their "for the table" section, we order the eggplant cooked on a bed of salt, it was amazing! I also enjoyed the spicier Peppers, mushrooms and egg dish. My only criticism is that the portions could be slightly larger as this restaurant encourages you to share plates.Amazing kabobs with yogurt side.  8 tried the lamb with lemon yogurt, it was nothing short of....divine!  Great service, great wine list.  Love, love, love.  Only real request?  Add a real chardonnay to you wine list.  Otherwise, awesome.  Homerun!I came across Spice Finch a few times on Eater Philly page, and I thought to my self...why haven't I went here yet. It almost seems like they're competing against Suraya Restaurant. 
Making reservations and finding availability on a weekend was fairly easy. 
Restaurant is a part of this beautiful hotel in the city called Warwick, so if you need to use the restroom, you gotta walk out the restaurant and go to the hotel to use the restroom - which I thought was pretty annoying, especially when it's freezing cold out in the winter. 
Ambience - is beautiful, especially near the bar area. While I was eating dinner, I though to my self that I rather sit and eat at the bar than at the tables because the bar area just looked so much more cuter. The restaurant has a few separate areas for dinner and one big area looks like a normal dinner place but there are few small other sections for dinner that are very segregated and almost feels like I'm sitting in a cafe. 
Service - is excellent. Multiple people comes to check on your, fill your glasses, clean the table and all that fun jazz.. 
Food- 
I could not stop eating their Shabazi Fries that comes with this amazing Aioli (+$2 if you ask for extra). 
Baked cheese was really good, with full of flavors. BUT, it does not come with anything to eat with, so you have to order a side of flatbread to go with it. Flat bread is pretty basic Mediterranean flat bread with za'atar, but it's really soft and warm. 
I thought the croquettes was alright. They're very nice and crispy, filled with cheese and served on a layer of mashed avocado and olive oil. I'd have loved them if there was some flavor to it or served with some dipping sauce. 
Roasted cauliflower was good, but again, not full of flavors. It was more enjoying to eat it as a side to our dry rubbed chicken. 
Dry rubbed chicken was amazing!!! It's nicely cooked with a crispy layer of skin and very nice and soft inside. We got a small size and it was more than enough to share it with 2-3 people. It's a whole chicken that they cut it up in pieces to make it easier. We had about 4-5 big pieces and I was pretty much full after the appetizers and 1 piece of chicken. Chicken comes with a side of Muhamara which is slightly on the sweet side so I opted out of that because I enjoy flavors and spices instead of sweets. I enjoyed the other vegetables it comes with. 
I'll definitely return back again and try their ShakshukaWe've been hearing about SF and decided to stop in here - luckily got a just in time reservation.
Small plates were amazing - lamb was amazing.  
Great for kids, and the entire menu can basically be modified to be gluten free. 
Finally something different in Philadelphia.This was truly an experience that I would love to share. I often enjoy trying unique flavors and combinations of ingredients that I've never had before, and Spice Finch gave me exactly that.  Everything we tasted here actually made you say "OMG try this" from starting with the baked cheese, the garlic yogurt, so tender peri-peri shrimp, octopus, roasted cauliflower, lamb ribs(OMG) everything was just incredible. So good I called my parents the next day and told them I have a new spot for us to go when they visit me, but I will be sure to be back many times with friends before then. The service was great and made us laugh all night thank you Matt- (best server ever)!!Some of the best food I have had in a while, and its right next to my house!
Nice simple menu with not too many options. Just about everything we had at our table was absolutely delicious. 
Standouts were - The harissa - spicy and great flavor. We asked and they DO sell little ramekins of it (It was so good we wanted to take some home). 
Orange Blossom syrup for the pancakes - not too sweet and a perfect amount of orange blossom flavor.
Shakshuka - great flavor, perfectly cooked eggplants, had a nice little spicy kick as well. 
Nicely lit, spacious, interior. Very nice servers. 
Pancakes were a bit of a disappointment as they were pretty dry unless you soaked them in syrup. But the syrup as mentioned was delicious, so I suppose it was a win win after all...
A bit pricey to visit frequently I'll admit, but would highly recommend for a nice meal in the area or fans of middle eastern food.Not my favorite food but definitely worth a try for the interesting menu. It is very vegetarian friendly. Overall I was sort of underwhelmed by the taste but nothing was at all bad. The broccoli tabulleh and the desserts were excellent. Shakshuka, yogurt, cheese and roasted cauliflower were ok. I don't think I I would return on my own but would happily go if others suggested it.This isn't my style of restaurant but my wife wanted to go being a fan of the owner. I will say I was pleasantly surprised. I tried some things I've never had before and some things I've never liked but the cooking and the sauces really made it delicious. 
As for the restaurant itself everything was very clean, the staff was great at explaining things I didn't understand, and everyone was happy and helpful.  I originally thought the prices were a bit high but I do believe the food was well worth the price.My girlfriends and I had a reservation for 6 on a Sunday night and we were seated right away. The restaurant was somewhat crowded but I'm sure that if it wasn't near the holiday it could be a lot more. The restaurant is clean and hip looking. 
If I could separate my review in two parts, I would give the service 3 stars and the food 5 stars. Our waitress started out strong. She gave us a very thorough description of many dishes on the menu. However, she was gone for long stretches at a time and we felt that there were many lulls when we needed to order something or we were expecting something that didn't come. The bathroom is also slightly tricky, as you need to leave the restaurant and venture through the attached hotel lobby. The guys who fill up your water or bring silverware were more attentive than the waitress. 
But anyway, the food!!! So good. Everything was perfectly seasoned and delicious. I could have sat there all night eating the flatbread with the garlic yogurt sauce. We ended up getting two of these sauces and ordered more flatbread throughout the meal. Almost every dish needs an accompaniment of flat bread, although that's not clearly stated in the menu or by the waitress. We also started with the baked cheese and the shishito peppers. Both were super good. We were expecting the baked cheese to be something you could pick up and eat (almost like a spanakopita) but it's actually a skillet of hot cheese, so you definitely need flatbread as a vessel. For my meal I got the chili-chicken kabob which had a great flavor. I put some of the garlic yogurt sauce on it too. I could have just eaten that with a spoon and been content. It's seriously that good. My friends got the peri peri shrimp and the shakshuka, and everyone cleared their plates. I thought the prices were reasonable and we all left satisfied. I would definitely come back here. Every bite of food that I had was absolutely divine.Very intrigued with the Mediterranean cuisine.  Had the octopus, carrot hummus, fries, and to top it off, the very tender lamb ribs.  Both the service and food was spectacular.I love it here!!! So flavorful and nicely portioned. Everything I've ordered has been fabulous especially the shakshuka and ribs. Highly recommend!!I would really love to give Spice Finch a 5-star review: it is one of the few bars in the city we find ourselves coming back to time and again. The cocktails are outstanding (try one of the "redemption" series, each of which features a delicious take on a forgotten or maligned mixer like Jaeger), as is the food (spiced nuts!). Also a chill vibe, where you can almost always find a seat at the bar. Yet every time we've been there (4 times in the past 3-4 months), the bartenders have seemed like they couldn't care less if we were there or not. They have been standoffish, inattentive, rude, even condescending at times. Eventually it will become too much; in fact, if the cocktail menu doesn't change soon we may take our business elsewhere.This place is my new favorite restaurant in Philly. Every single dish was amazing, and the drinks were tasty too. I came here twice in one week because it's that good. To start we got the grape leaves (5 mini ones per order), which had a good mix of salty and sweet flavors. We also got the carrot hummus which was to die for! Very unique taste. The flat bread that came with it was warm and soft. The croquettes were stuffed with a creamy cheesy potato mixture. For cocktails we got the redemption #3, rest in Pete's, and cap spartel (my fav, It was a carrot juice cocktail). For my entree I got the bean tagine. Good mix of flavors. It reminded me of an Indian dish. There was a mix of chickpeas and vegetables. For dessert you HAVE to get the tahini cake!!! It comes with ice cream, and the frosting is something I've never tried before. I usually don't like frosting because of the sweetness but this was just perfect in terms of sweetness. It also incorporates some orange meringue flavors too. The service was also great. All in all, I will be coming back several more times.Wow! This place was amazing! The service was good, our waiter was extremely knowledgeable about the menu despite being new to the staff. The food was incredibly delicious as well! We ordered to eat family style but there was a TON of delicious food. We wish we had been able to order everything on the menu! We're hoping to go back again to try everything we missed out on the first time around!I love this place. The chef is incredibly talented, the food is inventive and delicious and the ambiance warm and swanky. That being said they nearly killed me last night. Beware if you have a tree nut allergy. The dry rubbed chicken which states, "DRY RUBBED CHICKEN: muhumara, potato, zucchin" contains walnuts. The muhumara has a finely chopped walnut base. I didn't know this and I'm sure most do not. This was only caught when the server brought out the food and went through the description! From there the interaction got really bizarre when I said, "I have a nut allergy. I did not see that in the description. Why was this not disclosed?"  She said, "you can just eat the part not touching the muhumara". Uh...what? Sure, that sounds like a great idea to just take my chances on something that can kill me. I said, "it doesn't look like it's only is in the muhumara. That (me pointing) looks like a large walnut sitting on top of the chicken. She said, "that's not a walnut that's a piece of chicken bone sticking out of the thigh". I've deboned a few chickens and know anatomy. That was no bone. So I ordered something else. My companion ate the chicken and we discovered all kinds of walnuts hidden all over and under the chicken. Super scary and weird interaction though. No apology or concern. Lesson reinforced at this place that I need to ask up front what has nuts in the menu.Excellent experience.  Seated right away. Great waitress.  Very knowledgeable of menu. Super accommodationing. Food came out promptly and taste was AMAZING. I will be back a million times. Very nice decor and energy of place was great.We've had almost everything on the menu.... and EVERYTHING is amazing. The most delicious food ever. You can't go wrong! The croquettes are really good, as well as the Tabbouleh for appetizers. Definitely get the Lamb Ribs or Chicken Kabab for a meal. Amazing!!Awesome!
This is a pretty restaurant that is a part of the Warrick Hotel but off to the side.  
Over two visits the Roasted Cauliflower was nicely roasted and charred tender.  The pickled onions, herb oil and cashew butter complimented the Roasted Cauliflower perfectly.  I've read a few other reviews mentioning the lack of flavor in this dish, which if consistently constructed the way I was presented this dish, I'd find hard to agree.  
The Lamb Ribs were perfect with a great char that wasn't offensively inedible.  I'm essentially tired of those that believe charred meat beyond being edible is cool.  There is definitely a point where charred meat beyond a certain point is not great to eat.  I don't like gnawing on meat.  These lamb ribs were definitely not prepared that way.  Finally lamb ribs are inevitably fatty and this version was as well but it was undeniably tasty.  Paired with a rice pilaf, it served well with the lamb to soak up all the fantastic juices from the lamb.
The Dry Rub Chicken was equally impressive.  I almost never reach for the white meat as my first choice when I have options and for good reason.  Most often white meat is dry and bland, but that's not the case here.  The chicken was moist and seasoned well.  There was no fat on the skin and the crust had a great spice crust.  The sumac butter on the side only piled on the greatness.  
I'm already game for future visits.Great atmosphere and the service was excellent. The lamb ribs and dry rubbed chicken were delicious. We were surprised at the size of the chicken plate. A salad and or starter were enough with the chicken.What an experience. In town for a business meeting. Thought we would try something different.
Casual and non pretentious atmosphere. Pleasant and light.
Had the peppers and cauliflower appetizers then followed by the shrimp and lamb shank with couscous side. Wow! Flavorful, delicate, balanced spice, varied palate. Very pleased and very impressed.
I am coming back to check the rest of the menu.
If you want to try a cuisine beside just having the usual, this place has something for every palate. 
Yelpers, check it out.Amazing restaurant with great interior decor and professional and wonderful service. The food is so flavorful and perfect cooked. The cocktails are also delicious and you have great options. Highly recommended. Great for a date night or girls night out.One of the best Mediterranean meals I had since my grandma's cooking. 
The cocktails are very uniquely crafted and the staff helps you pair them perfectly with every single dish.Awesome menu and environment, fun cocktails. Recommend doing family style to sample a lot of the food - all of it is delicious. Favorite dish was the lamb or chicken plate.The food and drinks were really great - but the service left room for improvement. Food comes out as it's prepared but after our third of five dishes, our plates and silverware were taken away without a
word that they would be replaced. They did provide a new set a few minutes later but it was very confusing. Also, it took 10 minutes to find our waiter after finishing our last dish to check out the dessert menu, and then another 10 to get him to come back so we could just ask for the check. Food wise, everything we ordered was outstanding. The Berbere carrots were our absolute favorite with the Peri Peri shrimp in close second. The date truffles were good but sweet - would've preferred them to come last instead of second. For the two of us, 4 small plates & the shrimp was a perfect amount of food. Would come back again for the food - especially to try their brunch menu!This place was amazing. We came here for dinner and we were blown away by everything! Our waiter made the entire experience perfect for us. He walked us through the entire menu, gave us the best pairings and told us what would probably be a decent about of food for two. Each plate was better than the next!!! The pita chips were excellent with the tahini and beets. I hate lamb and I actually ate it happily, the shakshuka was superb; the shrimp was soft and tender, the chocolate cake was excellent!!  Could not suggest this place more, cannot wait to return to brunch!!!Spice Finch was amazing! After reading about this restaurant in Philly magazine we were eager to try it. To start we had the baked cheese and berbere carrots. Both delicious the presentation of the baked cheese dish was fresh.  The octopus escabecha was amazing.  From the food to the service a total A+ in my book. Will return again soon!High-quality, flavorful food. Food I didn't like elsewhere too much (shishito peppers) was very good here.
Great bartenders and cocktails. Pleasant relaxing setting. They don't rush you. People are down to earth and friendly.
Good for vegetarians.Came here for dinner with a friend. Overall very solid with great service and trendy decor. The food was presented nicely as well. Prices were reasonable, compared to San Francisco.
I ordered a non-alcoholic cocktail, the N/A-groni ("non alcoholic (ne)groni") and it was really good - the butters taste really came through.
We started with the charred carrot hummus - the flatbread this came with was delicious, but the hummus itself was bland. Would not order again - just get the flatbread.
Then we got the roasted cauliflower - if you've been to Zahav, this was very similar to their version, except less salty. This is a good thing as I felt Zahav's cauliflower was a bit too salty. This cauliflower was tasty and I might order this again, but I'm not usually a fan of cauliflower.
The little neck clams followed. I usually like clams but I wasn't as much a fan of the sauce/flavors they paired with the clams - I think the tomatoes added too much sweetness. It came with another delicious flatbread to sop up the juices. My dining partners really liked this dish though. I wouldn't order it again but it was popular at the table so worth a try.
We also ordered the charred octopus. I found the octopus might have been slightly under-salted but was otherwise pretty solid. Would order again because I love charred octopus.
Our main dish was the date braised lamb shank. The meat was tender (fall off the bone - easily pulled with a fork) and flavorful but not too salty, as lamb sometimes can be. The roasted vegetables underneath were decent but not amazing. The lamb came with a giant grain salad that was a little plain (seemed to be mostly a bowl of farro) but I had leftovers the next day and mixed it with the roasted veggies and it made a delicious breakfast. I would definitely order this again. 
For dessert we got the chocolate tahini cake. It came with a yummy blood orange sorbet and I appreciated the tehina taste of the "whipped cream" (seemed to be actually tehina cream) on top. The cake was light and not too dense and sweet, as chocolate cakes can be. Would order this again.
My review might sound tepid, but this was overall a very solid experience. Portions were generous, service was prompt and friendly, and while the meal wasn't the best I'd ever had, it was very reliable. Would return.
Standouts for me:
The non alcoholic cocktail
The flatbread
The lamb
The dessertCame here for dinner on a BUSY thursday night but I have to say, not only did we leave with full bellies but we were pleasantly boozy as well.
It was pretty difficult to make a reservation 2 hours prior to the time we wanted but we were able to make it happen and were seated right away.
We decided to get 2 protein dishes and 1 side- we opted for the Chili Chicken, Peri Peri Shrimp and Fattoush salad and I have to say, out of all three dishes, the Fattoush salad was #1. 
The tomato vinaigrette was the perfect acidity level and the green beans were cook but still had the crunch that was necessary.
The salad also came with the restaurants version of croutons (I can't remember what they're actually called) which were AMAZING; even after sitting in the salad for quite some time, they weren't soggy.
The shrimp was a little disappointing; not only did it have the head, but it also had the tail which basically meant we only had about 3 inches of actual shrimp to eat. The shrimp also came with some type of naan bread to dip into the gravy which was fairly decent. 
The chicken on the other hand was delicious- it came perfectly cooked on a bed of yogurt sauce with a crisp breadcrumb topping.
Next time I dine here (which I will because the experience was that great); I'll probably get the Chili Chicken and Fattoush again but hold on the shrimp.
Now more importantly- the alcohol.
We opted for cocktails from their "We Made This" section; we got their tequila option and a whiskey option.
The drinks were delicious and liquor heavy; the taste of tequila wasn't masked (which was okay with me). 
For our second round, I got the "Redemption #3" and it was definitely NOT a good choice. The flavor of jäger was VERY strong but luckily for me, the waitress was sweet and had the bartender curate a cocktail of all the things I loved ie: spicy flavors and tequila.
All in all, our visit here was awesome! I can't wait to come back and try all the things we didn't try our first time around!So glad to see that Chef Jennifer Carroll finally has her own restaurant and that it's in her hometown.  The set up of the room is very open and modern, with tables spread around the large bar area as well as some tables in the back.  I was glad we were in the back where it was a little quieter.
The menu is unusual as were the spices used in most of the dishes.   The majority of the plates we shared were amazing, with tastes we have not experienced before.
The Baked Cheese was ricotta and mozzarella sprinkled with shredded phyllo.  We ordered Flatbread to go with this dish.
I'm not a yogurt enthusiast but the Garlic Yogurt with crudité and berbere flatbread crisps was ridiculously delicious as was the Roasted Cauliflower with coriander cashew butter, pickled onion and herb oil.
The head-on Peri-Perie Shrimp with garlic, harissa and preserved lemon, was also very different as well as delicious.
The Octopus Escabeche with zucchini, corn and herb oil was, although very good, not one of my favorites.
We should have stopped there but had ordered the (whole) Dry Rubbed Chicken with muhumara, potato and zucchini. After only a few bites, we were full but enjoyed the leftovers for dinner the following night.  It was very good but not a particular favorite.
So with 4 drinks the bill, before tip, came to around $142. (Without the chicken it would have only been $109.)  In either case, it was well worth the price.  We are looking forward to another visit.Had an amazing dinner tonight. Great flavors, great service. Hidden gem. Try it, you will love it!I was here the other night for a special occasion and 1 the restaurant is larger than you think, it's like the Tardis. The space is inviting and not cramped. I highly recommend the snap pea infused drink! It's surprising how good it is. The Chicken is great. The carrots were good but clashed with the other dishes we ordered. The Dolmades were some of the best I've had though a bit non traditional. The shrimp were awesome. I would say this is like Suraya of Rittenhouse.Spice Finch is a Center City gem.  I am not typically a fan of Mediterranean food but was invited to join my friend so gave it a try.  We sat at the bar and started with some lovely wine.   Our bartender Nathan described the menu items in great detail and had us wanting to try them all.  Nathan suggested we order various dishes and share them which turned out to be a great idea since the serving sizes are generous.  The shrimp arrived with a warm pita bread to soak up the sauce with.  We had croquettes with an avocado sauce that was amazing.  We rounded out our meal with roasted carrots that also arrived with an amazing sauce.  As a finale we had a shredded wheat dessert that was lovely.  The restaurant is comfortable, warm and welcoming and we didn't feel rushed.   As a visitor to Philly I can't wait to come back.Before talking food, let's start with the service: fantastic! We got Seth as our server and he took us on a magic carpet food journey with the way he described flavors and suggested pairings. I got the shishito peppers which had a bit too many seeds and a sauce that wasn't exactly complimentary. I got the lamb ribs which were good but not the most tender- perhaps it would have been better if I got the lamb shank which Seth raved about. The peri peri shrimp were a bit overcooked. The drink I got, Rest in Pete's, was deliciously tasty and unique with sumac put on the side of the glass for added allure and flavor. All in all, I would come back for drinks and the service but have a main meal elsewhere.We came here to celebrate a special birthday and it turned into a 2+ hour meal because of the horrible service. 2 people's fish entrees were served raw and then we waited for 30 minutes for dessert to be served to our table without anyone coming to check on us. Not only that but the waitress was snarky and the receptionist did not even thank us for dining at the restaurant. However, after the fact the manager did take something off of our bill which was very nice but she was incredibly disrespectful. I would not go back or recommend this restaurant at all which is a shame because the food was good.What even is a finch? I think we all think we know but we really have no clue. Kinda like the food here - everything sounds delicious but we have no idea what it will be until it hits the table. And thank goodness it is a terrifically delicious surprise! 
What we ate:
charred carrot hummus 
shabazi fries
roasted cauliflower 
chili chicken kebab
date braised lamb shank
garlic yogurt 
burnt cream 
two excellent cocktails - rest in pete's and the clover club! 
I loved everything, but faves would be the chicken kebab and the lamb shank and the garlic cream and the cocktails and how many more ands can I stuff into this run on sentence. 
Bottom line: Terrific place to come with a small or big group, with adventurous eaters who love sharing a smattering over great cocktails in a chill space.
To try next time:
octopus
samosa
lamb ribsThis was one of the most incredible experiences I've had dining out in a looong time! Impeccable service, exquisite flavorful food (all the dishes are amazing!) please make this stop if you like Mediterranean.Another 4.5 star YELP rating which ends up an average, A-OK, 3 stars.  Maybe I was at these last two restaurants (see my review of the Royal Boucherie) on the wrong nights, or something is in the city water, or my taste buds are not aging as beautifully as I am. :-)
The restaurant itself is very cosmopolitan, right off the lobby of the Warwick, and very chic contemporary.
I tried one of their specialty cocktails, the Clover Club, which was gin, raspberry, lemon, dry vermouth, and a  frothy egg white.  A little sweet for my taste , but not bad overall.  I switched to beer after that.  The beer selection sucked...no IPA's on tap!
Let me preface by saying I am not always a fan of the small plate, except at certain places.  The presentation of each dish disappears immediately as you start shoveling food from the serving plate on to your little plate, and sometimes you miss all of the flavors/sauces/dressings as they appear on one side of the dish and not on the other.  You should be with friends you don't mind sharing everything with, including, but not limited to their germs and sexually transmitted diseases.
On to the food.
   Blistered shishito peppers - could have done without, very uneventful and only slightly blistered/charred - 2 stars
   Roasted cauliflower - quite crispy - 4 stars
   Stuffed grape leaves - never showed up at the table, but I HEARD they were very good.  They showed up on my check though, thanks to our unattentive server, but then had it removed after I pointed it out - N/A stars
   Peri-peri shrimp - just ok, it was shrimp, it was ok, it was shrimp - 3 stars
   Dry-rubbed chicken - the highlight of the night, but it was room temperature when it arrived at the table, and the wonderful roasted veggies were actually cold. So this 5 star dish loses a star - 4 stars 
   Lemon yogurt sauce - talked into this by the server, it was like throwing money away, could have done without - 2 stars 
Now, if I go back here, it will be to try a few other plates.  But I would sit at the bar, always better service in my opinion.  I like being in the place physically, but as I said I was hoping for a 4.5 star experience.been 2x for brunch and am hesitant to write this review because it's the best kept secret in the city. favorite dishes include the eggs, tahini, peppers, and the shakshuka!We enjoyed everything about this restaurant.
The restaurant itself has a great vibe, a sleek look, and unsurprisingly attracts a trendy crowd. They feature an interesting selection of mixed cocktails and a strong, albeit pricey ($16 for Basil Haydens? Ouch!), list of spirits. 
The wait staff recommends ordering a selection of plate sizes, that are designed to be shared. For our "Small Plates" we began with the "Shabazi Fries" and "Tortilla". Both were outstanding. For our "Large Plates" we went with the "Peri-Peri Shrimp" and "Lamb Ribs". Again, both were excellent, especially the Lamb Ribs. We complimented our main course with the Roasted Cauliflower, which was also incredible. With a total of 3 cocktails and tip, the total damage was $145 ($45 of which was bar bill). 
Spice finch has definitely found its way into our regular rotation of Philly restaurants.Delicious food. This place is expensive but the food is truly incredible so I felt it was worth it. We were a group of five and each paid about $54 each (including tip). We each had one drink. One dessert was ordered a couple of coffees.
Anyway, the different spices that are used are artfully combined. Everything was tasty and each dish was such a flavorful experience. We ordered about 5 small plates, all vegetable bases, the catch of the day, one meat entree and a vegetable entree. 
The service was excellent and the restaurant is modern and very spacious. 
I was stuffed. The portions are not big but if you share it works well.