Delicious! Great noodles and broth and veggies. Decent dumplings.  I'm definitely going back.Service was excellent.  There were four of is and two had brought food from a different restaurant.  We asked if it was okay to eat all together.  She said no problem.  So cool!  We all ordered bubble tea which were delicious.  Mango was the table favorite. 
Our server recommended that we get the Sihracha hand drawn noodle.  We were more than satisfied.  We even got to watch them make our noodles in the back! 
I ordered mild and it was spice-ayy. 
My only thing was this was one of two highly rated noodle joints in Chinatown.  Food and service were great but the decor sucked.  Looked like a B rated Chinese takeout spot.As you may have probably experienced there are quite a few good choices when it comes to good authentic Asian cuisine in china town Philly. So here I am on a Sunday afternoon searching through my fellow Yelper's opinions and after seeing 4 stars after 4 stars on most restaurants it comes down to the best reviews, so at last we decided on Spice C seeing that it was actually one of the places we haven't tried in the decades we've been eating in this part of town. 
Gotta tell you we were pleasantly surprised. The service was very good and the food equally as good. We had calamari and jelly fish for appetizers and then followed it up one of their many Pho soups choices. Winner- winner all around good dinner. Small place that was pretty crowded and it appeared to have many locals as they were chatty with several of the tables in a very comfortable way. Next time I'll try something a little more authentic.Eggplant in garlic sauce is the bomb. The noodles are definitely the highlight here, and the steamed or fried dumplings are fantastic as well.Came in here after it being recommended by my uncle. Came back feeling disappointed. It's a plus that the noodles are hand drawn but that's the only thing thats making this restaurant special. 
 I got the fish noodle soup. The fish was nicely cut and tender. However that was it. The soup itself felt bland. The noodles also didn't feel or taste any different from other noodle places. I mean, if you're going to make hand drawn noodles your selling point, at least go through with it. 
My dad had the lamp noodle soup and he said that the lamb was tough while the broth was bland too. I've tried both of our soup's broths and it tasted like they had the same broth. Surprising since the toppings were completely different. Kind of lazy if you ask me. 
My brother had the spicy szechuan beef and whoa, the sauce completely takes over the dish. It was so strong. While it's nice to have a strong punch, after a few bites you just can't take it anymore.Delicious! I am very glad we came. Located in the heart of Chinatown, this store is a gem.  My SO and I stopped here for a snack. The hand-drawn noodles in szechuan sauce were delicious (opt for the slight price increase). The noodles were just ever-so-slightly overcooked but that did not detract from the great flavor of the broth. The meat was tender and very hearty and satisfying. My SO, who has spent many years in Shanghai, said they taste very authentic.The name and logo looks awfully similar to a restaurant just down the street.... I'd give this place a 3.5
Yup, it's another hand drawn noodle place NOT to be confused with Nan Zhou. We thought we'd give this a try and see how it compares with Nan Zhou. Prices look similar and so did the beef noodle soup that came out. I got the sliced beef one, which I also normally get at Nan Zhou. 
The Noodles: you could definitely tell it was hand drawn since they were so different in size. It was strange how my noodles differed in diameter dramatically compared to my dinner dates'. I also found them to be extra tangled. I appreciate that it's homemade and good but I still think it should be more uniform. Also, they really do give you A LOT of noodles!
The Soup: It was good but it just lacked the depth that Nan Zhou's soup has. I also found that it left a greasy film on the lips and I had to constantly wipe them with a napkin.  
The Meat: It was tasty and soft, I'd say better than Nan Zhou. My friend who got the beef brisket, felt like there was too much fat in his and the Nan Zhou one was better. 
Overall, not bad. And if that was the only one around, I'd eat it again. However, since it is a copy cat, I'd still rather go to the original.Great noodle house. Fried pork dumplings were also incredible. Definitely will be back.We ordered a house special noodle, a sezchuan noodle soup and and something in chinese... The waiter brought us 3 bowls of beef noodles. It was ok. Still steamed because of bad service, not letting us know what we ordered....Spice C is one of my go-to spots in Chinatown if I don't know what I want to eat. They have a big selection of noodles, rice, and soup dishes, so I always find something I like there. Their house special beef hand drawn noodle soup is definitely my favorite dish on the menu. Make sure you add the pickled mustard greens on top because it really makes a difference. The noodle soup is really flavorful, and the beef is super tender. Their handmade noodles are out of this world. You can tell that the noodles are made fresh. They know what they are doing when it comes to noodles.After Superstorm Sandy, I hadn't left my house for 4 days and was seriously craving some food that wasn't out of a non-perishable can. A steaming bowl of  hand drawn noodles sounded like just what I needed. I ordered the Wonton Noodle Soup and liked the broth, but would have liked fewer noodles and more wontons and vegetables.Get the house special noodle soup!  I love their shaved noodles.  Tastes so fresh and the thickness and chewiness is spot on.  Portions are big.  Usually lasts me 2 meals, granted I'm on the smaller side.  If you order to go, they'll package the soup and noodles separately so your noodles won't get soggy.I actually returned because Terry C. mentioned that the Noodle with Pork (ja jiang mien) was better here than it was at Nan Zhou. I really like the Nan Zhou one so I decided to come back here to give this same dish a try. I have to agree that I prefer this one to Nan Zhou's since it has a bit more the fermented bean flavor. They also give a hefty portion (though not quite as much as Nan Zhou) and their noodle this time was surprisingly uniform and delicious.
In short... Nan Zhou = beef noodle soup, Lan Zhou = ja jiang mienThe hand drawn noodles are delicious here!! We had the roast pork, house beef, and wonton noodle soups, and all were delicious (well, the wonton noodle soup was a bit underwhelming). The noodles were of the perfect consistency and the portions were generous. The gyoza appetizer was also quite good!
The service was speedy as well. We'll definitely be returning!This is a great little gem in Chinatown. Been here twice so far and I can honestly say is one of the best noodle places in Chinatown. My friends and I wanted to go to Penang down the street but it was so packed! We kept walking and found this lovely place.
The shaved noodles are so unique and something I haven't found anywhere else! The schezwan rice dish is on my list of favorites and any of their noodle dishes are simple and freshly made. The ambiance is simple and casual. Just right for a quick bite in the area. The service is always friendly and efficient.Great noodles and broth. The pots tickers are the best anywhere. I like the beef lover and the hand drawn noodles but either type is good, also try spicy if you can.This is a noodle place that is located right across the Heng Fa Supermarket. It specializes in hand drawn noodles, so I recommend ordering one of their dishes that had hand drawn noodles. I thought they were a little over ambitious in spicy flavorings of their pad thai, but their hand drawn noodles were solid. It's a 3.5 star rating for me. 
What we ordered
We ordered a pad thai and their 3 treasures hand drawn noodles. The pad thai was a little too over flavored- spicy with a big salty punch and there was sweetness. Definitely drink some water down if you're ordering this dish. I thought their 3 treasures hand drawn noodle was better flavored. It is not complex like the pad thai with its ambitious balance of sweet, salty, spicy, and umami. It's a delicate balance between delicious and overspiced and in this case, I guess it's why this place is called "Spice C", this is a little overspiced. 
The 3 treasures noodle was chewy and had a more clean flavor- flavorful, oily, and salty but none of the sweetness and spiciness that other dishes had. Definitely a good pick for someone who's not into complex flavors and wanted to try out a pan fried hand drawn noodle dish here in Philly Chinatown. 9.99$ for both dishes was a fair price - following in line with the other restaurants around with comparable fares, quality, and price. 
Service- Service was a little ghost like. We had to ask for our hot water a couple of times before flagging down another waiter to help us out. They are attentive when they seat you, but kind of ghost on you afterwards.I came in here during lunch after hearing there was good hand drawn noodles in this area. I ordered the seafood stirfry and the only thing good about it was the noodles. The seafood tasted like it was precooked and old.
The vegetables were cold and soggy even the eggs they topped it off with. This dish came out so fast before the other meat dishes which was slightly strange. The dish cost $9 for a seafood dish.
I would not recommend this place to a friend and do not intend of coming back either.The seafood noodle soup in the spicy and the fish tofu is the absolute best! Should mention that I wasn't a fan of their noodles (but the broth is very good) and the pineapple fried rice. Service is always quick and efficient. Needless to say, one of my newly fave restaurants in C-town :).Zack said these noodles were the closest thing to any noodle he ate during his study abroad trip to Beijing in 2008. I believe him. Light on flavor (in a good way), you don't feel sick after eating them. The dumplings were A+ as well. Quick and easy spot for an inexpensive dinner in Chinatown (BYOB, too!).Not a bad place to grab quick Chinese food, but you could definitely do a lot better around Chinatown. I've been here twice with friends and both times the food has been alright. We tried the shaved noodle soup with chicken and vegetables, and the Szechuan spicy soy sauce pork over rice (I usually like more solid foods). I'm no connoisseur of noodles, but nothing about the soup wowed me: the broth wasn't bad but definitely could have used a little more savory chicken flavor. There was a good amount of sliced chicken and noodles were pretty plentiful but just a little chewy and thick enough that you might get tired of them by the end of the bowl. My ground pork dish tasted like soy sauce (big surprise) but didn't have much else to it. The marinated egg that came with it was tasty but the yolk was pretty dry. The plate filled me up but besides that I didn't feel like I ate anything special.
Overall, it's alright place to go if you're in a pinch or want something simple, but not a must-visit of Chinatown. Service was fine but just be warned that it is cash only (although I think there's an ATM by the entrance).This was my first time with hand-drawn noodles. They were chewier than your typical noodle. But otherwise, it's nothing special. The food is pretty cheap but again nothing special.Great place to stop by just in Chinatown. Craving noodles this is place to be for noodles. Noodles and pork schezuan sauce. Potstickers, calamari and other shaved noodles. Noodles are hand made and really fresh tasting. Will definitely come back here if I'm around the area. Trying to find a place like this I'm dc area and I can't. If the store read this you guys should consider opening a place in DC!! You're sure to find me thereEverything I've had here has been good: wings, soup, stir fry noodles, etc. Fair price and quick service. I even saw Philly Celebrity Chef 'Michael Solomonov' (Zahav, Federal Donuts, etc.) get takeout here with his kids, so it must be good!Small bowl of noodle soup was $9.25 and $1.50 for the Szechuan soup base = $10.75; add tip and it was $13. Good but extremely overpriced for what it was. Nice, but nothing extraordinary and certainly not worth the price. Try Nan Zhou at 1/2 cost.The 3 tresure stir fry is awesome...just the chairs are too close so I get bumped a lot...some of the waiters are aggressive but I love the foodHand shaven noodles... Amazing!! I absolutely loved this place. My family and I were walking around, ready to just have a quick dinner anywhere in the area, when we happened upon this place. Boy am I glad we did! 
The broth for my beef soup was so good. Hearty, piping hot, and perfectly aromatic. Then the hand shaven noodles were just so chewy and delicious!! I was super happy with my choice! My brother got the szechuan spicy broth and that was also super good. Great prices for a huge bowl of noodles. 
I'd like to come back to try the hand drawn noodles. If they're as good as the hand shaven then I will be over the moon! :)I came here because my friend recommended it to me. I had the ox tail noodle. WoooooW the ox tail was soft and comes off the bone easy. I usually don't drink the broth from other restaurant but the broth from here was very delicious and I drank the WHOLE thing. The service was very warm and friendly. To all my FB friends you have to try this place, Highly recommended. I Will definitely come again with the whole family.Definitely the best place to eat Nan Zhou ramen!!! The food's size is big enough and the price is not expensive. My boyfriend and my first date was there and we went back there all the time.Solid noodle soup base, which is how I primarily judge my 兰州拉面. for that warmed spicey taste, upgrade to the "Grandfather spicy" special (on the second page of the menu. You won't regret it. I like to get the one with all sorts of beef inside. The noodles are yummy. This is my go-to place whenever I miss my home-cooked Chinese flavors.We arrived in Philly on Thursday morning, it was freezing cold. The trolley we thought were were going to ride on that day were not running. We walked to Chinatown because I was craving for noodle soup. So we yelped and it took us to this place.
When we walked it, it was warm and friendly.  We sat down trying to defrost, and sipped on tea.
My boyfriend and I ordered noodle soup.  He ordered the combination, spicy soup, I ordered duck and wonton noodle soup, their famous pot sticker, egg rolls, and fish balls. 
Everything was good, except I wish my duck had more meat, i only got duck fat and bones. I do recommend the appetizers and the soup.
I just wish they accepted cards. Its really inconvenience especially when you don't carry cash but credit.
Next time I am in Philly I will try this place again and give it another try.I've ate here a few times and I think It's alright, I wouldn't say it's bad. But if you're a noodle person, you might like this place cuz they do got diff kinds and they got spicy flavor.Probably the best soup and Szechuan food generally that I've ever had. I have been coming here on a regular basis for a year or so, and I've never gotten tired of it. Cash only, no frills. But if you're there for the food you won't be disappointed.Delicious, flavorful broth. Terrific Chinese comfort food.就在今天！3月31号！我在这家店吃出来了一条我半个大拇指大的虫子！！！还要收费！！态度超级不好n千万不要再来这家店吃了！！给你一颗星是提醒你要点儿逼脸！！！中国人开店开成这个逼样儿！！！知道为什么一辈子出不去中国城吗！！因为出去活不了！！！！傻逼！！！！I'm surprised by some of the negative reviews.  I think this is one of the best restaurants in Philly.
This place is extremely simple, and extremely minimal.  The menu is utterly terrifying to most westerners...tripe, tendon, cattle viscera, the like.  Order duck, and you'll find a half of a duck--including one foot, in the soup!
There is not much variety: all dishes are basically the same, either noodles with broth on the side, or noodle soup.  The noodle soup has a delicately spiced broth with anise and other spices.  The broth is unique, and is a signature of this place.  I find the broth outstanding, and when I come here, I drink it all up, it's so good.  One of the other reviewers remarked that the broth "needed something", perhaps salt--I actually like the broth because it's less salty though, which is what enables me to drink it all up.  A salty broth, I just pick the food out of and leave to be discarded.  The dishes also all come with cabbage, and there is pickled cabbage, now served on the side (it used to be included on top of the food).  The total effect is that the food is relatively balanced, although still a bit carb-heavy (this is a noodle house, after all).
There are a few appetizers.  I love the dumplings: they are outstanding!!!  Thin, a little meat and scallions, cooked to perfection, I prefer them fried but they're good steamed as well.
The noodles are really good.  You can see them being made fresh in the back; if you haven't had fresh noodles, you'll be very pleasantly surprised, but if you had, you'll probably find this place is a good contender with the best.
Most noodle houses have more variety.  Few have higher quality.  I have become a huge fan of this place.  Oh, and the prices?  Dirt cheap, and very generous portions.LOVE everything about this place!
from noodle to dishes, very authentic and so much flavors and choices... 
the history of Lan Zhou hand drawn noodle is so interesting. I would recomand for everyone to try every dish!
fast for take out, great lunch, dinner, or meeting spot, you will see a mixture of Chinese, American and other people to dine in, so that should said enough about the place :)the shaved egg noodles will remind you of German schnitzel. The broth was good  but could have been a bit more rich and dark to match my ox tail meat. Portions are very generous. Service was fast. Prices are very cheap. Soups are under $7. The dumplings were decent.I enjoyed a wholesome bowl of shaved noodles in lamb soup. The thick and chewy noodles were wonderful, and there was a looot of it. 
It's rare to see lamb in noodle soups. I don't know why because the broth was meaty heaven! I'm not averse to that gamey flavour. The bones are no big deal if you're used to ordering spare ribs for dim sum; this is even easier to eat. My only minor complaint is that the meat was a bit tough.
The place is cramped but you get seated fast, even if you're there for a conference and everyone is rushing out of seminars at noon. Be prepared to share a table if you're going solo.This is my boyfriend's favorite restaurant and it took a while to finally convince him to take me(because it means that much to him!) I was very impressed by how tasty everything was. He got the Dragon & Phoenix hand drawn noodles with regular beef soup as his base, I got the roast pork, chicken, and shrimp hand drawn noodles with spicy Szechuan soup as my base with a marinated egg, and we shared steamed pork dumplings. The regular beef base soup reminds me of the beef broth usually served with pho, a Vietnamese cuisine. It's definitely a delicious alternative to those who don't like spicy food. However, I like spicy food so I got the Szechuan base soup for mine. It was really spicy but that made it a lot more flavorful for me. The roast pork and chicken were cooked very nicely and the shrimp was fresh. The steamed pork dumplings were also very good. 
A small restaurant that might take a while to seat you and it's a fast paced environment. The servers won't constantly check on you as they are running around so you will just have to yell out to get their attention. One of the guys working there was very nice and smiley- more so than the others. Will be returning more when it gets colder!I had the house special hand shaved noodles. Broth was flavorful and the noodles had a nice chewy texture. Service is fast, so it's a great place to go if you're short on time. Like many restaurants in Chinatown, it's cash only.this place is tasty, and food comes out fast.  i had their house special stir fried hand drawn noodle, and would only recommend that particular dish if you've eaten tendons and briskets before, otherwise it may be too authentic for you (in that case, stick w/ chicken, shrimp or beef).  The service is attentive and food comes out really fast and the noodles are so good.  Fantastic comfort food.My very first visit to this place was probably around a year ago. I tell you, when I had my first bowl of ramen noodles here, I fell in love. I'm a big fan of noodles. Whether its instant noodles, pho, or spaghetti, i loved noodles. I ordered the sliced chicken hand drawn noodle soup with a medium level of their Szechuan spices added. I don't really know how to explain how good it is. Its just really that good. Sometimes, I'll take a bite, and then stare into my bowl knowing how blessed I am in that moment. Not before long, I became a regular, coming every week or so. I've tried many things on their menu and nothing has disappointed me in the taste category. Portion-wise, i believe they give a decent amount for hand drawn noodle soups, but for any stir fried dishes, expect less than you anticipate. All of the appetizers are good, especially the potstickers. Customer service is good and better compared to most stores in the area. It is definitely my go to spot in chinatown.Love the Sichuan spicy beef hand drawn noodle soup.  The broth is so rich and tasty.  They also have pickled mustard greens on the table so you can add as much as you like.  The pepper oil is also very fragrant.Design: clean and modern. Best in small groups.
Service: waiter was quick and efficient. Took some time for food to come when we were the only ones there.
Food: nice broth. Price is more for the noodles. Not enough meat.
Price: cheap but could have used better and more meat.
Overall: I rather go to a duck house for noodle soup since its faster, cheaper, and meatier.The Chinese broccoli was awesome! I had the veggie soup with hand drawn noodles. Huge portion, very good and fresh.  Lots of good veggies.台式红烧牛肉面，还成吧。Rather than pure, straightforward (and utterly divine) beef noodle that is the signature of northwestern China, this place goes Taiwan style. In this sense it's inappropriate to be compared to Nan Zhou...The broth is soy-sauce based and deeply saturated by the flavor of beef. The beef tendon's texture is something I really appreciate, and would be heartwarming if I were to have that in winter. The noodles itself, boast to be hand stretched, is pretty legit, but not that amazing. However I've lived in Beijing for most of my life so probably my bar is higher. If you don't have any idea what hand-stretched noodles means, definitely try this one. Besides that I did the eggplant dish in the appetizer. Again, legit, but not raising an eyebrow if I encountered it back home.I have never had shaved noodles before so I'm not sure how this compares to other places. However, that being said, I am pretty much in love. This place is well located and easy to find on a popular corner of chinatown, which is pretty much why we walked in. We were lucky enough to find a table for 4 just walking in, considering it was chinatown on a Saturday night and the area was fairly small.
It looked nice and clean and reminded me of a casual local restaurant I would go to in a college town. Everyone looked like a comfy student trying to get their noodle fix for the night. 
I ordered the Pork Soy with shaved noodles and it was amazing (kind of spicy and really flavorful) and a pretty good portion. The noodles were really nice and chewy. I also ordered a taro bubble tea (pretty average.) The best part is that my entire meal was about 10 dollars. The only slight downside is that there is a $15 minimum for credit cards so be prepared for that.
Other than that, our server was really nice, incredibly helpful (my indecisive ordering skills are out of control), and refilled water without having to call her over. I cannot wait to come back here and try something new next time.My new favorite noodle soup place(also the stir fry noodles). I have heard about this place but today I actually walked in and the waitress was really nice. The place was clean, the only issue I had was the bathroom. I ordered the double love stir fry noodle, the beef noodle soup, also the garlic wings. The noodles came before the garlic wings which was kind of funny because the wings were supposed to be my appetizer but whatever it was still good. But oh my god the stir fry noodles is one of the best noddles I've ever tasted! I came from a country where noodles are our breakfast and oh that noodles was definitely my favorite so far. I can't wait to come back and try more noodles(I got the hand drawn, I think it's better).The hand pulled noodles were awesome. Bouncy with a good chew. I had the spicy Szechuan broth in the house brisket and tendon bowl. Super savory, nice spice level. Also had the garlic sauce eggplant app. Very tender, sweeter than expected...not amazing, but pretty good. The place is small, inviting, clean and well-appointed, and the staff is always friendly and helpful.They should be called Spice A cause their food was not C level.
I have no idea why their restaurant is called C. but it was Crazy good. The amount of meat they put in their beef noodle soup was the most I have ever gotten in Chinatown. So for value most def worth the money.
I love good beef noodle soup and their soup base is on point. I really do like their noodles too. 
Now I just need to go back and try something else. I hope the quality is the same.Decent spot for lunch.  We had the dumplings, pan-fried, the soy sauce pork noodle, and the sliced beef noodle soup.  
The pros:  Dumplings, pan-fried, were delicious.  We both agreed these were some of the best we've had.  Plenty of chive and a delicate flavor.  The noodles themselves were also quite good, texture-wise.   My boyfriend liked his soy sauce pork, though the fermented taste of the black bean paste was a little overpowering to me.  I think it's a matter of taste though.  
The cons: The broth for the noodle soup needed something.  Maybe salt?
Overall, quick, cheap, clean, and tasty.Best hand drawn noodle soup in Philly - absolutely no contest. The noodles are stretched evenly to the perfect chewy consistency. The Sichuan broth is numbing, spicy, savory, and just a touch sour as it should be. The pickled veggies on the table are perfection - I practically dump the whole container into my bowl each time. The serving size is way too big, but that's okay because the soup heats up nicely and tastes even better the next day. 
My one complaint is that you are not allowed to customize your toppings. The pre-chosen combinations are just not vast enough to please every eater. In this respect, Spice C should really take a tip from pho restaurants, where you can pretty much get any combination of toppings imaginable.
When snow hits and those soup cravings start to get you, consider Spice C. There's not much that could warm you better than a hot bowl of spicy soup. Your taste buds will thank you.Came here for the first time yesterday, to satisfy what was originally a hankering for ramen and I'm glad my boyfriend knew of this place and changed my mind. After Yakitori Boy, Spice C might be my second favorite place to eat in Chinatown. And there's a lot of competition, because Chinatown is such a hotspot of so many wonderful foods, if I moved to this part of the city I would eat noodles and duck and sushi every meal of every day of the week.
Anyway, onto Spice C. It has a modest, small dining area and while it looks bland compared to the newer, fancier places populating Chinatown, give your eyes a rest and let your nose do the work for you. Because Spice C smells like Heaven. If Heaven were a noodle place. Which, it might be.
I ordered the hand-drawn noodles with jumbo shrimp, szechuan style, medium heat. My boyfriend got the house special, which I think is different cuts of beef. The soup came out amazingly fast, and my first bite had me seeing stars. Because it was spicy. And I'm just a poor little white girl with White People Taste Buds. Seriously, I think I have a good grip on spice but the medium Szechuan surprised me. Did not stop me from demolishing that entire dang bowl of every last noodle, however. And this was a big bowl of soup! The noodles were perfect, and there was a lot going on in that bowl. Mushroom root, and bok choy floating around in the broth.
The shrimp were large, but I only got 4 or 5. Not the worst amount. I could have eaten 13 or 15 because they were that good, firm but tasty. 
We also split an order of spring rolls. Crunchy, flaky, stuffed with chicken and shrimp. I also could have eaten a plateload of those things. 
Keep doing your thing, Spice C. I'll definitely be back for more delicious soup on these cold winter nights. Be here when its 90 degrees in summer, too. Next time however, I'll probably take the waitress' skeptical look to heart when I asked for medium heat. I'll probably punk out and do mild next time.I was told to come here when I was in Philly next, and I'm so glad I did. The pork dumplings were the best this white girl has ever had- perfectly crispy yet light. The noodle soup was what we came for though and shaved or hand drawn, both bowls we got (medium schezuan spice) really hit the spot, especially on this 20 degree day. It's cash only fyi. So good!So good left me with cravings! (This past weekend went to a noodle place around the corner that did not live up). 
My husband convinced me to get the shaved noodles & I picked shrimp and chicken. 
He got seafood, hand pulled. We both opted to pay $1.50 extra each for Sichuan (which seems a bit steep for spices). Both of our dishes were excellent but I preferred the hand drawn. 
We started with pa dumplings. Loved them. We left full and wishing we came with more people so we could have tried more dishes. Can't wait to go back and try more!This place is the best. Their noodles are delicious. I hade their house special hand drawn noodle spicy so good. Their calamari was good but their spicy wings wasn't to my liking it tasted weird and too salty.A rare thing it is to find a well made noodle, and Lan Zhou Hand Drawn Noodle House is indeed a flawless diamond in a sea of coal. Being northern Chinese I have a very strong opinion of hand drawn noodles, and the ultimate test was the thick noodles with Lamb. When done correctly, it is near impossible to screw up the lesser degree of difficulty of thin noodles with duck and easier dishes. To explain that statement one only needs to remember the difficulty in maintaining the texture and structure of a thick noodle, while containing the essence of a lamb broth without overpowering one with a gamy feel. 
To this end, Lan Zhou did not disappoint. The noodle was firm, and provided that xian flavor that all good broth has. The ambiance is what one would expect in a row style restaurant in the middle of Chinatown, and is homely yet immediately transported back in to a restaurant in Beijing. The only reason I have not given this place a 5 star is the pig ear/intestine/tripe combo, as it did not have enough seasoning. Otherwise a great place for any in Chinatown.I had to give Yummy a try...to see if it is better (i had doubts going in), same, or worse than my favorite noodle house (Nan Zhou Hand Drawn). 
It's between same to worse. It's not bad. Just not same or better. 
1. Service- Actually...I prefer Nan Zhou. At least they refill water when I am there. The food comes out a lot quicker. We had two tables of 6 (because the only large table which can fit 6 was occupied by 4 people- go figure) and the dumplings came out quick (within 5 mins). Noodles must have come out about 5-7 mins later. Friendly service. 
2. Decor- Much nicer and more tables. But I really prefer the hustle and bustle of Nan Zhou. I really don't need a chandlier when I am eating oh-so-delicious noodles. They do have a better viewing for the noodle making. Bigger kitchen view than Nan Zhou.
3. Soup- Doesn't compare. It tastes almost gamey. Not as rich and deep as Nan Zhou. Didn't like it at all. 
4. Noodles- This is where I think Yummy is the similar (not better!) as Nan Zhou. Slightly softer (maybe my bowl sat too long in the kitchen?). Reminds me more of ramen noodles (which I love equally) than the elastic and chewy hand drawn version at Nan Zhou. It's definitely not the same. I tried two items:
*Meatballs with hand drawn- don't like the meatballs. It's more like wontons but the wrapper/skin has a weird texture.
*Noodle with Pork (ja jiang mien)- I LIKE this much more than Nan Zhou. It's not as greasy. Comes in a bowl. and the flavor is more like the traditional ja jiang mien. It has more fermented bean flavor than Nan Zhou. 
I agree with the other reviewers. You would think they would play on Nan's weakness by providing better decor (yummy wins but see my explanation above), better food (nan zhou wins by landslide), better service (tied although i like nan zhou more) and better everything. But Nan Zhou wins because the food trumps the decor and service.Give me all the noods at Spice C. The restaurant is in the middle of Chinatown and a good enough size that it isn't too small and cramped. I haven't strayed far away from the hand drawn noodles but I like mixing up the meats. All my choices: special beef, pork rib, and wonton, have been big hits. The Szhechuan Spicy is definitely worth the extra money (treat yo self) and I appreciate that the pickled mustard greens are right at the table for you to add as much as you desire. The broth is always well balanced and not too salty. The noodles are plentiful with a good amount of chew (they do soften as you eat but never get mushy). The meats are tender and flavorful and complement everything well.
I've ordered the cucumber side dish as a nice cool contrast to the hot noodle soup and also the szechuan wings. The wings are flavorful and have the addicting numbing affect but are a tad oily (unavoidable when the main flavoring is pepper oil).
Overall, I gladly call Spice C a dependable regular and also happily take any visitors. Be warned, CASH ONLY or pay the hefty ATM fee to the ATM in front.The food was cooked fresh and tasted great. Note it's cash only so make sure you have cash!I think i meant to go to the other noodle shop! I still have yet to find it...anywho, i came here twice with my boyfriend. The waitress was very kind both times and the interior decor isn't so bad! I actually thought it might be a little cramped.. But it wasn't! The food is okay..the noodles itself are very good. The broth is a teeny bit bland for my liking though. The meat is great!One of my favorite spots in Philly's Chinatown. Overall similar to Nan Zhou Noodle House, and I've been to both places several times. It's usually easy to get a seat here even for dinner. I almost always get the House Special soup noodles with shave noodles, which they make by basically getting a big hunk of noddle dough and slicing off thick noodle pieces with a sharp knife into boiling soup. It's pretty much the best thing ever if you like chewier noodles with more texture. I loved these style of noodles in Taiwan and was ecstatic to find out there was a similar place closer to home. The hand-drawn noodles are quite good as well, as are the appetizers. Take out is quick too, maybe 10-15 min between placing order and having warm, soupy goodness ready to take home!I came back and this place is actually wheel chair accessible. There is a ramp on the sideOops, I went to the wrong one?
Although I believe this is the less famous of the two Lan Zhou hand drawn noodle houses, I thought this place satisfied my taste buds. 
I ordered the beef noodle soup with the hand drawn noodles. It was flavorful and had a good soup to noodle to beef ratio. The noodles were al dente and had just enough chew - exactly how I like it, and the unlimited pickled vegetables on the table is also a plus. 
I'll have to try the other Lan Zhou hand drawn noodle place in Philly's China town before I reach my verdict as to which one is best, but for now, this is a solid place for comfort food.Went again today. SO GOOD per usual. Pork dumplings. Hand drawn noodles. Nuff said. As a reminder, this is a cash only business. Service is attentive.Went there a few times. Noodles are yummy. The last time I was there I found a hair in my bowl. Which I know isn't mine since I have blue hair. Told the waitress and everyone acted like I planted the hair. One of the waiter took my bowl and walked away saying "the bowl is half way eaten". The manager came out and told me he can give me 50% off my bowl since the bowl I ordered was big. Horrible customer service but then again it's Chinatown so I can't expect much. Won't be going there again.Today the line at Nan Zhou Noodle House was kind of long, so we decided to try this place. I got the Double Love (beef brisket + sliced beef) noodles and my friend got the sliced beef noodle soup. Mine was barely even warm and the portion was so small that I left hungry. It did not seem fresh at all and lacked flavor. My friend said that his was mediocre at best, and that the beef had a gamey/pungent smell to it. We both agreed that this place is subpar compared to Nan Zhou. I guess that's why it was quiet here on a Friday night vs. the long line at Nan Zhou. Won't be eating here again...This place is awesome! We got their fried dumplings and Szechuan style spicy shrimp noodle soup with hand drawn noodles. Both were . We will definitely be going back!!!Not an expert in hand drawn noodles but they were so fresh and perfectly cooked. Deliciously al dente. (Can I use that word to describe Asian noodles?) Only drawback was the service. It was difficult to get the server's attention, but it was really busy.We went for our friend's birthday. We started with a bunch of appetizers which were all very tasty. My fiance and my friend each got the hand drawn noodle soups and both loved it. My fiance got the super spicy lamb noodle soup. He loves spicy food and got the highest level of spicy. Delicious!
Our friend got the duck and wonton added roasted pork soup. She said it was so so good. 
I got the hand drawn stir fried noodles. It wasn't anything great but I would go back for the soup. 
FYI they don't serve alcohol.On a cold 40 deg Autumn day, we wandered around Chinatown and into Spice C to get ourselves warmed up.  Their big bowls of noodle soups did the trick.  It wasn't that busy with a few open tables around noon.  It's pretty cool that there's a big tub of pickled vegetables on every table with a mini tub of hot chili oil and Sriracha sauce.  We ordered Pork Spare Rib and the House Special Beef noodle soups, both with hand drawn (pulled) noodles.  Knife shaved noodles was the other option, but I like the texture of hand drawn because the extra working/pulling of the dough gives the noodle that nice chewiness when you bite into it.
Our big bowls arrived steaming and we dived in.  Soon we were among all the other patrons with our faces planted in our bowls with glasses steaming up and joined in making slurping noises heard throughout the restaurant.  We also ordered a plate of stir fried Chinese broccoli which was drenched in garlic (a good thing), coming up for air and a stalk of broccoli and diving back into the noodle bowl.  I loved the flavor of the broth and the chunks of stewed beef flanken, tendon and tripe.   I was both satisfied and disappointed when I soon made it to the bottom of the bowl.  Tempting as it was to order another, that would have to wait for a return trip as I sloshed out of there.I do love noodles and these noodles have great textures and taste. If you sit close to the kitchen you can actually see them being freshly made. If you like spicy, you can make everything Szechwan spicy.Amazingly good. Seaweed salad was perfect. Noodles uber tender.We really loved this place. This is a cash only restaurant, btw. We ordered the hand pulled noodle soup (one house special and one 3 treasures). And for started we had the fried spring rolls which were perfectly hot and crispy. The soup was served in a huge bowl. It was hot and tasty. The noodles had the perfect elasticity and texture. I couldn't finish my soup so we packed it to go! Great food, def recommend.As much as I hate to do it, this review will basically just be a verbal Venn diagram comparing Yummy Lan Zhou to Nan Zhou Hand Drawn a few steps away. It won't be super colorful or even that interesting, but since I know many people are just wondering "Is it better or worse than Nan Zhou??", hopefully it will at least be useful. Broken down into categories:
- Decor: Yummy blows Nan Zhou out of the water on this one. Shiny new table tops AND a chandelier??
- Space: It's weird not having to wait to be seated whilst cramped in a door frame and half your party spilling out on the front steps. Another one to Yummy.
- Menu: While they are very similar (even in their choice of font and layout), Yummy's is a bit more extensive. They include an entire section for "chow hand drawn noodle" (served dry). It lacks the peanut butter noodle of Nan Zhou though, which saddens me slightly.
- Price: More or less the same.
- Service: Both restaurants deliver the food at lightning speed, though without a hint of a friendly smile or a "how is everything going here?" There is no real winner. But then again, this is Chinatown.
- Broth: Hand it over to Nan Zhou. Yummy's broth is good, but not quite as aromatic.
- Meat: Varies from bowl to bowl. I would say Nan Zhou's is generally more tender and less fatty, but the next person might say the opposite.
- Vegetables: Yummy adds a LOT of the sour vegetable and in much larger pieces. This is something I personally like, but I can see why it might be a negative for others.
- Noodles: Gotta admit, they both are damn good at making noodles. I would agree with a previous reviewer that the ones at Yummy are a little less consistent. Slight win for Nan Zhou.
- Chili oil: I personally believe Nan Zhou has the best chili oil in all of Philly Chinatown, so I was pretty disappointed with the bright red, less flavorful, overly oily sauce at Yummy. That's a pretty crucial loss for them. 
I haven't yet had the zha jiang mian at Yummy Lan Zhou, which is one of my most favorite things at Nan Zhou, so until then, the verdict is still out. I wonder if having these two competing hand drawn noodle houses will work to their favor (like when there are two Starbucks on the same corner), or to their ultimate demise (like when there are two mediocre looking men fighting to the death over the affections of a woman neither can have). Only time will tell.Came here after finding that the original handdrawn noodle shop was closed (but apparently has reopened down the street...)
The interior is certainly cleaner and brighter but misses the charm of a no-frills noodle joint. The wait time, however, decreases since there are a lot more tables.
The differences are small - this shop's noodles are less chewy, and I find the broth more salty. The beef noodle soup doesn't come with the pickled vegetables, so they're unlimited and you add them in yourself (I think this contributes to the saltier content of the soup).
I do prefer the original store, but since it's closed, I won't mind coming here.I had the beef tendon hand drawn noodle soup, the broth was pretty flavorful (on the salty side) and noodles were not too bad. I also tried the dried hand drawn noodle with shrimp, pork, and chicken. This is my second time having hand drawn noodles and for some reason I was expecting something fantastic but I wasn't too impressed. I left the restaurant feeling like I needed to drink 3 bottles of water.Restaurant is clean. Soup base is good. I took beef, tendon, and brisket, which is tender. Price is reasonable.My one of the favorite restaurants in Chinatown. I love their spicy noodles, tastes authentic! I'm giving 4 stars because I think they are a little overpriced and I don't like it's cash only.