Wanted to try out something different so we figure it was worth a shot. Food was average but that was to be expected, issue was was we were told they put they food away one hour before event ends and food was put away almost 2 hours before so when we got there rather fight the line we went outside to enjoy the sunset and when we came back in we were shorted on dining time. The crowd was 50% wedding party / 50% sweet sixteen party so felt like the odd guests and the DJ pretty much catered to the wedding. Definitely don't regret going for the cruise experience but definitely a one time thing. It is what it is.This is a horrible venue to hold any event. While attending a university organization function, we had a group that was mixed 21+. In my case, I'm 21 years old. After entering the boat and stumbling on the last step of a staircase, I was surrounded by the bouncing staff accusing me of being near alcohol poisoning. I drink often and on this occasion I was much closer to sober, I'd bet that I would blow a 0.06 in a breathalyzer. Afterwards I was prohibited from ordering drinks and also barred from the upstairs section (where the majority of my friends were). Never host an event on the Spirit of PhiladelphiaWe held a beautiful wedding on Spirit of Philadelphia Cruises.  Our aim was one stop shopping.  And we found it.  The only thing we had to do for wedding preparations on our end, was, buying gowns/suits and finding our own photographer.  This ship included everything, down to the DJ, who was REMARKABLE!  Amanda and Kelly, of the Philadelphia staff were unbelievably great.  They were always first to reach out to us, made sure we were happy, always followed up with us quickly via phone call or email.  Extremely smooth from start to finish.  My confidence with this crew is such that, if I had another event, I'd go even BIGGER!Celebrating the 50th Anniversary of Florence & Anthony Lazzaro aboard the Spirit of Philadelphia. Matt, our server had the table beautifully decorated in candles & roses just for them. Thank You for making it memorable & for great service.We went today for my friend's birthday. The crew were very nice. Every person we encountered wished him a "Happy Birthday"! Our server was constantly checking in on us and was super polite. The food was delicious!!! The deck was roomy and the view was beautiful. We had a great time and I really do recommend it. The DJ played great dancing songs and shout out everyone who was celebrating a special occasion. We would definitely go back for another cruise.My job had a staff appreciation event here for the employees. It was quite exciting to be on a boat! All of the workers and servers are very pleasant, happy, and helpful. You must get in line to dock! You don't wanna be late. There was two levels accessible to us. A dance floor was on the second floor, I believe, which is also where the bathrooms were. They served food buffet style, which all you can eat! Woot, woot. They had salad, chicken, pork, VERY TENDER beef (it's a must!), red velvet brownies, pound cake, rolls, corn casserole, etc... I just wish they had the shrimp orzo salad and the caramel apple bread pudding like the menu stated. I wasn't sure why they were missing a couple of things from the buffet menu! That made me disappointed, but the food was nice! Not something you expect to be extravagant (as bulk of food is usually ok) but it's such a great bonus because it tastes great! They have a DJ but that night when we were there, the DJ only started playing jams and requests around 9, which is when they take food away... and that's when people drink a little more. I kind of hoped they leave some rolls or carbs on the table so some people can nibble on snacks. Oh well, I definitely enjoyed this great experience! Would do it again on my own time!Ever see soul plane?   Well this is soul boat....  Terrible food.  Crappy service.    More like spirit of Camden.  
Seriously?   
WowThe Spirit of Philadelphia worked with our high school reunion committee to put together a night cruise for our 10 year class reunion. Everything was well organized and prepared for our party. 
The boat was nicely laid out especially the upper lounging deck. Service attendants were pretty much at every turn. The views from the ship are amazing. You can see the skyline, the Ben Franklin bridge and the Delaware River.
I didn't enjoy the food and would rate it as mediocre. It was a buffet style dinner with fish, chicken parm meat ball, broccoli and a pasta dish, nothing was too memorable. We were able to order one complimentary or wine with our ticket.
Now we were probably the most lively people on the boat since we were all excited to see each other. From what I noticed the boat caters to an older crowd (40+) and so did the DJ. He played mostly old school slow music in the beginning then top 40 pop. We begged him and then he put on some uptempo old school music..then we took over the dance floor. 
I had a great time at the reunion and thank the staff for working with us. I took stars off for the food and DJ but overall it was a positive experience. If the food was better the rating would definitely be 4/5 stars.Entire experience was a huge disappointment. My mom and I were looking forward to a relaxing tour on the Delaware with good food and entertainment. We paid over 50 dollars a person for a 2 hour excursion. 
What it ended up being was a boat ride and the food was absolutely dreadful. Philly tourists, please skip this attraction. The buffet was gag worthy. We were promised a southern soul brunch and got nasty cafeteria food- chicken, really horrible fish, macaroni noodles, and broccoli. That's not a buffet.
Gospel entertainment was fun but nothing special. Service was pleasant, hence the 2 stars, not one.
I feel bad for the families that do this for special occasions, like birthdays and anniversaries. Go out for a nice meal instead!Don't waste your money people! 
$150 for two people and the food was an absolute embarrassment. 
This was beyond worse than jailhouse food. Cafeteria food would have been better. No flavor. No taste. No seasoning. Cold. Tough. Chewy. 
The options for food were terrible. 
Build a blood Mary according to the displayed pricing but get overcharged for no reason when the bill actually comes. 
The deck has old and nasty moldy couches. Rotting and weathered iron tables outside. 
There is nothing special about this cruise. No wow factor anywhere.
I WANT A REFUND. PERIOD.Yesterday afternoon, I had the opportunity to attend a lunch cruise on the Spirit of Philadelphia with my place of worship's youth group.  
Let me tell you, it was a first time for me, and as such I will never forget it. I remember the first time I got my wisdom teeth pulled, the first time I almost choked to death and the first time I realized that those jeans I wore indeed made me look fat. None of those terrible firsts compare to this one.
To be fair, the kids had a great time, but in all honesty food on a boat with music is a wonderland to them. As an adult, I was none too impressed.
I feel like the Spirit of Philadelphia could be a really nice place, if they took the time to make a few minor changes. For example, the tiny bar at the back is not adequate to support large groups. It would make more sense to have the individual servers bring the beverages to the tables, rather than make 20 ppl wait in line for drinks.
We were a LARGE group, taking up the entire ship, so perhaps they were overwhelmed. 
My other complaint was the meal. To look at the buffet you'd expect your taste buds to be treated to something special. Well honestly it was a full on assault, because nearly everything I ate tasted like it hadn't been seasoned. 
To be fair, the kids seemed to love it and went back for seconds and thirds. As an adult, I was none too impressed. (See what I did there?)
The most puzzling moment came with the entertainment. The DJ played a strange mix of music. The majority of the people on the ship were young adolescents and teens. They played music from Jay-Z's Magna Carter Holy Grail album, Drake, and other recent hip hop songs with the language BARELY censored.
The most hilarious moment came when all thirty of the kids started singing along to "Drake's song, "Started from the bottom". A song riddled with the N-word, then went on to casually dance to Michael Jackson as if the transition made sense.
The overpriced $25.00 photo at the end was the final slap in the face.
I asked my children if they had fun and they told me they couldn't wait to go back.
What an odd and rather amusing experience.I gave 3 stars for the first friday dinner cruise.  I did not enjoy the evening. The boat was full of teenagers. No age restriction on first friday cruise.Food was great, atmosphere  was awesome  the dance floors stayed packed with people.  The crew was very attentive and planning next trip now. Highly recommend this experience.I was in the show "Tony and Tina's Wedding" on this boat for 3 years. That should tell you a little about the venue... 
I was only on the lower deck, so I can't say much for the upstairs except for that you can hear everything upstairs, when your downstairs- and probably vice versa. It was very annoying.
The food is disgusting. I mean absolutely terrible. We always referred to it as diarrhea fuel.
The DJ is good and he was always a pretty cool guy. 
The bar can be a little difficult and lines get long.
The view at night is great, the view during the day is not.
We once did a Christmas wedding on the boat and it was the only time that I actually thought it looked and felt beautiful. If not for that one night, I would have given it 1 star.If you are going for a night on the water and want an okay dinner then consider it. 
If you're paying for a quality dinner, go for one of Philly's many great restaurants (Barclay Prime, Morimoto, Buddakan, any Steven Starr or Garces restaurant)
Food was dry, Pork and Fish were inedible.  Beef was good.  Ran out of plates on the buffet which is completely unacceptable.  Buffet wasn't replenished the way you'd expect for $80+pp. 
Boat ride was nice and the evening passed by quickly.  Service was adequate although not up to 5 star levels.My partner and I attended the 4th of July Firework Dinner Cruise and had an excellent time. Although the wait time to board and get our initial drinks was slightly more than we pleased, once the boat got going it was quick and excellent service with a very kind waitress! The food was delicious and the drinks were great as well. The souvenir glasses and photos were a nice touch, and to top it off, as we were getting off the boat they handed out delicious soft pretzel sticks. We have been on other dinner cruises and were never this happy. The energy was fun, active and there was a lot to keep you busy.Aboard a lovely gospel brunch cruise with Mt. Carmel BC.  Very good food and drinks. Great entertainment by the Gospel Crusaders!I am so infuriated and disappointed with my experience. The website portrays it as "high end" with a dress code while the pictures make it out to be a beautiful cruise. This is NOT the case. Let me describe what I experienced after paying $200 for two people. 
First, it is about 100 degrees in there. We almost passed out because it was so hot. 
Second, the food was like cafeteria food at a summer camp and they make you line up like kids. People were cutting and using their hands to grab the food. The food was absolutely disgusting. It's an embarrassment. 
Third, the other people  that were on the boat were dressed in sneakers and basketball shorts with towels on their heads as if they were coming from a sports game. They were rude, loud, acting obnoxious and at one point they grabbed my chair I was sitting on as I stood up for a second and took it  while screaming and yelling because they were so drunk. 
If you are in the Philadelphia area, DO NOT go on this cruise. It is a waste of time, a lot of money, and energy. Biggest regret I have this summer.From the outside, it looks like a fantastic idea. However, for the price, it is not fancy enough.
My family was celebrating my sister's birthday as well as Mother's day for my mom and grandmom, but to cut costs we decided to go Friday night for their 3-hour dinner cruise. We ended up spending $340ish for this dinner cruise.
We had our photo taken before getting on the ship where we were greeted half-heartedly by a few of the ship's employees. Then we were shown to our table.
Our waitress introduced herself, but then went MIA for the rest of the night, even though the table next to us received constant service. Her trainee was slightly more attentive to our needs, but we still ended up making a trip to the bar ourselves after waiting a while for drinks.
The buffet food was not that great.The salad looked okay, but offered a very watery vinegarette or cream style dressing. The salmon was okay, until we realized the skin was still on the bottom! Gross. And then when my grandmother ordered roast beef, they gave her a tough end piece that she had issues cutting. Even the rolls were hard and tasteless. We ate very little.
Then we had the cake brought out, and we were unable to sing Happy Birthday due to the DJ deciding to turn on loud music.
We participated in a little bit of the dancing, but ended up staying on the upper decks for the remainder of the evening.
All in all, it wasn't a great trip and we were sorely disappointed.I came here for a lunch cruise on a bachelorette party on the Spirit of Philadelphia. Unsure of what to expect, we were shocked with the exciting atmosphere, actually delicious meals (omnivores unite!) and a pretty bangin' Bloody Mary bar. Our cruise director, Matt, was extremely energetic and encouraged us to make friends with those around us. One bloody mary deep, I introduced myself to the Robinson Family Reunion Crew of 100 which resulted in a mass soul train, dance contests and a circle of love for our au revoir. The music was a mix of the Cha Cha Slide, Beyonce, Marvin Gaye and Pit Bull and the two-story boat provided great places for spectators to watch us get down. Though there's not much to view from the cruise (we were shown some old naval boats and the aquarium) and it's pretty hard to hear the descriptions of the sights from all of the noise, I think the highlight to the cruise was the service, the food and the dancing. We were impressed when everyone who addressed our table called the bachelorette by name and all customer service was perfect. I absolutely recommend this cruise for families, reunions, anniversaries or birthday parties, you will be well taken care of.We have gone about 4 times in the last 2 years on The Spirit of Philadelphia.  It is a nice way to spend a couple hours, however, it is expensive and certainly could use a makeover.  The food is decent.  The service is hit or miss depending on your server.Loads of fun! Great food, fun dancing, wonderful views of downtown Philly. Good date night.I don't get all the negativity here.  We had a great time on the Spirit last night.  We were celebrating our anniversary and it seemed as though almost everyone else was there celebrating something too.  Our server, Shareese, was awesome and really friendly.  The food was better than we expected from what we read here before going.  Was it gourmet? No, but it was reasonably good.  I might have given 5 stars if the outdoor furniture on the lower decks didn't feel so old and worn.
The biggest complaint that we had was the other customers, really.  There was a large EXTREMELY rude group seated next to us that insisted on rearranging furniture and nearly pulled our tablecloth with all of our food and drinks on it right off the table more than once.  The staff offered to move us but the only table available was not at a window so we chose not to leave our window seats.  
Another charming passenger lit a cigarette and then stood about 3 feet in front of me puffing away with her smoke blowing in my face.  Not cool.  I'm not saying that there shouldn't be a place for smokers to smoke but I would like to see it contained to a particular area.  As it is, it's a free-for-all in all outdoor areas.
My advice: 
*Look for discount tickets.  We did not pay full price.
* Get there and board 30 min early so you have time to check out the boat without all of the crowd.  
* Either splurge on the open bar package or do like we did and pick up the discount drink vouchers on the website in advance (full price drinks are in the $12-$15 range.)
* If you think you'll want your boarding photo, pick that up on their website in advance too for a small discount.  
* Don't expect it to be like boarding a cruise liner for a Caribbean vacation.  It's a yacht on the Delaware River.  Be reasonable.
* Go up to the top deck for nicer seating and awesome views.  
* Please don't forget that just because it's a buffet doesn't mean you don't  have to tip.  The service is incredible and should be rewarded appropriately.Lisa is the BEST SERVER!!! She made the trip fantastic! Food was ok for a buffet. Stuffed tomato and short ribs were the best!!Plan on eating dinner elsewhere. Chicken and fish were dry. Sides were bland or too salty; likely intentional to limit people eating too much at the buffet. Bathrooms were trashed by end of cruise, but otherwise the ship is well appointed for what it is. The outdoor areas are nice with the exception of the smoking policy, which makes second hand smoke unavoidable since it is permitted everywhere. We went for a fireworks dinner cruise and would not recommend it; captain just kept spinning in circles forcing everyone to go to the opposite ends of the ship to see them. Would have had a much better view on land. This cruise would be worthwhile if you plan on eating elsewhere first and find the fare heavily discounted.Really nothing to complain about. I checked the reviews on here before I went and honestly was expecting much worse.
There is parking right next to where to boat leaves, yeah it was $15 but it beats trying to find street parking or parking in a cheaper lot that would be further away.
For buffet good, I thought it was pretty good. Not a huge selection but you have your salads, different meats, fish and pasta to choose from, along with some veggies. I think it's stupid that you have to start a tab just for soda, but whatever. 
The DJ did a good job with the tour, pointing out all the sights to see. Even though I'm from the general Philadelphia area I still feel like I learned a lot.
There was a pretty good mix of music so all ages will like at least something. The waiters all danced too, which was different. 
I would definitely, and plan on doing it again.Ummmmmmmmm, yeahhhhhh this was like a bad wedding.  A bad wedding at a smelly old casino (based on the sticky carpet with swirly patterns and stars on it).
We did a lunch cruise for my husband's "summer picnic" for his office.  The boat looked impressive enough from the land, but when they snapped a cheesy picture of us as we walked in (like we were at Disney or something...) things began to go downhill.  Our party had the basement level of the boat...complete with a dance floor (whatttt?) and mirrored walls, a tiny bar in the back, and a less than impressive buffet line steaming up the already too hot room.
If the food wasn't bad enough to make me lose my appetite, it definitley went away when one of the crew members started singing horrible karoake "Let's Hear it for the Boys"...so off key....so loud....so awful.  Another crew member danced around with her microphone through the crowd singing another horrible 80s tune, and then the DJ/announcer using a Price is Right voice gave us a ten minute whirlwind "tour" of Philadelphia's historical and not so historical landmarks along the river.
I'm glad these were free tickets...the staff was friendly enough, but the overall experience was less than impressive...Very unprofessional!!! They CANCELLED my son's birthday party 2 days before the cruise without notifying me!! When I tried contacting someone, I was told that there was nothing they could do! I am highly unsatisfied with their policies and lack of communication!
DO NOT BOOK A CRUISE WITH THEM!!!!Fathers day and 26th wedding anniversary for us. This was the big finale to a 3 day weekend!. Well the generator was broken so we had to stay dockside!! For all the money this ship makes , why did they not put us on another boat? So, this is Sunday evening , nothing else to do but get on the ship and make the best  of it. THE FOOD IS HORRIBLE!!! Its so bad I don't even want the credit to come back and use the ship again!! The beef was so hard, we could not cut it, the rolls felt like rocks, the pork was tough. The deserts were mediocre!! The ship needs a good over haul. The activity guy had the nerve to ask my husband who had joined in a game of coin tossing, "Who told you to play". He told him I'm on the ship aren't I? " Very rude!!! The waiter was very nice  and helpful. Save your money!!!!Went on the cruise over the Vday weekend with my wife. We're glad we did this.  Was an amazing experience.  The philadelphia skyline is underrated.   The big appetite that I have, liked the fact it was a buffet with the quality of food was good. The service was great too. There is some room of improvement in the entree. The DJ and the music waa great. Would di this again.I was on the SoP dinner cruise on Saturday with a medium sized party.  Unfortunately I was not impressed and left very disappointed from the experience.  The majority of my disappointment is centered on the food buffet, but here are my list of positives:
+ Friendly waitress
+ Decent Drinks
+ Weather was nice for standing on deck 
The cons however far outweighed the above.  For the price I paid per person, I expected much better food.  What we were 'treated' to was flavorless penne pasta, fatty chicken & beef, burnt cheddar/corn casserole, uninspired mashed potatoes, and filet of sole (which if you know anything about fish, you know this is a very cheap fish to buy).  The best part were the rolls...  The cruise tries to paint itself as a classy experience, but it's hard to take their dress code seriously when they are serving RICE CRISPY TREATS AND PUDDING for dessert.  For the amount I paid I should have just gone to one of the nice steakhouses in the city, in which there are many.  I've seriously eaten better food in school cafeterias and the Old Country Buffet, both of which I'd now prefer.
The DJ was decent however the songs seriously need an update as the place played mainly to the older crowd (e.g. 'Whoomp There It Is' isn't really a big party song anymore...).  There was also a wedding and some other large gathering going on at the same time, which is odd because their parties shared the dance floor with the regular public.  Dance floor is also kind of small. Also, It was also really hot and uncomfortable inside the cabin... I don't think they have AC in there or it just wasn't on.
I would seriously reconsider ever going on this cruise meal experience again.  It was a big let-down in terms of cost per person and I feel like my wallet was taken advantage of.  If you like disappointing yourself, by all means, go and book today, but if you actually care about what you eat and what you're paying, go someplace else because there are a million other activities to do instead.COMPANY REFUSED TO HONOR THEIR OWN 15% OFF COUPON. 
Coupon is on there website for 15% off new years cruise. They refuse to honor it saying its expired? They just make up costs and fake promotion codes. Very disappointed.Went with my boyfriend and his father - enjoyed the experience- however the wait staff was not helpful when it came to seating . We requested to be on the lower level and we were told all the tables there were full - however later we found many tables below were empty . Too bad the free tables were not offered to us - they looked free.Boat is great for a party however the food, SUCKS. I had a party with about 30 people and not one person liked the food. I took one bite of my plate and went home hungry because I could not eat anymore. AND service sucks, it took about an hour to get a drink once we were seated. So if you do go, eat and have cocktails before you go.Dont use a credit card. I attended a cruise and paid my bill with my card and the tip amount was changed by the waitress to 3times my bill amount. This seems to happen after customers sign the bill. 
Only use cashMy husband treated us to a dinner cruise for our 20th anniversary on board this amazing ship. It was a surprise that he managed to keep secret until the night of the event. I was totally delighted with the whole experience!  
We've cruised in Hawaii twice, so waiting in line to board the ship was no big deal. I used the few minutes it took to take in my surroundings as fully as possible. The good humor of the whole crowd only added to happy anticipation I was feeling, and of course my hubby seemed very pleased with his great idea f this dinner cruise! 
The food was very good, although not exotic. Why would anyone expect it to be any different? This is a small local cruise, after all, and was done very nicely, from the staff, to the expediency of serving a boatload of hungry passengers,  and the excellent music and dancing.  
Let me tell you a secret:  I had just gotten finished with chemo a few weeks.
before, having battled ovarian cancer. No one could predict for sure if I would survive at all, or of so, for how long.  My hubby wanted to give me an evening I would always remember with joy, and happy tears. And, that is just what he did by bringing me on The Spirit of Philadelphia.
This happened seven years ago, and I am still here, thank God! And, we both have our great memories of that amazing dinner cruise. 
Thanks, Spirit of Philadelphia!!The Spirit of Philadelphia earns one star for being able to make a drink strong enough to make me forget their attempts at food. While I'll admit to having a great time on my company cruise, it was in no part due to the SoP offerings. Great friends-coworkers and alcohol on land would have worked just as well at a much lower cost (to the company).Before you enter the ship, they take a picture of you or a group with the Spirit of Philadelphia Trademark(can not take it with your iPhone or any camera that belongs to you due to it being a Trademark). You are then greeted by ship staff members and then proceed to your table.
The area is most definitely clean and sets a nice vide with natural lighting coming from the river. From my experience; the ship with go around the Benjamin Franklin bridge and then past the Navy Yard and then do one more lap around the bridge and then dock which is about 90minutes to 120minutes(2hours).
---
WHY I BROUGHT IT DOWN -1STAR:
The food was generally amazing but I can't say the same for the drinks.
They have many different options for drinks and all of them tasted water down and me and my friends got different ones.
---
It's also a great place to take pictures as everyone on the ship kept taking them on the deck and inside the ship.
BE WARNED: Might smell like fish on the deck/flies everywhere.
The outside deck is very nice with plants, an anchor for pictures, and many seating areas.
Highly recommend this place if you're looking to take nice pictures or want to go for the experience. 
When you leave the ship, the pictures that you took in the beginning are sold at $10 each... they usually print two copies if it's a group but has instructions on how to get more copies in the back of the picture.I came here on a first friday. Food (buffet) was very good. I had a drink that was in a small glass mostly ice and was almost $15 thats just robbery. The cruise itself was three hours long I normally wouldn't complain but the music was too old school/pop for my liking. It was also too cold to enjoy the outside part of the ship. I would return just on a warmer day.The venue was great, however it was way overpriced! The lunch was sparse ($39 for adults and $24 for kids ... and no kid friendly food), no dessert, no entertainment, unless you call a DJ entertainment (yet a $92 entertainment fee), and it was a short 2 hours, plus drinks were extra.  Not only that, but our waiter forgot about us and we were waiting for maybe 20 min before we got our initial drinks.  I will not go on this cruise again, simply because of the expense of it all for what you are getting.  I don't mind spending the money, but I want it to be well worth the cost.paid $60 for an evening on the boat, they closed down the bar after 30 minutes and the proceeded to dock the boat. no indication of why or any refund. I have never been so upset with a formal organization.  this boat is a waste of money and time.My husband took me for the Sunday dinner cruise on my birthday. The food was delicious, and the service was great! After dinner we stood out on the deck and enjoyed dessert  and the sunset... Such beautiful views... Very romantic! Highly recommend for a date or quality time with friends/ family.Very disappointing!  At ANY price. 12 of us took my father for his 75th bday. Total price for my wife and I and 2 children after 2 drinks each and tip. $291
Do you remember your college cafeteria food?  This is not quite that good. 
When we got to the plates at the Buffett there was stacks of dirty dishes that guest had removed from the clean dish stack. 2 stacks of dishes and every other plate was dirty. 
Thankfully the weather was beautiful. And it is really nice going up and down the river.
I would not recommend this to anyoneWent on a Wednesday night dinner cruise late August which was not crowded at all and ended up getting a window table for just asking.
The food was just average - buffet serve yourself -  dry chicken tenderloins with some white gravy, tilapia with some other white sauce, cavatelli in yet another white sauce... Salad was soggy, dessert was dry chocolate cake and dry mini cheesecake. If your going just for the food, then don't go.
Our server was friendly but spent too much time on the dance floor instead of bringing our dessert and beverages. She definitely had a good time.
The best part of this cruise is the outside deck where you can admire all of Philadelphia's skyline, bridges, shipyards, lights, and of course the Delaware river.  I could just bring a sandwich and sit out there for the 3 1/2 hours.Not amazing but not a bad time.
My lovely girlfriend purchased tickets for Spirit of Philadelphia for a day cruise on my birthday. Unfortunately there was a massive crowd for one party, which kind of dominated the first two floors of the boat. 
The food was pretty good. Not amazing, but for a free buffet I was impressed. The server we had was new, so us and the people around us had a little issue getting our drinks. Once we went up to get a round at the bar we let them know and he was better the rest of the time.
All in all, it's a decent outing. i'd recommend it for a larger party rather than a small couple or group.Nice dining environment! Wonderful and helpful staff. The food wasn't so great though.I surprised my boyfriend today with a Valentine's Day champagne brunch cruise and we're both highly disappointed.
The only aspect that was great was the service, everything else was either mediocre or just really bad. 
The worst part was the food. If given the option we would have preferred a packed/bagged lunch. From the start the presentation had us nervous to even try the food.  We understand not to expect much from a buffet but this was a whole new level.  First were the eggs: either from a powder or jug, they were cold, rubbery, and essentially tasteless.  The croissants can be classified as merely a deception; croissant like on the outside but just cheap bread on the inside...Dunkin Donuts' afternoon leftovers would've been an upgrade.
The "breakfast potatoes" were described on the menu as chopped potatoes with american cheddar cheese and parsley.  In reality, the serving dish held a cinderblock like figure of compacted hashbrown chunks.  They appeared like the ones sold at McDonald's,  but at least McDonald's browns are golden brown, crispy, and sold separately.  You had to tear away chunks piece by piece if you were brave enough to try one.
At least the buffet was consistent.  Over on the lunch side there was a mysterious casserole browned on top that tasted only of corn and salt.  When we got to the carving station, all that was left was small stringy scraps of meat, once they ran out I guess that was it.  We did eat the broccoli and sesame chicken laughing to ourselves that it was the best of the worst.
Like said before, the service was great.  Our waitress was extremely attentive and caring... we wondered though if the staff was embarrassed to be serving such a quality of food.
The DJ was a nice touch but the music was not very impressive.  It was really one genre, top 30 chart kind of deal that you may find on the radio.  It was Valentines Day after all so some classics would have been nice.
At the end of the day we were paying for the experience of eating on a boat in the harbor and that we did.  Spirit could offer so much of a better experience if they only added a little more pride and dedication to the preparation and presentation of their food and a little re-vamp of their entertainment.My husband and I were there July 23rd for early anniversary gift we totally enjoyed ourselves. The food was amazing the audience was great and the staff was great. 
We can't wait to go back.Spirit of Philadelphia mixes family with fun. While romantic for a couple on the outer decks, you're still able to enjoy a night out with friends here as well. My fiancé and I came on board and were properly greeted and seated, the food was great, drinks were mixed well by our bartender and served by out server Holly. DJ Kurt really kept the party going, his music selection was wonderful, and kept us on the dance floor all night. Our manager (tall man) came to our table and made sure we were doing well all night. A great time, completely worth a night out. Will re-visit soon.I have not gone back since my previous review, but I do give Spirit credit for a quick follow up email to my review seeking additional information in attempts for continuous improvement.I ate awesome mashed potatoes, fantastic salmon, and really nice green beans. I never have a second helping but I did that night. Watching everyone else piling up their plates with food and returning for more suggested to me that the meat options were just as good. The entertainment was cheesy, but busting out a few cheesy dance moves is good for the soul. Totally recommend this experience for family get-togethers and bachelorette parties etc.Just okay. We had a nice time but doubt we'd spend the $$ to come back. 
I asked my BF to have brunch on Spirit for my birthday. He purchased the tickets a few weeks earlier. When we arrived there was a paid parking lot for $15. We parked then stood in line for a photo and boarded the ship. 
My biggest issue was that there were several WILD children running back and forth across the dance floor before the ship took off, during the safety demonstration etc. They bummed my shoulder and several tables. No member of the crew felt the need to asked the parents to watch their children. They were screaming and yelling and you could not even hear the crew member give emergency instructions. Unacceptable !
Obviously it is not the crew's job to discipline someone's child/children but someone could consider putting children in a certain section away from others. Or have the manager mention something to the parents if they are disturbing other guests. Their wild behavior truly tainted my experience. 
Overall it was a bit pricey when all the extra fees are added on (port etc) and the cost of the single photo at the end for $30 is ridiculous but otherwise the food, service and views were nice. 
Not a bad brunch but I doubt we'll be back.They seem to listen to reviews. I noticed many of the previous complaints were not an issue. Our DJ was dorky, but energetic, maybe a big too energetic for the crowd. Definitely a good place for parties or anniversaries. I did not pay for the meal as my group did so I don't know what the price was, but I would say the meal was worth $30.Out for a birthday night cruise when we had to turn around for someone to get off. Which shortened our trip to just bridge to bridge. Boat looks and smells like it needs a deep cleaning. Server was very friendly and helpful. Food was eh.My boyfriend's mom bought us a 3-hour dinner cruise via Groupon as a gift for his graduation from graduate school. We redeemed it to celebrate our anniversary. When you tell the reservation line that you are celebrating a special occasion, they will "arrange something special" for you, meaning they will decorate your table with red rose petals and instruct all the crew members to greet you with "Happy Anniversary" as you board the ship. I, for one, am not for all the extra attention, but if you are, the first class treatment should be right up your alley. Also on the reservation line, they can't promise a private table for small parties, but if you come on an odd week night (we came on a Wednesday), you might get lucky. Thirdly, there are private lots by the pier, but the cost of parking ($10-15 flat rate) is not covered by the cruise line.
Watching the sunset on a ferry boat was pretty nice if you don't mind the numerous cranes on the pier that obstruct the potentially beautiful view. Don't expect to be blown away by the food. I mean, the best cooks in the world don't end up working for a cruise line. That much I know. The food wasn't too hard to stomach, although I had hoped for a little bit more flavor and freshness since the emphasis of the event was on "dinner". The staff was extremely friendly and attentive. Our server even sought us out when we were away from our table and lounging on the top deck to ask if we needed anything.
The entertainment portion of the package includes the crew members singing classic tunes of the I-can't-name-the-year and dancing. The age of the clientele (on a Wednesday night) ranged from early 30s to late 50s, and this was reflected by the DJ's choice of songs for the majority of the boat ride. He eventually played more "contemporary" beats (i.e. Black Eyed Peas, Ricky Martin, Will Smith, Montell Jordan, etc) later in the evening. Only then was there a single soul on the dance floor, which begs the question... why didn't he play better music to begin with? Is the result a product of better music or the level of intoxication? I may never find out.
All in all, the experience was pleasant (especially at a discounted rate), despite the idiosyncrasies of the ship that are clearly designed for customers much older than us.Ok, after a grueling two weeks of talking too the manager they finally gave us back are money. Ill give them this much at least they gave us back all of the money so they did that right!!!Came here for a beef and beer cruise on a Wednesday evening in the fall for my birthday. Loved the idea of a dinner cruise right in Philadelphia and really enjoyed the views from the river! Overall I enjoyed it for a unique night out and felt we got our money's worth as the yards beers were unlimited on this particular cruise.
The dinner was a buffet- cheesesteaks, brisket with mashed potatoes, chicken and a Cesar salad. A little underwhelming but also basically what I expected for a beef and beer cruise. The dessert buffet was much better than the dinner and I'm glad I saved room for seconds of the chocolate mousse and chocolate cake, yum!
If I was rating the service alone I would give 5+ stars, our server was very attentive, brought us our drinks promptly and even managed to find us in various areas of the boat to see if we needed more drinks and serve them to us!
They had a DJ and dance floor set up right in the middle of the dining tables which seemed tacky and did not make me want to get up in dance. Instead, my bf and I preferred to stand on the outdoor deck of the boat to get away from the loud music and obnoxious dancing.
They charge an extra $20/person to get a table adjacent to the window. While the view is one of the nest parts of the cruise, I think that additonal fee is ridicukous and our seats were close enough that we had a very clear view throughout our whole dinner.I came here for my birthday and Craig the bartender made everything worth it! He customized a drink for my friends and me which was so fun. Tiffany was our waitress and was so attentive and nice. Thanks for a great start to my birthday weekend!Went on the Spirit of Philadelphia last night with a group of friends. Did not know what to expect at the beginning but it ended up being a fun night, different from your day-to-day activities. 
They greet you at the entrance of the boarding area and take a picture of you and your party, which will be available for purchase at the end of the cruise. As you move up to board the Captain and Crew welcome you into the ship. 
The food was pretty good -buffet-  with a salad bar, a few salads, pasta, mashed potatoes and other veggies, Chicken, Salmon, Tilapia, and a Carving Station with beef and pork, (I especially enjoyed their Breaded Lemon Chicken). Their desserts were delicious, they give you two kinds and bring them to your table. Our server was really great, I think her name was Holly...she was very friendly and attentive.
After dinner, we went up to the deck and sat in their swanky outdoor furniture for a little while and took a small breather. It was nice seeing all the city lights from that standpoint. 
After dinner there is a DJ and dancing. For a little while I thought I wouldn't be into it, but they create an atmosphere that allows people to "let go" and have fun. My friends and I danced for quite a while. They had a good selection of dance music. 
There were all types of different people on the cruise, so it seems like it appeals to a wide range of ages/tastes. There werea bunch of young couples, a seniors group, my friends and I -professional females 25-45-yo- and even a wedding dinner party.I'm on a boat, B***h!  
Though the food is most assuredly banquet hall slop, I found the employees friendly and efficient both herding people up the gangway and making sure they knew there was a big step up or down imminent.  The decor is ahoy-eighties cheesy, with mirrored pillars, linoleum-topped tables dotting the upper decks and the sort of carpet that you see in budget hotels. 
Though we laughed at the food, the booze was flowing and the boat cruised along briskly, giving us that fat-cigar, wind-in-the-hair feeling of elation you can only achieve on the water.  Philadelphia and Camden looked beautiful from the river, much more so than they do up close with their grit, garbage and omnipresent crackheads. 
To Sum Up:  Do not go expecting a culinary experience -- it's institutional, steam-table stuff.  If they offer a drinks cruise or event (like the excellent whiskey festival we attended), by all means, set sail!Well I can honestly say after experiencing this cruise once I would never do it again.  Its insanely overpriced for what you get. Let's start with the food I watched an attendant while refilling mash potatoes dump a quarter of them into the adjacent broccoli and not show an ounce of care. The buffet had a total of three proteins and none of them were good.  Let's not forget the giant clump of RAW FLOUR I found in my corn casserole. How about the beer? Well get ready to pay $7.50 for a bottle of lager. You know because it's a craft beer?  But hey I mean you get to up the Delaware for 2 hours so that's fun right. If you would like to save the experience with a photograph dont worry they take one as your getting on and then are happy to sell it to you for the bargain price of $30. This place is nothing more than a cash grab and its disgraceful that it gets to call itself The Spirit of Philadelphia. Do yourself a favor and do literally anything else in the city.Pretty good dining cruise.  The food is not as good as a land based restaurant but better than the other competing dining cruises for the price.  The crew is courteous and fun.  The top of the ship offers an impressive view.If I could go lower I would yeah whoopy whoo so yeah it was nice of course it was its a ship that's not all that goes with that ,I was told with a lot more money that I gave them that we would get a private space next too the window well there private space is a table right next too you that cost over a hundred and fifty so DONT PAY IT .Now let's get to the food  that was so  horrible they give you a buffet which wouldn't be so bad even for the money that your paying well let's first get to the salad they can't even give you a real one they give you a spring salad I call that eating grass next is the veggies nope only one so you better like broccoli ,next is what I called dog meat they only give you one meat not a carved peice but little pieces of what they were calling  spicy meat yack, next was dessert that I was to scared to grab it was musshed all up with apples and a nasty looking dough. The best part was the little pretzel they give you at the end of you trip. Now after all that it was so hot that I didn't think there air conditioning was working either so I went out on deck and it was a nice day but the river was stinking bad now we know that's the chance you take we all know what that river can smell like but we couldn't win cause the AC wasn't working either it was a nice day but it was still 88 degrees.. The only thing I can truly say about what was really OK was the service it wasn't so bad but they only had to get drinks right and that's why I only give one star Dont pay the money it really went down hill I went 10 years ago and it was nice but it has a lot of problems .. sorry so long but I really want to get it out there DONT PAYJust left the Spirit of Philadelphia and the experience was horrible. My husband and I were celebrating my birthday and had to share a table with another couple. When serving ourselves at the buffet we all found that several of the plates were filthy with food stains. When my husband went to the restroom he saw a guy snorting something from the back of the commode, all for the incredible price of $140.00. 
Needless to say we'll never board that boat again.We ordered a Groupon 2 days ago for a Friday night dinner cruise that had to be booked by June 30th. Its June 5th and the Spirit of Philadelphia has already booked all available "Groupon reservations". They must have WAY oversold the deal and now I'm stuck with a gift certificate to an overpriced novelty buffet restaurant I would never have chosen otherwise.  And to top it off this was meant to be a silly/fun way to celebrate beating cancer with my fiancé.  Thanks, jerks. I'm so annoyed and feel like an idiot for being scammed by this stupid boat.The food was just ok. The pasta was BLAND the salmon was DRY. The corn pudding thing was awesome, and the chicken and mashed potatoes were good.  Also, they only offer Iced Tea and water. What about Soda? The Ship pulled off 10 mins late, but when returned we docked at 10:30 on the dot... The Music started really late. I think the music should have started around 8:30-9:00. I did like that they played more old school. The stuff out nowadays are horrible. The drinks at the bar are HIGH. Ranging from $10.00-$17.00. I paid $84.00 for my ticket here and that's only because I had a discount code. Without the discount code it would have been $99.00, to me not worth the money. I would go back only if I was treated by someone.Went on the Spirit of Philadelphia Saturday, July 22nd, 2017 for my friends fathers 80th birthday celebration. All was well until oil/grease was spilled all over the back of my dress when a staff member was filling food into the buffet containers. I understand accidents happen but I have yet to hear from a representative from the Spirit of Philadelphia to speak with about this incident. I was assured by Denise Cruz, Restaurant Manager of Spirit of Philadelphia that I would hear from somebody by Monday. Unfortunately it is now Tuesday and I haven't heard from anybody. Very unprofessional, will never return.This was my first time on the Spirit of Philadelphia and we definitely weren't disappointed. We signed up because of the Yards Brews Cruise and the food and drinks were fantastic and all included in the cost, the music was terrific and the view from the deck was beautiful. The bartender Craig was the best! My friend was celebrating her birthday and the crew even remembered to wish her a happy birthday which was really sweet! I would definitely come back againFirst time on this cruise ship and the service was impeccable. Our servers were Ron and Aaliyah. They were helpful, courteous and fun throughout the whole ride. 
The ship was nicely decorated and temperate is perfect, not too cold or too warm. The DJ played soft soothing music perfect for the environment. And guests were considerate of each others. No loud conversations or obnoxious drinks. Our severs kept checking on us and making sure we were doing okay, which exemplifies great customer service. They were also very knowledgable about the food and drinks. If you're on the cruise with Ron as your server you are definitely going to have an amazing time! Hopefully I'll be back to Philly soon for another memorable trip!I brought my girlfriend on a cruise for her birthday. Food was decent, and although the entertainment was a little hokey at first, the competitions were somewhat amusing. If you're not into the whole "yay-ra-ra-let's-get-it-hyped" and overly-eager wait staff, you'll be rewarded by sharing a drink with a friend out on the upper observation deck with some great views of Philly.Had a really nice time on the short cruise. The food was good, the scenery was a little lacking for what you pay for. The cruise itself is about 2 hours with some additional time to dock and deboard. Ship is a nice size with multi dining levels. Very orderly and attentive staff. The buffet was delicious. But I felt the spread of food could have been more diverse. Fulfilling none the less.I recently purchased 2 Groupon deals for the Spirit Of Philadelphia cruise.  I called up 2 weeks before the expiration date hoping to get a reservation. When I first spoke to the clerk mentioning that I wanted to make a reservation she was more than happy to accommodate me. When I mentioned that I had a Groupon all of the sudden there were no reservations available. The only reservations that they had were for a Friday which the Groupon was not valid on Friday and Saturday. When I asked if I could make the reservation now for a August date they said no even though when I called Groupon for a refund they told me that I could do that. I will not ever patronize this business and would not recommend them to anyone. They only want full paying customers and only have a limited amount of seats for Groupon customers. This is a scam. Why even offer the deal if u have to make a reservation a month ahead of  time.  Very dissatisfied
CRThis place is run by extremely unprofessional staff. DO NOT book an event here. The "security guards" are extremely aggressive on the boat. There was one in particular who was cussing out passengers, grabbing people by the wrist to see if they had wristbands (but being very aggressive about it especially with the girls). On top of that, this same security guard put his hands on another girl and broke one of the guest's wrists in the process. 
Stay away. Horrible place.When I was looking through Yelp this afternoon I couldn't believe I had not gotten around to yelping about the Spirit of Philadelphia. I have been there a few times on personal and company outings.
The "experience" of being on this ship is really what you are paying for with the high dollar ticket price of on average $100, about  $20 more if you want a window seat. I say on average because prices do fluctuate seasonally and for holidays.
The food is buffet style and is good, but average and lackluster. They do have two carving stations, I believe it was prime rib and ham last time we went, another time it was prime rib and turkey. In my opinion it equates to Old Country Buffet quality food on a moving ship.
The evening is highlighted by a host DJ, dance floor, and a customer focused staff that has usually been quite attentive the times I went. They do try to sell you photos of yourself on the ship and raffles designed toward capturing your email addresses for marketing, but they are not pushy.
Beer & Liquor is served on the ship but is not included in your ticket price, so bring extra cash if you want alcohol.
Overall it's a fun experience, but not worth the high price of admission. I could get a similar experience on land for less than $50 a person, probably more like $30, so at the $100+ per person price point you would expect more bang for your buck.This was kinda fun.  I was there for a party where the whole boat was rented out (so I can't comment on the everyday sails).  I thought they did a nice job.  I would recommend this to anyone looking for an office party, sweet 16, baby shower, engagement party type of event.  It's something different and since the boat doesnt really go out that far, you don't need to worry about anyone potentially getting sea sick.Singing waiters, guided tour of the Philadelphia & Camden waterfronts, buffet line and a dance floor... That about sums up the Spirit of Philadelphia lunch cruise I went on recently.  A bit cheesy but I still had a good time.
SoP gets four stars for four reasons:
1) The staff was great.  From greeting us as we boarded to the waitresses who kept us in drinks to the entire staff joining the guests on the dance floor.  
2) The food was pretty good. I didn't board expecting a Morton's steak.  I knew I'd be getting decent food but mainly a waterview. So I really wasn't disappointed.  There was a good variety of meats (tilapia, pork and rotisserie chicken), salad options, and pretty good side options.  I finished everything on my plate, felt satisfied, and had no complaints.
3) The entertainment.  The tour was chock full of random NJ/PA trivia.  I departed with a few interesting nuggets to share with my visitors.  Two of the waitresses sang hits to get everyone going and when they was finished the DJ played some classics hits from every era.  He even played The Wobble, which the staff joined in for.  Even if I wasn't inclined to cut a rug on the dance floor, I enjoyed watching the older people who just wouldn't sit down! I was thoroughly entertained.  
4) The decks.  Ok, the Philly/Camden waterfront really doesn't offer a spectacular view or anything BUT to be on the water with a breeze in your hair and tunes in the background, you really shoudn't complain.  It's a luxury many of us don't get very often, if ever.  
I took away one star for:
1) The drinks.  I wasn't expecting a mixologist but the drinks really weren't very good.  Plus they made us use premium drink tickets for ginger ale.  Gin & Tonic, I understand.  But soda?  
I probably won't go back but I'd definitely recommend it to anyone interested.  It's definitely something worth doing at least once.Totally  wasting money and the time .buffet food is all salty..nothing to eat .cruise  are back and forces just  Ben. bridge to Walt bridge.not like all-time  used to be really nice .This is a different way to have dinner the scenery is different and lovely. The food is sub par. The mashed potatoes and Ziti had way to much salt guess that was the supplement for real seasoning. The fish was horrible. The chicken and beef was decent.  Best part was the salad!! The food was not warmed enough and the plates were absolutely dirty!! Someone came over to apologize for the dirty plates but it was still gross. Now to drinks they were on point no complaints there. Our server Chris was very attentive and sweet. The music was meh! In my opinion it started way too late and the music selection was older music not current music that's in rotation. All in all it was an okay experience but definitely not for the price. My birthday wasn't ruined but it could of been much better if the selection of food was better and the music starting before 830pm. I will not be returning and if you are going to try it out try it with one of their discounted cruises so you won't feel like you wasted money.Had a fantastic time.  The ship has been maintained and the decor is in good taste; clean.  The food was delicious, wine and dessert followed in same manner leaving a fabulous impact on the taste buds - yum!  DJ did a great job of mixing genres and kept us  going.  So worth the $$ sure to return!!I have been on this twice, one for a party with my college senior class, and one for a birthday out with my boyfriend. Both times it was an amazing experience. They even start out with pictures of your party for memories and an offer to buy the pics at the end. The food is fantastic, it is a buffet and both times I went for seconds. The drinks are absolutely delicious- they have tons of specialty cocktails that are sooo good, and also a huge selection of wine. And then the next part of the trip- the dancing. Great set list to cater to everyone's liking and so much fun, and you can also request specific songs. Fun as a group with people you know but when it was just me and my bf I had just as much fun with the crowd. It's definitely an experience to have for a special occasion, but so worth the money. Can't wait to find another excuse to go back!