Awesome place to go to!! The cold draft latte and pure black on top was amazingly so good!!!  The Amish jam added the perfect touch to the Fritatta Scramble! It has a cool industrial atmosphere with nice seating outside. You have to check this place out.  I will definitely keep going back to this place!!!!When I heard about they have a "Montreal Bagels" I had to check it out if it's legit!! First of all I gave one star because I ordered 1 plain bagel with cream cheese and ordered a Carnegie bagel sandwich. I waited 35 minutes to get that! How hard to make a sandwich ??? I know that they just opened but still. Staff should have a better way at to make it more efficient and make it faster. The prices are outrageously pricey.
I have been to Montreal and tried Montreal style bagels. These bagels that they bake isn't even close enough to even call and say that it's Montreal Bagel. Montreal bagels suppose to Be chewy on the inside while there is crunch on the outside. I don't even taste the honey. I didn't even get a hot bagel smh. 
They don't have to advertise that it's Montreal Bagel if it's not really an original one or even the taste come close to it. Not worth my time to go out of my way to University City. Next time I'll stick to my South street bagels:(SLOWEST SERVICE EVER! The staff does not pay attention to its customers and are always having side conversations with each other and not waiting on their customers! Giving them 2 stars because their bagels and sandwiches are very good. So if you  are willing to wait a half an hour for a breakfast sandwich, go right ahead.Never again! This place is disorganized, uncomfortable, overpriced and understaffed. It took me 10 minutes to get my order in, people behind the counter were ignoring customers, the table I'm sitting at now still has the crap left from the last diner.  I really miss the pizza place that used to be here-- it was everything this dump isn't.Not as good as the one on 20th St. Had a bacon egg and cheese. Bacon was flavorless (unlike the 20th st location) and there wasn't enough cheese.Went here for a breakfast sandwich, and can't say I'll be going back anytime soon. Restaurant was pretty empty at the time of order but developed a line as I waited for my order. It was mid morning on a week day and they had already ran out of sausage when I ordered, had a limited bagel selection, and the order took forever to get. Seemed to be understaffed which affected service, but also the bagel sandwich was just meh. Definitely better options out there.Went in a 7 am to pick up a bagel on the way to work and they said they weren't open.  They were still prepping.  If you say you open at 7, you should really be open by 7.  No time to sit around and wait...The bagels here are really good and taste very fresh. it took a while to get my bagel but the bagels themselves were very good. also very cute and modern placeStopped in for a beverage and a quick bite to eat.  Service was great, staff was welcoming and extremely friendly.  My bagel and beverage really hit the spot after a crummy day at work.  How could you go wrong with bagels and booze??? Would highly recommend!!!  The manager discussed the different specials and their "recovery room" happy hour (7am-10am) for the over night workers in the area who may need to unwind after their graveyard shifts!!!  What a great idea!!  Cannot wait to come back with friends.Best bagels in Phila. Definitely comparable to (if not better than) some of the better bagel shops in NYC. Most of the "complaints" based on skimming through the Yelp comments seem related to bad delivery experiences, which is more of an issue with the third party delivery services than the actual restaurant. If you're looking for a good bagel place in the area, you won't find a better place than this (don't be intimidated by the perpetually long line, they get through it quick).These bagels are ridiculously good.  The pastrami sandwich is my favorite option, and i found the plain bagel too sweet with that, so I get sesame.  It's expensive, but it's worth it.  The wait can be a while, so I avoid coming between 12 and 1.Went to the Spread in UCity this morning.  They either didn't read the ticket or mixed up orders because I got something I didn't order.  I didn't check before leaving the store (lesson learned) and by the time to got to my office, opened the sandwich, and saw it wasn't my order, I didn't have the time to go back and get the right thing.  I appreciate they're trying to churn out orders as quickly as possible, but an extra second to check it's the right order with the right ticket would be great.  I was really looking forward to my sandwich and was super bummed to find an imposter in the wrapping :(I live on top of Spread. I have frequented it many times, but everytime I go I feel a bit more disappointed and leave with a sour taste in my mouth and I think this was the last chance I am going to give it.  The girl working at the front desk was so rude! Made me feel dumb for requesting a certain kind of bacon on my bagel..and rolled her eyes. I then said thank you at the end after I got my bagel and she didn't even look up at me or acknowledge me! I was the only one in the store. I am done giving this place second chances. $6.00 for a bagel with just bacon and a rotten attitude..I'd rather get a bagel from wawa next door. AVOID.Spread is a nice addition to University City, especially for those of us looking for a place to sit and work while drinking unlimited coffee and eating a (perhaps overpriced, but what isn't in U city) bagel sandwich. My only plea to the owners is to change the music! It has driven me out a few times with emo rock from 2001-2007. That might be some people's thing, but it's not a way to get customers to come hang out! Maybe take it off sum 41's pandora for a bit??I was very happy with my experience here! The food was quick to be made and everyone was friendly. There was a line but the food was worth it! I would recommend it. I had the Standard and it was great!Came here and got the original with salmon on the onion bagel, so good! Tons of salmon, cream cheese and red onions. The bagel was a bit over cooked, had lots of char on it but overall great sandwich! The people were super nice and the outside patio and open air feel is great!Good bagels (based on previous experience), but service is lousy. After standing in line for 20 minutes, we got to the front of the line and started to place our order. The guy behind the counter grabbed the guy taking orders and apparently told him to stop taking orders because he had too many. The guy taking orders just said "sorry" to us with no explanation of what was going on. I had to ask what the deal was, and was told that they weren't taking orders for a little while. I asked how long, and just got a shrug. We waited a few more minutes and then left. 
Totally understand that a busy breakfast place will get backed up, but the whole experience could have been salvaged if someone had just said, "Hey, folks, we're backed up and it's going to take 10/20/whatever minutes to get you your food. So sorry for the inconvenience, and feel free to grab your coffee while you wait."Overpriced. Slow and disengaged service. Thin runny cream cheese. Over-toasted bagel. I won't be back.Again an okay bagel with good chewy consistency but undersalted! I found the bagel bland and the cream cheese as well. $3.50 for a bagel w plain shmear and $4.50 for one with special shmear. Fresh squeezed OJ was delish!
Pros: nice outdoor seating in the morning, seating shared with Brooklyn brewery.Fluffy bagels, so many choices for toppings. 
Clean bathrooms, good music. 
And for later, Roy Pitz on tap!Ordered through grub hub which I thought would be no problem...wrong. I paid $4 in delivery fees just to have my order so royally messed up. 
I ordered an everything bagel with nova spread and tomato and instead got an everything bagel with NOTHING ON IT.
Guys, wouldn't that order seem a little odd to you? Wouldn't you pause to think, who in God's name would order this? Before you threw a bagel in a bag and had it delivered to me for the tune of $4 plus the overpriced cost of the bagel itself? YIKES.
The bagel itself was burnt and just covered in poppy and sesame seeds, no garlic or salt. 
I really don't want to come back here so the next time I want a bagel, someone please remind me that there are other options.Rude customer service. Mediocre food at best. They gave me a partially burned bagel, and would not replace it. Take your money elsewhere.Ordered a sandwich at 10am.  They had no bacon.  I ordered a sandwich with egg whites and did not receive them.  Paid $7.50 and got one piece of sausage.  Are you telling me that the egg and one piece of sausage costs $5.50? That is ridiculous.   Never again.Came by on a quick visit.  LOVED the staff.  LOVED the service and LOVED the food.  One of Managers was so personal and so helpful.  Thank you for the on the house coffee.  Thank you for the wonderful service and my lox bagel was delish!!!So much hype, such long lines and after all of that, I think I'll stick to my New York style bagels. Having said that, it's definitely not bad. In fact, I was pleased with the cream cheese ratio and thought the Nova Salmon Spread was well done- big chunks of fish! The bagel itself was fine; the downside is the slightly burnt flavor that the wood burning oven gives the bagel.
A couple of concerning observations in terms of the staffing:
1. There are too many people behind the counter doing nothing. When the lines are out the door, efficiency is important.
2. I worked in food service so I know what's acceptable when handling food. I noticed one employee drinking from an open cup behind the counter. After touching her personal drink and having her hands on the counter, she handled a bagel with her bare hands before serving it. I get it, these things happen. But it's disconcerting infront of a bunch of customers. 
The build out is really cool, and on a nice day the outdoor seating is great. The music and volume make it a difficult place to do work, so in that way it's not your typical low key bagel shop. In fact, I would even call it hectic. We'll see what it's like when the hype dies down (as it should).Everything about this place is confusing to me. The business model, beer and bagels??? Who has ever wanted those two things at the same time?? Those moods do not overlap at all. 
Anyways, they are pretty pretentious and rude to customers, and got a lot of my order wrong (3 bagels). They are crazyyyy expensive for bagels it doesn't make any sense, I've only been twice bc all other times I had no way to rationalize spending sooo much on bagels. To their credit, the bagels here are good, but at what cost??????? Also weird music that did not fit the already weird ambiance. If you're in the area and looking for a good and reasonable bagel, look somewhere else!!Crazy expensive for a bagel that wasn't anything special. So much potential, but such a disappointment.
Guys, you can do better than this.I vote them 1 star bc I couldn't vote it lower. Wrong call for my bagel after waiting 20 minutes.  Stuffs are chitchatting without paying attention to customer. Will not go againI've never written a Yelp review but feel compelled to write one after repeated bad experiences here. Every time (each time convincing myself to give it another chance), I've encountered incredibly rude employees, mistaken and/or late orders, expensive prices and cold, mushy food. The two women who usually work the register will often ignore customers, instead standing behind the counter, eating their own food and chatting with each other. Each time they've acted curt and unfriendly. And the food...I've had both salads, several signature sandwiches, and all I can say is: just go to WaWa. It'll be cheaper and probably taste better!I paid $9.00 for a bagel grilled cheese with tomatoes and bacon.  When I got back to my office and opened the sandwich, the cheese was not melted at all and there was no bacon.   My first reaction was to never go back there again.   However, I will just warn people to check their order before leaving the shop.  I will chalk this up to new place/new staff still in training.  I'm fairly certain I can get the same or similar sandwich next door at Wawa for half the price (and probably with the bacon on it).I was really craving bagel and eggs so stopped by here on a Sunday afternoon and it hit the spot. I got one of the salmon egg bagel sandwich and I thought it was pretty excellent especially with some capers on the side. Also all bagels are toasted even if you forget to ask for it which I appreciated. Only downside is maybe the price which a lot of people mentioned but overall in my opinion spread is a solid bagel shop! Want to check out their center city location nowWhile I go to Spread regularly, I would go even more often if the prices, quality, freezing room temperature, and hospitality changed.Very friendly early in the morning bagel perfectly toasted and the tomato actually tasted like a tomato. I'll be back. The grilled cheese was great. You'll never run out of cream cheese!The Spread Bagelry in University City is finally open! I made my first visit for breakfast this morning and was happy with my experience.
I was in a hurry so I kept it simple and got a toasted whole wheat everything bagel with roasted garlic veggie cream cheese. The cream cheese was amazing and there was SO much of it. Just the way I like my bagels! I would say I plan on getting the same thing next time, but there were so many different options, I'm sure I'll want to try something new. 
The place is pretty spacious with a decent amount of room to stand and wait for your order or to grab a seat. Even with a pretty large staff, there was a small line (about 3 people ahead of me) and a wait for a bagel and cream cheese. I'm interested to see how they will handle a bigger crowd once word spreads (see what I did there?!) that it is now open. 
Staff was incredibly nice. They made a slight mistake with my order (plain whole wheat bagel instead of whole wheat everything) and before I even noticed the error, they gave me a second one for free. That's a sign of good customer service! 
Since this place just opened, I am sure they are still working out some kinks, but they are off to a good start!
The only complaint I have is, why couldn't it have opened when I was a student at Drexel and lived on campus?!The bagels themselves are great. (It's not easy to find a good bagel in Philadelphia.) But they cost $2.00 a piece, which is pretty pricey. I haven't even ventured into their sandwiches, because they are prohibitively expensive.
My main gripe was with the service. I know they only opened a week ago, but it was utter chaos in that store. The cashier was snippy at her best, and downright bitchy at her worst. And this was about a 30-second interaction. They were disorganized, and there was no flow to the work queue whatsoever. The fact that they screamed the names of the customers as their orders were ready was a little nerve-wracking. The fact that I had to repeat my order for a half-dozen bagels (5 sesame, 1 everything) four times before they got it right was ridiculous.
Luckily I don't eat much bread these days, so I'll only need to go in there for a bagel fix once in a blue moon. I really hope they get their act together, because they do have potential as a successful breakfast spot. They could use a customer service seminar, though, IMHO.Generally, the bar is on the lower side for bagels in Philly - I don't expect them to taste like New York bagels, and so it's fine when they don't. These guys did a pretty decent bagel all things considering. I ordered a Club (bacon, cheddar, turkey, apple) on a poppyseed at around 1:30 on a Thursday - no line at all. A little on the pricy side at ~10 bucks, but fine. The sandwich is billed to come with honey mustard, I was given a sandwich with mayo for some reason. Luckily I am a WASP and am down with mayo, but it was notable. The cheese was lackluster, in that it didn't taste like much, but the bacon was excellent. 
Enough minor concerns to keep it from 4 stars, but I wouldn't turn up my nose at a repeat visit.I feel sorry for those of you who have had negative experiences at Spread.  It's easy to be deterred by the lines that often extend far beyond the counter, but honestly, the wait is worth it if you're not in a hurry.  The bagels are fresh, and the cream cheese is TO DIE FOR!  It's not often that I get the egg and cheese sandwiches (since they are slightly higher in price than a bagel with cream cheese, butter, PB&J or any combination of the above) but the eggs are delicious and I love to add green apple slices to an egg and cheese sandwich!  The Club with turkey, cheese and apple is also quite yummy; though the most often I will get a toasted plain or sesame bagel with plain cream cheese or lox (smoked salmon) spread.  The employees and the manager, in my experience, have been very friendly every time I've been there so I have no complaints on the customer service end.  They also have La Colombe coffee, and while I'm not a coffee snob, it's one of my favorite kinds!The bagels were just ok  after having a bagel from Philly style bagels (which are the greatest bagels ever) nothing else can compare.  Spread bagels were light and airy but just tasted raw. The customer service was not there either ... the cashier was complaining because it was busy... hey I'm only here because Philly style was closed and I probably won't come back.Expensive sandwiches and spreads, crappy service. I get the feeling that they take themselves very seriously and really think we journeyed to stand there "just" to eat their "great" bagels.  Nooooo! We're hungry and needed a quick sandwich before hitting the drive home. The bagels were so heavy on their own they would make a great door stop.Maybe it's because I'm from New York. I  gave this place two tries both time I was disappointed.The bagels have no taste ( that was  everything bagels) they for got the kechup and hot sauce one of  the times.The eggs are prescrambled so you can't get a fried egg. Finally I think they are every expensive.It honestly took about 40 minutes to receive my bagel with egg whites and bacon. The cooks have no idea what they are doing, the rest of the staff just sits around and waits for orders to be completed, and the line moves slower than molasses. Also, one of the staff members insulted my personal appearance while I was waiting for my bagel. I'm giving them 2 stars only because the bagel was pretty decent. Don't waste your time, it's not worth the wait.Ordered a bagel this morning. There was a black hair baked into my bagel. I couldn't even pull it out if I wanted to. 
2 weeks ago when I went with my friend, she also had a hair in her bagel sandwich (luckily for her, it wasn't actually baked into the bagel, like mine was)
Won't be coming back.Nova scramble bagel was excellent, and very large portion. It's filling and a bit heavy, I personally take out the onions. The cream cheese is wonderful! Also like that the sesame bagel has sesame seeds on both the top and bottom bagel lol it's the little things that countVerdict: Still out on fancy bagels.
I liked my wood fired cinnamon raisin bagel. This was the first one I've ever had with multiple colors of raisins inside. While these aren't the cheapest on the block, you're going to get plenty of bagel for your buck. Half the fun is watching the bagel batch come out of that oven.
The whole wheat everything was another good one with lots of flavor to enjoy. The poppy seed bagel had more seeds than you would believe without seeing it yourself.
Go here. Grab a bagel. Grab a beer. Oh yeah. There's an adjoining place to grab a brew. With a Wawa next door, you're all set for a good day in Philly.The service was horrendous. God forbid you order anything here, it would require too much effort their end actually to prepare a bagel for you. They are doing a huge favor for you by ordering a coffee from their bar. The sad part was that the bagels werent even good for them to be snotty. But maybe they will be good after you almost die from starvation and accept to eat dry bagelsWe've enjoyed Spread at Rittenhouse Square, so while we were in University City, we were excited to stop by here on a Saturday morning around 10 AM. There were just three people ahead of us which is a nice change from Rittenhouse on a weekend!! My husband placed his order, and as I started to place mine, the guy at the grill told the cashier person that our order would have to be the last until he could get caught up on the orders (there were probably ten people in line behind us at that point). The cashier stepped away from us, stood at the grill pulling orders off of the machine, turned around to us and said "sorry" and then stood at the grill. Just stood at the grill. A moment later when he turned around, we asked if he would be taking our order, and he said they needed to catch up and it'd be a while. We left and went to Cosi which was entirely disappointing compared to Spread, but what horrible service and NO communication! While I can't say I won't return to this location because I do love their bagels and La Columbe coffee, the management of this location needs to improve! If a bagel place can't keep up with demand on a Saturday morning, something needs to be addressed!Had breakfast on Wednesday great food very clean nice addition to the area nice patio will great to sit outside  and have beer  and take in the street  seenThe product is good, but they just can't. get. the. service. right.  The wait is too long.  The ordering is confusing (what kind of bagels do you sell?).  Sometimes it takes forever to get your food.  They also don't usually ask whether you want your bagel grilled/toasted/etc.  I assumed they'd serve the bagel pretty toasted, with the whole 'wood-fired' message.  But nope.  It's just tempting not to go back, because it's never a great experience.  Also, by the way, the prices are laughably ridiculous.  $12 for a bagel sandwich?  My god, you guys are too proud of this product.Overpriced and underwhelming. The bagels were super soft and nothing like the delicious Montreal style bagels I grew to love when I lived just outside Montreal on the US/Canada border. These bagels are way too soft on the outside. Plus they're horrendously overpriced- the bagels are rather small and paying 3.50 for a plain bagel with plain cream cheese ($1 to add a couple slices of cucumber?!) is silly. I'm so sad to write this because I've been looking forward to Spread opening for the last year- I may try it again after a few months to see if anything changes, but in the mean time I'll keep going to one of the other places nearby for my morning bagel.I'm hungry just thinking about this place! I got a egg white sandwich for breakfast with Swiss, mushrooms and spinach on an everything bagel. Can't wait to go back and try peanut better cream on a chocolate chip bagel. Yum!Seems like a great, trendy place to get a tasty breakfast sandwich, right? Wrong. 8:30am on a Sunday and I was told they "just ran out of sausage." I got a meager helping of bacon instead. Also, a half slice of cheese and a little bit of egg whites. All for $7.50! (Oh, and the sign said it was only $7.00, but whatever.) Total rip off. The sandwich I purchased was basically a sesame bagel with some warm goo in between. Can't wait to tell others about this house of frauds.visited twice.  Both time very bad service with attitude. Bagel was also very burnt but still served. Bad bad experience. You should try schmear it (food truck) instead. Way betterIt honestly took about 40 minutes to receive my bagel with egg whites and bacon. The cooks have no idea what they are doing, the rest of the staff just sits around and waits for orders to be completed, and the line moves slower than molasses. I'm giving them 3 stars only because the bagel was pretty decent and the second time around it was slightly better.I'll start off by saying the service was good... the everything bagels on the other hand were terrible.. no flavor whatsoever, pretty sure I ordered cream cheese and not sour cream ( it was cream cheese ). Pretty disappointed.. I wanted their bagels to be good .. because of service I might give it another shotWe were so excited to eat bagels until we saw the cook prepping everyone's food 
 with his bare hands. We didn't have a huge problem with it assuming he washed his hands. But we saw him just wipe them occasionally on his pants which were dirty af. Generally he seemed to not care about his hygiene. We also saw him smoke a cigarette outside with his apron still on while we were eating. One of the coworkers on the line had gloves on but it defeats the purpose since the bagels ended up in the dirty guys hands anyway. Generally the prep table seemed dirty and disorganized. With that being said the bagels tasted good.Super friendly staff and incredible breakfast sandwiches. Big portions and fresh ingredients. Loved the atmosphere as well. I'm looking forward to coming back and trying out some of their lunch sandwiches. Oh also the college-aged cashier called me "hon." Fun!My absolute favorite weekly stop,  best bagels, awesome staff, Allie is the hostess with the mostest!  Friatta bagel sandwich, and so many others linger with me well beyond breakfast. This is a gem, must eat here, kind of place!!!Great bagels and unique coffee drinks. Took a little bit because it was clocked and they only have on grill. Otherwise, the bagels are great and the staff is friendlyCrazy lines, ridiculous prices ($9 for a bagel, really?) and they often mess up my order. I asked for veggie cream cheese, paid extra for it, and got plain. Also their bagels aren't "the best ever". Prefer NY bagels any day of the week.The bagels are definitely good, and that is a rare find in Philadelphia. However the prices are a bit high, and the woman at the register tried to nickel and dime me when I told her they gave us lox spread instead of the pieces of lox that we ordered. She started digging through receipts to prove me wrong until a manager told her just to fix it. Afterwards, when she found the receipt, I saw she realized her mistake and didn't bother apologizing for it. 
In conclusion, if you want a great bagel there aren't many options in Philly. These are Montreal style bagels and they're delicious. Prices are a bit high, which is to be expected, considering the lack of better options. The atmosphere is better in University City, but the service was better in Center City.Went to Spread around 8am.  Ordered two bagel sandwiches.  Both were burned, and neither tasted good.  The two adults working there appeared to be more interested in smoking outside and each other than taking care of customers.  We had to wait for them to finish their smokes before ordering...  This is not a place to buy food...This is not a New York Bagel. 
As a NYC transplant to Philly I am often homesick for "good" bagels. There are two spots right outside of Philadelphia that scratch that itch for me...but who wants to drive 30 min for a decent Bagel? 
Spread has been open for a while and I had heard mixed reviews. 
Well, color me delightfully surprised. This Montreal wood fired is a new kind of bagel for me. It is not shiny like NY bagels. And no, they don't have an egg everything Bagel (suggestion: please make an egg everything bagel)...but these bagels are GOOD. I'm gonna be so bold as to say best in Philadelphia. They aren't pretending to be anything but what they are.
I'm sweet on their lovely everything bagel with cream cheese (tip: ask for a little and you'll get a normal amount of cream cheese). Paired with some of their fresh squeezed juices or spot on coffee- and its perfection. 
The breakfast sandwiches are next on my radar. I hear excellent things!I went there this morning to get an OJ and everything bagel with cream cheese. I couldn't believe it was $7.50! It's much better tasting than Wawa next door, however, I would rather eat there than spend $7 on a small breakfast. They threw in a free coffee as a special, which was a nice touch, but it still didn't make me want to come back. The bagel was decent- nothing special and not worth the $3 I spent on it, not to mention the OJ was $4!!! If you want to stay in business in a college town, lower your prices!!!I regretted spending my money and time at this place. $11 for an ordinary bagel is definitely overpriced, plus the bagel tasted really awful, like it was exposed in the air for couple of weeks in the back of a truck. It made Starbucks bagels taste like heaven. The smoked salmon did not taste fresh at all either. I wonder how the shop is still operating. Do not recommend. Go to Wawa next door and get decent, fresh, cheaper food for your own good and health.Another place that got 1 pity star because Yelp makes you give a star to write a review.  On a Sunday morning, who wants to leave the house to get food after a night out? Not ME OR MY FRIENDS.  So we turn to GrubHub to quench our thirst and satiate our hunger. Boy did we make a mistake!
I have never been so livid with an establishment.  I thought I would blame the GrubHub driver but after skimming some of these reviews I can be sure Spread was the culprit.  Honestly what kind of name is "Spread" anyway??? First mistake I would say...
Anyway ordered two draft lattes and they arrived HALF FULL.  WHAT THE ACTUAL CLUCK.  Attached will be a picture.  Can I even say half full because it may be a quarter.  Also, got a bagel that was cold, not the correct type of bagel I ordered and came with no "spread" aka cream cheese or butter.  IF YOUR NAME IS SPREAD, REMEMBER TO PUT THE GOD DAMN SPREAD IN THE BAG.  
We also ordered juice and they didn't mess that up, but honestly a 2 year old wouldn't mess that up.
Not worth the wait, the price, the processing fees, the delivery fees. Simply not worth it. 
***Never order from here. Never go here. These people and this place is incompetent as hell.***Had two breakfasts here this week while visiting Wharton.  The wood fired bagels were perfectly toasted and I can't figure out peoples' issues with the service.  People were pleasant.  It's a bagel shoppe and if the orders are simply done correctly and taste good they've done their part.  One day I got the full salmon and egg (forgot the name) and the next simply a salmon smear.  I plan to get breakfast there before flying out tomorrow AM.  Good on you Spread Bagelry!!As a Spread Rittenhouse regular, I have to say I am SO impressed with their University City location! 
This location is bright, open, and much larger than the original, leaving plenty of tables to grab both inside and out to eat with friends, or hole up and study.
The menu is the same as the original - montreal style bagels with a variety of unique spreads as well as egg and turkey sandwiches. I've had most of the menu items, but I'd say my favorites are the whole wheat everything bagels, veggie spread, and egg sandwich with bacon and amish jam. This location has the added bonus of the draft latte - sooo good!
Service is quick and friendly. No one minds if you spend a few minutes or a few hours in the shop reading/studying/hanging with friends. 
Overall, a reliable place to grab good food with friends or hole up and study.I came here around 8 in the morning yesterday. The line wasn't too long but it definitely takes a bit of waiting to receive your order. I opted for the Frittata Breakfast Sandwich with a lightly toasted whole-wheat-everything bagel after reading some reviews on Yelp. They offer complimentary medium sized La Calombe coffee with orders from 7am-10am (self serve). 
The Frittata breakfast sandwich was HUGE, and by huge I mean really eggy. I think there were like 6 eggs in there. The bacon was rather hard and so was the bagel (after being toasted it became very stiff). It didn't taste as good as it looked. I'd have to try a few more of their items before making any final judgements, but it's nice having a bagel shop around.I randomly went to get a Bagel with my girlfriend and as alternate to Wawa next door. And I couldn't have been more satisfied! The bagels are the freshest I've ever had. The sandwich my girlfriend got was excellent too. If your looking for a good bagel shop this is the place. A little on the expensive side but well worth it. I'll definitely be shopping here again!Best new spot in University City... finally i can get a real bagel sandwich!!! I consider myself a value shopper as opposed to a price shopper, if you can relate than this is the spot for you bc the size and quality of the food they put out coupled with the friendly service and atmosphere elevate it above anything else around. I cant wait till the bar opens!!!Amazingly good bagels!  Cozy & inviting atmosphere.  Expect a decent lineup on weekends after 9am due to the popularity of this place.  I have been coming here almost every weekend for the past 18 months.  Trust me, it's worth the wait.  The bagels are that good.  The bottomless la columbe coffee is also delicious.  They provide a generous 'smear' of butter, cream cheese, etc with your bagel.  It is nice to see the owner at the 20th Street location on weekends engaging with the customers in line or at the tables.  You may get to enjoy some accordion music by a kindly gentleman if you are lucky.  Enjoy!The rye bagel was very good. They have la colombe coffee too, and smoothies. They have a nice outdoors section with picnic tables, and some Amish products.Bagels are mediocre and overpriced; they taste more like hard dinner rolls. Lox spread had 3 chunks of lox in it. $6 better spent elsewhere.Bagel sandwiches are good. However service is is not good. The person behind the counter observed me waiting to order and continued a conversation with another staff member. Never greeted customers on entry.The line moved fast and the store is nice, those were the high points. Spread Bagelry is the most expensive bagel place in town.  They charge premium pricing plus. Egg and cheese will set you back $7.50, $9 for a grilled cheese, I ordered a peanut butter and jelly bagel which runs almost $5.  It sucked, plain and simple.  It was around 12:30 pm and they were already out of cinnamon raisin bagels, which is strange since they make their own on site.  How they had zero cinnamon raisin but overflowing baskets of every other kind is odd to me.  Anyway, I ordered a PB & J on wheat bagel.  They call it "Peanut butter creme and Amish jam" so they can charge $4.50 for it.  The peanut butter creme tastes NOTHING like peanut butter, so if you are hoping for peanut butter this will be a major disappointment.  It's more like a brown gooey glue with no taste. The amish jam is flavored sugar.  The bagel itself was okay, chewy, and doughy, but with no crisp or crunch on the outside, all softee and squishy.  A frozen supermarket bagel with Skippy peanut butter and any 100% fruit jam would be 1000x better any day of the week.  I hope I can post pictures of the sloppy mess I was served.Bagel was excellent, coffee was great, the whiny white boy music they were pumping through the speakers made me want to puke it all up.I've ordered take out/Grubhub three times from here and all three times my bagel was cold and tough to chew even though I requested it toasted all three times. The third time I even wrote extra toasted in the comments to make sure, but nope. Still got a tough cold bagel.
I decided to go in today hoping it would be different. I had roughly 15/20 minutes to spare. The line was out the door, but I thought "how long could bagels take?" 15 minutes later I finally get to the front of the line and the ONE cash register employee tells me to wait "10 seconds." She then gives his guy his roughly 8 sandwich order in the slowest way possible. Once she finally comes back she tells me I have to wait "a little longer." I tell her I'm in a rush (it had been 20 min at this point) and that I'd have to leave if she couldn't at least just take my order. She seemed annoyed that I was in a rush and said I'd have to wait for all the orders ahead of me to be filled regardless. I still don't understand why she couldn't just take my order. She proceeded to simply stand there doing nothing.
Also only two people were making the food and it seemed like there was a total of maybe 5 employees working at 11 am on a Saturday. This is very stupid in my opinion. The line was even longer out the door when I left in frustration (without any food). Ridiculous. 
Who knew it would take over 30min to get a simple toasted bagel with cream cheese. Even though I love bagels and the menu looked great, I'm never going here again. Complete waste of time.This is not your average hangover bagel fix.  The breakfast bagel sandwiches are much more expensive than anything I expected (the average cost was probably ~9.50), but the quality made me less bitter about this fact.  I had the Classic (bacon, egg, and cheese) on an everything bagel, and the bagel was flavorful, the egg portion was substantial, and the bacon was thick-cut and INCREDIBLE.  I would go here to treat myself on a Sunday, but for just a regular workday breakfast fixing, I would go to a food truck for a much cheaper (and greasier) breakfast sandwich.Dissapointed. The first time I went, the bagel tasted stale. I decided to give it another chance. I modified my order, and repeated it twice. The person taking my order was very rude and then she got my order wrong. Not worth the $10. I will not be going back. Cosi squagels are better.do NOT go there! Very poor food handling by the gross hungover dirty "cooks" who don't change their gloves, sneeze over food, and eat while making your $8.5-$14 bagel. The "manager" was walking around making to-go orders and touching the forks and coffee mouth piece with her bare, dirty hands! GROSS! Cashier was eating and cursing with the cooks while assisting customers. Bagels were soggy and disgusting quality eggs, bacon, and cheese. Save your money and time and stay away!!!!Walked in this morning, bought 3 bagels to go. One was good and fresh; two were hard as rocks, possibly left over from yesterday. They should put little flags on their bagels to notify customers which are fresh and which are stale. Not going back anytime soon.Love the vibe walking in. The decor, music, and friendly staff were all inviting. Ordered a sesame bagel with veggie cream cheese. The bagel was a bit bland and tasted more like bread than a bagel. However, I might be more biased towards New York style bagels as I typically enjoy a saltier taste and fluffier consistency inside. The cream cheese also lacked flavor and the texture I typically look for in a veggie cream cheese. I also ordered an iced coffee which was just ok. Overall, great location and space but just average flavors.Bagels are good but they are very disorganized and understaffed on weekends in particular. Can't manage online orders with in person orders. Constantly messing up and taking new orders.Great bagels and good quality toppings. My favorite is the chicken BLT with nice thick bacon and fresh cooked chicken.I was very excited when I saw them setting up this shop. It looks beautiful, flowers on the roof and super sleek on the inside. And then i saw they had La Colombe on tap. So today i decided to walk in and try. "Montreal" bagel and get a La Colombe draft latte. Normally ill go to the La Colombe which is like a few blocks away but this was slightly closer. Well obviously I ordered a draft latte and because the bagels looked amazing, i got an everything bagsl with vegetable cream cheese. Actually, i asked if i could have vegetable and jalapeno cream cheese but apparently thats not possible . Ok so my draft latte, all foam!!!! It dissipated within minutes of leaving. If you haven't had a draft latte, its like pouring beer, you need to make sure you tilt the glass so you dont just get a lot of "head". So that was a waste of $5. Then i get home and try the bagel. The bagel is delicious. Philly has really sucky bagels; not like ny or nj. But this place did it right... and thats where they stopped because the "veggie" cream cheese is just cream cheese with carrots. They should just refer to it as carrot cream cheese. Ugh such a disappointment!! Worst $11 I've ever spent. The two stars are for the bagel itself.So easy to order through DoorDash for pickup. My bagel was delicious and fresh but a little pricey at almost $20!! I decided to treat myself regardless and it was totally worth it.I had a poor experience today with one of the tall white staff members. After letting him know my order was ready and him adamantly saying it was not ready i had to point it out to him. He then decides to call me moody as I'm leaving the establishment. As a customer you probably want to train your employees on customer service. You lost a customer today simply on the premise of your employee feeling he needed to criticize me because he was wrong.Delicious !!!! Great location, great staff!! I'm so excited to dine here frequently! 
Nothing bad to say !TODAY is Friday the 17th of September, 2021. 
this place sucks. i've given it way too many chances, every time i go i wait way too long for a sloppy messy bagel that was obviously not made with care. They always seem to mess up an aspect of my order too. I will never be returning and i hope none of you decide to eat here. the cherry on top is how overpriced everything is. they need to fire everyone and get a whole new staff.The pizza bagel is my favorite. Also a fan of the scallion cream cheese on any of the bagels and the frittata scramble. Some of the reviews say they brought bagels home and they were stale. I agree that the bagels don't keep as well as a more fluffy traditional bagel - BUT if toast them up at home, they're perfect.I stopped in just because it was the closest breakfast place to my hotel.
The bagels here are Montreal style bagels and are definitely made fresh in house. 
I got a bacon egg and cheese on a plain bagel. No complaints...definitely tasted fresh.
The experience with the cashier was awkward. I walked to the register and ordered...the cashier put her head down and rang in the order and never said anything to me or acknowledged me. Didn't give me any idea where I pick my food up, how long it would take, didn't ask my name etc. 
I am a restaurantuer so I understand how hard it is to find restaurant employees with a pulse. At least the bagels are fresh.These folks have been great during the shut down and current pandemic. Their online ordering system is very easy to use and they are incredibly efficient and kind when you go there. 
So far we have had their everything bagel and whole wheat everything bagel and both have been absolutely fantastic. The olive, scallion, and lox cream cheeses are also absolutely on point. 
As far as the only improvement I think it would be nice to build a half dozen or dozen bagels of mixed variety. Currently, via the online platform one can only order half dozen/dozen of a single variety.  
That said, the bagels here are always fresh and we are more than happy to support these folks during such a tumultuous time.Great new location with the same tasty bagels. I kept it simple with scallion cream cheese on a sesame bagel and was not disappointed - the bagel was fresh and so were the scallions. Looking forward to trying their many creative bagel sandwiches and pizzas!I just moved to the neighborhood. 2nd time I encountered the same rude girl behind the counter on my 3rd visit. I asked for my order to be toasted well, after calling  20 minutes in advance. She asked when I would arrive, I said "9 am". I show up at 9:02. With two other customers waiting, I asked for my order. She did not acknowledge me as she grabbed two fresh bagels. I ask if they were mine. Her scornful reply was "I didn't know when you was comin". 
Love the bagel quality. May have to order from a different location and hope there is some actual customer service.Ordered online and they didn't actually have anymore of what I wanted. So why doesn't it say sold out on the site? Waited 20 mins after for a different order.Very dry and biscuit type plain bagel.. bagel should not make extra crunch sound when you bite into it. Good plain cream cheese. 
Also, please hire good personality person for register counter.  They can't have attitude. They should be trained to greet you, smile and call you by your name when order is up (instead hey here is your bagel).While these aren't St. Viateur bagels, they're an amazing close second and 7 hours closer.  I only ordered a dozen bagels but will be back to try the sandwiches after seeing how great they look.Terrible service. Wrong order. Ordered two bagels, one egg and cheese breakfast sandwich and one toasted bagel. Neither were correct and the egg and cheese was replaced by a single bagel with jam. 
Don't waste your time or money.Hi tell your man that you turn a bagel n into a delightful treat they are excellent I love going into the air and purchasing a bagel because I know that they're going to built it like a building and I'm going to be a satisfied customer afterwardsPoor service. Have messed up my order multiple times now. When I asked to cancel my most recent order (prior to it being started) they said no. It was 25 minutes late and I had to leave to get to a meeting and no refund.Great food as we seem to order from here every weekend; however, the management teams need to urgently figure out how to handle the demand as they seem to have 0 process for distributing out online orders to the  consumer. Literally groups of people in there waiting for their placed orders. No one systematically is calling out names or on top of  distribution.  And Grub Hub tells you order will be ready in 15 and by the time you get there, its pushed out to over 30 minutes.Pretty dry bagels 
And stingy on the cream cheese
Pretty expensive*
*8.25 for a bacon egg & cheese on a bagelWho can't give 5 Stars when they season both sides of the everything bagel? The only thing I wish my delivery had different was cream cheese on the side of the extra bagel I ordered. I know for the future to request it on the side.Great bagel sandwiches! However, their "standard" sandwich on an everything bagel is smaller than the one you can get at the spread in Rittenhouse Square. Note to self, do NOT add hot water to re-heat Chai Latte's!Poor customer service and rude employees on multiple visits. No one says hi or asks to take your order. I rarely write reviews but I've given this place multiple chances (I want to love it!) but every time I go I feel like I'm somehow inconveniencing them. I will definitely walk a little further to get bagels from now on.Ordered and paid for 2 breakfast bagels, was delivered 1 bagel that was the wrong kind. Called to ask if they could fix the mistake, but after they answered the phone, they left us on the phone for 20 minutes and ignored us.I come here weekly for either their coffee, loose bagels, or breakfast sandwiches. The food is really good. Would give it five stars but It is more expensive then some other bagel spots around the corner and they need to have friendlier staff especially in the front of the house. It's the little things like good customer service that keep loyal customers.My two experiences with this Spread location were so vastly different so I'm not sure how to rate this, but I'll start with the good one-
On a weekend morning, got a deluxe bagel with brisket, eggs, delicious spicy sauce and cheese, and also got to try a classic SEC on a bagel as well. Although a little pricey, the amount of taste in this bagel combo was insanely perfect for a hangover. The bagels themselves are super fresh as well. 5/5 for this day. 
The next time, I arrived to pick up an order I had placed to find they didn't have any record of it, didn't have any bagels left to complete my order, and the workers told me to come get it tomorrow instead of canceling the order for me. I was very confused what they meant by that, and they acted annoyed when I asked for my order to be canceled on their end since I didn't have my phone with me. 
Overall super tasty but the service wasn't inspiring me to go back again. But the bagels might be good enough to blow me back inI ordered takeout here today - on a Monday - and I waited 45 minutes for a bagel with whitefish. After al of that, the bagel was burnt. Terrible terrible terrible.hands down rudest service i have ever received in person . the bagel tastes like toasted cardboard, and and to add insult the injury , the place is pricey. won't be back for shesUnfortunately we ordered on grub hub and their service with it was down that day. Luckily, they just needed a picture of our order, and by the time we showed them it, the order had come through and they apologized for any inconvenience. The grilled cheese was delicious but definitely overpriced at $10. The chai was okay and the everything bagel with cream cheese I got was pretty good. My only other complaint is that I got an oat milk draft latte that was perfect last time I came here, and this time it was a lot darker (less oat milk) and not as good. Also, they don't have all of their drink options on grub hub so we had to order them when we went to pick up, although that's not the end of the world!I hate to write bad reviews, but the service needs to drastically improve.  45 min to get a bagel melt.  It's as though everyone is in slow motion.Came here for bagels and the staff was extremely friendly.  I got the scallion cream cheese and bacon, egg, & cheese both on plain bagels.  The one bagel came loaded with cream cheese that was very tasty.  The breakfast sandwich was a little disappointing but was so filling I couldn't even finish all of it.  These are some of the better bagels you'll find in Philly but are a little more on the pricey side!This is a great example of "just because it's different, doesn't mean it's bad". Sure their bagels taste a little different than what you're used to-they are supposed to. Get up and plan your orders early-they run out of items and pick up slots fast. I can't speak for in person purchases as I used a third party app for pickup. 
My only recommendation is to skip the garlic bagel, unless you're craving copious amounts of garlic and fear a looming vampire attack.I really wish I could give this place a higher review, considering their bagels are pretty good. First of all, this place has the worst service of any breakfast place I have been to. It took 40 mins to get one bagel the other day, and I was one of two people in there. I had to excuse myself from the restaurant because I was so frustrated. It has been this level of service every time I went. The bagels are also severely overpriced. All in all,  there's better bagels with better service and better prices all around philly (and I love bagels, trust me). I gave this bagel place a fair shot (going there 5 plus times), but it disappoints me every single time. Also, last time we were there they forgot the bacon on my bacon egg and cheese. Overall I think it's the staffing that make it so bad unfortunately.I went to Spread this morning with my parents, and I could not have been more disappointed with the service. I have been to Spread many times before, but never have I ever had such a bad experience there. We ordered 4 different sandwiches and a few coffees, and the guy who took our order was just absolutely oblivious. We stood in front of the cashier for no joke about 10 minutes with absolutely no acknowledgement while he printed receipts. Not even a simple "I'll be right with you" while we waited. When he finally took our order, not only did he mess up our coffees and not put in cream after we asked for it, but he also messed up 2 of our sandwiches. Our order was a $50 order and we waited about 50 minutes for our food, so we were expecting at least decent service. The worst part about the whole experience was that we ordered a bagel with smoked salmon, and I asked for capers to be added onto the sandwich. After arriving home and opening the sandwich, we discovered that instead of putting capers on our smoked salmon bagel, they put KETCHUP. KETCHUP on a smoked salmon bagel...like even if the cashier misheard me, was he actually not going to clarify with me that I wanted KETCHUP with my smoked salmon?! We also paid $2 extra to add avocado to a different sandwich and he completely forgot to add that to our sandwich, but he charged us anyway. Overall it was a terrible experience for pretty expensive bagels. Will not be providing service to Spread any time in the near future.The cooks are very attentive but the cashiers are literally the worst ever. again, tasty bagels, but the people that you will talk to here will make you think that they hate you and their job.  Like they are the literal worst!Their costumer service is terrible. They sent me my confirmation for pick up and when I went it wasn't ready, the bagels hadn't been made yet. The woman working the register was so rude and not helpful at all. She didn't help me or offer any solutions. When I told her I had received a confirmation email she said she had not sent me one, even after I showed her the picture. I will not be going back.Terrible experience.  Ordered 1 and a half dozen bagels for pick up to be ready 10:40 A.M. Never received a text or call that it was ready, and called 10 times which went right to voicemail. At noon I went to the store, in which the employees were very rude. The line outside was more of a cluster, and in order to get to your order when the employee came out, you had to be within 1 foot of at least several people. The employee came out with 6 bagels and when I told him my order he said that was not what the ticket said. I proceeded to tell him the amount I paid and he reluctantly said he can give me 6 more bagels, when i was owed 12 more. He said I would have to wait a while for the 12 additional, which I did. Overall very unorganized, and am disappointed by my experience.Loud music the entire time from ordering to time I left. I couldn't hear the person taking my order talking through her mask, glass partition and the loud music.
The coffee was horrible, comes from an urn that the employee couldn't tell me when it was last brewed. Coffee tasted bitter and was at best lukewarm. Egg sandwich was decent except for the hair I found in it, but costly at $9.50. There are better choices elsewhere.
Buyer beware!Update: this place is a disaster. They're so understaffed and have everyone managing everything in addition to the storm of online orders. I won't return here. Lots of other bagel spots in the area.A plain bagel with cream cheese is $5.00, exclusive of tax and tip. I would absolutely never return unless you plan on buying a bagel sandwich. They are still overpriced but at least significantly more substantive. A plain bagel and a bagel sandwich here was $20.00.Good bagels in Philly are hard to come by, so I was super excited to try Spread! We ordered online through the app and it said our order would be ready in 30 minutes and to pick it up at 10am. We had to be somewhere in the suburbs by 11am, so I figured this was plenty of time to grab our order and head out of the city. 
Wow I was so wrong. We showed up to Spread at 9:55 and there was a group of people congregated by the entrance. They were only letting 1 person in at a time, which is understandable given the current circumstances. I didn't understand why they weren't just calling out people's orders as they were ready, but whatever. We waited outside for almost 50 minutes. I wanted to leave, but we paid $25 for two bagel sandwiches so I decided to wait it out. When it was my turn to finally enter the restaurant, the person working (might've been a manager) did not greet me. He actually had zero sense of urgency even though there was a large group of people standing outside waiting for their bagels. When he decided to acknowledge my presence, he handed me an order that was wrong. After 5 minutes of me describing what I ordered and telling him what my order # was, I finally was given the correct order. They definitely have some kinks to work out as they appear to be unorganized, and hopefully they can start off by ensuring that the estimated ready times are somewhat accurate. The bagels themselves were pretty good, but I don't think I can justify spending $12 on a breakfast sandwich again. All in all, I'd visit Spread if you have a good hour to wait around for a bagel!Ordered online, told my order would be ready in about 25 minutes. So head over to pick up at the designated time...after an hour goes by my order still isn't ready, and the cashier gave me attitude for checking on the status. I also witnessed her being nasty to 3 other customers. I wait an additional 15 minutes and talk to a different cashier, then she tells me they are out of one of the two meat toppings, and the bagel type. So I request a different bagel and a substitute topping. An hour and a half after placing the order, I finally get my bagel sandwich...not only did they choose the wrong substitute bagel (they were out of whole wheat everything so I asked for regular everything, they gave me a plain bagel), they also substituted the topping they DID have with my replacement for the missing topping...still only receiving one topping.. I paid $13 for The Cure (bacon, brisket, egg & cheese) on a whole wheat everything and received a sausage, egg and cheese on a plain bagel... for $13+ !!! Not only was this a huge waste of my time and money, the sandwich was GARBAGE.   I will NEVER go back.Okay so in my humble opinion, I really like this place. It's incredibly clean, it has a beautiful atmosphere and the ingredients they use to make the bagel sandwiches aren't cheap garbage. I don't like places that skimp. Here's the short for people who don't want to read my entire finely crafted narrative on a bagel shop-
THE GOOD: Quality bagels, nice oven taste. Clean, comfortable atmosphere. Portion sizes are huge. All ingredients are quality and substantial.
THE NOT SO GOOD: Prices. That's it, but you get what you pay for. 
That being said, the only critique I have of this place is that it's expensive for a take out bagel. The first time I ordered a bagel sandwich I was a little annoyed that it was a similar price to an actual breakfast at a diner. So, I was skeptical. You're looking at roughly $4ish for bagels and fully loaded sandwiches are above $10. Usually in the $13ish range. But man, you get what you pay for. The sandwiches are STACKED. I'm not a small guy, and I've never considered saving half of my bagel sandwich in my entire life before Spread. They are substantial, and they do not skimp with any add-on, including cream cheese. I mean, would pay $13 for a brisket sandwich for lunch? Yeah, that's not crazy. So why not for a bagel brisket sandwich. Another positive is they also package the food nicely. it's never squished or a smear-y mess. I hate it when I unwrap a sandwich and it looks like it was long snapped to Carson Wentz who then threw it 40 yards downfield and it was bobbled and swatted to the ground by Nelson Agholor. Hate that.
PRO TIPS: get the bacon. I'm not sure what kind of bacon this is, but it's so good and they give you a ton of it. The strawberry basil cream cheese is awesome and isn't super sweet. It doesn't overpower a sandwich. Oddly enough, it works great with bacon. 
So a big gripe people seem to have is that the bagels taste weird. No they don't, they taste DIFFERENT. Different is okay because this different is better. Any self respecting bread connoisseur would tell you that wood oven baked will give you more quality bread flavor. The bagels taste slightly more like a loaf of something that didn't come out of a bag. I think most people are just used to the sweet-ish flour-y taste of your Wawa bagels (I'm not knocking those bagels I love Wawa). They still have a nice density and can hold up to the massive amounts of toppings they throw on them. 
So this place may not be for you if you want something super cheap that's slapped together. It may also not be for you if you don't care about quality. If you prefer your bagels to look like something you found wedged between the seats on the Broad Street Line, I would try elsewhere. As for me, I'm gonna steer clear of the stale bodega bagels and go to Spread, because I like to think that I deserve quality. Treat yo self.Spontaneously stopped by here on a Saturday morning. Staff was nice, food came out quick. I just got a bagel and cream cheese. I asked for it toasted but I am not actually sure if it was. It felt cold when I was walking out. Overall it was good. In the past I have had the garlic mayo on a sandwich and that was delicious.Awesome bagels and breakfast sandwiches! The pic speaks for itself. Super tasty and lots of options. The store is small and not any seating for indoor dining but a great option for on the go breakfast or brunch.This place is horrifyingly slow at making orders and the staff is so rude and dismissive about this. If they alert even remotely kind about how long it took to make a simple order it would be much better. The only thing keeping them from being a one star is that the bagels are actually pretty good.I've been ordering from spread a lot the past year, and for the most part I am always happy and satisfied. I think their ingredients and food is always fresh and prepared well, so I'm surprised to see some negative reviews. The staff is also very attentive and on top of things from what I've seen. The ONLY thing that baffles me is the Oat Milk Draft Latte. Every single time I order it it's different, which makes no sense because it's supposed to be on tap. I have a strong feeling that maybe the employees don't know this or maybe they don't actually have it on tap anymore? I don't think their employees understand what a latte is either, because several times I've seen them prepare regular coffee for me with oat milk added, instead of a real latte with espresso and steamed milk. It's always been busy and I used to be a barista so I know how hectic it can be, so I haven't asked the employees more details, but I'm so confused and I so badly want to know what the mix up is !!!Once in a while, you go somewhere just to get a good deal, but then realize you have discovered a gem. That's Cozette Pizza for me. My boyfriend and I went last night after finding a deal on an app. We received one classic, one pepperoni, one sausage, and three BBQ brisket slices. 
Unfortunately, I only have a picture of the classic slice (because we were too busy enjoying to take pictures!) but trust me when I say the slices were HUGE. Like, if you folded them in half, it would still be a good slice of pizza huge. And they were GOOD too. The taste didn't come from just having a ton of "stuff", they came from the quality of the dough, sauce, and toppings. It's truly been a while since I've had such a high quality pizza. 
The storefront is spacious, bright, and hip. The service is friendly. The prices are fair (full stop) and even great considering the quality of the product. If I lived closer to the store, I would probably be around for a slice at least once a week!The worst. Terrible customer service and couldn't care less after canceling my order without even informing me. Will never go here again but I'm sure that's ok with spread because they honestly seem like they couldn't care less. Awful and honestly, bagels ain't that great!Visited tje [lace twice in a week. Bagels were delicious and I will be back for more.  The only negatives were:
When I placed my order there was only 1 person working the grill as 2 staff were sitting in the dining area eating breakfast so I had to wait longer than normal for my order and I was the only one there waiting for an order.
The cashier did not seem friendly or welcoming.Fresh, tasty Montreal-style bagels and sandwiches cooked in real wood-fired oven.
My family stopped by on opening weekend and enjoyed several standard sandwiches (sausage egg and cheese) on different bagels including sesame, poppy and cinnamon raisin. All so yummy.
Best bagels in Philly!!!
They offer tons of cream cheese flavors, real Nova lox and pastrami sandwiches among other tasty choices.
La Colombe coffee yay. Draft lattes too.
Free WiFi. Comfortable seating and a decent amount of outlets. Work anyone?
Super friendly staffSpread is my go-to lazy weekend breakfast spot. Strong coffee with free refills, bagels fresh from the wood-burning oven served with some classic R&B tunes, and only a block from Rittenhouse Square (ideal for picnicking). The line is often long but it moves quickly, and the local ingredients are worth the extra dollar or two. True, Montreal bagels are not the same as New York bagels, but can't I make room in my belly for both?Man what can I say.  These place has all three ambiance, great taste and great customer service.I'm a New Yorker at heart. 
We take our bagels seriously. 
We can't stand the mass produced wads of bread that masquerade for bagels at the pseudo-bagel chains. 
Spread is serious bagels. Craft made. Matched with in store made spreads.
The real deal.Being from NJ, it's been so hard to find an acceptable bagel place in Philadelphia. I don't know what it is but the bagels in this city stink! Spread, however, is the exception to this rule!
The bagels here are just so yummy. I'm a huge fan of the toasted everything bagel with cream cheese and a fresh squeezed juice. 
To avoid the outrageous line wrapped outside on the weekends, try calling ahead to pick up an order to go! Or... Go in around 2 PM :)
My only gripe is that a bagel is like $5. Really? Meh.Expect a wait, especially on the weekends. When I arrived, around 11AM on a Sunday morning, the line was out the door. I got an everything bagel with smoked salmon cream cheese, and it was delicious. I really enjoyed the montreal style, brick-oven toasted, bagels. It maintained the appropriate combination of crispiness and fluffiness. The smoked salmon spread, while a little light on the smoked salmon, was fine. Bagels were completed only a minute after ordering. I'm assuming the breakfast sandwiches take significantly longer to make. 
My only relevant complaints regard the size and price of the bagels. Bagels definitely aren't NYC-style behemoths, but they definitely include a price premium. I bought two bagels with cream cheeses and two OJs, and the total was $17 bucks... definitely not your typical neighborhood price point.Insanely overpriced. My sausage, egg, and cheese sandwich cost over $7!!! If I'm paying $7 for a breakfast sandwich, it better knock my socks off. I thought the sandwich was very underwhelming. The eggs lacked flavor and the bagel was hard and tasted too much like burnt garlic. You can get a much better breakfast sandwich (for $4 cheaper) down the street at Palm Tree Gourmet.
In college I worked right next door to a deli that (in my opinion) served the greatest bagels/breakfast sandwiches ever, so I may be holding this place to unfairly high standards. Regardless, I can't justify paying that much money for a mediocre sandwich. Not to mention this place is tiny and always so crowded.  I probably won't return.Love the bagels, but always take mine plain (they do not have non-dairy spreads). The coffee is meh. I'm not a fan of La Colombe (worst coffee ever) so I wish they'd offer another option. Either way, 4 our of 5 stars.I'm a huge bagel snob. The bagels I had every Sunday growing up are simply nowhere to be found in Philly, and I've come to terms with that. But when I heard that Spread was serving Montreal-style, which apparently are like the deep-dish of the pizza world (similar, yet not comparable to the traditional choice), I figured I'd give it a try.
Listen - the food was good. I found the bagel to be a little strange, but it certainly was tasty. The spread (I got the lox cream cheese) was delicious, and the egg was perfectly cooked. 
So why 3 stars? Well, the service was a 5 star experience. I ordered to go, and the speed was beyond fast. And they take LevelUp, which gave them some points in my book. But the price is insane. I can't believe I spent $12 on a bagel with cream cheese (not actual lox!) and an iced coffee. Cannot believe it.
I'd say the food is 3.5 stars, the service is 5, the tiny checkout space is a 2 and the prices are a 1. If you're not concerned about price than definitely stop by and try these Canadian bagel things. But if you're trying to save your money I'd head somewhere else.Spread is a great bagel place in an area lacking any other bagel places. Their bagels are very unique and doughier than normal. They also bake them in house in a huge fire burning oven, which gives the bagels a bit of a smoky taste.
It's a great lunch place. Bagel melts are cheap and pretty good once re-toasted. Their bagels and sandwiches are definitely on the pricey side, but very good, with many fresh, house made ingredients.
I can't speak for the line on Saturday and Sunday mornings, but I've heard it can get pretty long. Call ahead to order before picking up. I've picked up a couple bagels on Saturday for Sunday morning, and they just don't retain their great Spread-y quality.
Overall, good neighborhood bagel spot.I wanted a bagel place close to home so we decided to go here. The everything bagel was okay, it tasted too much like sesame seeds and less of everything else. The bagel was big but It was too "flat" (even more deflated than other montreal bagels) so I didn't get much of the bagel texture.  If you do decide to visit this place, definitely get the cream cheese with the smoked salmon inside, the smoked salmon was pretty good but honestly, its hard to mess up on smoked salmon. I would go here to buy their spreads, but I personally didn't enjoy their bagels as muchCozy spot, good sandwich options, decent bagels, but nothing mind-blowing. Frankly, I prefer South Street Philly Bagels.I love a bagels. I long for the days of picking up a dozens bagels on the weekend and indulging. Sadly, America realized that they aren't great for you and ever since, the bagel shop business has slowly gone down hill and then I read about Spread.
Spread is a bagel place through and through and it's more than that. Their bagels are "Montreal" style. What the heck is that? Well, there's made in a brick over...aka super crusty on the outside and chewy/deliciousness on the inside. Awesome. 
I absolutely recommend checking this place out. Expect to wait a little since it's a tiny place and one of the only delicious bagel places left in town!I got a nova scramble, I went on a Monday morning and the shop was not busy.  The bagel was good but the sandwich was sloppy, definitely overpriced. Can get much better-assembled bagels for a couple dollars cheaper.Spread is my jam. The bagels are always baked to perfection and the bagel sandwiches are simple and tasty. My kind of place.These bagels are not good at all!They were undercooked on the inside even though the outside was a golden brown, and had no flavor. Also, the eggs on my bagel sandwhich were overcooked with a golden brown film on them. The staff that  runs the place is snooty and also refused to close the front door in the middle of January. When we asked if the door could be closed due to the low 30 degree temps rolling in and our feet freezing, we were told they needed to leave it open for the line - there was no line. When I commented on that fact, they said that they needed to leave the door open for ventilation. Sounds like a license and Inspection issue if the establishment with INDOOR seating cannot operate in the winter with the door closed....After this place seemed to open and close a few times, I finally got to try it out and see what the fuss as all about. 
I had never had a Montreal style bagel before, and I don't think they're quite as good as a real New York bagel, but it's definitely worth the trip when you compare it to anything you have in your freezer, or Dunkin Donuts bagels, for that matter. 
The bagels are soft, fresh, and a little doughy tasting. Like everyone else, they do over-do the cream cheese in my opinion, so I always ask for it on the side. The cream cheese itself is fluffy, and a little addictive. 
The coffee is La Colombe, and it's delicious. It goes really well with an everything bagel and cream cheese. Maybe I'm just partial.
The place was packed and the line was out the door on a Sunday morning, but the owner was still friendly, and chatted with me briefly as he brushed busily by, asking how the coffee was (I sipped it while I waited for my toasted everything...with cream cheese...mmm). 
I haven't tried much here yet, but so far, so good. I can't say there was a go-to bagel shop anywhere near me before this place opened, so I guess this is my go-to now, so that says a lot.Cool place..but only ok bagels. The breakfast sandwich ingredients very quality...but the wood fored bagel is a little smokey which is not my preferred style of bagel. If you like this style of bagel this is your joint.Seriously, Philadelphia loves to eat but wont cover a bagel with cream cheese...The Bagels they are very bready and no one in Philadelphia puts enough cream cheese on a bagel.   I was expecting to be blown away by the bagels but wasn't it was good just not great.  I may change my rating if I go for a brunch and have the eggs and bacon which smelled delicious.Never a big wait. Easy in, easy out.
Bagels are great- love an everything with veggie cream cheese or a BLT. Wanna try that pastrami special
Coffee is great.
Prices are very rittenhouse...but quality is there.
good soundtrack playing all the time.
Friendly staff.  
Wanna try the BYO vodka for brunch sometime....Decent bagels, overpriced if you're adding in an egg. Not the friendliest staff whatsoever if you're looking for a happy greeting at 9am- you're probably going to get a little bit of attitude if you have absolutely any questions at all, still on the hunt for a good bagel place in this case! 
On a side note they should probably fix their ventilation, if you decide to stay and eat in, expect to leave smelling like burnt bread.I've only been here once so far, but I've been itching to go again! I came here with a friend for a quick brunch and ordered the egg white breakfast sandwich. Egg, swiss, spinach, mushrooms, and TURKEY BACON!! Pretty much all of my favorite things piled on top of each other in between two halves of the most delicious bagel. I'm from New Jersey which is the home of the best delis, and while I won't say these were just as good, they were pretty darn close. Definitely worth a visit!As soon as you enter, you feel how warm it is from the brick oven used for the bagels and then you look up and you're overwhelmed w. the menu board... yikes.  I love the old school and quint feel of Spread and the overall customer service was quick.
The bagels are super yummy and I love the flour they have on the outside, brings a rustic taste to the bagel.  I do think a wheat bagel w/ scallion cream cheese for $4 is expensive considering I can go to the supermkt and get 5 bagels for $3 bucks.  But of course those supermkt bagels won't taste anywhere as fresh and yummy as Spread.
Bonus they offer la calombe which is my ideal coffee.
Dear Spread.... can you guys implement a reward program for every $50 spent here you get a free begal and coffee or something?.. Com' on lets reward the patrons of Spread.
TIP - Buy 6 bagels for $10 ...bang for the buck. I am def coming back for this.The line for this place is always out the door! Some of that has to do with there being only a short distance between the door and the register...
The bagels themselves are good. I'm told their in the Montreal style. Having lived in Montreal for almost a year, I think they do alright with their emulation. I tried the PB&J bagel last time. The amount of PB&J on the bagel is a lot to take in. Definitely have napkins ready.Well, well, well! Sitting pretty on the outskirts of rittenhouse square Park is this absolute gem. They use a method of wood baking which allows the bagels to be very soft. Nice variety for all your taste buddlings lol. Just know if you want a BETTER bagel go. CAUTION: not for slim pocketsLove this place. Awesome bacon egg and cheese. Great raisin bagels. People who work there are nice.Since relocating here for school, it's been a pleasant surprise to discover that Philly is quite the food city - not a "foodie" city, I'll let you ponder that one - but a fairly solid food city. Its Achilles heel, though, is definitely BAGELS! Even though I am your good ol' garden variety California gurl, I love me a good New York bagel from time to time. My proverbial no-carb-diet is begrudgingly thankful, though, because nothing in Philly hits the spot in that department...
Granted, Spread does not proclaim to have New York-style bagels - cos pardon-moi, they exclusively serve "Montral-style bagels." So maybe I shouldn't be critiquing Spread; maybe I just don't like Montral-style bagels. But hey I can still judge them for choosing that motif! These bagels taste as if the baker forgot to add salt. Wait a second, Montral-style bagels aren't supposed to have salt anyway. Hm, not sure how I feel about that philosophy. The bagels here also taste very light, mildly sweet, and bread-like, almost like a baguette that had an identity crisis and curled itself into a donut.
I'll give Spread a consolation star, for its attempt to be an individual and appeal to a niche market. But in a city like Philly where bagels are so hard to come by anyway, was that really necessary? My friend and I each got a Frittata Scramble, in which an egg, cheddar cheese, tomato, bacon, and jam are sandwiched between two bagel slices. Despite that mouthful of ingredients, we STILL thought it lacked flavor due to the lifeless, saltless bagel, and proceeded to douse it with the yummy local hot sauce they have on the tables. That is perhaps the bagellian equivalent of ruining frites with ketchup. I guess we just don't know how to appreciate subtlety... Tant pis :)As far as breakfast bagels go, this place is the bomb.  You usually have to wait a little depending on the time you show up but its worth it.  Bagels are different than your typical New Jersey bagels but I like the difference.  I got one of their bagel sandwiches first time there and then one of their bagel flats the second time there.  Both absolutely filling and delicious.  My only complaint is that I wish it were a bit quicker but I guess good food takes time!This is my favorite breakfast place in Philadelphia - they make the bagels right in front of you - nice outdoor seating on a sunny day and in a great part of town to have a walk around ie go to fitler squareAlthough these bagels are not bad, it is very misleading to call them Montreal bagels. The consistency is all wrong and most obviously they look nothing like the real thing. True Montreal bagels are uneven and no two are alike, but at Spread they look like they came straight from Sysco's freezers and simply boiling them in honey water won't make up for that.
Worst of all, Montreal bagels are dirt cheap, but at Spread they are trs chers.
The firm 4:00 PM closing is really inconvenient.My previous review is below, but I felt it necessary to post another and give the full 5 stars....  
Spread Bagelry is by far my most favorite place to get a bagel in Philadelphia.  They have an amazing way of boiling the bagels in a slightly honeyed water then firing them off to perfection in their wood oven.  The honey water definitely gives the bagel a oh so perfect sweetness to the delicious dough.  I am in LOVE! I bring my little 23 month old friend and he almost finishes a plain bagel with butter every time!  He too has great taste!  
Tuna salad is good too!
PREVIOUS:
Awesome wood fired bagels! Had the everything with cream cheese and tomato very very tasty.. Another time I ordered the asiago bread bagel - melted cheese on the bagel with a slice of tomato YUM!I came here for the first time about a month ago with a friend who had been raving about the Montreal style bagels that Spread bakes fresh daily.  I was super excited because, to me, there is nothing better than a good bagel sandwich--especially a breakfast sandwich on the weekends after a night of working or drinking; something to fill the void or soak up the toxins! I ordered the egg white sandwich on a toasted whole wheat everything bagel and fell in love with it. I've been back every weekend since and have rotated between the egg white sandwich or simply just a toasted bagel with one of their delicious cream cheese spreads (the onion scallion is by far my favorite). The bagels are doughy, oblong, unique, and fresh every time. The staff is very friendly and diligent in addition to the delicious bagels.  There isn't anything that I want to complain about other than the small interior which leaves little space for seating.The bagel was good I am usually starving in the morning and looking for a good hearty meal to start the day. He bagel did the job even though it was missing something. Maybe because everything was pre made and just sitting on the skittle. Let's keep things fresh!I stopped into Spread today after hearing about it from friends.  I'm a proud Canadian new to Philly so I was excited to try their "Montreal" style bagels. Well needless to say, these are not Authentic Montreal style bagels. They were way too big, too mushy, and not hard the way I was expecting. One normally has to eat one right away because they get stale immediately. And honestly, these were way overpriced.  
However...They did taste good though! 
But $2 bucks for one bagel is ridonkulous.Nice bagels but $25 for 2 bagels and drinks is on the expensive side. Service was really rude...I have been coming to Spread since they opened. I would describe it as somewhat Montreal Style bagels with a lack of Montreal style service. Whenever I come in here, they are always out of a specific type of bagel. I can come in at 7:30 a.m. after my jog and I will be given a list of what they do and do not have. This happens on the weekend and weekdays as well. I have also been told to call ahead to place a bagel on hold...seriously. It's almost as if whomever is running this establishment wants to make the exact number of bagels that could be possibly sold for the day. No more. No less. Which goes against the Montreal style way of bagel making where bagels are easy to come by. And do you know what these places do with their left over bagels? They wrap them in cellophane bags and sell them to customers who want to grab and go. Genius. And, how about some labels on the bread basket so the cashiers don't have to look over to see what is left. I can do that myself. Lastly, this place needs a good cleaning. If you're not rushing out with your bagel or just sit and look around for a bit, you'll see what I mean.5 stars because when I think of going out for bagels on a Sun morning, this is where I think of going first. Their creations are dough-y and chewy, have a very different character than a perfect NY bagel (the exterior has a little smoky crustiness rather than that thickness of well-boiled chew), and are wonderful in their own way. The onion bits, and sesame and poppy seeds are flavorful. Love that they have great whitefish salad and that the salmon cream cheese actually tastes like salmon. The coffee is terrific. The few lunch sandwiches I've tried (I'm so glad to see the whitefish, the selections in Philly being what they are, that I rarely try anything else) had just the right amount of really fresh veggies. Service is friendly and the folks who work there look like they like their jobs.
Be prepared that bagels are $2/ea, and sandwiches approach $10. But you'll notice the two or three folks working the oven, and appreciate the effort it takes to make these fresh.The best bagel I have ever had!  The bagels are made fresh daily and they are supper soft and moist. I got a sesame seed bagel with cream cheese. The cream cheese is also amazing. Its made by a local Amish farm. Its very fluffy and doesn't  have an overpowering taste. I normally don't care for cream cheese, but I wish I could buy this stuff!I was visiting New Jersey for work and my friend recommended this place if I didn't mind hopping over the river. After checking out their Instagram, I got an uber as fast as I could. Totally worth the drive, no questions asked. I consider myself a bagel connoisseur and this place has the best everything bagel I have had in my life. The amount of seednyness on the top and bottom of the bagel is unreal. The outside is the perfect amount of crunch while the inside is warm and chewy. My only regret is that I only ate one. It's seriously a shame that this place is so far from California. 
Since I'm a nice friend, I picked up a few extra for my friend that recommended the place and brought them back to California. It took a lot of self restraint to not eat them on the plane ride home. 
I can't wait till I can travel to Philly again so I can pick up a dozen or so bagels.Absolutely delicious bagels.  Crispity crunchity on the outside, soft and chewy in the middle, hot and fresh.  There is just nothing about these rings of doughy heaven not to love!  Their cream cheese selection is terrific (the berry was shockingly good), and I cannot wait to get back and try a fresh breakfast sandwich.  So delicious, and the line moves quickly enough not to drive you crazy!  
Worth driving all the way across town for... but wow would I kill to have this place in Northern Liberties.
I also happen to love the accordion player sitting outside, but I am betting that if I lived upstairs the novelty of that would wear off quickly!That was not a bagel. That was a lovely wood burning oven baked circular loaf of bread. But not a bagel. Sorry.You will not find bagels this fresh and tasty anywhere in the city, trust me I've tried. The wood fire oven cooking gives the bagels a great texture, andthe bagels aren't like cardboard, so the outcome is one hell of a bagel.
Breakfast sandwiches come with thick bacon- not the cheap stuff you get from the likes of a Manhattan bagel or chain place. Only down side is you have to get here early, like earlier than 9 or else you can expect to wait in line and then wait some more for your bagel.Love the Classic. Nice thick locks, fresh onions! The OJ is fresh squeezed. Awesome brunch too! The line goes out the door! Super popular. So good!I've had Spread twice now -- once catered but cold (not their fault, we just ordered early) for a breakfast event for an organization I'm part of, and again in store. Both times were great -- the bagels were so soft, fresh, and fluffy! Probably the best bagels I've ever had! but not that much more remarkable than Bruegger's or anything else.
The time I went in, I didn't have an issue at all with the service, as they were quick and actually gave us more bagel than we had asked for! I also like that it's set up as a coffee shop so there's seating.My first experience with Montreal style bagels and it was a pretty good one. I loved the wood fired taste of the bagel. While I didn't think the texture was as good as some of the others I have had, the taste was great. It was a little to hard on its exterior, and that permeated throughout the whole whole bagel, never really getting that chewy texture that you look for in a good bagel. The prices were ok, not great, but not so much that I wouldn't return. 
The sandwich itself was pretty spot on though. The sesame bagel was on point and it had a delicious filling of ham, egg whites, cheese, onions, and spinach that all came together rather nicely. 
Overall it was pretty good, not the best, but a really different take on the bagel and bagel sandwich for that matter. I loved the wood fired taste of the bagel though. That was a nice change of pace from the traditional oven baked flavor. Ill definitely go back to check it out a bit more.Consistently good coffee and bagels.breakfast sandwich to split.  While in Philadelphia,  it's best to have lots of small portions so you can try all the great eateries in town...and don't forget the watering holes!
Wood fired ovens bake great thigs all around.Cannot say enough positive things about this place.  The regular lines out the door attest to the food quality.  The bagels are Montreal style and superb!  I have been multiple times and cannot help but order the classic breakfast sandwich every time- one of the best you will eat.  The sandwich has a good portion of eggs and meat of your choice so you are full after it.  I do need to force myself to try some of the other menus items as I am sure they are also stellar. They serve delicious coffee.
There is an option for BYOV for blood Mary's that I need to try in the future.  Seating inside is quaint, but a little tight.  Really this is a perk- why sit inside when you can enjoy the side walk seating or take a short stroll and enjoy your breakfast in Rittenhouse Square!Yes the prices are a bit high, but unlike many previous reviewers, I have the ability to read, so I read the menu and knew that before i ordered.  The food is very good, the staff is among the most friendly in philly, and the renovation looks great.  The very long weekend lines highlight two points: 1. the place is good 2. There's a big lack of places like it in the neighborhood. A great addition to rittenhouse west.
- also an expat New YorkerI've waited in some decent lines for bagels (H&H, Murray's, Tal) on Saturday mornings, but never have I waited SO long for a mediocre bagel - 30 mins. I partly think the long line is due to the lack of supply of bagels in this town, but perhaps it was because there was only one person preparing all the orders (aggressive). 
HOWEVER, there is a bright spot for Spread. I anticipate the line will be significantly shorter once Chestnut Street Philly Bagels opens in a few months.   
As for the bagel itself, yawn. Small, not crispy, not-so-montreal.Whole wheat everything?! The bagel gods have answered my prayers.
My go-to is the frittata scramble sammy on a whole wheat everything bagel. Eggs, chedda, bacon, tomato and amish jam~ salty and sweet for the win. I always order a side of plain cream cheese and reserve half of the bagel for dipping purposes. Best of both worlds. This sandwich is amazeballs BUT the bacon is never as satisfyingly crispy as I hope, even when I've requested this specifically. Oh well, still delish. 
They also do these fun half-bagel melts for a couple bucks. I've had the french toast melt and the gruyere/tomato melt. All da yumz.
These are by no means the cheapest bagels to be found in the city, but they are damn good. Lil babe of a place so it does get kinda crazy crowded. For this reason, I prefer to call ahead and take my sammy to go.Not worth the wait. The bagels definitely needed some salt. They didn't live up to the hype of this place. You can get better bagels at another local shop.This place is legitimately disgusting. The service is ridiculously slow, everything tastes like it was just slopped together with no care or even an attempt at making it nice, it's just plain bad.  This isn't busy weekend commentary, this is after a 15 minute wait on a slow Wednesday morning.
PS to whomever writes your menu - do you actually know what a fritatta is? Don't call something a fritatta scramble when you actually just mean a fried egg like every other option on your menu. Fried eggs are fine, but call them what they actually are...I think the people who work here are on sedatives. They couldn't move slower if they tried. Bagels are still good, but it's painful to wait 10 minutes for a bagel with some cream cheese.Everything in this place is so delicious! Went on a busy Saturday morning and waited in line for about 20ish minutes, but it was definitely worth the wait.Now I know why this place has a line out the door on the weekend.  Never had Montreal style bagels - they are wood fired so they have a smokey flavor and are a bit drier than their cousins.  I had the Ferrara scrambled with Amish jam.  Yumb!  lacolumbe coffee too.  It is piping hot.
Lunch menu looks great.  Very friendly staff and they will make any type of breakfast sandwich to order.  The waitress/cashier was very friendly and helpful.  Great attention to detail such as smoked rather than regular cheddar and Amish grape jelly jam which was sweet but had a delicate flavor.  The tomato on my sandwich was very flavorful and cut fresh.  Clearly the best bagel I have had in Philly so far.  The decor is fun and relaxed.   Everything including the counter staff is a little funky in a good way.  I love the skateboard on the wall that says "Jews kick ass!" 
Plenty of indoor and outdoor seating during the weekdays.  Clearly not enough for the weekends but this place is worth it whether you are standing up or sitting down.  Will definitely return.  You get a lot of food, so come hungry.  A little expensive, but you are next to Rittenhouse Square.  This is definitely worth a stop if you are near Rittenhouse.I love this place. They have great bagel spreads and real close to Rittenhouse square. The bagels are delicious and worth the sometimes longer than wanted wait. 
The coffee is just okay, nothing to brag about but it's not bad (La Colombe).
The atmosphere is cool, if you have a small party and are able to find a table.I tried the bagels from Spread on my way home from Philly, and I don't see what's so great about their bagels. It just tasted like a regular run-of-the-mill bagel to me, not particular awesome or memorable, but definitely overpriced.
Also, the orange juice here tasted a bit from concentrate-y rather than fresh squeezed.One of the best bagels in Philadelphia. However, in reality, the "Best bagel in Philadelphia" is still not that great compared to its New York rivals. All in all, it is the best 'begel' I have found in my 7 years living here so I will be back.The titular ingredient seemed to be lacking. Spread??? More like spread thin!! Came for a bagel and cream cheese; got a bagel and a drop of cream cheese.Love this place. Their bagel sandwiches are . Montreal style. They boil right there and cook in a wood fired oven. 
They have a smoked salmon spread that is cream cheese with chunks of lox in it. 
I'm partial to the sesame bagel with egg, spinach, and tomato. My roommate's go to is whole wheat everything with the salmon spread. Both are great.  The grilled veggies spread is creamy and flavorful. 
The cooks are very efficient and damn, do they flip a good egg. 
All you can drink coffee if you eat in.
Long line on weekends but they move quickly. They also accept credit cards.Had an everything bagel with egg and tomato. Delicious. The bagel was slightly crispy on the outside, soft and perfect on the inside. They know bagels here!This is missing that distinctive outer crust of a good New York bagel (guess life's softer in Montreal!), and overall it struck me as undistinguished except for the hype surrounding it. But my real problem with it is price: $3.24 for a bagel and butter? Seriously? Let's keep things in perspective: It's a small chunk of bread and 2 1/2 tbsp of grease. Not worth it at half the price, so taking a pass in future.$6 for a bagel and unlimited self-serve coffee. Montreal-style bagels: crunchy outside and warm soft inside. La Colombe coffee, though it tastes a bit watered down compared to the source.Love this place! Great morning breakfast spot. Yes, there is usually a line but worth the wait and I've never had a problem with seating. I love the fritatta scramble w/ tomato and amish jam - a nice unique breakfast sandwich.I ordered a half dozen whole wheat to go about a month ago. 
Came home and toasted one of wheat bagel and about after 3 bites, chewed on something strange... Spit it out and it was a cardboard piece! Really?? 
I called them as this was alarming and informed them what happened.
The woman/ lady who answered said first, that they never had this happened and later told me they will give me a free bagle if I come and inform them about it when I come back next time.
No thanks! No more cardboard bagel! 
I ate a lot of bagels in my life but this was first.Food is OK. Service awful. They forget who is in line, they let people skip. They see a line yet 3 ppl cannot take more than one persons order. Inefficient. Will never come back.I have wanted to try this place for a long time.  I made it there today and even though the wait is annoying, it is part of the charm.   I have been thinking about the bagel and whitefish salad I had.  The whitefish was very good, but the bagel was just fair.  I am not sure why the bagel was not a winner for me.  It was good, but the pop up bagel shop in my neighborhood has much better bagels.  Also, the iced coffee was so weak from the melting ice it was lousy.  I am not sure I will come back here.Well, after a few weeks of continuous patronage, despire my previous review, I am happy to report improvement at Spread.  Still some bumps in the road, but overall a great neighborhood place.  Everyone is friendlier and things happen at a speed I can deal with.Love this place for breakfast.  Coffee couldnt be better and the bagels are chewy and have great flavor.This is one of my favorite bagel places in Philly. The wood-oven, Montreal style bagels are flavored so well with the smokey flavor of the wood used to cook them. The entire restaurant has a great smokey smell from the wood-fired oven that's located at the front. They even have bundles of wood stacked up by the oven. The bagels are delicious and are the typical types you'd expect like poppyseed, everything, sesame, cinnamon raisin, garlic, etc. They have a big variety of sandwiches both for breakfast and lunch, I always get The Standard which is your choice of meat with egg/egg whites and cheese on your choice of bagel for around $7.50. It's a big sandwich and all delicious. They have a great selection of coffees too. There is quaint window seating at the front of the store and additional seating in the back.Uh. The first time I got a bagel here, it was SO difficult to get a bite. I thought that I bad luck and was given a stale bagel.  I gave the place a second change but again it was stale.  I guess that's what a Montreal bagel tastes like?? I'm from NYC so I guess my bagel standards are high but still...stale is stale.Egg white sandwich on an everything bagel. Tastes delicious. Amish butter and jam spread on a sesame bagel was like yummy dessert! Steady line out the door from 9-1045 but they move you through quickly. The cashier means well but didn't hold it together so great.. Loud and every customer didn't talk loud enough and she'd have to say to each person, I can't hear a thing you said. (Speaking in same volume as the customer) lol so maybe people would talk louder for her if she had started the conversation in that volume. But all around delicious bagels and nice area. They have la Columbe coffee and make flavor lattes. Great spot. Glad I stopped by.Philadelphia has needed a non-chain bagel place for years.  I've said it myself and thought of how I could open one.  I'm so glad you are here! Welcome!
Excellent bagel, great menu selection, a little pricey.  
Tip: Get your bagels in the morning - the times I've been there later in the day (3pm) the bagel freshness doesn't seem to last as well as it should.Amazing bagel sandwiches and coffee ! Worth the wait! We had the frittata scramble and the standard.Here opening day as well. Was looking forward to this opening for months, only to be disappointed. Don't get me wrong - I think the "Montreal-style" sesame bagel may have been one of the best bagels I've ever had - just as those in the know of Montreal bagels have suggested - good flavor, great texture, small, and just somehow better than the traditional NY bagel. 
BUT - Prices are OUTRAGEOUS. Woman ringing me up said $7 something, and I said, no that's not right, I just got a bagel and a coffee, and she said nope - that's right - $2 for a bagel, $3 ADDITIONAL for the butter/jam, and $2 for the coffee + tax. So truly over $7 for a bagel + coffee. With cream-cheese, would have been a dollar or two more!
Breakfast sandwiches are $8 (each, not for a pair). Whitefish and other "lunch" sandwiches are $11-$13.
So - crazy prices overall, and sadly, after waiting for months, I'm not in a position to frequent a place for a $7 bagel + coffee.
Finally (and this may just be opening day issues) - but the counter person (possibly wife of owner? or other family member) - was just not getting it -- looking back at the menu to check prices on each order she rung up (creating a line out the door) + also a little bit rude. This I'll cough up to opening day jitters (you'd hope on opening day, people would be friendly than usual, but not in this case). The guy making the bagels (owner), did seem friendly and overworked -- hopefully he'll be the front-man in the future.
In any case - great bagel, crazy prices. Rating reflects food, service, and in this case - the disappointingly and ridiculously expensive prices.Great bagels,  but the website says open til 6pm on Sundays.  The Door was locked and phone unanswered at 4:10. But... 'I'll be back'I stopped by Spread on Sunday while running errands and was somewhat under whelmed. It was definitely the wrong time to try the place as the line was out the door but I was craving a bagel so I waited. The line did move quickly which was nice. I also picked up a magazine to leaf through from their full rack  where the line was. 
I ordered an everything bagel with scallion cream cheese, tomato and onion. At $5 it was far from a steal. I also got a bottomless coffee. Perhaps it is because it was so busy but my sandwich did not come with the onion on it, which it took me a while to realize, so I guess that is my bad. I found the bagel hard to eat and thought the cream cheese was not at all flavor full. 
I was able to find a small open table next to the bathroom to sit down and relax while I waited for my bagel to be brought.  As I was leaving I realized I was at the only table that didn't have condiments on it. Perhaps some salt and pepper and hot sauce would have made my lunch more enjoyable but I much prefer the bagels I by at the co-op and make at home.
The coffee however, was great, especially since they offer simple syrup and soy milk.Lines out the door shows the demand. Montreal Style bagels are boiled then finished in a brick oven. Gives them a denser quality. 
Fantastic combos like the current special: Roasted Chicken Cheesesteak w/ spinach, truffled mushroom, grilled onions and provolone. Wow!The bagels are really good here if you like Montreal style bagels. That said, I'm not a big fan of the other food here. The smoked salmon was not all that good but the pastrami was decent.Lines for ordering and picking up our confusing. Young and inpatient attendants make it an unpleasant experience.This is my second time to Spread Bagelry and I already know it won't be my last. Every time I've walked by, there has been a line out the door and I can definitely see why. (Don't worry, the line moves quickly although I would estimate it's at least 15-20 min before you get your order.)
They make all the bagels right there in the restaurant and it's so fascinating to watch while you're waiting for your food. I got The Standard, which comes with your choice of bacon, turkey bacon, or sausage; egg or egg white; and cheese on any one of their bagels. Unf, it's delicious. The cheese is perfectly melted and I practically inhaled the whole thing. 
I will say it is pricey but you can't beat the freshness of the bagel or the taste. I recommend coming on a warm day and either sitting outside at one of their tables or taking it to-go to people watch at Rittenhouse Square!