Told the delivery man my order wasn't correct. I was missing two things. Called and asked them to send the delivery man back with the rest of my order and the guy on the phone was rude loud and he said he not coming back that way. So I'm out of food and money.Meh. The best way to describe this place. Not amazing, not terrible. Just meh.
The food is your typical greasy and cholesterol/heart-attack inducing Chinese food available around the corner of the block. That isn't to say it is bad - it's just the Americanized (and nothing compared to the real stuff) Chinese food.
The vegetarian options are plenty, although vegetarians should be wary of anything fried - the fryers are the same whether they are frying chicken, pork, beef, or your vegetables.
The upside is that the food is quite cheap, and for a location close to several college campuses, I'm sure they're doing quite well. 
Just watch your back when you're in the area; streets in the high 30's through low 40's in the Lancaster/Powelton Area can get a bit seedy in the evenings and night.Ordered and after an hour and a half called to see why the food had not arrived. They said the driver was on his way. After another half hour I called again and they said "they didn't get my order". Then proceeded to repeat my order and say it will be out in "a minute". Inconsistent service for mediocre Chinese food.Decided to try them on Grubhub since we were in the mood for cheap Chinese. Order came on time. 
While not bad, the food felt overwhelmed by veggies. My fiance's chow mein was literally a mound of  onions with bits of shredded pork here and there. 
When we called back to exchange it, they couldn't find our order and hung up on me when I went to search for the  receipt or at least look it up. They questioned me like I was in the wrong,too. At that point we just sucked it up. The rest of the food (rice, egg roll, good but only mild beef in garlic sauce) was fine by Americanized Chinese standards and I could pick out broccoli. We were hungry.
They also skimped on sauce and didn't even give fortune cookies. It was only $15 with tip,but, still.. poor customer service.
In passing, perhaps.  But ,I'll stick to other places for now.Good food but when they are busy they take forever and if u call and complain they say the food is on it's way. Took and additional hour after that! Food was cold and the customer service was horrible needless to say I stopped ordering from here.This take out Chinese restaurant is same with all the other Chinese take out restaurants.  I always order the Seafood Soup and Two Shrimp Egg Rolls.  I didn't like their dumpings cuz the skin is too thick and not my style.  I haven't tried their General Tso's or Sesame but I am sure that those dishes must be good cuz those dishes are the staple of American Chinese take out restaurants.  Cheap prices.  Why not?  Oh yeah, they don't accept card.  Wack.Terrible customer service! Waiting 1:30 minutes and 3 calls. Rude guy answering the phone.I've only ordered from here twice thus far, and went to pick it up.  The first time, I ordered the sesame vegetarian "chicken;" the second, the General Tso's "chicken."  I always love finding places where they have mock meats instead of just tofu.  I really enjoyed both dishes, and they steam their broccoli to a good consistency.  All in all, it's not exceptional food, but the fact that they have a mock meat selection sold me.Typical Chinese fast food.  Not too pricey, and the dumplings and stir fry are good.  Wonton soup is sometimes ok, sometimes way too salty.
They have tables and chairs, but nobody actually uses them except to wait for their take-out.  Most of the time I go for delivery, which is good and generally arrives on time.Mehhh...not horrible...but not good either.
We live near here, less than 5 blocks away.  But, we rarely go.  The food just isn't compelling enough to beckon you to come back.  I'd much rather drive the 10 minutes to go to Danny's Wok, or go to Shangri-La.  But, I didn't want to pay cash, I didn't want to spend a lot of money on dinner, and I really was too tired to go anywhere else, so Spring is where I went.
Don't get your hopes up.  They'll never be a place that lives up to your expectations.  But, if your lazy, really don't want to put out any effort...this place will give you a modicum of sustenance.Consistency is key whenever I am making dining decisions. If I'm hungry and my recollection is that some times your food is good and sometimes it's not, then you won't become a go to spot for me. This is a go to spot. My favorite dish is vegetable mei fan and it is always delicious. It's definitely a grab and go so you're not coming here for ambiance. But it's cheap and relatively fast (I always call and pick up) and my order is always hot and waiting for me.FYI: They'll throw in a free spring roll if you order more than $15 on grubhub. They also have a $8 delivery minimum.
What can I say? I was in the mood for some really jank Chinese food.
WHAT I GOT: Chicken fried rice and crab rangoon
PROS: Well, I'm gonna be honest and say that the best part about this was the price. Both items added together was only $12ish and that was including tax and tip. The crab rangoon was like $4 for 10 of them and your average sized, typical Chinese takeout container was filled all the way to the top with the fried rice. The taste actually wasn't terrible either. Basically what you would expect from Americanized Chinese food.
CONS: You get what you paid for I guess. The skin to the crab rangoons were less than crispy. They were kind of on the flaccid side. Not much filling to them either but it was ok. I'm also kinda scared that the chicken in the fried rice wasn't cooked all the way so I might feel the pain later.Ordered from here last night.. took an hour to come which was expected because there were 5 of us ordering. I ordered kung pao chicken. I got all of 4 pieces of chicken but a shit load of vegetables... that was kind of disappointing. The sauce itself was really goodSpring Chinese has the best Hot and Sour soup. Seriously love this place.This is my favorite Chinese takeout during my time at school...I still try to drive by once in a while... but its a lil scary at that corner.. I love their selection of mock-items, as in vegetarian choices...the Mock General Tso's Chicken is sooo delicious... I've tried ordering this at other places but they can't seem to get it right... an order of Mock General Tso' Chicken is pretty large and can be shared with 3-4 others...yummy!!I only order from here when i forget how bad they are. the wontons are way to doughy and salty. everyonce in awhile i try and give them another chance...then i remember why i get things delivered instead of walking half a  block to pick it upWon't order from here again. Plenty of options for Chinese take out that's better and actually know how to greet their customers properly.We ordered regularly from this place (once a month) and never been disappointed.
Everything we had tried is good.
My favorite is shrimp Hunan style,it comes with a lot of veggies and white rice.Yup. Just ordered from here, hoping that the hot and sour soup lived up to the 5 star review... I got Szechuan Chicken, Boneless Pork BBQ App, and Hot and Sour soup. Sadly it was all disappointing. Typical Americanized Chinese food, overly sauced, not spicy at all, and slightly bland. I was really disappointed by the Hot and Sour soup as it lived up to the other reviewer's comment 'Neither hot or sour'.
I"ll probably order from here again as it wasn't TERRIBLE, but it wasn't wonderful either. Maybe I'll ask whomever takes my order for their favorite dish.Ordered orange chicken through Grubhub because I was craving it. Delicious, a large portion and came promptly. Exactly what I want from an inexpensive Chinese place.If you are a college kid you gotta give this place 5 stars. First of all it is really cheap. The food is more than enough for one meal especially if you get the lunch specials or the combination dishes. I usually order pick up on grubhub. By the time i walk there from my dorm (less than 10 min) the food is ready, fresh and hot. It is always up to my satisfaction.
Oh also try random stuff, probably wont be disappointed.I have gotten takeout a few times, it's near my son's daycare. Delicious. Dumplings are huge, plentiful & tasty. Egg foo young is addictive. Good prices. Nicest takeout environment I have seen. (U can dine-In also). I don't understand mediocre reviews...yummy & cheap.NEVER AGAIN.  The guy at the counter took my order. Then he went to the bathroom, came out walked into the kitchen, blew his nose or sneezed into his hands and walked to the grill and started cooking. The food order went into the garbage immediately.Well-prepared Chinese American food. Generous portions, good prices. Seems like they get a lot of bad reviews for delivery, especially through Grub Hub. I strongly recommend either calling the restaurant directly with your order, or ordering through their site, and picking it up. We did Grub Hub delivery once and it took quite awhile. No wait for pickup and it's always hot.  Spring is a great go-to takeout place- give them a chance.food is ok. it satisfies the craving for chinese cuisine and the price is unbeatable. This place is a block away from my job so on the days i cant leave the office for even a second, i order in. My only issue with the service ...i ordered for delivery and the drver called me and told me he was on the corner and to come get it.  when i told him i couldnt leave the office, he gave me an attitude and told me he would come to the door.......which is still far enough from my office to where i couldnt even go. I paid the fee for delivery! I'm not coming to get it....a few more feet and i would have been able to just order for pick up!I DON'T CARE THAT YOU DON'T HAVE FORTUNE COOKIES, I LOVE YOU THE MOST.
Super cheap, delivery, and I always have equal-sized leftovers for the next day if I just get a pint of soup and the dumplings. If you crave spice, they can give you spicy- we recommend the spicy garlic wontons, extra spicy, for the daring.
Imma try your vegetarian real soon, Spring.Please do not order from this place. Not only is it a crappy little place on Lancaster ave but in the last few months they do everything they can to make you order more food in order to use your card.. Also they no longer give you menus but when you ask for one they charge you for it. 
They are totally outta control.Don't come to this place, they put cash tax in their own packet not to the government and they gave people some else's food to others because the food is trash. I had ordered few times in this place the worst Chinese food I ever eat, general tso chicken not even spicy too sweet, the fried rice is disgusting, the broccoli with beef taste not authentic. We pay, we eat, we should get the food we deserve. There are so many take out restaurants nearby. Not just this one with bad food bad service and bad attitude.Ok, i'm on my second order from this place. I'm in love with the fried scallops, can you say " delish" !They're okay if you're in the mood for some typical Americanized Chinese food. The food is actually pretty good, but expect an attitude if you use their delivery service. 
They gave me a completely wrong order, and then treated me as if I did something wrong (and never corrected their mistake). They really need someone else to take orders via phone. I either just go pick it up, or order a pizza because the attitudes they give is scary when someone is cooking your food, ya know?It is a typical chinese restaurant. The food is good. I recommend general tso's chicken, shrimp with garlic sauce and hot and sour soup. U must try shrimp with garlic sauce, it will surprise you.The order was ready fast and the food was great, I got the chicken lo mein combo which came with more than enough food. Their prices are really good too. Its also nice to see that they're still taking social distancing seriously!Haven't Ordered From Springs In Quite Some Time & I Must Say My Food Came Sooner Than The Time I Was Given For Delivery,My Food Was Fresh,Hot & Good.. Oh My Egg Roll Was A Lil Over Cooked But It's Cool.. Anyways Yea I Would Order From Them Again.Ugh. This is not a place where you can just pick something that sounds good off the menu without knowing exactly what it is. Avoid the Szechuan-style noodles at all costs. But it sounds like it could be good, right? Well apparently it's a terrible lo mein with more onions and cabbage than noodles in a gross goopy brown sauce. There wasn't much noodle going on, let alone anything even remotely Szechuan. I'm by no means a picky eater, and I found them completely inedible. I never ever throw away food, so this must not constitute as food. 
Even the fries were bad. Who messes up French fries? Spring Chinese Restaurant does. They were hard, dry, and stale tasting. Really? You could buy frozen fries at the grocery store and they'd come out much better than these. At least these were still edible though. 
The hot and sour soup was decent. Not necessarily good, but passable. The pork fried rice was bland, but also passable. The half a fried chicken was also okay. Delivery took over 20 minutes longer than they said it would, making it a whole hour and twenty minute wait for this miserable meal. They should be ashamed at how bad their food is, even for American takeout Chinese, for which the bar is set pretty low in the first place. I'm giving them two stars only because the food didn't make me horrendously ill (so far), and it would be (mostly) edible in case of a nuclear holocaust. In fact, the good news is that it might even survive a nuclear holocaust.
Evergreen, I'll never stray from you again. Hell, this place even makes China Inn look tasty.Spring Chinese is my ride or die when it comes to ordering chinese food. I am a vegetarian and I stand by their mock Sesame Chicken (it's wheat gluten). The veggie dumplings are amazing and I do dabble in the fried rice/lo mein whenever I order. I usually make a huge order so I can live off chinese for the weekend. I highly recommend ordering an extra side of broccoli cause there is a ton of sauce on the fake chicken and the broccoli makes you feel a little healthier (not much tbh). I gave 4 stars because honestly, it just doesn't feel right giving such a divey place 5 stars. Plus delivery can be slow sometimes. Definitely order off grubhub because there are some coupons on there - with my boyfriend and I ordering we can usually get free pork dumplings. This is the only Chinese place I consistently used at my 5 years at Drexel and even still go back to now that I live in Northern Liberties.This place is my go to whenever I'm working near the area. Ordered here plenty of times and haven't been let down plus there ice tea is pretty rad!I love Chinese and I have to admit that I'm not very picky about it.  I don't know if I've ever met a General Tso's chicken that I didn't love.  We ordered Generals, Orange chicken, sweet and sour chicken and some lo-mein (I didn't try the lo-mein so I can't speak to that...)  All of the chickens had really great flavor and large portions.  Prices were very reasonable and it was extremely quick delivery.  If the chicken had been slightly crispier I would have gone with 5 stars but other than that everything was fantastic.  Oh except that they forgot our fortune cookies.  Apparently I have no future.  Bummer.We weren't home and pre-ordered food we wanted delivered 30 minutes after we returned home. Clearly no one read that as the food arrived 5 minutes after our return. The chicken with broccoli was okay but I wanted it spicy and it wasn't in my opinion. Palatable though. Same with the fried pork rolls though they steamed in the container and were not crispy at all. My friend ordered shrimp with garlic sauce and said it was good. Same with the spicy chicken wings though we apparently needed to specify extra spicy with all of the above. 
The cheesesteak egg rolls are another story. I have no idea what was contained within but it did not resemble beef in any way - especially taste. Just plain dreadful! And for an unknown reason my friend ordered French fries and they were soggy and stale at the same time. Food was mid-grade at best. Won't rush to order from them again.I rarely order delivery, but when I do it's always Spring.  Their portions are extremely generous, and their garlic sauce rocks.  I recommend the spare ribs, roast pork, diet chicken and broccoli, and tofu and veggie soup.  The only thing I've ordered and haven't liked is the hot and sour soup- it's neither hot nor sour.I've never picked up a beef lo mein pint and had to stop eating because there was too much meat, but that's what really stood out to me about this place! The noodles were good, with onions and veg all fresh and perfect, but also, the beef was perfectly cooked, flavored, and not chewy or stringy as you might find at other places with a cheap beef lo mein. The shrimp egg roll was also super fresh and light, and tasted great with the mustard and du k sauce provided. Will be trying this place again soon!Had delivery through DoorDash. The entrees were okay, standard Chinese food, nothing bad but nothing super. The egg rolls were a bit on the dry side. We also ordered Crab Rangoon, as this is a favorite for us. The Rangoon was more than a little disappointing. There was very little filling, and rather than the normal thin crispy shell, this was a thick doughy shell that was very off-putting. Perhaps it would have been better as dine-in, but I can't imagine those Rangoon being good in any setting.It's exactly what you want from a neighborhood corner joint. Cheap, fresh & delicious. Big portions too. We need more places like this & less places that want $15 for fried rice.Hands down the best conventional American style Chinese in the city. Prompt delivery, every menu item is delectable and of high quality.This was one of my favorite fast food spots before the pandemic. I lived in this neighborhood for a few years and although I moved a good 20 minutes away, I still travel to this location instead of going to one closer. That's all good the food is. The crab rangoons are my favorites of anywhere I've eaten them. Service is still as fast as ever and the quality of food hasn't changed a bit.The food was really good, exactly what you're looking for in a neighborhood food spot! We got our food near close and the portion sizes were beyond generous, and we were not complaining! This will be a go to spot for cravings. I had the shrimp lo mein which was fire along with spring rolls and wonton soup, also all fire. Highly recommend.Your regular corner Chinese spot. It's my go-to when I have those "after dinner time" Chinese food cravings. Nothing too great also nothing too shabby. Inexpensive. Edible. Convenient.Not like a 5 star in my opinion, but for a Chinese restaurant in the U City/ West Philly area it's pretty darn good. I can't say the food is over the top as other stores I've had in Philly but it's definitely good. They take credit cards too so that's a plus!! But they do charge tax**You're cheap, you're a block away, you satisfy my chinese fix. You have coupons, and sweet tea. You have to staple your wonton container shut because it's so packed. I watch you prepare meals upon order. I love your dumprings.
BUT WHERE ARE YOUR FORTUNE COOKIES.When I first looked at the place, I was hesitated whether going in or not. The front looks dirty and small. But at the end, I went in and I was a little surprised at the variety of their dishes. I recommend their fried rice, mushrooms with chicken and shrimp with vegetables; I don't recommend egg foo young(too greasy) and dumplings( the meat inside is not good).We were craving Chinese food with easy parking, so went to Spring. They do have their COVID system down pat - they use a door pass-through box for both payment and passing the food. We ordered the crab rangoons, orange beef, and sweet & sour chicken. I really wanted the sweet and sour pork, but they ran out of pork. 
To start - the rangoons, while cheap at 10 for $5 were not the slightest bit crisp. The dough was thick and chewy, so that combined with having to do take out, it wasn't the best. The sauce they come with is very good though.
The sweet and sour chicken with fried rice was very greasy - and the pieces of chicken were small within the fried batter. 
The orange beef was pretty good, but a bit of an odd texture.On two different occasions I have ordered from them and have had to wait more than an hour (a hour & a half actually) for delievery. Mind you I live 3 blocks away. When I called to complain.. They gonna tell me that they are very busy. They magically came to deliever in 10 min later. 
This place has gone down over the last year.I had a great experience at Spring Chinese Restaurant. Unique place. Pretty much every thing that we purchased was extremely fresh and flavorful. Staff is very courteous and will help you with everything. Spring Chinese Restaurant, so glad they're in town.This is my go-to place for Chinese takeout. I really appreciate their meat-substitute selection and love the mock sesame chicken! We order from here 1-2x per week and have never had any mix ups or delays. I usually get a vegetable soup and either kung pao tofu or szechuan bean curd. My meat eating friends confirm the "normal" menu items are equally good, we love this place.the food here tastes pretty good! I've had the sesame chicken before and that's good. Kinda disappointed with my most recent experience here though because my kung pao chicken literally had 4 bites of chicken in it and the rest was all the veggies. Maybe it was just because I came in on the later end of dinner time? I usually can make a container that size last for 2 full meals but not when there's only 4 tiny pieces of chicken in the entire thing.For what it is, it's perfect. A corner fast food Chinese spot in a college town. Perfect go - to place for cheap and mostly tasty Chinese food. Is it the best food ever? No, but is it cheap and fast? YEP. 
I LOVED their steamed shrimp and scallops with garlic sauce - it had just enough of a kick to it without being spicy. I highly recommend their house lo mein that comes with minimal veges, but a lot of shrimp, chicken and pork. 
I highly do NOT recommend their wonton soup.
And they deliver!Don't take the 4 stars as an endorsement for quality Chinese food, it's just consistently average, very cheap and the service is good.  
When my wife and I move, we frequently try to find our go-to comfort Chinese food and this ended up being it.  Everything is as advertised and the price can't be beat by other places.  We can and do come back when we need our cheap Chinese fix.
Our typical order is two combos (one sesame when general tso's) - the chicken was a little crispy, but a little soggy.  The rice was normal fried rice.  The egg rolls were decent.  
we also got some crab rangoons that were as expected.  
This is pretty standard faire, but it does the trick.  Again, very inexpensive and the best bang for your buck cheap Chinese in Powelton/U City/West PhillyI've only ordered take out/delivery from Spring Chinese Restaurant twice, but from what I can tell it's a pretty solid spot. 
The first time, I ordered the shrimp fried rice and chicken wings and the Kung Po Triple Crown. The shrimp fried rice and wings were amazing! I legit could not get enough of it even as I was eating it. Even thinking about it now, I just might order it again today. I asked for it to be spicy because I really like spicy food. It wasn't as spicy as I wanted (I have a ridiculous spice tolerance so it was probably okay for most people) so I added some of my own pepper myself. The Kung Po Triple Crown was okay. Also had to make adjustment to it with my pepper and I wish there was a lot more protein in it. I definitely enjoyed the shrimp fried rice more, hence why I stuck to that the second time I ordered from them. 
The portion sizes are also incredibly generous. With those two meals, I was able to eat lunch and dinner for like 2-3 days. Probably would have lasted even longer if I hadn't overstuffed myself the first day with the shrimp fried rice and wings. 
For the price and the portion size (and delicious food), I'll definitely be ordering from them again.Not good. Ordered sesame chicken made with white meat. My chicken was so breaded that at first I couldn't tell if there was actually meat in it. Taste was lackluster at best. Got cold quickly. Also, ordered a small and my thumb was bigger than the carton of white rice they gave me. Don't waste your time on this placeFor what this place is, which s a hole in the wall, its pretty good.  I've always had take out which is normally very quick and but still always seems fresh.  They've got a great lunch special and everything else is pretty cheap too.  But you do have to pay for fortune cookies.My Food Seems To Be Delivered On Time & Hot But TOUGH & OVER COOKED!! Annoyed 
Gonna chill off of Springs for a while.