Finally a decent challenger to Nomad with respect to Naples-style pizza, meaning thin crust, fresh ingredients, San Marzano tomatoes, and wood fired oven. We had the buffalo mozzarella and the cauliflower pizzas. Both were terrific. The interior is very welcoming as well.I hate to throw this place under the bus because it's in my hood and a very nice space.  Really the reviews a 2 plus or 3 minus.  It's on a busy corner and centrally located but sadly it's pulling up a bit short where it counts: The Pizza!  I gave it a second go several months after a lackluster first attempt but unfortunately nothing changed.  The devil is in the dough details; it's 'doughy', soupy in the middle and lacking that delicious flavor of a great recipe perfected over the heat of a great oven like they have right there in the kitchen.  I'll check back periodically for changes in the feedback but for now, if I need a pizza fix a slice down the street (if you get it before it sits all day) will fill the void or just Caviar -it from Bufado.  Please fix the recipe, you have so much potential and we (the neighborhood) would gladly support you!Quick Review- The tastiest! Warm, quiet, home feel. A wonderful atmosphere with even better food. Limited seating but never had to wait regardless of the day. Addicted to the pizza with so many options! Perfect date spot. 
In Depth Review
OVERALL- Spuntino located in Northern Liberties is a great brick oven pizzeria. BYO. Take out possible. There are so many pizza options (at least 20) at such a great price. Have never been disappointed. Great atmosphere. Most recently, went here with my girlfriend on a Friday night @8pm.
ATMOSPHERE- The main area is somewhat small but they make the most of the space. In the summer there is outdoor seating. Dim lighting with quiet music. Not loud even though the tables are close together. Tables are placed right beside the front entrance so there is a bit of a draft. Restrooms are well kept. Because of the brick oven the pizza takes longer than one would want to prepare but it is worth it. Perfect for a first date. Also perfect for date number 5, 75 and 495. 
PRICE- Can't beat it! Each pizza is anywhere from $11-15. The appetizers are a little less than $10 but I recommend sticking to the pizza. Special pizza is offered everyday but it is not cheaper than the other pizzas. So overall no actual specials like a happy hour or anything. Check was $27 for two oversized individual pizzas before tip.
DRINKS- Alcoholic drinks, non-alcoholic drinks, water, juices, soda, milk, smoothies, tea, coffee, eggnog, slushies, pumpkin spice lattes and Gatorade. They have it all! Of course it's a BYO restaurant so I should say "they allow it all" and not "they have it all." 
FOOD- This is the best brick oven pizza I have ever had. Each of the 20ish pizzas have their own appeal. The portion sizes are great. One pizza is not enough for two people but two pizzas may be too much (which is never a problem with pizza). I recommend the classics, margarita and pepperoni but my favorite of the lot is the carbonara. Definitely ask about the special. It's always a pizza that isn't on the menu but has always been impressive. I love this place so much I am determined to try them all. 
Spuntino, you've stolen a pizza my heart!I'm a lover of almost any sort of pizza. Bougie, delivery, frozen, or homemade, I love it all. However, the magic that happens when you throw a wood fire oven in the mix is nigh unintimable. A slightly charred crust that deftly walks that elusive line between crispy and chewy is high on my list of favorite things to eat. As such, I came into Spuntino with high expectations.
The interior of the restaraunt is modern and clean, all sharp lines and hard surfaces. It feels nice, but still casual and very approachable. The kind of place where customers can be comfortable in everything from suits to yoga outfits. There is a variety of seating, including a bar that looks into the kitchen, large tables that are used for groups or communal dining, and a few smaller tables. Also, it's a BYOB, so plan accordingly.
We were kindly greeted and seated upon entering. Our server gave us menus and poured water (he also left a full water bottle on our table for refills. Huge plus, IMO).
We kicked off our meal by splitting a finocchio (fennel) salad, which was super fresh, tasty and just the right size for the two of us. We then pulled the trigger on a pair of pizzas, one from the sauced side of the menu, the capriccisoa (ham and veggies), as well as one from the "bianco" side, the carbonara (pancetta and a sunny egg). 
When the pizzas hit the table, we immediately knew that Spuntino was a winner. Not only were they gorgeous, they smelled fan-freakin-tastic. Our server dropped off some grated parmesan, roasted garlic powder, and crushed red pepper flakes. We dug in with a vigor.
The pizza was everything I had hoped for. The crust is perfect, the toppings are fresh and high quality, the meats are flavorful and not greasy at all (which is always a fear of mine when it comes to pizza toppings). 
Both our selections were delicious, but the the carbonara was on a whole 'nother level. The egg really makes it. Highly recommend!
The prices are reasonable for what you get, and our order was just right for two people. We left feeling good, with happy bellies and happy hearts.
tldr: Spuntino rocks, can't wait to go back! Get the carbonara.The pizza here was phenomenal! The pizza is personal pie and it is pretty much the only thing on the menu. Great service and great vibes inside the restaurant. I highly recommend it!!Spuntino is AMAZING! I love the pizza so much, and how can you say no to BYOB? This is seriously the best Neapolitan style pizza I have had in Philly so far (and I studied abroad in Italy!). Last time I was in, there was an Italian family eating, so that has to tell you something! Plus, as a vegetarian, they are willing to customize the menu any way necessary. You have to try it, and the prices are reasonable as well. I highly recommend the Regina pizza, but you can't go wrong with any of them. Love, love, love, I will definitely be a regular :)
I see some people are complaining about it being "burnt" or not "chewy" enough... ew, you clearly don't know good pizza....I LOVE this place with every fiber of my being. My family and frequent Italy, and last June we went to Sicily where I took a cooking class. We make the traditional Sicilian caponata and, upon tasting the final product, my husband said, "Not as good as Spuntino's" He was right! And the pizza at Spuntino is right there as well. 
My four year old is a pizza snob and he loves their pizza so much that we had his fourth birthday gathering there. We THOUGHT that would be a good idea -- coming from the museum we thought the kids would be tired and hungry.I didn't consider that a gaggle of four year olds would still tear through the space at full lung capacity (I somehow imagined them all sitting quietly, eating pizza and discussing politics). The owner and his mother were SO kind, they never said a word, and just made sure that we were all taken care of. I can't tell you how much I appreciated it. So, the best pizza and sides (and caponata), and excellent service. Can't beat it.I love brick oven pizza so I had to try Spuntino's. I got the arugula salad and the fradiavolo pizza. The salad was so fresh and light, thankfully not drenched in dressing. The pizza was so flavorful I ate it all in about 5 minutes. I've been to plenty brick oven pizza places in the city but this place is by far the best. Even better than Vetri. If you are looking for amazing food and great service you need to go to Spuntino's!This is the Best pizza I ever had.My husband and I are italian, we moved in Philly few years ago and this is the best Pizza by far.
It's like a real italian pizzeria. 
We tried the special with stracciatella cheese and it was amazing.
Super recommended!!!!!!
Keep going guys!Best pizza in the city!  Consistently good and and always friendly staff.   Great place to bring your own beer or wine.Finally. A wood fired pizzeria in Northern Liberties! We can stop trekking all over the city. This place is solidly good. I love the crust and there's a fair number of selections, both red and white. We were pleased with our first visit and are looking forward to returning to try others. My only wish was for unsweetened iced tea. It's great that they brought this corner to life with something so tasty.Came here for a Bridal shower,  all the pizza's and salads were fantastic. Definatly a place to visit.Came in for a couple pies - pepperoni and Valdostana (prosciutto, caramelized onions and fresh mozzarella). 
Came in around 2pm and the place was pretty empty, service was quick and the atmosphere was relaxing. 
Both the pies were very good.  Pepperoni had wonderful sauce and the Valdostana was a great combo of ingredients and worth trying. 
Good date spot too.Never have been let down from this place. Have dined in and ordered delivery many times. It's always quick and great food. It's that Neo style pizza so compare to a Verti/Medusa but IMO it beats them hands down. They have a great calzone too and good salads.I love that this place is a BYOB!! But aside from that, the pizza is AMAZING!! I definitely recommend the scampi or the formaggio pizzas. If you like cheese (who doesn't) get the burrata as an app!Ordered the pepperoni pizza for take out. Loved every bite of it; only regret was only ordering one. They don't cut to-go pizza orders, and instead give you a branded pizza cutter/bottle opener tools- a great touch.Their pizza is exquisite! Seriously. They also have the most delicious dessert. I can't remember what they call it on the menu, but it is sort of a Nutella Stromboli. It's a must.This might be the best pizza I've ever had in Philly. It was so fresh and delicious. The Caesar salad was beyond incredible... honestly that was probably the best Caesar salad I've ever had too. The staff is friendly and it's in a great location. I can't wait to go back.Came after hearing great things about Sals place & it did not disappoint. The burrata & arugula salad were yummy starters.  The pizzas are individually sized but my group ordered about 4/5 to share. Loved the artichoke pizza and the special pizza with figs & prosciutto! Can't wait to return when I visit philly again. Well done sal & coThe service has been great the two times I've been here. It's a chill atmosphere. You can byob which is always a plus. Definitely will come again. Also it's kids friendly.Great place for modern style brick oven pizza with variety of options even for vegetarians. Cauliflower pizza is just for them. Plenty of parking in the area any time off the week.Love this place. Their margarita pizza is delicious as well as rucola salad. I always come back for this two items.The food at Spuntino is excellent. The restaurant is spotless, and the staff is wonderful. It is a BYOB, which is a bonus. I highly recommend this restaurant!My girlfriend and I literally ran into Spuntino on our way to another restaurant, and I'm glad we stopped. Their pizza was probably on the best I've ever had. I'd highly recommend you try. Their canoli was also really good.Solid pizza, a bit fancier than your average around the block pizza but has good vibes.  The staff is very friendly, but the pizza lacked that extra flavor punch.  Would recommend for dessert the Nutella calzone-type option...it's quite the experience!Amazing caprese salad (with burrata!). Tomatoes are always fresh and a nice portion of the burrata. Then the Neapolitan style pizzas are amazing both the sauce and white pies. Favorites have been the fradiavolo and the carbonara. Highly recommended & it's BYO too!Awesome spot.  Went here late afternoon on a Saturday and it was perfect time as it was not crowded. The pizza is very good. The crust is lite and airy with a nice bit of char. I like a bit more char but that is just personal preference. The staff is awesome. We sat at counter to allow my daughter to watch the process. She was able to guess the oven temp at 1000 degrees. Pizza took less than a minute in the wood fired oven. Main pizza architect was very friendly and interested in our opinions and experiences as they related to good pizza. Get there and enjoy the pizza. Oh The prices are outstanding as compared to the other top pizza places in the city. #getsomeSuper fresh and great sized portions.  Ambience is casual and fresh.  BYOB makes it perfect.  Worth a repeat visit over and over. 
Priced fairly.So I went here last night for the 1st time. And to give you a little background, I live upstairs and I didn't have an immediate urge to try it - so I was pretty reluctant to go, because another pizza place? In Philly? Been there, ate that.
HOWEVER. I thoroughly enjoyed my dinner. My boyfriend and I split the Margarita pizza. All pizzas are 10" sized "personal" pizzas and are around $11 each. Kind of expensive for a thin crust, personal sized pizza, but the ingredients are super fresh, the crust is super fresh and overall, you are extremely satisfied with your meal. I have never been to Italy, but I can imagine that this pizza tastes like fresh, right out of the oven pizza in Italy. 
My only gripe is - the sizing of the pizza is awkward. Like, if you're two people,  do you get 1 pizza? or 2 pizzas? Because 1 pizza is enough for 2 people, with a salad maybe. But 2 pizzas would probably be overkill. 
They have so many great pizza combinations and I can't wait to try a bunch! Good thing we live right upstairs :)To follow up to Sal's reply... I'm very familiar with the Neapolitan style pizza; perhaps my soupy in the middle comment isn't clear in that it's a bit excessive. I work in Europe 50% of the year, and have had many different styles and types of pizza in Rome & Venice where my job lands me most.  I'm also a New Yorker, so maybe that's part of why my tastes differ.  Let's simplify this: the BIGGEST problem is the dough is a bit tasteless and just  doughy on the outside edge of the pizza.  Weather it's Neapolitan, New York style, flat bread, or really any style except for maybe Chicago deep dish, the contrast between a crispy or slightly crispy and airy crust and the delicious toppings and sauce, soupy in the middle or not, is what really separates okay from exquisite pizza.  It's just my 2 cents...Sal's right, you should come in and support this local business. As a neighbor though I implore you to give him the same feedback if you agree so he can adjust and thrive & we all have more choices.  3 other neighbors gave me this feedback pre-visit, so I don't think it's just me. Cheers.Just had dinner here and it was terrific. We started with the arugula salad which was simple, fresh, and the portion was generous. The roasted beet salad was also great. 
The real winner was our main course. The pizza is outstanding! I don't know how they do it but the crust comes out both chewy and crispy at the same time - it's delicious. 
We ended the meal with the Meza Luna (basically a calzone made with the amazing pizza crust filled with Nutella and marshmallows). 
All in all, the food, service and atmosphere was above expectations and we will certainly be back!We loved the Funghi pizza at Spuntino! So happy to have a wood fired pizza place in Northern Liberties. The menu is simple, pizza and salad, and they do it to perfection!I was completely blown away after enjoying this amazing meal prepared and served by the friendliest staff around! Spuntino uses the freshest ingredients and you can literally taste the passion and attention to detail that goes into every item on their menu. Living so far away, I find myself saying, "I wish we could have Spuntino for dinner tonight" at least once a month. With that being said, Spuntino San Diego should be next!Finally! I love chewy wood fired pizza.  We ordered the Regina, Salsiccia, & Fradiavolo... cheesy, delicious, spicy delicious.  I will be back!This place is unbelievable!  We started with the bruschetta, which was an amazing, delicious twist on what I usually think of as bruschetta!  It had crushed white beans and fresh tomatoes and bread.  It came out so fast, we couldn't believe it, which was great because we were so hungry.  Then,  I ordered the marinara pizza with capers and my husband order the Calzone-both were outstanding.  Everything was so fast and fresh, we were so impressed.  The cannolis were so creamy and delicious and only $1 a piece!  Thank you for such an amazing fresh meal, we will definitely be back!This place was perfect for a casual date night! The decor was modern and high ceilings made the place feel inviting. There was enough space for seating without it feeling overcrowded. The pizza was really good. Mine was the artichoke spinach white pizza and my boyfriend got the pepperoni one. We both were happy with our choices, we ate it all! Definitely one of the best pizza places in Philly, will be back again!This place is a great addition to the NoLibs neighborhood! It has huge potential, but not quite a 5 star place yet.
Pros:
BYOB!
Amazing arugula salad
BYOB
And did I mention BYOB?
The pizza is great except...
Cons:
The crust is always always burnt (I went twice to be sure) and it tastes bitter. The slice of plain pizza crust they give you with the salad is basically inedible.
Will go back or get takeout for lazy nights, but I hope they up their crust game. Would also like to see them get more creative with pizza toppings too!Really fresh ingredients and excellent pizza and salads. Really nice atmosphere and communal tables which I like. Makes you engage people. Great service. Great people!A charming byo pizza spot! Their pizza crust is perfect and they have a great variety of topping options. Our go-to is the cavolfiore. Fresh salads and friendly staff round out the always lovely experience at Spuntino! Great for date night, dinner with a friend, and small groups.This is the best pizza and the toppings and fresh and unique! The staff is great as well, my favorite waitress is Trish!Great local BYO pizzeria! I enjoyed a delicious carbonara-style pizza that I still have dreams about.Spuntino is fantastico.  The pizza is delicious, ambiance and staff are very welcoming and it is a BYO so you can never complain about the adult beverage selection.  Get to Spuntino...now.I'm so glad I don't live close, I'd be quadrillion pounds. Oh my God the pizza is fantastic. It melts in your mouth and it's so amazing. My only issue is there isn't enough cheese on there but it's still so good.Loved, loved, loved the pizza!  
Just found this wonderful little restaurant in No. Libs. 
BYOB.
Great staff.
Delicious and fresh ingredients. And you can make any changes or substitutions with ease.
Pizza is made with care by the owner, Sal. And then cooked to perfection in a wood-fired oven.
Seriously... the pizza is truly tasty and delicious.... I can't wait to go back!Still not sure about this place after three pies. The flavors are good, no doubt...  But we feel like the pizza could be a little more cooked.. It was soggy. The slices are very limp, on every pie we had. I guess we just don't like it limp.We ordered takeout from this spot last night and overall the pizza was just OK. We ordered the cauliflower white pizza which was interesting and somewhat tasty and their shrimp pizza with red sauce. The shrimp pizza had tiny pieces of shrimp on it that looked like 2-3 shrimps had been shredded up and spread across the dough. This left us feeling disappointed (not to mention hungry!) after spending $30 on two pizzas for dinner. The service was friendly and it's one of a handful of BYO spots in Nolibs but given all the other amazing pizza spots that deliver or are 15-20 mins walk we will skip giving this spot a second chance.OMG! The pizza here is the best ever! Very thin crust baked in a flash in a super hot oven that adds a subtle smokey flavor. Delicious toppings. Wonderful salads. Helpful cheerful staff and a great "buzz" in the air from the communal seating. Definitely a great add to he neighborhood. We've been twice and plan on being frequent customers. (And a BYO...great pizza and your own wine? Doesn't get better!)This place was awesome! The worst part of this place is deciding which Pizza and dessert to order. It is a casual spot, so do not feel the need to have to dress-up to come here. I would feel 100% comfortable stopping in after the gym on a busy Friday night in gym clothes. 
The carbonara pizza was amazing - I highly suggest trying it. 
The gelato (made in-house by them) was also amazing and should be added to the menu as an permanent item, rather than being a special. 
The owner was down to earth and patient - I will gladly be back to support his business (and eat his food)Philly is not well known for its pizza, let's be serious. I've been living here for 8 years, and have been desperately waiting for a place like this to come along. Pizzeria Stella doesn't come close. 
1. It's BYOB and you have the Foodery very close by for quality beer. BOOM.  
2. The PIZZA! My goodness the pizza, I'm salivating just thinking about it. 
 - began with the burrata appetizer. Very large portion, can easily be shared with 4 people. Fresh tomatoes, fresh burrata, a perfect way to start off. 
- Salsiccia: sweet Italian sausage. This pizza was the best of two worlds, the sweetness from the sausage with the savory from the tomatoes and fresh cheese. 
- Cauliflower pizza: this one blew my mind. I would never think to put cauliflower on a pizza. Crispy bits of cauli and the warmness of the dough and cheese made for heaven in my mouth. 
- Melazane - pan fried eggplant. This pizza popped with flavor. By this point in my meal I was so full but I had to eat one slice, and brought the rest home. This pizza is extremely flavorful, and unique. Brava!
3. Ambiance: I love the decor, its bright, its modern, its friendly. They have long tables so you might sit next to someone you don't know but hey, when you're in the zone eating the best pizza ever, you won't notice who is beside you. They also have tables of 4-6 lined up on the wall. The bathroom was very clean, always appreciate that. The staff, very friendly and accommodating. 
I'll be back pronto :)This is some of the best pizza I've ever had. The dough is amazing,  nothing in the city compares. Incredibly friendly staff. Fast service and no "too cool for school attitude" that some of the other nearby places have.I wish I could eat this pizza as often as my boyfriend and I talk about it. And we talk about it a lot, because it's that awesome. I don't think you can go wrong with any of the pizzas, but I highly recommend the carbonara, fradiavolo, and funghi. The service is always awesome and I wish my kitchen looked like this place does; it's beautiful inside. They even give you a pizza cutter/bottle opener if you don't have one at home (they don't cut their pizzas there if you're getting take out). It's definitely a different style of pizza, but it's a good different and worth a try--you'll probably become addicted and talk about it all the time like my boyfriend and me.Great pizza and canoli! I will definitely be back. The owner is very friendly. Nice decor.Amongst the most top notch pizza in the city, for sure. If you're looking for a $2 NY style slice, keep moving , as Spuntino serves premium, brick oven personal pies with extremely high quality ingredients.Spuntino is real deal Italian style pizza and only place I will eat pizza in Philly!If you are looking for a BYOB & amazing Pizza this is your spot. This place can handle a bigger crowd for any type of celebration, or keep it low key, my fiancé and I come all the time to grab a pizza on a week night! I always recommend eating there but if I can't finish my pizza the best way to re-heat at home is to put pizza on a frying pan. The staff is informative and friendly this place is a no libs- no brainier!Delicious. High quality ingredients. Wood fired pizzas and salads.... It's BYOB and it accepts credit cards. Great service too.Absolutely delicious pizza, service is always good as well! Highly recommend it if you are in the neighborhood! And it's BYOB!This place is beautiful inside! Exposed brick oven clean tables great lighting and you get to see them make the pizza right in front of you. Was there 2 times in 3 days lol that's how good it is. Tried the burrata with tomatoes which was very good! Tonno pizza, scampi, soppresatta, and the special pizza of the week was butternut squash, Gorgonzola, walnuts, and Carmelized onions were all amazing! Go to spot before heading to workMost amazing pizza I have ever had, and for a reasonable price too. Keep in mind, my husband is from New York, and likes to brag that no pizza is as good as the pizza in New York. He changed his mind after having the pizza here. It's BYOB so we were able to bring our wine--there was no corking fee. He got the salsicca pizza and I got the regina. It was perfectly thin but the crust was deliciously fluffy, like a cloud. The inside is really nice and clean too and the service was great. We will most definitely be coming back for take out as this is our new takeout place for pizza.One of my favorite pizza places in Philly and NYC. 5 stars for food and the service has always been great.I went here for a private party yesterday and the food was amazing! They were so friendly and accommodating. We started off with a caesar salad and the bruschetta con fagioli, bruschetta tomatoes with mashed white beans. The bread that came with the bruschetta was perfectly seasoned and fresh out of the wood fire oven! For our pizzas we got the funghi, pepperoni and eggplant. I would highly recommend the pepperoni and the eggplant! This place is an awesome addition to the Philly good scene and I hope they continue to be successful!Carbonara with cracked egg was delicious!! Cheap and BYOB, plus the best pizza I've had so far... you can't go wrong with this place!Great pizza and BYOB. What else could you ask for? The pizza is perfectly baked every time. I never eat the crust but here, I will. It's perfectly crispy and then moist and doughy on the inside. The carbonara pizza is to die for, a must get.Thank you Sal. The pizza was fresh, flavorful, and outstanding.   I ate an entire pie and dont feel bloated and gross. I look forward to coming back.Spuntino pizza was outstanding!!! We had the margherita with pepperoni and the regina. The crust was crisp and light. The sauce was light and flavorful. Great atmosphere and the employees all take the time to engage the customer and make people feel welcome. Kelsey  has been our waitress the last 2 Sunday's and she is fantastic! Extremely knowledgable & has guided my family and I in the right direction for the perfect pizza. The owners did a great job in establishing a great culture and it shows in how they treat their customers.Owners use to be our neighbors in Langhorne and known for their aldo pizzerias in the areaSolid pizza, a bit fancier than your average around the block pizza but has good vibes.  The staff is very friendly, but the pizza lacked that extra flavor punch.  Would recommend for dessert the Nutella calzone-type option...it's quite the experience!Awesome. Best pizza dough in town if you like softer crusts! WM Mulherin's dough for chewy and crispy crusts.  
Spuntino is definitely a better choice than Vetri pizzerias.Just had lunch here, great pizza, great service. Nice to have it in the neighborhood.I have had this place bookmarked for ages and finally got to go and it was definitely worth the wait. Our server was so friendly and courteous and pleasant even when we showed up after a show nearby around 10:15 (they close at 11). We got to sit outside and it was a nice night so that was great. We ordered the Regina pizza and the garbanzo salad. Both were fanfrickintastic. Dough was perfect and the pizza was straight from the brick oven. Tasted very good. The salad was also really great and served with little chunks of pizza dough. We finished w the gelato.. the tried the basil and the coffee.. both were very tasty but we LOVED the basil one. We should have gotten two orders of just that. Can't wait to go back!Maybe it's a Doylstown thing cause me and my wife did not enjoy this at all. The crust was burnt (and not the good tasting kind of burnt, the I can't eat this burnt) , the pizza was soggy, an there was barely any sauce or ingredients. My wife got the margaritta and there were only three pieces of basil in the entire pizza. Total for two terrible pizzas was $30 dollars which we don't mind paying IF the food is good. Save yourself the pain and get Elliott's pizza.I love Spuntino! First off the atmosphere is so homey and I feel like I'm at a family restaurant in Italy. It's just so warm and cozy. Secondly the pizza is amazing from no sauce to red sauce, sausage to prosciutto to shrimp scampi. 
The salads are fresh, antipasto is fully loaded with goodies, and the desserts-oh my goodness get the Nutella pizza thing...you will not regret it. 
I've seen the same lady working every time and she's so friendly and helpful. The other waiters and waitresses I've had have been efficient and welcoming too. You even get to watch them firing the pizza in the wood oven while you wait for your food!What can I say, one of the best pizzas in the city, and definitely the best for Neopolitan style pizza.
Top notch ingredients used for pizza, my favorites being the Carbonara (ask for 2 eggs), Scampi, Salsiccia, fra diavolo, the frutti Del Mar when on special, and of course, classic pepperoni.
Great antipasto and burrata for appetizer, and fantastic cannolis and gelato for dessert.
Modern setting, family style table seating, and BYOB!
Highly recommend this spot if you're in northern liberties or feel like taking the trek for some great pizza :)I really liked this coal fired pizza place. The flavors of the salads were great. The bruschetta was nice and the sandwiches were great. We had their popular prosciutto one. The staff was very nice too.Live around the corner. Order the Margherita regularly. The sauce is fresh! It's drizzled with superb olive oil. I love their pizza! Some of the best I've had. Just wish the crust was a bit crispier. Try this place. You won't regret it.Spuntino is an amazing neighborhood spot with the friendliest staff, most delicious pizza and most inviting atmosphere. I had the pleasure of dining in for the first time tonight (normally get pizza to go) and was really impressed from start to finish. Had the Margherita pizza which was just perfect with a cup of red wine. The interior is so clean, inviting and elegant, yet totally approachable with no attitude. Can't wait to go back!Loved the menu of this place considering Margherita pizza is my favorite and they offer different variations of it. Called to order delivery but they only let you do that through the caviar app, which is good marketing for caviar but annoying to go through the download process just for delivery. Did it anyway and enjoyed the speedy delivery as well as the pizzas! We got the Salsiccia and Capricciossa pizzas, both recommend. You get more out of the pizzas with more toppings obviously. I think their prices are a little steep for a ten inch thin crust pizza but the ingredients tasted very fresh and they give you the option to add basil leaves for free.Our go to spot when my boyfriend lived in northern liberties. BYOB and delicious. I love the caprese Salad because of the fresh burrata. My favorite pizza is the "Ronzio" (soppresseta, hot calabrese peppers, garlic, oregano, mozzarella, San marzanos, and honey drizzle)...although they are all very good! Had to deduct a star because the wait can be long and a little disorganized!One of Yelp's pick of the week for pizza. Winner winner, personal size 10" pizzas. Thin and very (almost too thin) but no points taken off for that. Gentleman took my order made my pizza and salad with impeccable service and I was on my way within minutes. They don't cut their pizza but did upon my request since we were eating in the car. Not the best I ever had but very very good.  You'll judge for yourself.I wasn't honestly a big fan of the pizza here. I guess I like a chewier crust. This was more crunchy. I also like a pizza that can hold itself up. This pizza flopped around with a super thin crust. As a vegetarian, they did have some solid options. I got a specialty pizza that had butternut squash, red onions, and pecans (or maybe walnuts?). It really was just okay food in my book. The other weird thing is that there is very limited individual seating. They have a bunch of long tables where you might end up sitting next to someone you don't know.  Honestly, the best part about this place is how instagramable it is. Massive windows led to great pictures which great if all you care about is instagramming your meals.