Great, perfectly balanced coffee.  I am extremely picky about my coffee, but this cafe does it well. 
Only con was my almond croissant... I have yet to find a place in Philly that can make a croissant properly.  Why is this? Flaky crust should not equal hard to bite exterior :(Would give this place 5 stars based just on the coffee itself. Love all the drinks here. Taking away one star because of a rude worker. He acted above me because I waited for my coffee on the wrong side of the bar. Seemed very full of himself. Needs to get his attitude checked. But other than this one barista I love the coffee here.Great place to study! it is sunny and well-lit with a spacious feel. The WiFi worked just fine, and the noise level was on the quieter side of average.
I enjoyed their London Fog (Earl Grey latte) for $4.If I lived in Philly, this would be my spot. 
Clean, lighted, open space with a bunch of tables/counter space for work or chatting with a friend available. Pour overs are competitive in their prices, and coffee here is only $11-12 for their roasted beans from Lancaster!
Friendly service, in a cool neighborhood and spot. Thanks!Get off at 13th street station and in about 8 minutes of walking you'll find this place! 
There is plenty of seats and tables. There's wifi and outlets here, so it's a perfect place to study or get some homework done! It's cozy and bright and the music is not too loud or distracting. 
I got a cappuccino. It was $4, a reasonable price. Wasn't as cheap as say, Bodhi (now Quaker City Coffee), but not expensive compared to many other places. P.S. If you're a student, the cappuccino is only $3 at Bodhi! 
5/5!Awesome place. They have great table, great drinks, and great staff! Safe go-to if I'm in the neighborhood and need to get some work done.I just stumbled across this place walking aimlessly to find a good coffee place that isn't a chain. The inside is very trendy. I ordered a cappuccino although they had many other options for the coffee lover. I took a sip and Oh My Goodness, it's one of the best tasting beans I have had. And they made an actual cappuccino not a latte, my fellow cappuccino lovers will understand how often this happens. I will definitely head back this way!Cute place to grab a coffee or tea, and chat with friends or study/work. It feels like a small, personally-owned coffee shop and has it's own chic but unique ambiance. I went on a Sunday morning and it wasn't crowded.I don't know who the a-hole barista is who was there today, but when I asked for a little bit more of milk in my coffee (since I couldn't detect any), he yelled at me "no, you got exactly the same amount of milk I give to every cup".
Thanks for teaching me how I like my coffee. I hope you go out of business with this attitude.Great coffee, nice place. In a similar class of coffee/coffeeshops as counter culture, elixr, PTs, etcExcellent latte! One of the best I've had in the city! Goat cheese croissant was amazing. Highly recommend! Great ambiance, polite staff, and extremely comfortable set up!I really enjoy studying here. The open space / lighting combined with the calm coffee shop buzz provides a great working atmosphere. I've also come here to just sit and catch up with a friend so it's not one of those places that feels like a library. Only drawbacks are that the coffee is sometimes a little too acidic for me and there aren't many outlets. There may be a lack of seating sometimes, but I think the extra space adds to the ambiance and prevents it from feeling too stuffy in there.Why was this place not open when I was living in the Lenox across the street? Now I have to trek 10 blocks just to smell and taste your amazing coffee. This is the place to be if you like full bodied non-acidic coffee beverages. The place is light and airy. People are nice. Free wifi. But still, it comes back down to the coffee. If you close your eyes and take a sip, the taste will teleport you to the back alleys of the old gothic Barcelona. Ok, maybe not.If you're looking for an atmosphere that is conducive to working, this is not the place to go. They play music ear-shatteringly loud and the baristas talk to each other at the top of their voices. The drinks and food are strictly average. I won't be going back in a hurry.Nice suave and very friendly staff. The Kenya coffee was delicious, especially with a little bit of soy milk.For a coffeeshop, the tables are pretty spaced apart which makes it a great place to get some work done without being distracted by other people's (sometimes obnoxiously loud) conversations going on on the side. The place is well-lit with good ambience.
That being said, depending on who's working, the music can be way too loud. Also, the tea selection is okay but not extensive, though the london fog is pretty good. I wouldn't say anything here is worth paying 4-5 bucks, which is how much most beverages seem to cost. I really only come here when I  want a change of pace while still being productive. There are definitely better places to go if you're looking for a quality drink.It's a great place. Comfortable and spacious. I just wish they were open a little later.Great little coffee shop to work. There is ample seating inside the shop as well as outside if the weather is nice out. They have a general selection of coffee and tea as well as some baked goods to choose from. A great place to work or studyThere is so much space to work and the music is incredibly soft and soothing. You will definitely want to stay and work if you have the time. You won't even need headphones! Drinks are very good. The baristas we're incredibly friendly and had my drink ready before I had settled in my seat. Very cool and different vibe from the classic cramped style coffee shop with loud indie music playing. Definitely worth a try!Square One offers excellent coffee, an inviting, spartan space and superb Wi-Fi.  It's surprisingly large and comfortable.
Most importantly, the coffee based drinks are made with care and tend to be excellent.  The iced coffee is very good.  It's clean and well-organized so that you won't need to fight your way to the milk and sugar.  There were fresh, tasty croissants offered on the morning I visited (made locally).  I had an almond croissant that was flaky and buttery with my coffee.
I'm sooo happy Philly has a number of independent coffee shops as an alternative to Starbucks (which I actually like too).  This is a great find.Square One is A+ in my book. Got the London Fog (get the large, it's only 50¢ more), sat outside in the shade, and pounded through some work with city sounds in the background. I'll be back.My go to local coffee place when studying. They have a frequent card where your 10th cup of coffee is free, any kind and size you want! It's a "study cafe" and you can bring your laptop and get work done with free wifi. The best is their bottled cold brews, yums!I love this place! The space is really light and well decorated; there's something very inviting about a large open space with neatly crafted wooden tables and chairs and lights strung around the space, framing subtle artwork. The staff is incredibly friendly, and the coffee is good quality. Its a great place to sit and get some work done. My only complaint is that the tables are so small- they barely constitute a two-top, which is less appealing to me than a larger table in order to sit down and do work (I like to spread out a bit) But the convenient location, friendly staff, and ambience, not to mention quality coffee, make it worth it.my new reading spot during my lunch break!
i've tried the latte and hot chocolate so far.  they really hit the spot!  i asked them what type of chocolate they use for the hot chocolate just out of curiosity and the barista mentioned that it is home made.. mmk cool~ (didn't really mean anything to me until i took my first sip lol) AND it was simply delightful!  didn't taste generic at all.  super smooth and milky.  and i dare say.. it might just be my favorite cup of hot choco ever! 
the decor is very organic with bright lighting, which is exactly what i need for a reading day.  the tables and chairs are quite spread out so you can have some personal space while you do your work.
cute little spot in the city! i would recommend but don't spread the love too much b/c i really enjoy the low-key-ness of this place lolI was pretty impressed with Square One.  I had a cappuccino and a croissant.  I would be really surprised if the croissant was made in house (by the look of the place I can't even imagine that there is room in the back to make anything) but it was definitely made with care somewhere. The croissant was buttery and flaky, and delicious.  Exactly what I wanted.  
The cappuccino was also very good.  It was thick and creamy.  The cream and foam didn't overly dilute the coffee.  I also had a few sips of the orange juice that they serve, it was good (someone mentioned that they thought it was bought from Reading Terminal Market).  
I was impressed with the look of this place.  It was bright, open, and quiet.  It has sort of a modern Swedish look to it, a lot of light wood everywhere.  The one thing that I would change: I wish that had one or two 4 top tables for slightly bigger groups of people to sit down together.I walked out of my way for the nitro cold brew coffee and it was worth it. It was the smoothest coffee I have ever had. Definitely worth the trip!Coffee was just ok.
The music and seating was great!
They played 50s jazz, which is just my personal fav so....Shady Business
They overcharge here so ask for a receipt. 
I ordered a small chickpea salad (menu: $3.50) and a soy chai latte ($5.00) and was charged $10.95. Listen, I'm no math wizard but that just doesn't add up. I usually trust the person behind the counter (mistake?) so I initially paid the $10.95 without hesitation then quickly realized that I am not in NYC (where $10.95 for a small tupperware of chickpeas and a small latte is not ok but is the norm) so I checked the menu. When I confronted the barista about the odd math, she was like, "nope! $10.95"
And she wouldn't give me a receipt. 
Though the experience left a bitter taste in my mouth, the tiny chickpea salad was actually pretty good. The soy chai latte was room temperature and the flavor left much to be desired.Service very friendly coffee looks appealing but doesn't taste as good as it looks. Also overcrowded and location isn't too good.Wish it was bigger and had more tables/outlets. But easily in the top 3 for FAVORITE cups of coffee in the city. I wish there was one near my office4 Stars - Lavender Light & Sweet Drink 
3.5 Stars - Ambience (open and inviting with limited outlet space in comparison to other coffee shops in the area. Nice open patio section but gets crowded in the summer time). 
Price - $5 bucksa great study spot and overall very cute coffee shop on busy 13th st. they get their beans from their Lancaster place. a good place to settle in for a long afternoon of cramming (or just a good coffee with friends). really good lattes but also interesting teas etc and very friendly staff. clean bathrooms and plenty of space. they have some snacks and chocolate (all the pastries are pretty good, the chick pea salad is also a good lunch choice). they have a tiny outpost in the sterling on 19th and JFK that is also cozy but much smaller.Random stop 25 min before they closed. BEST COFFEE. Couldn't believe how tasty a simple
Coffee could be esp late and right before they closeVisiting for a conference and found this place through Yelp. The caramel latte is seriously amazing. And the baristas there were very helpful and gave good recommendations for stuff to do around here. Wish I lived here so I could come every day!Great place to stop in and get some work done. There is quite a lot of seating available, especially around the perimeter and towards the back that is great for 1-2 people. There is a larger table if you have a group that you may be able to use as well. They have great coffee and a good selection of snacks here as well as decent wifi. The only thing I do wish they had was some additional power outlets, but that isn't a dealbreaker. The staff is also great!Place is very pretty and spacious inside, and coffee is above average, good price. The bagels, however, are not bagels. More like sourdough rolls. Staff is super friendly and I wish they had a slightly greater variety of snacks to incentivize me to hang out for a couple hours to do work. I didn't notice any music, which you can decide is a plus or a minus.It is really hard to understand how this coffee shop survives. 
It was 8 am when we went there this morning which is the prime time for a coffee shop and you just go in get your coffee like in 5-7 minutes and rush to work...but no that did not happen...there was only one employee who was the barista and the cashier at the same time but friendly enough(!) to show kitten photos from her phone to customers when we were waiting for our coffees for like 20 minutes. 
Well also the coffee was mediocre...such a waste of 30 minutes of our precious morning and money!!!Finally, the new Square One Coffee shop is open. I have to walk pass everyday so why not stop in for a cup. Upon entering, I had to take my shades off, but even then, it was WAY too dark in there. Not ambiance mind you, just not enough light (natural or otherwise). The noise level was off the charts, a group of old dudes in the corner really messed me up. I wanted to sit and enjoy my java, but they were so loud! Sitting outside was a no go, the proverbial trash truck that picks up from the flop house on the corner was parked out front and the stench was unbearable. I had to cross the street and cross back just to get there (to avoid my clothes smelling like hot garbage). Dudes were in there with laptops, so I'm guessing they have wi-fi. Anyway, the clean, mod and sleek interior was cool, seating arraigned around the perimeter of the store and the smell was heavenly. I don't know the lay of the land yet, so I  kept it simple and ordered a medium cup of coffee. The girl at the counter was very helpful and greeted me warmly (#win) and served up my cup lickity split. The 'fixin's' bar was around the other side of the island. they only had 1/2 and 1/2 , no skim milk, whole milk or soy (#nonwin) out for use. They had the blue and yellow stuff as well as that brown sugar and white sugar. No stevia (yet - fingers crossed) to speak of. There is really only room for 1 person at a time to doctor up their drinks with a tiny trash hole on the left side.  
All in all, not bad. A medium coffee is $2.25 (*bucks prices) They have $1 refills (at least that's what I thought I read), some pastries but nothing appetizing (It's still early, I know). I'll visit again for sure, but I'll make sure the block is trash truck free and the gang isn't inhabiting.  It's so close to my job, I'd love to make it my 'spot' to get away.Good coffee, with some limited snacks and pastries (I would recommend the brioche with fruit center). Also have some tea available, including bagged loose leaf. First discovered them in Lancaster, and they're definitely competitive in the more crowded Philly market as well. Love that they participate in the Square rewards program (discount after 10 purchases).
UPDATE: They seem to have discontinued the Square rewards, but you can still get a card punched with each coffee.This place is okay, but probably wouldn't come back here. I ordered an americano cuz I'm not a fan of coffee drinks with milk in them and it just tasted so acidic and thin. I was honestly hoping for something with more body and richness, but that might just be my preference. 
Also they didn't have much in the way of a coffee menu, I guess you're supposed either know what they want or ask the barista what they're making today but it's confusing for first timers like me. 
As I said I didn't love the coffee, would much rather have la colombe, but the barista was friendly enough and the decor was cute so maybe I'll come back to study.Oh yes. Officially my new favorite coffee shop in the city. The space is GORGEOUS. I am in love with the wooden tables. And the coffee comes in these funky bottles that you can take home with you. I am going to use mine as a vase. It is that awesome. Oh and if you come back with it, the refill is $2 off. 
As for the coffee, it was good for brewed coffee. I like my coffee unusually strong so it was a teeny bit mild for my taste but I would go back for more for sure. 
And BONUS: you can get free seltzer water. LOVE.
Only drawback: not too many outlets for charging computers but still will give this place 5 stars because everything else more than makes up for it.  Sooo glad I randomly meandered in.Very friendly staff, great decor with a perfect mix of sunlight and interior lighting. Coffee is above average and reasonably priced. Great place to study or grab a quick cup of coffee. Wifi was pretty reliable (Aside from the typical couple of gaffes, which shouldn't surprise anyone) but the lack of outlets can be problematic if you have to charge your electronics. Tables are on the smaller side but there is a large working table in the front for those in need of more room. Will definitely make this a common study/work place while in Philly!Food - I haven't eaten anything here, yet. But the baked goods look and smell amazing (like your mom just finished baking on a sunny sunday morning)
Drinks - 5 stars 
- Soy Latte - one of the best soy latte's I have ever had. Forget Starbucks, this local shop knows how to do it to perfection. Staff is extremely accommodating to your taste pallet - tell them you don't like your drinks too sweet, they will make them just for you.
Environment - 5 stars 
- Clean, calming, extremely cozy
- Customers here are very mindful of each other, so it will never get too loud
- Well-lit and moderately quiet - PERFECT for being in your study zone
- Thank God for the cushioned seats, unlike most other cafe's that are determined to painfully deform our poor lil studious behinds...
- Bathrooms literally smell like Christmas!
I was lost in my own world for hours here & finished reading 100 pages (of Biochemistry...i.e. really dry material)....That should tell you something!Delicious coffee - check!
Free seltzer water at the perfect temperature - bonus!
Friendly barista who welcomed me - yes!
Can we talk about the meticulous planning that was required to purify the water and then replace the minerals they wanted to add to make their water, and therefore coffee, EXACTLY the way they thought it should taste?  I agree with their palettes, it is amazing and refreshing.  I can't wait to come back when it isn't a hundred degrees outside so I can enjoy their hot brews.
I don't know what everyone is complaining about with the ambiance.  It is minimalist, sure, but inviting and open.  Light wood, chevron white subway tile, and the bar is in the the middle.  It could probably use a few larger tables, but maybe the small tables were chosen on purpose to discourage loud, large groups?
The floor is painted concrete, so no noise absorbing material.  The music was an appropriate volume (maybe a touch loud, but I think most people listen to their music a bit loud) and tasteful.
I have appreciated Square One beans since I discovered them, and will make the trek out of my neighborhood to come here when I can.Came on a Sunday morning and order 2
Soy mochas and our coffee was sour and we noticed white chunks!!! Bad sour soy milk, GROSS!!Super friendly staff. I like that this coffee shop has room to spread out so you don't feel cramped. The lights inside and out also provide a cute atmosphere. Plus their lavender light and sweet is deliciousWonderful atmosphere and coffee. Cold brew on nitro is a welcomed relief to hot weather. You can also buy coffee and coffee making supplies, from French presses to aero presses.This place has wonderfully strong coffee.  Their lattes are delicious and just the burst of energy that I need to get going.  The staff are always friendly as well, unlike some other coffee shops in the area.PROS:
-Vegan friendly! (They have vegan cream cheese)
-Friendly staff
-great space to study
-wifi
-nice lighting
Cons:
-few outlets for laptopSquare One has quickly become one of my favorite coffee shops in Philly! The atmosphere is warm and inviting, with friendly and attentive baristas more than happy to talk about anything coffee. The large windows at the front of the store bring in ample natural sunlight, making the cafe a perfect spot to post up for a morning of work or for leisurely conversation. Apart from the environment itself, Square One excels at providing excellent coffee from pour over to espresso drinks. This is a top notch roaster without any hint of pretentious attitude--a must try!Can't tell you if it's good or bad.  Apparently it is open until 7; but the machine was "back flushed at 6:35".  Why advertise you are open until 7 if no coffee is available. FAil,I've walked by Square One a couple of times and the decor always caught my eye. I finally came in during the week one day to grab breakfast and get some work done. The menu and baristas are facing the left wall when you walk in. The menu is not extensive but they have all the standard coffee shop orders plus a couple unique items. I ordered a mocha for my beverage and an everything bagel for breakfast. They have lots of tables to set up shop. Wi-fi is an open network and was pretty fast.The mocha was beautifully presented and tasted good. The bagel was also good. Overall, I liked it!Quite quaint coffee shop. Quick snd polite service. No kitchen on site but has basic pastried bagels and yogurt. My coffee order was messed up. Asked for pumpkin spice lattee with soy milk. Recieved plain lattee with soy milk. Hubbys pumpkin spice chai was amazing. Bagels were yummy. Served real natural peanut butter!Five stars for the calm, zen-like setting, but more like 3 - 3.5 for the coffee.
For me, the attraction here is the room.  It's spacious, bright and well-lit, and the tables are unusually far apart, at least for a coffeehouse.  The whole thing gives off a calm, zen-like vibe, which I prefer to the hectic raucousness of La Colombe.  
On recent visits I tried the macchiato ($3), which was good, but a tad bitter.  Maybe it was over-extracted, maybe it was just the choice of beans, but it was notably more bitter than the best ones I've had elsewhere.  
Also tried the nitro cold brew ($3.75 for 16 oz.).  Surprisingly, at least to me, this was served not cold like iced coffee, but cool, almost close to room temperature.  Like beer in England, say.  Not what I was expecting, at least in terms of temp.  It looked very much like a Guiness (I guess nitrogen has the same effect on all beverages), and the nitrogen did give it a certain creaminess of texture that made milk seem less necessary.  Still, for me, more a novelty than a favorite.  
Will return again just for the setting, hopefully will find other menu items I like better.Square One rocks! Their coffee is top notch- my go to place to buy some fresh beans.
Also, I really love what they did with the space. Unlike most coffee shops, there is actually plenty of room and open space, which is a nice change.
Love that they have sparkling water on tap (for free), too!Their coffee is delicious. If I had time this morning, I definitely would have sat down to enjoy it. The cafe is spacious, yet cozy, and they were playing great music when I walked in. And even though tonight is my last night in Philly, I'd like one final cup of gourmet coffee to go out with, and its going to be from Square One ;)) Coffee god willing.This is such a nice establishment for whatever break you want to take from life. Whether you're looking for a new meeting spot, a new outdoor scenery, or just sick and tired of your office's keurig-stock coffee, then Square One Coffee is the place for you. I was meeting my team here for a brainstorming session and we were able to find a string of seats in the back row, with excellent internet and very friendly staff who didn't mind us talk about our meeting agenda items. I only heard about Square One's unique nitro-brewed ice coffee right before we left, and the staff was very courteous to give me a free sample before I left. I gotta say, it's like drinking a slightly acidic, but highly malted guinness coffee that coated your esophagus with caffeine and energy. I may not be a coffee snob, but even I can tell when someone has poured (pun intended) their heart and soul into a product they are proud to share for free.
At first I was struggling between a 4 and 5 star rating, as this place was really nice, but not earth-shattering, and really could have used more power outlets. If that doesn't bother ya, then this place gets a 5 star in my book!This is my favorite cafe in the city. They're limited in terms of drink options but they do well with what they provide. The baristas are always kind and friendly. I especially love the space - plenty of seats for studying, working and meeting up. I adore the lighting and the use of space.
I have tried many of their drinks such as their cafe caramel, London fog latte, cappuccino, iced coffee, Chai latte and their various yummy teas. Always a good experience here!Perfect place for a good coffee in ceramic cups, nice relax setting to read or do window watching, and again coffee, expresso, cappuccino....is at the best standard!$2.50 for a delicious iced coffee, incredible service, and a clean, cozy, and inviting set-up? This is the coffee house I've been looking for since moving to Philly - a lot of room to sit and spread out without feeling cramped. Honestly, I felt like I was in the blanket fort of my dreams when I stepped inside Square One. The string lights and throw pillows *almost* made me wish I was a student again, because I would totally take over this coffee shop. It was very quiet when I walked in, few other patrons. I ordered my iced coffee from the lovely barista - honestly, she was so genuinely kind, it really made my entire day better having her as one of my first social interactions of the morning. They have cute local art and handmade cards for sale, and they even offer a "painting with coffee" class on first Friday! How sweet! I only wish I lived closer so I could hang out here more. I will definitely be making an effort to pop in next time I'm in this part of town. Square One is, by far, my most favorite coffee shop I've visited in the city.Great place to study, good atmosphere. The drinks are good, and not too expensive. There's free wifi available, and plenty of seating. The tables aren't too big, but that's not an issue if you're just working by yourself to catch up on some work. I would highly recommend this placeI love the atmosphere in this friendly coffee shop. Perfect for visiting with a friend and having a private conversation since the seats are not too close together. Plus they make a great cappucino!solid cappuccinos. also try the london fog (earl grey tea and milk with milk foam) if you don't necessarily need the caffeine and are just casually reading/journaling, because it's delicious! the baristas are so friendly and overall the place is clean and nicely decorated. great for studying or getting work done, since there are outlets and wifi.I absolutely love this coffee shop. When you first walk in it smells so nice, and it's always so clean. The set up is absolutely beautiful and instantly relaxing. I usually get a latte; they're so creamy and smooth. I also had the iced tea with ginger recently and I loved it. The staff is also super friendly. This is definitely one of my favorite places to get coffee in the city, and I hope they never go away.Cozy cool vibe, great cocktails, and friendly staff.  We shared the meatloaf dinner (which was yummy) and still had leftovers!5 stars for the location and surrounding neighborhood (gayborhood!) 
2 stars for the coffee, service 
1 star for the price ($3 for a 16 oz iced coffee that the barista filled up to 3/4 of the cup...no) 
I came around 4 pm on a weekday. I was the only customer in line and both baristas for some reason made me wait a good couple of minutes before they noticed me standing at the cashier. I respect that hipster culture comes with an inherent sense of aloofness/ quirkiness that I might not understand, but if it comes at the expense of customer service... then that is a questionable business model. 
I took my iced coffee outside and had a pleasant stroll down 13th street. The surrounding neighborhood is very picturesque and instagrammable. See my photo upload!This is one of my favorite places in the city to study, because of how much work space there is. The ceilings are high (conducive to creative thinking?). The entire space is well-lit and square-shaped, as you might expect. I usually get a drip coffee or iced coffee when I'm here, and they feel very generously caffeinated. I like how the borders of the cafe are lined with padded seats and tiny tables. I just wish there were a few more power strips around.This is a great place to hang and get work done. So cute and comfortable. I got the hand pour and it wasn't as hot as I hoped.  I am determined to find a beverage I love here so I can spend my time doing homework here.Found this spot on a list I found online of the best coffee shops in Philly and I agree with them! This is a spacious coffee shop that has tables for getting some work done and the simple yet trendy decor allows for a relaxing ambience. I ordered a drip coffee to keep it simple and it was yummy. I highly recommend a visit!Cool coffee spot in Philly. Had tha iced chai and while it was freshing it tasted a lot like chai milk. The store is open, bright and offers a lot of seating. Nice spot for a drink and relax!I live in the suburbs and my mission on a beautiful Sunday was to find new coffee shops that I never heard of before, and square one was the first one. I spent part of my morning in this cafe sipping on delicious coffee while I was working on my lap top! I liked the set up inside. It has a relaxing and simple atmosphere. In my opinion there should be some medium size tables because there was a big one in the middle and few really small ones but nothing for like 4 or 5 people to sit together. It's the kind of place that just doesn't seem like it's set up for socializing. And another thing, the barista was nice but I think he would've been nicer if he smiled. It's a coffee shop, in coffee shops people are supposed to be positive and greeting the customers with a smile :) am I right?Stylish coffee shop with reliable wifi, ample seating, and friendly staff!  I absolutely love the vibe here.  The crowd is usually mild and the seating areas are spacious.  I am always able to find a power outlet.  The location is convenient, yet quiet.  Great choice for flavorful coffee and desserts.This place is great. They are known for their "Light & Sweet" series of drinks, and the drink changes depending on the season. Now that it is fall, they have a Pumpkin Light & Sweet. It's a little expensive, but it is not overly sweet and finishes smooth. They have free wifi with ample space to get work done. They also have free sparkling water on tap! My first impression of this place is that I wish it was closer. This would easily be my go-to coffee shop, and they seem to know their customers well.This place is fantastic! I was searching last week for a place to study and stumbled upon this gem. The coffee is excellent and the baristas are super helpful and know what's up when it comes to the beans. They will make your coffee any way you like. 
The iced coffee is 100% potent with caffeine. I'm a coffee junkie and can seriously say that its on point. If you buy their iced coffee in a bottle (great bottle too), you get 25 cents off every refill (2.50 instead of 2.75). It might not be much but after a few times, it adds up! 
One huge plus is that the air conditioning is on full blast and amazing, so bring a sweater in case you get cold. The music is very low and pretty good, but of course you can pop your own in. The bathroom is stupendous and very clean, and smells great! 
One drawback is that they close at 7pm every day, but it's worth it.
More like Square #1 Cafe!Beautiful space, lots of lighting, good baristas, free tap and sparkling water, and prices of coffee aren't bad. I got a cafe au lait and it was a good size for a large. They have two-person tables, a communal table, but not that many outlets. Also speedy wifi. It's not insanely busy so it's a good place to get some work done or to have a coffee date.My favorite coffee place in Center City.  If the have the Costa Rica pour over it is superb.  The Thadeus espresso is an excellent choice as well.Good and surprisingly cheap coffee ($1.75 for a small drip coffee that's the barista of the day). Also very spacious and accommodating for groups that want to speak and also for those flying solo that do not want to speak. Only issue I had was the service. The barista who took our order was quite unfriendly. Unfriendly enough to write about it.It's a nice spot for delicious coffee and to catch up with friends. The staff are helpful and friendly, nice and clean environment, reliable wifi, there are plenty of seats. Their coffee is really good, I ordered a latte, really hit the spot! 
My only complaint is that while this place is good to get work done, the dimension of chair and table don't make people comfortable sitting there and work. 
I will definitely go back for their coffee, but it's not a spot for me when I want to get some work done.(5/5) They have the holy trinity of coffee shops: wifi, sparkling water, and seating w/ outlets. I love the lighting that they use, it gives the place a warm comfy feeling. Quite a versatile place because they have sofas, round tables, and the long tables. 
My friend and I used to come here to do work on the long tables since they were spacious enough to spread out papers and our laptops. I usually get the mocha or cappuccino (~$5).Cute little coffee shop and friendly staff! Coffee was delicious which is even better.