(Most interesting man in the world voice) "I don't usually eat pizza, but when I do, it's Square Pie. 
For real, though, I usually hate pizza (sue me), but the pie here is exceptional.
Don't believe the tourists, and don't be fooled by the "cheap pizza joint down the street" atmosphere! This was the best (and most expensive) pizza I've had in Philadelphia!
The crust is light and airy, yet crunchy, just how I like it. 
Yes, it took a while to make the pizza, but I figured that because of the "small batch, long fermentation dough." 
I got the Porchetta pie (roast pork, garlic, sautéed spinach, provolone, cream) and roasted potatoes.  The pie itself is not heavy on toppings. There wasn't a lot of meat. It was mostly spinach, actually, but I'm okay with that because the toppings are supposed to complement the pizza and not be the only thing you taste. If I wanted a pork dinner, I would've gone up the street a few blocks to Brauhaus Schmitz, but I wanted pizza... and Square Pie delivered (not literally. I dined in).
The second time I came I got the Pancetta (cured pork belly, roasted potato, leeks, mozzarella, cream). It was great as well. there was a fair amount of pancetta (attached picture), and it was crispy. I also got a side of meatballs, and they were incredible. They were moist and quite large. You get three.
The roasted potatoes were not crunchy (how I like them). They were soft, yet tasty. You get a good amount for $5. 
Pro tip: If you split a large with a friend, you get more square inches of pizza for your money than you would if you each got a small (a small is 64 square inches, but a large is 144). Thats over twice as much pizza! 
*Terminator voice* I'll be back. "regular voice* I'll update this as I try more pies in the future.Omg. I went here based on a recommendation from my barber. He told me that I should really check this place out for their pizza. It took me awhile to get there, but I'm glad that I did. Best pizza ever!  You have not lived until you've eaten a pizza from Square Pie in Queen Village!  Drop everything and go over a eat right now!!  If they are closed go camp out of their door until they open you won't regret it!!!!!The pizza is indeed square and so fresh and tasty ! Arrive hungry. Charred Brussel sprouts were excellent .The pizza was good the best part was the crust. We ordered a small pizza and the smoke mozzarella,taste wise everything was good. The pizza was 16.00 for small and the mozzarella was 9.00 but some how the check came up to 27.00. We did ask for a side of marinara I guess that cost 3 dollars. Also they didn't let us add topping to their signature pizza which kind of suck. Overall good product but overprice would rather have Tacconelli pizza. Good place to try once.That crust tho! 
It's crispy and chewy in texture - in all the right ways - and subtly tangy, almost buttery, in taste.
They could serve it on its own, free of any toppings, and I'd buy it.  
The sauce has just the right amount of acidity - and a little sweetness, which the salty mozzarella enhances.  
What's best, though, is the drizzle of peppery olive oil they use to finish the pie. 
That first bite, when all of those flavors come together, my senses are enhanced, time slows down , and complex mathematical equations begin to swirl about my head - like they did for Alan in the blackjack scene in The Hangover.
I've had many spiritual and intellectual breakthroughs while eating Square Pie - like this one, about preserving humanity: 
When Earth becomes uninhabitable, I'm going to colonize a (very) large mozzarella Square Pie and send it into orbit. 
We can use the giant dough bubbles in the natural landscape of the pizza crust as makeshift hibernation pods - just peel open the crispy golden dough bubble doors and curl up in the soft, warm dough bubble cocoons - leaving only to worship the pizza gods and hydrate our cheese and tomato sauce crops with the finest first press olive oils available. 
We've spent our entire lives believing that the proof is in the pudding. 
I would argue that the proof is in the pie. QEDSo delicious and the people here are so nice! The crust is AMAZING and you can't go wrong with anything on the menu. Favorite is the sausageWow! Just visited Philadelphia for the first time and stopped at this nice little pizza joint for dinner. I've been walking on this earth for 34 years and this was THE best pizza I have ever had in my ENTIRE life! So delicious! And the prices are excellent, you won't break the bank eating here. The Porchetta was perfect and full of flavor. Even the simple pepperoni pizza was absolutely magnificent, the sauce definitely stood out making it a one-of-a-kind. I would definitely eat here again whenever I come back to visit.Hands down best deep dish pizza I've ever had. 
Came here with my friend and we stopped at Bottle Shop on Passyunk Ave and got beers and then brought them with us since it's BYO. Really friendly and helpful staff. I was here when it was Cochon and the space is still the same, very cozy and simple. 
Ordered this mish-mash appetizer which was pizza crust, tomato sauce, meat, and a bunch of ingredients - so so tasty! 
I shared the large pepperoni pie with my friend and we ate half and then split it for leftovers. 
The pizza itself was so good I think I went into a different realm...and I'm currently still dreaming about it. Overall, loved it. 
I'm definitely coming back soon!Went here last night with a small party to celebrate my wife's birthday.  Not a large dining area but seating was readily available.  Ordered a salami plate appetizer with garlic bread that was surprisingly filling for the 5 of us.  The salami was thinly sliced and the bread, which had to be pulled apart as it was a single small bun, was hot & garlicky.  Ordered 3 large pies that were all excellent.  Each hot with different spicing. Only criticism was the service was slow - undoubtedly from the large takeout service they do.  Plan to go back soon.Fantastic. All of it. I was a skeptic as I'm not generally a big fan of the Sicilian style pizza but after my experience here, I've been converted. My husband and I came in on a rainy Saturday night and ordered the Soppressata (which I think was a special for that night). First off, it's BYOB so that's a bonus. Secondly, our waitress was extremely nice and attentive. Lastly, the pizza was INCREDIBLE. The flavors were just amazing and everything tasted so fresh. Don't debate this one- do it.Sorry folks, but I've never been a big fan of the deep dish pie. So, stepping through the threshold of SP, I was predisposed to not be too impressed with what they served up. Pie should be round. Crust thin. Or so I thought for 55 years culling the east coast for pies to put on the MRoP (Mount Rushmore of Pies). Already chiseled: Star Tavern, Orange, NJ; Pepe's, New Haven, CT; Joe's Pizza, Bleecker St., NYC; Maruca's, Seaside Heights, NJ. On first sampling, my rule is to always go with the unadulterated muzzi and tomato pie. Well, I'm open minded, and looks like the MRoP is getting a deep, square addition. The Square Pie crust is a revelation: crunchy, chewy, crispy, tasty, almost caramelized on the bottom. That's a crazy good crust. The sauce was nicely balanced: a little acidic (in a good way), a tad sweet, nicely seasoned, with a depth and complexity you rarely come across. If there was a weak link--and there really isn't-- it would be the cheese. Layered under the sauce, it definitely played a minor role. But, with all the other taste and textural fireworks, maybe it's good that the cheese stands alone, not drawing too much attention to itself. Conclusion: Square Pie. Be there and be square. Bonus: Square Pie reheats like a champ. I've never been as delighted by a toaster oven warmed day-old slice. That's pie squared!Not your typical pizza, Square Pie offers a thick, crispy, flavorful crust and unique, gooey toppings that make every bite delicious! Go to Square Pie! You will not be disappointed!Yum. Really great pizza. Thick crust but doesn't seem heavy. The meatballs are great as are the pastas but usually I stick to the pizzas. Nice cute atmosphere if you want to BYOI LOVE this place.  The crust is really well balanced and the topping mixes are delicious.  My wife and I prefer the salciccia while our kids (2 and 4 y.o.) love the mozzarella.  I also recommend the appetizers (e.g., arancini).  The salad (ensalata) on the menu includes marinated artichokes and pickled eggplant.  Normally that would turn me off, but I figured I would give it a try since everything else on the menu tastes so good.  Turns out, it's awesome!  
We generally order ahead, walk over and pick it up and then eat at home, but we've eaten there with our kids a few times as well.  The atmosphere is great for a BYO.  Just remember to bring some good beer or wine to enjoy with your meal.I recently moved to Philly from New Haven where I had my go-to pizza spot that I visited way too often. Needless to say, now that I'm here, I had to find a local spot. 
Square Pie is a quaint little restaurant tucked on the corner of Catharine and E. Passyunk. The pizza is delicious and very reasonably priced. It's Sicilian style and pretty thick. 
This spot is also a BYOB, which helps make me a regular at any business. The waitress held our six pack in the fridge and brought us beers when we were ready for another. Solid service!
Although the pizza is great when you get it, it's even better leftover!My new favorite pizza place in the city.  Pizza is thick but not dense.  Crust is perfectly crisp and chewy. Everything is fresh and delicious.  5 stars.I have always been a thin crust pizza guy and was hesitant to try this place. When they moved into their new location in Passyunk ave ( the former Cochon restaurant) I decided to give it a shot. WOW! Amazing Pizza!  I had the small Melanzane with tomato sauce, ricotta, olives roasted eggplant and it going to be on my list of GO-TO pizza places, Next time I am going to try the interesting selection of salads and antipasta. Nice cozy atmosphere and good service.This place is literally the best pizza I have ever had. The crust is squishy and thick and amazing, and always delicious. I do wish they had a more extensive menu but I really can't complain. I can't stop coming here.Going to make this easy for you...order the arancini and the funghi pizza. You can't go wrong here, every pizza I tried is delicious. Just know what you're getting yourself into, the pizzas are rectangular with thick crust. Even though I normally prefer thin crust I enjoy their food. The only negative comments I have are about how small they are and how early they close, especially on weekends. It's tough trying to get a table at prime time on a Friday for example, very limited seating given how popular it is.I absolutely can't say enough great things about this place. I am a huge pizza gal and this is by far the best pizza in Philly hands down. It's a great byob and my fiancé and I come here once every two weeks. We love it. The service is great they treat us like
Family and the food is outstanding. We've tried to get them to tell us there secret sauce but they won't budge  go! You won't be disappointed! Perfect place for a date night :)Big fan of their pizza, arancini and meatballs. BUT HOLY SHIT THE CUSTOMER SERVICE IS THE WORST. Employees yelling at eachother and the customers everytime we stop in.The pizza here was very good. I'd say the pizza dough was the best part. It was cooked well and had good flavor. The garlic bread however was disgusting. The garlic on it was incredibly over cooked and bitter. And they charged $3 extra dollars for a side of sauce to dip the garlic bread into! The place is cool inside but I'd say just get takeout pie if you want Sicilian but don't get the garlic bread.The absolute most delicious pizza in the city.  Square Pie should be at the top the "Best Pizza in Philly" list, numero uno! It most certainly can take Tacconelli's down a few spots. I've eaten my way through nearly all the "best pizza places" in Philly. But Square Pie's Pancetta pizza (along with any specials they create) is the only pizza truly worth any traffic jam, hurricane force winds or near death experiences you need to go through to get there!  Go there, eat, be happy, and bring everyone you love.Insanely overpriced for what you get. The large could be eaten by one high schooler. Not worth $20+ dollars at all. Ingredients were not even that particularly special or good. For being this close to the Italian market and for charging what they charge I expected way better.This place is definitely one of the best pizza places I've eaten at . Started off with the rice balls , so much favor in them , delicious ! We then got a large pie  half pepperoni , and a small eggplant pie , delicious ! Will definitely be backEnjoyed the arancini, cavatappi marinara, and sopressata pizza. The staff is friendly and attentive and the atmosphere has a genuine old Philly feel! Great red sauce - keep up the good work!Just ordered the ensalata and a pepperoni Brooklyn style pizza for takeout.  Pizza. Was one of the best I've had in Philly and the salad was also extremely good.  On top of the excellent food the service was strong.  The staff clearly wanted to make sure the entire experience was positive.   We will be regulars for sureAfter reading the glowing yelp reviews, I decided to try Square Pie. Went Saturday afternoon about 1 PM. It was a busy day in town- warm, so a lot of people out and about.
My first tip that it was a dud is that there were no people there. Totally empty. GF immediately commented. We both thought it was a bad sign, but went ahead and ordered a large cheese & tomato pie. 
We immediately dug in to try it and were sorely disappointed. Nothing- and I mean NOTHING- about the pie stood out as exceptional. If I were to pick one thing I liked, I would say the crust had a nice texture. There is nothing about the pizza there that makes it worthy of all the yelp stars. 
Either someone is massaging the yelp reviews, or a bunch of naive suburbanites are just mindlessly jumping on the bandwagon.Cute little place with a fun vibe--great for a casual pizza dinner.  Pizza crust is delicious and very filling. 
Good place for a group as it is BYOB and the pizzas are definitely shareable.My partner and I have been on a long quest to find the greatest pies in the city, and this is at the top of the list. Arancini are top-notch and covered with wonderful pesto-infused oil, and the pancetta white pie with potato and leeks is one of my top ten favorite pies of all time.  Thick crust pizza is a challenging feat...and its clear that this restaurant puts time and attention into the fermentation...resulting in a complex and surprisingly light and crunchy crust. Would recommend to anyone, even those who aren't a fan of a thicker crust!I had been wanting to try Square Pie for a while so my friends and I came with our bottle of rose in hand Sunday night. We ordered the four cheese croquettes (out of this world: delicious, creamy, smokey), the special white pie (so delicious) and the melanzzane (it was fine but did not compare to the white). The waiter was attentive and helpful. I wish they would nix the picture of the dead pigs' heads that I had to watch the entire meal.Great thicker crust pizza found in South Philadelphia. The pizza will definitely fill you up, so I recommend eating here on an empty stomach.These pizzas look small but they are mighty! I can't say enough good things about this place. The pizzas are rich, delicious, and unique. It's so hard to describe the crust, but I think I've settled on flaky and pastry-like. I love the melanzane and salciccia but you really can't go wrong. The meatballs are also great to kick the meal/food coma off.My boyfriend and I went here for dinner last night before an improv show nearby. We had planned to go elsewhere but when the menu and vibe of that place turned out to be too snooty for us, we found Square Pie on Yelp. We were so pleased -- friendly, fast service, great Brussels sprouts special done in a way neither of us had ever had before, and a delicious Sicilian style mushroom pizza that was perfect to split between two. We had to rush out for the show, and the waitress was understanding and prompt with the bill. We will be back soon. Next time we will BYO and bring friends too!Just ordered the ensalata and a pepperoni Brooklyn style pizza for takeout.  Pizza. Was one of the best I've had in Philly and the salad was also extremely good.  On top of the excellent food the service was strong.  The staff clearly wanted to make sure the entire experience was positive.   We will be regulars for sureExcellent BYOB in Queens Village, with solid thick crust pizza and pasta. They don't take reservations and the restaurant is pretty busy on weekend nights, but the food is worth the wait. I've been here a handful of times and the only complaint is that they don't have a dessert option (unless they've recently added one). All in all, love this neighborhoody pizza restaurant.Have you ever had that kind of pizza that, after you bite into it, you just want to fall to the floor and chew for a few minutes with your eyes closed?  
That's this kinda pizza.
Their pizza isn't very big but it's thick and absolutely perfect if you love the deep dish style. From it's perfectly moist crust to its just right sauce and toppings, it is just the shit. 
I'd recommend ordering it just before or after the dinner rush because they can pack in and since they're is typically one cook, it can take a bit to get your pie. Wait for it though, it's so worth it.It's about time pizza of another geometric shape got some recognition. Circle has been top dog for too long. There's a new shape in town, and its name is square.This was the single worst experience I ever had at a restaurant.  We ordered a pizza with sausage toppings and received a pizza with onions and peppers.  We said this is not what we ordered we had been here before and had no problem.  There refused to make it right.  Unless we paid for another pie. Bad customer service.  I could eat it.I was a little surprised to see only seven reviews here so far so I thought I would help out by throwing mine into the ring. We have been talking about coming here since Cochon closed and we finally got around to it over the sleepy Thanksgiving weekend. Maybe it was the amazing 90s playlist in the background of the restaurant affecting my mood but I loved this pizza. We started out with the arancini, which was a win--I liked the little sausage surprise in the middle and the overall flavor was killer. We ordered two small pies after the appetizer, which I thought was sufficient for two adults and a toddler with a hearty appetite. Our picks were the salsiccia (sausage, onion, peppers) and the pancetta (pork belly, leek, potatoes, and cream). Both great choices but I admit they were so rich I was full after just one slice of each. The crust is thick and crisped to perfection on the edges, which I loved. The restaurant itself is family friendly, for those interested--they have a box of crayons and coloring books at the door to keep your kiddos occupied for a while.The 2 times we have eaten there food was good. I do not understand a business that is half full at 6:30 and tells people no food will be available for at least 90 minutes. Thought it was a problem with the pizza oven but no pasta or salads. No one seemed to have food and staff was just standing around. As they do not take reservations I will have to cross this off as a dining destination as I will never know if food is available. If it is a problem with t/o orders then take reservations for dining. No offer to reserve a table for later. Bad business model.Pizza was really good! Square pie with good crunch on outside and nice soft, chewy inside. Sauce and toppings were good and service was really friendly! :)We were looking for a great standby for pizza.  This place had everything we wanted and while I have yet to go to the new location (literally across the street), I can say that their pizza is some of the best in the city.  I kept it simple when I went and got the pepperoni pizza and a basket of garlic bread.  The pizza crust was phenomenal and the pie itself wasn't OVERLY greasy.  I overheard the guys saying they were going to start making lasagnas (?) and if that's true, I may have to start going to the gym a little more...-Showed up right at 5pm for apps and seated right away.
-Friendly, prompt, conscientious service.
-Got the meatballs, garlic bread, arancini. Split between two people. Delicious and filling.
-Cozy atmosphere.Best pizza I have ever had in Philly. It's byob too which makes it even better!
Pepperoni pizza - deep dish perfection. The crispy flavorful crust was my favorite part. 
Meat Caveteppi Pasta - 3 big pieces of meat come with the pasta. It was very filling and delicious.I've had Square Pie for takeout on more occasions than I'd like to admit and I have no complaints whatsoever. This is thick crust, Brooklyn style pizza so if you are not a fan of thick crust, this likely won't be for you. What I like most is actually the crunchiness of the crust. I think it's sprinkled with garlic, which makes it even better. I've had the Salciccia (sausage, peppers, onions, mozz), the Pancetta (pork belly, potato, leeks, mozz, cream) and Porchetta (pork, garlic, spinach, provolone, cream). The Porchetta is hands down my favorite! The pork is cooked perfectly, it's really creamy and the spinach makes it a tad bit healthy :). 
This is not your "local pizza place" style pizza so be prepared to spend anywhere from $15-20 for a pie. But it's totally worth it. Two slices and I'm completely stuffed. 
I have not tried the pastas or other dishes and honestly, I probably won't because they're pizza is enough to keep me coming back.We went here last night and really enjoyed it.  I would recommend the sausage pizza.  I thought pepperoni but it was a little bland..but I added some Parmesan to it and that woke it up a little bit.  I liked that it was affordable, BYOB, and savory.  I wanted to give my meatball a hug.  I would recommend and I will be back.  
FYI there is a place called "The Dive Bar" that is close where you can pick up a 6 pack..most people brought bottles of wineThis place was great! The food was delicious and they even put our extra beers in the fridge to keep them cold. Not only was the pizza decadent but the appetizers were tasty as well. This place is well worth the trip!As a person that has lived in Chicago and NYC, two of the best places in the US to get a some of the best pies, Square Pie has firmly placed itself in the category of some of the best tasting pizza I've had in my LIFE!  Yes people, my entire life!  I came here for a work dinner after one of our colleagues raved about the place - and boy did they deliver.  If you enjoy a thick crust, prepare to be blown away.  Their dough is THE best seasoned dough that I've ever had.  My favorite pie?  The Porchetta.  It's a white pie made with roast pork, garlic, sautéed spinach, provolone, and cream.  And to top it off?  SOME BANGIN' hot sauce!!  There's nothing that I love more than some hot sauce with FLAVOR that just isn't hot for the sake of being hot.  Do yourself a favor, visit Square Pie ASAP.Went here last night with a small party to celebrate my wife's birthday.  Not a large dining area but seating was readily available.  Ordered a salami plate appetizer with garlic bread that was surprisingly filling for the 5 of us.  The salami was thinly sliced and the bread, which had to be pulled apart as it was a single small bun, was hot & garlicky.  Ordered 3 large pies that were all excellent.  Each hot with different spicing. Only criticism was the service was slow - undoubtedly from the large takeout service they do.  Plan to go back soon.
Returned for a second time last weekend to celebrate my wife's birthday here for the second straight year.  She loves the place and for good reason.  The service was faster than last year while the food remained every bit as good.  We had two appetizers: mozzarella sticks and a salad.  Both were great.  We had 2 large pizzas and 1 small for 5 people; although we ended up taking a lot home with us.  The pizzas couldn't have been better.  While they might not appeal to those who like really thin crust pies,  the crust was not super thick.  Both were hot and cheesy.  Will continue to count this place as one of the best pizza restaurants in town.The namesake square pies come medium or large. I was lunching with a group and we shared a large Melanzane: with mashed roasted eggplant,  punchy olives, mounds of ricotta, and a thin layer of tomato sauce ($18). The foccacia like crust might be the thickest I have had in Philly. It makes the slices extremely filling, though the dough is not dense. And while it appeared burnt, it didn't taste like it.  I was into all of it, the combo of toppings and the crust. I will be back, and I will be trying the pork belly pie. 
John was awesome and made us a pie even though it was between shifts!I came to this small casual byo pozza joint on a Friday night, and absolutely loved it. The space is small with less than 20 tables. It is essentially just a big room with a partially exposed kitchen and counter in the rear. When we arrived, there was only one table for two and it was near the door. Although it was cold out, we were hungry and took it. I wasn't cold during the meal. The server gave us menus and quickly opened our wine bottle. 
My fiancé and I ordered aracini appetizers. We also split a large pie (with sausage, peppers and onions), and cavatappi with meatballs. We knew it would be too much food for the two of us but wanted left overs for the next day. Everything was exceptionally delicious.  I was really taken aback by how flavorful the sauce, dough and everything else were. 
The aracini came out first. They were some of the best rice balls I've had in Philly. There was three to an order and came with a delicious marinara sauce.  
The pizza is so unique that it should be in its own category.  It's thick cut but not deep dish or Sicilian, though much closer to a Sicilian. The dough is a bit thinner and denser than a typical Sicilian pizza in the US.  The cheese is applied before the last layer of sauce. It initially appeared that there wasn't any cheese, but there was. There was definitely more sauce than cheese and the sauce to cheese ratio was different than most pizza I've had. The sauce was so delicious that I didn't even want more cheese. The dough had such a nice crunch and bite. It also reheated really well the following day. I cant express how much I love this pizza.  
The pasta and meatballs were also very good, though the pizza was definitely the star. I cant wait to come back here! I highly recommend this spot.Amazing. If you have not been here go NOW. I'm not even a fan of Sicilian pizza but this spot knows how to do it. The fermented dough makes all of a difference.What a cool little pizza cafe/restaurant on Passyunk. The 'square pie' pizza dough was deep, tasty and soft. The flavors from the toppings were familiar but different, rich and so enjoyable. This was after a brilliant ribs appetizer and plate of salamis, olives and garlic bread. The dozen tables were fully of couples, fours, an eight, laughing and talking over their BYOB wines and beers, making a tremendous Saturday night atmosphere. Didn't want to leave.Stopped in here on a Wednesday afternoon and had a small pepperoni pizza. One of the best pizzas I've ever had, and for what it's worth I lived in NYC for about 15 years and ate some of the best there. It's a charming little place with an old tile floor and wooden tables with red checkered tablecloths. It wasn't busy at all at that time. Do yourself a favor and treat yourself at this place. Seriously.This place makes the pizza of my pizza dreams. It's the perfect deep dish with that amazing crispy bottom and just the right amount of crust, thick but not too thick. The sauce is right on too, toppings are high quality, it's incredible. 
I ordered a small just to try it and was partly glad I did so that I didn't ever eat it, but also sad because I so badly wanted to over eat it. In the future this is the pizza I'm going to judge other pizzas by.I have eaten at the old location and have gotten take-out from the new spot a few times. Every visit has been excellent. The crust is buttery and crispy and the toppings are fresh and delicious. The sides/appetizers have been hit or miss and are a bit expensive in my opinion for what you get, but the pizza is always consistent. The melanzane and the salciccia pizzas are great...the porchetta definitely needed some salt when I ordered it though. The new location is very warm and inviting inside with an open kitchen.  While the space is still somewhat small, it is definitely more comfortable than their old location across the street. The BYOB status keeps cost down and a small pizza easily serves 2 people. I would love to see them branch out a bit and offer some different or special pizzas in the future, but for now, I cannot complain and they remain a regular on rotation in my take-out ordering line-up. Just be aware that parking in this area is very difficult to find at night...so I recommend walking or taking a cab.Me and my boyfriend are obsessed with this place! I usually like thin crust pizza but I ended up loving this thicker crusted version . Probably because it's well done so it's not doughy. Also I the salad they have there with the artichokes is literally everything! Thanks for always making quality food and friendly service!Great pizzas...probably the best in the neighborhood. Now my favorite over another decent place around 10th and Christian. They only one salad on the menu but it's excellent. They made a mistake with my order on probably the busiest night of the year and gladly refunded me after I called. Great customer service. Highly recommend this place anyone in the area.I love this pizza. It deep dish and soft crust made fresh with every oder. Can't go wrong with any pizza choice, but the potatoes, sausage, and eggplant are my favorites.Melanzane is life. I love this pizza.
I don't know why they say it's a Brooklyn-style pie when it's clearly Detroit-style, but that's pretty much their only flaw.
Pro-tip: Weeknight pizza is better than weekend pizza. Sometimes they're a tad undercooked on weekends, I think, because the crowds get huge and take-out times start to get looooong.Profanity. 
It's really the only set of words I can think of to describe how *blanking* good this pizza is. To attempt to convey the emotions you have upon eating here requires herculean effort. And as I look to the pizza gods to show me the light, I ask one simple question:
"Where's da' cheese?"
Yes, an odd question to ponder, but it's one that's consumed me for the past three days following a recent meal at Square Pie. 
The question revolves around the pepperoni pizza. It's the most awe-inspiring deep dish pie you've ever had, the crispy, crackly crust loaded high with a bright tomato sauce and beautiful circles of salami.
But somewhere beneath that surface, I swear there's cheese. You see it stretch as your teeth pull a delicious bite, you taste it lurking in the background. You KNOW it is there...but where? Invisible cheese. Yes, please.
Where's da' cheese. Indeed.
The arancini. Another feat of mankind. Beautiful, crispy rice balls with cheese and pancetta, the same tomato sauce brightening the palette and causing you to melt with each bite.
The porchetta pizza. Unctuous is a word that comes to mind. Deeply soulful pieces of pork wrapped up with broccoli rabe. The pancetta pizza, covered with (yes), big, bold squares of pancetta expertly fried to add some real bite and salt to what is otherwise a creamy journey into pizza art. What's that lurking beneath the surface? That's potatoes my friend, adding a richness and texture that otherwise wouldn't be possible.
I bow to you, Square Pie. I bow to you, again and again. For you have mastered the art of the deep dish pie.
Where's da cheese. Indeed.Such a great pizza! One of the best pizza's we've ever eaten. Cool neighborhood, that's fun to walk around. Cute little place with friendly staff. It's definitely worth the wait it takes to make the pizza.Dear chef, you are a pizza artist. This pizza is magical, like eating a dough pillow topped with the best damn ingredients available. However the service is absolutely terrible. Our waitress ignored us the entire time we were there to the point where I had to flag her down for water and then again to give her the check. I'll be back for the delicious pizza but I will definitely be ordering take out!- TIP:  Even if you're a meat eater -- try the Melazane.  Very well balanced flavors, and at first I thought the eggplant was ground sausage -- very well prepared.  
- CON:  Hours.  Closed Sunday, Monday, and by 9pm each night.
- BOTTOM LINE:  I would've tried it 6 months ago if it were open on Sundays.  But now that I have -- I'd go as far as to say it's even better than Santuccis' square pies.  And I LOVE Santuccis.One of my favorites in Philly.  The pizza is great....unlike anything else I've eaten in philly.  Just a very unique style of pizza that I could eat every night if need be.  The pasta dishes and salads are very good also.  Good place for families with kids if applicable to you.We came here after my fellow pizza loving wife suggested we search for square pizza in PHL. This was probably some of the best pizza that we have both had. Not quite deep dish, not quite thin, but square. The crust was delicious. We ordered the large pepperoni but probably could have gotten the small as there was a piece left. BYOB and nice people. Highly recommend!The best pizza I have ever had in PHL and quite possibly ever. The restaurant itself is very small and homey. Usually come here with a larger group and a couple bottles of wine and they are always accommodating! Highly recommend.MUST go here! This is the local pizza spot where everyone brings their family on the weekend. The vibe was just great. The red checkered table cloths make you feel like you are in Italy. 
The food is amazing! We got the pepperoni pizza and it was delicious. I was hesitant to come here because I love thin crust with not a lot of sauce. The thick crust was amazing. There was a little to much sauce for my liking but normal amount for normal people. The sauce was so good and that means a lot coming from someone who isn't a fan. It was cooked perfectly and crispy. I used to order santuccis but I found my new place. Can't wait to go back.
And it's BYOB, can't get much better than that!Ridiculously good pizza that is like no other in the city. As much as I hated to see Cochon go, I'll take this great spot in the neighborhood. The pizza that is essentially a roast pork sandwich on crust is unreal. The name is escaping me.Favorite pizza place in the city, I've recommended to all my friends! They have limited hours but worth it.The pizza is fantastic it is 1 inch thick. The small size is plenty, however it does heat up well. It is a bit of a wait for them to cook it and the temp is a little warm.Favorite pizza in the city - great for eat in or takeout! Highly recommend the pepperoni pizza and the insalata as an appetizer. The risotto balls are also deliciousI selfishly don't want to shine the light too bright onto Square Pie, as it is probably the best pizza in Philly.  We can debate style of pizza all day long, that's not what I'm trying to get into here, I'm simply saying that it is the most memorable pizza I think I've ever had.  
Square Pie is a nice little BYO in Queen Village that made me nostalgic for the days of my parents taking us out for pizza as kids.  The service is quick and with a great attitude.  It has a small and easy to navigate menu,  with some specialty pizzas or a make-your-own approach.  I would be remiss not to mention their pasta, sauce, or meatballs.  Their sauce is awesome, and we fight over the last meatball.  
All in all, I think it's obvious that I love this place.  I could eat here every day and am strongly considering it.I wanted to try some real Philadelphia pizza. This place was highly rated and recommended so we made the trip. Cute neighborhood spot. Nothing fancy, just a handful of tables and clearly lots of takeout happening. Friendly service. And the pizza .. oh, the pizza! Seriously some of the best of ANY kind I've ever had. The crust is an amazing cross between deep dish and hand tossed but in a square. Great sauce. Fresh toppings. I was in love with it. Whenever I'm back in Philly, I will be back. Simply amazing pizza. Highly recommended!Officially deeming this place my favorite pizza place of life. And that's no small statement. You will like this place if you like thick, chewy, bready, pan-style crust. The space inside is really homey and family-friendly, but you can also call ahead for take-out. My mouth is watering just thinking about the next time I get to eat this pizza! Do yourself a favor and go try it!Best pizza in the area, hands down! Salads are a refreshing and delicious option as well need to try the rest of the menu but I shove so much pizza in my face I don't usually have room for anything elseIf I could eat pizza every day, I would be at Square Pie all the time.  Thick Pies are right up my alley...Service is great and the small restaurant is enjoyable.  I promise this pizza is unlike anything you had before.This stuff is delicious! It's got that really good, crunchy edge crust being more like a deep dish pizza style without being too doughy and the toppings are fresh and the sauce is delicious. 
We got the fried dough which was crispy on the outside and soft and fluffy on the inside with parmesan dusted over it. So good. 
My friend got the sausage pizza and I got mushroom. A small pie is enough for two people, but I am SO excited for my leftovers. 
My husband was so jealous that we are going to go back this week. 
It gets packed- we got there around 6-6:30 on a Thursday and got a table for two people, but it filled up in no time. 
I can't wait to eat more Square Pie!The best pizza. But not a great service experience.  
I've been here three times and only been able to get pizza once.  The first time they ran out of dough by 8pm. The last time I called to order for pickup and the phone went straight to voicemail.  I don't live nearby so I thought maybe something went wrong with their phone since I'd just talked to someone about their specials 20 minutes earlier.  Called repeatedly with no answer but thought I'd try it anyway, the pizza is so good. I get there only to be told it would be an hour wait for pickup and that they disconnected the phone because the were getting too many phone orders.  They're clearly understaffed. Not the servers fault. But don't disconnect the phones! At least tell people you can't take orders.  I think Management needs to plan better for how to handle more business.