The only reason I didn't give this restaurant a 5 star rating, is because of one single pretentious waiter. As a 4 night guest at Hotel Palomar, the location of the restaurant is an obvious plus. The first night of my stay, I met a coworker in the restaurant for a cocktail. When we arrived, the host staff were busy and not available, so we just walked in. The restaurant was not too busy, so we just looked at a small table next to the bar and proceeded to take a seat. A waiter came by and I quickly asked if we could have a seat, before sitting down and told him we'd only be having cocktails. He stumbled on his reply, and in an irritated/in-convinced tone, told me "I guess it would be fine" and basically just kept walking mid sentence. My guest and I brushed it off, and started having a conversation while looking at the drink menu. To make a long story short, he was distant and we both got the "couldn't be bothered" vibe from him. When it came to the bill, we asked if it could be split due to company transaction policies, and you would have thought asked him for some inconceivable task. We basically spent the rest of our night and elevator ride to our room in shock of the rudeness we had just experienced. 
Although that situation left a bad taste in our mouth, and the night before we decided to avoid the restaurant, we decided to grab another cocktail and give this place one more try. After looking around and ensuring "last nights waiter" wasn't on shift, we walked over to the bar and started looking over the menu. Instantly, the bartender greeted us with pleasant small talk and made us feel 100% welcome. He asked about our day, recommended cocktails and was a completely genuine person. This guy (I think his name was Ben) is an absolute star! He gave us lessons on Whiskey, described how to make classic cocktails, and was 100% invested in our experience. This is exactly what a bartender at a 4/5 star establishment should be - actually he exceeds that. He was kind, funny, friendly and completely redeemed this restaurant/bar from our terrible experience the night before. 
I also ordered room service last night from this restaurant, and it was amazing. The bacon wrapped dates and chocolate cake are to die for! Great restaurant and amazing bartender(s). Too bad one bad egg could have spoiled this experience.was here twice -- first for a nightcap at the bar -- the drinks really were some good stuff and i tried a the lemon hummus and pita -- that was the best hummus ive ever had!
the next morning we came in for brunch, which was pretty much terrible. first of all, it took us 45 minutes to get our food for brunch....and it came out cold and we found a hair. the manager did comp our check though. overall, the bar is great, but i would skip breakfast. what a disappointment for a kimpton restaurant.Square 1682 is a hotel bar I frequent. I've been there for lunch, brunch, dinner and happy hour. The food is great, the service is excellent, and the space is upscale. There is always a nice group of people that go there. Whether they are staying at the hotel or live or work in the area, you'll always find someone nice to chat with at the bar. The very best thing about the bar is the bartender that works on Mondays. His name is Dan and he is the man! He's my favorite bartender in the city and I've been to a lot of places. He always knows just what I want and remembers my name when I go there. The only reason I go to Square 1682 on Monday's is because Dan is working. If I walk by and he's not on, I keep going. He's that good! Love him and have so many great memories at this fine establishment.The hubs and I met here last night for drinks per the suggestion of our yelper peers.
The atmosphere was fantastic. The bartenders were nice, the hostesses took our coats immeadiately and it wasn't as pretentious as they'd like you to believe it is. I love the columns of gold links on either side of the bar. I commented to my husband that I wanted a bracelet that looked like the links.
We stayed for two drinks and left fairly drunk. Hubs had two old fashioneds which were out of this world (and Im not usually a brown liquor kind of girl) and I had the grapefruit vesper: Gin, Ruby Red Absolut and Lillet. It was amazing. The bartenders were very attentive and nice, doing the rounds to make sure that we didn't have an empty glass and chatting about how the drinks tasted, etc.
I will probably go back here...but the prices were kind of high. $46 for four drinks...eek
xoOn this most-recent visit to Square 1682, we noticed the menu changed, removing my main draw to the restaurant: the black bean burger. The falafel sandwich that took its place was served on a rather hard bun, rather than traditional pita, which smushed the falafel as you ate and generally overwhelmed the flavors of the tzatziki sauce. (There are plenty of delicious falafel spots in the area that quite simply do it better.)
The drop in rating comes from the "Express Lunch" taking 45 minutes to get to the table (we had 8 people, most of whom ordered the Express Lunch, assuming it would be quicker than the regular menu). 45 minutes is not express and not at all useful when lunching on a time limit. It would've been nice if the server had noted that because Express Lunches are served all 3 courses together, they do not come out as prepared (they're held under a heating lamp till all pieces are ready) and therefore it might be faster for a large group to order off the regular menu. We saw other groups (including some of our colleagues) come and go in the time it took for us to get our food.
I still like the space, as it's quieter than many restaurants, so you can hear one another more easily, but this latest experience took a hit on my recommending it for future meals. A tiny peeve: the "giant cookie" was regular-sized (small?) and fine, for oatmeal raisin.Phenomenal brunch experience. The poached eggs on buttermilk biscuits and pork confit was delightful and just the right size. The service was impeccable-- friendly and watchful. My orange juice and water were regularly filled! They had live jazz during weekend brunch, and the restaurant is beautiful and cozy.
While the menu is small and can be uncreative, the food is high quality and decently priced for Rittenhouse Square ($12 for the above mentioned plate and $3 for OJ). 
All in all, a good experience.If you get nothing else on the menu, you must try the bacon wrapped dates.  They are savory with just a touch of sweet and snuggled into a yummy sauce with finely chopped roasted red peppers on the side.  Every bite was gorgeous.  I also had the butternut squash soup, which was very tasty and large enough to be filling on its own.  Then, I also added in some deviled eggs.  They were good, but spicier than I would have thought.  What made them spectacular was the little bit of crispy duck skin on top.  It made the whole dish come together.  We also sent our waitress back no less than 4 times to answer questions about the menu, and she was always happy to check for us.Happen upon this location in search of a post New Year Eve breakfast.  Even w/o reservations we were seated almost immediately. Party of 4 ordered pancakes, eggs and frittata all which were good, problem was the service. Two in our party received their food the other two did not. Nothing worse than half the table getting their food while the others have to wait!!!  Folks w/o food say " go ahead, don't wait". In my opinion this is just about the worst thing a restaurant could do to a guest.  Despite the food being good the type of service we received during our visit caused us to have a poor dining experience.  Unfortunately we left the location vowing never to return.  Please 1682 work on this issue, it's important and has a huge impact on the customer experience. Food get 4 stars, service gets 1.** REVIEW BASED ON BAR ONLY **
The feel of this trendy spot is very posh, but works well and has a great energy to it. The prices are reasonable, and the beer selection although not extensive, is very well selected. (A trend of Kimpton hotel restaurants). 
The problem for me was the service. Although upon being flagged, the staff was friendly and proficient, there was very little initiative. There needs to be a happy medium of attentiveness, but not too the point where annoyance or over-bearing takes effect.
The truffle popcorn was good, but the butter wasn't very well distributed. Each small handful had a different taste. The pork confit quesadillas were very impressive, and were accompanied with a smokey chipotle dipper that really maximized the taste of the confit.If you're into the trendy places you'll really like this. However if you're just looking for a good meal and not to brag about what you ate the next day to everyone; you should probably take a pass.
I think the menu must have changed dramatically because it does not match some of the other reviews. I went for lunch but they accidently left me with a dinner menu and there was no "beer and a burger" kind of options. 
This place is very trendy and nice but requires a very exquisite palette for enjoyment. The lunch menu I was presented with had one option which I was interested in and that was the People's Choice Cheesesteak.
The sandwhich was small but very tasty and they did overload me with some home made chips. It cost me about $11.
Personally when I think of the "American (New)" catagory I think of crazy out of this menu items that you may want to try. But also remixes of old classics as well. Like you do something amazing with Tomato Soup or a Cheeseburger with Free Range beef and some spices I've never heard of from an island I didn't know existed. I can't really fault them for that, but if what I ate was any kind of indication of the quality of the food; the price does not match the portion and quality.This place is incredibly pricey $14 for a Moscow Mule? Especially one that was very week just tastes like ginger beer it was not enjoyable at all. Our bartender was nice but he kept touching his hair and then proceeded to grab ice with his bare hands and put that in customers glasses (really!) total disappointment especially because we love this hotel!!!We stayed at the Palomar Hotel and stopped by for a drink one night. Very pleasant and our waitress (I think Sasha) was very nice and accommodating.
We stopped by the next day for an afternoon drink and decided to make reservations for dinner that evening. 
We asked our server if we could have the same table ( nice window seat) we were seated, and she said "of course."  We left a nice, appreciative tip. 
Two hours later we arrived for dinner. Place about 1/3 full and of course the table we'd requested was filled. That was disappointing, but not as disappointing as dinner. Calamari was pretty rubbery, entrees just so-so. Server was mediocre. Never came by to refill wine or water but did have time to watch the big screen TV. 
A generous three stars- only because of our first experience.I went to Square 1682 during restaurant week with a group of colleagues. We chose it because it had a vegetarian entree. The atmosphere is definatly chic and modern. We were seated upstairs and was lead up a beautiful open staircase that ended in a warm and stylish dining room. Open, high ceilings and an amazing glass front wine cabinet. The food was tasty. I instantly fell in love with the butternut squash soup. The vegetable lasagna was a surprising treat. Thin layers of zucchini & portabello served on couscous. Dessert was ok. Tasty and light, but good. I had the peach brown butter tart. Overall a good experience. I will return for dinner with the hubby.Everything was phenomenal! Sasha was our waitress this evening she is warm and inviting! The owner chris is also extremely nice and professional!Accommodations were made due to allergies and everything was overall perfect! I highly, highly recommend! We will definitely be back for our 4th year anniversary! thank you for a wonderful evening!Amazing food! Great service! Loved David, great waiter. Must try the bacon wrapped dates. 
We will be back.To preface, I would have given a higher star rating if I had not gotten food poisoning from this place! (I was vomiting pretty bad about 5 hours after the meal, and my boyfriend didn't vomit but he had a very upset stomach and dry heaved for a bit). We think it may have been the calamari or the sauce perhaps (was the only thing we shared besides the dessert).
Location: easy to get to, connected to the Hotel Palomar, nice area
Ambiance: very nice, servers are attentive, there's a nice bar area, good lighting
Food:
Wine: your average wine, a little steep for the quality you get however
Appetizer: we had the fried calamari, which were OK, the sauce was good, I liked the fried jalapeno slices that were in the dish. Quite a bit of the pieces were actually just fried breading and not the calamari itself. Pretty good appetizer portion for 2 - 3 people, I would think
Bread basket:
warm and tasty! a good combination of different breads. Enjoyed it very much!
Entrees:
I had the vegetarian option, which was the summer cavatelli, a pasta dish. It was tasty, a bit heavy on the balsamic vinegar. I did like the tomatoes and the nice mushrooms that were in it. The pasta was a bit too al dente, but still pretty good
My boyfriend had the duck entree. He said the duck meat was tasty, but the amount was very small. Also, he was a bit put off with the combination of tastes (duck was on top of an egg-omlette thing, and next to it was a potato thing. He really enjoyed the potato, and I tried that and it was quite good. It was like scalloped potatoes but after they cut it into slices they put it all back into a potato shape. It was pretty unique and very tasty. If you're into combination of totally different flavors, this would probably work for you
Dessert:
we had the peach/blackberry cobbler w/ ice cream, and it was superb! the cobbler was warm and delicious, the bread part was very good, and the cold ice cream complemented everything perfectly. It was also a very large cobbler! Definitely good to share. Would highly recommend
Overall, the food was probably 3.5 stars, service was 4 - 4.5 stars, what knocked it down was that I got sick afterwards :-/Teetering towards a 3, but chalked up issues with execution to the constraints of Restaurant Week. 
~~~~~~~~~~~~
Restaurant Week's first pass for 2015 starts on January 18th. One place to consider is Square 1682 - which underwent a bit of an overhaul over the past 2 years under the helm of Chef Caitlyn Mateo. Square 1682 is located in Rittenhouse, within the swanky Hotel Palomar. The atmosphere is sleek, with several high-top tables throughout, as well as a 2nd floor that is slightly more formal.
For the January 2014 RW, the GF and I stopped by along with one of our friends. 
Texan's Mule [$10]
Tito's vodka, ginger beer, gingery syrup, lime juice
This take on the Moscow mule was served with one of my favorite small batch vodkas - Tito's. This iteration of the drink was perfect for the GF, not overly sweet, with great ginger essence.
Classic Bizzy Izzy Highball [$11]
Rittenhouse rye, Dios Baco amontillado, pineapple juice, lemon juice, Agnostura aromatic bitters
Rittenhouse rye tends to speak to me and this didn't disappoint. The whiskey was nicely balanced by the sherry. With the bitters on the forefront and the drink had a nice citrus finish, this was easy drinking.
Bread Service
Dinner started off with a nice spread of crispy, salty sesame lovash, sourdough, and rosemary focaccia. A big pet peeve of mine though? Cold butter - what is the point if you can't spread it?
Restaurant Week Dinner [$35 pp]
As is usually the case - restaurant week dinners are on offer for $35 per person - usually for 3-4 courses. 
Carrot Soup 
The GF and our friend both ordered the carrot soup, which had nice depth and sweetness. The charred brussels sprouts and bacon brought forth balance and created a wonderful spoonful.
Lancaster Duck Toast 
Lingonberry mustard, buttermilk toast 
I went with the duck dish, which featured shredded Lancaster duck and frisee on a toast point. The ligonberry mustard sauce brought out some brightness to each bite, though I wished for some more of the duck flavor.
Bacon Wrapped Dates [$9]
Local goat cheese, piquillo peppers, stone ground mustard vinaigrette  
Feeling a bit peckish despite the first course and two more to come, I ordered the ubiquitous bacon-wrapped dates an a la carte. The bacon was nicely crisp, with the tang of the goat cheese balanced nicely by the sweetness of the dates. The piquillo peppers and mustard vinaigrette offered some acidity and brightness through the heft of the bacon.
Truffle Popcorn [$4]
Truffle butter, citric salt 
The oft-lauded truffle popcorn here had to be tried. The truffle essence definitely emanated through, though the citric salt added the sour salt taste that really made it for me.
Amish Chicken Breast
Beet fettuccine, cauliflower, autumn apples 
For mains, the GF and our friend opted for the tender chicken breast, which was well-seasoned. The beet fettuccine was interesting and had a subtle sweetness. The crisp apples brought fresh tartness that was balanced by the bitter greens and the lightly charred cauliflower.
Custom Blend Burger + Quail Egg [$1 supp]
Smoked portabella, Lancaster cheddar, garlic Parmesan fries
I had the burger and added a quail egg for a dollar supplement. I requested it medium-rare, though it came out medium and overall, the beef was a bit dry and lacked seasoning. The tomato was a bit mealy as well. The fries were decent, though the chipotle aioli was a bit watery. Disappointing overall - should've went with the lamb short ribs. 
Chef's Selection of Sorbet
Desserts fared better though. We had a great selection of sorbets including apple cider, raspberry honey, and hazelnut espresso served with strawberries and blueberries interspersed between. A light and refreshing palate cleanser. 
Butterscotch Cake 
Mascarpone cream, apple caramel  
The cake was buttery, with rich butterscotch essence. The mascarone cream was nicely light and the apple caramel brought some sweetness to each bite.
White Chocolate Bread Pudding 
Dark chocolate gelato
The bread pudding was nicely moist and oozing with sweet intensity. The white chocolate seemed a bit lost, but combined with the dark chocolate gelato, each bite was a sweet ending indeed.
Service was alright, but seemed a bit aloof and uninformed. In fact, they took our bread basket and plates a few minutes after dropping it on our table. We had to flag down the staff to figure out what sorbets were on offer as well. 
Still, the food at Square 1682 has definitely become more creative 3 years back. While a few dishes could have been executed better, I'll chalk that up to the perils of restaurant week.Good in my book. When you are too exhausted to go 'out' when staying at this adjacent hotel, but still want to be social, this is it.  Has Chimay, great creative bar food, interesting clientele, and bartenders friendly and on top of things.
Things I've had on my many visits here.  And areAwesome
-Lobster pot pie.  OMG
-The burger is ridiculously fresh.  Can't put in words how damn good it is.
-The garlic fries. Just make sure who you are with eats them too- so you are 'even.' hehehe
-Bacon wrapped dates.  Holy shit.  Have with a Chimay.  P:erfect/I had the chance to have dinner at Square on a Friday night and it was a great experience.  I was a few minutes late for my reservation and when I called to inform the hostess, she was so nice about it.  She even thanked me for calling once I finally got to the restaurant.  Let's talk dining room and decor... honestly I don't remember.  The place was nice and is part of the lobby of Hotel Palomar, but it wasn't nice enough for anything to stand out in my mind.  What I do remember is the maze I had to go through to use the restroom.  Since it is part of the hotel, the diners use the hotel facilities and it's a bit of a walk, but I lived so not the biggest deal.  After I was seated I looked through the drink menu and ordered the Fake/Fake.  It was nice and ginger-y.  I could've eaten 10 of the candied ginger pieces if they had given it to me.  While waiting to order I was brought a complimentary bowl of their truffle popcorn.  How fancy was that!  I usually hate popcorn, but I ate that one.  It had truffles in it!  
My meal was pretty fantastic.  I started with the Kale Cesar salad and it was delicious.  I don't usually eat vegetables, but I would definitely eat that salad again.  It was way more interesting than eating a Cesar salad with romaine lettuce.  For my entree I had the lamb short ribs with the cheddar cheese grits.  Can we say YUM!  The meat was cooked to the point where it jumped off the bone and the grits... more please.  The dish also came with broccoli, eh.  It's a basic vegetable, so... yeah.  I ended my meal with the white chocolate bread pudding with a tiny scoop of chocolate semi-fredo.  What a perfect way to end a meal; not to heavy and not too sweet.  
Aside from the yummy food, what sold me on Square was the service.  This place had some of the BEST service I've ever experienced in a restaurant.  Our server, David, was AWESOME!  As many times we talked to him about something, he never seemed annoyed or bothered.  He, and the other members of the waitstaff, made it a pleasure to be there and I will definitely be back.What a great spot!! Could not get in for dinner first night in Philly as line was out the door. Came in for breakfast....back to back!!!! Super fresh foods, great coffee! Service the best! Cindy is a lot of fun and super nice!!! 
Going to be a regular visit on every stop in Philly. Ordered off the menu for a custom eggwhite omelet... Super accommodating...highly recommendHi Caitlin, 
Thank you for your reply.  I appreciate your attention to the issues. I forgot to mention the name of the waitress that was so rude and unwelcoming.  Her name is Erin. 
Best,
Mariza.We went for lunch yesterday during restaurant week.  It's a nice little restaurant. We ate upstairs.  We both ordered a merlot. I liked that they gave us more than 2 sips of wine in our glass, unlike so many other places in the city. During restaurant week, you get an appetizer, an entree and dessert for $20 at lunchtime. I ordered the vegetable quesadillas.  They were delicious, but rather filling.  I had to take my entree with me to go.  I ordered the bbq pulled pork sandwich which came with garlic fries. I ate them for lunch today, and they were delicious.  My friend ordered the salmon. I tried a bite and it was very good.  I ordered the apple cobbler for dessert.  It was good, but the apples were undercooked and still hard.  My friend got the chocolate mousse and said it was ok.  All in all, it was a pretty good meal.  Service was good, even though they were very crowded.Carafes of mimosa, raw juices, awesome frittatas and decent environs.  This hotel-like lobby dining is good to above average but in a super area for shopping, cafes, parks, etc. so that makes it hard to beat.I was really iffy about coming here in the beginning... I just wasn't sure... but there hummus appetizer is really good 
I don't really think I had a great meal but overall the experience was a lot of fun I came here for reunion with two of my friends from college and we were able to sit and drink in and just have a blast in and have good service which is something that I really look for!Came here for an event. service was good. Drinks for happy hour were standard wine or lager. Food seemed interesting... but it was tastier in print then actuality. Truffle popcorn for example was nothing more than stale popcorn and some cheap truffle oil. Would go back to try their dinner menu though.  Maybe its just the apps that are forced?I went here for restaurant week because I live in the area and always pass by. I definetly considered it more of a hotel restaurant, but it was wonderful! I would absolutely go back. It was a different menu because of restaurant week, but my entree of salmon over quinoa and veggies was one of hte best I've ever had!! I was so full but I had to finish it. They were also running a special for restaurant week where bottles of wine were $35, which i pretty decent for a more upscale place. The staff was very friendly, only issue was we could not find hte hostess for awhile to get seated. But I think she had ran in the back, and they apologized. Overall great inventive take on traditional cuisine. Loved it and cant wait to go back.We are guests at the hotel so decided to have dinner here last night. I ordered the Amish chicken and my husband had the pork chop. Not bad not good either. Seemed something a first year chef would have served up. Service was ok. Cocktail menu needs reviewing. All in all I would "possibly" eat there again but I would not recommend it.Wow, found this place looking for brunch near Rittenhouse Square. The staff are friendly, the coffee amazing.  My friend mentioned their popcorn and we found out that they only serve it at lunch. I am from Massachusetts, so I won't be able to come back, but they brought some popcorn out!!! And the smoked salmon eggs Benedict were delicious!Listen, I hate to be the bearer of bad news, but excuse me Hotel Palomar...banners are for Science Museums and the like...not for Kimpton hotels. 
Rewind...
I was walking to a little meeting down 17th street and I look up and in my face I see "HOTEL PALOMAR" on a plastic banner vertically hanging from the hotel. EW. Guess what Hotel Palomar? People know you're there...or at the least the people who you want in your establishment know you are there! This isn't like "THE HUMAN BODY" at the Franklin Institute. How many hotels have you seen with a plastic banner? Probably zero (unless you include the days inn in portland maine, but honestly...) 
UGH. It made me so angry that I had to give it a demerit. Maybe they need a new marketing director. 
xoWhat an amazing experience from the time we walked in to the last cosmo. Great service, awesome atmosphere, delightful food, strong tasty drinks, and finally one of the best creme brûlée!!!I have debated posting this review since Mother's Day ( month ago). I want to be fair, but gnawing at my gut is the overall poor food experience I had there. 
Of course I wanted something special for my mother on this day, so I gathered my siblings and their families and selected 3 places to attempt to get reservations. One was at the William Penn Inn, the other Route 6. I scoured the reviews and menus and decided Square 1682 was the best option. 
Square was super accommodating  with my large party of 12 and the customer service was outstanding. I canceled the reservation with the two other places and banked on Square delivering a great day. That was a mistake. 
Positive: The manager, staff, hostess, waitresses were super sweet. 
The mimosas were the best think i consumed that dining experience
Two  items were comped
Con's:
Two of our orders were mixed up ( another waitress took the ticket), so 10 of us ate while two of us watched. The late food arrived about 15 mins later. 
The prime rib sandwich was skimpy, grossly over cooked, and barely edible. I have had a LOT of prime rib in my life, this was thin and crunchy. It was served with a tiny bit of sauce on a firm fancy roll. My mother ordered the same and the disappointment on her face was awful. The others at the table had a variety of underwhelming dishes. No one was satisfied, but everyone was polite. I was crushed. 
There were a total of 5 mothers in that bunch and there was absolutely nothing special about it.  It was a nice room, the staff was nice, but it was one of the WORST dining experiences I have had in Philly.
I REALLY regret booking this place. We spent hundreds of dollars and everyone left a little quiet and disappointed. As a matter of fact my mother later confided she was STARVING after we left. 
I understand holiday restaurant service is maddening, but IMO this place was not properly staffed, nor prepared to handle providing good food on a special day. I would NEVER recommend someone come to this establishment. I wish I had chose one of the other places. 
Next year I'm #teamSomewhereElse! I don't mind paying the money, if I leave with a smile on my face. 
No smiley face here....My gf and I were told by the hostess that they were open until 2am. We ordered fries then after they were put in and given to us, we were told they were having a bar clean. The bartender just came around and announced last call at 11:43pm. No sign was posted on the door, nor was it locked preventing any customers from entering. Needless to say that this will be the last time we visit this bar for drinks. Horrible notice. Anyone visiting might want to call to verify when the next "bar clean" will be. The bartender was very rude to customers who arrived after last call, rolling her eyes after an order and seeming to be disgusted when two women arrived.The food, drinks, and ambience was amazing. I ate the salmon, hummus, and mashed potatoes and all three were delicious.My husband and I stayed at the lovely Palomar hotel in Philadelphia and went to the bar a couple of times.  We were unable to make it for happy hour because we were out exploring the city, but it offered some great deals.  We did have a drink here at the bar where we had Dan.  He was a fantastic bartender.  We ordered a classic blinker and a classic boulevardier.  Both strong and tasty, just how I like my drinks.  He was a great mixologist, as well as a lovely conversationist.  He gave us suggestions on places to go while we were there.  He was so friendly.  I also grabbed a coffee after a long day of walking around, and the bar manager was so kind and got me a coffee. If we lived in Philadelphia we would most definitely eat and have drinks here often,  for we have come to learn that the bars/restaurants that are attached to Kimpton hotels are usually stellar.  We have one here and in Alexandria that we enjoy. 
Kudos to this place, it was  just lovely.Unfortunately a sad disappointment for a Sunday brunch. First time here after hearing this was a great place to come to enjoy a Sunday morning. The option to sit outside, sounded amazing however, we were left neglected. Waiting for along time for drinks, (approx. a 1/2 hour) food and service. For the price, atmosphere and service was not worth the effort to plan a Sunday here. Let alone, when leaving the restaurant was bare inside. Not sure, with the excuse they were short staffed by the server, where everyone was during our dining experience, not even apologetic nor a manger to come to check on the experience. Next Sunday, will be dining and recommending other options for a Sunday brunch.Came here for restaurant week. Everything was delicious! Had the dipping trio for an appetizer and tasted my friend's calamari. Both were great. I had the duck over truffled duck egg (which was like a thin egg crepe). It was perfect. Not fatty at all and very flavorful. I had the bread pudding with s'more gelato for dessert and tasted my friend's pear tarte. Although I barely had room to eat it, both were excellent. The atmosphere was sophisticated yet calming. I will definetely come back for dinner.I came here on a whim after taking my dog to Schukyll River dog park.  I'd been wanting to check this place out for a while, as I'd heard they were very dog-friendly here and were even developing a special menu for dogs.  I asked the hostess if the dog menu was out yet - it wasn't, but after checking, the hostess said the chef would be able to whip something up for her.  
This alone made me want to come back, as I like to patronize places that welcome dogs, but the food was SO good  I was by myself (exept for my dog) so didn't order an appetizer, but I got the burger, which came with parmesan fries and a garlic aioli.  The burger was the best I've ever had - great quality meat, uicy & perfectly seasoned, and it came with mushrooms on it, which I normally don't like on a burger, but they were phenomenal on this burger.  You can also order it with a quail egg on top, which I think I'll try the next time I get the burger.  The fries were delicious, thin & cripsy, and I could've eaten the aioli with a spoon, it was so good.  My dog's meal (chicken & rice, with an egg on top) came out after I was almost finished, but hey, she's a dog, and she didn't mind getting tidbits of the burger while waiting.  I'd forgotten I wanted to try the truffle popcorn, so I asked for a little container to go, and they accommodated. I tried some when I got home; at first I didn't think I liked it, seemed a bit sour or something.  But the next day I tried it again and couldn't stop eating it, so apparently I liked it.  
Service was a little slow; I kept having to ask someone to get my waitress, but I didn't really mind as I was resting up from the long walk, and she was very friendly.  Can't wait to come back again and try the other food (although I just might weaken and get the burger again!), but I'll probably wait a few weeks, when hopefully the dog menu is out.The service was slow. Waitress was nice but seemed frustrated at times. She took a while to ask (or even offer) if we wanted another drink.
The bacon wrapped figs were GREAT! Didn't have devil eggs but we're very tasty according to my teammates.
I'm providing a four-star rating for the food because it was truly outstanding I would provide two stars for the overall service because it was just so slow and it did not seem as if there  was adequate staff for the dinner rush. 
I recall having a beef dish which was outstanding and their entire menu had great selections and it was quite difficult to decide on which one. The wine list was very impressive along with the extensive cocktail list. If I ever had the opportunity to go back I would definitely revisit this restaurantCame here for lunch this afternoon..  We started with the house-smoked salmon, which was delightful.  Dining companion had the short rib sandwich with horseradish cream and watercress.  She definitely won the entree contest.  The horseradish was the perfect balance to the rich short rib, watercress was fresh and crunchy, bread was,if not fresh baked, delivered from someone who knows what they're doing.  Served with purple potato chips and house-made pickle (which was also awesome.
I had the skirt steak with ratatouille and semolina cake.  Can't remember the description of the dish perfectly now, but I assume they must have said something about sauce.  Sauce.  So much sauce.  I'm sure it wasn't just straight up A-1 or whatever, but it wasn't much of an improvement on that sort of generic steak-sauce-y taste.  And there was way too much of it.  
On the plus side.. this is a new place.  Apparently the lunch menu just started next week or something.  If the short rib sandwich is any indication, there's definitely some potential here.  The bar menu is also supposed to start soon, and there were a few dishes there that sound like they'll be contenders.  Crispy maitake mushrooms in particular...  Also, service was good, bartender was informed about the menu and attentive.I moved to Philadelphia almost six months ago and had not read or heard a word about this place.  I pass it several times a week and finally decided it was time to try it.  I was not disappointed.  
It was one of the top 10 meals I've had since moving here, and I eat out a lot.  I shared four small plates with one other person and we each had two drinks.   I really enjoyed the south american shrimp, the tuna tostadas, and the bacon-wrapped dates.  The ingredients were very fresh, the dishes were well-plated, and the flavor combinations were great.  We also had the serrano ham, which I enjoyed, but it wasn't quite what I was expecting (the ham arrived atop crutons--but who can really complaint about wonderfully salty serrano ham?).  Everything was reasonably priced.  And the end of the meal came with a bonus: because it was national chocolate lovers' day, we were each given a small chocolate dessert at the end of our meal. 
I was also impressed with the service.  Our waitress knew everything on the menu by heart, gave us great recommendations, and was attentive but not overbearing.   
I'd recommend the food at this place place to anyone, but it has a too-cool-for-school vibe that might be off-putting to some, and I can understand how the restaurant could feel very crowded if there were a lot of people there (not my experience, but other reveiwers seem to complain about the lack of personal space). 
Overall, I was incredibly pleased.I went this past week and had dinner there.  My friend heard it on the ABC New Year's show about what will be in for 2010 and this place was mentioned so we figured we'd try it out.  
The hotel is very beautiful and super modern.  Same aesthetic as W Hotel but a little more upscale and design taken to a bit higher level.  Square 1682 is upstairs from the bar, in a cozy dining area with very attentive servers.
We split the small seafood sampler appetizer--I've never, since I only started eating seafood 2 years ago--had crab legs in their shells and some of the other items...all very tasty absent the oysters, which I just don't like in general.  My friend who loves oysters and is much more of a seafood expert said a price of $45 for the amount and quality was a really, really good deal.  
I then had the striped bass with root vegetables...fantastic.  The best bass I've had to date and the balance between the bass' flavor and the sweet root vegetables was definitely appreciated.  My friend got the salmon and said it was buttery and perfect...which was accompanied by the duck fat fries I trusted were delicious.
We each tried a few cocktails--each were interesting like my friend's bell pepper cocktail, which was mild with a bit of a kick.  
We split one of the unusual desserts...we had cranberry upside down cake with goat cheese ice cream.  Again, the mix between the two was divine and the right choice.  Either item alone was good but together balanced each flavor out.  I loved the real cranberries throughout.  
Excellent experience and reasonable bill for what we got.This is a restaurant/bar that is part of the hotel. The menu is small and doesn't have a lot of options but they have an extensive drink menu. Personally, the food is significantly overpriced, especially the half chicken entree. However, the food was flavorful and delicious. I think this is a great place for anyone who doesn't mind spending money and wants to enjoy a good meal and drinks. 
The mussels were delicious and a good amount for the price. The fingerling potatoes were a little dry but still yummy. The waitress was very attentive.Square 1682 assisted our company in our restaurant buyout during a busy conference week in April. Amy Binder and her team went out of their way to accommodate unusual event requests, the service was amazing and the food was delicious. It was an all round great event and we received many positive reviews from clients and colleagues.Been here twice and on my second trip, i dont know what happened. We got there a little before the reservations (7:15p) and put in one app within 15 mins of being seated (i was with a friend from out of town who took his time looking through the menu - fine). we place our dinners another 15mins later. We had a good time chatting, but was also really hungry, so we checked the time and noticed that it was almost 8:15pm. Where is our food? we asked the waitress who informed us that they're plating the dishes currently. Did they forget our dishes? 
I think a manager dropped off our dishes, who apolgoized for the delay, which we accepted, but would've been nice to be notified beforehand. I ordered the NY strip and my friend ordered the amish chicken, which both seemed a little over cooked. The collard greens was good, but lacked a little something extra since my first visit. I like the food and would be back, but a little more communications in the hiccup of food delivery would be appreciated.I went to Square with a few friends as a next day post-party brunch.  They are situated in a nice open space off of a hotel in the city.  
The staff seemed like they were still getting established.  The host didn't know we had a reservation, but we were seated quickly nonetheless.  We were waited on by a few servers, and they were all very nice.  I'm big on always having ice water, as I drink so much while dining, so I was disappointed that we were only tended to a couple times throughout the meal.  On to the food... it was pretty good.  I ordered the Crabby dish which is an eggs Benedict served with blue crab.  It was very tasty, though the amount of crab on the plate was lame.  Two tiny claws for $14.  My friend's meals were also overpriced for what they received, in my opinion.  In the end, nothing really wowed me.
Almost forgot to mention the Bloody Mary. This is what I would come back for.  It definitely hit the spot and was made perfectly.Decent dinner options and a good choice of drinks.
Make sure you get the truffle popcorn.Great, great, great. 
Breakfast, Lunch and Dinner. 
Stayed at hotel and ate all my meals here. 
Salmon was perfect, breakfast was very good, had the porridge. 
Very nice Burger and Salmon salad for lunch. 
Service is very good. 
At night it's a bar scene, at least Friday was, Saturday lunch was more subdued. 
Good choice.I truly enjoyed dining at Square 1682. The complimentary truffle popcorn was delicious and the shrimp lettuce cups were a great appetizer, bearing out the calamari we ordered which was a bit too salty and over fried. 
My entree was delicious. The halibut was cooked perfectly and had nice vegetable compliments. My date's Amish chicken almost melted in my mouth and I was jealous I didn't get to eat more of his dish! 
The restaurant comped us a free cheesecake dessert with panna cotta and that was absolutely exquisite. The tart berries truly made that dessert one of the best I've had in a long time. The pumpkin bread pudding was different than what I'm accustomed to and not as moist as I would have hoped for seeing as bread pudding is my favorite dessert. 
Our waitress also left something to be desired as she was a bit clumsy, bumping into our table on occasion and knocking my purse off the chair. She also forgot the specials of the evening and mispronounced a few dishes which surprised me considering the caliber of restaurant. 
I really appreciated the attention of some of the other waiters and the chef asking how we enjoyed everything and wishing me a happy anniversary. I'm an attention whore so the free dessert and attention of the restaurant staff are what bumps Square 1682 from 3 to 4 stars for me. 
Overall, we had a great experience and would consider coming back.Have since recommended Square 1682 to multiple diners for business lunches, all of whom have thanked me heartily for the recommendation. Whew! Glad it continues to deliver on the lunch front.
Dined for dinner for the first time with a group of 10, many from out of state and a few of whom had food allergies (celiac/gluten-free) and restrictions (vegan/vegetarian) and all of whom were able to find something to enjoy (e.g., ask for the popcorn appetizer with the bread basket). Was so pleased that I was able to order the black-bean-burger for dinner, which was as tasty as I recalled it being. This time it came with white-potato fries instead of sweet, which were perfectly cooked and slightly addictive (the aioli was spot-on again!).great food.  they can customize a vegan dish. great service. great cocktails. i like this place a lot!Poor experience for Sunday brunch. Staying at Palomar Hotel, so arrived early, at 800 a.m., and restaurant was empty. Still had 3 different waiters and had to wait 10 minutes for a coffee refill. Green Eggs and Ham omelette was good, but was presented with huge portion of greasy home fries that dwarfed the omelette, and not even a piece of toast. My wife ordered the yogurt parfait, which was good. But bagel was bready and oversized. Philly has good bagels; Square 1682 does not. If this restaurant focused on food quality instead of volume, and hired more staff, might be a good experience. Currently, is a very disappointing brunch experience.I've only been here a few times, but boy do I always pick the right thing to order. Calamari, calamari, calamari. It's divine. Also, I always seem to get the same two male bartenders who are just fantastic and always up for a great chat. They're both the hip, cool, super intelligent at making cocktails type if you ever want to track them down.If you have not came here for food yet, please make the effort and try this place.  I had my birthday party here and I couldn't be happier. They gave us a nice, HUGE private room for no extra charge. our own attentive waitress, and the party planner (Joan) & chef even came in to talk to us! We felt like true VIP's and had a great time
Now the food: we had 15 people so we thought, what the heck, let's order ALL the appetizers and side dishes and pass them around.  Everything was delicious and NONE of them was a disappointement! Entrees on the other hand were not nearly as interesting...just your usual "catch of the day" or "short ribs".  So order away on the appetizers and a few side dishes to share but skip the entrees's
oh and the restaurant made my birthday cake (red velvet with cream cheese icing) and it was definitely one of the most delicious, beautiful cakes I've ever gotten.
I will definitely come back again with friends! And if anyone is thinking of hosting a dinner party please do yourself a favor and call Joan!!I stopped in for Happy hour, and I ordered their happy hour cocktail. The bartender described the new drink to one of the curious kitchen staff. Right before he served it to me, he offered her a straw-full of my drink out of MY glass. The bartender told her "just put your finger over the straw and take some out." She wisely declined and tasted the leftover still in the shaker. Completely unprofessional.
Also, a businessman/guest came back to question a surcharge on a drink. He was told it was because the whisky was neat. Not the best policy, but ok. But afterwards the bartenders mocked the fact that he returned to question such a small amount, "It's not like it was even that much." This was in front of me and another customer.
The cocktail was great and the food on the menu looked good. I just couldn't bear to be around this one bartender anymore.Came in for brunch & liking the atmosphere. Ordered the frittata which came with seasoned potatoes, it was good. My wife ordered the burger with a fried egg on it and OMG. It came with house made shoestring fries. Lots of food for the $$. I will order the burger next time.
Friendly staff.Why oh why would you put us upstairs in the creepy 2nd floor when the downstairs is so cool?
Why would it take 20 minutes to make a yogurt parfait?
These are the questions of Square 1682 that demand to be answeredSat at the bar for some chill pre-going out drinks.  Bartender was professional and fast.  My best friend said he made a great Manhattan (I know, I know, who still orders Manhattans...and a 27 year old at that?).  
I suppose making a good Manhattan means that you are a good bartender.  Crowd was a bit older (by a bit I mean mid 30s), and was empty by 10pm (when we wanted to leave).Solely basing this review off of cocktails, bartenders and waitstaff, this place is great!
There was one seat left at the bar when my boyfriend and I walked in, we asked if we could grab a chair from one of the hightops, the host went a grabbed another bar stool from somewhere near the door and brought it around for us.
The cocktail menu has really interesting options and an extensive array of high end liquor- not that I know anything about them- but it was fun to look through for sure.  I had a cocktail I think was called a Rita Mae, which was nice and orange-y followed by something with grapefruit I think. BF had a bourbon drink which tasted like pure smoke! Great cocktails. 
The couple next to us was fun to chat with and they were basically making up their own cocktails with the help of our fantastic bartender, D. She was super busy but a great sport when we asked incessant questions about cocktails and the other couple kept asking her to add new things to the drink they were creating. 
Great spot to stop by!The ambiance is great. It's quiet enough to have a legit conversation. The waiters are attentive and knowledgable. The menu changes, however the date and bacon appetizer was phenomenal. Drink menu has everything you can ask for. Call for a reservation.Went here for breakfast. Food was good, but pricey for what it is. The waitress was terrible and barely came to our table...we had to ask other waitresses for things we needed.We expected much more from this restaurant after reviewing the menu and reviews online. Upon our arrival despite having reservations, it took a good 15 minutes to be seated. After being seated, it took another 15 minutes to get any type of service. When we finally received our entrees, mine was burnt and bland, and was not prepared as requested. We definitely will not return to this place.RW review:
I had the BEST time last night at Square 1682 for RW festivities!
We had a reservation for 7:30pm for party of 6. My husband and I arrived a few minutes early and were greeted by a sleek hostess immediately and even took our coats. We checked out the bar area downstairs and ordered an "old fashioned" from a beautiful bartender who also noticed us right away when we walked in and did not make us wave for her attention. The drink was expensive for us but good. The bar area is small but the decor is modern and yet warm and cozy. There were business people there for happy hour, romantic couples and even a few singles by themselves enjoying a light dinner by the bar and a book. Everyone looked comfortable. The kitchen is at the back of the room and you can see the chefs in there cooking up a storm. Bless them!
One of the bartenders found that I was there for RW and he took at least 5 minutes to go through the entire menu with me and gave me his opinions of his favorites. He recommended the following: Tuna Tostadas, Octopus, Lobster Pot Pie, and others for appetizers. For entrees, he noted how pleasantly surprised he was at the chicken, and also recommended the NY Strip (not a full fillet). I was interested in the seafood entrees and he approved my choice of the grouper.
When our party was ready, we were led upstairs to the dining room. Similar decor but now you get to check out the details of the table setting. It is a small place but after settling into our seats I did not feel cramped at all. It's a great date place. The lighting again was low but warm. There were some interesting flower arrangements at the bar in the back. Our little appetizer/bread plates were really cute, it looked like a big coaster and it in was a print of a studio apt layout! The colors were soft gold with specks of red. Festive and romantic. The girls were giddy.
The service was great. Our waiter was not pushy but informational. I didnt ask for his recommendations though. I should've. 
Run down of the food we ordered:
Apps: Octopus, Lobster Pot Pie, Beet Salad, Regular Salad, Tuna Tostada, Potato Gnocchi. It seems that all were good. I heard the Beet Salad had a fishy taste in part of the sauce and we suspected anchovies but another taster could not find it.
My lobster pot pie had a buttery flaky crust topped with a CLAW! It was such a  cute presentation! The soup was just as indulgent and naughty! Creamy, lobster bisque like with root vegetables that were still crunchy and flavorful. My husband had the Tuna Tostada. It was a good combo of tortilla chip (salty), jalapeno, spicy sauce and raw tuna. There were 3 bites on the plate which was probably not enough for my husband but he shared the pot pie with me. The tuna tostada was good but not as spectacular as the pot pie. I had a taste of the octopus. Very refreshing! It had a tang to it and it was tender and not chewy. It paired well with the fennel. 
For entree I got the "Pan Seared Grouper with
white sweet potatoes, roasted corn and truffle vinaigrette" The sweet potatoes were pureed so that it could've been a polenta look alike on the dish. The corn and truffle was served on top of the sweet potatoes with a just right size piece of grouper. I loved the sweet potatoes. It was sweet & savory. The corn and truffle added the saltiness and interesting texture. The fish was good. Nothing too crazy. I felt like the star was the side dish. The presentation was lovely. I really felt like I was on Iron chef.
My husband's NY Strip was cook right and the purple potatoes were fun to eat. He said while it was good, he has had better steaks before. But men can never resist ordering red meats at places if offered.
Everyone finished their entrees. One ordered the bass and one ordered salmon. Another ordered the NY Strip as well and he finished his first. The portions of the entrees were not obnoxiously big or too petite. It was just right for a 3 course meal. Dessert: I looked forward to this the most, but alas, the appetizer was my favorite course. That's because I didnt order the apple fritters!!!!!
Luckily my friend ordered it, it came out looking like fried donut holes! I got a bite and was in love. Fluffy, with sugar, and gooey apple inside. Better than my apple pies out of the oven. My cranberry upside down cake was sort of rustic and dry. The goat cheese ice cream was not kidding! It really tasted like goat cheese. I had half the chocolate orange tart of his and the chocolate was creamy and the tart was ok. I think they wanted the chocolate to stand out more. Not bad. With a couple of drinks per person, our bill came out to about $50 per person. I thought it was a great price for the amount of food and lovely experience. I was really pleased that they didnt automatically add gratuity in there. The waiters had to run up from the kitchen downstairs to deliver our food. They were all breathless to keep the food warm and they were all in good running shape.The food (and truffle oil popcorn) was delicious, although the salmon portion was a bit small and the filet mignon, while cooked to perfection, could have been hotter. The waiter was very nice but not overly attentive. We also had to wait 15-20 minutes for a bottle of white wine to be chilled, which we thought was rather odd. The place is pretty noisy but we did enjoy our meal very much and we were certainly not rushed.I've been to this place several times for lunch and happy hour. The popcorn is to die for. At lunch, I'm a big fan of the three-course lunch trays. Tons of food, and a good variety to choose from. Everything is always delicious. I'm Particularly fond of the superfood salad and the burger. The drinks at happy hour are good too. Last time I ate here, I left the receipt on the table. I was pretty bummed out because I wanted to get reimbursed from my work since it was a business lunch. I called the restaurant, and they emailed me the receipt. Great service!In town from Florida and staying at the Westin, this place was close to our hotel. I got the breakfast sandwich and it was fantastic,l. Everything coming out of the kitchen looked fantastic.I ate here with family for breakfast a couple of times and the food was good.  I came here with a friend to celebrate my birthday and the food was good but overpriced.  I got a torte with ice cream which was okay but it was nice how the chef wrote "Happy Birthday Amy!" with chocolate sauce. I would come back again but maybe for lunch or breakfast.Food: 4 stars
Ambiance: 4 stars
Location: 4 stars
Service: 4 stars
Price: 4 stars
Recommendations:  Square 1682 (found adjacent to the Hotel Palomar) is a wonderful restaurant to go on a date for dinner and drinks.  My girlfriend and I shared 2 starters and 2 entrees coupled with their innovative drinks, made for a great night.  I would highly recommend the NY Strip, Pork Chop, and Bacon Wrapped Dates (if you like the texture of dates).  The ambiance is well done and the experience was great.
By the way, if you are from out of town or looking to stay in Center City, I would highly recommend the Hotel Palomar.  Its definitely one of many hotels in the chain of Palomars that does not disappoint
(See my Hotel Palomar Seattle Review)
Overall: 4 starsThe breakfast here was delicious, with perfectly done eggs to order (siracha sauce!), surprisingly good sausage, and fresh multigrain toast with super fresh strawberry jam.  Service was slow, but staff was very personable and friendly.omigosh, SO good! Two girlfriends and I stopped in on a Saturday night for a late dinner. It was Restaurant Week, but we chose to order from the regular menu. I am glad we did. We started with the truffle popcorn (of course - free with check in) which we could not get enough of; too bad it wasn't bottomless. We shared the Bacon Wrapped Dates starter (there are six that are provided). I had the Lancaster Duck Two Ways (picture provided). I was dreaming about the rosemary potato galette for a week. The whole dish was great. 
Props to our server, Chip for being friendly and knowledgeable. He was living the dream that night! 
My friends ordered Custom Blend Burger and Filet Mignon. Like good children, we ate everything on our plates.Overall - the food was excellent!!! We ordered the grilled octopus and the mussels to start, both were so flavorful and delicious! I ordered the short rib and it was melt in your mouth delicious, my friend ordered the mushroom tart, it was great but a little too much crust/breaking. Food was outstanding even though we didn't know who our server was and felt neglected the whole evening. Definitely worth the food - since our service sucked we didn't have time for dessert (whatchu gonna do without dessert??)I love that there is a place in the city, that is not my apartment, where I can have my dog and a mimosa at the same time. 
The doggie brunch menu is actually ridiculously legit.  My little Tripp monster ordered the entree with the fried egg on top of it and I was almost jealous of him.
My entree did leave a bit to be desired.  Ordered the egg white breakfast wrap and thought it was a little bland.  But on the positive side, the parmesan garlic fries and the blood orange mimosa pitcher were winners.
Our waitress was great and super great with the pups at our table.  Would come again for this fun summer outing and possibly take a stab at the creme brulee french toast.Preface: This is a Restaurant Week Review
Although Square 1682 was a pleasant restaurant week experience on the whole and delivered on atmosphere with its warm lighting, cork ceilings and modern earth toned wood fixtures. The chinks in that well polished armor Square 1682 sports became apparent as the evening wore on. Lets begin where the meal ended, shall we?
No one likes to have the last impression of a restaurant to be poor. Sadly, this was exactly the case at Square 1682. Nearly every dessert on the restaurant week pre-fixed menu fell short in some small way. Be it ice crystals in the gelato, a pet-peeve of one of my dining associates, to the Caffe con Leche Panna Cotta with steamed milk and an almond-cinnamon biscotti  which was an improvement in the desert spectrum yet carried with it its own fallacies, namely a muted flavor; but this may have been due to the fact that I was drinking a very respectable cappuccino with a mocha flavored dessert. The Apple Cider Fritters with madagascar vanilla bean ice cream and apple cider caramel won out as the best confection in my book. Though deemed too sweet by some in my party, which was true, I found them a perfect with my aforementioned cappuccino. The cinnamon and sugar married well with apple - a welcome update to a classic. Also, an honorable mention should be made to the great biscotti served along side Panna Cotta, they were crisp and yet not in the least stale - a grand accompaniment for the  cappuccino as well. 
As for the main course, well - all I can attest to is that the fish and chips were a grandiose disappointment. Toro was used in place of chips, which only added to the surprising lacking favor. If it were not for the dipping sauces the dish would have had no flavor what-so-ever. I will admit that the dish was not in the least greasy nor was the fish over cooked. It was simply a blank canvas when it came to the flavor profile of the dish as a whole. My dining companions had good things to say about the goat chili and bad things to day about the Lobster Paella but as I did not partake I will refrain from judging.
Finally, there was the creme de la creme of the meal - the appetizer, particularly, the rock octopus with thinly sliced artichoke in a lemon olive oil dressing. This was without a doubt the best part of the meal. The flavors of the dish were harmonious and the texture of the octopus was done just right - resilient but not tough. In fact, I would  be on the merit on this dish alone that I would return to Square 1682.
So, if you find yourself one night sitting in 1682 wondering how to start your meal - heed my advice and get the octopus, then consider getting a drink and hitting the road.Great breakfast coupled with attentive service! Menu for breakfast was different; yet, still had breakfast staples.....steel-cut oatmeal, greek yogurt and fruit...healthy and delicious!Square 1682 was kind of loud inside (I was there around 7:00), but the food and service were excellent. As a vegan who is also a very picky eater, I often have difficulty finding restaurants to eat at--especially when looking for ones to accommodate others as well. However, the spring lentil stew (lentils with snap peas, summer squash, green bans, asparagus, tomatoes, and probably other vegetables in a spicy chimicurri sauce) was great. My parents ordered the filet mignon, which they both enjoyed as well.Pretty tasty cocktails. The French toast with eggs and sausage on the brunch menu was ok, I enjoyed the sausage and eggs much more than the French toast which I found a little dry.  But the 4 star rating is largely due to the slamming cheese grits!  The were perfect!  Creamy and cheesy without being too greasy or chewy. The staff is super friendly too.  I asked for a cocktail they weren't familiar with and the waitress and bartender were sweet enough to look up the drink instead of just telling me no.  Unfortunately the bar didn't have the necessary ingredients but I appreciated their efforts and will definitely be back when I'm back in town!I thought I'd love this place, but I was wrong!  My partner and I had brunch today with his youngest sister.  We had a great time catching up and spending time together, but I didn't care for the food/service at all.  The service at best was slow.  Maybe I'm being too picky, but I ordered an iced coffee .... I like Kimpton's.  I think their nice.  Nicer than a DD's, right?  They put the milk in it!  Um, do you know how I like my iced coffee?  No.  Just bring me some milk with my IC!  Whatever, I got over it....  I had the Huevos Rancheros and it was BLAND, BLAND, BLAND!!!  Just not a good experience.  I may try it one more time, but def not for brunch.Recently stayed at the Palomar and had breakfast the next day at Square 1682!  Loved the hotel with comfy beds and lovely amenities!  Great to had free happy hour every day at 5:00!  Lobby smells delicious as they have a "scentair" machine that fills the air with cinnamony goodness!  Also in the am there is complimentary coffee, tea, hot chocolate and I enjoyed the hot chocolate with bacon and chocolate shavings in it! Sounds odd, but was funkaliscious!  Breakfast the next day was a delight! Bloody Mary was spicy good, and the poached eggs over biscuits was to die for!  Even the cups and plates were fun to look at!  Loved it and want return ASAP!Received a hand written letter from the bartender inviting us back to have drinks me. As nice and appreciated as the gesture is (and extremely classy), it'll be a while before we head back. Definitely have to respect the bartender and the management for doing that. Classy.I'll start by saying that, yes, this is a nice place.  I can't fault them just because I'm not the kind of person who likes to pay $10 for a drink.  Some people are into that.  
I went here to see how they'd revamped the old AIA bookstore into a booze store.  Very nice.  But it's dark and cramped and pricey.  Not inviting like a place you'd frequent, but maybe like a place where you'd have a drink before dinner.  It's a hotel bar, definitely.  I don't think I'll be going back, but it was great to see what they did with the space.Had a breakfast here (as Kimpton guests), which was the worst hotel breakfast we've experienced ever. 
As we walked in no any kind of greetings or smile, just a  sit where you want gesture.
Had: a) BEET ME (a small glass of supposedly beet, carrot, ginger and cilantro raw juice, which in reality was filled with 2 huge cylinders of ice taking the 2/3 of the space in a glass and the rest of the space was filled with UNDRINKABLE mess of awfully tasted beet and ginger juice with nowhere found carrot or cilantro flavor). And this is coming from the person who LOVES raw juices and familiar with many flavors of them. Otherwise why would I ordered this mess for the price of the $9 ?!?! for THIS??? 
         b) Supermarket quality bagel and Croissant with the slice of Philadelphia Cream Cheese bought in some of those Warehouses (like BJ'S or Sam's, no condiments like jams or jellies coming with them) for $4 each?!
         c) 2 cups of not good tasting coffee (no milk until asked, no refills offered) for $4 each?!
And then comes the question from the waitress "How did you like it?"
Well, she received our honest opinion about how we liked it, and after hearing it, said with of course an attitude: "If you didn't like it you don't have to pay for it", which actually was the only positive (and I would say fare) part of our experience in this place. Paying about $30 for a minimal breakfast for 2 should include much more hospitality, taste and satisfaction than was offered to us here.