So i went with my boss and the president of the company on our 3rd night in Philly based solely on the reviews from Yelp. 
I am very very pleased and so where they. 
For the price, this was close to one of the better Chinese we have ever had.
They had the hot and sour soup, which our company president is a bit of a connoisseur of. He's fairly certain it was some of the best he's ever had.  I had the steamed dumplings and it was probably these that stopped it from getting 5 stars. While good, there was nothing remarkable about them outside of the sauce. 
They ordered the General Powell's Chicken while i had the Spicy Beef and Scallops. The General Powell's Chicken was clean (not super greasy) and the sauce was good, not lumpy and thick.  
The Beef and Scallop is getting its own paragraph. The beef was incredibly tender without being suspect like some chinese restaurants have. The scallops were cooked expertly with absolutely no rubbery texture to them. My boss even compared them to Logans in Ann Arbor, which is quite a measuring stick. The steamed greens that the dish was plated on were delicious and the sauce with chunks of fresh cut garlic and ginger slivers was amazing.  I ate a lot of it with a spoon (kinda like I wish i had with the Ghent Mussels broth at Monk's). 
We would definitely be returning here for dinner if we are to be back in Philly, fantastic choice.I was happy to find Chinese place near me, I need to find my Chinese take out place so... 
Order crispy spring roll with shrimp , spicy chicken for main. 
Everything was pretty good. Dishes were super hot and just cooked. 
Ambiance was a bit awkward but service was fast.This is my go-to place for Chinese food delivery in Center City.  Everything comes quickly, usually piping-hot and fresh (relative to Chinese food standards), and at decent prices.
But as good as the delivery is, actually going to the restaurant is better.  The portions are HUGE, and the service is great.  Everything's above-average with this place, but other than the Beef Negamaki, there's nothing on the menu that I absolutely love.
Overall, one of the best Chinese restaurants in Philadelphia (outside of Chinatown).Damn good Chinese food! Fast delivery, great portions, friendly staff. Definitely my favorite in the city.
Menu highlights the same as everyone else it seems, General Powell's spicy chicken, Won-ton Soup, Filet Mignon. All great! 
Delivers to just north of Washington as well!This is a solid business lunch option that I often frequent.  There is a good amount of space and the service is generally quick so you can probably get in and out within an hour with an appetizer and an entree for an affordable price 10-15 bucks
I usually get wonton soup (ok - nothing spectacular) and my entree is either the Mongolian beef or the spicy beef and scallops.  The Mongolian beef comes with onions and rice (no veggies).  I try to be a bit healthier now and order the spicy beef and scallops that had a bed of greens.  Not particularly spicy but good surf and turf.  
You also get a free class of wine with your Yelp check-in!My bubbe (grandmother) lived a few blocks a way from Square on Square for 5+ years. 
We wandered in her almost every time I was in for a visit!
Things I liked:
1. The mango chicken! Surprisingly spicy and delicious!
2. The salt & pepper shrimp. No longer on the menu, but it was awesome! Maybe they'll bring it back!
3. The manager is really nice! He became friendly with my bubbe and always stopped by to say hello!
Things I didn't like:
1. A little pricey (ie I probably would not have been able to eat there nearly as often if not for my bubbe!). 
We eventually migrated to Asia on the Parkway (owned by the same guy)..but I still love Square on Square!SIMPLY THE BEST CHINESE FOOD IN THE CITY!  I order from them at least 2 a month via Seamless.  The gen t. chicken is great, as is the walnut shrimp.  Everything else is AMAZING TOO!
VERY affordable, generous portions, quick delivery!With all the great international cuisine in Philly, I almost never consider Chinese (my first love from Childhood) anymore, but when I am sick I NEED soup.  Wonton, Subgum Wponton or Hot & Sour.
Well, Square on Square came through for us last night.  Delivery took about 40 minutes on a BUSY, Rainy Friday night - which isn't horrible considering those conditions.
My husband enjoyed his sweet-yet-spicy General Tso's (The call it something else) Chicken.  I ordered a Quart of THE BEST HOT 'n SOUR (For real.  I love their version.  Chicken and tofu and just enough black pepper, red pepper and vinegar).  I also got a quart of the "special" wonton soup which had a tasty broth and was loaded with chicken, pork, bok coy and mushrooms.  My only complaint?  Only 4 of the DELICIOUS, petit wontons in one quart.  Next time I'll ask for extra wontons - and gladly pay for them, too.  
I ate a small bit of each soup and had plenty left for the next day.
You saved me, Square on Square.  Those soups are the BEST.I'm always pleased with my meal at Square on Square.  Chicken is white meat and tastes and looks like chicken, not some stringy chewy version of chicken.   Beef is tender and flavorful.  All sauces are yummy, and seasoned with garlic and onion  and they will make "spicy" if you ask.   The sauces are not the gloppy, congealed, overly corn starched type of sauces you commonly get at other, crappy chinese spots.    
I much prefer writing reviews where I bash a place because it sucks.  Those types of reviews are more fun to write and end up being much more fun to read.  But I really can't complain about anything at Square on Square.
Love their hot and sour soup and wonton soup   Good kung pao chicken.  Good beef and asparagus.   Crispy and delicous spring rolls.   Order anything on the menu (except the sushi) and I think you will enjoy.The BEST Chinese around - and its not even in Chinatown.
We got delivery today - a day-after-the-snowstorm order takeout kinda day.
A QUART of the fabulous hot & sour soup always cures what ails me.
Delicious chicken & snow peas.
Pan fried dumplings are average - not mind blowing.
Service was friendly on the phone and lightening fast (They showed up in 17 minutes!)After months of consistently good delivery, I wandered into Square on Square for dinner with a friend.  The restaurant, much like the food, is above average.  Price is also a little above average, perhaps because of the Rittenhouse location, but it's well worth it for the higher quality.
I wasn't adventurous, ordering the old-fashioned pot stickers (dumplings to me), hot-and-sour soup, and the two-flavor chicken.  One thing to note is the meat dumplings are chicken, not pork--but still very good.  Prompt, clean, and efficient describes the location and service.
Square on Square will remain my default choice when I want Chinese for delivery or sit-down.  The extra blocks to Chinatown just don't seem worth it unless I'm after something specific like dim sum.I wouldn't say this is a bad place. The food is ok and the portions are fine, but this was a bad experience because while I carefully asked the waiter if the dumplings were vegetarian and he said yes, I knew the minute I took a bite that there was pork in them (with a very strong taste). When I asked again, the waiter did say that yes there was pork in there and offered to cancel the item, which I did. The second reason this became a not-so-pleasant experience was that I had a 50% discount, but the waiter did not add the cancelled dumpling item into the discount, which was fine, but if he had added the discount it would have helped make up for the bad taste.One of my favorite restaurants in the city!  Super fast, very friendly and amazing service staff.  Love the lighting and the seating.....and the food is excellent.  Keep up the good work!My friend and I ordered cumin beef and bak choy chicken for lunch and the food was pretty good. It was our first time trying out this place and we thought we would give it a try. The restaurant is fairly new I believe and convenient for us from work. Food was pretty quick and you get a soup with your lunch dish, I chose hot and sour soup which I liked. Our waitress was a little rude so I took off a star for service. Overall great experience!This is why I appreciate yelp!  I've been looking for a good Chinese spot that delivers for a minute!  I just didn't have another whole foods salad in me, so today I was messing around on yelp, looking for chinese takeout, and up pops Square on Square.  I tend to have an adventurous palate but for some reason I'm always careful when it comes to ordering Chinese..I guess I've had one too many bad experiences!  Anywho, this was NOT one of them.  Reading through the yelp reviews revealed a spot that used fresh ingredients, was slightly pricey (which I don't mind) and was quick with deliveries.  Yelpers haven't let me down yet, I was convinced so I gave it a shot.  First of all they have online ordering which I LOVE.  It was about 6:35p when I ordered and I set a delivery time of 7:30 and ordered the jumbo shrimp and scallops in spicy sauce.  At 710 my doorbell rang and dinner was in my belly minutes later.  As my fellow yelpers have already indicated (but its worth repeating), my food arrived hot, with a nice delivery guy and was very tasty and fresh!  YAy for yelp and Yay for Square on Square.Eh, 'twas okay. This place is trying to be upscale with their menu selection, ornamentation around the restaurant, and presentation of the dish. The average dish price is about $16 which is steep for (American) Chinese food. I had the mango chicken, and it actually came inside a mango. How was the taste? I've had better. There was not a water refill. Will I come back? Eh, not planning on it.
Food Quality/Taste = 3 Stars
Portion Size Given Price = 3 Stars
Price = 2 Stars
Service = 1 Stars
Experience with Staff = 2 Stars
Decor = 4 StarWe tried this place to branch out. It was alittle pricey so we kept to their non specials and ordered staples. It didn't do too much for me either way. It tasted like every other average chinese place.The restaurant itself is pretty nice.  The staff was friendly, if not overly attentive.
The orange beef was very tasty.  The chicken and peas was very bland, and all the vegetables just tasted like they came out of a freezer bag.
Nothing I had was "nasty" but nothing was worth going back for, either.  I've enjoyed Chinese buffets more than this.I ordered Chinese food from Square on Square last night, it was delicious!  I had the potstickers which were very fresh and tasted yummy, I also like the wonton soup and brown rice.  They were friendly on the phone and the delivery was very quick, only about a 15 minute wait.  I'll definitely order from them again!As a disclaimer, I do not typically care for Chinese food, as most is sketchy and covered in sauce. However, I was pleasantly surprised with Square on Square, as the food and wait staff were both great. I ordered the Beef with Green Beans and opted for the Pork Fried Rice. All things considered, the food was great (not loaded in sauce), and the Green Beans were fresh. I walked away with all of this and Wonton Soup for around $12. I will definitely return when I am in the mood for Chinese.The pad Thai and honey walnut shrimp dishes are delectable. The service is fast and friendly. The prices are more than reasonable for the portion size. I highly recommend it.Best Chinese food period. I've being going to this restaurant for over 10 years. The owner Steve is usual present and is always attentive and pleasant. I love the sautéed string beans! Everyone I have brought here loves the food. The have a jazz band on Wednesday or Thursday nights which was a treat.Wasn't what it was cracked up to be. We ordered General Powell's Chicken and Sesame Noodles and it was 18.90. Was it worth it? NO! The General Powell's sauce was not that good at all and the chicken was really dry. The cold sesame noodles were very watery and it was rather disgusting while eating. We barely ate half and had to throw it away. The almond cookies that were included were good though. I'd definitely not go back!!!Every trip to Philly I make this my first night's meal since the trip from Calif requires early morning flight to get here at a reasonable hour.  The food quality is excellent. I have never had a bad meal. They use large pieces of white meat in the chicken dishes.  Filet in some of the beef plates. Large shrimp in those choices.  You simply can't go wrong with delivery from Square on Square.Been here for lunch very often. Usually the food is good and service is pretty quick.
However, I found this place to be inconsistent. Sometimes the kung pao is amazing, other times pretty average...
Overall it's a good place, especially for lunch.
Oh and the Hot & Sour soup is excellent!I order from here all the time and have yet to be disappointed.  Delivery is quick, and the food is delightful.  My favorites include the chicken potstickers/dumplings, pepper steak with white rice, and chicken lo mein.I guess I don't have much of a comparison, considering the only other Chinese food I've had in Philly was Han Dynasty. (I know, what?? I'm terrible.) But, I had a livingsocial voucher for takeout/delivery and this place was nearby and had better reviews than the other nearby place, so I decided to give it a shot. This place was cheaper than Han Dynasty and has bigger portions.
The food is pretty good -- I had the General Powell's chicken (good sauce, definitely not spicy, but the chicken was a little dry) and the special lo mein.  I'm a big fan of the fact they included almond cookies and tea bags with my order!  The prices aren't too bad, as they have decent-sized portions.  Nothing super fancy, but pretty much what I expected, so I was happy with my dinner.
My one nit is for livingsocial, who has this place listed as "delivery only" -- but when I placed my order, it turned out the restaurant received my order as "takeout" so my food sat around for a half hour as I was driving home from work (with the Boy waiting at home for dinner). BUT, to their credit, they delivered it soon after I (ok, the Boy) called about the order.  I will definitely order from here again when I'm craving some Chinese food!This place is absolutely awesome! Came here the other night without reservations and they were more than accommodating.
The service: 5/5 
Our server Stephen was an absolute joy and helpful with the menu. Everything came out fairly quickly and our server made sure that everything was to our liking. 
The food: 4/5
I started out the night with the hot and sour soup which I thought was pretty decent. Not as traditional as I was hoping for and didn't have that kick I was hoping for but I thought it was still great. I ordered the seafood pan fried noodles which normally isn't one of my favorite dishes but it was an impulsive decision on my part and I thought it was fantastic for what it was. The sauce was a little uneven but definitely helped loosen up the noodles if you're into that. The scallops I didn't think we're fresh but it was to be expected. The shrimp I thought were rather large and were prepared nicely. 
Atmosphere: 5/5 
It's a quite little restaurant in center city and I really enjoy those types. Noise level was fairly low, tables are a little close to each other but that didn't bother me that much. From the outside I would have never thought it was a Chinese restaurant.
I'm definitely looking forward to my next meal here and it is a nice change of pace to have great Chinese food in center city rather than going to Chinatown.A great discovery...good food, nice prices, good service.  We were not looking for anything fancy but for some good and tasty lunch to continue our busy day and were happy to find this resto.  Price wise is just perfect.FINALLY found my go-to Chinese delivery spot after trying a ton of variations of not-so-tasy General Tso's chicken. The General Tso's (they call it General Powell's) is delicious as is their Wonton soup. I grapple between ordering the General Tso's and beef with broccoli (tough life, I know) as the beef literally melts in your mouth. I have yet to dine in but its BYOB so I will be doing that soon.I have to say I'm disappointed. This used to be my go to spot. I order the duck and rice platter and received THREE pieces of duck and no vegetables. All I got was rice. Ridiculous. $10!Went here for lunch around the holidays and was so full when I got back to work, I needed to nap under my desk. 
The fried rice dishes are huge and if I had any self-control, I would have gotten half of it wrapped up for later. I had the shrimp fried rice. Started with won-ton soup. Both very good.
The thing about this place is, at least in my only experience, the food tastes alot like traditional Chinese-American food. However, it feels a step up then most other Chinese food places in that the atmosphere is cleaner and the service is excellent. 
I'll go back and will certainly try the take out the next time I'm in the rare mood for Chinese.This is probably the best option in the area for basic American style take out Chinese food. The quality is a cut above the average and the portions are quite large.  Overall they seem to use fresh, high quality ingredients.  I recommend the Mango Chicken and Mongolian Beef.
The owner and staff are always very friendly and orders are prepared promptly. 
My only wish is that this restaurant would add some real authentic Chinese dishes to their menu.  For the most part, I think their menu was designed to appeal to the large number of senior citizens who live the high rise residential complexes near the restaurant, but a lot of Asian Penn grad students have also been moving into the area, and I would think they could be quite successful with some real Chinese dishes on the menu, so people don't have to go all the way to Chinatown.Ordered eggplant with chicken and brown rice today for lunch. Not only was the food good, but the serving size is worth what you pay for, unlike other places in the city. I ordered my food ahead and then walked here (~5 min) and I only had to wait a minute before it was ready. I will be back here again.After an exhausting week I was really looking forward to some delivery and a movie. 
I called Square on Square to order their amazing General Powell's Chicken. (Its even more awesome when you get it dining in). 
Since I was a previous customer all I had to do was give them my phone number - address, apt #, special instructions were all saved in their system. They even had my previous method of payment on file so no searching for my wallet when I called. 
The ordering took less than 90 seconds - but even better they delivered piping hot food to my Rittenhouse apt in only 18 minutes. 
Hot, delicious, conveniently delivered food is why I will always be a city-dweller.ordered take out last week for lunch .. the lunch specials start at 8.00 maybe im being a cheap o but whats so special about that. 
My shrimp with black bean sauce was pretty good and the handsome  business men were a plenty so maybe ill dine in next time.
Service was quick and efficient ordered and received my food in under 15 min.This place stinks, refer to picture in photos section. There is nothing more to say I'm just extending my review so it gets posted.Overall, Square on Square is OK, at best. The food was about average and the atmosphere was below average. I have been to many Chinese Restaurants that are way better than this restaurant. Instead of this restaurant it is worth the walk/cab ride to Chinatown to find better dining options.My family and  I love this place! I've ordered takeout, dined-in, and brought friends here because it's that good!  I love the fact that they put ginger in their General Powell's Chicken, it's SOOOOO delicious!!!! The service is always great and friendly especially from the man at the register who I'm assuming is the owner. This is one of the few places I'm going to miss since going on my vegan journey. Please consider adding vegan options or seitan General Powell ;) .Square on Square is quality food. The atmosphere is chill as well. I would recommend to anyone who lives in the area and might not want to cook.Creative menu, accommodating staff, questionable ingredient quality (typical for Asian places).  I will not be back here.I walked past this place soooo many times before going in. Turns out it's fantastic! I don't care what the call it - general tso's, gau's or Powells (but seriouslly wtf?), it's the same basic premise... And Square on Square makes it seem just a little bit more refined. I'm not talking about fancy, it is just something they do in their preparation that is slightly less greasy typical-american-chinese-foody.  
Definitely a place to return to!Very fast and super good. Prices are reasonable, and the staff is friendly. I love this place.I ordered catering from here the first time and it was hot and delicious. The veggie lo mein is Wok good. If you have a party or business meeting where you want quality chinese in downtown Philly this is the place.I ate here for lunch with some co-workers, and had a decent experience.  The menu is definitely on the smaller side for a Chinese restaurant, but they have many of the staples.  Also, all the lunch items come with soup.
So I had the wanton soup and the sweet and sour chicken.  Both were good, not the best ever, but I would get it again.  I will see that the chicken seemed pretty normal.  You know sometimes at Chinese places you aren't really sure where that chicken came from because it has some funky bits in it, but this tasted good, didn't come across anything that shouldn't be there.  The broth in the soup was nice, not too salty, but the actual pork mixture didn't have a ton of flavor.
Everyone enjoyed their meal, and a few of us had leftovers.  I always love when I can turn one meal into two!This is a nice little restaurant for lunch.  They have a lunch menu that has pretty good options and it is pretty cheap. I had the General Powell's Chicken which is their version of General Tso's chicken.  It was really crispy and spicy which is just how I like it! The food comes out pretty quickly after it is ordered, so if you are looking for a quick sit down lunch this is your place.For Chinese food, it's a bit pricey but hey it's sit down so what do you expect.   The food is good.  The service is quick.Square is the best Chinese food in Center City.  I'm addicted to the oddly named "General Powell's Chicken".   Generally go here for lunch with a colleague and the bill will be like $20 plus tip between us for a real meal.  
Some of the complaints on here are valid if you are looking for a really nice meal (or if you're from San Francisco, which apparently has a travelling Chinese food snob culture), but I think Square hits an underserved market.  
The food is far better than standard chinese, for example, you never wonder whether you are actually eating "chicken", but the prices are still very reasonable.  You pay a little more than cheap Chinese, but its completely worth it.  
Plus the staff is always really nice.
Highly recommended.Been looking for a good Chinese place in the Ritter square area. Ordered from here twice - chicken with broccoli and Tofu family style - both were very good.Just had my first big Chinese food craving since moving to Philly. Lucky for me I had you yelpers to help me pick the perfect spot to satisfy that need.
I ordered online, which was easy and comfortable. Only weird thing was that when I went to pay, there wasn't a secure (https) link where you enter your credit card info. I'm paranoid, so cash it was.
I was impressed at how fast the food came. It was less than 30 min after I submitted my order that a nice delivery person was knocking on my door in the art museum area. Given that it was a rainy Saturday night, I was pleased with the timing.
The food arrived hot -- not lame-o lukewarm like some delivery places. The portions were large and the food was tasty. 
We always order way (I mean WAY) more than necessary so we tried and enjoyed all of the following:
pot stickers (chicken, steamed, and very tender), beef with broccoli (crunchy broccoli - yay!!) (asked for brown rice and we got it), veggie lo mein (average), chicken fried rice (a little bland but that's the nature of the beast I think), and hot and sour soup (good stuff). My husband and I have left-overs for about 4 more yummy meals.
I will definitely order from Square on Square again. Especially since according to my fortune, I am the master of every situation!!!Great experience! Wonderful food, had Szechuan chicken and spring rolls.  Will definitely come back again.Really good time here the day before New Years.  We had a family lunch event with family from all over visiting and wanting a place where everyone can get something they enjoy.
The Mongolian Beef is fantastic.  Lots of garlic, thick crispy beef, sautéed onions, nice side of rice. Really enjoyed it.  Everyone was raving about their dish, from chicken, noodles, beef, vegetarian, it was all very good.  I enjoyed my hot and sour soup (not too much of either!) and my son enjoyed this egg drop soup.
Service was prompt, we have several kids, teens, and older folks with us, everyone was happy and content.  Drinks, tea, and soups came out right after ordering.  Ample seating for all 19 of us at two sets of large table gangs.  Main dish service came out in about four trips back to the kitchen, it was fine given the size of the group.
The food and presentation are nicely above your basic corner Chinese place.  Food was spiced, but not too much of anything, just flavorful and delicious.
Given its fair price, easy to get to location in center city, ability to seat a larger group, this place is a win.  I'm sure next year when we are all in town again we will be back.
Garage parking is right around the corner.Their food is go good. From time to time I crave some traditional Chinese and my favorite thing is crispy pan fried seafood noodles -and they have it here! I come here for lunch and get to sit down and enjoy myself because the service is fast and the staff is friendly. Prices are a average for you you would expect from a center city spot. There is a small bar, in case you want Chinese and wine! Beats me having to try to walk to China Town for lunch. (I'd never make it back in time)Based on the 3 dishes I ordered which were beef ho fun, spare ribs and sauteed broccoli with garlic - this place is decent. I decided to throw this place in the rotation because I needed a chinese take-out place that serves meat! Overall, I thought the food was good but the gating issue was the price. For example, the shrimp with walnuts, which I did not order, was $16. That's quite pricey and bold my friends. The spare ribs were also decent, but not amazing at all. Meat on the bone was minimal and didn't have the nice charred crust that is signature. The beef ho fun was also decent but a little on the oily side. Some other pluses were that they were speedy, friendly, included rice (even though I didn't ask for it), and yummy almond cookies for dessert along with fortune cookies. All in all,  I would order from them again. Don't come here for amaaaazing food - just your standard fare. I agree the variety is minimal. For example, where is shrimp with lobster sauce? And why are you serving beed negamaki? Leave that to our nippon neighbors.I had the Filet Mignon dish (#2) delivered to a training that I was attending. It was delicious. The filet was cooked properly and was flavorful and tender even after sitting for a bit. The sauce was a little sweeter than expected but quite good. The slices of ginger in the sauce were my favorite part.Cheap and pretty good Chinese food in large quantities.  Quick delivery.   Their wonton soup is good and any of the fried rice dishes are good.  This is my favorite Chinese place for a fast dinner delivery.I used to go here with friends quite a bit for lunch.  I'm not exacly sure why we stopped because the food is pretty good.  Maybe we just played out the hand & moved on to other places?  Anyway, seeing some other reviews prompted me to write.  
I like it.  It is a little dinky, and there is no way you would recognize it as a Chinese place from the outside.  The name doesn't give you a clue either.  Service, however, is good, as is the food.  You get your choice of soup with lunch, and I usually get H&S.  I am also a fan of the wontons in the wonton soup.  Very delicate.
Any of the specials are good, particularly the chicken & eggplant.  My absolute fave is Popcorn Chicken.  Go garlic!  I haven't found anything like it elsewhere.  The only thing I've ever had here that I did not care for was the honey walnut chicken.   Truth be told, that was several years ago, so I can't tell you in good conscience to avoid it.  A version has been cropping up at other Chinese restaurants; maybe it's an acquired taste?
I always ask for brown rice, but sometimes they forget.  Ya gotta remind the server.  As mentioned by others, the portions are generous.  For those who are stopping by for dinner, or for those who need a lttle liquid bolstering for a hard afternoon back at work, they appear to have a bar.  
I think that when the weather gets a little more Fall-ish, we'll get a little Square-ish.  Time to renew the relationship and open up my sinuses with some of that Hot & Sour Soup!.My boyfriend and I stopped in here for lunch last week.  Subpar food, subpar service.
They had a lunch special for around $10 - You got to pick a soup, an entree, and it came with pork fried rice.  Although I'm a vegetarian, we decided to try it out anyway because I thought "oh certainly they'll let me have white rice instead".  Wroooooong!
The server seemed angry that I even asked for white rice instead of pork fried rice.  Like legitimately offended.  (My thoughts: Isn't white rice cheaper? Why can't I downgrade from a rice that contains meat and veggies to plain rice???).  
I had a tofu entree with broccoli - the sauce was really heavy and didn't taste right.  My boyfriend was also less than excited about his meal.
The server never came back to check on us but did walk past our table several times, ignoring our empty beverage cups.
On the (only) upside:  They take LevelUp as a form of payment.My husband and I really enjoyed our meal.  The sizzling rice soup was very good (a veggie/tomato base vs the clear chicken broth base we're most familiar with) and the serving was very generous.  We ordered family style (we love to share) and only ordered two dishes as we were traveling and couldn't accommodate the leftovers like we would at home.  We ordered a chicken dish and a shrimp dish.  The vegetables on both items were plentiful and very fresh and the sauces were light and full of flavor. The chicken was very tender and the shrimp cooked perfectly.  We also enjoyed the endless hot tea!  Our service was very timely and the servers were friendly and helpful.  We really enjoyed our meal and would visit again!Kung Pao Beef Spicy with Cashew & Peanut is my favorite request.  Amazing fresh crispy noodles.  Mango Chicken is amazing!  Great for delivery, and dine in.  This is not a whole in the wall, it's casual and clean, and has a calm atmosphere.Guess what, we go there for dinner, have a great meal and while leaving, I forgot my wallet there... So I call back and Steve tells me it is there and he sends it over to my hotel... How Awesome is that????? Great and HONEST people. Thank you.Environment is pretty nice. Seems clean. A little nicer than the take out Chinese. It is convenient.We were here for lunch and I really liked both the ambiance and food. The seating is very comfortable and the service was quite solid. The chicken and eggplant is a tried and true classic, as is the shrimp with broccoli. While it's not exactly Chinese home style cooking, it is not takeout fare either. The dishes are flavorful and not at all greasy with a good balance of vegetables and protein. The lunch specials are great and come with a soup. Their version of the hot and sour soup is more savory than sour which I really liked a lot. Will definitely be back here now that I am finally home in philly!Since Wok left, this is our go-to place for Chinese carryout. We've lived in the neighborhood for over 20 years, and have tried every place within 7 or 8 blocks. My spouse always gets the Pad Thai Shrimp and eats the large serving in one evening. Square on Square caters to her low salt preferences--never a complaint. I order over the whole menu; last night was red curry (excellent, big serving).
As I said, I like to experiment, but have found no nearby Chinese restaurant even close on quality. A few extra dollars (it isn't cheap!) is a smart investment in taste. I try every new place, but keep coming back to Square on Square.I wasn't initially impressed when I tasted the hot and sour soup and it wasn't hot, but it was an easy fix with the hot oil! the shrimp toast was very good, and so was the shrimp lo mein. 
What's not to like? - I didn't like the fact that they charged $ 3 for the hot garlic sauce (I assumed it would be complementary).
Service was super-nice. Our server Brian was very friendly and courteous.Definitely one of the best Chinese restaurants in the city. Best time to go is for the lunch special. Free soup! My favorite entrée is Gen. Powell's spicy tofu.Worst Chinese restaurant ever- looks and tastes like vomit. Use Level Up to get $3 off otherwise you're wasting your money. The service was terrible- hastily putting water in our glasses, forgetting to give us silverware, rudely trying to explain the menu to us. Avoid!The attitude of the waitress are sooooooo bad. It's like they are the customer and you the the waiter. And guess what? The food here disgusting! Do not put aChinese tag on it when it really isn't, real Chinese food are way betterBest fried rice. Awesome Szechuan chicken. Staff was very friendly. The restaurant was pretty empty on a Saturday night, but don't let that deter you - it was very good!I ate "Square on Square" twice. Both with great results. 
The first time I ordered delivery. The food arrived on time, warm and really yummy.
The second time I ate at the restaurant. It was quiet and calm, I was able to enjoy my book without interruptions or annoying noises (or smells!).
I highly recommend SonS!Best Chinese food in the city!!! No joke!!! Just had sesame chicken and the curry shrimp and I'm in love! Their wonton soup is so amazing too! Don't waste ur time in Chinatown go here! Yum yumAll I ask for from a Chinese delivery/take out place is consistency and that is what Square on Square offers.  I am a straight General Tso kind of guy and I like that Square on Square serves it with Pork Fried Rice.  I did have one issue with delivery from Square on Square but they rectified the situation by offering me free spring rolls on my next order. Their prices are fair and I can count on the food to still be hot when it arrives at my door. Square on Square is my go to Chinese delivery spot.Gross. I went last night and was very disappointed. I ordered spicy beef and scallops. the beef was SO fatty and the scallops were horrible- straight from the freezer to the pan. The lo Mein was pretty good but the pieces of shrimp were so small. Overall, it was way overpriced for what I got.I had high hopes for this place and I will admit, the chicken lo mein entree I ordered today was good. Also ordered the chicken pot stickers which I enjoyed a lot. Service - average. Now the after effects... Three letters - MSG. If you're sensitive, stay away. I had to leave work early because my body was so sluggish I couldn't focus. Go to Jane G's one block away.Best chinese food in the entire city hands down.  Moderately priced, and used to be a BYOB but now has a full bar.  This is a hidden gem!So I had a pretty solid 3/4 star review going for this place from the past 4 times I've gotten take out from here but (sadly) this past Saturday, something must have been totally off and/or there's a new Chef in the house.  Bland? Burned? Overdone? What's the issue, Square on Square?  "Why has this happened?", I asked myself as I stared into my $40+ order of takeout.  We were in a "I'm hungover and you deliver chinese" dance for over a year now and I really felt like we were getting serious.  Are you breaking up with me.  Was it something I said? 
Like all breakups, I initially blamed my hangry (hungry/angry), nearly lifeless body that had been nesting on the couch since 9am.  But it wasn't me.  Here's the long version. 
It all started once I finally sustained enough energy to use an iPad and place an online order for delivery at 4:45pm.  The night before really took its toll and (as everyone knows) Chinese is just what the doctor orders for any hangover. My boyfriend and I were quick to agree on our go-to favorites like the Mongolian beef, Square's Lo Mein, and the pot stickers.  These were no-brainers as we usually are completely satisfied time after time.  This time, we added a new wild card to satisfy our fat-kid "prob not leaving the couch for 2 days" mentality and popped General Powell's chicken into the order to boost the caloric intake. Food arrived within 30-40 minutes, right on schedule and then, amongst the savory aroma that filled the apartment, it all went wrong. 
The Mongolian beef was burned and had a charred taste to it. Hidden beneath the char was the flavorful savory Mongolian beef that I recalled so fondly, but this beef was not prepared the same and was obvious that it was either overcooked or prepared in a pan with burnt remnants. Sad as this is usually the dish we fight over for seconds. Not this time. Pot stickers- the only item that made it out alive it seemed.  Not burned, not overdone. Just right. Finally something we can eat.  The lo mein which is usually packed with flavor was totally bland. So disappointed.  Ate it anyway out of a sheer need to survive and over throw my dictator hangover. Last, General Powell's chicken. It wasn't even chicken, or at least it seemed that way. The sauce was fantastic but aside from the one piece of chicken I had, I couldn't even enjoy it. The chicken was so overdone it was chewy and grainy. This entire dish was trashed.  
Needless to say, Square and I are not on speaking terms right now. Please lets kiss and make up?Steve is the best thing about this place.  As owner, he really cares, and is welcoming (even to a party with fussing kids).  Our favorite is the mango chicken, but everything is really well done, and it's nice to explore their specialties.  Honey walnut shrimp is great, as is Beef with merlot sauce.  Only thing we miss (hey Steve!) is the Negi Maki (they used to serve this as an appetizer, but no more).  If you bring back the Negi Maki, we will be back sooner!The food is decent. Apparently they have Jazz on Wednesday nights, but I've never been. I felt that the waitstaff alternated between ignoring us and being overly attentive. 
In any case, the location is good pre-theater.Wow - I can't believe I've waited this long to yelp Square on Square.  I have eaten here many times -mainly for lunch as they do a filling, mid-priced lunch special.  The Hot & Sour soup here is some of the best EVER .
Really.  5 stars for the H&S Soup.
We also had a large group party here in February 2008.  They offered a set meal with soup, appetizer choice of 6 entrees and dessert.  It was very well organized and our group of over 30 people left well-fed and happy.
The manager, Steven, is very nice and easy to work with.
The only detractors here (preventing the 5 star rating) is the extremely long lines at lunch time.  (Don't come at 12:30 on a Tursday of Friday) Also the decor is in need of refreshment.  Kinda grungy.
Don't miss the Mango Chicken and Filet Mignon - really tender and nice here.Went during lunch at the suggestion of someone who's been there before as I had  craving for Wok and just found out they were closed permanently.  This restaurant definitely is on the same level as Wok quality and taste wise and the price was suitable.  Staff was very pleasant and accepted my Yelp coupon. I had Shrimp and asparagus (spicy) and spring rolls and tasted my cousins mango chicken which was absolutely delicious! I'll be back to try more