Most places are successful when they have an outstanding employee. Max went above and beyond. Stopped in for the first time last night. Everything was great. No complaints. Clam chowder, burger, and beers were great!! It's a big plus that he knows the beers well too. Cheers GENTLEMEN!!!I am still a fan, a big fan.  It all started with the hand pumped Yards IPA.  What a great alternative to the already very good Yards IPA on tap...less bubbles, natural, no CO2, creamier texture, a real beer-person's beer.
Next the Tuna Poke.  This was a wonder dice of fresh raw tuna, with avocado and it tasted like a chili oil base, with blue chips for accompaniment.  Next up was the Blue Fish BLT.  Yes fans, the thick meaty fish was on scrumptious thick toasted bread, the real good bread, with the real thing bacon, not strips of that processed packaged shit, the real McCoy, thick, tasty, meaty, the kind of bacon which makes you smile.  Excellent in season fresh tomatoes topped it off.  This was wonderful in all aspects.  My friend had the Heirloom tomato sandwich.  The Heirloom tomatoes were soooo fresh, sooooo sweet, sooooo decadent, on wonderful toasted bread with a pesto aioli.  I wish I had the stomach to order one in addition to the blue fish sandwich...I thought about it!!
Brandon was superb behind the bar, helpful, friendly, he loves his job and he loves the food there as well.  
This is my go-to spot in the Northern LibsI had heard for years just how good Standard Tap was and decided to stop in for a drink on Saturday (5:30 pm) prior to dinner at Koo Zee Doo.  I am not sure what the hype is all about.
We sat at the bar, which was half full at best, and waited as the bartender walked by us multiple times, walked away from the bar and never asked us what we would like to drink.  I finally said in an even tone, "Hey, you serving drinks here".  That got us some service.  We had two rounds of drinks, I paid and left the tip on the bar, while my wife finished up her beer, I hit the Men's room.  When I came back the tip had been picked up, again before we had left, and I asked my wife, if the bartender thanked her.  She said, no he just picked up the money.  Classless move. This place must be doing so good that they don't need new customers, because I probably won't go back. 
I'll keep going to 700 Club and Abbaye when I'm in N. Libs.  This place needs to learn a lot about the meaning of service.  The only reason that I gave them 2 stars was that we did not try the food and I'm giving that benefit of the doubt.
Hey, Standard Tap take a lesson from places like South Philadelphia Tap Room on how to run a great gastropub.Great beer, great burger, great service.  I really liked the atmosphere and had a great time.  
The burger was tasty and our medium rare burger was actually medium rare.
One of the best, if not the best, burger in the City.We stopped in for brunch last Saturday while visiting the city. The place looked neat from the outside and was even bigger once you walked in with bars and seating on numerous levels. We were seated quickly upstairs and they have their menus on a chalk board (this annoys me). It was an interesting menu and I went with a spinach salad which came with blue cheese dressing, egg, bacon, tomatoes and cucumbers. Others in my party ordered a burger with a salad instead of fries. Another one of my pet peeves is when they up charge for a different side. The burger and small side salad ended up being $17. The food was tasty and served quickly by very friendly staff. Overall it was a fun place to hang out and I would like to go back for drinks- they have a nice draft list.I really like the atmosphere and location, and they have a good beer selection, but Jesus Christ have I only had terrible food here. Pretty sure their veggie burger is just bread crumbs and eggs to keep it together. It's hands down the worst one I've ever had. And their brunch isn't anything special either. Go here for drinks - there are too many great restaurants within walking distance of this place.What a great place!  I went the other night with my mom and two young kids.  We sat on the outdoor deck.  I was the only person in the group into craft beer, but we all loved the bar.  My mom enjoyed a nice local saison and said the crabcake was the best she's ever had.  My kids enjoyed shrimp cocktails and corn fritters (no kids menu, but we felt comfortable with well-behaved kids).  I had a great duck leg. We orderall all three desserts on the menu, and they were all smash hits. I've seen better beer lists, but their were so many food choices I could go back again and again, and I will!I was brought here with by my friend to try the "standard double" which was taken off the menu. But, they did make it for me even though they charged me $3 to add 2 slices of bacon. All in all a very expensive place, that you might want to add to your skip list.Very good burgers, soups, cheese plates, you name it. All of our food was amazing and cooked to perfection. Would definitely come back and I recommend you try it too. It's worth it.Une magnifique carte de produits locaux, fruits de mer, viandes, poissons, légumes... Des bières locales excellentes. Service de qualité très agréable et de bon conseil.
Le tarifs sont corrects pour ce gastropub certes loin du centre ville mais qui vaut vraiment le détour, dans un quartier de plus en plus fréquenté.
Seul petit point négatif: un peu bruyant lorsqu'il y a du monde...My husband and I happened upon this place after dropping our daughter off at the nearby Fillmore. Service was prompt and attentive. Our waitress was helpful and knowledgeable. 
We both had the Ginger Lynn which was a terrific cocktail. Refreshing and not overly sweet. 
I ordered the fish fry, which was a whitefish. The fish was lightly fried but not greasy. I enjoyed it quite a bit. The fries were homemade (I think) and quite good. The coleslaw was outstanding. My husband had the chicken pie, which he loved. It's a heavy dish, but it's very tasty and unique. 
We both had dessert. He had the apple strudel and I had the peanut butter sundae. Both were a great end to a terrific meal. 
My only complaint is that I don't like the chalkboard menus (or there should be more of them). I had to get up from my seat to see the menu. And, I was uncomfortable hovering by someone else's table to read the menu.I have been here for brunch and dinner.  The place itself is really cool.  Alot of different rooms and an upstairs outdoor patio.  The food and drinks are good.  Overall a cool placeEverytime i leave the grace, goodness, and green of West Philly and go visit my friends living around the concrete toilet of Fishtown or N.Libs all these douche-bags keep saying everytime wer lookin to go out and get stupid is:
" Yo, lets goto the Tap"
" Yo, fuck it, lets just goto the Tap"
( and loop 5 more times)
What i want to know is: when did this place become the God-damn default bar of the lower north east?
YEA?! WOW! REALLY? How many taps?  Holy jeez!!  That's just crazy!
All local beers? Yeah, thats what I'm saying! Things local to PA are always awesome!   
Hold on, no, no, wait a minute.... local to PA?.... PA?  oh......
fuck.  
Everytime i walk into this place, i gotta reach to find something im actually gonna be happy with.  And maybe thats cause im a picky bitch, but comon, outside some of the Troegs and Smuttynose  products, all the local shit around here is like drinking broken glass. Victory over-hops every damn thing they produce, Stoudts is boring as hell, Legacy has yet to put out anything good and is pretty much the poor-mans Stoudts (which isnt saying much), Flying Fish is mediocre at best and the true blue Philly born beers like Yards and Dockstreet are borderline repulsive.  I cant remember if there were Dogfishhead or Brooklyn beers on tap, if theyre were, kudos to the bar manager but lets just say, looking at the chalkboards here isnt the hot-shower- nozzle masturbation material people are making it out to be. 
The food is decent, and the staff is always very chill and never bitchy,  but if im in this area, the Abbaye, N.3rd, or just sitting on some strangers stoop and getting toasted are always gonna be 1st options.I dislike Philadelphia, but I love the Standard. 
I crave the Standard Burger and fries and a pint of hand-pumped whatever beer, I'm not picky.  I love the jukebox and the atmosphere and the cute people.  I am drooling just thinking about all of it.
If I HAVE to go to Philly, I'll go out of my way for dinner and drinks at this place.Although I'd heard good things about Standard Tap, I was not impressed with the food. 
Tried a Pork sandwich & I wouldn't recommend it. Pork was stringy and not succulent. Sandwich was quite wet (as though jus had been poured on it). 
Chicken pot pie was so-so. The pastry was quite nice. The filling of the pie was not flavourful and the chicken meat was stringy.
Very noisy, crowded and cramped place to eat.About 20 taps with great beers in each. That is as good as it gets. Good environment, lots of room too. I would definitely come back again and again.Easily the finest resto-pub in Philadelphia.  All local, all draft beers; the O.G. gastropub menu; heaps of scenesters and oldsters alike;  good vibes all around.  Brunch on the patio in nice weather is a keen way to get your Sunday going; or end your evening with drinks late at night in the the cozy bar.
I'm glad so many people hate on the Standard- keeps out the whiny annoying types. 
P.S.  You'd never think it, but the kitchen here makes the most transcendent bread pudding in existence.  I call them ahead of time to find out if they have it.When I ordered a burger and the bartender walked away from me before I could say anything else, (what kind of toppings I wanted, how I liked my meat cooked, etc) I must admit I wasn't expecting more than just a burger on a roll. What I got was a little slice of heaven. Somehow my  burger was cooked to perfection, great lil selection of toppings, and some amazing fries on the side. I'm only giving two thumbs up because I only have two hands! I would go there for a burger alone, but the friendly service and good beer selection are an added bonus.Standard Tap was the perfect pit stop for a post New Years Eve noonish brunch. The bloody mary's are perfectly spicy and there are some interesting selections on the brunch board. Some of the folks at my table were feeling adventurous and ordered the antelope and eggs, which was rather tasty. I stuck with the traditional egg platter. Most of the egg entrees came with cheesy potatoes (yum yum), your choice of meat (bacon or sausage) if meats not already included, and the choice of toast or a biscuit. Definitely order the biscuit and butter that bad boy right up! Service was a little slow, but it gave us time to suck down some alcohol and reminisce about the prior evenings shenanigans. Also, it was New Years Day so I'm guessing they were quite swamped. I was pleasantly surprised by the quantity of my breakfast plate for only $9!Service was lousy. Slow and not friendly. No silverware, no napkins, no salt and pepper and water barely refilled. Beer sucked and they served their version of a stout in what looked like a wine glass. 
Pork sandwiches were void of flavor but my burger was excellent. Also menus on chalkboard and hard to read and way too loud, and I'm not old either. 
Top 50 in Philly?? That's a joke.It was a shock to go to the Tap the other day and see that the neighborhood had finally been gentrified.  The sketchy, rickety, crumbling street had been replaced with new pavement and was packed with cars.  The dilapidated surrounding buildings were now duplex condos filled with suit-wearing mid 20's kids and hipsters living off inheritances.
That said, the Standard Tap had not changed at all and it should be greatly applauded for that...because I love the Tap.  The roasted boar was great, the salad tasty, and the beers fantastic as always.  We sat upstairs and eventually saddled up to the bar and had a great time chillin with our bartender Gerrard who made the experience all the better.  A great bartender can make a bar, so great tender + great bar = go to the Tap whenever you can and enjoy.One of my favorite bars in the city. Great beer list, food is good, atmosphere is perfect. I wouldn't go there for quiet conversation but take a few friends and you will have an awesome time.Was in N. Lib for 2nd st Festival and stopped in for a beer and to check out Standard Tap. There were a couple seats at the bar and we sat down, with one bartender who refused to give eye contact, instead decided to wash glasses as opposed to waiting o us. After waiting a good 3-5 mins and ready to walk out a second bartender came in and asked what we wanted. As a couple who dines out often and rewards good service we were perplexed at how we were treated.  I have to say it felt as though they were doing me a favor by waiting on us. We were going to do lunch but we decided to leave after one beer. I guess the Diners Drive-Ins and Dives hype has gone to their head. Won't be back.Beer, ambiance, prices, service... all good. 
Shortribs... mediocre. Mussels (and sausage)... baaaaad. The meat of the mussels were tiny and hard, and there were a few particularly horrible ones--nice and fishy. Yuck. The shortribs and the mussels were all we tried, but enough to convince us to not come back for the food.Four different stouts and good burgers. What more could a girl ask for?
After being told it did not look good for a party of six at N. 3rd, we headed to Standard Tap. It was quite crowded, but we got a table in half an hour. Our food came quickly, but the refills did not. The burgers taste like they came off a backyard grill and they come with all the toppings you need- mushrooms, grilled onions, lettuce and tomato. They are served with shoestring fries, which are nice and fresh.
It does get a bit loud, so it isn't the best place to hold a group conversation.The original (and still best) NoLibs gastro-pub.   Great food, better beers.  Great place to hangout in the summer on the deck, in the winter, cozy up to the bar and laugh at the out-of-towners asking for "miller lite bottles".  Warning--gets crowded on weekends, and has been known to attract a party bus or two.I was struggling to find a good burger in Philly. I have been spoiled by Dumont burger in New York and I thought I would never find a burger spot to come close. I was wrong. Although I would choose Dumont burger any day over any other burger place, Standard tap is the best I have had in Philly. My burger was perfectly medium and the fries were great. They have a pretty good Bloody Mary, and I love a good bloody! I also had their clams, they weren't the best i ever had but they were good still. The atmosphere was great. I was lucky enough to sit next to two dads and their kid... the sweetest! 
I couldn't give 5 stars because I was so awkward and annoying searching and waiting for a menu when if I had only looked up behind a couple who was eating i would have noticed that they don't have personal menus. I struggled to see the menu and I felt really bad getting up and being in their space while they were trying to eat.+4 stars for the good beer selection and awesome food.  This is not bar food fare, people.  It's restaurant quality (and the prices reflect that)
-1 for lack of TVs when I want to eat a burger and watch the Iggles
+1 for being 3 doors down from my house in Philly and I'm too lazy to go any further to grab a bite.When we arrived, I experienced a moment of dread- it was so full, with rather loud, rather young music (I'm young, I just don't care for 'young' music).  Fortunately the husband noticed there was an upstairs & here we found the perfect space.  I wonder if the individual bartenders get to pick the music on the 2 levels?  Because upstairs it was all 80's, the good stuff.  Tons of people were outside on the upstairs deck (way too hot for us), so we had the air-conditioned indoor bar to ourselves.  Terrific menu options- we loved the wings (amazing slaw side) & the ginger snap peas.  The octopus suffered from too much pickle & rather too long on the grill, but it was pretty & a nice take on that dish.  Outstanding tap list, which we fully availed ourselves of.  It started to fill up before we left & we found ourselves rather neglected towards the end (dishes piled all over), but it was still a terrific spot we'd recommend & return to.One of the older and the best gastropub in philly! Food was great as always! the mussels were very tasty... our server was okay! but the atmosphere of this place is awesome!Love the atmosphere and the beer selection, but I had brunch and it was really pricey.  For vegetable hash and duck eggs -$ 17! The veggies were mostly onions too.  I'll come back here, but only to imbibe.Always super consistent with great service, energy and vibe.  Menu is amazing as well as the cocktail list.  I typically start with with raw oysters and go from there.  Love the July 4th "Pork of July" menu as well !   One of the best (if not the best) restaurant in No Libs right now.   And on a nice day or evening enjoy the outdoor deck which we do all the time !This place was really good! Had a great beer selection and burger was cooked perfectly, didn't need to add ketchup or anything. The only downside is this place isn't good all days of the week! Sunday's are dead!We were a group of 4 and all of us had outstanding meals.  The menu is rather short, with everything on a chalkboard, but what they make is well worth eating.
We took the server's suggestion and got a squash blossom appetizer to share for the table, and after how good it was, I was sorry I didn't get one for myself.  With the portion size of 3, I could've easily eaten more.  They were amazing!   I then had a soft shell crab sandwich that ranks as one of the best I've ever eaten.  It came with outstanding shoestring fries, and I don't usually like fries.  They were well-seasoned and crispy.  Two others had a burger and one the fried catfish sandwich, and they all loved theirs as well.
it's a good idea to make a reservation.  We were there on a Saturday at 5:30 p.m. before going to Punchline Philly, so didn't really need one for that time.  But as it's not that big, it's probably a very good idea to make one.No ICE TEA???
Can't remember the last time I asked for an ice tea at lunch and was told they didn't serve any.
Oh well, onto the food which was good and not so good.
The duck salad was a large crispy duck leg on a bed of greens with a semi-sweet dressing that went very well with the duck leg.
Soft shell sandwich was not as good. Most of the time a soft shell is either done tempura or sauteed in butter and garlic. This sandwich was bland and the soft shell was not great. It came with a side of fries, and while it was a nice size portion the fries were soggy and luke warm.
For my money I would tell people to go to North 3rd. The soft shell sandwich at North 3rd is much better AND they serve ice tea.Great English pub atmosphere. Awesome selection of local beers (although no Victory Lager!) Decent menu choices and the burger was pretty good. Great place for happy hour drinks!
I'll be coming here again often!This place looks very interesting on the outside. The tables are a bit close to each other, but it definitely is a good date spot. The bar upstairs is a good place to sit/stand with groups - but I wouldn't recommend groups for the first floor. Drinks were reasonably priced and so was the food. Make sure to get the burger and fries (so delicious!). They also have outdoor seating.annoyed because I had high expectations for this place and didn't get the chance to reach them. Went there last night for dinner and drinks. There were maybe 2-3 tables max that were occupied and a handful at the bar. We were spotted coming in but had to wait a bit for a server to come over. She was no where to be found infact. I guess we were supposed to assume that the chalk board was their complete menu even though we'd never been there before. I settled for a glass of pino and passing on dinner since the menu seemed limited and kinda pricy for such a limited menu. The pino was good and the waitress did become more attentitive but it was too late. We headed down to North 3rd where the service was great and so was the food.I've been here a few times and I would recommend it. While it's not awesome, it is very good. I've only ever had the burgers and fries, but they are quite good and I have to say I am a real fan of the sknny crunchy fries. My girlfriend had the eggplant on Saturday and after cleaning her plate she stole the last 1/4 of my burger because she was stills starving. So in my opinion, stay with the burgers and fries. 
The service isn't always the best, but it is a bar so for that standard I think they are fine. Anyway, if you are looking for a good burger and a beer, you could do better, but you could do A LOT worse.My family went to Standard Tap to try their burger as part of my teenage son & my "Burger Quest" for the best burger in Philly. I know they get great write-ups for their burgers (many here have raved) but we were unimpressed.  It was OK but that's it.  It lacked flavor and the buns were on the dry side. I don't see why everyone is raving.  I've found many other burgers in Philly that I would put ahead of Standard Tap: Perch Pub, Village Whisky, Butcher & Singer and Good Dog to name a few.
I'm not saying it's not a worthwhile place for many other reasons: beer, value, overall menu.  The burger is just not one of them.It's hard to say anything about Standard Tap that hasn't already been covered here.  So instead of telling you things everyone else can, I'll share a story that only one other person can tell.
In early April, my friend from college (woo, Syracuse) came up to visit me from Richmond, VA.  One night, we headed to Standard Tap for a late dinner and delicious beers.  It was a Wednesday, but the bar and dining room were pretty populated.  
We settled into two seats at the bar, orders a few beers (I think we were drinking Yards that night), and caught up on the two years that we hadn't seen each other.  After a few drinks and dropping a few dollars into the juke box, we ordered dinner.  I went with one of my two standards, the burger (the other is the portabella sandwich) and she had the pork sandwich, I believe.  Our food was great, like it always is, and we chatted with the bartender the whole time.
I had been working all day, and that coupled with the beers was making me a bit of a yawny-face.  The bartender must have noticed, because he then asked us what we needed to wake ourselves up.  Jokingly, I suggested that perhaps we should engage in a game to keep our minds awake, and my friend agreed.  She wanted to play Connect Four.  Laughing at us, the bartender walked away to the end of the bar. 
We continued to talk about boyfriends and jobs and college, when he came back, and on the bar in front of us he set down CONNECT FOUR.
Yes, that's right, Standard Tap has board games, or at least one game.  We played for the next half hour, loving every moment, of course.
If that's not one more reason to love Standard Tap, I don't know what is.While the atmosphere was good and the staff accommodating at first for a large party, the manager quickly realized that having an additional 20 people fill his otherwise sparsely filled bar was too much for him to handle at midnight on a Saturday. Once 1am tolled he quickly stood on a stool and shouted "leave!" gesticulating towards the exit. I don't plan on going back.So, I like Standard Tap.  The food is awesome the beer selection is great, and the service is fast and friendly.  I don't go to No Libs often, but this is a spot I like to drink at when I'm in the area.  I feel that they are a little pricey, but I guess they can be because of lack of competition.  I think their happy hour could be a little better.  $1 off a draft isn't the best deal in the world, but they are my only complaints really.  If you're in Northern Liberties then this is the place to drink good beer.I don't know what I was thinking last time. I must have ordered the wrong thing, because I went back to Standard Tap yesterday and had a much different experience than I was expecting- I was mightily impressed by the brunch here.
I got the goat cheese, tomato, and basil omelette, one friend got the burger, and the others got the avocado toast. Definitely make sure you ask if the dish comes with sides-- I didn't expect the hash brown (which is exciting!) or the size of the biscuit I received. Plus, my friends got an entire avocado on their plates! I was pleasantly surprised by the fries, which were light and flavorful. My omelette was really tasty.
I thought the portions were great (even erring on the side of larger than expected). I suspect that the last time I was here, I just ordered a dish that was portioned smaller because it was a dessert. This time I had at least a four star experience.
But the reason for the fifth star is where the food comes from. I asked the waitress (who was great with questions about beer, too) if they source locally-- not only does Standard Tap support local agriculture, but it also gets organic supplies as well. I hope that, in the future, Standard Tap can express this more clearly to customers, because it explains the pricing of the dishes better (and makes me feel good about eating it in the process!).Friendly staff.  Quite possibly the best burger I've had in years.  There seem to be a lot of regulars; that's always a good sign.
There's always a good mix of neighborhood folks who've been here for years, hipsters, and folks who travel from other neighborhoods for some excellent pub fare.  The pork sandwich is great!  They take standard pub grub and mix in some creative offerings.  I've never had a bad meal here. The deck is nice for a cool summer evening.  The beer selection is really good, but thankfully that doesn't mean wine drinkers are stuck with Vendange.  I've had some good wine here, too!  There's also the usual (and cheap) Yuengling. 
This is a good place to take visitors from out-of-town if they want a taste of everyday Philly.I went to this place wanting a good burger, and after seeing the first picture on yelp, I decided to go to this place.
Don't be deceived though!! The burger looks NOTHING like the one in the picture! First off, it says ribeye burger, but ribeye isn't even an option on the menu, so We got the standard burger, which was absolutely  disappointing. Fries were tiny and soggy.
Also, I assume they're trying to be cool with the whole no menu thing, so instead, had it posted randomly throughout the restaurant on chalkboards. Ok, the idea would be cute if I didnt have to get up from my table and walk to someone else's table to awkwardly stand there and explain that i'm not a creeper and that im just trying to read the tiny font on the menu. 
I would've given a 2 for the food, but indeed the outside balcony is very appealing, and did have some good beer choices. Would come again for drinks, but next time will make sure to sit somewhere I can read the damn board.The burger is actually better than its reputation.  Their beer selection is second-to-none.Great beer selection and the food is so much better than the regular dive bar options. We had an excellent bartender who gave great recommendations. I'll be going here more often.I've liked Standard Tap more in the past, but lately the menu has become willfully idiosyncratic. Pork cheeks, clams and corn, octopus bruschetta? For brunch? To each his own, but not my cup of tea. Seems if you can't get some pairing of eggs and meat right for brunch...you ought to pass on the more eclectic pairings.
Had the red, white and blue pancakes...absolutely indulgent. Good save.Holy cow...I never thought I'd say this, but "You absolutely must try the octopus!" The flavors popped and the textures were amazing. Definitely wasn't the traditional chewy octopus everyone is used to. Most interesting, delicious take on bruschetta I've ever tasted.Awesome neighborhood bar that perfectly captures the spirit of NoLibs. Excellent and ever-changing draft list. Cocktails are creative and change often. Wine list is interesting and fairly priced. Don't expect to find a menu online - the chalkboard menus change often and are totally seasonal and fresh. The food is incredible and interesting. Their burger is a constant on the menu, and it is one of my favorite meals in the 19123 zip code. It's a don't miss spot if you are heading to the Northern Liberties.Standard Tap has sub-standard service. I'm a short bike ride away, so I loved coming here until I tried to get some fries for my sick housemate and was told that it HAD TO BE EATEN ON THE PREMISES. Usually the staff is pretty attentive, but the bartenders were really curt and left us feeling incredibly unwelcomed. No longer a devoted patron, I will find my standard burger and fries elsewhere.I really like this place.  Ordering at the bar makes sense and more pubs and bars should do that.  
Someone kept playing loads of joy division as well so that was pretty cool.
This place was chill enough it may make me get over my allergy to Northern Liberties and leave Center City once in a while.Went with my girlfriend and family for a quick meal and it turned into a really nice evening.  The food was really good since we shared I had a taste of a bunch of meals including a burger (pretty damn good and cooked perfect), soft shell crab sandwich (was awesome a large), salad (better than we could have ever expected), calamari (what can you say its bar quality calamari but was still pretty good), fries (cut thin and crispy - a crowd pleaser) and beer (Love it).  We sat on the deck so the atmosphere was perfect.  The only downside was that our service was slightly slow (not with food but with drinks) so that's why only 4 stars.  Otherwise perfect for bar food and atmosphere and drinks.Saw this joint on triple d and had to go. Was hoping for the octopus but they no longer serve that dish! Instead we had the chicken pie and the roast pork shoulder sandwich. Both were superb. The roast pork sandwich was two thick slices of pork shoulder with greens and apple slaw on top. This wacky joint is worth the visit for sure!Finally came here over the weekend and man do I regret not having tried this place sooner.
I started off with 2 oysters (Medium-sized, I forget exactly what kind). At first I was kinda disappointed it just came with one thing of a chunky, unidentified sauce, cuz usually I like adding all the vinegar/hot sauce/etc stuff you get with oysters at most places. It turned out it was a red vinaigrette slushie type thing (slightly frozen) and it was DELICIOUS. The oysters were super high quality and tasted really fresh and delicious - no salt or weird fishy taste.
Next up was the chicken pie and mussels with red curry. WOWWWWWWW. The chicken pie was in this crossaint type thing - imagine a chicken pot pie in a crossaint (aka heaven) and that's what I was eating. It came on a salad with a light but yummy dressing. Ate every bite. The mussels were so so good. The waitress said they were spicy but it was perfect for me. NOM. The bread it came with was hearty and tasted fantastic with the sauce. I would've eaten that sauce as a soup with just the bread.
Overall, great service. Also fantastic roof deck type vibe on their "porch" I highly recommend coming on a nice day and sitting outside! 
I will be back, and soon.Hmm, there seems to be some inconsistency in their cooking. This past time, my pulled pork sandwich, the accompanying chips, and the wife's fries were inedibly salty. Her burger was okay, but nothing special, particularly for $12. We also tried the octopus that everyone seems to rave about and found it to be dry and tasteless. Steak tostada was okay, and the ribs were actually the best part of the meal (albeit pricey at $16). Relax, we came with a group - it's not like we had all that by ourselves :/
Anyways, I don't remember the food being this bad on a previous visit. That and the reasonable beer selection = 2 stars. Probably won't be back though - there's so much better in Philly.Wow....I just went to Standard Tap and all I can say is SO MUCH WOW. Groovy food, tasty beers, delightful service. ;) Christmas garland is second to none. Captivating atmosphere, non-offense stench. I've never been assaulted here. Poutine is great - bring back the duck salad. CHICKEN PIE TIL I DIE. The firkin is workin'. Thought provoking artwork. #69Where do you go on a drizzly sunday afternoon when in need of some drinks, food and seats for friendly conversation? why not here?! In between brunch and dinner they have a small break and menu change then the kitchen opens right back up.  In the meantime they keep serving drinks :)
Friendly service altho a little slow considering the place was not crowded at all.  Must compliment the one waitress on her excellent penmanship when writing up the menu board with chalk.  I'm sure we'll be back, no 4th star since it took a while to order our last round as well as getting the check.Great place to go for good food and drinks especially when all the places on the piazza are packed. It is so close to the piazza you can grab and bite to eat and then go to any event that is going on there and it is only a few seconds away. The burgers are very tasty except (like other reviewers mentioned) the buns are a little big. The fried clams are awesome. I especially like that their dessert goes to profit charity!  My fiance likes the selection of beers and the mixed drinks are good. Ordering at the bar is fine since the upstairs isn't big. Never crowded so finding seating isn't hard. Atmosphere is casual and fun and seating on the deck is great. 
Parking is never really good though- one of the downfalls of this area.Talk about a bad taste in your mouth...
Don't get me wrong, 99% of the time I'm in love with the Tap, but I felt the need to write an update because of my most recent visit.  A few friends and I took my fiance out for her birthday, so we all met up at the old hang-out spot.  We sat at the upstairs bar and slowly, our group trickled in.  The beers started flowing and for any server/bartender, this is a good thing.  We all waited tables while in college so naturally, we all over-tip and are broke the next day.  But again, we appreciate good service.  
Well, we must have got the wrong bartender on the wrong night.  I've actually had this women serve us before and noticed then that she had a bad attitude, so I'm thinking the "right night or not excuse" doesn't apply - she's just pissed off all the time.  We sat at the bar and I guess one of the tap handles broke... three times my fiance and I got splashed with beer.  Not once, not twice, three times.  I must have been a moron for not getting up and moving after the second time, I just assumed they would have taken care of it by then.  They didn't and after the third time, we got up and went to the 700 Club.  The worst part was, we didn't get an apology, she didn't throw us a hand-full of napkins, nothing.  If I were her, I would have like took care of our next round or gave us a few shots or at least apologized... She looked at me, continued to poor the beer and went about her business.
I never felt more out of place and unwanted at a bar.I'm sorry.  I just can't get over the fact that they a) don't publish their menu on their website b) don't have printed menus to read at your table and c) the menu does not have any descriptions!
My husband and I headed there to try the famous burger, but I'd be very reluctant to go again because I'd have no idea what kinds of food they serve or the price range of the menu options.  And I certainly wouldn't suggest it as a group dinner location for the same reasons.  But I digress.  Back to our burger experience.
We headed up around 2 pm on a Saturday and pretty much had the place to ourselves.  Only one other table was occupied, as well as a few patrons at the bar.  I ordered the PBC Cider and was a little disappointed with it.  It was like a slightly alcohol-y apple juice.  Not a reflection on Standard Tap, but figured I'd share.  
Both of us got the burger- one with fries and one we substitued the fries with a salad ($3 upcharge, FYI).  I really enjoyed my burger, but I didn't feel like it was the best one I've eaten in the city.  I really liked the roll and the fact that they use monterrey jack cheese.  The "caramelized" onions were not caramelized at all, but were still tasty.  The meat itself was good, but nothing out of the ordinary.  I thought the bun to meat ratio was spot on.
Service was good- probably they need to hire good people to field all the menu questions!  The waitress explained what was on the burger when we ordered them, which was helpful.
Would I come back?  Eh, I feel like there are better places to get a burger in the city (and places that are closer to my home in S Philly).  If I had a friend that was dying to check out their burger, I would certainly head up there with them.  But I wouldn't go out of my way to come back.This place is amazing!! I love their effort on sustainability, getting their ingredients from local farms and drinks from local breweries. The food and atmosphere are great. You can tell things are really fresh as they grown some of the veggies and herbs themselves. Everything we have tried there has been excellent. I highly recommend the sea food, chicken pie, and burger. Also the creme brûlée is very good. I understand that not having menus can be annoying for some people, but I think it is great that their menu is always changing and they need to add and erase things everyday.I have yet to eat here, but I can attest to the bar end of the spectrum.  Great selection, cool bar/deck upstairs, good waitstaff.
This neighborhood has a ton of good bars within a short walk.  Its an alcoholics dream.as far as gastropubs go there is standard tap then there are others  -- great food and some solid beers .. their lunch/dinner menu is fanfriggingtastic -  staples such as the duck salad, burgers and mussels- the sauce in that bowl must be made by magical elves b/c it is so goddamn delicious, seriously the entire eagle's  offensive line could bathe in it after doing 2 a days and i would still dip bread in it  & eat it w/ a smile- soft shell crabs, scallops, brats ... things are constantly changing  around the menu to keep things interesting- they include a lot of game: boar, venison, rabbit, etc. .I much rather eat here than any restuarant in cc-.. though the breakfast brunch on sunday has been on the average side...the atmosphere is nice: the laid back downstairs is a bit dark, but i prefer upstairs or the roof deck. bartenders are really nice  though some of the wait staff carry a bit of a tude....I am neither yuppie nor hipster I am an innocent bystander in your blood feud so how bout taking that stick out of your ass... I think the burger is a bit overrated- decent but i just think it can use a bigger patty - their sister site -johnny brenda has a better one.. there desserts are really tasty though ...yuo i said tasty.Been here twice but only for drinking. The ambiance is nice. Very lively especially later in the night. Great place to come with friends to have a great time over beer.Good if you just want to walk into a place and have a casual dinner, but really nothing to write home about. Very limited menu and rather expensive for what it is. Burger is better at north 3rd. Also not a lot of people in the dining area, feels empty with not a lot of ambiance. I like this place for drinks on the patio but not really for dinner.Get the portabella mushroom sandwich!  It's a cheesy with alfalfa sprouts & it's amazing!  The fries here are da bomb!  
Excellent beers on tab and friendly servers.  
The only negative thing I have to report is that the upstairs bar/seat-yourself/order yourself thing going on is kinda confusing.  I wish they just had servers up there to take your orders... it's tough to pick out your beers from a chalk board on one side of the room and then go to the other side of the room to see the menu (on another chalk board).My chicken pie was a bit salty, i followed yelpers advice and tried it... couldn't finish it. 
My boyfriends veal sandwich was amazing.
Staff seemed unhappy we had a group of 12, she decided to make a table with 10 seats... thanks.
Im all for supporting local businesses but cant i just get a good beer? not pbr?
i wish they played music or at least turned it up, upstairs.
overall, just an average bar in my opinion, nothing spectacular. sorry standard tap lovers.Chicken pot pie! Burger, duck confit salad. Great food , great vibe, great bar. They were the first keg beer and gastro pub cool place in the city. They still crank it out. Grungy enough not too hipster. Get the fried smelts!!After our tour at Yards Brewing Company last Saturday, we were ready for even more beer, so we headed over to Standard Tap for brunch. We had made a reservation, and were seated promptly in a small room upstairs. It felt like we had the place to ourselves, which was good, because 11 people + having just done a brewery tour = obnoxiousness, most always. Anyway, our server was nice and accommodating and didn't seem to mind.
The brunch menu was available on a chalk board, which was cool but maybe slightly inconvenient since I had to get up to see it. I opted for the ham and cheese croquettes, which were topped with eggs and served with brown gravy. The food was really on point. The croquettes were delicious.  I don't recall what others had, but everyone seemed to enjoy their meals quite a bit. And the beer selection was great, although I was all beer-ed out and had the bloody mary instead. 
Standard Tap is definitely a place I'll make note of for future trips to Philly!Last night was my son's and daughter-in-law's rehearsal dinner for 25.  Dominic was unbelievable about working within our guidelines and at the same time accomodating our children for those wants and needs.  No one could have done a better job to get all our needs and parameters met and for everybody to enjoy the evening.  Thank you so much!I love the portabello burgers here. They have good oysters here too.  The ribs will rock your socks off. I've never had a bad meal here. The service here is always awesome. I guess it helps that my friend works here, and gets me free drinks from time to time.I'm new to the neighborhood and stopped in here for a date the other weekend, we were just wondering around trying to find a spot to grab a beer and this place looked like a good spot to start out.
Our intuition was correct! Though there was a decent crowd, we didn't have any issues finding a seat, and were served nearly immediately.  My date got the steak tostada, and he really liked it.  I had a liquid dinner, but was impressed with the beer selection.
Though its not immediately visible, there is some prime outdoor seating off of the second floor bar.  It was a great place to watch the city and chat.Recent visit was awful, however I have had a good experience other times. I see someone posted a picture of the ham and cheese croquettes which I ordered the other day and was served completely different. It was one croquette on a plate with a leaf and no sauce or anything. I cut into it and took a bite the inside was freezing cold. I told the bartender I did not want it and he said, "I ate half of it and he would heat it up for me." I never said I was not paying, so I didn't understand why he said he would heat it up for me when I mentioned specifically I did not want it? Needless to say I asked for the tab, paid and left. I hate not finishing my beer either! This experience left an awful taste in my mouth! However the upstairs is nice they have outdoor seating and cool lights. Extensive beer selection. Also have a fire place upstairs which is neat. Have had better service upstairs, however not sure if I will be back.Quaint Gastro-pub. The staff was very welcoming and personable. 20 local beers on tap as well as season inspired cocktails. I had the Apple Sapphire which was very light with a refreshing crisp. The sword fish with the salad bed was amazing. My boyfriend had the smoked salmon sandwich with fries. Amazing as well. Will definitely be returning.Always my go to bar in the area. I've never had a bad experience. The best for a low key night of drinking. The crowd varies but I feel like it's consistently getting a little more douchey which is upsetting. You can tell by the music (they have a juke box). The bartenders are always nice. I even left my id there once and when I realized and went back the bartender was nice enough to not add the % on to my card. I've never tried the food but I heard it's pretty good.Competent and genuinely friendly service. Delicious food, good drinks, and great local beers on tap. All of this wrapped up in a spectacular package of great ambience. I had heard about Standard Tap for quite some time, and I am sorry that it took me so long to get here! I will certainly be back soon.A unique city bar that I got a chance to experience a few weeks ago.  We got the chance to sit up on the roof which was very nice especially in the good weather.  As a beer guy I enjoyed their good and unique selections of beer and had their burger which is one of the better burgers I have had in Philadelphia.Don't see what all the fuss is about this "hipster joint"
First of all I know they have a big turnover of beer; but not having a physical menu for them was just annoying. I've tried easily over 500 brews in my lifetime and saw  many here I have never heard of before. Having to ask our server about each one of  them was plain ridiculous!
We went on a warm summer Sat. early eve and the noise downstairs was deafening. Decided to go up; discovered an outdoor patio and waited pretty long for a table. 3 of us were seated at was seemed like a 2-top; making it a bit crowded. Seats were also very uncomfortable. Again just a black board menu, but it didn't bother me as much as having no beer descriptions.
The burger was really nice; as was the service considering how busy it was.The chilled asparagus soup was just meh.
I'm in no hurry to return however. I'll leave No Libs & Standard Tap for the hipsters to enjoy.