I'm a fan of Trader Joe's, but their frozen "meat pies" are nothing compared to this -- the meat pies here are "to die for".  Takeout and a few tables.  The proprietor (Sam) is very friendly.  Awesome.Yum. My first British pie. Meat pies smelled so enticing. Crust is delicious.On a Sunday morning, during a Manchester United game, I made my first trip to Stargazy.  When I arrived I spotted the four small dine in tables, the hot case of traditional pies and sausage rolls on the counter and an affable, smiling chef named Sam Jacobson at the helm.  The smell alone let me know this was going to be a very good meal.
I settled on the traditional pie with parsley liquor and mashed potatoes.  Each element of the dish was perfectly executed and together they were a lovely symphony of flavor.  I happen to adore British food and this took me back to my vacation in London a few years ago.  The pie crust was flaky and light and acted as a perfect shell for the gravy laden, delicious meat and vegetable filling.  The parsley liquor was drizzled over the pie and ultra creamy mash.  This last touch added a herbal element which brought all the delicious components together.
Having a savory tooth, I can see myself stopping in here quite frequently.  At the time of writing, I think it's best to arrive early as I'm sure he will sell out quickly.  Grabbing a pie or two here and heading to the bottle shop for a pint is a rotation that I can get on board with.Neat place. Something that Philly has that NY doesn't; that's a rarity. You really do feel transported out of Philly briefly into Narnia. Pies are the main attraction (tho I never got the courage to try the eel one), but they also have small British trinkets and treats that my Anglophile friends have missed for some time. Yes, you can get random things from Amazon, but it's different to walk into a shop that smells like deliciousness.Yes. Yes. And more Yes.
Small quarters. Better on a weekday.... will never attempt a weekend again.
Pricey for a small neighborhood shop making small savory pies. I get it though and respect the man making all the pies (pastry + fillings) from scratch.
Delicious!Awesome!! We ordered the traditional beef and onion pie with mash, sausage roll, the vegetarian mushroom, escarole and fontina pie, a coconut lemongrass chicken pie, and the sticky toffee pudding-all to go. All were great and held up extremely well on the 20 minute walk home. The best was probably the veggie pie, it was so earthy.  Sam worked the counter and oversaw every order. I'm keeping my fingers crossed they eventually offer delivery, they were so incredible.Got traditional beef pie and toffee pudding. Their Banofee pudding is must. Great price best food.Sam Jacobson brings traditional British pie and mash to Philadelphia! Been eagerly anticipating the opening and managed to get down there today to grab a beef & onion and a couple of cauliflower and cheddar pies. SO GOOD! The pastry is perfect and the savory fillings are amazing - so rare to find them so spot-on outside the UK. Also managed to snag the last sausage roll - really good with a nice little spicy kick to it. 
Check it out for great eats, Premiership football and free tea!This place is a little gem in the city. Their savory pies are among the best I've ever had. The classic beef onion is perfect. The mash potatoes are as good as they can get. The gravy is why I love this place so much.  I have never had gravy like this before. It makes everything delicious.A taste of home with a warm service... This is the one sentence that encapsulates a visit to stargazy if u are or ever lived in the UK. 
The pies are delicious no matter which one you try served with perfect amount of mash and the gravy. And don't forget to get the toffee pudding if they have it. Simply sublime. It's a no fuss establishment. Make yourself a cuppa and enjoy the experience.A small yet whimsical shop on East Passyunk Ave. serving up meat pies, savory tarts, and some British desserts. Dropped in around 4:45pm on a weekday and got the last Cornish pastry, savory tart with cheddar and bacon, and peach mint pies. Thick, flaky crusts encasing warm fillings were much appreciated on a chilly, rainy day. Note to self for next visit: either go for lunch or call ahead so I can get my hands on a meat and onion pie with mash and a banoffee tart!Great food, great service, and a perfect addition to Passyunk  Ave.  Check it out,  you won't regret it!Been wanting to go here since they opened and finally made it midday on a Thursday. The space is small but cozy and the people are awesome. We went with the traditional beef and onion pie with mash and parsley liquor. Also added on a pasty and a bantoffee tart. The pastry here is just next level there is no other way to describe it. The fillings are fantastic and the mash and parsley liquor is the perfect stick-to-your-bones food that you need on a cold and/or rainy day. The bantoffee tart was outstanding. The toffee was the thing that really put it all over the edge and the next time I am there which will be soon, I will get getting the sticky toffee dessert. You can eat yourself to exhaustion for about $30 for 2 people which is a steal for food of this quality. Stargazy is an awesome addition to Passyunk I just wish that I lived closer.This place is great! I have to admit I am anxious when I order food from a place that's out of my comfort zone. I don't know much about British food but the guy behind the counter was so helpful and down to earth. I ordered a potato and cheese pastrie, a beef and onion pastry and a sticky toffee pudding. Oh My Goodness! Everything is delicious. I'm very impressed. My intent was to eat half of everything and save the rest for my husband to taste when he gets home from work but.... it didn't work out  I'll be back! Excellent!Arrived right as they opened on a beautiful Sunday morning.  The service was attentive and friendly and the food was spectacular. I enjoyed the Mushroom and Spinach pie with mash and parsley 'gravy' and then enjoyed a banana tart which has pleasant caramel underneath the bananas. Definiely recommend this place for a light brunch option.This place has some damn good pies! I finally got a chance to see what all the commotion was about this place, and it was awesome! The lamb shank and eggplant burgundy was amazing, as well as seasoned nicely. The mash potatoes were my favorite part of the meal. Very airy in texture and nice buttery taste. The place is tiny, so dining in might be a pain. Also, arrive early because they sell out of items quick. It is still an awesome addition to Passyunk Ave.This review will probably be updated to a 5 star review once I veer from my normal order and try the other goodies offered by this awesome pie shop.
I am obsessed with the traditional beef and onion pie. The meat filling is so very flavorful, and then add some perfectly cooked mashed potatoes AND parsley "liquor" (gravy)? It's comfort food heaven!
My husband is obsessed with the pasties. The filling often changes in those, but every one he's had is the best one yet. 
We ordered a family size pie, baked in our own pie dish, for New Year's Eve. Adorned with stars on top, it was almost too pretty to eat. ALMOST.
Super friendly staff and cozy surroundings. Great for eat-in if you can find a spot, or take-out. Lovely addition to the Passyunk Ave vibe.Delicious pies and constantly changing menu. The crust is flakey and buttery. I had the beef and onion pie for lunch, and it was a real treat to taste this fashion of pie for the first time.Finally...great British fare in Philly! Owner and chef Sam Jacobson will take care of you with his delicious pies and mash. He was such a nice guy that he even gave us dessert on the house. While you are there, also make sure you try the eels. A yummy treat! The menu changes from day to day and sometimes they run out of things, but there's a reason. The food is that good!I don't even know how to describe the perfection of the pastry. I've had pies, sausage roll, pasties (not all in one go, honest)... and all of them have been AMAZING. The fillings are good too -- my favorites so far have been the traditional and today's oxtail special, but the pastry is what keeps me going back (3 times in 2 weeks). Sam just got in British sodas as well and I had my first Dandelion & Burdock (delicious!), but if you just fancy something to wash the pies down, the free tea is spot on. The only problem with the place -- other than that it often sells out early (check Facebook for updates) -- is that it can cause Eyes Bigger Than Stomach affliction. Although I can't say it's that upsetting to know I have half a plate of mash and an order of sticky toffee pudding (with a side of fresh cream) awaiting me in the fridge. 
If you haven't been, go!When my chest feels like it has a hole, Stargazy's pie is just the right size. I use the generous dollop of mash and parsley liquor to seal it in place, I can breathe in the steam from the hot tea and the world is okay again. 
Thank you.Its been a while since I was there. But I remembered the time that I was there with my two coworkers on a lunch break and absolutely loved it! The ambiance was a reminiscent of a small vintage cafe that you would find in London. Stargazy is known for their pies. I tried their Cod Pie and it was delicious. The pie was crusty the way I like it. The cod was very juicy. The coffee was delicious and were served in old unique vintage mugs. I would definitely love to stop by again sometime soon~When I visit here I feel like I am back in England. The menu is fantastic. Everyone should check this chip shop about at least once.I am saddened by the fact I can only give this place 5 stars. It deserves like 20. For real. 
I am visiting from Portland Maine and wanted something not so "touristy" . Found this gem on Yelp and immediately got in my car and drove the 30 miles from my hotel to check it out. 
Love the little part of town it is in. Lots of cute shops and charm. Walked into Stargazy and was welcomed by a nice gentleman at the counter. Decided to keep it traditional and got the beef pie with mash. Also had some complimentary tea. Love that this is offered. This place is super cozy and friendly. I immediately felt comfortable. Nothing like a hipster place where you can feel "out of place" . 
Once I began to dig into my meal I was in love. Seriously. In. Love. I eat a lot of food. I do not discriminate. I can tell you hands down that this was one of the BEST meals of my life. I was what you call "sassyfied". Pie was so good and flavorful. Mash was yummy yummy good. And the SAUCE. I'm not sure what kind of sauce it was but I was calling it "God sauce" in my head. I need more of this God sauce in my life. 
Best food and 1/2 hour I spent in Philly. Thank you Stargazy! Keep doing what you do!Philly is full of places to eat. This place is one of them. However, it's actually unique and one of a kind. Literally every bite was so good. Great comfort food and creative specials!
I recommend this for a change of pace and really great traditional London food!It's tiny and eclectic and delightful.  This is not your typical restaurant!
We had meat pies, mash, sticky pudding(?) for dessert and something else that I've forgotten.  It was all all good, quite good in fact.  The portions are sized for a human meal, not a supersized american meal.  You'll go away no longer hungry, but you won't be waddling out.
Hot tea was complimentary, though they also have other interesting drinks, as well a conventional American soda fountain.  We like different things, so we had fun with the strange drinks we didn't recognize.  
They also have some "off the boat" imported goods you can buy.  Mushy peas, digestive biscuts, etc.  We partook of this as well, as it's not often you can buy mushy peas for dinner at home.  
The ambiance is seriously relaxed.  No putting on of airs here!  The staff is very friendly.  They serve what they have made, and when they are out, they are out.  That's the nature of such a small and specialized shop like this.  Which is just fine, you as the customer just have to understand this.  We came late, so our selection choices were limited.  But we did not suffer for it!  
Should I be back in the area, I'm darn likely to come here again.Amazing. Get there early before they are low on stock. You won't regret it. There meat pies are delectable and there mashed potatoes are creamy and a great addition to the pies. Try it out.I am originally from England. This place is DELICIOUS. I loved the beef and onion pie! Excellent chef. I can't wait to return!So good. I'm no expert of traditional British pies but I had a wonderful experience. Casual, delicious and definitely unique - I'll be back for more!The lamb and mango pie was incredible. I can't remember the name they gave it but it was the special of the day. Flaky crust was perfection. If I could make crusts like that I would make pies all day long. I guess that's why Sam and Owen do just that.
Two words about the ambience: What ambience?
Sam, the bearded owner and Owen, his shifty looking sidekick make new combinations all the time and then they have the regular fare as well. 
It's a little over the top with all the British sodas, crisps and chachkas. I had a Fentiman's Burdock and Dandelion soda. Tasted like a cross between Dr. Pepper and root beer. I would have done fine with a Barq's Root Beer. 
Get there early in the day. I am told the pickings get slimmer as the day wears on. Worth it just to see what a perfect crust tastes like.I am so excited about this "Pie Shop". I had such a delightful experience when I stopped in. I could very easily eat a whole tray of the meat and onion pie. I am excited to go back and eat more sausage rolls. Let me not forget to mention they have British soda. The gentleman behind the counter was very friendly and hospitable. It really brought back some fond memories.This place is great! Food is always unique and amazing, definitely get the mash and liquor with your pie. Sam and his crew are friendly and fun, and you can even win a free pie if you find the pie with the star underneath! I won once and it made my day!I found out about Stargazy through Instagram. And ironically enough, I ended up on their Instagram page (THANKS LUCKY STAR!!!). Having lived in South Philly for a few years, I'm always excited to see what new shops/restaurants are opening in that neighborhood.
But the truth is... I like meat and I like pie; put them together and you better believe I'll show up!! And I did. Twice in one day. Once in the morning, for the breakfast pie, and once for lunch time. I don't visit Philly as often as I used to, so every time I'm in the city I want to try as many new places as possible. But this had to be done!
In one day I tried four different pies, and I should have got even more. I've been craving them ever since. I love the fact that their menu changes on a daily basis. And while the dish itself may look simple, the complexity of it comes out from the layer of flavors. I mean, Oxtail Cheesesteak? Jerk Braised Goat? Those pies were MONEY!!! I wish I got to try a duck pie, but I guess I'll just have to come back!
I knew I was in for a treat. I had been talking about it with my friends the night before. I planned out to go to Stargazy. So my expectations were already high. But after devouring all those pies I really fell in love with this place. And not just for the pies (which, again, are fantastic; for breakfast, lunch, brunch, second lunch, pre-dinner, dinner, snack, Netflix and chill, etc.. honestly, anytime, anywhere!)
The authenticity is genuine at Stargazy. In addition to working hard to produce consistency, it's obvious that the people working there are highly experienced. And maybe it's because they are located in my old neighborhood. But there is a level of comfort that exists at Stargazy that's hard to put in words.
Thank you Stargazy! For making me miss living in South Philly so much. Can't wait to come back!!!Meat pies, a hearty treat that satisfy my hunger cravings.  Recommend for a Sunday morning hangover cure.I'm not really sure what to say. The food at Stargazy is amazing, really amazing, but both times I went they were out of food. The first time I tried going right after work - I thought I could catch them a half hour before closing, but they were out of everything. My mistake. Luckily there are plenty of other restaurants in the area with more reasonable hours, so I went over to Devil's Den.
The second time I went, I waited in a long line only to learn that they were out of several pies and out of mash. If I lived a few blocks away, I would go back, and I would go often. But since a visit to Stargazy is unreliable, I won't make the trip again unless I find myself hungry and in the neighborhood.It doesn't get much more authentic than the English pies at Stargazy. The individually sized pies are a perfect serving of delicious English meat pies. The pastry is outstanding, and the gravy inside the pie is excellent--I swear I could be eating these pies in England!
Of particular interest: the family-sized pie option involves you bringing a pie dish into the restaurant and a request for a specific kind of pie to be made. They quote you a price and you come pick up your made to order pie in your own dish.
Also worth trying: the pork rolls and pasty.How amazing to have found this place!  Inexpensive but with quality food in a great neighborhood in a fantastic city!  I had the cornish pasty, my husband had the steak and kidney pie.  He's English  and raved about it, we even took home another pie for later!  Get it with mash for a true experience.  Congratulations on a fantastic place and great food.  We'll be back for sure!With the English weather upon us,  this is the perfect winter comfort food. I got the basic meat pie with mash and it was delicious and very authentic. They also sell digestive cookies if you happen to love them as much as I Do!This place is fantastic. Very filling for the price, and flavors you won't find in any other spot I've tried in Philadelphia. Grab a pie and sit outside by the fountain. 
I consider myself a mashed potato aficionado and was blown away by their mash.    
Super friendly service and atmosphere. Will definitely go again.I tried Stargazy for the first time today and I am SO glad I did. I ordered the classic beef and onion pie with mash and parsley liquor. It was incredible! I didn't think it looked very filling but I was barely able to finish.
Stargazy is a must-try!To be quite honest, I don't understand the hype. I get the idea is cool. Take a step back from a traditional restaurant, make a in and out pie and mash shop - something Philly hasn't seen before. 
But, cool idea aside, my experience was not the best. 
It's hot as hell in that little place. There are flys everywhere - which doesn't bother me - but it certainly wasn't a sign of good things. 
The guy is nice as hell, but out of the signature pie and has no sausage rolls left, so I'm upset about that. The only thing left is Cornish something or other. So I figured I'd try that. 
I really didn't like it one bit, or know what the contents were. 
It's worth another try, early in the am, before the good stuff is gone...This place was awesome, went for lunch with my fiance 
I got the Oxtail Cheesesteak Pie with mash that has the most heavenly parsley gravy aka liquor, seriously I wish they sold large vats of this stuff so I could put it on everything from now on. He had the mushroom with Rosemary & Goat Cheese pie. He's not even a big mushroom fan but he LOVED it! We split the sticky toffee pudding which we seem to have devoured in seconds. The atmosphere is low key and relaxed... authentic British. Additionally the menu is well priced, it is a great value for such a quality meal!
The chef, Sam Jacobson is genuinely excited about the food he is putting out and that really comes across and is contagious. You don't see eel too often on menus but after the amazing meal we had I would eat anything this guy would prepare. So don't be afraid to try something new when you're here. Can't wait to go back to try more. This opened at the perfect time, with Fall arriving a nice hearty pie is exactly what Philly needs and especially come this winter we will have a regular spot to visit. 
We would have taken a picture of our meals but the food was so good we forgotAhhh, British meat pies in Philly. And they're bloody brilliant!
We ordered the lamb, eggplant, and red wine pie, the beefy pie, and the liver pie. I don't remember their official names, but who cares, they were heavenly. We ate them after a hike and it was meaty energy that was honestly way too much food. I would recommend no more than one pie per person, and if you get the mash to go with it, plan to not eat for the rest of the day. So good and the perfect, flaky, buttery goodness if you are a meat and potatoes gal, like me. :)This place is delicious! We just wandered in hungry -- never having been to a British eatery before -- and were delighted by the great flavors. Parsley liquor is banging. I put that on everything. We got the beef pie and a special - chicken pie with some lemongrass and other yummy flavors. Both pies were winners. Mash also yummy. Free hot tea too!My first introduction to the British culinary tradition of "pie and mash," and they are spectacular. The crusts are super flaky and there are pies for both meat lovers and vegetarians. Sam only makes a limited number of pies so get there early or they are gone!I'm a newcomer to British fare, but Stargazy completely lives up to the hype. Sam's cuisine is sincere and delicious. His pies are like a warm, comforting hug for your insides and his sticky toffee pudding is not to be missed. 
Worth coming back to, again and again. An incredible spot in Philadelphia's continually evolving and diversifying restaurant industry.I had heard really good things about this place and was happy when I finally made it over there last week. I had a Cornish pasty, which was excellent. When I got there though, there were two people in line ahead of me. Shouldn't have been a big deal, I can wait patiently. For whatever reason though, 2 people ahead of me with normal orders = a ten-minute wait just to place my order. Which is kind of stupid cause the food is all pre-made (I'd say recently pre-made, cause it tasted nice and fresh. I'm just saying it doesn't have to take 10 minutes to box up 2 pies and two sides of mashed potatoes.) The food was great, so I'm definitely gonna be back since it could have just been an "off" moment when I was there. I'll update this review when I make it back.My review of Stargazy is well overdue, since I've been eating here 2-3 times per week for the past month. I just can't get enough. 
On the first visit, my wife & I were in the area looking for somewhere to have lunch. I had been curious about Stargazy for some time, so we stopped in & ordered a traditional pie to go. I took a bite & was speechless! My wife didn't believe that it could be as good as my facial expression said that it was, so she snatched the pie out of my hand to try for herself "OH MY GOD" she uttered in between bites! We ran back, and ordered more pies along with mash & parsley liquor, to take home for dinner...AMAZING! I've been hooked since!
Stargazy is absolute perfection! The traditional beef & onion pie is to die for. I also look forward to different daily specials. I haven't been disappointed with any combination that Sam creates! In addition to the pies, and some of the best mashed potatoes that you'll ever have, the sticky toffee pudding is absolutely addictive!British food has a pretty bad reputation.  Of all the things the Brits do right (tea, MINI Coopers, Downton Abbey, Princess Kate), food is just not their thing.  So if you had told me I'd give a British meat pie shop 5 stars, I'd say BULLOCKS!
But alas, there is a killer British place a few blocks from my house and I'm very excited about this.  I visited to take out at lunchtime on a Saturday.  Keep in mind, this spot will close when they sell out- check their facebook for updates.  Also, the shop itself is tiny- maybe 10 chairs? So I'd plan for this to be a visit for lunch to-go.
I ordered a bacon and egg pie, a mushroom/escarole/fontina pie, and two orders of mashed potatoes and parsley oil, which came to about $17 with tax.  Before I go any further, you may ask, What is parsley oil?  I really have no clue what is in it, but it tastes like a light herb-y gravy.  And was super good.
So how was the food?  First of all, all of this was enough for both of our lunches, as well as my lunch the next day.  (FWIW, we are fairly light eaters).  The pies were delicious.  Flakey buttery crust and the fillings were amazing.  The mashed potatoes and parsley oil were super delicious as well.  Perfectly warm and filling for a fall day. 
Overall, I LOVE that there is an interesting new food option on the Avenue, that is not only incredibly delicious but also super affordable. I'm really hoping this spot takes off and is open at dinner time and has a larger seating area.  In the meantime, however, I will definitely be stopping in whenever I have a chance.This place is awesome. Nothing else like it in Philly. Very filling, not very pricey, and always fun to try something new. The pie crusts are phenomenal. Can not recommend enough.Sam Jacobson, a dual UK/US citizen, decided to bring a little taste of home to 1838 E. Passyunk Ave. this summer. Stargazy is now THE place for pies and mash in Philly. Admittedly, it may also be the only place for pie and mash in the city, but don't let that hoodwink you into thinking it's anything less than dreamy.
The offerings change daily, but the charm, that's always available. Despite opening in the summer, Stargazy still manages to rock that "New Resto Smell" and the lines haven't stopped for these flaky, piping hot meat pies. My buddy and I picked a (slightly) chilly December day to stroll down south and see what the hype was about.
We were the first ones in the door, and the pies weren't quite ready, so we loitered outside, reviewing the day's menu on my phone, licking our lips and clutching our empty bellies. Oh, and sipping some (free!) tea.
Our patience was soon rewarded. Pie, mash, and parsley liquor (spoiler alert: no actual liquor in there, you'll have to hit the pub afterwards). So simple. So very, very satisfying. BONUS: If you spot a star on the bottom of your pie, they reward you with... ANOTHER PIE! That said, the prices aren't steep and you're definitely getting a filling meal for your bucks.
In the cases at the storefront, Jacobson also offers an assortment of British treats straight from the source. I haven't dabbled (yet), but I had my eyes on the prize. Or, should I say, I had my eyes on the pies?
Hot sausage, broccoli rabe, and mozzarella. I went "off-tradition" away from the regular offerings of beef and onion pies because I spent most of my life trying to find new ways to enjoy spicy sausage ( #notaeuphemism).
It was absolutely to die for. The crust was perfect. The fillings were steaming and rich in flavor. The parsley liquor made me consider a life of sobriety if I could, instead, just have a steady stream of that to pour over any and all savory treats.
Sure, I didn't have the stomach capacity at the time for a sausage roll or one of their legendary bananoffee tarts. But that's the point, right? Much like with the velvety voice of Benedict Cumberbatch, all it took was one taste for me to begin jonesing for more. Stargazy, I'll see you soon. Keep the kettle boiling, and I'll be looking for stars.A persons first time can be a wonderful, well planned and sensual thing. A first time can also be a fumbling, unplanned and clumsy experience. I wish I was talking about sex here. Either would be fine with me because Sex.
I'm actually talking about the first time trying a really anticipated new restaurant. When Sam Jacobson told me he planned on opening a British pie shop in Philly, I pretty much didn't hear a word he said after pie, but I got the impression that it would be something I'd really like. 
After being teased about it on Facebook and Instagram for months, Stargazy finally opened this week. With my busy schedule I didn't know just when I could go, but discussions with friends were in the works to make the trip. Waiting is really hard though.
I had made a plan to meet a friend for a late lunch today in a completely different part of the Delaware Valley. I received a call as I left work that the friend was having trouble, so I instead met him in the city where we had a good south philly sandwich. Since we both knew Sam, the subject of Stargazy came up and before we knew it, we were standing in his perfect little shop. 
Ideally, the way it was supposed to go was that I would come to the shop early, eat breakfast lunch and dinner there and pretty much become the guest that wouldn't leave.
Instead, I was there after just eating and not a bit peckish.
That however,  didn't stop me once I laid my eyes on some of his wares. Most notably my eyes were drawn to the banana tart in the cooler. My buddy and I decided to share it, which was a terrible idea. Not the tart, but the sharing thing. It was exquisite. If it was the only thing Sam sold I would still recommend it highly. I also brought one home for the kids to try (their response still pending).
I was also lucky enough to be there as some meat pies were coming out of the oven, and while I wasn't ready to eat, I had to have one to go. I planned on having it for lunch the next day but had to smell it in the car on the way home and ended up devouring it within a few minutes of being home.
Again, it was a masterpiece. Just as you are marveling at how good the crust is, the filling smacks you in the face and says, "I will not be ignored!". It's that good.
So do yourself a favor and get yourself to Passyunk and try anything that Sam has to offer. You won't regret it. But there may be a walk of shame afterwards from eating too much ...because Pie.The food here was tasty, but nothing really mind-blowing. With respect to the pies, the crust has the right amount of crisp and flakiness, without being too thick, and the filling is flavorful, but that is how average pies should be made. The fact that this is exceptional in Philly speaks more to the fact that other places that offer pies (savory or sweet) don't make them right and sell sub-par pies to the public, rather than this place being excellent. You would find this level of quality or better on every street corner in Europe. However, as things stand, this is probably one of the best places for savory pies in Philly for the price - which, while not cheap, is probably the best value you'll find in this area. 
Everyone seems to rave about the traditional beef and onion pie's filling. It is indeed tasty, but again, nothing mind-blowing because it is pretty much ground beef with sauteed onions, seasoned with salt, pepper, and probably a bit of garlic powder - a simple combo I often use in my home cooking anyway. I could also quickly figure out how they made the other items I tried - the sausage roll, cornish pasty, and banoffee tart. For me, for something to be 5-star quality, it should take me a lot longer to figure out how they made it. However, I do like the simplicity of some menu items, like how the mashed potatoes taste fresh (made from good potatoes) and do not taste like too much (if any) butter or cream or seasoning was added, which allows the natural flavor of the potato to dominate. 
I would definitely recommend ordering take-out rather than sitting in, since there are only 4 tables of 2 available. If there's a soccer game going on, some people will sit there for hours. Even people not watching the game sit at the tables for hours without ordering anything. This makes it hard for people who commute a long way to get here to enjoy a fresh plate of pie, mash, and parsley liquor, unless they are lucky. (It took me 45-minutes to get here, and I awkwardly waited over an hour for a table - completely not worth it.) The line often goes out the door. They also run out of tea mugs quickly, and do not seems to be staffed enough to replace the mugs when they run out (so maybe bring your own mug?). There are definitely a lot of kinks in this business, but the best way to avoid them is probably to order a bunch of pies to-go, keep them in your fridge, then eat them gradually throughout the week.I check instagram for Stargazy's menu so often it is bookmarked in my browser. You can never go wrong with any pie. The traditional meat pie is solid and the specials pies are varied and delicious. Follow them on instagram and if they are having a weekend special with Yorkshire pudding, go get it. Even if they aren't, go anyway and try to find the star and get immortalized in a picture.Ordered through Caviar about an hour ago and my god these pies are divine. Just the standard meat pie is a symphony of crust, parsley liquor, and amazing potatoes. 5/5 stars.Eeling for something delicious to fill your pie hole? This is the shop! Stargazy cannot banoffee any more delectable. Sam, the owner, tells crumby jokes and serves a mash of English foods daily. Try his cans for a refreshing drink when you're especially thirsty. Owen in the kitchen is a bit of a HobNob but you'll get pasty his bitter demeanor in time. The tea is free in exchange for a cuppa bucks in donations to charity. No jumping through Hula Hoops to find your favorite English snack foods either. The shelf is always filled with the pud. 
God save the queen!I love me a British meat pie and these are deelicious. A hole in the wall worth a visit. And the guys behind the counter will make you smile.Me and meat pies go way back. French Canadians eat meatpie for Christmas, so the concept is not weird to me. We had a brief falling out after I saw Sweeney Todd, but we're back on good terms now that Sam Jacobson, meatpie whisperer extraordinaire, has redeemed them for me, and put them back in their rightful place, a place of adoration.
Stargazy is exactly what the neighborhood needed, a solid place to get a delicious meal or snack for a reasonable price. I've now tried the following,  and I won't rest until I try everything on the menu (the menu changes daily so I'm in it for the long haul).
Traditional beef and onion: flavorful, yet simple, hearty and perfect for cold weather. 
Lamb curry: got this to go and it was still heavenly even reheated. Hefty portion of meat and great flavor.
Pumpkin habanero chevre: not your ordinary pumpkin pie. Savory and not too spicy. 
Mash and parsley liquor: parsley liquor sounds weird but you will find yourself wanting to lick the plate to get the last remnants. Pro tip: save some pie crust and use it to sop up the last remnants. Mash is delicious and the perfect comfort food. 
Banoffee tart: tart, toffee, bananas, and whipped cream.  A wise Gwen Stefani once said: This shit is bananas, BANANAS. There's a good chance she was referring to this tart.
Sticky toffee pudding: warmed up and served with a hefty dose of heavy cream. Like a gingerbread cookie on crack. Best choice we made of the day. 
Apple and Apricot tart: like Apple pie but better, also had heavy cream poured into a little crevice. 
Free tea: donations accepted for local charities. 
Fancy crisps: crisps are what Brits call chips, and Stargazy has an assortment of exotic crisps for sale! Tried Prawn Cocktail which was good. There are also various other British snacks for sale. 
Seating can be a challenge but there's a little park across the street that would be the perfect spot if you don't snag one of the few (pie pun engraved) tables. If you do grab a table,  don't linger too long,  people are waiting. This place is as hot as its pies right now,  if you come anytime after opening,  expect a line, a wait for fresh pies, and several items to be out. Look out for a star on the bottom of your pie- it means you won a free pie! Check their instagram for daily menu and to make sure they're not sold out. Sam has also used the instagram as a lost and found, which is adorable.  There's no point calling because they don't have a phone (who would answer it,  they're to busy slinging pies). Come stuff your piehole!I've been waiting for this type of place for a while and it's finally here. Great beef pie and mash!I've wanted to go to Stargazy for a while and finally made it down on a very grey, drizzly evening to really round off the Philly-London experience. 
I personally loved the space but it can definitely be sensory overload as soon as you walk in. Not only is it very tiny, there's a lot going on between the loud music, soccer broadcast, and the kitchen din. The menu can be hard to read in the middle of all this unless you studied it ahead of time on the Stargazy instagram. 
The 2 pies & mash & parsley liquor for $14 will give you one (generous) serving of mash and liquor with two pies piled on top of a single plate. If you want separate plates and separate servings, you'll need to ask for two meals which are $9 each. I ordered a traditional and specialty pie and it totaled out to $16 (+$1 for the specialty pie and +$1 for tax). 
A note, they don't have a real cashbox, just a biscuit tin, so there was a mix up when I got my change for a $20 back and it was 3 one-dollar bills and three quarters...and a nickel. So make sure you count your change on the spot if you pay in cash. Ordering the food was somewhat difficult because Sam was continually distracted by giving directions to the second cook, plating the food, and dealing with the register but he was friendly and had a smile the entire time while running around.
The traditional beef and onion pie was hearty and good but the braised pig face and cabbage was amazingly delicious and perfectly seasoned. The potatoes tasted great, smooth and very obviously not from a mix. I was surprised by how much I liked the parsley liquor. There's definitely a sort of green-bitter taste to it at first but it goes so well with the meaty pies that the sour taste fades quickly into the background.
It's a nice amount of food for two people, filling without leaving you uncomfortably full. I was really tempted to try out their desserts but the person I was with found it incredibly difficult to hold a conversation in the middle of everything going on so we left after finishing our tea. The hot tea is complimentary but we put in a few bucks to support the charity of the month and encourage everyone else too as well.
Overall, a fantastic local place with solid food and a few service quirks to iron out.The pies are simply to die for, the right amount of filling and the crust is perfect- not too thick or doughy.Walked in around 1:30pm on a weekday and was hoping to get the savory pie of the day and a sausage roll, but sadly they were soldout, so I ordered the traditional beef and onion pie with mashed potatoes and parsley liquor.  The pie was wonderful -- great crust and tasty filling. The parsley liquor complements it well. It offers some acid to cut the richness of the pie and serves as a nice gravy for the mashed potatoes. The potatoes themselves were okay. They weren't as creamy or flavorful as I would've hoped for. 
If you're interested in trying out Stargazy, I'd recommend coming right before the lunch rush to get the full assortment of menu items. Try the beef and onion pie and parsley liquor but you can probably skip the mash.So so sooo good! The vegetarian pie's are always delicious! So hyped this place is in my neighborhood! Their desserts are also total magic!We had tried 2 starred pies: bacon shrimp mushroom and squash goat cheese. We liked both, but bacon one more. Sauce and mash are tasty as well. Nice tea!I grabbed two things here the traditional meat and onion pie with mashed potatoes and liquor and the sausage roll.  
The meat pie is delicious - well seasoned and great meaty flavor.  The pie crust is flaky and crispy.  You can also get some mashed potatoes and liquor (a dill sauce).  The mashed potatoes were under seasoned and would pass the next time we go.  I wasn't a fan of the dill sauce either and would rather have a traditional gravy. 
The sausage roll is great. It's probably 6-8 inches long and is everything you want in a meat roll.  Pie crust is flaky and sausage is well seasoned.  
One of the better places to grab some UK style food in the city!I grew up in London so this type of food has a special sentimental value for me. I was looking for a nostalgic fix, and got it, more or less.
The sausage roll was savory and satisfying, though a little buttery. Definitely a full course, not a snackable treat. The mince and onion pie with mash was probably my favorite. It warmed the cockles of my heart. I didn't get that tear-jerking jolt back to my childhood in Croydon, but it did strike some happy reminiscent notes. Drawback is that it's quite expensive; this type of food is supposed to be fuel for the working man, and at these prices it's sort of a bourgeoisie hipster curiosity, instead.Omg. This place is amazing. I heard all the hype and the reviews and on this snowy April afternoon decided to give it a go. Stargazy you did not disappoint. Rich, interesting flavors. Almost a lightness to it.  Literally now have a new craving.Heard great things about this place and had been looking forward to coming here for a while. Totally disappointed with the food. Staff were nice and I can see how the smallness is the shop can be appealing especially as a neighborhood place but just not for me. Won't be back.I loved Sycamore when Chef Sam was at the helm, and so I was deliriously happy when he opened Stargazy. The meat pies are stellar, no matter which pie you choose--the classic or a daily special. The sausage rolls are also amazing. A lot of it is the crust/pastry . . . it's so flaky and full of delicious fat. The apple pies are good, as well.
And yes, you *can* get jellied eels here. I've tried them, and it's not my thing (not even a little), but Sam is super particular about where he gets them from and how they're prepared.Understandably why this is given 5 stars from everyone.
We walk in and are greeted with a smile by the Chef/Owner, Sam. As Same attends double duty, cooking and serving, there's another chef in the back baking away keeping up with the pies in preparation for the next day.
I couldn't grasp the menu at first, it's small and bunched together. I had Sam explain to me how it "works". He explained and then explained again to my own retention that wasn't on point that night and he did so with no attitude but a smile.
We ordered our food and since it was for "here", Sam asked if we would like a beverage and also said or you can have tea, it's free. Help yourself to a selection of mugs, grab a tea bag, here's the cream and hot water.  How awesome, It was very nice that Sam didn't wait for us to make a choice to buying a drink first before telling us about the free tea. It's the small tings like that what makes an honest business man.
I tried the Chicken/Bacon pie with mash and my Fiancee got the beef/onion pie with mash. At $9 a full dinner that will fill you up and leave you wanting for more. The pies had great flavor and the mash was smooth with just the right touch of pepper. We order the Sticky toffee desert. My fiance uttered the words " I'm in heaven", I've never heard her say that before except..for..ah-hem..well...ok but enough of that, it just meant this desert is lucky to be on my level ;-)  
As we were eating, 2 guys walked in and we over heard the one saying "man, these are so good but bad for you and having 6 in one day doesn't help"  lol, really, I had to say something, the guy really did and seriously they are that good.  You can either sit-in or take-out. It's a cozy quaint place and very comforting. there are also a selection of small treats and condiments for sale from England.
Be sure to stop in and say hi to Sam and grab some authentic British food, you'll leave satisfied and full.THIS PLACE IS THE BEST. 
Extremely affordable and the best meat pies I've ever had. 
I hear Sam is awesome and obviously has great talent, but my girl Sandy does an exquisite job putting it all together. 
You must try these pies!Can't believe we waited so long to come. Saturday brunch consisted of a traditional beef and onion pie with mash and parsley gravy, a corned beef Ruben pie, and today's special - a combination of curry spiced lamb and fruit. Washed down with a local ginger beer brew and hot tea. 
Great "Sprinter" ( spring winter) meal. Stargazy satisfies.First time trying this place based on a Best of Philly Mag review. Very small...just a few tables. Had the 2 pie and mash option with the  parsley liquor. Tried the steak and onion and mussel and chorizo pies. Both were very good. The  parsley liquor is just okay...not much flavor...not sure why everyone raves about it and not sure it added anything but some moisture to the mash. Will be back to try more menu items and update my review if I feel any differently. It's nice to have a unique offering like this in South Philly.Great food with friendly staff.  I had the lamb with peaches and a blueberry pie.  Easy street parking in a great Philly neighborhood.Normally don;t write reviews, but this place is 5 stars all the way!  And they Tottenham Hotspur fans too!Perfect hike in the wall meat pie/pastry spot. Unassuming and friendly staff. We had 3 different pies and each were so tasty!Even as a fellow Brit I didn't know a sausage roll could taste so good! I'm so excited I finally came and tried these pies. The pastry was perfectly flaky and golden. In the pie I got along with my sausage roll the filling was great (although I would of liked to have a steak and onion or meat and potato pie). I came here in hopes of getting the full English breakfast I saw on insta and was told since he's really busy making all the pies, etc. he can only do it on Saturdays, and even with that he can't promise every Saturday-so check ahead if that is what you are wanting. Also the fact that I could get ribena made this experience even better. The owner of this little establishment is definitely doing all the right things!I don't get why everyone is obsessed with this place. Everyone knows that British food isn't actually food, but the leftover rummages from garbage bins late at night on Essex street. Stargay is a particular brand of frightening. And who watches Farttenham? What on Earth would make anyone think it's acceptable to bake an entire sardine with a head sticking out and a tongue flopping around? My fish had poo in its intestines. YUCK. 
And like what kind of psycho bakes a pie using ONLY butter? Where's the margarine? Isn't the whole point of life to hasten death?First time there just now and it was just after 4pm and they were already out of quite a bit of stuff as it seems like they are just that busy! Good for them! I think it was the owner that served me and could not have been nicer. Ordered the brocolli & cheddar pie and the chicken & mushroom. They were delicious and I can see why they are running out! Must get there early in the day to get the mash etc next time. If you have not been there yet run, don't walk! :)Delicious savory pies and lip-smackingly good desserts! Couldn't have found a better place to try British cuisine!