When they cheese-steaks cost 3 dollars it was fine, I didn't mind the "help'ya" attitude where everyone would stop and look you in the mouth waiting for you to order so they try to put you on the spot to see how you react under pressure...I could care less, I got the money, they need me more than I need them..but now the prices are just like everywhere else, so there is no point in coming back.Ordered lunch and the pizza came cold. Horrible customer service when I called said, "well what do you want me to do about it"...really I expect my food to be hot when delivered especially since your store is less than 10 minutes away and my order took over an hour to arrive horribleUsed to go back in the day because their prices were very low, other than that, when you get in there you need to pay close attention to the shouting of whose order is coming, and then you get the look of shame as the whole place stops on point and stares at you if you don't have the money in hand ready to go or if you do something else out of process.  True Philly attitude no question, but now that the prices have increased, what's the point in taking the shouting and staring?Staple of my childhood!  I grew up with this pizza.  Can't say anything bad about the place.  My opinion is rather biased since I grew up in the northeast, however, they do have decent food at a decent price.Quantity over quality. Good fries, hoagies, and cheesesteaks. Pizza is cheap and saucy.Station's been there since I moved to the northeast twenty years ago. Although I have respect for the pizza joint for its longevity I must admit that the pizza itself is smaller than typical sizes (a medium is a small, while a large is a medium etc.) and they can get quite greasy which is a real turn off for me in regards to pizza. Will probably come back but later down the line once other pizza joints in the area have been exhausted.This is the worst pizza I have ever tasted. Food here is crap. He is even cheap on the sauce he spreads on the pizza, dry tasteless thin. Crappy food will never eat here againI have a hard time being critical of Station given the incredibly cheap pricing. Even though it isn't the best in town, the prices keep me coming back, esp on those large catering orders.
Catering trays somewhat inconsistent - have had mozzarella sticks and chicken fingers. Sometimes they're amazing and sometimes there's no cheese inside. Overall, big fan of their cheeseburger pizza but not their buffalo chicken because of the red sauce. Would leave the reg cheese due to it usually seeming overcooked but the pepperoni pie is very good.The food we ordered last evening was delivered over 40 minutes late. Several attempts to contact Station pizza were unanswered and then they claimed the driver delivered the food an entire hour before he did. So despite getting cold, inedible food, this restaurant made no effort to make it right for the customer. It's already mediocre at best but it's cheap so we order from here occasionally. Not anymore.  I am appalled by their behavior.Lousy pizza.Burnt crust,hardly any cheese or sauce.The store looks very dirty.Pizza dough is stored on trays,near front door,people brush past this each time,as they enter & exit!Very unsanitary.The cheesesteak was the smallest i have ever seen!Great food incredibly cheap. The Antipasta Salad with Tuna is off the hook. Keep up the good work Station Pizza you Folks make a mean Hand Tossed Pizza Pie too. Please clear out your seating I'd love to knock down a Cheese Steak for lunch sometime. Oh yeah try the Italian Ice it's got real fruit and chocolate in it too!I have been getting pizza here for over a year and I love it because the prices are unbeatable. You can get three large plain pizzas for $15. Many places charge $15 for just one pizza. The pizza is pretty good but is very greasy and needs to be promptly blotted with paper towels. I got delivery from them once and it took a very long time but we usually just do pick up because it is cheaper and faster. If you have friends over and want a large quantity pizza station is the way to go if you are a gourmand and want quality over quantity station may not meet your standards.In my opinion, this place has some of the best pizza in Northeast Philly. More particularly their double dough pizza it was delicious. Only problem is, it depends on who was cooking it. I have gotten pizza from here sometimes and it's burnt on the bottom. Sometimes I've gotten it and it's fine. Some other problems with the space include that their menu is too big, and I think because of this some of their food black quality. For example their boneless wings taste rubbery. However their cheese fries are the bomb.com. Another downfall is sometimes I take forever to deliver, but you're delicious double dough is worth the However. Station Pizza is a staple of the community.  As most of the nearby schools, also order from them because they offer discount pricing to the school district. No, you can't beat a large pizza that only cost $6!Mediocre food, at best. My order took 1 hour and 45 minutes to show up, after calling the place twice. Terrible service, slow delivery. Definetly not worth the wait.Station is a gem and one of my favorites as far as northeast pizza goes. I won't lie, the food isn't great when compared with other local fare, but it is WAY cheaper. Usually sacrificing quality for price doesn't work, but it totally does at Station. They get three stars for food and five stars for price, giving them an average of four. 
Keep it going boys!I usually get Italian hoagies here with extra meat. Other than that, it's been a while since I've had anything else. They do have a good white pie.Food is great and prices are very reasonable.  Although they never deliver the right soft drinks.   I only drink Diet Coke and I have almost a case of regular cokes that they delivered wrong on various occasionsThis is the best pizza place in town!! Just had aDelicious dinner! Always delectable goodness when you eat here. Or if u order in! Come here to satiate your hunger!!!Phenomenal Pizza! I often make the 4o minute trip back to my old neighborhood just for their special order double-dough pizza. High quality ingredients and a pie that just can't be beat. 
You can get all of the flavors of Lorenzo's without having to go all the way to South Street.Known simply as "Station" to the locals here in "Sun Valley", this pizza joint is or has been a staple in most homes in the area...
If you grew up around here like I did, this uber cheap pizza was your family's go to for lazy pizza nights. There's a reason all the schools in the area and the all the parents came here for their kiddos pizza parties. I mean, a large pie is just $6! 
One of my biggest pizza pet peeves is a slice that doesn't hold its own weight. Unfortunately theirs don't. Either fold your slice, ask for it well done or have that warmed pizza stone ready in your oven at home and you're fine. White with broccoli has been a forever favorite of mine and now it is for my kiddos. Just ask for it half garlic if you plan on kissing your mate later that night. Their red sauce is pretty good. Not too sweet or acidic either. You are going to want to pat your pie down first. It's a little greasy. 
Station offers hoagies, gyros, Italian plates and pastas, a few salads, wings, and of course all of your fried favorite calorie heavy apps. New items are seafood based and quesadillas. They also offer breakfast, including breakfast pizza. 
Their cheesesteaks are often ordered in our family too. Just ok. The meat isn't fatty and they're on the smaller side. Don't expect a South Philly roll, but it will satisfy a steak craving if you can't head to a place better known for steaks. 
No one ever goes out of their way to come to Station, it's more of a convenience or cost efficient thing. If you're in the area or have to feed an army, give it a try.
 I suggest ordering takeout rather than dining in. Grab a single brew which they also sell to go too! The place hasn't been updated in 30 years. The staff isn't overly friendly except for the one guy who has been there as long as the decor. 
Ooh, and if you find yourself nearby in the summer, definitely try their vanilla chip or chocolate chip homemade water ice. It's delicious!!This place is awesome they have like a four dollar cheesesteak. Sure it's not a Steve's but its the same as any corner store pizza place and its cheaper. Great place.I called and ordered a pizza from this joint, the guy on the phone told me about an half an hour, and before I could ask him how much the cost was. He rudely hung up the phone on my face. An half an hour went by, then an hour, I call back wondering what was taking so long. The same guy answered again, and had the nerve to tell me, that the delivery guy wasn't in when I called, and only came in right now. That he will send him out to me (not even an apology). He never told me that. So I let that slide. Then finally when the delivery guy comes to my house. My bill came out to $6.00, I gave him a ten, and he only gave me three dollars back for change. When I asked him, where the dollar was that he owed me. He lied, and tried to steal it from me saying I handed it to him! Whne I never did. He tried to JIP me. I told him if he wanted the dollar so bad, to keep it, and sent him off his way. What a rude man he is.THE NERVE!! I will never order from this nasty place again. Oh and the food sucks! When I opened up my hoagie the bread was burnt, and the taste terrible. The french fries are just as bad!!! I rather pay more, then to be put through that ever again!What really pissed me off was:
1) I asked for extra celery with the wings. They said they couldn't do extra celery, which I thought was a little strange, but ok. When the meal came I got NO CELERY. Like if you're out of celery just lmk. But I got nothing. Not even celery. 
2) We ordered garlic on the pizza. There was no garlic on the pizza. We also ordered onion and spinach. There were a couple slices that had small mountains of onion on them but the spread was just really thoughtless. They maybe sacrificed a few leaves of spinach. Thanks. 
3) Weakest wing sauce I've ever had. 
You know, there's not much great food in the northeast. They should try harder.This place is a standard pizza and sandwich place. The pizza,cheesesteaks and hoagies are pretty good. I like the white pizza with broccoli and garlic. The fries are my favorite. There customer service isn't the friendliest all the time but their prices are very affordable. This place needs a bit of a makeover because everything kind of looks old and dingy.Place is ghetto...they use boxes from other pizza places and tape their menu on top!!!Without a doubt, in all my years of buying pizza, this is the best place.
I thought Tonelli's in Horsham was the best until I purchased a large plain when I moved to the Krewstown neighborhood in Jan. of 2007.
There's a place under Madison Square Garden (NYC) also nearly as good but, hands down, Station is the BEST PLAIN pizza in Philly.
What makes it the best?
They don't pour excess cheese on the pie. It's just a nice even amount of cheese across the entire pie. I think that accentuates the flavor.
Plus, I bet their customers live longer as a result of not dealing with the extra cholesterol.
Definitely should have one of their large plains once a week.
They don't have a large turnover of workers. Just the same friendly faces week after week.
I'm glad I stumbled upon the place.
Took a couple of plain pies to last year's Temple vs. Villanova football tailgate and got thumbs' ups all around.
I made Sunday night pizza night because of it.Inconsistent pricing. I go out of my way for their Italian. Was charged $3.95 twice for an extra meat, then I was charged $5.00 and then $5.95. Today I was charged $6.45. I only had $6 on me, so the guy did let me slide. I will give them that.I'm not one to talk badly about one's business, however when you conduct your business this way, its almost as if you deserve it. I ordered there for the first ad last time recently. My first problem was caused my the attitude of the person who answered the phone. Everyone has bad days, and has a few moments when life gets overwhelming, however you shouldn't let that reflect on the way you do your job. In my opinion, everyone is replaceable, and if you don't want to smile and be happy at your place of employment, then I'll find someone who will. My second problem occurred with the pizza. It was under cooked, under seasoned, and just outright gross. I would have rather had the pizza the state gives to public schools for lunch. My third problem was the cheese steak. I asked for a "cheese steak with wiz, extra fried onions and ketchup" I guess that the cook thought that mushrooms and onions are the same thing. I checked the order slip and my order was punched in right, so at least the person on the phone did that correct. The WORST part of it all, its an eye sore, nobody wants to walk into a place where there have just ordered food for dinner and see people texting, let alone fixing their hair. Id believe it if someone told me it had not been cleaned properly in a year. I would have called and expressed all of this to the manager, however, I do not live close, I was going to be passing by and was on Yelp and saw good reviews so decided to give it a try. It was too far for me to drive back to the store. If there was an option for negative 1 starts that would be my correct rating.Excellent pizza. The gravy is superb and 3 large pies for $15 cannot be beat. Also very consistent which is not always a common occurrence at most pizza shops.Quality and service has gone way down in the last couple years. Pizzas were average before but worth it because of the cheap prices, now it would be better and cheaper to grab a frozen pizza from the supermarket. I live about 2 blocks from the restaurant and the past 3 times I've ordered delivery and it took over an hour each time. I could walk there in 10 minutes! Also I had to call them back after an hour and ask them where my order was before they sent it over. I would not recommend.Really long wait. Order was wrong. Reordered and it took even longer. I wouldn't order again. I would not recommend.it's not the best pizza but it's dirt cheap, if your ordering a cheesesteak I suggest you make it a double 
. It's not the worst food ever, I wouldn't trust the ice cream thoughGreat prices, and a great value. Not the best food but its tasty, and well worth the money, again not the greatest but I am still a loyal customer and will be for life. The house salad is huge and a great value dish for the price, I order it every time. We always order here when we have parties, and its always a hit. Station will never let ya down, consistant and reliable.Good pizza, decent cheesesteaks, great prices. When you're feeding a family, or getting a bunch of pizzas for a party, there's no time for snobbiness....let's remember, pizza is just dough, cheese, & sauce.....you want to pay a LOT for pizza, go to Santucci's.Once again I am raving about this place. There must be 8-12 places closer to my house. I don't call ahead, it takes around 8 minutes and I am on my way. By the way, I am not a "foodie" who is not in shape. This pizza from taste to price can't be beat.Station pizza just added some new delicious items to their menu.  Good food Good quality Good prices!!Horrible! We ordered a garden salad, wing dings, and fries..simple enough, right?  WRONG-- the fries were delivered lukewarm and soggy--they sent over another order of fries--again warm, soggy but this time, they sent the fries in a damn brown paper bag! Owners, employees AND anyone who goes here should  truly be embarrassed!  HORRIBLE, we will NEVER order from here again!I've been teaching at a middle school very close to Station Pizza for 25 years. We've been ordering pizza for students since I've been there. I must admit, the pizza is pretty bad, usually overcooked with stale dough. Nevertheless we buy it because the price is right. Well today I ordered 6 pizzas and one was completely inedible. To top it off, they refused to send another, even after I told them I didn't have enough for the children. They offered me a store credit. Why would I want a store credit for pizza that's not fit for a dog to eat? I believe this pizza was from the previous day, reheated and delivered to me at 11:30 in the morning.Best quick eats in the area I can a dinner for 5 for less then 40 dollars awesome plus they sell six packsIf you must have a pizza and want to spend as little money as possible then this is the place to go. However, I'd suggest just upgrading a few bucks and going elsewhere. You can get better service at Pizza Hut. 
Their pizzas aren't all that great, generally small and skimpy on the cheese. Of course the pizzas are edible, but the people working there are always rude. They treat their customers like second class citizens, grunting and scowling, like the pizza nazis or something. Dealing with them always leaves a bad taste in my mouth.The first and last time I will ever order from them. When I ordered my food, the girl told me it would be at my house within 20 to 30 minutes, however it took over an hour. When I called to see where they were, nobody answered the phone. I ordered a BLT and when it came, everything was all over the place, the lettuce tomato and bacon bits (they didn't even use real bacon) were everywhere in the box and it looked like someone ate half of the fries because there were barely any in there. They also messed up about half of my order and it wasn't complicated. When I called to notify them of my order they were closed because it took them over an hour to get to my house. Worst service ever. Don't waste your money or your time.Their pizza went down after years. Used to be good, not anymore. The pizza is small and greasy and their delivery is slow, save your money and go to another good pizza place in the area.Only ordered a slice, it was pretty good. Looking for a new pizza place for lunch breaks. Next time I'll order a personal pie.Went there for years. So so food, but cheap. Will never go near this place again. The whole place is disgusting. I don't think that anybody ever cleans up. 
The main reason for my 0 star review is because while I was was waiting for my order to be ready I observed the guy making a pizza. He had just put the sauce on it when he went over by the grill and took some paper towels. He then blew his nose repeatedly,  tossed the towels in the trash and immediately went back and reached right into the cheese. Never making any attempt to clean his dirty hands. I left without my order. Horrible. I had to rate a star but it should be below zero.Station Pizza is truly pizza from the train tracks of a train station. For this reason there name is the ONLY thing they got right with their business... They can't seem to get anything else right. I ordered 2 pizzas 3 fries with honey mustards a cheese steak and wings. We got one Pizza no fries but honey mustard, no cheese steak and they were generous enough to remember the wings. The pizza wasn't even cut and ingredients were just sprinkled on top basically raw.. they have 0 multitasking skills or capacity for attention to detail.. it's very sad how similar all their reviews are due to these incompetencesDisgusting food! How can you mess up cheese fries.
Terrible Service! I would have gave it 0 zero stars if possible.Quality and service is very poor. Went to pick up my pizza and noticed how unsanitary the restaurant is. The workers are very rude and have little to no sense of how deal with customersThe pizza is ok.  Crispy crust and the sauce isn't very acidic.  The steak sandwiches are hit or miss, no consistency.  As for product knowledge?  Epic fail.  I called and asked if they would accept a Visa debit card over the phone for payment.  The reply was they only accepted credit cards.  I explained it was a Visa debit and the voice on the other end of the line was apologetic yet insistent that they only accept credit cards.  Based on that, I decided to not place future orders there.
UPDATE 01/07/14 - New help with better understanding of technology has brought me back.
Pizza is still ok and it's cheap so what's not to like?The best, and cheapest, pizza around. I have been all over and I keep returning - from New Hope!Station Pizza at Krewstown shopping center, on Northeast Ave, was a favorite for everyone in nearby neighborhoods. I ate there from the time I was 5 and a had a birthday party there , until I was 39 and moved to Las Vegas. Recently I returned to the northeast Philly area. I found out that, it wasn't the original owner anymore, but I still wanted to give them a chance. I ordered one sandwich and two large pizzas for pick up. The sandwich was a little skimpy but it was only $5.99. I just wish they wouldn't use a such a huge roll. This same sandwich with a smaller roll (probably cheaper roll) , wouldn't seem like you were eating so much bread without enough meat. I ordered their "every night special" , two large cheese pizzas for $13.00. I was so hungry and excited, I paid the bill and drove home, a mile away. While I am home eating I start adding up my receipt. It turns out they charged me an extra 50 cents for my provolone cheese, instead of the American cheese that comes with it. Then I notice my 2 pizzas for $13 cost me $14.80 plus tax. I was charged the regular price for 2 large cheese pizzas , 2 x $7.40. This is right about where I started to get a "bad taste in my mouth" about my beloved pizza place. I didn't call and complain about the over charge, just "ate it". 
Two weeks later(7/12/21) I have a coupon from the menu they gave me with my food. The coupon says 3 Large Cheese pizzas for $15.99. I called up to place an order for the pizzas. A girl answers and takes my order. She asks me if I would like any toppings on my pizzas, but they are extra. I ask her how much for a topping on a large pizza and she tells me $1.50 each pizza. So, I get 1 topping on each of 2 pizzas and one plain cheese pizza. Simple math here folks.
$15.99 + (2 x $1.50 ) + 8% tax($1.52) = $20.51. Easy right ? Why was I charged $21.77 ? Here is the topper, drum roll please.........they charged me 79 cents to use my debit card. 
So, I call to question my receipt . An employee answers the phone and then hands the phone over to one of the owners at Station Pizza. This guy was actually trying to justify why I was charged the correct amount, even after he quoted me only $2.52 for the 2 toppings. That should have brought my total down more. After speaking to him in circles for almost 10 mins and him telling me to get a calculator , I had to hang up. 
After thinking about this situation for about 40 mins, I decided on my next step. I had my fiance call them and ask prices on that same special without toppings. Well, here goes my crappy math again. 3 Large Cheese Pizzas $15.99 + $1.28 tax = $17.27. When she called them and asked how much for the 3 Large Cheese pizza for $15.99 special , without any hesitation the employee there said $18.79 including tax. My fiance's next question was what percentage  are you charging for tax. She was told 8%. They are simply overcharging and if anyone questions it, they give them a little "run around" until they give up. If you do go there , check your receipt and question it , if it doesn't  add up ! Avoid a shady place like this. Let me also add how unsanitary this place is. Employees eating while they are cooking. No gloves , no masks. Person answering the phone eating and talking. Not one person washing their hands, I watched while I was waiting. And atleast 6 employees.Food is not very good.  Ordered  Father's day 2017.  Spaghetti overdone.  Meatballs not so good.  My mom's manicotti was overcooked.  My husband's fried chicken was mediocre.  We won't waste our money ordering there again. We wasted about 40.00 plus tip.  There store in Willowgrove on Moreland Road is very good.
I don't recommend the food at Station Pizza at Krewstown road here in Philadelphia.Go somewhere else. Cheap prices equals cheap quality food. You get what you pay for. Ordered a salad in addition to the  pizza and the salad consisted of shredded lettuce you would find on top of a hoagie.Messed up my order. I mean I texted the order. It wasn't like someone misheard, they just didn't follow instructions and put their expired tomatoes and onions on my wrap. I asked for blue cheese and they gave me ranch. Asked for mozzarella cheese in the wrap, no cheese at all. Didn't deliver my two slices either. Food came 25 minutes past eta. Fries cold and stale. Mozzarella sticks stale cold and worse than wawa. Barely any cheese in there either! Just hollow fried bread cylinders. Station pizza is having a hard time affording cheese. Marinara is just ragu with extra sugar. First time I felt the need to write a yelp review. I made an account just for this. On top of all of that, they skipped over my request for napkins and utensils. I guess they needed to save 4 cents. Have some pride in your business. This is what I get for trying to support local business during this economic fallout and last time ordering from here.The pizza is good especially the double dough pepperoni and white pie. that being said the place is Pretty dirty ... just get the food delivered or to go. Stick with pizza only, everything else is low quality... 
The owner should invest in a few new light bulbs,new tables and chairs (go cheap if you have to:ikea,walmart) elbow grease ... it would probably draw more people in.I like this local pizza joint. It's definitely no frills and have a wide selection of pizza, steaks, burgers, and the like. 
The food is pretty good - far from "the best" or super delicious, but pretty tasty nonetheless. And it's super inexpensive. If the food was 50% more, I would still probably come in every once in a while, but the fact that it is less expensive makes me coming in all the time. 
They also make their own water ice which I haven't tried yet, but looks really good. 
I always order to go, and my order has been ready every time when it was supposed to be, which I appreciate. The staff isn't particularly gracious or friendly. 
Picking up food from here sort of feels like a drug deal with a new drug dealer. You tell them your name. You give them the cash. You take the goods. You go.This place needs to be shut down. I was in the store and walked out after hearing one of the Islamic delivery drivers say that he refused to deliver to a homosexual customer and said in his country they kill those kind of people. Also saw cockroaches on the floor in the front. They make the drivers deliver alcohol and cigarettes without asking for ID, which is illegal. The food is cheap and you get what you pay for. I don't know about you, but I won't give a dime of my hard earned American money to this cheap, disgusting, racist establishment.The person taking the order was downright rude. He talked over me and while I was giving him my credit card number, he kept rushing and saying "Ok next 4, next 4, last 4" like a drill sergeant. We ordered an XL pizza and an order of fries. The delivery guy, not sure if it was the same one call and said, left the food outside. Pizza had no taste and the fries were drenched in old grease. Never again.Horrible. Two weeks in a row!!!!! Hoagie roll over cooked cheese steak under cook....againI am not a picky fella, but man this place stinks. First the delivery driver dropped our food on the front lawn handed to me and bolted. Upon inspection I found that the containers were intact which was nice because I was really hungry. I opened my chicken parm dinner ($12.14) and found it be 2 chicken fingers with sauce and cheese on top of about a pound of over cooked spaghetti. The kids chicken finger dinner was about 1/3 the price and was also 2 chicken fingers. Lol! We also ordered a Stromboli which was not edible. It was gritty and charred and not in a good way. It was so soggy and just gross. We called to inform them of the order issues and were told that a typical Chicken parmigiana dinner actually should be 3 chicken fingers with sauce and cheese. Chicken cutlets and chicken fingers are not the same!! Do it right or don't do it or at least don't charge the same as those that do it properly. This place is a sham. The food is frozen trash. Don't waste your money like I did. They apologized for the dropped food. No refund, no redo.I order a large, pepperoni pizza this pst Saturday night. Their rage IIS about the size of everyone's medium. The dough is soft and sponges. Their sauce was sweeter than  I like. My biggest complaint is the size of a large pie. Delivery was on time. I will not be a return customer.So, I've ordered from here for years. Called the other day asking for disco fries. Brown gravy and dippy cheese. We get our delivery and see it's red sauce! Call, the man on the phone tells me, oh that's what you get in south Philly...live in northeast. I get the red gravy thing, don't be mean. He said that's what I sent, that's what you get and hung up 
Station is done with my business!