Finally tried. Had hoagies and club sandwich. Both very good and delivery was quick. Will order again.4 stars, simply because they have the best wings!! Legit. I'm not a wing fan, but this is the ONLY place I will actually pay money to eat wings. Whatever is in that breading, it's pure crack to my taste buds. Amen.Steak Em Up recently added a new location in Collingdale.  I was dying to have a cheesesteak today and chose Steak Em on a recommendation from my neighbor.  I have been clamoring to find a decent cheesesteak in Delco that would come close to my favorites elsewhere like John's Roast Pork, Phillip's, Tony Luke's and Talk of the Town.
Suffice to say, I decided to order the 3 cheesesteaks deal for $12.99.  I would eat one tonight (Mushroom CS grinder) and save other 2 for lunch and dinner tomorrow.  I also ordered a Vanilla Fudge milkshake.  The Mushroom CS was very hot, which was good but wasn't very tasty.  They advertise they use 10 oz Rib Eye Steak but it was still mediocre and of the same blah quality as pizza joints in Delco.   The milkshake was the biggest disappointment-I found small ice crystals inside the shake when I was drinking it.  It made me assume that they make the shake  well before I picked it up then promptly stored it in a freezer for at least 30 mins.  It also took almost an hour for my food to be ready even though I chose to pick it up.  Bottom Line, waste of money and time for mediocre, blah food and drink.I have ordered from this place 3 time this month. And all three times the food has been awesome. The fo is great. Love their breakfast food. 
The girl who works the register is fun and friendly. The guys cooking the food seem like a fun bunch of bros.I order from steak em up at least 3 times a week and they save me daily. There food is like any pizza place but they food is consistantly good and always quick.  GREAT customer service and remarkable courtesy if an order is messed up (does not happen often)  I would recommend anytime I really like that they deliver late as well!Ordered from here for the first time recently. Prices were more than I'm used to but the veggie wrap that I got was absolutely incredible! I found the staff to be friendly and the delivery while a little long was well worth the wait. I would definitely give this place a chance againThis place is absolute garbage!  Worst steak sandwich I've ever eaten.   It is total slop!    The sandwich was full of disgusting chewy, fatty meat that I could barely swallow and I was hungry!  couldn't even get through half of my sandwich.    i would have given the rest to a dog but I didnt want to be accused of animal cruelty.   
I also hate their commerical and their stupid song.    Showing a bunch of fat disgusting big headed gross typical philly guys does not make me want to eat there.  All it does it make me want to move and possibly go punch someone.   
I will never eat here again.A thing of beauty is a joy forever....or until the pizzazz pizza is gone!  We ordered a large pizzazz. The quick delivery arrived with the most delicious aroma. Opening the box revealed the beautiful pie. And the first bite brought pure joy. It may be blasphemy but I will say that Steak 'Em Up's pizzazz pizza is better than Celebre's!  Cheesier. Creamier. Zestier. And a perfect crust. Order it now!The veggie sandwich was tasteless and the broccoli rabe was huge on top of the food like it wasn't cut up to be eaten. The lady that took my order sounded like she wanted to kill her self over the phone. I kinda hopeed the food would make up for the bad attitude. .I really really dislike this place, and unfortunately, it's the choice of my idiot co-workers every single time we get shop lunch. 
The staff doesn't listen. Ever. Every time I've ordered from here, at least one item was wrong. I don't get it. Following instructions isn't that hard. 
Delivery takes forever and a day. The food isn't worth the wait 90% of the time. 
I'm not even sure why we keep ordering from this place! Force of habit? The fact that our bosses are paying for our food and we hate them? Whatever it is, we shouldn't bother, and neither should you.This place is the absolute worst!! The food is good When you get the food the way you ordered it. To give you an example. If I order eggs over medium they're over cooked . If I order them over light they are runny and uneatable. Today I got them and they were all smashed from the way they put them in the box. No utensils, no ketchup, no butter for my toast. No apologies at all. Also they came and got the food and gave me my money and did not even offer me new food. This is an absolute disgrace . I worked in restaurant s and never did we ever treat people like this. I have them way too many chances.The last couple weeks were full of Phillies playoff games at my place, so naturally, ordering takeout for 20 was a regular occurrence. 
Having seen their catchy commercials during regular season games on Comcast Sports Net, we decided to call up Steak 'em Up - two large pizzas - one with a free topping - for $12.99.  
This pizza was solid - nice crispy thin crust, awesome sauce, and plentiful toppings.  Definitely a far better pizza than I expected for the price, and service was super friendly.  Francoluigi's will still be my number 1 choice for yummy South Philly pizza, but Steak 'em Up is a solid (and cheaper) number 2.Ladies and gentleman, look no further for the worst food establishment in Philadelphia. This one takes the cake. Every facet of steak em up is utterly and aggressively terrible. Sour hoagies, filthy dirty pizza, dirtier cheesesteaks, pale and cancerous vegetables, and hateful and mean service make up the pillars by which steak em up operates. This is like if someone opened a pizza shop in a hospital with awful canned food service ingredients and decided to cut costs by finding an even cheaper purveyor. Never eat here. For the sake of public health, help me in the crusade to spread the word with bad reviews, bad word of mouth, and any other negative connotation that can be put into existence to help extinguish the fire that steak em up has been fueled by. With your help, and a little conviction, we can stop this mess. And perhaps, someday, that flame will be snuffed out with the rest of the wicked and wretched that fill our great streets of Philadelphia.I live in South Philly and order here often- food is always good to very good.  The reason for the 2 star review is because today I ordered an Italian hoagie and it came with MAYONNAISE on it!  Now I have seen people put mayo on an Italian hoagie, but it's disgusting blasphemous and un-natural.  To slather it on there by default makes me seriously question their whole South-Philly-Italian-neighborhood-Goodfellas image.  I fed the hoagie to my dog and ordered a new one from Cosmi's.  Get it together Steak em Up, you're better than that!got an italian pizza last night - rabe, mozz, gr.chix, reds.  mmmmmm perfecto.   delivery driver nice as can be, phone lady sweet, food came quick, no problems like some of these other folks had.LOL..   I was buying a new truck from Chapman and we were hungry.  So the salesman told us we could order food for delivery if we wanted. So we asked where a good cheesesteak was.  They recommended this place,  Apparently they deliver here a lot.  If was taking a long time to finish the deal because they were short staffed.  We ordered and they said 15 - 20 mins.  After 30 mins we had to call and ask where the food was.  Then had to call back again to ask, finally after 45 mins out food arrived and it was piping hot.  We ordered a cheesesteak and a chicken cheesesteak and chicken finger and ffs.  All of the food was very good.  The cheesesteaks were excellent.  I would order again...I ordered breakfast sandwiches togo. 15min after making my order, I arrive and the cashier tells the cook to make my food... That was annoying but the food tasted good. Eggs were cooked right and the bfast sausage is tasty. FYI it looks like they use the fake butter-oil on the grill (didn't bother me).its obvious who ever gave the negative reviews has other issues they need to deal with. I worked in Philly for three years and every chance i go i ate lunch at Steak em up, The sandwiches are awesome, its a pain to park there but if u grab a spot go in. The girls behind the counter are always friendly and helpful. They have long HOT's that are terrific. I miss eating there because i no longer work in Philly. try it you won't be disappointedOrdered some steak's, all the orders came wrong. One of the steak's were warm, the other was cold. Called back about my sides, they said they were sending them right out. Needless to say I got my sides 34 min later, in a bad that was wet from the peppers spilling over. Not going to order from here again.So this is not the first time we've ordered from here.
Foods good, service is ok. Ordering through grubhub is clearly a no.
Messed up my coworkers order. When I called to tell them they gave me a grilled chicken salad instead of a grilled chicken wrap. Not only did it already take an hour for the original order to come it took ANOTHER hour for the CORRECT wrap to arrive. That's just not acceptable.Ordered from here for the first time recently. Prices were more than I'm used to but the veggie wrap that I got was absolutely incredible! I found the staff to be friendly and the delivery while a little long was well worth the wait. I would definitely give this place a chance againI so Enjoy the Sweet Potato Fries...they make you Smack somebody ...just Too Damm  Tasty!!! 
Also I am a Scrapple Gurl...the Scrapple is also Delicious!!!I was starving, after an hr called to check on my order..... "it's on its way". but still waited more than an hour & half on an afternoon order. It like their food for the most part but this was cold and dried out. then driver looks at me like more than a 20% tip wasn't sufficient. it's not the 1st time the driver assumes anything over $.02 change is theirs and just gives the remaining dollars SLOWLY, withholding a couple until you ask for all your change. Sadly disappointed. sometimes I'm lucky to get a pizza with the topping ON it, not slid off to the side of the box.But thw pizza is good so I will order again.I have ordered here numerous times and really enjoyed the food until lately. It seems the past few times I have ordered from here, it takes over an hour for delivery and the pizza is ALWAYS luke warm, never hot.  There are too many other places in the area that offer great pizza and fast service than to waste my time ordering from here anymore.I wouldn't order from here again if you paid me. The entire hot order was cold, and the cold order was hot......... Took well over 1 1/2 hours to arrive..... Live 9 blocks away........ Called to complain about the order, instant attitude from the girl on the phone........ Do yourself a favor, save your aggravation, order somewhere else.........ITS NOT WORTH ITJust going through my old reviews and wanted to update. I have continued to order from Steak Em Up mostly due to convenience since my last abysmal assessment and have not had any recent bad experiences. I still say that their steaks are terrible in comparison to some other local places (ironic considering the name of the joint) but I really love a lot of other items they have - their salads, wraps and appetizers are all exceptional, usually. 
They *still* could use a little work on the delivery times - its still my only major gripe. I'm two blocks away and on multiple occasions its taken them over an hour to deliver a salad. That's not a prep problem, that's an obvious delivery issue. Before you tell me to go pick up its not possible due to my position at my job. 
Anyways, I'll continue to support this place. Try em out (just not the steaks!).We tried this place randomly one day for porkroll egg and cheese sandwiches, turned out to be better than anywhere else! The service is always stellar and because of this, just got a pizza delivered from there. Driver was quick and called before he got to the door....love that! I gave him a couple extra dollars because I appreciate the thinking ahead mentality when it comes to service. This may be a new regular spot for me.The employees were FANTASTIC and the atmosphere made me feel like home. Shout out Kenny and happy birthday. The cheesesteaks were unbelievable. I will deff come backHow can I put this?  Oh yea...the worst pizza EVER!!!!  I was on the toilet all night and the next morning.
Why do I even have to give it one star?The biggest problem with Steak'em Up is they are just not consistent with the quality. Some days you can get a really decent meal and some days it's not very good at all.  I have purchased Breakfast several times and will never do it again because each and every time the food was entirely too greasy and just not appealing. I couldn't even finish it I had to throw away. The portions were extremely large and it was a shame to throw that much food out but the taste was just terrible. I think they use the fry grease from the lunch and dinner foods to make breakfast and it just tastes bad. As far as lunch or dinner is concerned it's the same thing.  They are not consistent.   Sometimes the food is good and sometimes it is awful. Their pizza special was very affordable but now they're no longer offering it on the weekend which makes me no longer even want to bother ordering.   I ordered 14 trays ones for a school party and I was embarrassed the pizza was so bad. If you order here you're taking a chance you may get a fantastic meal and you may get one this really lousy.  If you are feeling lucky this is your placeHonestly do not waste your money here.  I have lived around the corner from this place since the day that they opened & besides a few ok experiences (which is to be expected, it's only a pizza joint) the food has rapidly declined and so has the service.  I called to order food this week & was left on hold for 5 minutes, 5 minutes on a week night, nonsense.  Not to mention every time I go in there the delivery people are taking up the whole counter area and the people working are too busy talking to them to quickly pay attn to customers while I see my food sitting behind them getting cold.  I can really think of several places in S. Philly where you get better service & higher quality food.  It's gotten so bad that I now ever ask when I order my chicken fingers & fries if the oil is clean b/c sooo many times my fries were gross & it's not like their fries are cheap, they aren't and the quantity has decreased as well. 
The owner used to be in there cooking all the time but I haven't seen him in a while. To sum up : the pizza is terrible, cheesesteaks barely have any meat & lots of fat & it's hit or miss that the oil they are frying in is clean.  You barely get a nod from the person waiting on you b/c they are doing 5 other things.  I've finally thrown in the towel on Steak 'Em up which sucks b/c it's a 5 min walk from house.Called via Slice for delivery which was confirmed on their end.  1 & 1/2 hrs later, still no food.  They claimed to have lost the order.  Not a great way to run your business. Don't bother.Always a winner! From the breakfast menu, all the way to the sundaes, this place is two thumbs up!They have decent strombolis (cheesesteak is the best), wings, and all.
My only complaints with them are they do not know how to make a proper antipasta salad (regret changing my mind from a cordon bleu sandwich at the last minute actually) and a pizza was cold once. 
The menu can obviously be hit and miss.Otherwise, I don't mind giving them business.First off, I want to say that in the past their cheesesteaks have been pretty good.  I'm not sure what happened today, I am confused and a little bit sad.  Delivery took about an hour at one o'clock in the afternoon on a Wednesday, that's a little long but not my main beef here.  The main beef would be that my steak tasted like sand was added as a topping.  I thought maybe it was just a bad bite so I took another, same thing.  I took a bite of the other half and got the same thing.  Not edible.  I have eaten way too much cheesesteaks in my day and not once have I abandoned one after three bites.  I want to solve the sandy cheesesteak mystery except I don't want to solve the sandy cheesesteak mystery.I got Bent Celek on their cheese steak with lettuce, onions and mayo! Move over pats and genosDecent neighborhood spot for cheesesteaks. Nothing to write home about. Better to pick up than order delivery, which takes decades. Open later than most places in the vicinity, a major plus if you live in the 'hood and don't feel like eating greasy Chinese take-out. However, nothing to travel out of your way to find, unless you really like the commercials, which is understandable, because they rock!Been ordering from here on and off for awhile.  Food has always been solid, the menu's huge, and delivery has been reasonable.
Unfortunately, on my last order, the delivery guy basically tossed the food at me and asked if I knew where the restaurant was, saying I lived too far away to be ordering delivery.  The strong impression I left with is that there's no interest in my future business, which is a bummer because Steak 'Em Up has been a go-to.
I recommend they either change their delivery radius or instruct their delivery guys to not chew out customers who order from within it.
Food: Solid
Delivery Time: Decent
Menu: Huge
Customer Service: Basically suggested I bring my business elsewhere because of the inconvenience to the delivery driver.  (Who did receive a tip.)So SLOW!!! Never once did I ever come and my food was ready and it's only items from the fryer...they say half hour I give them 45 minutes still come in and have to wait another 10 minutes...SUGGESTION= CITY PIZZA easily the best!!! 
By the way don't even think about getting delivery from steak em up that will take 2 hours....not happy!Shitty food, nice girls behind the counter who have a great attitude about people being not so nice to them. Just went in to get soda.Let  me start off by saying I think they use a carrier pigeon to delivery their food!!! It took an 1:50 for my food to delivered and my office is only 9 blocks away!! Their food is always good but they're delivery pigeon is rude and nasty! If you live close by do yourself a favor and pick it up. Finally the only reason they received two stars and not  one from me is because their food is good.Having ordered from there for a delivery has become a triple nightmare. On three occasions i have received things that did not even sound like what i ordered but close enough that to call back and wait another hour? By then you are no longer hungry! one incident was a pork roll, egg and cheese with side of potatoes. i received egg, cheese and potatoes on a roll, that was so dry because they eggs were over cooked and i had to wonder if there was more than one slice of cheese. there was no saving the sandwich at all, but i had asked for a Nestle quick chocolate milk, and it was confirmed they had them, instead i received a quart of whole milk?. As this has been a problem even with the pizza, not to mention the chance of getting a good cheese steak in the neighborhood has diminished! When the word is spreading that the Oregon diner has a great cheese steak. you need to check your staff. I recommend that if you want anything from Steak em up you go and order there so you can watch what you are getting. As far as the dry eggs? how does anyone mess up breakfast?Great food , had a turkey wrap .best I ever had. After reading other reviews I was worried but the phone girl was great ,the food was great and delivery time was good for a Friday night. I think some reviewers might have a problem with some of the employees and try to take it out on them on this siteIf you've ever watched ANY Philadelphia sportscast, you are by now all too familiar with Steak Em Up's ubiquitous jingle. 
Is it just me, or would that jingle make the perfect walk up music for Joe Blanton?
Food for thought, but sadly, not food for consumption.For a South Philly delivery spot with relatively decent food, this place never fails to piss me off one way or another. On at least 3-4 different occasions I have attempted to place an order only to be left on hold for 5+ minutes, or even hung up on on a few occasions. The other recurring problem is the amount of time it takes for delivery. On some days they are at my door in a ridiculously fast amount of time. On other days I order something as simple as a salad and it takes an hour and a half. Their food is pretty good but the service is so touch and go its not really worth the headache.I am part of a group that tailgates for every Eagles home game. We typically cook our own stuff and put together some good menus. You really can't beat tailgate food but for the most recent home game we were not able to do that and looked for a quick, easy alternative. We turned to these guys, put together a large order and called it in Saturday afternoon to be delivered to the Jetro lot Sunday morning. We coordinated everything with Carol. We got pizza, sandwiches, a stromboli, breakfast sandwiches. We each ordered an extra sandwich to carry into the game and save on the cost of food at the Linc. It all went off better than I dared hope and the food was all great. The food got to the lot about 9:30 am. which was perfect timing for us. In particular we really liked the meat lovers pizza, corned beef wrap, pepperoni stromboli, scrapple sandwich and pork sandwiches (spark plug pork and hot pork combo). We put the stuff we were bringing into the game in clear plastic bags for security. This was exactly what we needed and we will turn to them again when we need a simple alternative to cooking in the lot. A+TERRIBLE ! Ordered delivery at the refinary for breakfast pizza. They NEVER showed up or called! This place is Unprofessional, Uncooperative, and Unorganized. Do your self a favor and avoid! Call Uncle Oogies or Not just pizza they are actually on time and care about your order. Much better places in south philly.Only took 30 mins to deliver and was one of the best cheesesteak I've ever had. Everything is great quality for a fair priceWe love this place. We order from here about once a week as our "we don't feel like cooking" night. Since we live close we do tend to pick it up as we usually get the food faster that way. Even on a busy night they try their best to get the food out quickly. Everyone there is super nice.Well , a big fan of cheese steaks , beef and pork and maybe a diff sandwich sometimes this place is gone to feel it with other places opening up around it !!
City pizza if they weren't so long 2hr waits for pizza ! This place wouldn't sell pizza !! Now new people took over Oregon steaks ! They have the real deal cheese steaks . 
Oregon express have breakfast I dunno this place is on a decline fast .  And a 2 star is generous ...........
Better do another advertisement !!The reason I did not give a 5th star is because they fool you with the buffalo wing labeled on there menu they are breaded wings with hot sauce on the side. other then that everything I have had from there is amazing. The pepperoni cheese steak is great. But you have to try the sparkplug sand which the best around and the hot american cheese on it it just a extra smile on your face. a little slow on the delivery but its worth the wait. after seeing there cheesy commercials doing a phillies game i had to give them a try if they could afford a spot during the game i figured they must be good. and man am i glad i did way worth it!!!!!!First time ordering here, my order consisted of a chicken caesar salad, plain pizza and 2 cheesesteaks. 
Lets start with the salad i simply requested that they hold the croutons, what i got was chicken and lettuce. No egg, no parm cheese and NO DRESSING!!! The most important thing was not there. Am i supposed to eat dry caesar salad? 
Cheesesteaks were actually not terrible.... Thats what i have to say about that. 
As far as the pizza goes i could have gone without it. 
Will not be ordering again.Steak em up has a bunch of incompetent girls working the counter sorry to say but the owners personality should reflect on the people tgat work there another thing is why do I get attitude if I'm just wondering g why they can't do something they always do for me.bottom line when you make a new cheese steak clean the grill instead of the new one taste g like hot sauce french fries are always soggy and they need a real grill man not a boy that gets in the weeds when he has two ordersGood cheesesteak for $9.72.  They have several locations and their other food looked amazing.  The meat was a little dry and bland but for $9.72, good cheesesteak.  No seating so picnic for one on 11th St.Food takes an hour+ no matter what the time of day is. Have tried multiple times to get a plane pizza and it never comes out correct. My cousin also plays for the blue jackets and when steak em up delivered their food it was full of nasty messages.Got a burger wings and cheese fries from here. Fries were not cooked and cheese was not melted. There was a piece of hair in the burger when i opened the bun to put ketchup on. Wings were under cooked as well. I would give this place 0 stars if i could. Delivery driver was talking on the phone about a gun as well. Bad buisnessWe placed an order for delivery.  It took almost two hours, on a week night, early in the week, until the food arrived.  The driver arrived impaired and with the wrong order.
We called to complain and were told that what we got was what was ordered, which is not true.  The girl on the phone was very cocky.  The steak sandwich was cooked so hard that it was tough.
We also ordered a pizza. We have never in our lives had such awful pizza.  Burnt on the bottom and tasted like baked aprons.  
To top it off, we ordered soft drinks.  When the driver arrived, he claimed didn't have it.  So, we called back and the same cocky phone girl said she would have him bring it over.  After another hour and a half, I called because the beverages still were not delivered.  This time that rude, cocky girl said that the driver went home!  Unbelievably terrible service and the food is awful.  This was a bad customer experience.I have only every had one item from Steak'Em Up. That item is the cheesesteak stromboli. The stromboli is so good that I have never wanted anything else. I probably should start trying other items, but that would mean I passed up a chance to have the boli. 
I get mine with no tomato sauce on the inside, and instead use it for dipping. 
Delivery is always timely and the food is always served hot.They take the goodness out of Florida style because they don't know how to cook them. Even if you say well done they can't cook them right. They are always so pale and doughy. That's the only thing i order from here and it sucks cause their delivery is fast.Will never order from here again! My food hasn't even arrived yet and I dont even want it now. Ordered at 6:05pm, it is now 7:27 PM no delivery as of this minute! The next time Florida Style is closed, I will wait! Dont need an inside out that bad! If it's not here by 7:45 PM I will be getting a full refund.I ordered a Cheese steak and an order of cheese fries. Never got the cheese with the fries, I called to let them know and they offered me a credit, Than I unwrap my cheese steak and the roll was saturated from grease, I called to complain and I was put on the phone with a person claiming to be the manager, who after I told him about the roll being wet and greasy, he told me that he himself made the cheese steak and that the roll was wet from the steam trap from being wrap in the sheet of paper it was in... That excuse was one for the record books. He offered me another steak which I rejected his offer after his arrogance on the phone with me and I was offered my money back, which i gladly accepted, had it not been for his terrible attitude toward me, I would have accepted his offer to remake the cheese steak, I guess to him that his food is so good that he believes he is always right.. If I could I would rated steak um up with ZERO STARS. STAY FAR AWAY FROM STEAK EM UP....Great place and wonderdul food. Best pizza I've had in Philadelphia. Fast delivery and seriously GOOD GOOD FOODI just ordered $55 worth of food from steak Em up. With this order I got a order of mega fries, rancho fries, cheesesteak panzarotti, wings, broccoli bites, curly cheese fries with an extra side of cheese. The cheese on the curly fries, the mega fries and the side of cheese were all either scraped from the bottom of the can or had been sitting there all day it was clumpy and inedible. I will not be ordering from steak Em up for a while after this.ordered a platter delivery,dont know if they felt rushed but I specified ketchup and utensils ,didn't get either,cole slaw was three strips of green string,but the three stars is for the food was hot and tast,driver was nice and called when he got to my house.This is one of my favorite take-out places in Philly, but the reason I don't give them five stars is because of the lack of consistency with the food, especially the cheesesteaks. 
I'm not sure what it is. Maybe in the midst of these grill masters, they have that one guy they call on busy days who just doesn't make a steak as well as the others. One day you'll get heaven on a roll (juicy, well cut, dripping, heart-attack inducing goodness), then the next day you'll be handed the driest sandwich you've ever eaten in your life. And sometimes they're over an hour late. More often than not, though, they get it right. And when they get it right, they REALLY get it right. On their best day, I favor their steaks to Jim's and even John's Roast Pork steaks (and obviously over Geno's and Pat's since I actually live here). It's a gamble ordering from Steak 'Em Up, but the reward usually outweighs the risk. 
Hilariously bad commercials, friendly phone/delivery staff and 3 times out of 4, cheesesteak nirvana.We have ordered from this place faithfully as if it were the only restaurant in South Philly. 
But tonight was the last time we will ever order from this place again. 
1 1/2 hours for 2 Steak sandwiches, and we live 1 1/2 blocks from this restaurant!
The delivery people are rude, the food more times than not is Luke warm to cold. 
SAVE YOUR MONEY!!!
TRUST ME!!I can recall a time when I've ordered from this place and it was accurate.  Last time, there was lettuce and carrots in my cheese steak and a staple in my kid's sandwich.  This time the fried onions and extra cheese were missing from my cheese steak, although I was charged for the extra cheese on the receipt.  The meat was also cooked over well-done.  It was as if someone left the meat on the grill to be funny.  I didn't even bother calling back because I didn't want the same,old runaround about how they'll give me credit for another misteak in the future, pun intended.A South Philly staple. Great for any time of day. The breakfast sandwiches are so huge. Great quality too. My family loves the scrapple egg and cheese. We also like their appetizers and cheesesteaks.Hands down my favorite pizza place. Let's talk about why...
1. the mozzarella sticks are so crisp and delicious and you get SO many! Even on delivery they don't get soggy. ITS MAGIC!
2. The owner genuinely cares about the quality of food and if his customers are happy. He also makes sure that place is super clean which gives me peace of mind in a city filled with roaches and rats. 
3.  All of the delivery people are extremely nice and go as fast as possible. YES THEY GET BACKED UP SOMETIMES but that just shows they're in demand!
4. I have never ever had anything that wasn't good. Their cheesesteaks are banginnnn. Their pizzas are the bomb dot com. and milkshakes? Yes please!Very good takeout food. Every time I've ordered (takeout only; never had delivery), I've liked what I've had, from a cheesesteak to a stromboli to an inside-out pizza (a panzerotti, more or less, to those South Jerseyans familiar with that), I've been happy with the food. It obviously isn't anything fancy, but it's well-done, simple food.
Also have had good experience with the service. It's always been busy at and behind the counter when I've been in, but the staff does an efficient job of getting customers taken care of quickly.How the hell on Earth does this place do the business they do? Their food is pure garbage. Steaks of 100% stringy grizzle. Lousy greasy fries. I had their breakfast when they started that. Pancakes were about 3 inches across and hard, dry, and tasteless. I guarantee they were just the crap you pop in your toaster. Their pizza is disgraceful and if you get anything delivered, it comes late and cold. How many fools are lured in by their moronic commerials? There's a steak and pizza joint on just about every damn corner in South Philly. Pick any of the others and you'll be doing better than this bilge.Always great food.  Every single time.  Friendly people, breakfast, lunch or dinner. A South Philly staple.This is my go-to. I love this place. They have one of the best cheesesteaks around and they best corned beef special ever. But delivery takes a long timeThis place has fallen off sooo bad, it's like they don't care for the Quality of the food anymore , cold and messy presentation, I live 2 blocks down the street and it literally took them two hours just to deliver a cheesesteak platter and wings wth. Smh. I won't be ordering again. So disappointing, I should've of just cooked and saved my self money and NASTY COLD FOOD. Thanks for nothing.I must say that on the norm, Steak Em up is very good, we order from there quite often and my issue is their French fries portion size, you pay a good penny for their fries, and they are extremely skimpy on the portion, especially the mega fries, you pay a good 7 to 8 bucks for the mega fries and you get a small silver container, with hardly any French fries in there, it is quite disturbing, even the 5.00 cheese fries, very small portion, and although they are very good, not worth the money for the Mega or regular fries because they skimp on the portion. I have paid much less and gotten much more for French fries, as I have complained about this over the years, nothing has changed. It's not a cheap take out place, our last pizza order, the pizza was cold too and took forever to get here. Very unusual for them, as I order quite often and never usually have problems, but yesterday was a bust.Very Good Food. Delivered in a timely matter, always delicious and the order is always correct. Reliable source for good food in South Philly!Delicious pizza. Staff is very friendly. We always got a plain pizza whether its individual slices or the whole pizza. Ordered on valentine's day for their heart shaped pizza and the charge was the same. Appetizers are great too. We miss steak em up ever since we moved but we refer those who ask where to get good pizza fromI ordered a cheesesteak pizza and this is how it came. Very burnt. Steak 'Em Up is thumbs down!My go to Friday night order in place! My family and I love it here. Zucchini fries are out of this world, pizza is delicious, and their wraps are the best I've ever had. Highly recommend the roast beef sandwich, although everything I've gotten here has been delicious!!We order from them all of the time, and they have always been good, the past few days they have been outstanding, the portion sizes have changed for the better, because they have great cheese fries and usually you don't get that many for the price, but today they were finally the way it should be, the cheese steak was fantastic too. We are extremely happy with the new sizes, way to go! I highly recommend them as their food is always delicious.