This place is crazy good! Honestly, it's been awhile since I had something satisfy my tastebuds! I got the Good Deal with the chicken as my protein of choice. The chicken was melt in your mouth tender!!! I can't wait to try the curry when I go back. The staff is super cool and helpful! You can tell that they all are really passionate about their product and how good it is!I'm so glad Stock moved into my neighborhood so i don't have to go to Fishtown to get my fix. Just ordered takeout and it didn't disappoint. Everything is flavor packed, fresh and delicious. Got the GinThoke Salad with fried chicken. The fried chicken is crackalicious.  I got the curry noodle soup with grilled chicken. On the spicy side do don't order if you don't like heat, but I really liked it. Husband got the pho with grilled chicken and it had great flavor. He's eaten there twice this week! I hope they succeed because they are a great addition to the options in the area. Yum!This is kinda sad review for me to write because it means that one of my very favorite goto eateries in Center City - Wokworks - is no longer there. I will miss it!!  But the good news is that Stock from Fishtown has expanded and is now occupying this space.  Stock is known for its Bahn Mi sandwiches as well as its bowls.  I opted for a bowl this time on a warm day.  The Khao-Soi cold curry noodles were indeed tasty.  There's a lot listed on the menu that goes into this dish that I can't honestly say I specifically tasted - e.g. coconut sauce or Thai Chili - but still I trust that they were there and when I mixed everything together, the whole effect on my taste buds def worked.  But I still could have used a slightly stronger curry flavor. Free water is on the counter which is a nice touch and also Sriracha sauce for a little kick.  Everything is kept real clean - maybe too clean as I wasn't enamored with a worker spraying the very nearby table with a blue liquid while I was eating. Oh well, I moved my bowl away from the spray and continued to eat after she was finished.  All the ingredients of Stock tasted fresh and it is a good addition to Center City Philadelphia.Context:
Ordered takeout for lunch
What I got:
Fried Chicken Bahn Mi (7/10)
I was surprised by how much I liked this sandwich, especially considering the chicken was no longer crispy from sitting in a delivery car for twenty minutes.  The meat was clearly cooked well and was very tender.  The rest of the banh mi was quite different from what I expected in that I may not even have guessed it was a banh mi if I had just happened upon it.  However, to be fair, I was the one who picked fried chicken over a more traditional protein option.  There was probably a bit too much pickled cabbage and the combination of that with the Japanese mayo definitely overwhelmed the rest of the flavors.  Overall, it was still a great sandwich despite very much not being in-line with my expectations.
Final Word:
Excellent spot for take-out/delivery.  I'm looking forward to trying more options from this place and could definitely see myself pushing the rating to 4 stars with a few similar/slightly-better experiences.Vegan review.
Very close to my work. Doesn't look like as many options as the Fishtown location but doesn't matter to me. The stuff they do have all looks great and almost everything can be made vegan.
I've had the "Good Deal" which is basically Pho a few times now. I ask them to make it vegan (mushroom stock) and add seitan. Amazing!! 
I think I saw a few reviews about Stock being too expensive for the portion size, or something like that. I disagree!! For $12 you get a giant bowl - it's gotta be at least 1 1/2 quarts of soup. I can never finish it! On that note I'd gladly pay $6 for a portion half the size.
Very clean place. Nice chopsticks, spoons, and bowls. Sriracha available as a condiment. My winter happy place!!I've been to Stock in Fishtown before and liked it, but I was disappointed by the Rittenhouse location. The flavors on the Burmese noodles especially were way too strong. My friends who orders the other dishes, including the peanut noodles and Lao curry, also agreed. The portions are also frustratingly small for the price ($13 for one item). This might just be because they opened recently and the growing pains that comes with that. I think I'll go again but in a month or two. I have definitely had better experiences elsewhere.After liking Stock Fishtown, I was excited to try Stock Rittenhouse. I tempered my expectations because its a fast casual concept rather than the full service original. And while it wasn't as great as the OG, it was exceptionally good compared to other fast-casual Asian spots in the neighborhood. I went mid Saturday afternoon. There was no line and about ten people dining. My order took only a few minutes to be prepared. I ordered the green papaya salad with fried chicken. The chicken was crispy and plentiful. The salad was tongue-numb spicy, which I liked. I also had the Lao curry with tofu. It was herbaceous and the broth was balanced with coconut and spice. The tofu helped to cool my mouth from the chiles in the salad. Both dishes were substantial in size and brimming with fresh herbs, veg and spice.I loved their fishtown location when I lived there. I was incredibly hyped to find out they were opening a Rittenhouse location where I live now. They have made changes to the menu for the better. You can't go wrong with the Khao Poon at either location, especially if you like heat!What they lacked in depth of flavor, they seemed to overcompensate for in salt. I am not the type to say that MSG is an enemy, but that was just about the only flavor that stood out and hung around for my indigestion after eating this meal. There are a million places with authentic Vietnamese food in the city, and frankly, the only reason I stopped here was the proximity to my work and the overhype from other white people who are too scared to support authentic places. The 2 stars are because the service there from the FOH staff was great and they deserve better than the food they are serving. 
Thanks for the response Tyler . Good luck buddy.This place is literally something else. Let me start with the service. Phenomenal! We wanted to sit outside and the waitress was super accommodating coming to check on us just the right amount of times. Not too many as to disturbing but enough when we needed something. My friend lovess pho and it's really hard to find vegetarian options for that which this place has. Lots of the other options were veggie and vegan friendly. Really liked the cold noodles and salad we got.I realized that I've been neglecting to write up all of my reviews for CC lunch spots, which is odd, considering I try to go to a new place each week.
I had been to Stock's original location in Fishtown--it was really good food with a nice atmosphere of arrogance (they claimed they didn't have a phone and this couldn't take reservations...and then their phone rang during dinner).
Anyways, I ordered food from Stock's Rittenhouse location for lunch. I got the rice bowl with chicken. Everything was, much like their other location, delicious. There was no attitude. I was handed my order with a smile, which was nice. The bowl had fresh cilantro, mint, pineapple, and was served over some kind of curry sauce.
It was pricey--around $10.50...but I think that's par for the course as far as price is concerned. I'd go again, but I'd probably go for the banh mi. Might be a totally different and delicious experience.No matter the location, Fishtown or Rittenhouse, the owners of Stock seem attracted to cramped quarters.  It isn't pleasant and if the food isn't remarkable the lack of comfort is magnified.
The Rittenhouse location, as one would expect, is jammed at the lunch hour.  The portions seem smaller in this location, an unscientific observation based on having to stand around quite a long time and watch orders go by.  
The pork bahn mi here was served on a bread that was too chewy.  TThe amount of sauce was inadequate and since the slightly tangy sauce in a bahn mi is crucial this was a major flaw.  There wasn't a lot of pork either, which in a much less pricey traditional bahn mi isn't objectionable but at $12.96 with tax is very objectionable in this case.  And the pork was full of gristle.  The fried shallots remain a nice touch but on the whole this was a disappointing sandwich for the price.
I will give it another try to sample some of the soups, which I have enjoyed at the Fishtown location.  However, I plan to come at 3AM to avoid the crush.  They are open at 3AM, right?The noodles were good-not as much of a selection as the Fishtown location, but we ordered the cold spicy peanut noodles and the curry soup noodles. I enjoyed the peanut noodles (definitely had a kick!) and the broth of the soup noodles was flavorful. I liked the same thing that I liked about the other location-it's a great place for allergies. I have dairy and egg allergies and they are very accommodating about that, and their fried chicken is dairy/egg-free. The only problem is that the chicken was on the undercooked side :(Was having such a blah morning at work until my delivery of the Lao curry and fried chicken Banh mi came in! The curry was still pretty hot and had such an amazing flavor. The spice and seasoning in it def woke me up! I was a brand new person after slurping up all of the broth and noodles. The grilled chicken was very flavorful as well. I liked that there was a lot of fresh herbs & veggies in it bc we all need some more veggies in our lives. 
I was too full to try the Banh mi until after my shift (~5 hours later) but it was SO YUMMY. Granted, it's not your traditional Banh mi but I def recommend to check it outI had been wanting to try this place for a while, and upon doing so I strongly regret it. I ordered the vegan pho with tofu and it was absolutely disgusting. The broth they used has an obscene amount of salt, and the tofu was completely flavorless. Looking back now I should have ordered the bahn mi, because if I did, I most likely wouldn't be lying on my bed right now, curled up in ball with stomach pains.Really wanted this place to be good, but none of the dishes hit. Everything just tastes kind of contrived, and even though the ingredients are recognizable, the cooking is lacking. The restaurant in general feels cheap and the energy level of the staff was even lackluster. Hard pass, avoid and go somewhere elseI ordered the Caramelized Pork with the Good Deal soup. I wasn't impressed and pretty disappointed that I skipped my favorite lunch place to give Stock a try. The caramelized pork was good, though here was hardly any in the bowl. The noodles were clearly made way ahead of the lunch rush as they were hard and would not separate in the barely warm broth. Considering how subpar it was, I am surprised it took them 10+ minutes to put it together, especially considering it was mostly bean sprouts and mint leaves. Will not return and would not recommend.We are from DC and our kids wanted Pho... Excellent service!!! Clarissa is the best! The food was excellent!!!Thank you for the great experience!Got the pho sandwich! It was delicious! Will definitely be back to try other things!!I needed to kill some time in Center City before a play and stopped by Stock Rittenhouse for a quick bite. There were so many veggie options on the menu, but I went with the Bahn Mi (Vietnamese hoagie with cucumber, japanese, mayonnaise, pickled red cabbage, jalapeño, cilantro, and crispy shallot) with the Sai Oua Seitan. It didn't have all of the traditional bahn mi ingredients I was used to (no daikon, no carrots), but it was still super tasty. 
The restaurant was completely empty (even though it was a Thursday night at 6pm), so even though it's the kind of place where you order at the register, the staff brought the food to my table and refilled my water several times which was nice of them. I would definitely return to try some of the noodles or soup dishes!tl;dr a sophisticated fast-casual BYOB that offers modern Southeast Asian fare, with many home runs among some disappointing items
BYOB in Philadelphia has understandably become associated with table service and the archetypal three-course meal. Stock turns this cliche on its head by serving up tasty food in an innovative fast-casual concept. This Rittenhouse outpost has modern vibes, inviting patrons into a distinctly metropolitan eatery with both subway tiles and exposed metal beams. You are greeted by soft lo-fi tunes and the mouthwatering fragrance of Asian spices as you make your way past the open kitchen. The all-white walls and tables accentuate pops of color from the lime green succulents and the black-and-white photographs hung near the entrance. Order base and pick your protein from the menu overhanging the kitchen, then scope out a table toward the back of the restaurant. Seating comes in two shades: wrought iron bar stools and a long bamboo bench.
My favorite protein is the Thai Fried Chicken, which has robust Asian seasoning and a crispy batter. The Grilled Gai Yang Chicken is also solid, with a characteristic charred-grilled taste and crisp, although the seasoning is toned down. In general, I choose the grilled chicken in any of the soup options, because the fried chicken would become soggy. On the other hand, I would advise against the Caramelized Pork. The pork is tasty, but it's overly fatty and the portions are small; while it's not bad, per se, I found it to be lackluster protein option compared to either chicken choose (especially considering that the pork comes with an upcharge). As far as menu items go, I have enjoyed all of the Soups and Cold Noodles that I have tried. Meanwhile, I was not a fan of the Bahn Mi: it ends up being overwhelmingly baguette, such that the intricacies of the other ingredients become diluted. 
This past visit, my partner and I split the Spicy Peanut Noodles (with Thai Fried Chicken) and the Good Deal (with Grilled Gai Yang Chicken). We poured some water from the tap, then posted up at a table. Service from both the cashier and the cooks was friendly. Within 10 minutes, the server came over with two large, white bowls. The Good Deal had an aromatic broth with a good deal of fresh garnishes. The noodles were well-cooked, and the grilled chicken stayed surprisingly crisp even within the broth. My only critique was that the spice level detracted from being able to pinpoint the subtle flavors within the soup. Meanwhile, the peanut noodles screamed "fresh," with crisp vegetables being peanuts alongside my noodles. The noodles themselves had a pleasant texture, and they seemed to be soaked in the robust peanut sauce. My partner and I left feeling both full and satisfied.
Hovering just above $25 for two, Stock might be a bit pricy for an everyday meal. But, by the same token, Stock represents an affordable Rittenhouse option for a hearty and flavorful dinner. Don't sleep on it when deciding on a place to dine.Here is the quick and dirty- 
1) Customize your own soup/salad/noodles with the protein of your choice - Vietnamese style.
2) Seitan vs tofu. The seitan is crispy and tangy, but definitely the less healthy option. The tofu, on the other hand, is bland and raw so I guess it's customer's choice between flavor or nutrition. 
3) Lao curry - similar to Tom yum soup. Delicious with a spicy kick. Definitely plenty for a meal as well. Get it with Seitan. 
4) Bhan mi sandwich - fresh and tasty but I got it tofu. Would get it with Seitan or chicken next time. 
Overall, loved my meal but the extra $0.50 per take out dish is nonsense.I agree with one of the previous reviewer's, the food here was great, there was a nice crowd and a line of people waiting.  The food was made with care and the restaurant was clean and the staff was friendly.  I had seitan with chicken stock and rice noodles and it was delicious.this is possibly my favorite restaurant in the entire city.!! I used to live in fishtown and would frequent Stock there. the first time I went there, my mind was blown. every single ingredient was so goddamn fresh!!! I left feeling so satisfied, and literally had dreams about going back, that's how good the food was. yo when I moved to center city, one of the saddest things about leaving fishtown was knowing that I was gonna be so far from Stock. 
when they opened their rittenhouse location, my life was complete. best most favorite spot in the neighborhood maybe even the whole city. i eat from there almost every day. 5 huge stars !!! 
also, the staff here is amazing!! shouts goes outs to sammie and clarissa!! they are too sweet!!Easy and intuitive menu and really appreciate the fact that this fast-casual spot doesn't skimp out on the trimmings. They could easily ditch some of the extra flavors, spices and herbs like other places... but I'm so glad they don't! I have never been to the Fishtown spot so was happy this opened in Rittenhouse. Ended up with a soup, salad and wings to split among two people. Verdict - it was flavorful, spicy and a lot of food for two people. We ate in which was nice - they served you your food and silverware. Lots of friendly staff. The wings were thai curry covered lightly with peanuts and pickled carrots. Pretty good - smaller and slightly crisp. The Burmese Crunch Salad was divine - so many lovely flavors coming together. Got it with friend chicken which was equally delicious. The Lao Curry was also great. The broth even just looked amazing and it certainly packed a punch. Got it with the pork which was tasty. A lot for us to eat but well worth it. Will be putting this into the monthly rotation!Went here for a quick dinner and everything was great! They had a special: fried chicken sandwich - perfect crunchy batter and moist chicken inside. It also has a nice kick in the sauce to add a little heat. We also got the curry soup with pork which was so delicious. I literally told my boyfriend that this is what I would want if I was ever home sick - the broth is so so good! We also had their other special: spicy cucumbers - which are a common thing on other south Asian menus. They were still good but not as special/unique as the other items on the menu. Highly recommend coming with someone you like to share with - you'll want to try everything!Try the fish sauce wings. They are insanely good!
Otherwise, you'll find high quality Southeast Asian fare with flavors that tend to be missing in your generic Thai and Vietnamese restaurants. I'd definitely go back here. The only downside is that they currently don't serve alcohol.Well holy smokes. I may have been battling a post lonely hearts club Valentines Day party hangover when the divine smell of soup lured me from about 2 blocks away. I was about to get tacos but I couldn't resist the scent from this siren. I haven't even eaten the food yet. 5 stars on smell alone. Also: staff friendly. BYOB.
EDIT: Food was also 10/10. I ate two entrees, by myself, on the couch watching Star Wars movies... and it was delightful.The crispy chicken is absolutely perfect. Both juicy inside and the right amount of crisp outside. Can't go wrong with either soup or salad. Awesome spot with so much flavor.Great food and and an affordable option. I ordered the Burmese (cold) noodle dish. Just be aware that they're sort of a fast food place by day (order at the counter, etc.), but at night they only do sit down service.If I could give this 0 stars I would. From previous reviews I've read I didn't expect much but thought I'd give it a try anyway. Very disappointed in the quality of food. I got it to go and don't know if it would've been any better in store. I got the pho and it contained so many onions it's pretty much inedible with how bad it tastes, coming from a person who likes onions. No added veggies or anything like classic pho, just a protein, noodles, broth, and the usual pho toppings. Rice noodles are hard. I wish I was in store so I could return it and get something else but alas it's too late. Sorry Stock, you really ain't it and could do so much better.Honestly I feel super spoiled for all other food in Philadelphia after eating at Stock Rittenhouse as much as I have over the past few months and I feel like cause of that I should leave them a review finally. The Thai crispy rice salad is a great complex dish that's super fresh and really one of my favorite dishes in the city, the Lao curry and good deal are absolutely amazing definitely definitely definitely stop in you won't regret itI really enjoyed my meal at this place.  I think there was some bad press about the owner in the past, but who cares.  I'm here for the food.
Walked in on a cold day and couldn't wait to try the Laos curry noodle with a side of fried chicken (boneless thigh meat).  When it arrived, I was pleasantly surprised at how large the the bowl was.  As I am of Asian decent, I really enjoyed the Noodle dish because it took me "home".  I mean, it wasn't perfect, but I can appreciate how the authentic south East Asian ingredients were coming through.  The side of fried chicken was pretty nice too....just an awesome piece of deep fried battered chicken with a coating of sweat & spicy sauce.
Nice job, Stock!  I'm coming back for more.try the burmese cold noodles. such a wealth of flavors. also the lettuce wraps. this place is incredible i have no idea why it has under four stars thats the only reason im reviewing it.This place is great ! What nice modern take on some classic Vietnamese dishes. I haven't tried everything yet so I can't tell you what my favorite is !The music is so loud that it's hard to hear the questions being asked when you place your order. I ordered good deal soup with chicken.  $12.  When I got back to my office I saw the receipt in my email.  They added 50 cents for 1 takeout item and 50 cents for 1 takeout bowl. I have never heard of such a thing. The food is just OK. I am not sure why they cook the noodles in advance? The food isn't so good I am willing to pay extra for the privilege of eating it at my desk. I will only go back if it's raining since it is close to my office.What they lacked in depth of flavor, they seemed to overcompensate for in salt. I am not the type to say that MSG is an enemy, but that was just about the only flavor that stood out and hung around for my indigestion after eating this meal. There are a million places with authentic Vietnamese food in the city, and frankly, the only reason I stopped here was the proximity to my work and the overhype from other white people who are too scared to support authentic places. The 2 stars are because the service there from the FOH staff was great and they deserve better than the food they are serving.Stayed next door all week and finally got around to trying Stock before heading home. Menu all looked great so I asked for some suggestions and they were very helpful. It's a cold day so I went with the Good Deal noodles with Thai fried chicken with light spice - looked and tasted great, full of flavor, and still packed a spice kick! Clean and spare decor was nice as well. Got some Burmese cold noodles with the grilled chicken for the ride home and it looks so good I might not be able to wait to eat them... 
Prices aren't cheap but also not crazy. Would definitely check them out if you're in the area.Limited menu but delicious food. A little pricey for the portion size imo, but I'll definitely be coming back for a light lunch when in the mood.I've enjoyed everything I've eaten at Stock, and think they make some of the best fried chicken in the city. Highly recommend this place.After seeing the mixed reviews for Stock Rittenhouse, I agreed unenthusiastically to try this place out. I'm glad we came - it was actually much, much better than I was anticipating.
The menu indicates a lot of Southeastern Asian influences, from Burmese to Thai to Vietnamese. My recommendation: take the names of dishes as "inspiration" rather than "this will be the most authentic rendition you'll ever eat" and just enjoy the punchy flavors. The fish sauce chicken wings ($12/lb) are nicely crisped and had an addictively umami savoriness. They're marked as "mild", but we found them much more spicy than expected. The curry wings are good as well, but the fish sauce wings are our favorite by far. The spicy peanut noodles ($11.40) are tasty and all the accompanying herbs and vegetables are fresh, but the accompanying fried Thai chicken really steals the show. The chicken pho is good but not great - last time the noodles were a minute or two overdone and the Thai fried chicken should have been served on the side instead of in the soup, where it went soggy and greased up the broth. 
Prices are in line with other popular Center City spots, where salads, dishes of mac n'cheese, and bowls of falafel will cost you $12+. The portions are very generous - I can count on plenty of leftovers for lunch the next day. Overall a really solid fast-casual lunch option in CC, and if you're looking for a casual sit-down dinner, they do that too.I'm used to beef pho, but the chicken pho here was wonderfully complex. I also had the fried chicken sandwich was was one of the best in the city. Staff was also quite friendly and helpful. Great addition to Rittenhouse areaA complete knockoff. They claim it's Asian cuisine but it just tastes like a bunch of different spices mixed together. Obviously they have no cooks that know the real way to cook southeast Asian food. Please don't claim to be authentic when you're not!The people were nice but the Pho left something to be desired. We got the curry soup and the Good Deal pho. It basically just tasted like spicy water. Way too spicy to even eat, both dishes. We were not asked about a desired spice level either. What little I could taste of the broths were very bland and oily ( tiny greasy film circles on top of both soups, not very appetizing). Reminded me of hipsters trying to make something that they are not very familiar with on an authentic level. Also, it was $26 dollars for basically 2 bowls of spicy water with a few noodles and no vegetables. What a shame. 
  I would suggest Banh Mi Bottles for authentic, non burn your mouth with spice, flavorful pho.Stock was fine. 2.5 stars. 
Not bad but not amazing. 
I ordered the Burmese cold noodles with tofu. The portions are decent. The sauce flavor is very strong, so I got a little tired of it and couldn't finish. The tofu salad mix in it was delicious! Wish there was more. 
My friend got the tofu banh mi. She said it was good but not great. Bread was crunchy but a little chewy in the middle. Her favorite part was the fried shallots (?). 
Probably won't return. I'd rather spend my money and go to QT sandwich in Chinatown.I had the regular pho with chicken and chicken broth. I sat down and it came out in 5 minutes. It was delicious. The broth was tasty, and the chicken was perfect imo. The sliced jalapeños and lime came as sides, and couldn't have been fresher. I feel very lucky to have this place close by. Only complaint is that they're not open before 11am. I'm a 9:30am on a Saturday pho guy, and thank you for asking.I heard good things before so I wanted to try it out. We ordered curry noodles with seitan. I did not like the flavor... We also had lao curry noodles with thai fried chicken. If anything, the chicken did not disappoint.Fast casual, a nice addition to the neighborhood. For the price, it's nothing compared to the more authentic options that exist in Chinatown.This restaurant is like having a meal in one of those low riders that drives by blasting music with the base turned all the way up. Very annoying. On other hand, if you like dance club music blasting while you're trying to eat, they play that too. Not sure why anyone would think this's a good idea. I'm referring to the Rittenhouse location. I've never been to any other.Ordered mushroom broth pho with shrimp. Huge mistake the mushroom broth smelled like paint and tasted awful.. the bao sandwich wasn't great either. Really disappointing for a Rittenhouse restaurant. Literally threw it all out. Never again.Full table service with daily dinner specials available now from 5:00p.m to 9:00p.m. Enjoy a nice night with a very calming atmosphere and great service!I feel fortunate to have Stock a bit closer to home in this location. We'll usually get takeout and absolutely love all of the noodle dishes-
The Lao Curry is my favorite and I often crave it. The Burmese noodle and Spicy Peanut noodle dishes with tofu or grilled chicken always leave me satisfied with  the amount of flavor and fresh herbs in every bite. The only thing I would not order again is Good Deal soup, I found it lacking in ingredients, portion size and flavor. All in all, I'm a big fan and this is one of my go-to, Friday night, don't feel like cooking, pick-up after work stops. Check out their more intimate and date night vibe location off of Girard Ave- where I'd give it 5 stars.Tried this place twice and both times disappointed. The first time my fried chicken wasn't cooked thoroughly. The second time the pho noodles were super dry. Tasted like it was a day old. Definitely wasn't fresh. I like the menu and concept of this place, but they need to work on quality control and freshness.My favorite place in RH for a fast, cheap, delicious meal.  Far better flavors & textures than Cheu noodle, and without a wait.  Their Burmese crunch salad is something I actively crave - it is packed full of flavors, is refreshing and super filling.  At $10-11 an entree, this is not more expensive than going down to Washington st. And while the pho is not "authentic" in the way that a trip to Pho Saigon is, it's still very tasty on its own terms.  Recommended!I've always been a huge fan of Stock at the Fishtown location, and the Rittenhouse location does not disappoint. It has more of a fast-casual vibe, but the food is still great. The Lao Curry noodles are the same as the Khao Poon at the Fishtown location. If you're vegetarian/vegan and like spicy and flavorful food, you'll LOVE them. The Lao Curry paired with ginger beer is one of my favorite combinations. The iced thai coffee is also a great pick me up.I'm surprised at all the negative reviews, Stock Rittenhouse is definitely at the top of my go-to work lunch spots Iist.
Here's what it's not: a cheap authentic Vietnamese place with $5 banh mis or $6 pho. If that's what you're looking for you're gonna have to walk down to Chinatown or Washington Ave. I'd love to do that too, but it's too far to walk for lunch on a work day.
Here's what it is: a place you can take a coworker that's maybe never had Burmese noodles or a Thai crispy rice salad or Cambodian pork dip that you can be in and out within an hour and pay $12 for a decent amount of food that you can even pack up half of for a snack later or lunch the next day if you have any self control (I don't). The flavors are not too crazy or spicy or authentic but they're better than it's predecessor wokworks or a place like honeygrow. 
Food:
The options are more interesting than your typical Asian fast casual concept, there are herbs and toppings and things you've never heard of, but then there are simple things like a chicken pho (which they call a good deal soup for some reason), peanut noodles, and banh mis. Some of the other options are a curry soup (very good and going to be my go to in the winter), Curry noodles (really liked these), Burmese noodles (liked them at first but then got a bit tired of the flavor- lots of picked things), Thai crispy rice salad (good and actually spicy), Cambodian pork dip (this is an app and was very good, and would be big enough for a meal). The dishes aren't as customizable as wok works or honeygrow where you choose a sauce, topping, veggies and everything, here you just choose a protein ( tofu, seitan, grilled chicken, fried chicken, pork (+$1), and shrimp (+$3)). The fried chicken and grilled chicken are both really good.
The set up is pretty much the same as wok works was: order at the counter, choose a protein and type of food, they have some sort of rewards system you can link your card to, serve yourself complimentary water and grab your chopsticks/cutlery/napkins/ hot sauce, sit down at tables very close to others, they bring out your food, you bus your own table.
Hoping they add some hot noodle dishes for the winter, and looking forward to trying all their options!I've lived in the neighborhood for about 7 months now and I finally got the chance to try stock. I ordered the good deal with chicken to go in hopes to cure my cold. It was absolutely delicious and was just what I needed. The dish was flavorful and was a great portion size (I got mine to go). I will be coming back here and will recommend to my friends!I've been to Stock Rittenhouse at least 5 times now and it's always delicious. I will say, I think the Fishtown location is better (it's the OG, of . course it is), but I love having the Rittenhouse option as well. I've tried noodle dishes, soups, as well as salads, and they're always fresh, flavorful, and delicious. My favorite unique menu item is the crispy rice salad - SO GOOD! Try it out!We recently ordered from stock on a cold day looking for a nice soup fix. 
Stock delivered. (Literally, they do deliver via cavier, however we just ordered ahead and picked up) 
The set up is pretty simple, you pick the type of food you want (they offer soups, sandwiches, cold and warm noodle dishes and some snacks). In this case we both picked the 'good deal' soup.  From there your can choose your protien, we picked the Thai fried chicken. 
The fried chicken was amazing, crispy and crunchy crust with a moist and delicious inside. The perfect crunchy foil to the warm soup and soft rice noodles. The broth was also pretty good, I would compare it to a pho type broth more than anything else. It was good, not the best I've had but certainly hit the spot that day. 
Everything came packaged separately as we ordered take out so nothing was soggy when we got home. 
The restaurant itself is small but clean and we'll organized, everything is easy to find with a very casual vibe.
I would say stock is a must try and I will be back for more.Waited over two hours for our food only to be told it wouldn't be arriving and then when asking for an explanation was hung up on by the restaurant. Was really looking forward to trying this spot and had only heard good things ~ but won't be returning after this experience.Today's lunch devours came from Stock Rittenhouse! Today we got the Thai noodle soup  with no noodles, just a side of rice. The Thai noodle soup consist of chicken broth with oyster sauce, rice noodles, crispy garlic  in garlic oil, Chili  jam, palm vinegar, pickled jalapeños, cilantro, and bean sprouts with Thai Basil . We also added grilled jumbo shrimp . The taste was absolutely amazing . The flavors of this soup is like fireworks  when there love at first sight! I will definitely be back here soon! If you ever find yourself in center city wanting some bomb ass pho  definitely check out Stock Rittenhouse; and tell them Shimmy sent you! #philadelphia #philly #soup #soupseason #garlic #cilantro #beansprouts #shrimp #seafood #water #food #foodporn #foodstagram #foodieOrdered delivery. Got the Lao curry soup and the mushroom pho! Received HOT broths (I guess during the first covid wave you had to heat up the broth yourself) which was in a different container than the noodles and toppings. Both dishes had loads of flavor especially the Lao curry! Will be ordering loads more now that the weather is getting colder!My fiancé and I are obsessed with Stock. Everything we order is always incredible and packed with so much flavor. Truly, there's nothing like this place. After living in LA and experiencing the food scene there and then coming back to Philly - Stock is a total gem. Don't take it for granted people.Soup used to be awesome but I feel like they have been on a gradual decline. Used to love coming in and didn't mind paying a bit more for a great product. However, the last two visits were not good. My soup was not hot and I thought it was a fluke and just asked for them to reheat. ( no worries) however there was something in my soup the last visit and I just threw it out and decided not to go back. Hopefully they step it up.Delicious! I'm now craving this place constantly, and I live an hour outside the city. Easy and safe pick up.I love Stock Rittenhouse so much!! My partner and I were craving a heart bowl of noodles and soup and Stock has been on our radar for sometime, so it was a no-brainer to stop in.
We ordered a bowl of the Lao Curry and Good Deal and we were 100% in heaven.  The Lao Curry had nice notes of coconut and savory Thai curry flavors.  I ordered mine with a side of fried chicken and oh my God it was delicious - so crunchy and flavorful.  The Good Deal had the most savory tasting, rich broth. It's nice your typical 'pho' soup even if they were served with pho-like rice noodles.  The noodles are soft and plentiful and each bowl is also chockfull of different veggies.  They have a more traditional pho option on the menu though if you're craving the experience and also cold noodle options and salads. 
The serving portions are huge. We took ours home to finish for dinner the next day, and it was truly worth two meals.
We also each ordered a Thai iced coffee - it was so good, not to strong and not too sweet.
The menu may be pretty simple in its offerings, but it is some crave-worthy food for sure. The inside is small, but we didn't have a problem grabbing a seat for two. For a bigger party, I would for sure think about making doing takeout/delivery instead, as I don't believe they do reservations (it's more of a quick service type restaurant).
Service was great and everything came out pretty quick. I will for sure be back before the winter is over and as the weather just keeps getting colder!I ordered the Lao Curry Soup and when I tell you that sauce was BANGIN'. Oooooh Weeeeee! I had ordered it via delivery -which grub hub took forever to deliver. But the young lady at the restaurant was great. She'd contacted GH twice and even called me to let me know when grub hub had finally picked up my order. The curry sauce came in a separate container and at first I was all like, "why didn't they put it together" but after I poured it onto the bowl with the noodles and everything, my soup came to life. The flavor, oh my god, the flavor was so tasty & fresh. I couldn't stop eating it. There was so much sauce that I froze what was left over so that I can add it to some rice tomorrow. I can't wait to get it again!I LOVE stock's food. I've probably ordered from them on Caviar 25 times and been to eat at both locations about 8 times. My problem.... IT IS FILTHY. I ordered the lettuce wraps and they came once filled with dirt in the lettuce stem. I called, they refunded, figured it was a one time bundle of lettuce someone accidentally skipped washing. Then I ate inside with my husband and ordered my go-to lao curry with fried chicken all to find a giant house fly cooked into my soup  they refunded my soup, but honestly I'm truly disappointed at how dirty they are. I eat out so often and I've never experienced a misstep like that- let alone twice.Three cheers for the stock Rittenhouse staff for preparing a wonderful meal, delivered on time, while keeping their masks over their nose and mouth!! We've seen so many take away places with chin cups instead of masks and it makes us so nervous for the safety of their employees. I arrived 20 min early and not once did I see any of the incredible staff at Stock Rittenhouse remove their face mask. We plan to make Stock Rittenhouse our weekly take away go to destination!This place may have the absolute slowest service of any restaurant i have ever encountered.  I just went there to order lunch to go and for one sandwich and one cold noodle bowl.  It took 30 minutes.  This is the third time I've been subject to an extraordinarily long wait time at Stock.  I'm done.  The food is good, but not worth losing that much time in the middle of a work day.I probably order lunch from Stock 4-5 times a week. I am obsessed with the Burmese Crunch salad and the Banh Mi sandwich!  Both are excellent. Everything else I've tried has been good too. The people who work there are friendly and accommodating -- especially during Covid times. Please try to keep this wonderful place afloat. I would really really miss my go-to lunch spot!I feel like my experience at Stock Rittenhouse was quite unnecessary and rather ridiculous. So my friend had wanted to check it out, and the two of us arrived at this restaurant for a late lunch on a dreary drizzling day and used an app to order our food because we had promo credit on the app. When our food was ready, the server informed us that if we used the app to order our food, we can't sit in at the restaurant to eat it. I was so confused by what she was telling me that I legit had to ask her, "Wait, so we can't sit here to eat the food that we ordered and bought from here?" to which she responded, "sorry, the app is for pick up only". And here is the context: there was literally only three other customers eating in the entire restaurant and zero people waiting to order. I mean, if the place had been full, or even half-way full, I understand if they were like, sorry but people who order in person have priority for seating (where even that I don't know if it's necessary). But it was literally so empty - I counted over a dozen empty seats (since may I repeat again, there was only three other ppl eating in the whole restaurant) because I was so baffled; it made no sense - all we wanted to do was to eat the food from the place we bought the food from, esp when it was grey and drizzling rain outside. Also my app shows that our food was ready for pick up at almost 1pm, which is closer to the end of lunch, so I can't imagine they were waiting for a large wave of people or anything. 
Am I crazy for thinking that I should be able to eat at a place where I purchased the food from, and not be denied just because I ordered through the app when I arrived at the restaurant instead of ordering in person? And can I repeat just one more time for emphasis: it was a very empty restaurant! 
When we finally got around to eating the fried chicken sandwich, while tasted pretty yum cuz fried chicken has a hard time tasting bad, I don't think it's worth $8, since it's pretty small (think of an expensive Asian chick fil a type sandwich). I saw the food that the three other customers (two elderly white women and one elderly white man) had at the restaurant while I was waiting for my food, and their pho noodles looked highly unrepresentative of authentic Asian food. Of course I can't speak to the taste of it, since I didn't order the pho and plan on never visiting again.
All in all, would never recommend. If I could boycott an establishment in center city, this would be my pick of the year.We ordered their soup and noodles on a cold snowy day during the winter time. The soups were perfect and the exact asian fusion blend i was looking for. My husband got the vegan good deal and he loved it. It was a perfect pho with a little of extra things. Great blend of spices and great choice for if you want pho with an extra kick. I got the Lao Curry and it was exactly what I was craving, a nice noodle soup with a creamy spicy broth with a thai touch. We also got the spicy peanut noodles and they hit the spot! We will definitely be ordering from here again when we want a nice soup to warm the soul on a cold day. 
The one downside is, they have limited hours and do not seem to pick up the phone lately.I'm a regular - eat here once a week, sometimes more.  I love their fresh, healthy salads and delicious broths.  The service  is always friendly and efficient.  But lately I've been leaving pretty unsatisfied - they've been skimping on lettuce/cabbage in the salads and noodles in the noodle soups.  Not always - depends on the kitchen staff.  But it's been like 50% of the time in the past 2 months.  This is your cheapest ingredient - why skimp and have your customer walk away still hungry?  I'm not going to stay a regular if I feel like I'm playing roulette with getting enough to eat!Not a huge fan of the modern take on classic Vietnamese dishes. Food: I had the pho with chicken broth and they asked me if I wanted grilled or fried chicken with it. Surprised by the question, I opted for grilled. The bowl looked like normal pho but when I started to eat, it was completely flavorless. Really the only flavor coming out of the broth was the grilled chicken, and even that flavor was extremely subtle. Also ordered the chicken wings - I was a fan of this, wasn't a classic sriracha flavor but was definitely spicy and the peanuts helped bring in some more flavor too. Overall, good fried chicken, but flavorless pho. 
Service: nice and clean. You order at the counter and they bring the food to your table. The staff was friendly while taking my order and we got many farewells when we left.I am so glad they opened up in the city. I have tried their fishtown location a few times. I always get Kha Poon with tofu and this time I tried it with grilled shrimp and it was too good. The service is great and it's quick. The tofu bahn mi is yummy too.Honestly some of the best pho in the city. Delivery is always hot and fresh. Just wanted to share some love for always being A+!Absolutely one of my favorite places in all of Philly. Lemme just start this review off by saying ... the flavor ........... is off the whole d*mn chart. 
Amazing begins here. 
I usually always get one of the soups but you really can't go wrong with anything on the menu. The thai fried chicken is out of this world.
My only complaint is that its kind of disappointing that the Rittenhouse location does not have the PAPAYA SALAD dish that the Fishtown location has two versions of (probably my favorite dish in the entire universe) Pleassssse bring it to the Rittenhouse location, im begging you for papaya salad.
I'll be back soon!The food is great and they give you a LOT for your money!!! The crispy chicken is next level!! I got a pho bowl with the crispy chicken on the side and it was amazing...especially good for a cold night. Everyone should go!!I tried Stock again and it gained 1 star in my book (even though my husband said 2.5 at best). This time, we got chicken lettuce wraps, lao curry with chicken, and the rice bowl with shrimp. 
Lettuce wraps: The chicken mixture was flavorful and tasted good. However, the lettuce they give you to "wrap" it in is a joke. They were the narrowest pieces of lettuce to exist and a few of them were ripped down the middle. We still liked the dish overall, but it just made no sense to serve lettuce wraps this way.
Rice bowl: We got it with shrimp and the shrimp were well cooked and flavorful, though there were only 3. The actual rice bowl itself was extremely one note and just tasted of coconut. No spice or other flavor profile at all.. just rice slathered with creamy coconut sauce. The grilled pineapple was missing as well. 
Lao curry: The noodles and chicken were well cooked. The broth was just weird. It just didn't feel like Thai or Vietnamese to me and I just didn't get it. It was a little spicy, which I like but I just don't think I understand the flavor profiles of this place. 
I'm glad I gave it another shot but that's the last one for me.