I love this place it's so delicious and fun! The Friday hostess is incredible at managing a very packed bar and making sure people get seated. The drinks are great and inexpensive, $3 mango margarita?! You can't beat that. The food is great! I love the stomboli, it's probably one of the best I've ever had! if you go on a slower night the bartenders are very friendly, and very south philly, which makes the time enjoyable. 
The crowd is a little bit older so the noise comes from people talking and having fun. 
Sunday's they have a live singer, which is fun!
My only qualm with this place is they do not take credit or debit cards. I would probably go here a lot more often if they did, and spend a lot more money. On the plus side if you use the ATM machine they'll give you a free draft beer, sometimes it's of your choosing depending on which server you get.I like this place a lot. They have a great Quizzo with probably some of the best prizes in the city, an excellent Chicken Ceaser salad and stromboli. 
I do think the booze is a little pricey, but beer specials are right on. Nice atmosphere (get there early for Quizzo though)Fun atmosphere, especially on a Sunday night when there's a live singer. Decent beer selection and friendly staff. Food is average.Hit this spot for lunch with some coworkers. We split a salad, a Stromboli, and a pizza between us. The salad was really good with black olives, onions, pepperoncini, salami, and pepper jack cheese.  Stromboli was cappicolla, salami, and provolone. Pizza was sausage, pepperoni, red pepper, and onion. Everything was AWESOME!  I woulda liked to have tried their Sausage Bites appetizer and a beer, but we had to head back to work. Next time!just terrible, from the slow service to the yucky food and the incredibly rude bar patrons.  oh, and the owners and managers are also completely obnoxious.  come here for your daily dose of homophobia and racism!  what a lame addition to the neighborhood: another bar with no originality or class.
also, the management are writing fake reviews.  cathleen, anyone?  come on now.Great neighborhood spot.  Small family run, not trying to be anything but a good place to get a great meal and a beer, and they do it well.Best tavern in south Philly, hands down ! Great service tooI came here once with a good friend of mine. The service wasn't bad and the atmosphere was nice but the food wasn't good. I ordered chicken parm, which is difficult to mess up, but it was...my friend ordered something else and they brought him something completely different from what he ordered. He ate it anyway, and wasn't impressed either. Although the service wasn't bad, probably wouldn't go here again!Good pizza...CHECK
Good mussels...Double CHECK
Good Chicken Cutlets....The Best CHECK!!
Seriously good all around. Try their chicken cutlet with broccoli rabe and sharpe prov. One of the best in the city!We ordered in pizza for lunch from Stogie Joe's and I have to say, it was a bit of a letdown. I was ready to like it, and based on looks alone, I thought I was in for something special, alas, my Philadelphia pizza experience has remained consistent. Just ok.  It seems to come down to the crust. The texture is dense which is a bit off putting. On top of that, pun intended, the cheese and sauce seemed to be really light on salt and approaching bland. Sorry Stogie Joe's, I just didn't enjoy it much.CASH ONLY!
That being said- have been there twice since our move to South Philly and this place pleases even the pickiest of eaters (otherwise known as my parents).  Pizza is upside down with the cheese on bottom and sauce on top.  Thinner crust, square- just get the large who doesn't love leftovers?!?!
Potato wedges are a incredibly small portion- 4 of them showed up as a side and about 7 for an appetizer. IMO not worth it.  Side House Salad is great- huge, always bring home leftovers of it and the dressing is killer (yes I saved it and put it on my own salad), comes with delicious meats and cheeses.
Roast pork definitely a great purchase and my mom actually go without bread, which was pretty good as well.
They seem to have drink specials everyday but remember bring that cash!I always order their chicken cutlet with broccoli rabe and sharp provolone.  The last couple of times the sandwich has been really dry.  It's either the roll is drying up or they should put a little bit of juice from the rabe on the sandwhich, or both.  It's still good though so this time I am giving 4 stars.  Next time I will ask if they can add a little juice to it and hopefully that will make a difference. To be continued...Went with local and it was tasty local Philly flavor. Both the food and people. Super nice staff and you feel like you are one of the neighbors. Great pizza and Stromboli. The salads looked fresh and tasty. I will be back.Great little dive bar on Passyunk Ave. Beer and food were good. Wait staff was friendly and attentive. Large portions. Great bang for your buck! The hot roast beef sandwich I had was very filling. I think next time I'll try a square pizza!I cant believe nobody has made a single review about their homemade BBQ sauce! I have literally licked my plate clean and would drink this stuff if I wasn't concerned with appearances.  They are renowned for their pizza - its a must try! The Stogie Joe Stromboli is the best Stromboli in South Philly. The house salad tastes like your mothers and the meatball sandwich tastes like your grandmothers. And PLEASE do not discount anything BBQ on their menu. I am telling you it will be the best BBQ you've ever had.  Oh, I also had their crabs for the first time last night... Need I praise this establishment anymore?! 
Sincerely, a "really-hungry-now" native south phillianBustling neighborhood tavern with great good at reasonable prices. Have the stromboli!!Your parents are in town for Sunday Funday...where do you take them? Stogie Joe's of course!
Every Sunday they have a Sinatra impersonator (in voice not look) from 3:00-6:00 and the guy can sing! My husband and I were the youngest there by 30 years but still had a blast. 
This is only a 3 star review because we didn't eat and it's cash only with an ATM surcharge of $2.75- ouch! But it's a fun time to hang out and sing along.I gotta say - the name of this place scared me off for a while.  Stogie....Joe's....Tavern...?  In a city of 100s of pizza delivery options to one's doorstep, why would I choose a place with this strange name?
Well, I'm glad I broke down and tried delivery one day anyway.  After all, the idea of upside down pizza is *so* intriguing.  And let me tell you - this pizza blew away my expectations.  It's nothing I would ever expect to like in pizza (I'm a NYC pizza fan) - thick crust, a thin layer of cheese, sauce on the top- and yet it works! It works so well!
All of my delivery pizza now has to come from Stogie Joe's. All of it.  And occasionally I opt for a stromboli because those are darn delicious as well.My sister-in-law loves this place and wanted my wife and I to bring her and her hubby here for her birthday. We arrived about 5 pm on a Friday night. Parked about a block away. We were told about a half hour wait. Half hour was really only 15 minutes, but since there was really no place to sit or stand and we were in everyone's way, it felt like forever.
Once we were seated our server took our drink orders while we looked at menus. We ordered a pizza, a house salad, and a stromboli to split among the 4 of us. It was more than enough food. So much we ended up taking leftovers home. Food was served hot and was most excellent. Some have raved about their square pizza with sauce on top as being the best in Philly. While I enjoyed it very much, I prefer a round Neapolitan style pie with cheese on top. The stromboli was cooked perfectly, with just the right amount of ingredients. House antipasto salad was huge, enough for everyone, I think I had 3 servings!
The food was reasonably priced for how good it was. The drinks were cheap as well. I ended up having a couple Yeungling drafts since that's what my brother-in-law was having. I wanted to make it easy on our server, since he was busy and seemed distracted by everything else going on. We had to remind him twice about our drinks from the bar. 
The place was really packed when we got up to leave, impatient people waiting for a table staring at us. Well it is a cool local bar with good food and drink at good prices, I can see what the fuss is about!This is my second time here and I absolutely love it! The first time I got the house salad which comes with salami, peppers, cucumbers, and a delicious dressing. I also got the potato logs with cheese. SO GOOD! One of the best house salads ever. The second time I visited which was 7/28/15, I got the house salad again and I also got the spinach and cheese Stromboli. Delicious!!! I think I'll always get the house salad everytime I visit Stogie Joe's because that's how much I love it. The Stromboli was huge and it was only $9. I even got to take 4 pieces home and it'll be my lunch for work!
This is a cash only restaurant but they have a full bar. They have everyday specials which is awesome: $3 margaritas, $5 shot/beer, and other ones. They also have Quizzo on Mondays and Crab/Mac on Tuesdays.
I cannot wait to go back!!! :)Awesome South Philly ambiance, completely casual and unpretentious. We have been here a few times before Flyers games, and it's a great spot for fresh casual food that tastes great. Their pizza is different in that it has the sauce on top instead of under the cheese, but it's really tasty especially topped with long hots! They have pasta and nightly entree specials as well as good sandwiches and plenty of beers to choose from. They even make a pretty decent cocktail.  If you aren't feeling fancy, Rolling Rock and PBR are always $2.  It's cash only, but there is an ATM on the premises if you should forget. The staff members were pleasant and accommodating on each of our visits.I just tried their pulled pork bbq sandwich. It was good. But what I really wanted to try was their pizza.. Unfortunately I didn't come with my friends, and the smallest size they have still too much for me alone. So I have to skip on that.. sadly.
Friendly service and everything.. easy to find free parking spots.. and.. I still need to try their pizza :(
Well.. I'll be back soon just to try on their pizza.Delicious pizza, big space, great crowd, and they love to do outdoor events with a beer tent...AWESOME!!!
I think some of the old school South Philly crowd here keeps the hipsters away, so the crowd is more diverse than you'll find on Passyunk Ave.
They had a nice tent and set up with a band for Beer Week and for the Passyunk Car show. They also have outdoor seating, and semi outdoor seating. (Side note, part of the bar looks like it's a converted garage. Sometimes the door is open, sometimes the door is closed and they'll then light the fire in the fireplace.)
Go for their beer selection, their tomato pie, outdoor seating.Still my favorite casual go to spot on Passyunk. Sometimes I get a cranky server, but food is always on point and fast. Somewhere I can go with friends or my family. My nieces (6 and 7 years old) love their muscles and chicken parm.Our second time here as a crowd and everything is delicious.
Flat bread pizzas in a few variations, spinach Stromboli, roast pork sandwich.
Saturday evening with the place being crowded and service is always fast. 
A must try when you are in the area!Okay so next time I come here, I'm just gonna stick to good bar basics and what they seem to be known for: stromboli, pizza, and maybe a sub. But we made the mistake of ordering entrées. This is strictly a neighborhood, cash only, pub food style establishment. 
With that said, I've looked at the menu online multiple times to see if I wanted to go here and, for some reason, nothing stood out at me as "wow, I need to try that!" Plus the pizza has no cheese....it's the traditional red tomato South Philly pizza. We decided to give it a shot anyway.
We started with the fried buffalo wings which were actually really tasty with the perfect vinegary sauce. That was probably my favorite part of the meal.
Boyfriend got the full rack of ribs. Delicious, tangy mustardy BBQ sauce- I'll give them that- but the meat was dry and overdone. It still sorta fell off the bones but it was just left in a little too long. Plus, no coleslaw or fries with it. 
That's the problem here- while seemingly cheap, everything is a la carte. So no fries with the sandwich or meatballs with the pasta unless you wanna pay more for it...which can add up quickly. Plus there's no regular french fries, just potato wedges. However, their all-day-everyday drink specials of $2 Rolling Rocks and PBRs and $3 margaritas make up for it.
For dinner I ordered the special that night (when will I learn to just stick to the regular menu on my first visit?) which was meatloaf and potatoes. I figured a homey old school Italian joint couldn't screw up meatloaf. But it was unpalatable - so unbearably salty and garlicky that I brought home 3/4 of it uneaten thinking I just had an off night and would enjoy the leftovers later- but I can't even bring myself to eat it now. The flavors were definitely not lacking, there was gooey cheese in the center, the veggies and potatoes were crispy and tasty, and the meat was good quality (plus it was two giant meatloafs on one plate, so I can't complain about the leftovers). But the crazy salt level ruined it for me. Next time, I won't order off the specials.
Overall, I'd return with a group of people for a few pizzas, strombolis and the family style bowls of salad that they offer. Service was good, especially for how packed it was- and I like the neighborhood vibe. But I'd definitely only stick to basics here.Best pizza and stromboli in Philly but their menu has a ton of great stuff. I love this place.Very mediocre. Great service. Great waitress, but I was very disappointed with the square pie that I had heard was comparable to the best on the planet square pies in Oldforge/Wilkes-barre area, that are fried bottom. Places such as pizza lovin and my favorite pizza place, pizza perfect about 2-3 hours north of philly. Those places and their recipes are so far out of the league of any pizza place that I have tried in Philadelphia since I've lived here. It's a shame no one can figure out how to make a good fried bottom pizza in Philadelphia!!Great south philly bar!  The food is very good and the drinks are good also. Bartenders are really good!  Place can get crowded sometimes and parking can be tuff.  Cash only.I frequented this place with my friends as we were working on our masters degree. It was conveniently close to our school location.  We frequently challenged the advice of our professor when she let us out early and told is to work on our papers and NOT drink. But we would come here to knock them back. 
I dream of their pizza- it is so fresh and tasty. Their lunch special is killer with the salad and tomato pie. It it a lot of bang for your buck.  The margaritas are very good too.  So many places in the city destroy margarita, but these bartenders are excellent.  The atmosphere is that of a neighborhood bar because, you know, it is one.  
If you want some great pizza and a place to hang back and relax, come here!Stogie Joe's is a cross between a local dive bar and a wanna-be Italian restaurant.  We went on a day when there was an Italian festival/Beer Week celebrations outside so it was extra packed and beer was served in plastic cups (not sure if this is the norm).  Pizza made from homemade dough was good though, as were the typical bar fare (i.e. buffalo wings).  They also serve the more typical Italian specialties- Stromboli, pasta, Italian style salads, etc.  Overall, a very South Philly Italian feel to the place with a fun vibe but average food.my favorite for mussels in red. their crab gravy is top-notch. looking forward to trying their pizza next time. a little cramped & confusing upon first entering (no hostess and you feel like you're on top of people. otherwise, pleasant.Really fantastic pizza.  If you need a reason to go, this is it.  Sure, the beer list is terrible and the place isn't glamourous.  But you can eat well here on a budget.  Great addition to the neighborhood!Went to Stogies today for lunch. I had a medium well burger and my boyfriend had wings. Somewhat disappointed with our meals. My meal said it came with potato wedges....it came with two. I figured it would come with more than just two potato wedges! The wings were just okay. Wish I would have got the spinach Stromboli or a Caesar.Went here during a food festival on Passyunk that ran out of food... go figure lol. ANYWANY, the pizza was awesome... the way it was layed backwards (cheese bottom, sause top) was totally unique, and it actually made a difference, really cool and good tasting pizza. I also ate the chicken parm, and it's totally worth the price, it's a big filling portion and it's made just perfect. Plus it's a total benefit that they sell Hoegarden :)I'm just in town for a couple of days and a friend brought me to Smokey Joes. Atmosphere is relaxed. I got a pork sandwich and a small house salad. The salad was great, tossed in italian dressing, filled with lots of veggies, dried meats and cheese, 2 thumbs up! The pulled pork sandwich was good at first and got a little better as the bread soaked up some sauce and it caramelized a little.One of my neighborhood favorites! Cash only. Salads are great for sharing. My boyfriend and I split the small salad, which is plenty for 2 people if you are getting an entree too. 
Pizza always a good bet. Roast pork and roast beef sandwiches are also my favorite. The BBQ baby back ribs are super tender, fall off the bone delicious. The only thing is that I don't like the BBQ sauce so i order it on the side. Prices are moderate and fair. Everything I've order was worth the money. Service is always good and friendly.
Beer and wine selection is average. The tap is eclectic, from Yuengling to craft beers.
It can get crowded on the weekends, and when it is crowded, you won't see the waitress as often. I prefer to go for an early dinner or during the week when the music isn't loud.Some math:
South Philly dive + hip Passyunk corner eatery/ Brooklyn-style pizza pie=
Stogie Joe's awesome pizza, sandwich and beer spot. 
From the outside, Stogie Joe's looks very, very hipster-esque. The remake was completed last year with stone facing and facy signage. However, stepping inside, you can see that the South Philly ambiance is perfectly intact. Yes, there are tacky signs on the wall, some sort of cheap plywood tables and a generally dark, grimy feeling.
What Stogie's lacks in atmosphere is makes up for in spades with its pizza. 
A rectangular (yes rectangular, not square) pizza. Thin. Cheese on bottom. Pushed up sides. I know what youre thinking- isnt this the South Philly Sicilian? No.... this is THIN. And the sauce itself has a touch of spice. The cheese is remarkable fresh, not chewy like most places. 
I suggest the pepperoni. Watch out- it has a little bite.Came here off of recommendation when santuccis square pizza was too busy to grab a seat.
Really happy they were too busy. This pizza was just as good - same deal - square/sauce on top. Their sausage pizza was probably even better. 
Got wings to try the tangy BBQ sauce which was also good, girlfriend got the muscles and was all about them.Good food and good prices. The app salad was enough for 2-3 people and was very fresh. The riggatoni ravioli was awesome. Will check this place out again for sure. Only downfall is that it's cash only.food is delicious. atmosphere is great. service is sometimes slow but everyone is so friendly and happy. definitely check it out :)Wow! Best linguine and clams I've had in a long time! Whole environment was positive and the staff is so friendly that they made me feel at home. The lemoncello martini is to die for. Even though it's cash only they have an ATM. Would recommend to anyone!Delicious. Roast pork, pizza, wings, salad. All made to perfection. Service was excellent. A fantastic place to
eat.Stogies has THE BEST stromboli on earth. Decent beer selection, nothing remarkable, but some craft beer faves. Sausage sandwich, excellent. Specials are creative, affordable, and ON POINT. Classic music, old school South Philly vibes, and welcoming of all. But don't bring your Visa card, cause Stogies is cash only, yo.Went to Stogie Joe's tonight for a beer. The food smelled awesome! I saw some patrons eating platters with sandwiches, and the platters looked beautiful & delicious. 
Haven't tried the food yet, but it smelled out of this world. Stogie Joe's in on my to-do list.
2-29-2012
Went back to Stogie Joe's last  week for my birthday. GF and I ordered the mozzarella with tomato & basel appetizer. It was absolutely delicious. Slices of mozzarella with slices of tomato and chopped basel lightly drizzled with some type of vinaigrette.  What really stood out was that the tomatoes used were really flavorful. Not those crappy flavorless green tomatoes gassed to make them red. No, these tomatoes had taste. The food we had was good, and the place was nice with friendly staff and nice patrons. Was disappointed they don't make steak stromboli, but you can't have it all.I will be going here...a lot. What a great place. Small enough to feel cozy, and large enough to seperate dining from the bar. The menu has a lot of variety, so it was hard for me to narrow down what I wanted. I ended up going with mussels over linguine in a red sauce. It was delicious! Everything about it was great. The mussels were some of the best I have ever eaten, the sauce was just the right amount. My husband ordered a pizza, which is like cicilian, but a red top. It was so big, we had plenty to take home. It was not super thick or bready like most cicilians, it was the perfect conbination of bread, sauce and toppings. The bar is also very extensive and the bartenders were very attentive. I am so happy to have this new place in the neighborhood to frequent!The place is nice, if you forget that it only accepts cash and there is an ATM onsite. It was both convenient and annoying that the ATM was directly behind our table. 
The food was poor. This is the 2nd time we have tried the food here (last time was July 2012) and it was still flavorless. The ribs was poorly seasoned (if they were seasoned at all) and overcooked. The potato wedges were well cooked but how hard is it to prep large potato wedges? Not very hard. The waitress was pretty bad. Our friends had to go through about 4 beer selections to finally find a beer that was in stock. Even the beer that the waitress recommended because it was "definitely" available, was not available. 
Not coming back. This place stinks.went on recommendations of friends who loved it. so cute. great addition to the neighborhood. love the outside seating. had some drinks and a pizza with a friend. noel was or server. she was great. enthusiastic and helpful. the pizza was really good. the atmosphere was comfy. i love what is going on on passyunk ave. almost no reason to go into center city anymore. this hood is getting sexier by the minute.Sorry, but very disappointed. The location has improved over the years but Stogie's fell short on expectation as we could not wait to leave. Beer glasses dirty, signature ribs were bland but the worst part is the attitudes of the local patrons and service staff. Seems like they allow anybody with a big dog and body odor to barge in and sit wherever and whenever. We had a customer with a dog bother us while we were trying to eat trying to sit at our table and then rudely confront us when we said we did not want to move. Then manager came over and asked us to move...really...then waitress drpped the check on our table 20 seconds later to try and force us to leave. Place is a joke, never in my life treated so rudely. $100 for a couple drinks and so par food...never, never again. Run, don't walk past this wannabe city social spot.I woke up this morning, basking in the hot sun, in the middle of the sidewalk, wondering where all my cocktail bruises came from. Then I remembered how it all started. When my friend agreed to attend a cocktail event with me, we somehow ended up taking complete advantage of the open bar. One drink lead to seven and next thing I know, I'm singing karaoke to a bar packed with gay men. 
Turns out, that bar was Stogie Joe's and what I thought would be a low-key night out ended being a famous Tuesday jaunt. Despite how busy the bar was, I literally had no problem getting a drink. Stogie's is the perfect neighborhood spot if you're looking for South Philly Italians. It's definitely not a gay bar, but just gay for last night- like a lot of people I know.   
I didn't actually wake up on the sidewalk. Thanks.Stogie Joe's isn't bad at all.  We've found ourselves here a couple of times when meeting people to go somewhere else.  Pretty good beer list.  We typically don't stay long, and I've never stayed for food, but a good place to stop for a round. 
Prices aren't bad.  Some good deals for specials.Best corner pub in S-Phil. The meatball sandwich is out of this world, all you can eat crabs on Tuesday are huge, pizza is incredible and the beer is cold w great prices. Staff makes you feel like family.I've been there several times now, and the place just consistently has bad service.  
I ordered the shrimp ceasar for dinner.  It only had 3 pieces of shrimp on it!  My boyfriend ordered a sandwich and he got it about 10 minutes after I got my food.  So that wasn't good.  
Another time, they completely forgot to bring my boyfriend's meal for about a half hour after everyone else's food was out.  So as you can imagine, this is not his favorite place. 
At least they have a descent beer selection.Great food, atmosphere. Had the chicken cutlet and the stogi Stromboli. Both were fantastic!!!I had heard a lot of great things about stogie joe's so after a concert my friends and I trekked down to south Philly and were really impressed! The waiters were cool and friendly, the food was tasty (I shared a small pizza with a couple friends and tried the potato wedges), and best of all THEY HAD DRINK SPECIALS ON A SATURDAY NIGHT! I really enjoyed my time there and would recommend it to friends looking for a cool, relaxed night out in south Philly! Another plus is they have semi-outdoor seating.Got a sidewalk table on a beautiful Saturday night! A great place to chill and people watch. I ordered a chicken chicken cutlet sandwich with sharp provolone and marinara. The sandwich was as big as two sandwiches with a chunky sauce enhanced by fresh basil on the side. While I waited I literally started salivating over the smell of neighboring table's salad, so I added one to my order. Their house salad is a delicious blend of mixed lettuce with bell peppers, tomatoes, kalamata olives, Italian meats, and a house oil and vinegar that is simple and savory. My friend loved both her soup and mussels, but we were blown away by the price. Great food at fair prices with a fun atmosphere makes you want to return.Excellent spot, made it in here last week on a whim, Very pleasantly surprised. 
The Stromboli's are awesome and they have great salads big enough to share with the table. Prices are also very reasonable considering the size of most entrees they offer. 
I will make my way back!We go here for an occasional tomato pie- it's saucy and decent crust. The location on Passyunk has a nice indoor/outdoor patio and the service is great. No complaints here!Awful!! Worst place to be! Went out to this bar for the first time tonight, service was slow, server was EXTREMELY rude! Never coming back!This place is one of the places in south philly where you get a really diverse cross section of people...leopard-wearing snooki types, hipsters, old dudes, barflys...but that's what makes it so special. The food is amazing, particularly the roast pork sandwich, the pizza (!!!), mussels and the house salad. I'm dying to try the stromboli but must have someone around to share it with! Taking off one star because it's cash only. They do have an ATM, but come on...Stogie Joe's is a no frills, order your drink and shad ep' South Philadelphia bar right there on good ol' Passyunk. 
I went with my work crew and we drank, and talked, and drank some more, and talked some more. Our waitress could have been more engaged but, then again, this is Philly right? Order your drink shad 'ep!
Good times and will be back.Disclaimer: I've never actually eaten here and the only times I've been have been at the very end of the night.  
We usually end up here after having a great meal at a nearby restaurant and we're not quite ready to go home yet, but I always groan internally when it's suggested.  I put a smile on my face and go, though, because my friends all like it.  The inside is way, WAY too cramped and the club-like music hurts my eardrums so I tend to grab a drink and head outside to find a table to sit at.  They may be a "full bar" according to Yelp, but the only wine they have comes out of a jug.  Yes, one of those big glass gallon jugs of "top quality" wine.  I usually just chug it back and try my best to not let it touch my tongue. (And you may be thinking, "so just get a mixed drink", well unfortunately I have to continue drinking what I started the night with otherwise I get really sick)
In addition to the unbelievably loud, obnoxious music and cramped space indoors, there's always really old creepy guys at the bar.  One night, there was a guy who must have thought I was underage because he kept handing me his ID to give to the bartender so I'd be able to get a drink. When I firmly said no thank you for the third time, he continued to gawk at me while I ordered and paid.  I know that's not Stogie Joe's fault, but it just adds to my annoyance with the whole experience.
It seems like the positive reviews are all about the food so maybe if I can ever forget my feelings about 'late-night' Stogie Joe's, I'll make it over here for the food.If you never been or haven't tried the food , you really have to!!! Greatest pizza, salmon is delicious, pasta is fantastic. The ambiance is awesome. Everyone is amazing. The food is ALWAYS CONSISTENT. Never had one bad meal always left satisfiedI freaking love this place!! Probably the best food for the price in the area and they deliver. The pizza is amazing and the ribs are ridiculous. A half rack weighs a lb and the sauce delicious. I would reccomend this place to anyone.Im confused how this place has a decent rating..  I was only there for drinks, and they were lame.   My "classic" margarita was nothing but sour mix, I think they forgot the tequila both times.  We also ordered the old fashioned, was not good.. all that, and a waitress with a major attitude when we said we were here for drinks.  That was after standing around for ten minutes to see if we could just sit ourselves.   On top of that, cash only.. Really?  Your prices are not that low..  I can see if your drinks were a tad cheaper , but they are not..  I might try their food as people have said its good, but for the drinks and a new local bar for meto catch the game at, me thinks not.Got lunch here with my friends after walking down Passyunk to see what was open.  After looking at the menu we decided that we wanted pizza and wings.  They were both pretty okay, but I did think that $2 per topping on a large pizza was a little steep; however, I didn't mind paying a little extra, especially if it means supporting a local business. 
I did enjoy the thiness of the crust, and it was interesting to eat a pizza prepared upside down (cheese first, the sauce on top.)  I just feel like the sauce could've used a a little more flavor.
I would try Stogie Joe's again, but I will try something different on my next visit.While the ambience is full of strange juxtapositions -- a very up-to-date facade and signage followed by a dreary and unadorned interior, if you give this place a chance or two to impress you in terms of it's food and atmosphere, you will likely be back.  
If you're looking for the hipster vibe and craft brew beer list, you won't find it here.  I think this is refreshing, as nearly any bar within a certain distance of center city seems to have been overtaken by the craft beer movement, skinny jeans and tattooed bartenders.  In other words, while some would see the vibe lacking at Stogie Joe's, I find it to be unique and true to its roots. 
The stromboli here is truly amazing.  Probably the best i've ever had -- and i've had many.  I like to get the pepperoni stromboli with a side of sauteed spinach.  I have yet to try the pizza but it appears to be the favorite, and as other reviews here would attest, pretty damn good.  I would avoid other things on the menu (which is why I only give the four stars) because the sandwiches and dinner plates outside the realm of cheese and dough are between mediocre and average.  
Another thing keeping this from five stars is the cash-only policy.  Given the popularity and recent facade renovation, is seems odd.Pizza is always great. We had their ribs and they were fantastic! So juicy and the meat fell off the bone. Wings are good too. They don't accept cards which was a bit of bummer but overall great food and a bucket of Miller High Life made the night. Service is a bit slow and a little rude - but hey it's passyunk ave so expect that....This place is out of control! If you are looking to have a meal? You will be repulsed at the atmosphere and the people in there. We witnessed a couple yesterday at table in the middle of the restaurant making a spectacle of themselves. She had her shoes off and the ( I can't call him a man ) she was with was rubbing her feet, applying salt, and sucking her toes. They were with a large group. I tossed my cookies. My fiancé had his arm slammed by the kitchen door several times with NO apology from the staff as he kept quiet. I than, got my already broken fingers jammed into my seat as customers lined up behind me for the restroom. I saw stars. At this point, I lost it and demanded a manager. I was told, " there is no manager on duty." How the hell does an establishment NOT have a "manager" on duty. I refused to pay the bill. They made a mockery and did not treat us properly. We were not the only customers appalled.  I will never step foot in that establishment! Especially, one that allows chaos and employees to be out of line and "not" have a "manager" on duty. I recommend everyone who works hard for their money to do the same.I see that this place gets stellar reviews so I decided to check it out, being one of the few bars on Passyunk I have yet to experience.  I have to say I won't be wasting my money here again.
First off, they are cash-only.  I didn't see any signs that they were cash only and didn't notice any signs after discovering they are cash only.  They have an ATM, but it put my date and I in a bit of a spot since neither of us were expecting it.  It's 2012.  Get the Square.
All of the waitresses looked the exact same and our's seemed very rushy every time she came to the table and got huffy when we weren't ready.  I wasn't overly impressed with their beer selection and I wasn't clear on what was drafts or not and ended up with a canned beer.
I also wasn't overly impressed with the menu or the price of it.  I really wanted fries with my meatball sub but wasn't about to pay for them....perhaps I'm old fashioned but I just feel like for the price, my sandwich should come with fries.  Boyfriend got the spaghetti and was kind of put off that he had to purchase meatballs a-la-carte for it.  Neither meal was very impressive at all.
I was also put off by the fact that they were letting children in at such a late time.  A family of about 8 came in with 2 kids and were standing in my personal space as we were sitting at a two-top.  The whole family felt the need to crowd around the little gambling game thing at the table next to us as they let their kids play it.  That's not really the bar's fault, but it added to my crankiness of the waitress and the lackluster food.
Considering how many amazing spots I have found on Passyunk Ave, I won't be back to this one.  It takes a lot for me to be this unimpressed with a place.Cash Only...but they have an ATM on-site.  Having said that...I really like this place.  We recently moved into the South Philly area... and I found this place when I was walking home after a pedicure.  Brought the BF back for late lunch/drinks.  It was pretty good food...and decent beer selection.  As long as he gets Stella on draft...he's happy! I got the mussels, with the lemon and white bean.  This was very good.  He got the pizza one time..and the burger another.  All pretty good.  I really like the atmosphere, and the garage door that raises when the weather is nice.  Good spot for grabbing a drink...and a bite!It was a fun bar with good food at a reasonable price. Funky decor, hipster vibe but they were still nice to me! In the heart of Passyunk Ave. with so many great choices it's hard for me to end up here but I do and I always enjoy myself. Stay away from the Pizza but the sandwiches are Rock solid Philly style.Awesome pizza, great people!! Ribs fall off the bone!! Great place to go with a group of friends!! Reasonably priced!!I'm looking forward to coming back The pizza was excellent our sides were amazing...The service was OKGreat pizza, great wings. $2 High Life. Great South Philly neighborhood spot. Not "overrun" with any particular type of people, just a great place that many people are starting to notice and many will never bother to try.
The wings are probably my favorite in the city, and I've heard others say the same about the tomato pie, which I also think is excellent. The Caesar Salad, though simple, is well loved and comes in a very generous portion. Plenty to split several ways.
The service is always friendly. Sports on the TV. Very relaxed atmosphere. Outside seating is a nice touch. Bucket of 6 High Lifes for $10.
Nothing really bad to say about this place.Very much a South Philly neighborhood spot for locals to go - I used to frequent this place almost once a week for the amazing pizza, meatballs, and broccoli rabe. However, over the past year I have felt that the quality of food has declined pretty substantially. They must have cut costs in the ingredient department or something because the pizza is now chewy and somewhat bland (a major surprise to me considering that is their staple item). The meatballs are still decent, but something just doesn't feel right about them anymore. 
Say what you will about the food, but you can't beat the prices. Cheap booze, cheap food, and a fun atmosphere is what this place has going for it. The food, not so much anymore :/ 
I used to love this place, now I feel like it's only mediocre. I would love to give this 5 stars but I just don't feel that way anymore. I look forward to when Stogie Joe's will be getting back to their original, quality food, roots!Stogie's is the place to go if your looking for good food, fun and wonderful friends!!
Try the meatball sandwich it's to die for..Just got back from a great time at Stogie Joe's.  It was our first time there and we plan on going back very soon.  SJ's has a great atmosphere with a great vibe and a pleasant crowd of people.  From other reviews we read it sounds like it can get pretty crowded so for our first visit we decided on an early Sun afternoon.  We were seated and waited on promptly, our server was very friendly.  There was a guy singing great Sinatra & other Big Band Swing Classics which they apparently do every Sun, and made the visit all that much more enjoyable.  On to the most important part the food.  It was GREAT!  From other reviews we read it sounded like we had to try the pizza and Stromboli on our first visit but after having these items I can't wait to try more that they have to offer.  Our group had the clams casino, sorry I didn't personally try but I heard no complaints from those who ate them.  I had the house salad instead which was generous and had some phenomenal sharp parm on it with a great dressing.  We also shared a portion of the BBQ sweet sausage.  I am usually not a sausage fan but the BBQ sauce killed it for me.  It was a perfect sauce.  I couldn't help dipping my Stromboli in it a few times as well.  The boys shared a pepperoni sausage pizza which they couldn't stop raving about.  According to my husband he could eat it every day (even though I make him homemade pizza every Friday night.... he may be in a little trouble over that comment) so apparently this pizza was amazing.  I chowed down on the Stogie Joe's Stromboli which was out of this world.  It had a perfect blend of Italian meats and cheeses without being overbearing and gross.  A lot of Strombolis are way too packed with cheese making greasy and gooey this was literally the perfect amount of fillings and an amazing combination of flavors.  I would highly recommend checking this place out again and again. I am definitely going to go for something BBQ'ed next time just based on the sauce I had on the appetizer.I don't drink here, I just order from here, and the Stogie Joe's strombolis, the pizza, and everything else is good as well.Stromboli awesome!  Meatball good. Burger looked good.  Service at bar was fast..  Nice ambiance.  Beer selection limited....