Great lunch special. Food is flavorful and non greasy.I am obsessed with this place. My favorite vegetarian Chinese place in Chinatown, Singapore, closed down, so I gave this place a try. The first time I ordered the steak for dinner and it was delicious. 
I went for lunch the other day and the special was $6.75 and came with rice (no extra $ for brown), a side (spring rolls, salad, fruit), AND a soup (miso, hot & sour). All of that amazing food for $6.75! I got the kung pao tofu with peanuts and it was delicious. My friend got the "as-you-wish" which was like tofu sushi looking things? They looked amazing. 
Service is quick and friendly. I would order pick up about 30min ahead to stay on safe side because it's all freshly made I'm pretty sure. 
The interior is standard Chinese restaurant, spacious with booths. Nothing glamorous.RACIST. Just like Penangs. They treat Black people like crap. Every time I go, they remind me that it is vegetarian over and over again. My father has been a vegetarian for over 40 years. I know what  is vegetarian. The other day me and a friend went (my last time EVER) and the lady gave us burnt tofu. I have been eating tofu all my life. She claimed that we just wanted more food, when we all just tasted on piece each (only 3)  and agreed that it tasted burnt.  The waitor showed no respect, the manager showed no respect, and I have no respect for the establishment. If you are a person who belives in equality for all people regardless of race, you should really think twice about supporting this establishment.Holy hell this is by far and away the best vegetarian restaurant I've had the pleasure of patronizing. Take it from a lover of all things meats that Su Xing is delicious and does Chinese cuisine right. Had the three mushroom soup, eggplant tofu in garlic sauce, and chow mei fun singapore style noodles. Granted I hardly touched the tofu due to over ordering, but my lord those veggies, sauces, broth, and noodles were on point. Great hole in the wall that has me stuffed and smiling on the cheap!I had dinner here and I made the mistake of ordering an appetizer AND an entree. BY the time I was done with the scallion pancakes, I was pretty much full. I ordered the Taro potato knishes as an entree. For vegetarian food, it was really cheap and they gave me a huge portion I couldn't finish. BY the time I was done, I felt like a starchy knish myself. The flavor was ok. It was like any other fast food Chinese place - laden with orange sauce. I didn't really taste any taro since everything was deeply fried. The scallion pancakes were a bit stale and hard and the sauce was boring.  I would go here again if I was craving vegetarian Chinese food, but Philly has so many kinds of food I want to try, that it might take me a while to come back to Su Xing.I worked around the corner and could walk in and have the lunch special, eat it, and walk out in under an hour. They definitely move quickly to serve the business people that come in for meals. The lunch special is soup or salad, an entree, a bowl of rice, and a side, all for under 8 bucks or so. 
If you're gluten free or have allergies, probably not a great place: the wait staff aren't super knowledgeable, and the menu can be vague as to what the fake meat is made of. You can however ask for any of the items without the sauce, which is basically steamed veggies... really good steamed veggies. And the miso is really good, if you can risk the possible barley.
You can walk right past it unless you're looking for it, though... this place is a definite hole in the wall.Tasty and inexpensive. I often go here from lunch even though I am not a vegetarian - because the food is good, the service is very good and responsive, and you never have to wait for a table. 
I particularly like the lunch special version of General Tso's tofu.Never disappoints! The lunch specials make it hard for me to stay away. I love to grab a small bite for a late lunch, and pick up dinner since I'm there. Genius idea right?We came here for lunch today and it was great. The three treasure vegetables was comprised of broccoli, cauliflower, carrots, shiitake, and celery in a savory and light garlic sauce. The cold sesame noodles had a delish peanut and sesame based sauce and my friend loved the mushroom delight lunch special. FYI - they have lunch specials on Saturday, which come with a soup and side - all for under $7. Service was pleasant and our window booth was very comfortable. I have a feeling that this will become my go-to healthy Chinese place come fall.We got delivery from here and were disappointed. Everything was very average, but based on these Yelp reviews, we thought we were going to get something exceptional. First of all, the delivery was not at all fast. We got our food an hour after we ordered. Secondly, the food was fine, but they forgot part of our order and as this was a delivery, we couldn't get that back. It was only a large side of rice, oh well. The portions are gigantic, so you do get a lot of food for the money that you put in. 
Fried bananas: mushy and overripe bananas.
Shakes: More watery than milky (could be due to delivery on a cold night)
Creamy corn soup: It's like egg drop soup with corn -- delicious.
Tofu Eggplant in garlic sauce: Generous portion, the tofu tasted good. Large strips of tofu that were fried and marinated in the garlic sauce along with the eggplants. I recommend this dish.
Maybe the dining experience is better when you dine-in?If I was rating the food alone, I would assuredly give this place 5 stars- the food was simply amazing for vegetarians and not vegetarians alike! 
However, despite this absolutely amazing food, they lost a star and perhaps maybe should lose two stars given the fact that they are incredibly rude. 
The previous review about the waitress stomping her feet and/or pouting about customers not being ready to order immediately, is...true. Honest to goodness (not because I was with the other reviewer but because they did it to me too). 
The previous review about them being racist towards black people, I think is somewhat inaccurate. The staff appears to be incredibly unfriendly to everyone, and I noticed this from the diverse crowd that was in the place while we were. 
Mainly I noticed how they treated other people because I started to think the same thing about them disliking my fiancé and I because we were new or what have you. However, after paying attention for awhile I realized that they are just incredibly rude, it doesn't matter what race, gender, sexual orientation or what have you. It seems like if you are not part of their family then they don't like you, period. 
I find this to be quite sad considering the immense diversity within Philly, especially center city. Additionally, as a business establishment it's really unfortunate that they do not even feel compelled to be polite to their paying customers as if they feel it is unnecessary to do so. 
Bottom line...like everyone has said the General Tso's anything is amazing, the moo shu is delicious and hand wrapped for you and in front of you by the staff. I haven't had their food in 1 month and I am craving it desperately, that's how good it is. 
So, I will go back but it will be to pick up a takeout order, I have an interest in eating their food but do not have an interest in feeling uncomfortable when I do so. Until I find a place that has equally good veg chinese food and better hospitality, I will be ordering from here for takeout only and when I do find a better place- I'm gone.This place is the best for inexpensive, fast vegetarian Chinese food togo.  There are tons of options & the staff is always friendly.
I've ordered delivery many times & the service is always prompt (within 30 min) and my order is always correct.  
Many dishes aren't healthy - some of the breaded options can sometimes be over fried.  If you want to avoid this problem stear clear of the sesame seitan & opt for the veggie steak with black pepper.  The Dragon and Phoenix is another healthier option that doesn't sacrifice taste.Best.  Chinese.  Ever.
My man and I walked in and didn't realize it was vegetarian.  But I was thrilled to see the menu.  It wasn't full of fried substitutions, it was simply no meat Chinese.  I loved it.  I didn't feel totally disgusting at the end of the meal.
General Tsos?  YES.  Loves it.  Also a big fan of the potatoes and cauliflower in curry.  OMGGGG.
Also, I must admit, after my initial encounter with this place I went back the next day and had lunch there....and they day after that and got take out.  So I recommend.  I plan on trying everything on the menu.We eat lunch here a few times a month.   The owner is very professional and this place has received several business awards.  We generally go after 1:30 to miss the lunch crowd and we've never had a problem with service.
We prefer the upper room and it's great If you can get one of two booths by the window to watch the street scene.
They have lunch specials from $6.50 - $8.25 which include soup (my favorite is Miso...& it's not very salty!), side dish (lots of choices, but I get a spring roll -not greasy) and white or brown rice (brown, of course!) plus your entree!  It's a deal.
Everything we've ordered has been fresh, tasty and well prepared.   Just had the Sesame Seitan, which comes with broccoli and it was delicious (as usual).
They are open for dinner and this would be great place to eat before going to the Wilma Theater or the Academy of Music (even Susanne Roberts Theater, but that's a few blocks further).
Note: Lunch time is very crowded, so I'd suggest going at 11:30 or after 1:30 during the day.
Also, this is good, comfortable place for singles to eat.  There are some tables on the upper room that we see singles in all the time.   We've even seen singles in booths when we ate during the off hours for a late lunch after 2:00.
Even if you're not a vegetarian, this is good place to season your palette with some good vegetarian food.  Love it!Hidden gem, sort of. 
It is tucked away in an alley by Ladder 15. It's open late and has the best food! Like the other Yelpers said, the food is so fresh that you leave feeling satisfied rather than stuffed. Seriously you need to check this place out. It was surprisingly that delicious!As per previous recommendations, we decided to hit the lunch special which ended up being as cheap as stated, $20 for two people and we left stuffed. 
Hot and sour soup- may be a bit spicy for some, but absolutely perfect and delicious for me
Lotus root and peanut soup- a little bland and watery like miso soup, but interesting flavor
Sesame seitan- fried and crispy little nuggets covered in a sweet sauce and sesame seeds. Love!
Crispy steak- I preferred the more crispy texture of the sesame seitan, but my husband preferred this because he thought the sesame seitan was "chewier"
Spring rolls- Had tofu/glass noodles/seaweed inside. a bit bland for me but still very good.
Overall the food was excellent and we will be back. They also deliver within Center City. The service was good and fast, although maybe a bit abrupt and not overly friendly, but that may be a cultural thing and fine with us. Highly recommended for vegheads and non-veggies both.Great place to grab vegetarian Chinese food on the cheap.  I've only come into Su Xing for a sit down a couple times, but have mostly ordered delivery.  First thing is first, Su Xing's delivery is FAST, so don't go hopping in the shower!
Two faves: black pepper steak (I don't see this on the menu, but that's what I always say I want) and soybean nugget szechuan style.  These are a must!
I'll elevate this to five stars once I get more opportunities to go in for a sit-down, since some Yelpers here say the service isn't that good.  I've only been in a couple times, and can't say it was bad though...Su Xing is much nicer than your average Chinese Vegetarian, not that there is anything NOT nice about them in general -- it's just that they are not meant to be fancy.  But Su Xing is the most upscale one I've been to in Philly, with nice low lighting and is cozy with wooden booths and an upper level.  It could actually kind of be romantic.
I love that it is BYOB.  The menu is huge, with a long list of Chinese standards, just all vegetarian.  The Chef's Specialties can be tricky to picture from the descriptions -- until you discover the pictures on another page of the menu.  Still, deciding takes a very long time, because it all looks so unique and good.  We were crazy for the black seaweed pancakes and asked for a second order.  I like that they have seitan and cook with plenty of varieties of mushrooms.
Once drawback is that there are not many table choices for parties larger than 4.  I think there is one large table, so our group of 5 was placed at a booth with a chair and small table on the end, which kind of isolated the 5th person, because he could not hear us.  If you have a bigger group, reserve the large table.
I will be back for affordable, unusual, quite delicious vegan offerings.  I saw vegan because I did not detect any cheese or egg, though I could be wrong.  We had leftovers too, nice portions!  Plenty of omnivores in my circles love to eat this way, no guilt.  I think it is great to show people that creative wonderful dishes can be made from simple vegetables, that vegetarian eating can be a cuisine and not just a meal with all the fun parts taken out.  You won't miss the meat, and you can eat healthfully, unless you order 2 servings of fried seaweed pancakes like we did.  :-)Go here for Lunch.  Lunch specials are awesome!
Strolled here during a lunch break to check out all the hype.  Wow, who knew vegetarian Chinese could be so good!  I ordered the Hot and Sour soup which is one of my staple discriminators for a Chinese restaurant.  Not only was it the best I've ever had, it didn't leave that "burning goopy grease" feeling or taste in the back of my throat.  I woofed down a huge plate of Singapore noodles that were perfectly cooked.  I was pressed for time to get back to biz but I just couldn't stop eating.
I can't wait to return where I can sit while not on a lunch crunch and really trench in for some good ol' fashioned "me so stuffed on Chinese food" time.费城做素食的餐馆还不少，这家便是中餐典型的代表。用蔬菜和豆腐就能做出让肉食动物也垂涎的色香味俱全的佳肴。I love their food! After placing an order no realizing they don't deliver on that day, i called and said I was unable to pick up and they actually delivered to me anyway! What wonderful customer service!I think I might stop eating meat if I could have Su Xing cater all my meals. 
Are you sure there is no meat in the Sesame Seitan? What sorcery is this?! I swear this dish tastes exactly like there is meat. I could not tell a difference, doubt any meat eater would either. I loved this entree; the sauce, broccoli florets, and "meat" were delicious.
Another winner was the Eight Treasure Hot Pot. It was a broth of an interesting medley of vegetables and a questionable ingredient that resembled ham but tasted nothing like it. Of course this dish was overshadowed by the Seitan (pronunciation: satan??), but I still enjoyed it immensely.
The only thing I didn't like was the deep fried Chinese rice cake appetizer, which my boyfriend happily responded, "YAY! more for me!"
Su Xing definitely exceeded all my expectations. I actually expressed high doubts in regards to the caliber of food at a vegetarian Chinese restaurant. I was thoroughly impressed! I will be coming back, and perhaps I might become vegetarian (for a week or two).I have started going to Su Xing on a regular basis and am not vegetarian.
The hot and sour soup is a favorite, as is the General Tso's Vegetable. The General Tso's Vegetable and not Tofu was recommended by the waitress as her favorite dish.
I have tried Kingdom of Vegetarians near Chinatown before, and Su Xing is better. Su Xing stays true to Chinese recipes so that even if you aren't vegetarian, the food is recognizable and just as delicious. The textures of the "meat" dishes are not far off from the real deal for those who like meat. 
The service is wonderful and they try hard to accommodate  requests. (We asked for warm bubble tea, as it was cold out. They heated up the bubble tea despite their confusion since no one had asked for it like that before.) Su Xing is also very comfortable inside with booths and tables and lots of space. 
:)I'm not a vegetarian but their General Tso's Tofu is more delicious than the chicken variety at other places.  No matter what your dietary default is I bet you'll like this place.Excellent vegetarian Chinese food. And it's not often you get to say "vegetarian Chinese food". The menu is varied, although unlike a similar place in Hong Kong it doesn't have quite as many sea vegetables, other than a few different seaweeds. It does have a lot of different mushrooms, and they are all delicious. I had the #22, Dried Bean Curd w. Spiral Seaweed, my Wife had  the #10 As You Wish, Bean curd skin filled golden mushroom, black mushroom, dried bean curd and Chinese celery served w. water chestnut and asparagus. Both were great, although in this case I think my Wife won. The restaurant itself is very nice and surprisingly low key and upscale looking. A great, inexpensive find.The food here is just delicious! It is an authentic Chinese restaurant, AND it's vegetarian! Which is a very surprising and pleasant deal. I eat here every time I'm in Philly. Love this restaurant!Suitable for carnivores, even though there is no meat.  Tastes delicious.  Great bang for the buck.As a vegetarian, I wish every restaurant I go to could be like this! So many delicious options for me, and even my boyfriend (who eats meat) thought it was good. The decor is very nice, and we were quickly seated without a reservation. Our waiter was helpful in suggesting popular dishes from the rather long menu. 
We ended up ordering the moo shoo vegetables and tofu, which was good, and the sesame tofu, which came with broccoli and was amazing!! My boyfriend said it was the best tofu he had ever had, and I would have to agree. I will definitely be coming back here, can't wait to continue exploring the menu!!We're so delightful that we chose this place for our dinner while in Philly. After a long walk from the Philladephia Museum of arts, we were starving and wanted to have dinner around the 17th street and Chestnut (we stayed at the Club quarter). The restautant didn't look that attractive from outside. We were welcomed by a middle-aged woman, looking so much as someone with an authority aka the owner, and were seated. There were two other couples having their dinner. 
Thanks to other yelpers, we didn't have to spend too much time on deciding on the menu. For appetizers, we had the potato croquette and scallion pancake. The scallion pancake tasted so good, while the croquette was just okay. Hubby and I shared the sesame tofu that came with a choice of rice. This sesame tofu was just too good! We loved it. Our friend had her noodle and she liked it so much. If only we got to spend more time in Philly, I know I would come to have another dinner at this place. People in Philly, you are so lucky to have a very decent vegetarian restaurant in town. I envy you!Great atmosphere, and good prices for this part of the city. I've only tried the bubble tea but it was good and the bubble:tea ratio was very fair. 
There is ample seating; the interior is a lot bigger than you initially think it will be by looking at the outside.The food is great. Tea tastes fresh. Service is very fast. Place is beautiful inside; not so nice looking outside.This is absolutely an amazing restaurant that any vegan or vegetarian should go to. It is worth driving from out of town to eat here. the service is fantastic. I didn't even have time eto ask for water and tea refills before it was filled to the top with delicious oolong tea. The staff are extremely curtious and are very kind. They are knowledgeable and can help you choose a great dish, which wouldn't be a problem, as everything is good at this restaurant. As a vegan, it is nice to be able to go to a restaurant that truly dedicated itself to vegan/vegetarian food. I don't have to worry about accidentally getting fish in my spring rolls like most other Asian restaurants. The food here is spectacular. It is truly the.most realistic fake meat I've had in my life and i didn't want to stop eating. There are variety of dishes for all people including non vegetarians and the food is just really amazing. Lastly, I love the cleanliness of the place. Everything is very clean and the staff are very curtious when anything needs to be cleaned. also the place is very atmosphereic and it is truly a restaurant I will never forget. I highly recommend this restaurant.I always forget how absolutely delightful this place is. Their lunch special is killer: you have a broad selection of different main dishes, accompanied by a soup, white or brown rice, and a side. Their tofu skin and wheat gluten preparations are both traditional and scrumptious.
I've steered clear of some of the more boring Chinese-American hybrid stuff (e.g., sesame tofu), so I can't speak to how good that is. But the friendly staff are delivering authentic, well prepared Chinese vegetarian cuisine for a great price.Delicious food! And I have meat with every meal. Tastes like authentic Chinese cooking that my mom makes. 
No wait, and really fast food service. Tea was awesome as well.I debated between 2 and 3...2.5 would be appropriate
The decor is ok...but they face a parking lot...so guess what u see out the windows...cars and blue neon signs!
The spring rolls and sea weed pancakes were good...although the pancakes were dripping oil by gallons,,
The triple shredded in garlic was ok...but after a while I couldn't take the soy flavor anymore...the genereal tso's vege...well, we barely touched it..and didn't bother to get a box...go figure
Everyone else seems to love this place..may be you will...and may be if u r a vegetarian..this is IT....but if u like ur meat..get real...u can do better than Su Xing...MUCH better!Surprisingly haven't written a review for this restaurant though I've been here before.  Maybe it's a good thing, since I was not impressed before, but now, I'm pretty content.  This is standard Chinese vegetarian food with a menu overflowing with mock meats, but if you dig deep, you can find some more traditional Chinese food.  That's the stuff I look for at a Chinese restaurant, vegetarian or not.  Mock meats are fine, but, do you ever really know what's in them?  At least if you order tofu, you know it's just soy with some solidifying chemicals... I digress.
Great choices on the menu are traditional seaweed and cucumber salads - I tend to order these just about everywhere and anywhere.  To me, it's like having a bread basket with olive oil at a nice Italian restaurant.  Anyhow, there are also fried things like spring rolls and scallion pancakes.  The appetizer portions are quite generous.
All the mock meat dishes that people ordered looked great - plentiful, delicious, sizzling, piping hot and full of lots of goodies.  However, I am not the biggest fan of them.  The noodles are good here, whether you are eating wheat or rice noodles.  They have pan fried and noodle soup.  Fried rice if you're so inclined.  Lunch specials abound during the week.
In my experience, vegetarian Chinese restaurants tend to cater to a more vegetarian palate rather than a more Chinese palate.  So, I was glad that they had some traditional Chinese dishes like glutinous rice, turnip, tofu skin, bamboo shoots, pea shoots, black mushrooms (i.e. dried and reconstituted for depth of flavor and texture), Chinese broccoli/ kale, lotus root and glass noodles.  OH, and bubble tea???  Those options makes this place top notch in my opinion.  In addition, nothing was too salty by my standards, which can be a downfall of many a Chinese eatery.
The lack of 5 stars is because of the lack of Chinese greens - they only had 2 fresh Chinese greens, one of which I hate (water spinach)... restaurants stock what will sell, so, yeah.  They also had American/ western desserts that were vegetarian, but not vegan... bummer. The concept of gluten-free also seems somewhat challenging here...also, no tea on the table or "free rice," as in traditional Chinese restaurants... but, they had deep fried Chinese rice cakes for a dessert, YES!!!!!!!!!!  The hot tea was also fabulous.
I will be back... because there are many more dishes I wish to try... no mock meats for me, though, sorry.  Keeping it to ingredients that I can identify by sight.  Yum!I fell in love with this place when I worked down the street and could spend a relaxing, hour long lunch break with my $6 lunch special.  Seriously, my dessert island, all time favorite meal might just be hot and sour soup, a veggie spring roll, and general tso's tofu.  
On top of the excellent food and prices, the place is a legitimately nice restaurant.  The decor, staff, and atmosphere are all great.  It's probably best that I don't work nearby anymore, because I might ruin it for myself.  It's such a delightful treat whenever I'm in Rittenhouse.My friend and I were a little cautious to walk in because the restaurant was EMPTY, however, we decided to give it a shot anyway because my vegetarian friend wanted Chinese food.  
We were so pleasantly surprised by our experience here.  The service was actually pretty fast and friendly, and the food was surprisingly delicious.  We ordered the sesame seitan as well as a sticky rice wrap.  Both were a tad bit oilier than I would have liked, but they were both so flavorful, and I would definitely recommend them both.
Also, the sesame seitan was delicious as leftovers the next day!First time at Su Xing the other day after passing it time after time. Finally had a free day to park and stop in, and I must say, it was well worth the visit. 
I had the hot and sour soup which was bar none the best hot and sour soup I've ever had. Most h+s soups are over gelatinous, where as this dish was a perfect blend of consistency and brought each respective element of hot, sour, and sweet to the bowl. 
For my entree I had the Sesame Seitan, which I had chose on a recommendation from another user. I was pretty impressed with both the quality and quantity. A little on the crispy side but not too much where I couldn't cut or bite into. Served over a bed of steamed broccoli for a nice finishing touch. Definite recommendation.
My roommate had the Broccoli and Garlic sauce, which essentially is one enormous plate of broccoli. The sauce is, well, garlicky and has a bit of a spicy tang to it. Quite delicious, however I would recommend sharing with someone (it's a lot of broccoli!). 
I can't wait to go back. So excited there is an all vegetarian Chinese restaurant that exists. I love that I can go through the menu no problem and literally pick anything and have it be veggie friendly.I really like this place. The food was great, service was good and pretty quick. I have a lot of things I would still like to try-their menu is so extensive. Desert was great too.Love their lotus root soup.. unlimited tea! classy dining setup doesn't hurt either.Wow a full blown veggie Chinese restaurant? whowouldathunkit? Anyway, happy i tried it. Had the lunch special "sesame seitan". Now it's not the best thing since sliced bread (I'll reserve that for "vegetarian palate" in brooklyn, NY...wha?wha?) but it wasn't bad at all.
I liked the decor of the place. It's pretty much hidden being on samson but once you walk in you'll be surprised by the interior. 
Would recommend and like to go back to try other things on the menu.Everything I ate here was delicious, and I ordered quite a few things because there was so much that I wanted to try!
One of the best vegetarian restaurants I've eaten at, and I can't wait to go back. Our waiter was extremely friendly and made sure to answer all of our questions and recommend his favorites. 
Some of the typical Chinese dishes (with replacement fake meat) are offered, as well as some unique dishes that I hadn't seen before. There is definitely something for everyone here!Very skeptical on getting a vegetarian chinese food. First, I am a Chinese Food snob, I have very high standard. Second, I am a meat lover. Bottom line is, I had very low expectation coming here. I ordered the General Tso's Seitan and hot & sour soup. The seitan was surprisingly good. I can tell it's not chicken, but the texture isn't bad at all. The sauce was good too. The hot & sour soup was surprisingly spicy and sour at the same time, very flavorful. I will come back and try different dishes on the menu.I'm not a vegetarian but am still a lunch regular. The food is delicious and the value can't be beat. My favorites are the general tso's veg, the sesame seitan, and the kung pao dried tofu. The complimentary tea is also a plus!Recommended Chinese food for vegetarians...we had eggplant & tofu in garlic sauce and general tso's tofu..This was my first visit to this restaurant..now it's definitely on my favorite restaurant in philly list...it's worth giving a shot if you haven't already been here...Perfect inexpensive lunch place. I always get the lunch special with the miso soup, spring roll, and either the lo mein or the sesame seitan. 
This time I got the hot and sour soup and seitan. Lovely large meal for a really great price. They're a little heavy handed with the corn starch in both of these items, so it's a little goopy, but everything tastes amazing. Hot and sour soup is quite spicy. I'll stick to my miso soup from now on!I ordered an asparagus dish which was a complete ripoff. The asparagus were cut in half LENGTHWISE, in order to make it LOOK like there were a lot. ALso, the asparagus had no flavor, and neither did anything else on my plate. Overcooked and flavorless. The service was rude and inept. I don't know how this place stays in business. It is HORRIBLE.This place blew my mind. It is very clean with a great atmosphere. everything and everyone is veg, so the clients are cool and nice. The food was incedible. We ordered zuchini, three colored veg, veg lo mein, gen tso tofu, scallion pancakes - all amazing. I want to eat here all the time. What a find!Needed a place that could take 7 folks on a Saturday night. Chose it b/c of 4 stars and 1 $. Good for a group if you don't want to deal with a crowd and just get seated and served on late notice. Cheap.
The scallion pancakes were really good. There's a lot of seitan, tofu, or fake meat on the menu, which I wasn't really interested in, so I had chow mei fun - thin rice noodle with shredded veggies. It was good, not greasy or soysaucey but was SO much food.
We all ordered too much, we should have shared. At least 2 of us could have shared each huge plate, if not 3 of us. 
Was weird for serious meat-eaters.Friendly service, and tasty food.  The dining room is comfortable and unassuming.  Particularly noteworthy is that the flavors come naturally from the vegetables in the food, root vegetables, mushrooms, onions, etc.--not from the sweet sauces that are common in many restaurants.  The prices were very reasonable (around $13 per main dish, and less than $3 for a soup).  The restaurant is BYOB.  Kosher certified under the IKC.Lunch specials!!! I came here with a group of six colleagues and we left with a bill no larger than $60. We each ordered a dish off the lunch menu which comes with soup, your choice of a side dish (spring rolls, vegetables, seaweed salad, etc.), and white or brown rice. I ordered the sesame tofu (which includes broccoli) and it was awesome! They gave me far more sesame tofu than rice which I like because there's nothing worse than having a dish that's 90% rice. The tofu was cooked perfectly - slightly crunchy of the outside, but soft on the inside - and the sauce was delicious. The restaurant itself is very small and dark. It wasn't too busy when we went, but a lot of people were coming in and out to pick up orders. All in all good food, service, and experience. I'll be going back!Very very good vegetarian Chinese. A good substitute to Cherry St. (which has closed ). Su Xing is a small restaurant with limited seating but a pretty nice ambiance as well. I ordered the General Tso's and let me tell you if I didn't know it wasn't chicken I would not have known, it was prepared great, and very fresh broccoli. I will go back.I love and miss this restaurant so much. It's heaven for vegetarians. Also super good service and the ambiance is great!Best Chinese Vegetarian place I have ever been to!  I am a vegetarian and have been to many Chinese vegetarian restaurants in DC and none come even close to this one.  Whenever I am in Philly I go there to eat.  My favorites are the garlic eggplant and tofu and the sesame seitan.  I even took my meat lover father and cousins there and they loved it.  I wish they would expand and open up more restaurants.
As for the service, I've never had bad service they have always been nice and no issues. However it is just the standard they have never done anything amazing to stand out.Great place for veggie folks. 
Great place for takeout when you are not in mood to cook.
This is my new go to place.I've ordered from here enough times in the past few weeks to consider myself an expert in Su Xing cuisine. It's tough to find a better deal for the quality of food they offer. Their veggie lo-mein is a hit with me -- a huge portion that doesn't skimp on the veggies. Their General Tso's tofu is also delicious, and I don't even like tofu all that much. Last night I ordered the As-You-Wish, which, while stuffed with mushrooms, felt a bit chewy. Maybe that's how bean curd tastes in general - don't know, never tried before - but I have a feeling that the steam from the delivery container made this happen. Also ordered the cauliflower and potato curry, which was fan-freakin-tastic and steaming hot when delivered. As other reviewers have mentioned, their lunch deals are a steal.I got the sesame seitan lunch special to go.  The portions were huge (enough for 2 lunches), although I would've liked a bit more broccoli, and as other people have said, the seitan was a little too crispy.  But, overall, it was delicious (as were the braised mushrooms).  At $8.00 for an entree, soup and a side that will last you two meals, it can't be beat.this place does have fantastic lunch specials, i get the general tso's veg, miso soup, spring roll and a side of rice for under ten bucks.  the waitstaff is really friendly and they're wonderfully manical with the tea-filling (great jasmine tea too by the way), i never have an empty cup.  plus their veggies are always fresh and they give great portions.
one thing i do want to note, if you're getting takeout, you'll definitely have to wait at least twenty minutes (especially if you're getting mock), so be prepared to wait a bit...i'm always staring at that horse painting on the wall with the little lite-brite bulbs in it...semi-fascinating.Great food. Great service. Food made with serious effort and care. They know how to make tofu correctly. Their lunch special is too good to be true for the price, portion and location. I like the restaurants decor as well. I have tried many meatless dishes and they have cooking down pact. I have done business lunches here as well as brought friends and family.A solid vegetarian and Chinese restaurant in Philadelphia.  My girlfriend and I came here for lunch on one of the hottest days of the summer. I arrived first and was seated immediately while waiting for my girlfriend. The waitress quickly brought two glasses of water and tea. I suppose it was a floral tea (jasmine maybe), but it had an amazing scent as soon as she set it on the table. 
My girlfriend arrived a little later than expected, and it might have upset the server because it took 10 minutes after both of us were seated for the waitress to take our order.  Eventually, we selected and received the asparagus with wheat gluten in brown sauce and garlic eggplant with tofu.  First, we received a soup course. I had a lotus root and peanut soup, and my girlfriend had the hot and sour soup.  They were both very good, though I have never had lotus root before.  I wasn't sure if the broth was supposed to taste like white corn, or if they just used the broth from their corn soup.  
Otherwise, the food was spot on, and the garlic sauce and brown sauce were both delicate and complimented the dishes very well.  My eggplant was outstanding. It was melt-in-your-mouth in texture and flavor.  The tofu was excellent-- crispy on the outside and silky on the inside.  The wheat gluten in the brown sauce had an almost fish texture and flavor-- a pleasant surpise!  I had selected a "salad" as a side (lettuce, slices of tomato, and cucumber).  My girlfriend wisely selected seaweed.  It was cut into thick, narrow strips, and it was tossed in sesame oil.  Simple, delicious.   If there were any complaints about the meal, it would be the level of salt, but it's probably less than the typical Chinese restaurant.  
Bottom line: This is a very good Chinese restaurant in terms of the offerings, execution, and price.  I would give it five stars if the wait staff was more attentive, and the salad was a little more complex/well made.  I would go back on a slightly cooler day.There are veggie Chinese places that make up fake meat dishes out of tofu and protein; Yuck! Yawn! Then there is Su Xing. They have dozens of dishes without meat or fake meat. They have the best lunch specials in town: something like 8 bucks gets you soup, a springroll and a substantial main dish. the Schezwan tofu is amazing! The kale and dried bean curd as well. Take a friend and get a few dishes, you won't regret it. (p.s. the only bad dish I've had there has been seaweed. everything else: great)Apparently my previous visit was a fluke.  Went for lunch today, and the service was blazing fast this time. We were served everything back-to-back.  I tried the steak w/mushrooms and onions, and it was really tasty.   The gravy is so good, I sopped up my side of tofu with it.
Updating from 3 to 5 stars.Sesame tofu I had here recently was awesome!  I also tried one of their "milkshakes"...they taste more like blended ice milk, but I think they are vegan?  Anyway, the milkshake thing I got was so good, even the next day frozen.  The shakes come with cute extra wide straws and containers with figures on them.  I went with the coconut flavor; it's taste and texture were pretty much my perfect virgin piña colada.  Shakes come in the following flavors:  strawberry, mango, and coconut...I could have missed one?  They have great lunch specials, too.  Only vegan Chinese I'll eat.  
Super fast delivery+++The fragrant floral cup of tea served with the meal was a nice touch.  For a $6.95 lunch, you get a reasonable, light meal.  I ordered eggplant and tofu with garlic sauce.  I chose white rice, seaweed, and a miso soup.   The miso soup was okay.  The seaweed was better than I expected.  The eggplant and tofu tasted good, but had too much sauce on the plate.  The portion of rice was unexpectedly small.  With so much sauce, a little more white rice may have helped mop that up.   Overall, Su Xing House is fine for a quick, affordable, light, vegetarian lunch, but you might want to walk around the corner and look for an ice cream shop after you finish here.As a vegetarian, I wish every restaurant I go to could be like this! So many delicious options for me, and even my boyfriend (who eats meat) thought it was good. The decor is very nice, and we were quickly seated without a reservation. Our waiter was helpful in suggesting popular dishes from the rather long menu. 
We ended up ordering the moo shoo vegetables and tofu, which was good, and the sesame tofu, which came with broccoli and was amazing!! My boyfriend said it was the best tofu he had ever had, and I would have to agree. I will definitely be coming back here, can't wait to continue exploring the menu!!You step inside this gloomy interior with its outdated, but attractive furnishings and feel like you could be in Hong Kong circa 1960.  Now this is an interesting, even eccentric, restaurant.  Not everything was great, but it is hard not to like a place that offers hearty Chinese vegan dishes at low prices.  Some of the items are definitely out of the ordinary - it is not all steamed cauliflower and broccoli here.  I had a lotus root soup with steamed peanuts, and a deep fried, sweet sesame tofu dish with a side of firm, shredded seaweed (wakame, I think).  The service is not especially charming, but where else can you find a lunch like this for under $10?First off, it is awesome to go to a restaurant and be able to order anything you want!  Being a vegetarian can be limiting some places, but not here, which is awesome.  I went for the lunch deal, which was a lot of food for a good price.  Comes w/ a side, a salad, and the entree for cheap!  I got a green salad (bad move, iceberg and some tomato, don't make the same mistake), hot and sour soup (not that flavorful but ok), and delicious eggplant and tofu.  My friend got the eggroll as a side, which looked good, and General Tsao's tofu w/ broccoli, which was also yummy.  I was definitely into the fact that just b/c its vegetarian doesn't mean the menu is full of fake meat, b/c I am definitely NOT into soy duck or shrimp.  Don't get me wrong, this is available too, but not the only option.  Next time I will a) make sure to ask for the eggplant spicy (there's a pepper icon next to it, but had little spice to it) and b) maybe just order entrees and skip the weak soup and side.  Either way, I will definitely go back!This is a vegetarian restaurant.
I'm throwing that up there because it's important and I know not everyone will read full reviews and pick up on it...yes, I'm talking about myself of course.
I placed a delivery order from the Latham Hotel (0.2 mi away) at 9:43 on a Wednesday night based on the glowing reviews for this place. The lady on the phone had an accent that was very hard to understand but she was super nice. 20 minutes later, I received my food from a rain-drenched, and understandably unhappy, delivery guy. Despite what the lady on the phone told me, the delivery guy did NOT take credit cards. I lucked out though because I had enough cash on hand.
* House Special Mei Fun Soup ($7.50) - I ordered this because another reviewer had said that it tasted like pho and there's really nothing better than hot noodle soup on a cold rainy night, am I right? Unfortunately, besides the fact that this is noodle in hot broth, there is no similarity to pho in terms of ingredients or flavor. I thought it tasted extremely bland (like hot water with some oil floating on top) and had a hard time liking the slices of fake meat/spam-like things. In retrospect, now that I know it's a vegetarian restaurant, I guess it's not terrible, but I certainly would never order this again either.
* Deep Fried Chinese Rice Cake ($3.50) - I got this purely out of curiosity and was pleasantly surprised at how much it reminded me of rice cake that my mom would make for Chinese New Year. The only differences are that these were cut up, breaded, deep-fried, and then served with crushed peanut powder and sugar...all good things! They were more stale/chewy than crispy because I got them as delivery but I could imagine them being extra yum if served fresh. This is the only reason why I'm giving them 2 stars instead of 1.
* Milk Tea with Tapioca ($3.05) - Tasted like instant milk tea powder with refrigerated (i.e., cooked in the morning and now hard) tapioca pearls. This was another impulse order because I had never seen bubble tea available on a delivery menu before. It turned out to be almost the worst bubble tea I've ever had so, yes, I learned my lesson.I wonder if anyone on here remembers Harmony, before it became New Harmony a few years ago.  If you miss the old Harmony then you'll want to go to Su Xing.  If you don't, you'll still want to go to Su Xing because it's the best veggie Chinese food in Philly.  Or New York.  Or anywhere else for that matter.  I eat here all the time.
Some of my favorites are the triple shredded in garlic sauce, the steamed dumplings, the tofu skin with two kinds mushroom (this takes longer but is so yummy).  I also love the seaweed salad but it's not the Japanese style. 
The atmosphere is surprisingly upscale considering that the food is cheap and fast.  Which includes being clean.  No bugs, no old food on the floor, no filthy bathrooms.  Sad that I have to mention that but, well... 
Hint: get one of the booths upstairs by the window if you can.I love this place! I order from here all the time and they even deliver to me, a good 15 blocks East.. The fried mushroom strips are deeeelish. The sesame seitan is yummy as well. I think my fav is the tofu/vegetable soup. I don't know what's in that broth but it's quite addictive. One of my other fav things about this place is the lack of  "chicken this" and "beef that." I hate ordering something that is called chicken, gross, but seitan all the way. It's comforting to know that they are 100% vegetarian and I don't have to worry about some bird falling into my fried rice. Like most Chinese food, don't wait too long to re-heat things - you'll be sorry to have wasted such delectable foods!I've had their food three times now, and gotten the same dish each time. The first time, it was four star-worthy, perfection the second time (dine-in), but on the third try, I came away very disappointed. The sauce was more gelatinous than it was on previous occasions, and my girlfriend, who was previously very happy with their food, found hers only semi-edible. I will give them another chance, at some point, but for now, I'll give them three stars.Not bad - but not great either.  The best part?  The super cheap price for the generous lunch special.  Mine came with Mediocre Miso, a tasty entree (Tofu with Eggplant in garlic sauce) and brown rice.  For a side I chose green salad (bad idea, and I should have known better) which was iceberd with 2 tomato slices and 1 cucumber slice.  Lame-o!  Next time (if there is one) I'll try the mushrooms.
Service was fine - efficient and quick.  Water was refilled promptly without asking (score).
OK, Maybe this place is 4 star foor/service but the 2 star decor needs a refresher pronto!Heaps of delicious vegetarian food at completely reasonable prices.  Meat-eaters will not feel like they're missing anything.  
Faves:
Scallion pancakes
General Tsos Tofu
Tofu with EggplantDelicious!  The lunch specials are great for the money, and the portions are huge.  The employees are friendly and the food is always delicious, not to mention a great value.  You really can't go wrong with anything on the menu.  Be brave and experiment with something new because you are sure to be rewarded.I'm not a vegetarian and this place was fantastic!!!! Tried something new I wouldn't normally eat (vegetable heaven) and loved it. Also, the scallion pancakes are a great choice for an appetizer... 3 bucks and pretty filling! Will definitely be back and definitely recommend (plus its BYOB)Also got the seitan general tso- 5 stars. Loved it. Got it delivered the second time, was so quick and very pleasant delivery man who even brought up my packages that my front desk concierge had waiting for me!Good food with quick service.
Must Haves:
-General Tso's
Pros:
-Lots of seating
-Big Portions
Cons:
-Too much corn starch in their sauces.
Quick Tips:
-Great place to come and meet up with friends
Their food is pretty good.  However, it does fall into the Chinese American category, rather than Chinese.  They use a bit too much corn starch for my liking, but the taste is solid.  I definitely frequent this place when I am hankering for some good Chinese American food.
I love walking here for some good Chinese food that is pretty healthy.Service was amazing and the food overall was tasty and decent. Pancake scallions, veg prawn with walnuts and general tso's veg were all just a little too over done/fried to the point of being chewy. Maybe I didn't try the right menu items to really enjoy it properly.We got take-out from Su Xing for Chinese New Year's and it was awesome.  I was looking for a place with a large selection of noodles and Su Xing had everything -- Singapore-style Chow Mein, Chow Fun, and panfried egg noodles (and a bunch of other stuff).  We also took a chance on their "Golden Feather Knishes."  I love taro, but I'm not a huge fan of sweet-and-sour and I wasn't quite sure what a 'feather knish' was.  So what's a feather knish?  Delicious.  We ate our noodles and veggies and then finished off with the knishes.  They were almost dessert-like.  We're definitely going back to this place again.
Update:
We actually didn't go back to Su Xing for a while... We discovered Square and Square and that became our go-to Chinese place (points for being a few blocks closer to home).  But... lately we've gone to Su Xing for all of our take-out Chinese needs, branching out from the noodles-only menu from New Year, and we have not been disappointed.  The texture on the black bean tofu is nothing short of amazing.  I realize this probably involves lots of frying, but I have to say.. frying + tofu = freakin' miraculous.  I'm definitely looking forward to trying more of the stuff on their menu, but I also have to say this: it's going to be hard to branch out to any other veggie dishes beyond the basil eggplant.  When I opened up the little plastic take-out container the smell of basil sauce was overwhelming -- in a good way.  I can't even describe it.  If you order it and hate it, it's only $9.. and let me know.  I'm happy to take it off your hands.