Super cool vibe. Went on Cinco de Mayo and got a margarita tower and there was no alcohol in the margs at all. The waitress was great and the food was good, otherwise! Would recommend food but not the marg tower.Came here after visiting Tinsel (they're right next door). Got the nachos with chicken on top and it was soooo good. Maybe it was my drunkenness?? Lol because I basically ate the whole thing. Next time I'll ask for less chicken and more of the other fun toppings. My friend and I definitely want to come for brunch and check out some more items.No more margarita towers!! So annoyed! Literally the only reason I went. The food os average. Your typical tacos and nachos ‍. Definitely won't be back until the tower returns!I have been seeing so many people post about this place and their margarita towers was a huge reason why I wanted to come here. My bf and I came here with a couple friends bc of the margaritas towers and were so excited until we were told they no longer serve margarita towers. So we decided to get one round of drink and an app. We all got the pineapple coconut margarita and the queso fundido. The margarita was really good as well as the queso but we were all bummed out they no longer have the tower margaritas!Why do the nachos cost $15 and then you have to pay another $5 for chicken/pork/etc.? Literally tasted like tostitos. Waitress stared at us the entire time from afar which was off putting, and the food runner that kept coming over to us was strange. Just felt like an overall weird vibe. 
Drinks were watered down, we didn't get the "free" dessert for some reason, and the food was way way way overpriced for what it was. Would not recommend.Honestly not worth it. Food and drinks are average but the worst part is the service/check situation. I called them earlier to make sure they did happy hour and they said yes but didn't mention to me that it was at the bar only (had I known I wouldn't have even gone). We still sat down and ordered and when the bill came we split it between two cards. When we got our checks we saw that she put the entire charge on one card and then half the charge on another card??? When we talked to the server she told us it was some prior authorization but she actually just charged us wrong. Then we spoke to the manager Megan who re charged us the correct amount and said to keep an eye on our credit card statements and if anything was wrong to call her. The week after we both checked our cards and were double charged. When we tried calling the number she gave us it didn't work. So basically not worth the effort.We had such a good time here! We came after Nightmare before Tinsel and our server, David, was awesome! My partner and I got engaged earlier that day and he made us feel so special. The shrimp tacos were yummy also.I haven't seen someone so rude as a server. We had to ask sides to our meals about three different times in order to get them. She didn't even want to come back to our table to serve us, sent a male bartender to ask us what if there were any problems and he could get us anything. The kitchen closed and we wanted desert and she didn't even tell us it was closing and just brought out the check to us, without asking if we needed anything else or even if our food was good. We wish gratuity wasn't included because she did not deserve that high of a tip. This is coming from servers ourselves. If you go here do not get Jennifer as a server. The food on the other hand was very good.Food was mediocre and menu is entirely unclear. Got nachos and guacamole and it was $60! Waitress didn't even tell us the margarita house tequila was espolon.... expensive bill without even being asked if we wanted it. Pissed off out to dinner and ruined our date. Never coming back. Dodge this place if you can. The food is equivalent to chipotle for 3x the price. Save yourself the paycheck and go somewhere where you don't sit on a bench and get rushed out of your table. Extremely unhappy.Omg... what can I SAY?! This is the best dining experience I've had the whole quarantine. Ethan, the GOAT server was so fast and efficient. The FOOD? DAWG. Top tier. I had the nachos and steak tacos and my fiancé had the shrimp tacos. I can ensure you this place is great! We literally booked another reservation while dining. 10/10, we can't wait to go back!Vampires kiss cocktail is soooo good.  Staff is amazing  (Antoinette our server we love you) and outdoor seating is safe with heaters!!!  Great new tequila bar / restaurant that I love supporting during these crazy times.My husband and I went here for dinner on Saturday night.  Obviously, it is going to be busy which we expected. We had 730 reservations and we got there about 20 minute early.  We checked in, fully expecting to have to wait for our table, which we did.  Not a problem.  But they seemingly forgot about us.  Finally, after several other 730 reservations came in and were seated immediately,  at 740 we reminded them that we were there and they sat us right away.  
Our waitress was really bad.  She pretty much ignored us the whole time.  She got our drink order and we waited and waited and waited. And she finally came back to take our drink order again which we reminded her that we already ordered our drinks.  We also orders chips and guacamole.  We ate all the chips and guacamole because we were hungry and our waitress was nowhere to be founds. Finally she came back and said oh your orders will be right up when we hadn't even ordered our dinner yet. So we ordered our dinner.  We also ordered another round of drinks which didn't come until halfway into us eating our dinner.  
The food was actually really good.  I had the chicken tacos and my husband had the fish tacos. The service was terrible.  The hostess was all over the place and seemed very disorganized.  Our waitress was absent pretty much the whole time and didn't seem to know or remember what she was doing.  It was very frustrating.  We even decided against another round of drinks and dessert because the service was just terrible.  
It was a cute place, but the music was super loud. Thumping loud.  I enjoyed the music, but thought it could've been toned down a bit.  
Overall, good food, terrible service, ok ambiance.This place has a pretty nice ambiance. I ordered the chicken nachos and the Otoño cocktail. Let me begin with the nachos...wack. Most the cheese wasn't melted. A total of 3 black beans came with the nachos. The cocktail...watered down. All of the flavor was in on the rim of the glass. I'm pretty sure I was drinking Jose Cuervo Margarita Mix. Now for the service...slow. I would like to mention the ambiance is nice.Honestly the server was the only pleasant thing about this experience, she was a sweetheart and very patient with us. And I'm the type of person that's not cheap, doesn't mind spending money going out, but everything was ridiculously over priced, and the food was awful. Steak in the tacos were fatty and they weren't even in a proper taco shell. They were in a whole wheat pita. The chips in the nachos tasted store bought and the chicken was lackluster. I understand we're in difficult times right now, but I've continued to go out during corona, but this was just awful.Nicolette was our server and she was so nice. She made sure that we felt comfortable and was very attentive.  Food was mad good!This place is very cool and the food is great! It is definitely a hidden gem in Philadelphia. The tacos are amazing and the margaritas are awesome!Worst service ever.  Was sat 45 minutes after reservation time.  We did not receive service after 45 mins after we sat.  We left and will never be backI will be honest, I love tacos and Mexican food. This place is horrible and the service is trash. I was excited to go but honestly if you care about service DO NOT GO HERE. 1. Gratuity is included in your bill already 18% which is not a problem if the service was actually great but it was horrible. Our waitress never came to take our order for about 30 minutes, never checked up. We had to even ask someone else for our bill. The guy that brought us our food spilled the drinks. Honestly the drinks are watered down and all ice. The liquor tower was ranging 65-110 and child it was all ice and juice I was pissed. Listen to me, I never write reviews but to my fellow people save your money and go to el vez, this place is trash.Went here during the October nightmare in Tinsel. The cocktails were ok, and the waitress was nice and attentive. The food is overpriced and bland, definitely wasn't worth what they were asking for.Service was good, busy Saturday! Fair price for a center city restaurant in my opinion.Sueno started off excellent. I've been about 8 times. Over time it just stopped hitting. The shrimp tacos are excellent and so is the blueberry marg. However service can be so so, the loss of the marg tower really sucked.If you're going to Sueno for the tower margarita, then DON'T! I can't believe we spent $90+ for juice. There was literally no alcohol in it. I left feeling more sober than I came in. The restaurant uses shady practices by not posting any prices, so you literally don't know the cost of anything until you get the bill. The food was actually good, but it still isn't good enough to pay $90+ for a freaking tower of juice. I don't see this place staying around long because word of mouth will shut them down!!I found this place on TikTok and I thought it looked cool with the big tower drink, but I was EXTREMELY disappointed. There was little to no alcohol whatsoever in that expensive tower drink. It's one thing to try to save money for your restaurant, but to jerk ppl by adding AN EXCESSIVE AMOUNT of  lime jus to these drinks to make us think it's ALCOHOL is a scumbag move. I left feeling like I got jerked and that's not cool. Food was also mediocreI wanted to like this place so bad because I love tacos! But this place really did not hit the mark. The food took forever to come out, our server was MIA pretty much the entire night, the drinks that we ordered which ranged from $13-$15 literally were watered down to the max to the point where you didnt even feel a buzz at all. I felt like I was at some cheap college bar getting a well drink. The food was just super boring. My friends ordered the empanadas which they said it was pretty good. I ordered the cauliflower tacos and the flavors if they tried to put together honestly was like they were just doing too much!  I've never heard of buffalo cauliflower with refried beans it just doesn't sound good and it didn't taste good either. The guacamole was horrible. I mean I don't know what happened back there in the kitchen I'm not trying to be mean right now but they really need to update her guacamole skills. You can't be a Mexican restaurant and suck at guacamole- it's a staple. But what I will say is the ambience in the restaurant is really nice. I'll give them props for that. Wish I had a better experience. IDK  maybe it was just because it was their opening weekend and that's the reason why everything wasn't as great as it could be but I'm hoping that with the feedback maybe they'll revitalize their menu and make some changes.food is amazing. my favorite margarita: pineapple coconut, but try the flight. Amal makes the best margaritas and made sure to check on us during a super busy time! the taco salad is delicious and filling. good music and nice locationJust stopped in for a marg to go. Granted we did upgrade to casamigos but 44 dollars for 2 margaritas was ridiculous. Above all I had a 2 fruit flys in the overpriced sour mix heavy drink. Won't be returning.Nicolette is awesome. Drinks are excellent! We enjoyed the outdoor dining option with heated lamps.Went in excited about their margarita tower but left disappointed. My friend and I ordered the strawberry flavor for 2 people we got about 7/8 glasses per person which is good, however, we could not taste the alcohol. It tasted like pure sugar and couldn't finish the tower. We felt somewhat sick and tired because of the amount of sugar we consumed.
Food wise was alright. We had the chicken and beef empanadas (we preferred the beef) beef tacos and the street corn. Decent flavor and price -- I didn't find it as anything especially. 
Overall it was ok -- would probably only go back for the beef empanadas.LOVE THIS BAR! Ethan and David are amazing servers!!! Loved the lemon drops and steak tacos highly recommend. The heated picnic tables are a god send and so is the service. XoxoDue to the MOUSE we saw I wish I was able to give no stars!. Went here for date night. I was excited to finally try this place! The restaurant is cute with a nice ambiance. We sat on the second floor overlooking the restaurant. I ordered a mango margarita that was really sweet and couldn't taste any alcohol. I didn't complain. We put our food orders in. While waiting we were having a conversation when I saw something move out of the corner of my eye. I thought, no I'm imagining things. Went back to talking to see a MOUSE running around! YES A MOUSE!! I'm deathly afraid of mice! I get enough courage up to hop up and run down the steps to tell the hostess and she was not the least bit surprised!!! She told her manager and then said we were good to go! Then our server comes and I say you can cancel my order. She says you still have to pay for your marg! I'm like no! Then the server told her the manager said we were okay to leave!!!
Imagine how the kitchen is if mice are freely running around and OBVIOUSLY, the staff knows!Food is awesome, Nicholette was a awesome waitress !!
Fajitas& guacamole is theee besttttWe were seated outside..drinks were great as was the Elote and the tacos,  however the guacamole was kinda bland. Server was very nice! Love the decor inside when I sneaked a peakWe've had Antoinette as our server here twice and she's so friendly and attentive. Quick friendly service, great food, fun drinks and amazing spooky atmosphere. Highly recommend!Highly unsatisfied with this establishment. Went for drinks and a shareable app Saturday night with a reservation and requested outdoor seating on opentable but was seated indoors (NBD). Excited to try some fall drinks at a new restaurant and got misrepresented watered-down drinks. The vampire's kiss tasted like a watered-down margarita with Tajin chile lime seasoning on the rim, same thing for the Otoño drink except with a honey/cinnamon rim which isn't indicated as so on the menu. Ordered chicken nachos which we waited 25min for only to see the food runner place it on another table mistakenly, the highlight for the nachos was the shredded chicken and the rest was mediocre. Definitely better options in the area, was really unimpressed by this one.My husband and I came here tonight for Cinco de Mayo.  As soon as we were seated our waitress came over and told us she'd be back with some water before we placed our orders. At least 20 minutes passed by when she finally came back she asked us if we knew what we wanted WITH NO WATER IN HAND. we ended up just ordering a strawberry mint margarita tower and steak nachos which came out at a decent time. Both were great! But, when it came down to the service it was ridiculous. I understand it was busy but keep in mind as soon as your seated you only get 90 min at the table before you have to leave. I swear we waited at least an hour from the time we were seated to when it was time too leave for someone to come by. I want to say we waited at least 30 minutes to close the bill before i ended up having too grab another waitress to see about her closing us up. I only rated this a 3 star because of the food and drinks!!! If you like good food and drinks I recommend but please be ready to wait a LONG time.The service is slooooow. However the food was amazing! Great quesadillas and street corner!Sueno! Wow! Great Mexican food and the drink are absolutely marvelous. Especially the tower Margarita. The tower is great for a small group. Our server Nicolette was the one of the best, great spirit and personality. Respectably nice crowd of people enjoying the food is a plus too.I was really excited to try this place. A friend and I went on a Saturday night and sat at the bar for a bite and a few drinks. The food and drinks were good. I got the passion fruit marg and a quesadilla. They were pretty understaffed which I completely understand but where we were sitting we were immersed in the staff drama and arguing. Nobody seemed to care that we could hear them arguing, complaining, and cursing. I was stunned. That behavior in front of customers I found to be unprofessional especially to not even acknowledge the awkward position we were put in being there.Yelp review 
The Christmas spirit is alive and well at sueño. Make sure to stop by and reserve an igloo (outdoor section). You will not regret stopping by. Make sure to ask for David the bartender he was incredible and brought the Christmas spirit alive. In fact, I made this account solely to review and shower this place and David with absolute  praise. And also ask for the Cas'amigo cookie and slice of apple pie (21+ *wink*). It was an experience close to what I envision the North Pole to provide.  Amazing. Magical. And the music was spot on. 
By golly, have a holly jolly Christmas at Sueño.
P.S. order the cheese thing (David will know)Had a reservation, sat there for 20 minutes and no one came by the table. Figured the rest of the meal would have just as bad service, so we left. Menu looked super overpriced.Great place, great service, especially the bartender Amal, definitely come and see her!!The atmosphere is great, music, decor! The music was the right volume so you can talk. Our Server Nicollett was very hospitable and fun! The margarita tower was good, I'll be back for more drinks!We had a great experience at Sueno for our friends Birthday. David was our waiter and angel sent from the heavens above. He was charming, sassy and hilarious. We miss him already  The food was delicious and the drinks hit the spot. We had so much fun - even during a pandemic! The staff wore their masks correctly the entire time. We can't wait to come back! Love you, David! Thanks for the sippy cup! From your jersey mamasWe saw a photo of the margarita tower and there was doubt that Sueno was a perfect place to visit for Cinco de Mayo.  We had a reservation for a high top table; it was perfect for two people but crowded for four. Nonetheless we enjoyed the beef and chicken empanadas which I will return to order. We weren't sold on the margarita flights but the margarita tower was enough for four people to have two drinks and that was fine. We also loved the fact that they have takeout cups. I understand that Covid-19 has put restraints on seating and the allotment of time but I really wish we were able to stay longer. Will definitely returnAntoinette was amazing. Her suggested drinks for our table was right what we needed after I lost my parley. Blood bucket is a must.Great service, Nicolette was super quick and responsive, also the food was great! Will definitely be back*MEDIOCRE*
*3.5/5*
If you want a casual place to grab tapas and drinks, this is a good place for that. This two story restaurant has more of a bar/club like vibe with the colored low lights and fairly loud music. Music was a bit too loud, it was hard to have a conversation. The menu is relatively small but still has a good amount of selection. Overall, it was a decent place for Mexican food, nothing special.
*DINNER*
Nachos - This is a great shareable. It was a huge portion and they did not dip out on the toppings. Overall, solid nachos
Steak Tacos - well cooked steak, not too chewy. I really like the avocado cream sauce on it.
Pulled Pork Tacos - pork was a bit dry but they give you a decent chunk of it. Personally not the biggest fan of the pineapple salsa. Love the corn tortilla 
*VERDICT*
Maybe if someone ask me to or I would go for drinks.Absolutely disgusting place. Horrible clientele and atmosphere. I have told every single person I know to avoid this place like the plague. Take your money elsewhere. BEWARE.Great vibes, food, and music. However, the margaritas were the BEST!! Our server Mariah was fantastic and would def come back again.Service was delicious our server was Nicolette and the food was fresh and amazing!!! Will definitely make this a regular spot!!!If you are a Mexican this spot might be for you. Soon as you walk in you can feel a nice vibe with their music. My friend and I had just came from a happy hour before and ate so we really just came to drink so we decided to try their margarita tower that a was around $60 for around 80 oz. it was pretty much about 4 drinks for each of of us. We decided to go with a strawberry flavor which turned out pretty good. Since you have to order a food item to dine we just got a order of street corn that was tasty. I definitely want to go back to try more food options like the tacos and or nachos etc.DO NOT ORDER THE MARGARITA TOWER. It had literally 0% alcohol. We all walked away without a buzz and a sugar headache. Unbelievably not worth the cost. There are much better Mexican restaurants nearby in Philly so this one should not make your listThis place is absolutely amazing. Where do I even start. We picked the place at random for dinner, not knowing anything about it. Best decision we could have made! The lighting and ambiance was on another level, the margaritas and food were absolutely fantastic, and don't even get me started on the service! I will say this - I've NEVER had such good service at a restaurant before. Our waitress/server, Imani, was an absolute delight! She was warm and genuine, kept checking up on us throughout the night, super chatty and friendly, and literally went out of her way to make our night better in every regard - food, drinks, company, you name it. The bartender and manager were super nice and friendly as well! It's definitely a place I will be going back to and it's worth every penny we spent!Wonderful food and great atmosphere! Nikki was our waitress and was so helpful, friendly, and made sure we got the best drinks & had a great time! We stumbled upon Sueno during our visit and will definitely be back! Perfect night out for great Mexican food in the city.Food was mediocre. Service was friendly. But atmosphere blah. They were out of most draft beers. Save your energy and money and go to Mission Taquería.I enjoyed the ambiance, decor, and service!
I ordered a margarita flight and a classic margarita. 
Thoughts on margarita flight - really love the idea of a margarita flight. You can choose 3 flavors on the menu. I liked the guava, classic, and blueberry basil. I chose to go with the house tequila bc why not, it's cheaper. They list up to 3 types of tequila (low to high) so definitely clarify which one you want to go with. I personally couldn't taste much of the tequila in my flights and when I ordered a classic margarita - it just tasted sugary and sour from the mix, slight bummer but oh well! I read previous reviews about their drinks being too sugary and barely any tequila. 
Chips and pico were good! For $9 they give you a good amount. Chips could've been more crispy - or maybe it's supposed to taste kinda stale? O.o I used to work at El Vez so maybe I'm used to that chip style and I go to Mission Taqueria a lot so hmm... idk 
The prices on the menu seemed a bit overpriced compared to similar restaurants in the city... they didn't have a happy hour menu but that's ok. The chicken quesadilla costs $18 I don't think it should've been $18 IMO and honestly, I think that's the most I've ever paid for a chicken quesadilla. I didn't feel entirely bad about it because it tasted good, was filled with cheese and veggies and the portion is big.Stopped by for a drink, the bartenders Z and Neisa were great. I had a fun time and the food was really good too. Get the street corn and crunchy tacos!My good friend took me to Sueno for a celebratory dinner. We ate outside and enjoyed the liveliness of Philadelphia even on a Sunday night. We started with the queso fundido. It was tasty, however the cheese was melted in a sizable lump and a bit hard to eat. For dinner, I ordered shrimp fajitas. They were actually really good. Huge shrimp with big flavor and heaping of peppers and onions. It was delicious. Our side of guacamole was good as well. I ordered a Dark and Stormy cocktail and it was delicious. Our server Ray was attentive and patient with us while we poured over the menu and even brought me a tequila shot for my birthday! What a treat! We had a good night eating flavorful food.This place is AWESOME!!  Came here for a drink and left a very happy customer. Amal our bartender was super fun and really made our night unforgettable. Would recommend this place for a casual dinner or even just for a few drinks. Ambiance is outta this world! 10/10Stumbled into Sueño and had Amal as a bartender. The atmosphere was amazing and the food and drinks were even better. 10/10 would recommend if you're ever in Center City.Nicolette is the bomb. Got us trashed and I don't know if you need to know more than that. Really cool that we get to keep our drink glasses.Went on a weekend trip just to relax and saw the drink menu and was hooked. They do authentic Mexican food with a twist. The Mole burrito and chicken nachos was delicious. And the drinks didn't disappoint. Nice vibe and great service.Came here for some Halloween fesitivities. 
Decorations were decent and the haunted house was okay as well. Didn't know what to expect but thought at the end of the haunted house that we'd be exit into the restaurant. Instead when done you exit into the alley. 
Staff communication sucks. Made reservations for 7:30 and was informed to wait in line for the haunted house which would only be 7-9mins. And we could go have dinner without any issues. When we made it into the restaurant the hostess told us we were late and we'd need to now wait. After explaining what staff informed us, she then said it would only be 5 mins.  We purchased tickets online and with the purchase we received complimentary drinks and dessert. The drinks was watered down, didn't taste a hint of alcohol and the dessert is a mini chocolate chip cookie with chocolate pudding on top. 
There were 4 of us so we ordered the taco meal. It looked great and we couldn't wait to dig in but all the meat on the tray was cool (not hot, not even warm).I came here with a few friends and the place was amazing! But not as amazing as Imani and Neisa, the waitress and bartender! The Latin music was incredible! There's lots of space on the second floor so me and my friends danced bachata and it was truly a night like no other! Amazing, incredible, and will definitely come back! Did I mention the drinks tasted amazing too? Wish could leave more than 5 stars!Sueno was an awesome stop on the way along our night out. Fair prices for food and drink and really tasty menu choices, the burrito was insane. Abby our server was attentive and super helpful and we all loved her!! Our group will be back!My cousins and I came for a girl's weekend. We had the pleasure of having Brooklyn as our host. She was the highlight of our stay. Her amazing warm and vivacious personality was a great way to start our trip. We all took advantage of their margarita flights and they did not disappoint. I ordered the nachos, they were delicious and full of flavor. I can't wait to go back and see Brooklyn again and enjoy another taco. If you're ever in the area please stop by.Great happy hour spot! Amal was our server/bartender and the service was impeccable. Caters to vegans/vegetarians as well.  Would definitely come again!My experience at this restaurant (during COVID) was nothing but phenomenal. Their outdoor atmosphere made me feel comfortable during these unprecedented times. Our server, Nicolette, was accommodating, attentive and friendly. She made sure we had everything we needed and brought everything in a timely manner. Their food was great and I left completely satisfied. 10/10 recommend. Definitely go here!Got sat Within minutes of getting there. Took 25 mins to get water. And then we put drinks in and never saw the waitress again.Everything I attempted to order I was told that they had to check to see if they could do it, or had it. Waitress was not attentive walked past several times and didn't even stop to take our order or bring water. Happy hour may be fine for a quick drink, but nothing more. The food was mediocre for a taco place. Honestly music and atmosphere is the only thing I liked.Zina and Neisa are the reason I became a regular. The bar service is amazing. The drinks and food are amazing only thing I wish they played more Latin music. Overall you should definitely stop by, great vibe and service!!No better bartender than Neisa! Came to Sueno on a whim after spending the day in Philly. Neisa made us feel welcomed and kept us laughing throughout the night. Highly recommend the drinks and food! Definitely will come back for years to come!Came here for my happy hour on my birthday and this place is soo cute! They were very accommodating and the atmosphere was good. They have a very good happy hour that ends at 7. The bartender was attentative despite the busy crowd. The quesadilla on the happy hour menu was my favorite. However the margarita was too sweet. Almost tasted no alchohol. Other than that, It's a great little spot and I'm glad I found it on tiktok!