My go-to place for sushi delivery in the city. Their happy lunch is good price for good portions and decent quality sushi. My favorites are eel, spicy salmon (with avocado), and shrimp tempura rolls. I've also had the chirashi bowl (good slices of fish that taste as fresh as you're gonna get in philadelphia) and the party platter (a bit pricier than I'd like but great variety and taste). Never eaten in though but with free delivery there's no difference than eating in. I like that they're fairly fast for delivery (within half hour) as well.i've had sushi from here twice, and i've not been impressed either time. i tend to get spicy tuna or salmon or some variation of those two fish in their raw state. the quality of the tuna and salmon here is awful. on my last visit, the texture of the fish was off, and it wasn't even chilled to an appropriate temperature. this definitely raised a red flag since i'm taking a risk any time i eat raw fish; lukewarm fish ain't going to cut it. i'm not in the mood to have my stomach real estate taken over by a fish parasite. furthermore, there's always an overwhelmingly fishy smell in that place, which isn't the norm at most other sushi restaurants in the city.The place itself is small and minimalist in decor. Our waitress was friendly, the service was fine, and the sushi was fresh and delicious. I forgot what i ordered, because this place was byob and we drank an entire bottle of 1800 between 3. Good place!I go here weekly, the sushi is awesome, and I want to eat there every day.
The staff is so friendly, they know us by name, they know our friends, and they give us great service.
Also it's BYOBExcellent quality fish and their lunch special is phenomenal.  So glad I live close by this place.  Plus the BYOB Sake is a bonus.  I will be a regular here for sure.Nice place to go. Ordered to go several times. Pretty good
Recommendation: Sushi & Sashimi Lunch. Eel rollI've dined in and ordered delivery and both experiences have been great. My go-to is the naruto roll, which always tastes fresh and has a perfect presentation. Their seaweed salad is delicious and it's a pretty big portion. Can't really beat their lunch specials. Wait staff and delivery staff are really pleasant and no matter how busy they are, your food always comes out/is delivered in a timely manner.I order delivery from here fairly often The staff is very friendly and obliging staff, I love their miso soup and shumai and my boyfriend loves their tuna roll.I wouldn't say the sushi is really that good quality but, it's amazing for the price. Definitely a huge step above grocery store sushi but, not on the same playing field as the really good upscale sushi restaurants in the area. I always get the vegetarian sushi here but, I have tried the Alaska roll and California roll and they were pretty good too. My friends and I all come here on breaks from class or order online and bring it back to our studio.I agree with some reviews that their sushi has maybe a bit too much rice and not the neatest rolls you will find in philly. It is still a great place with very reasonable prices, and its BYOB!
Their special rolls are really good and the shrimp tempura is the best!Very good sushi for Philly. Fish is fresh and the rolls are a nice size. They have traditional rolls and sashimi, and also some more creative, tasty rolls. I don't think they have a kitchen, so chicken-teriyaki people, keep that in mind! 
BYOB is great, fast delivery is even better. Only negative is the restaurant is pretty small, and also, you leave smelling like the restaurant, but sometimes that's not a deal-breaker!My favorite sushi restaurant downtown Philly.
I've been in this sweet sushi spot three times: two dinners and one lunch.
The fish quality was really good. Try the white tuna nigiri (rice and sliced fish on top), that's my favorite. My colleague is a picky eater but he had to admit the white tuna was great. They served delicious rolls, my favorite was the Sumo Roll (don't miss it :). 
For lunch, you can get Sushi Lunch (6 pcs nigiri and California roll) or three maki rolls (both go with miso soup).
I added couples of photos for you guys. Please let me know if my review helps. Cheers!This place is GREAT. They quickly accommodated a group of 12 of us and the service was perfect. Everything the group ordered was great and fresh. We were there for a birthday and were also given free desert for the table! Also the saki bombs were awesome! We felt so comfortable here. Would definitely return!I really like their sushi. For the lunch time, they have happy hours special. It is really cheap for the happy hours and the sushi size is big enough. It is also a quiet place you can actually sit down and talk.This is my go to delivery sushi spot and always will be! Super affordable, fast delivery and delicious.
Last night I ordered an alaska roll, octopus sushi (comes with three pieces!) a miso soup and a side of spicy mayo. All that only came out to $12 including tax and tip. 
The fish always tastes fresh, never mushy, the rolls are totally loaded with fish and the octopus sushi pieces are huge.
The miso soup is one of the better in the city, it is always loaded with seaweed and tofu chunks and is full of flavor.
I have tried their special rolls like the mango tango and the red dragon...but here you don't really need to splurge on special rolls because their basic house rolls are already so good!
I had no idea this place is BYO and have never dined in but I definitely will be after reading some of these reviews!I am all for cheap take out / delivery sushi but this place was gross. We got the sashimi lunch and the 3 roll special. All of the fish had a strange taste to them and were obviously not good quality. Even the Soy sauce had a strange taste and smell. Go somewhere else for your sushi needs. If you are looking for cheap delivery, go to iSushi and get the 3 roll special for $14 and you wont be disappointed. I will not be ordering from here again.The perfect quick and good quality sushi place. I've ordered from here probably upwards of 10 times at this point and I've never been disappointed. And it's so easy to order using yelp!! Free delivery too!Maybe it was what we ordered but the sushi was only ok.  It was convenient to the theater and the staff was very nice but I was not thrilled with the food - sorry.I really did not enjoy sumo sushi. My husband and I decided to give this new sushi place a try since we are sushi lovers. We are by no means sushi experts, but this place did not fit the bill nor did it meet the expectation that the city paper reviewed it as.
We ordered spicy tuna, spicy salmon, miso soup, salad, green jade roll, and yellowtail crunch roll. first of all, the rice was overcooked and mushy. the presentation is sloppy. the "crunch" aspect of each roll that had it was soggy as well.  the soup tasted like metal. the salad was good, but how can you do salad wrong?
the restaurant itself is very small and has minimal seating. we ordered to go, so we cannot speak for the service.  i must say though that what i did see of the decor was minimal, and there was a big chinese cat on the counter of the bar, which i could go on about for days. why is there a chinese cat when it is a japanese restaurant??? 
i don't see myself going back here anytime soon. edible but definitely not enjoyable. don't say that you haven't been warned!Got delivery tonight and everything was excellent. We ordered the Ocean, Crystal and Fantasy rolls and loved all of them. Each contained good and fresh and cuts of tuna, scallops avocado and shrimp. The rolls were well constructed and simply looked great. Sushi and sashimi are two pieces per order at Sumo, we got yellowtail and eel and both were sizable portions. 
We also got shumai which were great, even the side salad was crisp and fresh.
We had heard some mediocre reviews so had stayed away but decided tonight was the night to give them a day in court... verdict: delicious.Love this place! Every thing is so fresh and never had anything that was bad. Besides Aki, this is the only place I will order sushi from. YumI had much higher expectations based on other Yelp reviews but this was, at best, just ok. Rolls were mushy and flavorless. Gyoza was only half filled and very greasy. 
I ordered delivery and it took almost an hour and a half. The sushi was warm and the Gyoza was cold. I have yet to find a good sushi place around here and this is certainly not it.Ordered delivery through Eat24 and arrived within the 45-60 minute range as noted by the site. The eel avocado roll, sumo special roll and the tuna lovers special were all delicious! The meal came with one miso soup. I would definitely order here for sushi again.The sushi here is great. The fish always tastes fresh and the lunch special is wonderful. 
Only giving them 4 stars because the waitresses are ALWAYS in a bad mood when I dine in.I completely forgot about this disaster until a buddy of mine mentioned a food poisoning a couple of days ago, which makes me think nothing changed.
If you know what is good for you, you will avoid this place like a plague ( unless they change owners, chefs and buyers ).  We went there maybe a month after it opened:
1. Miso soup stank of iodine. 
2. Fish in nigiri and sashimi was lukewarm. That's right. Lukewarm.We ordered take-out from here on the way home from the gym. Note to self: Don't ever order food when ravenous post-workout. Seriously, I'm almost embarrassed to reveal how much we ordered. Almost. 
Sumo is an apt name because the portions are large. $2 for a run-of-the-mill miso soup, $3 for a garden salad with peanut-y/ginger-y dressing. I use the term "salad" lightly, as it consisted of 3 cucumbers and 3 onions sitting atop a bed of iceberg lettuce . . . but the dressing was good. 
When it comes to sushi, my motto is less is more. I don't need all the bells and whistles of a dragon-spider-rainbow roll. Give me some quality yellowtail and I'm a happy camper. But like I said, we were RAV, so we got a sweet potato roll, a Volcano roll, a Sakura roll (soft shell crab, cucumber, tuna, avocado), and a Sunshine roll (spicy yellowtail, shrimp, mint, avocado, seaweed). 
The quality of the fish was good, but the rolls were wilted - overburdened by special sauce, tempura crunchies, and too many competing flavors. Now, I know that sushi delivery usually comes with an element of sloppiness, but we ordered take-out, and it only took 10 minutes to get the rolls from restaurant to doorstep. Maybe I'm just not used to special rolls, but to me, sushi should be sharp.
The sweet potato and the Sakura rolls were delish. I really liked the soft shell crab. I was not a fan of the Volcano roll...there was just way too much going on. 
All that being said, I would *totally* come here for their lunch special if I worked close by. $10.95 for miso soup and your choice of 3 rolls (18 classics to choose from), and these are the kinds of rolls that Sumo appears to execute well.  Like I said, I have no problem with the quality of their fish, so this seems like a great deal!Great place for decent, inexpensive sushi. If you eat a lot, as is my case, the party platter for four ($35) is good for two people and the platter for six ($55) is good for four. Good value for what you get. The fish was fresh and the rice had the right amount of vinegar. They serve beer and sake here, but I think they allow BYOB, too.I'm a super fan of sumo sushi. It has become a part of my weekly lineup of lunches. I get it on Monday afternoons when I know I'm going straight from work to Zumba and need a boost of energy and omega 3s on the cheap and easy. 
The Happy Lunch special is the best. Three rolls and Miso for 11 bucks. They have no delivery charge, so even with a tip for the delivery guy it's 13 bucks for 24 pieces of maki and soup. 
I change it up once in a while, but usually I get alaskan, yellowtail, and eel. It is super fresh and probably the best takeout/delivery sushi I have had. And they are so fast to get here. 
Today I ordered at 11:43 and it was here by 12:02. Love the promptness. 
I highly recommend this lovely little situation.Our go-to delivery sushi places everything we've gotten has been good but we always order the Crystal Roll, which has tuna, avocado and spicy scallops. Only downside is delivery time is unpredictable. Sometimes it's taken 20 min, sometimes it's taken an hour.As a sushi fanatic, I was excited for a new place that delivers, so I stopped in to try a roll. I chose the Red Dragon roll - Crunchy spicy tuna inside with tuna and avocado outside. It was incredibly fresh and delicious. Even with all the towering stuff, it stayed together for soy sauce dipping! It seems like Sumo might have had some trouble getting started, but from one outstanding roll, I would surely visit this place again!Fantastic place. I can be a picky sushi eater so unless it's a high end place I always approach skeptically, this place wildly exceeded my expectations. First it's friendly and relaxed, not hectic, that's a huge plus. Second, our waitress was so friendly and pleasant that it really added to experience. 
Onto the food - the price for value is superb, it tasted great and portions were generous. We got pork gyoza, shrimp tempura, and then a bunch of fancy rolls (I think dragon, spider, fancy salmon). Everyone tasted so awesome. 
Then they gave is free icecream in rice pocket (I forget what it's called). Bottom line, go here.I love this place I go often for lunch, they have a very resonable lunch special and their sushi is always fresh. My only complaint is the service is horrible, every time I go I have the same waitress and she is so rude it makes my lunch miserable. Now I just order take out from there I refuse to eat at the restaurant while she's still working there.Decided to give this place shot after reading some reviews on Foobooz... I am happy to say that this place totally impressed.  We ordered delivery and was extremely happy with the food.  The edamame was perfectly salty and the pork dumplings were still crisp!  We got the Red Dragon and Sumo Special rolls both were great however the Sumo special was my husbands fav.  All in all I was shocked at the freshness and quality delivered to my door.  Will definitely go back!How desperate are you for sushi? Your answer to that question has a direct correlation to the question, "Should I order from Sumo?" Choose wisely!Was in Philly for conference and stopped in here for lunch based on other reviews.  The place was empty, it was 2pm so after lunch time, but I was starving.  I ordered the lunch special, which is like $10.95 for 3 rolls and soup, awesome deal and great food.  The sushi was tasty and really fresh!While on a sushi hunt in good ole Center City I was led to Sumo Sushi by a friend. I was under the impression most center city sushi was good but it is not ... However, SUMO SUSHI IS AWESOME. Me and my friend sat at the sushi bar and had the most pleasant waitress. She was willing to answer any questions we had and substitute any meats included in our rolls. This place is quaint but very nice . The sushi was sooooooooo FRESH ! I will be back over and over again!!!Sushi is BANGIN' and super fresh. BYOB aspect makes this place awesome. Waitresses are amazing and the friendliest people ever. Came with a group of 15 on a Saturday night and considering how small this place is, the fact that they had no problem accommodating us and splitting checks gives them 5 stars alone. Drank saki bombs and ate sushi all night long, I was basically in heaven. Sumo Sushi 4Ever.I love this sushi place. Usually when I'm ordering they are bringing the food before the delivery time even start. The food is great and even when you sit in the place the service is great! Very recommendedThis place is a gem! All their sushi is fresh and delicious. They have a great roll with mango that is amazing. I've ate in and got it ordered. They always get my order right and the delivery took less than 20 minutes! It was GREAT!! Recommend this place!Fresh and delicious sushi. I get delivery from here all the time. It's always super fast and good food. Prices are nice!Sushi was good not particularly memorable, a little overpriced. The good thing, the delivery is pretty quickSo so disappointing. Reviews in TripAdvisor were good. Preconcert dinner. The rice is strange not traditional sushi rice. The salmon and scallops were not fresh....I didn't notice the box that said "frozen escolar" until after we had ordered.ordered on grubhub. very impressed. for the price, i feared the rolls might be small. not at all. great value. very tasty.I'm glad this place has a ton of haters here on Yelp. 
Oh, you've checked in 8 times, say it's your favorite sushi spot, and give it three stars for cold edamame? Good. Stay away. Maybe then I'll be able to continue getting a table on a Friday night. 
Oh, you've rated it down two stars because you have only been once so you don't know if it's consistent? Good. Never come back. Then I'll continue to get delicious sushi at a fast and affordable place.Absolutely recommend this place! Cute environment, very nice staff. The food here is fresh and delicious. I even received free chocolate from them on Valentine's Day!Moved back to Philly and Sumo is still 5 stars - sure, they may not be as tasty as some of the sushi joints in San Francisco I've eaten at, but that's comparing apples to oranges. As far as the Philly sushi scene goes, nothing beats Sumo as far as quality and taste for the price.
Their lunch special is bomb - 3 rolls plus a miso soup for $11 delivered. And they come all the way to my offices in Northern Liberties! Someone ordered the Sushi and Sashimi lunch special, and while at $16 it seems expensive, the amount of food he got was insane. Two full trays of sushi and sashimi plus a salmon avocado roll. And a soup of course.
The waiters at Sumo are friendly and helpful, and the delivery guy is always on time. I love their food, I love their service and I love their restaurant. 
5 stars it is!Sumo sushi is my go-to sushi place in Center City.  The fish is often fresh that morning, and the rolls are decently priced for the size.  I suggest getting the Naruto Roll and the Fantasy Roll if you want to try something a little different.  Also, they have a great "Party for Four" sushi option that includes a mix of special rolls and typical rolls.  The best part is that it is under $40.  Basically, I use that option if I want "All-You-Can-Eat" sushi because after I have my half of the party, it's all I can eat.  
They have a nice mix of Japanese style noodles, soups, and other non-sushi food items as well, so it's a great place for groups that aren't 100% sushi-vores.  The address says Broad St, but the entrance is on Pine St. just past the Starbucks' windows. You definitely need to go there and try it out.My dad and I have been making the sushi rounds in Philly, and last night this became our next stop due to it's close proximity to the Kimmel Center. I can give them this much: Sumo Sushi gets the job done. It's clean, the food is fine, and the staff was overall nice. The prices are decent, but I did not find them to be as ragingly cheap as some of the reviews would have you believe. And I do have a couple of bones to pick...
The service: Nice enough, but awkward and overbearing. It may have just been our table placement and the fact that it was slow, but our waiter leaned up against the wall right in front of us as we were reviewing the selection, and it felt like he was hovering. When we asked him what was unique on the menu, he gruffly said he doesn't give opinions and went into a small tangent about it. That's the waitstaff equivalent of whiffing at a lob and then throwing the bat at the pitcher. File under "how not to upsell sushi." At another point in the meal he interrupted our conversation to ask my dad what the weirdest thing he had ever eaten was, and quickly cut to his own story about cobra hearts in cognac. "Can we see your sake menu?" "We don't have a sake selection. This is a small place." "...Ok" "[stares at us]" "Can we order some sake?" "Yes." He didn't come off as intentionally rude, just accidentally rude. At least he was prompt, and he did bring us some free (freezer isle) mochi ice cream, a nice gesture.
The food: I've eaten ton of sushi in my day, but I regret to say I don't really know the fine points of quality artistry beyond a comparison to my own top experiences. The fish tasted fresh enough, but I noticed cuts of the same sashimi were sometimes off, resulting in odd shapes. We ordered a sunshine roll to be daring when I noticed mint was listed as an ingredient. Big mistake. I'm all for taking risks and I have a pretty broad pallet--I was able to get half whole roll down--but I would go so far as to say this concoction has no place being on the menu. Finally, the tea came out with tea bags in it. This isn't Denny's guys. At $35 bucks a head we can up the service to steeping the tea beforehand?
And that's what it comes down to. After this passable, mediocre experience, I was handed an all-too familiar bill, maybe $10 cheaper than my favorite Philly sushi joint. It was my turn to pay, and I would have gladly forked over an extra $10 for better service and top-quality food.My favorite sushi place in Philly. Awesome food, great prices, and fresh fish. A must in Philly...Pros: 
nice and reasonable price
Fast
Lunch special with free miso soup
Carry out and delivery
Cons:
Raw fish not Fresh, Especially Sashimi
If you love fresh sushi, do not go for the lunch special.Good sushi is hard to find. This place has a few nice rolls and everything tasted fresh. I would have liked a few more option for the lunch special but I can't complain 3 rolls for 11 bucks is not a bad deal.i went here with a few girlfriends the other night and we had a great meal! we shared edamae, seaweed salad, spicy salmon, yellowtail crunch (with the apple inside), red dragon, fantasy roll, and the crystal roll. we shared everything and we ate it all, everything was great! I especially enjoyed the yellowtail crunch which had the apple in it, and was pleasantly surprising! i also really like the fantasy roll which was humungous! 
they also offer brown rice which is clutch. 
location is right off broad street and pine
. 
will definitely be back. or order from there since they have take out and delivery!
woo!By far the best sushi in the city, along with the best price! I've yet to be disappointed by their service or their quality of food. This is a must try and a great go-to spot for a nice date night or dinner out with family and friends. Amazing!My friend and I ordered takeout from Sumo Sushi on a Saturday night in late June. The portion sizes were generous, the food was exceedingly delicious, delivery was fast, and it was a great value for the money spent.
Tuna Pumpkin (Lobster Salad wrapped in Tuna, with Mosago): 4 out of 5
This appetizer, served chilled, consisted of large chunk lobster salad rolled inside a raw tuna sashimi "pumpkin," topped with mosago. There were two "pumpkins" per order, each slightly larger than a large egg. The lobster salad was cold, fresh, succulent, and moist. The Bluefin tuna on the outside was equally fresh and delicious.
Seaweed Salad: 5 out of 5
The seaweed salad had a nice balance of crisp, fresh-tasting seaweed, light dressing, a sparing amount of white sesame seeds; and sat atop a bed of skinless cucumber spears. It arrived very cold (even in 80 degree weather) and was refreshing to eat. In terms of portion-size, it filled the better part of your standard small square plastic salad container. Fresh, cold, sweet, tangy...It doesn't get any better than this!
Volcano Roll (Spicy Tuna, Cucumber, Avocado and Tempura Crunch, served with "chef's special sauce" [spicy mayo, unagi sauce, and some other unidentifiable, yet tasty, sauce], wrapped in Soy Bean Wrapper): 5 out of 5
The sweetness from the soy bean wrapper, white rice, and unagi sauce imparted a subtle contrast to the salty soy sauce-dipped spicy tuna and creamy avocado, with a satisfying crunch of the tempura flakes and the kick of pepper from the spicy mayo. I should add that this is an "over-sized" roll, so it is twice the size of your average spicy tuna roll.
We couldn't have asked for a better takeout experience. I look forward to ordering from Sumo again soon!I've both ordered delivery and eaten in at Sumo and I've never been disappointed. Honestly I think it's one of the best sushi places in the Center City area. 
 The fish is always fresh and delicious and the staff is consistently friendly. When I get delivery I never wait longer than 30 minutes.Consistently great sushi. Always fresh and reasonably priced. I love the seafood appetizer and the chefs special rolls, all swell as the a la cart sushi and sashimi. Good for eat in (byo) and for delivery.Very typical small sushi place.  It's really nothing special, they lacked hot towels, used generic green tea bags, and didn't really have an answer when we asked if we could speak with the chef about what fish was freshest (we thought this was odd).  On the plus side, aside from beer, it's a BYOB.
I came here with my father before a ballet performance.  We ordered seaweed salad, sushi, and pork dumplings.  Everything was pretty good.  They also kindly gave use mochi ice cream when we finished.
I would come again, but I wouldn't go out of my way.Good fish is hard to find in King's Landing if you're not a nobleman, but here in Philly the common folk have some great options. Though my 4' 5" frame is smaller than a decent sized tuna, I am a self-confessed sushi slut and maven weened on the fine fruits de mer served in the City of Angels.  
There is no better value in town - bar none - for delicious, fresh sushi than at Sumo where Sushi Master Jason will transport you to new heights of ecstasy if you sit at the bar and politely ask him to make up something special for you. But even if you order off the regular menu, you'll be blown away by the outstanding quality and sizable quantity of mouth watering fish you'll get for your hard earned dollars.
Make no mistake, the decor is a bit spartan and subdued so don't expect to impress your date with mood lighting, bubbling fountains, or other feng shui adornments found in some pricier sushi dens around town. However, for you sushi purists seeking to get your groove on some superfresh sea meat, look no further than Sumo. By the Old Gods and the New, I swear ye shall not be disappointed!Tasty fresh sushi, affordable hot sake, and pretty darn good service, what more do you need from a sushi spot?! They have awesome rolls. My favorite special rolls were the Red Dragon and Crystal Rolls. The seating area is cozy, clean and modern. 
My only issues were one dirty plate and the storage boxes in the dining area. Other than that, this place is awesome, and a must-try. I will be back, a lot.Just discovered this place after living around the corner for months! I'm a huge fan of Zama's sashimi but not the prices. Sumo has a great menu and the sashimi is very fresh and affordable! The staff is super friendly, as well. I eat sashimi often, probably more than I should and have been looking for a more affordable sushi place that has fresh, healthy (not soaked in spicy mayo or ponzu sauce, options and it looks like I found it!Philly has a serious glut of sushi places, and Sumo has recently joined the lineup. I kept an eye on the location the moment a banner announced what that location would become, waiting with bated breath for yet another potential sushi joint to tantalize my palate - and I finally got my chance to try them!
First of all, YAY for 10% off to celebrate their Grand Opening! Only 'til Sept 15, so I'm taking advantage of that as much as possible. Prices are comparable to many other sushi places in the area so the only real question was...how good is it? Considering that I just said I'm going back for more, I think you already know its good. They have a number of nice special rolls, and after some deliberation we chose the following:
Crystal Roll (spicy tuna, crunch, avocado inside, topped with spicy scallop & tobiko): best roll IMHO, but I love scallop more than any other seafood (except maybe oysters...maybe)
Mango Tango (spicy yellowtail, tuna, avocado inside, fresh mango, tobiko on top with creamy yuzu sauce): Mmm, yummy! Very fresh tasting with the mango, and overall the fish is incredibly fresh
Princess Roll (pepper tuna, asparagus top with white-tuna, tobiko, scallion & wasabi sauce): quite good, although we wished the wasabi sauce had been spicier since it had no kick to it
Yellowtail Crunch (spicy yellowtail, apple & crunch): eh, we gave it a chance and it just wasn't that great. I always hope that apple will get incorporated and be awesome, but it never is...
Overall, fantastic sushi. And the interior design is great, but very dark. Can't wait to try some more!!Although I can't claim extensive knowledge of the sushi scene in Philly, Sumo has definitely become one of our favorites. 
We've tried other (and closer) places and ended up still hungry after forking up $70+ for dinner for two. Sumo, however, offers comparable quality at a much more reasonable price. We love it because I can order my 18-piece sashimi platter and my husband can order a few specialty rolls and miso for under $50 (plus, they usually throw in some free edamame!)
While we enjoy eating in the restaurant and have always had a pleasant experience there--they once gave us free dessert because they felt they took too long in getting us our check--we generally take advantage of their expedient delivery service. Even on busy weekend nights, we almost always have our order within 30 minutes of calling!Tried Sumo Sushi for the first time recently, and I was quite satisfied.  I opted for a seat at the sushi bar, where I got to watch my sushi being prepared.  I ended up getting a salmon roll and a sweet potato roll, both of which were to my liking (especially the latter).  Reasonably priced, good quality fish, friendly and accommodating staff, and a tranquil environment.  Not to mention "I Believe I Can Fly" was on the radio, so that was definitely a good omen for me especially around now!Love this place. NY roll is the best. Quick delivery. Once made a mistake and re delivered in twenty minutes!I didn't feel like being bothered with humans today so I'm cooped up in my hotel room watching the harry potter marathon. I grew hungry but didn't feel like going out so i hopped on grub hub and found a sushi spot with great ratings. They have this great lunch special, 3 rolls for $10 w/ miso soup. You cant beat that. The miso soup is HUGE and the sushi is very fresh and filling. They arrived at my room earlier than expected which is always a plus. Im stuffed and not even half way through my sushi platter. Wish they were in NY. They would get all my money.Our time together was so short, Sumo. We ordered some rolls and miso a few weeks ago. The food was average and fine (3.5 stars) and delivery was reasonably quick - we're only about 10 minutes away. 
This time, however - it's been almost 2.5 hours since we placed our order, and just had to use the ordering service (Eat24) to cancel, even though Sumo claimed the order was on it's way almost an hour ago. The kicker is that everything is now closed. Liquid dinner, I guess?
Don't bother ordering from here if you're like, really planning on getting the order. FAIL.I had low expectations for Sumo but it delivered beyond my expectations.  It's a fairly small space - maybe about a dozen tables, all within arm's length of each other.  The biggest table can only sit 4 people so if you're bringing more people, it might be useful to call in advance.
It's BYOB (despite the fact that they also serve beer/liquor) and no corkage fee, which is terrific.  They even provided a cork for us to re-cover the wine (although it didn't fit but still, a nice gesture).
We went for the Party Platter for 4 (despite that there were only 2 of us), which has California rolls, spicy tuna, unagi, Alaska roll, rainbow roll, and dragon rolls, and all for $35.  Figured it was more cost-effective to order the platter than a bunch of individual rolls.  I wasn't so enthused by getting California rolls with the Party Platter but we didn't have any trouble substituting those out with the similarly-priced salmon rolls.  We also ordered the spider rolls, which were terrific; the softshell crab was still warm.  The waitress checked on us every so often but we didn't require much attention.  There were about 4 guys busily rolling sushi behind the counter.
I was a little "meh" when I saw the menus -- they're laminated but a bit dog-eared and kind of falling apart.  Otherwise, my experience here despite how underwhelming it initially seemed was a terrific one and I'd be happy to return.I had the Happy lunch with tuna roll and crunchy yellowtail roll -- both fish rolls were FRESH, which is the most important factor when it comes to sushi joints. Would eat here again when I'm visiting the University of the Arts!I love this place. The 3 roll lunch special is awesome, fresh and affordable. While I have eaten in the restaurant a few times I usually get delivery. They come really quickly and always get the order right. Their sashimi is fresh and I usually get salmon, yellowtail and octopus. The raw scallop is also good and really fresh. I would agree with some of the other reviews that say the rolls are not always well-constructed but the taste is great and the staff are all really nice.I ordered from here last night through GrubHub, and was not disappointed! We ordered the Party Platter for 4, Seaweed Salad, and the Fusion Roll. In total, it was about $50 and we got TONS of food. It may have been accidental, but they even threw in some free edamame with our order. Usually I spend $30-40 to go out and eat 2 special rolls and have some drinks/appetizers so this was the most economical decision we've ever made and it was obviously more than enough for four normal people. We only had two people, so we ate a lot of it last night, and I'm currently enjoying some leftovers as I write this review.
The Party Platter for 4 includes a California Roll, Spicy Tuna Roll, Unagi (eel) roll, Alaska roll, Rainbow Roll, and Dragon roll. If you're not a fan of avocado, it is NOT for you as most of these rolls have avocado in them. The Dragon roll was my favorite - crunchiest shrimp tempura I've ever had without being overcooked. The Fusion Roll was delicious, but a little spicier than I expected so I only had a few pieces of that. I'm a sucker for Seaweed Salad anywhere, and that was also delicious.
Overall, love this place! It's right off of Broad Street (entrance is on Pine Street) and close to the Kimmel Center and Academy of Music if you're in town for a show and need somewhere to eat. I've been to the restaurant before and it is a little small or "intimate" so you may want to call ahead if you have a big group. Not sure if they take reservations.Not that impressed by my try of this place. The service was limp, the staff was blabbering, the waiter was odd, the food was so-so. Nothing popped or was even that good, if not bad. Won't be coming back any time soon.AMAZING SUSHI AT AMAZING PRICES.
my colleagues and I go here for work lunches all the time.  they have amazing sushi lunch specials.
usually i will never eat at sushi places that do sushi lunch specials- it freaks me out, i'm scared it's old fish and that I will get sick. 
BUT at Sumo the fish tastes so fresh and delicious. the sushi is cut perfectly and has the perfect combo or fish thickness to rice.
the rolls are also great.
the miso soup is only eh.
BUT go for the sushi and you won't regret it!This has become my go-to for sushi delivery.  They get it done and delivered fast and fresh, even though I don't live that close.  I recommend the Futo Maki and the Naruto Roll (wrapped in cucumber instead of rice).Decent sushi: pretty fast delivery (for a "holiday"), good quality, decent size, pretty taste. Nothing crazy, but I'd definitely order from here again if I don't feel like going out.This place wasn't good at all. The food arrived earlier than expected, there's a plus; otherwise, this food was terrible. We spent $40 and didn't even eat half of it. This is our first time, but the impression is terribly negative. Giving two stars for the early arrival.Great service and great sushi! I have been a customer for about 3 years. I remember when the power went out we just laughed and they kept serving.This is where I come when I have a sushi craving. It's good fresh fish priced fairly. Everything I have had has been delicious and the staff is always very attentive and friendly. The atmosphere is clean and decorated appropriately, nothing is over the top but it's also not tacky. The lunch specials are great and I always leave happy to have had such a good meal.So glad my friend suggested Sumo Sushi for dinner.  The sushi was deliciously fresh, perfectly rolled and the only thing I regret is not getting more of it and trying more of the sushi.  The service was excellent and the atmosphere was cozy and clean.  Prices were reasonable and overall, it was a great experience.Usually it's good but today I ate the worst sushi I have ever had. What's with the mushy tuna? Tasteless Scallops were tasteless.Everything soft and gooey especially the edamame. Miso soup was watery. I hope I don't shit and vomit my brains out. Seaweed salad was OK as was the peppered seared tuna but I threw out 40 dollars worth of sushi. I'm off sushi for life. Thanks sumoI got the spider roll, eel roll and inari roll.  I didn't really like the inari roll (my husband did though) but I loved the other two! I ended up ordering again the next day :). Quick delivery