So so good and so so affordable..My friends and I had a wonderful experience at suppa last night. The food we had was insanely delicious (especially the duck poutine, my favorite dish of the night) but what was even better was the bill. Amazing food for an amazing price and great service to top it off! Thank you suppa!great sandwhiches, fun games to play while you wait, mad libs.Amazing food at incredible prices!  Loved the curry potstickers and the Cuban sandwich was the best I've had.  I rarely write yelp reviews but had to recommend this place.Killer Tandoori Fried Chicken... Not greasy... Maintained a great crispness through the delivery process (which will often times leave crispy food, soggy)... The greens and Mac n cheese (super cheesy), that accompanied the chicken, were excellent.
Shrimp n grits were also quite good... The perfect amount of big jumbo shrimp throughout.
Delivery was fast via bicycle.  A local ole hed, named Chase, is a character and takes his job quite seriously!I love brunch and everything about it , from savory egg dishes to fluffy pancakes and of course mimosas . I've recently decided I'd much rather brunch than go to dinner so I've been traveling all over the city in search for the good stuff. We arrived to a moderately full restaurant , Suppa is very small in size but there were at least 2 open tables and 3 outdoor seats open so we sat out in the sunshine . I'm torn between 3.5 stars and 4 I'm rounding because our food was very good and sometimes that counts for more than service . We waited quite some time ( more than 15 minutes ) for our server to come over and take our drink orders so I went in search of booze.
Suppa is byo and not far from the state store on Girard so I picked up a bottle and arrived shortly after my dates oj. 
We decided on corn beef hash, 3 eggs and the Nutella banana French toast . Our server 
advised us that the portions are very big but my date eats a lot and explained polishing off two entrees would be cake for him. We had to ask more than 2 times for ice and glasses which was annoying but there  appeared to only be one server working . As the indoor tables stared to clear out we saw more and more of our server and service became a little better .
It took about 25-30 minutes after we ordered for out food to come but when it did I was very impressed with everything except my eggs ( I specified very runny over easy egg) the yolk was way over cooked. The potatoes redeemed Suppa as did the French toast. I would probably come back maybe super early to beat the brunch crowd.
Though service moved like my 96 year old great great aunt our server was very sweet and really tried to keep up with the demand .So for some reason it was like pulling teeth to get here despite living a stone's throw away. I can't quite put my finger on what was keeping us away but lets just say, it's gone now. 
This past Saturday, I had a lovely dinner with my guy at Suppa. First, the service was great. Our waitress was attentive, helpful, friendly and entertaining at the same time. It really made the experience lovely.
Now onto the food....I'm still trying to figure out how I would describe it. It's a fusion between comfort, asian and I guess new american cuisine? I'm confused about it but it really doesn't matter because it works though a clear point of view might help bring in more business but i digress....
We started with the char sui pork belly. I mean it was great. The belly was super tender, and I just loved the way it came. The waitress described it as a deconstructed flat bread with everything separate. I decided to put everything on the little crispy to make my own flat bread and loved it. I 100% plan to try their bahn mi with the char sui pork next time. Next we had the curried lamb spring rolls. Another winner. The mix of salty, sweet, crunch and curry was awesome. We could have eaten a million. Lastly, we split the tandoori fried chicken. This was very good but we both felt that the fried chicken needed a little more of the raita and may be a little more tandoori spices. Other than that we thought it was awesome and there is NO doubt that their mac and cheese is a signature dish. It was just creamy/cheesie goodness (mouth waters). Oh and those collard greens...with a southern grandma I looooove collard greens and they nailed them.
Honestly, the only negatives I can think of are 1. their marketing/branding. I honestly had no idea what to expect based off of what I'd heard about this place so that's likely part of the reason I stayed away. and 2. the temperature inside. If we hadn't gone on a windy/cooler night in July where we could sit outside, there is no way we would have sat inside. Way too hot! 
All in all, we will be back or we'll at least order out which I love that they offer. Welcome to the neighborhood, Suppa!Hidden Gem in Northern Liberties. 
The menu is unique and delicious. I've come here multiple times and never disappoints. The owners and staff are super friendly too and deliver an awesome experience. 
Come here for brunch too- I had trouble picking a dish because too many things sounded good!I live in the area and have always wanted to try Suppa. Neat menu all the time, so we went here for Brunch today and it was awesome! The brunch menu is great and reasonably priced. The food was delicious and our server was great as well, Joe, maybe his name? We will return for this menu. Great classic food here. This is a great newer spot in Northern Liberties and I think more people should get there fast!We came here with a group of 10 (after changing the reservation many times), and the restaurant was kind enough to seat all of us promptly, even on a busy Saturday night. The service was impeccable, as the waiters put up with our debauchery and promptly gave us water and wine glasses. Full stars for the BYO environment and delicious food; yes, the restaurant is a little out of the way, but the affordable food is worth it. I tried a friend's poutine for the first time, and was blown away, as I was by my personal order of the char siu pork sandwiches. Most entrees come with popcorn, of which I wasn't really a huge fan, but you can substitute for tater tots or fries for a little extra charge. The portions of the entrees aren't that big, but are tasty; meanwhile, the sides of the appetizers/sides are completely worth it. 
The tables also have mad libs and trivia, for your entertainment while you wait for your food! Now that I think about it, our food took a while to come, but I think we were all so distracted by the wine and trivia that we didn't care...
Great service.Best brunch in Philly!!  One of the only restaurants I have ever been to that I can honestly say everything on the menu is amazing! I will be back again and again.Suppa had one of the more interesting offerings for Restaurant Week, which is why my wife and I found here on a Friday evening in August 2015. The restaurant had seating outside and being a nice evening, we preferred that option.
Looking through the menu, we decided that one of us would go for the Restaurant week offering while the other of us would order ala carte from the menu. It was nice to have that option and I think not all restaurants have that option when a RW is in progress. The RW menu we chose consisted of crab fritters, mac n' cheese, ricotta cavatelli, and choice of a dessert item. It was nice of them to also include a beverage in the offering. From the ala carte menu, we went for the duck poutine and the cubano melt sandwich. 
The first comment is that the food took a long time to come out. The restaurant was quite busy on a Friday evening and we could only see one server doing the rounds. The first dish to come out were the crab fritters. They were crispy and hot but as my wife puts it, there did not seem to be any crab meat in it. I thought I had found some traces of crab when I first took a bite but I could certainly see what my wife was saying. The next two dishes to come out were the mac n' cheese and the duck poutine. Both dishes were tasty and as the poutine is not something I have often had before, I enjoyed the novelty of the dish. What surprised us were the huge portions. Even though I was very hungry, I decided to not finish all of my duck poutine and leave some room for the other things we had ordered. The cubano melt sandwich was also very nice. The bread was well toasted and the ham, pulled pork and cheese all went nicely together. The cavatelli pasta was quite flavorful too. Finally, when it came to the dessert, we were so full, we just had a cupcake to go and had it at home. 
Positives:
1. Interesting and eclectic menu.
2. Huge portions - I could have a full lunch based on what was leftover from the meal and even then there were some leftovers.
3. Reasonable prices - For what was being served, prices were reasonable.
Negatives:
1. Pretty slow service: We got in at around 9:20 p.m. and left at around 11 p.m. Certainly we were enjoying the evening and lingered on but then a part of the delay can be explained by how long it took for things to come out.
2. Waters were not refiled promptly. In one instance, my wife requested a glass of water and the waiter, absent-mindedly perhaps, just left her with a glass full of ice. It wasn't until another 5 mins. or so after we could hail the waiter that we were able to have our glasses filled.
Overall, this is the kind of place I would be very excited to have in my neighborhood. I wouldn't have the hassle of having to drive and search for parking and that would make it easy for me just to swing by for perhaps a sandwich or maybe one of their brunch items over the weekend. It is certainly a place I would like to return to.Delicious, reasonably priced and impeccable service. Bonus that it's BYO.
I've been here twice, as a couple and as a large group to celebrate. The food is absolutely delicious, I've tried 6-7 items and each was better than the last. Big fan of the Peach SoCo Short Rib as well as the Chicken sandwich.
The servers are so welcoming it almost feels like a dinner party. Really knowledgable about the menu, and entertaining. There's games to keep you occupied... really well done.
It's never as busy as it should be. It's a little far back for foot traffic to notice when compared to El Camino or Ferdinand- but it's worth walking the extra block.Delicious! Definitely a hidden gem. Service was great and unique atmosphere. Would recommend to vegetarians like me.It was good but I wasn't overwhelmed. Maybe it's because I just ordered the spinach salad and I'm usually more fun than that.
The fried mac & cheese wontons were to die for though!Had a lunch meeting here. Ordered the Grilled Cheese. AWESOME.  The fries were also perfect. 
Not a single complaint! How could I? They give you blow pops with your check!Awesome new nom place on Liberties Walk!  We went here for brunch the other day having frequented every other brunch establishment in the area.  The place was pretty empty when we arrived.  It was a little after brunch but still it was a Sunday and it was nice out...seemed a little odd....30 seconds after we sat down our server was over with water and taking our drink orders.  The brunch menu is decent sized and appeared to have something for everyone. I decided to get the "hair of the dog" sandwich which is not currently listed on their website menu.  The sandwich consisted of a house made Italian sausage patty, house cured bacon, home fries, a friend egg and a garlic aioli spread.  It....was....amazing!!  The sausage patty was super flavorful and very juicy, the potatoes had a good crust but still soft and tender on the inside, that bacon was thick cut and delicious, the oozing egg with the garlic aioli topped everything off.  There are a bunch of other items on the menu that I cannot wait to try.  We will definitely be back....and with booze this time!  Great service great food and did I mention it's BYO!? Score!I don't know if people just haven't found this place yet, or what. Because the food was awesome. They deserve a bigger fan base. We were really surprised to walk in to this restaurant at 7 p.m. on a Saturday and find it completely empty. Our party of six was joined by another couple about halfway through the meal, and they did a few take-out orders throughout the night, but that was it.
The food is creative but accessible and managed to satisfy all six of us, which is no small feat. The portions are ample, but well-priced. 
We will be back, and I really hope they can grow their fan base so they stick around.We went here for brunch one morning and it was amazing. The eggs in purgatory was amazing and the special was buffalo sliders on biscuits... Everything was so great, I will absolutely be returning.Everything was so very tasty -- seems like a mainstream menu but lots of little twists to make it really unique!  Kids loved the pretzels as an app (adults too!).  I had the most amazing duck sandwich that I had to eat with a fork, it tasted like Thanksgiving on a roll. Others raved about the fried chicken, slaw and mac and cheese.  Quick and pleasant service too.  Finding a parking spot was the only unpleasant part of the night.If you are looking for comfort food - look no further!  This is our favorite go - to spot in northern liberties.  We have had a wide variety of dishes and their special offerings do not disappoint.   We always get exceptional service here.  Our favorite item is the tater tots!It's like going home for Sunday night suppa, that is if your mom is a "chopped" winning chef.  You even feel like family when you're greeted by Angelo.  Heard someone order the ground angus sloppy joe with tots.  I had to try it and it didn't disappoint.  I expected the gourmet sandwich to be amazing but what really blew me away was there extra large tots with homemade tomato jam.  Come here!1. Chicken & Waffles
2. Sloppy Joe
You need to drop whatever you're doing, and go immediately.  Chef Georgeann is a Chopped champion, and her food is the truth! I don't know how this place hasn't blown up yet, but better get to it before someone spills the beans.  Very cozy atmosphere, but also has outdoor dining available.  Portions are also fairly priced.  We were waited on by a very lovely gentleman who went by the name of Dancie (spelling?), who was extremely attentive and friendly.  Although I live in New York, I always make sure to stop by when I come home.  You won't be disappointed!I went to this place on my birthday. Cool BYOB. Our waiter was new, so didn't know a lot, but he was very nice and clarified any questions we had. The food was pricey, but not so much so that it took away from the meal itself. I got mac & cheese with veggies, which was refreshing and nice to taste (a little crunch to every bite!) and my friend got the spaghetti squash was good, we honestly we were not expecting it to be good at all, but it was really fresh, had a lot of veggies. Very good vegan and gluten-free option! The only reason I redacted a star was because there were 2 other parties there (there are about 6-7 tables in this place so don't expect it to be super intimate or quiet on a friday night) and they were LOUD. I'm pretty loud, but they sat there for what felt like forever literally screaming loud enough that my party of 4 people couldn't talk to each other without having to yell too...Came here based on good past reviews. Waited for over 45 minutes to even get an appetizer. Poor service and lack of concern over the extended wait times even though only a few tables were being served. Seriously wanted to just go get a slice next door instead.Always a great filling meal here. I work closeby and take a lot of clients here and it's a nice comfortable and casual place with great food and welcoming staff. The Mexican hot chocolate is great for cold days, and the tots are a favorite. I recommend always checking out the specials on the chalk board before jumping into any of the regular menu. They always tend to be great choices.Our neighborhood gem. Love that this place is right around the corner from me. I've been here for both brunch and dinner. They serve free mimosas and bloody Mary's during weekend brunch and its BYOB!
Order: Alway check the board for specials and the desserts! On New Year's Day, had the duck and sweet potato hash special, it was the perfect dish after a long night. Brunch items not to be missed French toast and pancakes. Lunch/dinner items, the taco apps were tasty and the short ribs entree was flavorful. The Cuban sandwich is a must get, the ham and pulled pork is a great combo. I didn't care for the chicken gyro or jerk chicken much. Both items seemed to lack flavor. Their tots are unique, imagine potato gratin but in large tot form, yum! 
Service: everyone is always friendly and checks on the table on a regular basis. 
Overall: secretly I don't want the word to get out about this place so I don't have to wait in lines.The food was excellent, and the atmosphere was very warm and cozy on a cold night. I had a hamburger and tater tots, which are really big, delicious, gourmet tater tots. They are magic in your mouth. The food was piping hot, served quickly by our very attentive and wonderful server. 
They also have games you can play, and I got my butt kicked by my roommate at my first ever game of Connect Four. And all subsequent games thereof. Despite my heartbreaking Connect Four loss(es), it was still a wonderful meal, and dessert was fantastic. I was too full to eat more than a couple bites, but not to worry - the bread pudding was just as divine the next day.Good food made from scratch.  Friendly service.  Fair prices. Good portions. Quiet atmosphere. Give it a try.I have to say this place is a little off the beaten path from the always packed PYT and El Camino closer to the Piazza, but is well worth finding (especially if you want to avoid some of the wait on a busy weekend night). I probably eat at Suppa almost weekly at this point. I have yet to have anything but an awesome meal and service. I've had a lot of their menu and it was fantastic, but this place absolutely kills it with the specials. Being a BYOB, I don't know a better place for the price with such a solid menu with daily changing specials I could never get tired of.
Brunch- chicken waffle sandwich or corned beef hash (the best I've ever had)
Dinner- peach short rib or pretty much any daily special, they're always great 
Dessert- changes a lot, but a pumpkin waffle with maple gelato I had here once was bomb.
The tater tot dilemma a lot of reviews mention is lost on me, I'd rather have the tots here over any other I've had.
They deliver, there's free lollipops, the staff rules. Eat here, you won't regret it.I usually order delivery from here, I have only dined in once on its opening night.  I really like the blackened salmon (not overly seasoned) and the spinach salad.  The sloppy joe and cubano are good, but nothing out of the ordinary.  I like the tots (although I prefer regular ketchup over the homemade they provide) and the lime popcorn.  I wasn't crazy about the chicken gyros (the dark meat chunks were kind of fatty) or the spaghetti squash (too rich).  I'm giving a 4 because I REALLY like the salmon (it's very consistently good) and I like I can have it delivered.  Otherwise, I'd probably give the restaurant as a whole a 3-3.5So far, I've been here 5 or 6 times and have had several things off the menu. My favorite is the chicken gyro. It's so fresh and the chicken melts in your mouth. This place is so delicious. Best place on liberty walk.Creative comfort food BYO.  Came here twice and everything was great.  I especially recommend the Tandoori Fried Chicken--it's like nothing I've ever had before!Great food, reasonable prices and friendly service! The Duck Sandwich was incredible...and with Chili Lime Popcorn? Yeah, I'll be a repeat customer.As crazy as it sounds the only thing I always order from here is the Oatmeal and one scrambled egg with cheese and I'm not kidding it is the best oatmeal and egg I've ever had in my life , ever- worth writing this review over. They always post the most amazing look desserts on Instagram that's going to be what I'll try next I think.BEST MAC N CHEESE YOU WILL EVER HAVE!!
The wait staff is great, and they have mad libs at every table! 
Please try this place out if you haven't already!My partner and I went here recently and these are our thoughts...
The good:
-server was friendly and helpful
-the sloppy joe was delicious
-trivia at the table 
-it's byob 
The mediocre:
-the tater tots (tastes and look like diner hash browns)
-fried chicken sandwich 
The bad:
-apple dumpling dessert was terrible and tasted like it was microwaved 
-location/neighborhood: bland, feels and smells like post-gentrification 
We won't be going back.I'm still here and couldn't wait to sing the paradises deserved by the staff and chef of Suppa. It's clear why this chef won Chopped. Start with our waitress Felicia who was so warm and welcoming. Attentive and so charming she made us feel so welcome. For apps we got the spring rolls w lamb and SO good!  I had the Cubano sandwich and my fiancé had the gyro. Both were huge and a really full meal. We ended w the empanadas w strawberry and cream cheese not that we had any room left but who could resist after everything else was so good?  As locals Id make this is our new go to spot!Service and food was great.
Tater tots: Luke warm. Good. Not amazing.
Falafel: 4 small mini naans. Really good. Will def come back for just these.
Cubano: excellent. Horseradish mustard was amazing.Just had the most amazing brunch here with my boyfriend. It really is a hidden gem as described by previous reviewers, but it deserves to have a line out the door!! The food, service, atmosphere were awesome - we will definitely be back!!I stumbled upon this place while in the Northern Liberties area, and it looked like a cute little BYO cafe, so we decided to try it. We sat outside to take advantage of the great weather.
Overall, the food was pretty good. I ordered the veggie mac & cheese and added bacon, and I really enjoyed it. It was a little bit rich, but tasty nonetheless. My friends ordered sandwiches and also enjoyed them. At the end of the meal, we were given freezy pops, which was a nice little touch. 
My only complaint was that the food took forever to come out. The server/manager did apologize repeatedly, and in general he was very nice, so it wasn't a big deal, but still. They also have trivial pursuit cards on the table to entertain you, so that was a cute touch as well. 
Definitely recommend this is if you're in the area!We got take-out (two sandwiches with tater tots) from this place. The food was good, they were pretty quick getting it made, and were very nice while we were in there waiting. They have board games to use while you wait, and I managed to teach my 18month old how to play hungry hungry hippos.  The tots were DELICIOUS. The prices are a little high, but what can you expect with the rents these places have to pay to be on the walk...  I will definitely go back to try other things.  Overall, definitely recommend giving this place a shot, the food is worth it!Terrible food. I came here because I was invited. The food was trash. I had a burger, TERRIBLE. I had some tarot toots, they were OK. Lemonade, TERRIBLE. The staff was cool as hell but I came to eat and the food was terrible.First let me say Suppa is a very cool place but small, the people are extremely nice and the service was very quick . I sat outside on a cool evening around like 7pm so it wasn't that many people walking around outside.
I ordered the Shrimp wrap with chili popcorn. I must say the shrimp wrap was Nasty and greasy but the popcorn was really good. I was honest with my waitress and I told her it was nasty she was pleased with my honesty.
The lemonade I ordered was very delicious, not too sweet and not too tarty which was perfect. I definitely told my waitress about the lemonade and come to find out she made it that day which put a smile on face :)))
All I'm saying is if you like wacky food then this the place for you. I will be aback and try other things just because of how great the service was :))))My friend and I stopped into this tiny, dingy little place about week ago to order a burger for lunch. We were really hungry and wanted something else to supplement, so the waitress, who promptly returned with our drinks, suggested veggie mac n cheese. And let me tell you, that was the best advice I've ever taken. It was delicious. I was weary of the caramelized onions, but it really gave this fancy Mac n cheese a delicious and unique flavor.
Our drinks were never empty and our server was so helpful and welcoming. 
This rating is 5 stars for service
And like 3.5 for the restaurant, just because I really hated the furniture and the layout of their menu really bothered me.Living in Northern Liberties, I walk by Suppa multiple times a day and I had always said to myself "I'll make it there one day"... Well Sunday morning my boyfriend and I had decided to go for brunch. We are early birds, so it was nice that they open at 10am versus the 11am which most restaurants in the area open for brunch. We took a table outside and were promptly visited by our friendly server. I had ordered the iced coffee with vanilla and it was great! Really some of the best coffee that I've had in the neighborhood. For our entrees, I had ordered the sausage gravy & biscuits and my boyfriend had the country biscuit. They were both tasty! Nothing really blew me away, but it was definitely good. I did find myself comparing the sausage gravy to Honey's and that's where it fell short. (Honey's is home to my favorite Sausage & Gravy). I really loved the Trivial Pursuit and "Would You Rather" cards on the cable. It made the very brief wait for our food more enjoyable! Also thought the blow pops given with the check at the end was a cute touch! I'd love to be back for dinner where we can take advantage of the BYOB that they have to offer. We will definitely be back to Suppa!Suppa is this little room tucked away down near the end of The Walk at the Piazza at Schmidts.  Unless you are looking for it you will not likely happen upon this place.  This is a shame because it is totally worth the trip.  The menu is always fresh, seasonal, sustainable and most importantly, tasty.  The menu consists of fun twists on contemporary foods.  I occasionally go there for lunch and I have enjoyed every meal I've eaten there.This was my first time trying Suppa (and their first time trying Eat24).  It was a Thursday night and I had grown tired of my usual NoLibs eateries, and remembered I had wanted to try this place for a while.  After checking out the menu, I landed on the falafel.  Sounded perfect for my mellow midweek meal.
So I put my order in thru the yelp provided link, and about 15 minutes later mosey on down to pick up my order.  Get there and the crew there is very nice and it seems like it would be a nice place to sit in.  Not this time, but will have to shelf that for later.
Back to the most important part, the food.  So I get back to my place and pop open the box.  Again, I ordered the falafel.  Open the box to 4 little street taco sized falafels. Not at all what I was expecting.  Butttt, and a redeeming but, I must say these little bundles of joy were delicious.  Very fresh.  Not the greasy take out found at a number of establishments around the area.  
This meal was exactly what I was looking for. I don't think my selection was the bread winner of what Suppa has to offer, and with that said, this meal left me wanting to try more.  I commend Suppa's attempt to put a twist on dish found at many food carts or restaurants- and they definitely did it well. 
Til next time, thank you Suppa!I strolled into this cute little joint with my honey bunch on a Saturday evening (weekend following thanksgiving) to find an empty restaurant. This had me slightly concerned at first but we were warmly greeted by our server and sat wherever we wanted! The service was great and they even offers some table games to play as we waited, what fun! I beat honey bunch in connect 4 but she sunk my battle ship :(. The food we ordered was delicious and properly cooked. We went splitsies on the burger and the duck sandwich. The tots that complimented the burger were some of the best I've had. I'd highly recommend trying out suppa for your supper (hehehe).Suppa is a fun little place. It has a menu that is constantly changing. They get all the ingredients locally, which is nice to see. While waiting for your food to come out you can play some games like Trivial Pursuit. Overall, it was a good experience.This place is a home run. Unbelievably awesome food at good prices. BYOB and amazing! The owners are great people. Get there ASAP! This place is gonna blow up.Love this place! A northern liberties favorite. The chef won Chopped so all of the dishes are inventive twists on American classics. 
My dish of choice would be their falafel with a side of french fries. There are vegan and vegetarian options so there is really something for everyone!! 
Definitely worth a stop if you're in the area (and even if you're not)! 
Oh, and it's BYO but they have amazing drinks you can use as mixers!Service was wonderful! BYO - brought 2 bottles of champagne for mimosas at brunch. Grilled cheese was good - added arugula to it.So surprised at how great the food was! The mac and cheese was maybe the best I've ever had (and i had lots :). An awesome culinary experience and the service was 5 star as well. Cant wait to go back and cant believe I hadn't heard about it sooner!  The adult top sirloin sloppy joe and the duck salad are awesome too!Based on all the rave reviews for Suppa, I wish I could say we had a better time. If it had been just the service or just the food, maybe they would have earned another star, but both were below average. The only highlight was our server who was very friendly, never disappeared on us, and brought out water and lots of treats for our dog. But it took about 30 min for our appetizer to come out (we ordered the wings, they were okay but nothing special) and another 20 after that for our entrees. The place was not busy. There were maybe two table inside, and 3-4 outside, that had guests. Another table managed to finish their meals and order and receive more food before we got our wings.
Maybe they were having an off night? With so many positive reviews, it seems strange that Suppa missed the mark for us, but the slowness, and that fact it only seemed to be affecting our table, really put a damper on our night. 
Our food was nothing special either. We ordered the burger and the vegetable banh mi with pork belly. The crimini mushroom pate that comes on the banh mi was frankly kind of gross - it had no flavor and weird texture. I took the sandwich apart so I didn't have to eat it anymore. The tots that came with the burger was huge and kind of gummy, like they had been cooked for too long.  The "chili lime popcorn" that came with the banh mi was so mildly flavored, I could not have identified chili lime unless I had already known that was what they were going for.
With so many great restaurants in the area, it's hard to imagine we will go back.Yet again, Suppa does not dissapoint. The newly added chicken gyro is amazing. There is absolutely nothing I love more than fresh food and Suppa delivers it every time. From farm to Suppa to plate...I never leave unhappy...or hungry.AMAZING homemade goodness.
Menu is unique and they have rotating specials that rock.
Working across the street from them is dangerous, in a good way.
BYOBFood was fantastic. Or "phenomenal" as my co worker described it. Service was fast and friendly. The place was almost empty for a Tuesday lunch. We had the pretzels with pimento cheese and the pierogis for appetizers. The pretzels got second place in my book but it was close. The sloppy joe was the main course. Very solid. Nothing unusual but I appreciated that. The tomato jam for the tater tots was quite tasty. We finished off with the berry cheesecake brownie. Good, but wish I had tried something else.I don't normally write reviews and I WISH I could write a good one however I ordered from grubhub today a friend chicken dinner. Came to my door, enjoyed it until I realized the center was raw and bloody still. Called just to let them know not expecting a refund or anything. They just seemed baffled and like I was lying. Sigh. I know this happens once in a while, but it's frustrating when they don't believe a good will "hey just check your chicken" phone call. Won't be going here again and won't recommend.Great food at a quiet location on Liberties Walk!
Very very very good food!  I'd give it 5 stars if it were slightly less expensive, but don't get me wrong - I LOVE the food here.
Pros:
- Great selection of food on the menu
- Reasonable prices
- Quiet location with outdoor seating on Liberties Walk and Bodine
- Very accommodating serving (and kitchen) staff
Cons:
- Indoor dining area could do with a little sprucing up but it's totally fine since I'm not there to be impressed by ambiance
Note that I've never been here for brunch - only for dinner on a week night with two young children.  I've had the vegetarian bahn-mi twice.  Kids have had the shrimp and steak tacos on separate occasions which were super awesome (we had the taco toppings on the side).  OJ and lemonade were both freshly made.
Also got a nice set of lollipops at the end of the meal (since we didn't order dessert).
We wish Suppa the best and we'll keep dining there since we love it!Noticed this new spot a few months ago and heard they did delivery through Facebook so I decide to try it out. I've never had delivery this fresh, fast and delicious.. Try their wings and grilled cheese! Apparently it's also a BYO spot so I'm definitely gonna swing by with a bottle or two. Five stars well deserved.Northern Liberties is known for its great food and cozy brunch spots, and Suppa definitely falls into that category! Right on Liberties Walk, the ambience is great, even early in the morning for brunch. I had ordered the Country Biscuit which entailed ham, biscuits, honey mustard and some other ingredients that were delicious. The service was great as we were the only people in the restaurant for a good bit. Overall, a great locals spot, I'm looking forward to having dinner there soon!A delicious, cozy BYOB - and the duck salad is to die for. My major gripe is that they don't deliver into Kensington, whereas many of the other restaurants in the area do. if they did, I'd be ordering from them every day!Small little restaurant in the walk of the piazza.
Waiting for your fun is fun. You get to play games and eat popcorn!
The waiter was the one of the nicest waiters I have ever had.
The food was delicious! American cuisine! The have GREAT weekly features (or specials). Probably my favorite thing about this placeI was here last night with a party of 12 for my birthday.  We ordered a bunch of appetizers including the tater tots, the crab fritters and the duck potine.  Everything came out in a timely manner and was delicious.  The tater tots were huge and more potatoey.  We ordered two of each and it was enough to get around for all of us to try.  For our entrees, the majority of the table got the fried chicken which was pretty good.  And it was a lot of chicken.  I got the filet tips which didn't really impress me.  But it was okay. We were the only table inside for a Saturday night and service was great.  Our server was very friendly and the bus boy was also great with refilling our waters and giving us ice buckets.  Then they cut our cake for us and that was delish also.  But I wish I had room in my belly to try the batter fried Nutella brownie bites.  Maybe I'll try it another time. I'd like to go back and try their brunch.Was it me?  I didn't really enjoy my food all the much.  The service was amazing and everyone was very attentive but the only thing was the food wasn't really amazing to me.  The flavor of the tater tots reminded me of Pringles and the Cuban Sandwich was just "ok".  I really did enjoy the pork tacos, the flavor was awesome and the addition of bacon just made it even more delectable.Tonight was our first time at Suppa. If we lived in Fishtown, we would probably eat here at least once a week. We ordered the Killa' Grilled Cheese, an Angus Ribeye Gyro (which they actually pronounced correctly), a Throwback Sloppy Joe, and Mac And Cheesy Goodness. I only got a bite of the gyro so far, but it is delicious. The grilled cheese was probably the best I've ever had. The Sloppy Joe was definitely the best I've ever had. And the mac n cheese. Oh, the mac n cheese. It is heaven.
We're going to be back in Philly next weekend as well and we're DEFINITELY going to Suppa when our appointments are over.The "Killa Grilled Cheese" was delicious and I really enjoyed the side of chile lime popcorn. Great customer service with a friendly atmosphere. Suppa is definitely a must try spot!Since we live a block away we were excited to see a new byob option.  Suppa did not disappoint.  Very attentive server and food was amazing.  Owners are great people.  Even gave us complimentary dog treats!  Can't wait to try brunch.  Try the Burger & gourmet tater tots!!Ugh never had a problem here before but this time we waited 45 minuets for food when there were only 4 other tables in the dining room. The duck salad was supposed to come with kale but they used arugula instead. Did was pretty decent otherwise.This place makes me happy. It's fast and warm. Serves upscale comfort food. What else could I want in my neighborhood? Love all the sides. I love anything with cheese curds, and so the duck poutine is definitely on my list. Tater tots 5 times the size of normal. Love. 
I could get used to eating here...Came here last night and waited 20 minutes for a french press coffee, 10 minutes for a second cup (an empty one) 45 minutes for an appetizer and over an hour for 5 entrees. When we told the waiter we had plans and we wanted to know how much longer it would be he responded that "he did not know. Couldn't (or wouldn't) give us a time and that they make everything in house and have a very small kitchen." We all work in the service industry in Manhattan and Brooklyn, which is known for having small kitchens, our business would close if we ever had those excuses for extreme wait times. 
   Not only is it crazy that they couldn't tell us how long our food was going to be but the maximum amount of time an entree should take to come out is no less than 30 min. Also guys, there is something called prepping, you can't tell me that the sauce in a sloppy joe is made to order. Then he adds that next time (there will never be a next time) we need to tell them we are in a rush so they can give us priority. So basically waiting over an hour for food is our fault. Also can I mention that 20 minutes into being seated there were no tables ahead of us and about 5-6 tables occupied after us!! Needless to say it put us all in a crappy mood. We had to eat quickly and get out of there. 
  It's a shame because the menu was cute, as was the decor and thought put into atmosphere the restaurant. I loved all the little touches like mad libs at the tables and blow pops with your bill. Also, great outdoor seating. It's a shame the experience was so poor.The duck was excellent, great burger special with Taylor Pork roll. Home made tots are a must. Staff was very attentive, and had no issue with us leaving for BOB after we ordered. Nice menu, will be dining there again real soon.Food here is fantastic! Came here once for dinner and once again for brunch and both times was awesome. Small and cozy on the inside. Servers were really nice tooHoly moly, this place is good. I've never had a bad meal here, it is always delicious and fresh, the service is great, the prices are very reasonable, and I love that it's a BYOB. I'll definitely be a repeat customer for quite some time!!Don't miss this great gem! Awesome food! Great service and very charming atmosphere! Loved the potstickers, the loaded fries and the wings,wings,wings!!!! 
The chef is so personal and welcoming and takes great pride in her place! We wish her much success and will be back often.It's so easy to get super full on the proportions here! The tator tots are HUGE and delicious. Suppa makes my FAVORITE fried chicken. And they now have a fried chicken sandwhich! Chef G was on the TV show Chopped. How cool is that! I've had the pleasure of talking to chef g and chef Angelo many many times now and they are both wonderful people with a good eye and a good pallet for food. They have featured dish on the board that cycle out every week. I last had the chili cheese dog egg rolls. Sooooo good when dipped in their cheese sauce. Stop in for lunch, dinner or brunch on the weekends. It's byob and they have orange jucie for mimosa and bloody Mary mix. Love this place!Excellent quality food for brunch and dinner. Seems to be all locals. Not nearly as crowded as it should be. Our little neighborhood secret. :)Pretty cool place. Had a big party that they were able to accommodate. The service was slow and everyone seemed to enjoy their food. My meal, a spaghetti squash pad thai was really underwhelming.Absolute hidden gem on the No Libs Walk. Great people and love dogs. Brunch menu is out of this world and its BYOB. Plus they grow they get their own vegetables from their garden in NJ when the weather permits. Great spot. I wish it was open on Mondays too!Suppa deserves five stars tonight for a combination of reasons - which in my mind is the only way to achieve a full 5 star rating. Food AND service must combine in a perfect storm of positive experience.
Felicia was our server tonight and she was terrific. Not only was she attentive and lovely, but she was all this in spite of working all by herself. Thank you for making this evening relaxed and terrific. It is so nice not to be rushed!
The food was a close second to the service. The menu is eclectic in a very good way that made choosing a challenge. Wings with 4 yummy sauces to start were hot, tender inside with perfectly crispy outside. There was a home-made blue cheese, and a garlicky Asiany sweet/sour sauce that were very tasty. 
My friend had the spaghetti squash entree which was delicious and will be good for lunch tomorrow, and I had the short rib gyro which was wonderful. Great combination of spices and fresh veggies on tasty naan. I have to say though, that the home-made tater tots were what made the meal. 
Hint: if you order the wings, get the yummy sauces on the side and save them to dunk your tots! 
Terrific meal, can't wait to go again.