We felt very sick after brunch. I ordered the pancakes, and my friend ordered the mushroom toast. When the pancakes first came out, they were very mushy (almost runny) in the middle. The pancakes were supposed to be a little different (blue corn?), so I asked our server if they were supposed to be like that. He said they weren't, and he took them away. 
Meanwhile, the mushroom toast had arrived. We were totally unprepared. Instead of toast, someone had baked some sort of sweet brioche, cut it into a cube a little bigger than my fist, soaked it in butter, and then deep fried it. Oh, and there were some mushrooms on top. The fried butter cube came in a small cast iron skillet, which was also filled with mushroom-flavored butter. The first bite was good because butter is delicious... but we had to force the later bites. I say "we" because my pancakes didn't come back until we had finished the mushroom toast-- even though there were only six other people in there.
When the pancakes came back, they looked exactly the same. Still runny, but maybe a little burnt on the outside. We were pretty over Supper at this point, so I just ate half of them and we left.
Unfortunately, we felt SO SICK afterwards that neither of us could eat for the rest of the day. (And we hadn't eaten before brunch, so it was pretty clear what was making us sick.) That evening, I sent a nice (truly!) email to the manager explaining that brunch had made us severely nauseous, and describing what we ate-- I even took care to write it before dinner so they could check their ingredients and make sure nothing had gone bad. That was about two weeks ago, and we never even got a response!
The ambiance is wonderful, and some other people looked like they had nice food on their plates. We paid fifty bucks for 2 stomachaches and 1 ignored email.I heard about this restaurant on an episode of Andrew Zimmern's show.  It's located right across the street from Whole Foods on hipster South Street.  I really liked the restaurant's decor which included a noteworthy light fixture.
I had to try the assorted deviled egg appetizer of the day which was almost two pretty to eat!  It featured a truffle, chipotle lime, buffalo chicken, and sesame ginger egg which was clearly delicious and my favorite.  I also had the duck and waffles.  It featured a crispy duck confit leg with pecan sage waffles and cabbage.  It was a magnificent flavor combination.
The server, Carmine, was very friendly and accommodating with a sense of humor.  He joked how fun it is to watch the interesting people/characters coming and going across the street at Whole Foods.Supper is one of my new favorite brunch spots in Philly. I've been to Supper for dinner previously, but recently stopped by for Sunday brunch after it made Philly Mag's Restaurant Club Brunch Guide.
We went on a Sunday around 12:30pm. They were pretty booked up with reservations (they take reservations for brunch!) but we managed to score two seats at the bar. The eggs benedict was one of the best I've had and even better than the one my husband makes (which is pretty damn good). All sides are separate, so order the cornbread hush puppies if you know what's good for you and the duck fat fingerling potatoes. Yes, my friend, fried cornbread + potatoes + duck fat = heaven.
Service was good, and the freshly squeezed orange juice was delightful. Brunch at Supper is slightly more chic (ie. this ain't Honey's hipster scene) but comfortably casual nonetheless.
Final thoughts...
A great place for Sunday brunch especially when you can plan ahead and make reservations. Food is fresh, well-made, and offers twists on the standard brunch staples.At first I was a bit overwhelmed by the lay-out of Supper's menu: hors d'oeuvres, firsts, plates, large plates...  But our server successfully demystified the menu and was able to offer detailed recommendations, which I appreciated.  She was also quite helpful when I explained that I had a dairy allergy.  
Everything was delicious.  I particularly enjoyed the crab latkes and was intrigued by the deviled eggs, which had unique additives like old bay and truffles.  For my "plate" I ordered the pork tenderloin which was juicy and flavorful.  It tasted as though it had been in a slightly sweet marinade that really enhanced the flavor.  I also ordered two different cocktails, both of which were smooth and tasty.  I feel confident that I will enjoy any menu item I choose in the future.
Although I would not consider Supper appropriate for every day dining, I feel that for the quality and uniqueness of the menu and the experience, it is priced appropriately.  I would highly recommend Supper for a special occasion or date night.What a disappointment.
We were excited to come, and made reservations for our anniversary dinner. We were seated promptly, and the service was acceptable. But the food was very sub-par. I ordered the Pastrami Fried Chicken and it was 4 small pieces of chicken, that were filled with small bones, so required a lot of careful cutting to avoid eating bones. The flavor of the meat was very one-note. Overly smokey. There was a mayo based sauce on the plate that was tasty, but again, one-note. No depth or variety of flavor. The grits underneath were good. My wife got the duck and waffles. The waffle was so hard, we literally couldn't cut through it. How are you supposed to eat that? She said that the duck tasted old. 
For $100+ meal, you can do much better. We won't be back.Enjoyed the Restaurant Week menu.  Selected the deviled eggs, sweet potato soup, skate wing, and passion fruit bar dessert.  Service was good, but not perfect.  A wrong entree was delivered to the table and our fellow diner had a couple minute wait for the proper one to be brought.  The Sorcerer cocktail was a fantastic concoction that I highly recommend.  Nice wine list, also.  I would definitely give Supper another try for the regular menu some time.We called on a Thursday evening around 6:45 to ask about the wait and were told we'd probably wouldn't be seated until 8.  We decided to head over anyway, figuring we could always sit at the bar.  When we arrived 15 minutes later, eight of the ten tables downstairs were empty and we sat right away.  Maybe a whole bunch of people called to cancel their reservations?? Strange, but not the end of the world.  
We had the pretzels with chili & beer fondue and I wish we had ordered something else.  The cheese sauce had a weird aftertaste and the pretzels weren't particularly good. The Smoked Chicken wings had an interesting, tasty sauce.   
I definitely recommend the Acorn squash and leek salad. I ordered it despite the fact that it has cranberries, and I usually don't like fruit in salads. Make sure you get a piece of everything on your fork before you take a bite, the flavors are amazing together.  I didn't try the Grilled Flatbread because i don't eat sopressata but others at the table said it was ok, but too salty to finish. The pesto  in the Strozzapreti pasta was way too strong, you couldn't taste any of the other vegetables in the dish. The Sea Scallops were cooked well and the romesco was good.
My Grilled Poundcake dessert was gross.  The pound cake itself was charred, enough that even when i took a bite with the almond ice cream and pear all i could taste was BURNT.  Despite that, it wasn't even warm--I guess it had been sitting out for a while.
Our server was attentive & knew the menu and the owner stopped by our table to say hi.
None of it was awful, but when I go to a small plate restaurant I kinda expect some awesome food.  If I were to go back, which I probably won't, the acorn squash salad is the only item i would order again.On the recommendation of our chatty waiter, we started the dinner off with a bottle of Sebastiani zin, which was surprisingly good.  The deviled eggs were great, the hush puppy side was forgettable.  I had the duck as my main course and it was fabulous.  Tried the salmon, which was good, but not as good as the duck.  Very friendly service... a bit pricey, but a great experience nonetheless.I was craving a burger and my husband recommended that we try Supper. The restaurant is beautiful, there's lots of wood work, a nice open feeling to the space (yet still intimate), and a cool sculptural light fixture. 
We started off with the charcuterie (choice of three) - boudin blanc, pork rillettes, and country ham. It came with mustard, pickles and some crispy toast and all of the meat was delicious. For our entrees, we each ordered the burger even though we were definitely tempted by some other items on the menu (hello slow cooked pork belly). The burger arrived and it was quite sizable, which is to be expected when you're paying almost $20 for a burger. The toppings were great, the meat flavor was delicious, but my only complaint is that my burger was overcooked. I requested medium rare (the only acceptable way to eat a burger) and unfortunately mine came medium well - basically no pink at all. The highlight of the plate was those ridiculously tasty duck fat fried potatoes with a trio of dipping sauces. 
Also notable at Supper is the drink selection. We each had a cocktail that was perfectly made and unique. I will definitely be back to try some of the other entrees.Went here on a Thursday night with the $89 Living Social four course tasting deal. Place was dead at 6, but our early reservation scored us 1000 points on Open Table which was great. 
We got to choose from a preset selection of four courses from the menu. It seemed limited at first, but we were able to make substitutions with no problem. 
All of the food was great. The barley risotto and tamale fries were exceptional, as were the desserts (blueberry brown betty and apple pie). But the true standout was my duck and waffles, which is easily one of the best entrees I've had at a restaurant in Philly. I'd come back just for that. 
And we definitely got a deal with the Living Social, saving roughy $25 off of the menu price for the items we ended up ordering. 
If you've been thinking about Supper but have it a bit further down on your list (as was the case with us), don't let it stay there. This place should definitely be one of your next stops. Would give it 4.5 if I could.i had a top notch experience!!!!  our server was very professional and friendly. the food was very impressive. especially the sweet potato soup. OUT OF THIS WORLD!  the prices are high, but justified, and bringing your own booze keeps it much lower than it would be with alcohol. go here for a special treat!!!Supper is one of the best dining experiences in the city. The food is very creative and always spot on and delicious. On one visit our server was very unattentive and rude, which can almost ruin an experience regardless of how amazing the food is. When I talked to Mitch (owner) a few days later and let him know that our server was less than perfect he invited us back for a comp'd meal which was extradordinary. Every other meal has been nothing less than amazing. In my opinion the food is the best you will get in the city, familiar flavors put together in new, ultra creative ways that are inspiring. Dishes tend to be on the smaller side so it allows for trying a lot of different dishes, but also equates to a $$$$ dinner, but always worth it. Overall if you are bored of the usual and are really looking for a truly memorable dining experience by all means head to supper, or if you just want  a badass delicious meal it will come through.The mood? Classy, intimate, and comforting.
The lighting? Warm, golden, and tempered.
The design? Dark woods, textured glass, steel sculptures.
The service? Prompt, friendly, unmeddling.
The dishes? Undoubtedly good, but a bit underwhelming.
Though the cheese and charcuterie platter was not adventurous (all the cheeses were made from cow's milk), it was simply and beautifully presented, and the bright citrus orange jam was a welcome alternative to quince paste. The collection of deviled eggs was small, delicate, and simply nice, though the truffled egg and the sri racha egg were remarkable. My sea scallops needed a touch more caramelizing, but the accompanying pickled cauliflower, raisins, and nuts danced with the delicate romesco sauce, rendering a dish of piquant flavors and interesting textures. And, the burger with gruyere and caramelized onions was gorgeous, juicy, and full of subtle flavors. All complimentary comments, non?
My palate was still apathetic as the table was cleared, but suddenly a silky milk chocolate creme with a smooth pretzel crust and creme fraiche sorbet reignited my interest in the meal. Then, the grilled pound cake relegated everything to the night's tired themes: good ideas and flavors (the light grill marks nudging the sweetness of the cake into another place), combined with a dire need for a spark. My companions voiced similar feelings, saying they enjoyed the meal but wanted something more.
So, I am struggling to define the reasons that my meal at Supper was not completely satisfying. The proprietors clearly understand how to create dishes that hit all areas of the palate and combine good textures, they offer a lovely Sunday Supper once a month that with its excellent price point invites all members of the community to share a seasonal meal, they have sustainable agriculture concerns, and their setting and service are flawless. Perhaps this is a futile battle, and so I leave you to try Supper for yourself. Le sigh.Recently tried Supper, and I was pleasantly suprised.  
Ambiance: upscale, but with a casual feel.  really liked the decor, they did a great job with it.
Food:  now lets get to the food!  they combine different ingredients and not all the dishes are your norm, which is a great thing.
for starters-I tried the crab latke and the goat cheese dumplings.  the crab latke were tasty, and the sauce went right well with it.  it was the right amount of crisp.  goat cheese is my favorite, so I had to try this dish!  it was excellente! very savory, and my husband who doesnt even like goat cheese loved it.    
for entrees:  i tried the supper burger and the crusted tuna.  the supper burger was cooked perfectly and the burger had such a great taste to it, not your standard burger.  it comes with duck fat fingerlings, which was the first ive tried, and suprisingly liked them.  the crusted tuna was great!  the tuna was very fresh and the crust just added some pazzazz to it.  i would def get this again.
for dessert:  we tried the bread pudding!  just so delicious.   it comes with nutella and vanilla ice cream... the ice cream was so delicious.  im craving some now thinking about it.
service: our waiter was pleasant.  they were on-top of things
overall:  i highly recommend trying this restaurant.  it is a great date place or with a group of friends/family.  what i love about this place is they try new innovative dishes, and have an atmosphere that isnt too shi-shi.  try it out!Went for the first time today and will go back.  
The smoked chicken salad sandwich with duck fat fries was very good, but the pork shoulder hot dog with fried pickles is better. 
Next time I go back I have the large hot dog. The pickles are fried and have a dusting of barbecue of them, which gives them a little kick.
Think we were the only people actually ordering lunch, everyone else was having omelets and the french toast. Omelets looked really fluffy and it seemed like most people could only eat half of their order of the toast.
Good spot.I love visiting Philly and discovering the restaurant renaissance here.  While I do love cheesesteaks and hoagies, it is nice to get fresh wholesome cuisine without all the grease. Supper's atmosphere is casual and simple yet classy. The focus here is on the food.  Meals here are meant to be savored.  For starters, the pretzels with a beer cheese fondue were yummy.  I dipped my leftover bread to lap up the last bits.  The deviled eggs were original and the carrot and tangerine soup with a smear of coconut marshmallows offered a nice mix of flavors.  The scallops were nicely cooked as well.  Portions here are small, but meant to be layered.  Personally, this was perfect for me.  I also liked the warm  banana bread pudding with carmalized banana.  It was pure sophisticated comfort food without the heaviness.  I would recommend Supper again.  This is also a crowd-pleaser with something for everyone-from foodies to those who aren't as adventurous.After reading that Supper had made Philadelphia Magazine's top 50 restaurants I figured I'd finally give it a try for Restaurant Week.  I was excited for the menu and the comfort food options on a cold winter night.
Unfortunately, I was completely disappointed by both the food and service.  
The Food:
I ordered the sage cheese puffs, sweet potato soup, chicken and biscuit, and the bread pudding.  The cheese puffs were ok, but overwhelmingly flavored with sage to the extent that other flavors were hidden.  I also found something very hard in one of them, which seemed to be a piece of chicken bone!  The sweet potato soup had a nice flavor with a bit of spice that complemented the sweet nicely - by far my favorite dish, though the presentation with a swipe of toasted marshmallow along the side of the bowl was sloppy and too crusted onto the bowl to provide any flavor whatsoever.  My main dish included some perfectly cooked chicken with slightly underdone root vegetables on an EXTREMELY dry biscuit.  There was a light coating of a mustard sauce on the meat, but there needed to be much more liquid to make that hockey puck of a biscuit edible.  Finally, the bread pudding was bland and uninspired.  
My friend ordered different dishes and felt similarly that she had wasted her money on an extremely mediocre meal and felt that her entree was way too heavily salted and presentation of the peanut butter pie was pathetic.
The service:
Two different employees remarked that they were tired as an excuse for their weak interactions with us.  They were reasonably friendly, but gave off the impression that it was a bother to take our order and clear our dishes.  When our entrees arrived, the plates for our second courses had not yet been removed and the table was crowded with dirty dishes.  I was surprised to be asked to pass some to the food runner.  Seriously? 
I would not return to Supper and regret that we spent $150 there for a pitiful meal that I could have done a better job making at home.We went to Supper for a friend's birthday brunch recently, I have always been very fond of Philly's restaurants, very simple, not overrated, and just good food. Supper seems like a very promising place when you first walk in, the ambiance is very quite and warm, perfect for brunch. 
Their menu items are all very unique and sounds mouthwatering. Since we were a big group, we all ordered something different. 
we waited wat seemed like forever (maybe 30-1 hr) for our food, ridiculous! then they brought out our food one by one, the presentation was very nice, and everything seemed so good....until you actually eat it.
i got steak and egg- how can you go wrong with steak and egg??  the steak was so small and the eggs were not good! i can make better fried eggs, also the steak was def not the ny striploin cut the menu stated...where's the strip? i got medium and it was a lil chewy like it was overdone even though its still pink, the meat was not well seasoned, tasted like low quality piece of beef -_____-  if you r going to charge 20 bucks for a tiny piece of meat and 2 eggs at least make it good quality..also it came with this toast that was so hard you can probably use as a weapon
people around the table also got the following
bacon wrapped hot dog -aka dry salty sausage wrapped in soggy bacon in a strange texture bread
red velvet waffles w. cream cheese- soggy, floury, i would rather eat leggo my eggo, at least its crunchy 
some other ppl got egg frittata and beneigh which they also had nothing good to say so i didnt even bother to try 
the only ppl who liked their food were ppl who got burgers, they all said it was very good. 
despite the fact that they took so long to bring out the food, the service was also pretty bad, when we were desperately looking for condiments such as salt/pepper/ketchup....the waitress was no where to be seen, i swear in the two stories restaurant, there's only like 1-2 waitresses. They conveniently brought us the condiments right about when we finished eating, then brought us many plates of butter (???) for wat? no idea? .....
overall i must say this place keeps building up ur expectations until you order your food-then they consistently do a good job of crushing those built up expectations until  you leaveWe went for Sunday dinner. Place was not crowded.  For the most part food is very simple but prepared well. Burger was excellent.  I asked for medium rare and it was perfect. Cream of corn with coconut milk (or cream) soup is too rich.  Deviled eggs are not bad, but not everyone is fan of them, would be nice to have other options.  Only complain i have are deserts, way too simple.  Buttermilk ice cream was great, just very little portion, mostly cookies and brownies, not what you expect on desert menu. They had great biscuits but they were huge and loaded with butter, it would be nice to have wholegrain bread option as alternative.  Overall pretty good place.Incredibly fresh, beautifully simple, and flavorful food combinations. Hearthy and intimate setting with the most friendly and accommodating staff. Food is locally sourced and very ingeniously combined to make interesting flavor pallets. Carnivore, pesciterian, and vegetarian options abound!Supper is another one of those fancy brunch spots with a limited menu and high prices.  Overall the food was ok, but nothing too special... even the red velvet waffles which were decent but not to die for.  
I think the biggest problem was that in spite of sitting very close to the kitchen, our food came out cold.  I witnessed my $15 burger sitting there on the counter for over 5 minutes... no heat lamp... just getting cold.  Same with the red velvet waffles... cold and bland.  I get it that they like to wait for the food for the whole party, but better planning could have helped.
As for the service, our waiter seemed a bit lost, but he wasn't bad.  The rest of the servers were kind of giving us the glare as the clock ticked past 3PM.  I guess they close from 3-5.  
Either way, I didn't love it, and I probably won't go back.We  were looking forward to revisiting Supper ,we had a wonderful holiday dinner last year and expected to have a similar experience.....but it was clear that this was not to be! The food was salty and basically inedible, the rolls were stale, and the service was horrible. The wait staff was inexperienced and appeared to needing a bath. When we called the chef  to tell him about our experience he simply was not interested. Overall the experience and the food were horrible!!! PS we give this restaursnt 0 out of 5 stars but we had to select at least 1 star to have this review posted.Nicely decorated. Friendly service. Most everything I had for brunch was overcooked. Drinks were good. Basic overpriced brunch. Fixed price menu was 3/4 super sweet items - I'd like if they added a couple more savory choices.I went to Supper for a dinner date on Saturday night, and really enjoyed it. Good food and good service.
We ordered the smoked chicken wings as an appetizer, and they were amazing. Hot, tender, juicy chicken wings generously covered in a sweet glaze, but then coated with black pepper so there was a spicy kick cutting through the sweetness. 
At Supper, the server walks around with a large basket of bread and offers you selections from the various loaves they have. We tried the ciabatta and the garlic Italian. The ciabatta was good, but not extraordinary; the garlic Italian bread was amazing. Garlic cloves were baked right into the bread, imparting a strong flavor. The bread was warm and chewy, and a bit of butter complemented it perfectly. We requested more of the bread because it was soooo good. 
For entrees, I ordered the duck & waffles (Supper's signature dish) and my boyfriend ordered the Supper burger. The pecan sage waffle in my dish was unique, but I think they were a bit too heavy handed with the maple bourbon au jus, because my waffle was falling apart as it was so saturated in the au jus. The duck leg was tender and moist, and easily fell apart with minimal cutting. The skin was flavorful, but contained too much fat for my liking so I left it. The maple au jus imparted a nice sweet touch to the duck confit.
I didn't try much of the burger, but my boyfriend reported it was good, albeit a bit too tall (with everything piled on it) to eat properly. I did try the duck fat potato wedges served alongside the burger, which were really good - albeit a bit heavy on the salt.
We were tempted to order dessert, but ultimately decided we were too full. I would definitely go back - maybe for brunch!Went for brunch last weekend, the pumpkin pie french toast was delicious. BF got the the pancakes with bananas walnuts, pretzels, and vanilla suds, it was a little odd to see but it tasted divine! Overall a lovely experience, a nice crowd mix, not too crowded or loud. I would definitely eat there again.Supper has taunting me for over a year with every gratuitous stop in at Whole Foods, so I was excited to experience the farm to table cuisine with my coworkers. As proponents of the paleo lifestyle we're always looking for restaurants capable of accommodating our high standards. I was hoping Supper would be a go-to but I was somewhat let down overall.
 I'll start with the good. 
The place has good feng shui. It's a pleasing dining room with rustic yet artsy decor, and an upstairs I didn't even know about.
A member of our party was running late so three of us sat at the bar. The bartender was sweet and lovely and professional. She guided our drink selections and also chimed into conversation which I always welcome. The positive service experience ended there.
 We were seated by the hostess and the server followed to get a drink order. I don't recall an introduction, because I don't remember his name, but I do recall that he never smiled once or offered even the mildest of pleasantries. He just seemed pissy. He took the drink menu away after the first drink was ordered and then pulled the wine glasses immediately. Perhaps that's standard policy, but we were all drinking alcohol and 2 of us brought wine from the bar, so....seemed premature to me. Especially since we immediately asked for the wine list and ordered more wine. There were at least 2 occasions where I tried to ask him a question that he apparently couldn't hear (aghem, I've never been accused of being a low talker...) so rather than walk around the table to hear me better I ended up shouting at him. I was fully annoyed with him after All this and probably didn't hide it after 3 glasses of wine. He became somewhat less surly, but everything about his attitude came close to ruining the whole dinner for me. Thank god we were with friends having good conversation.
 It didn't help the experience for us that we were the last table left in the restaurant. We weren't seated until after 8:30 and I suppose it was around 10:15 when we realized the room was cleared out and the servers were mopping and convening at the bar waiting for us to wrap it up. We may have stayed for another drink but we felt like "those" people that servers hate and felt pretty uncomfortable. So we left!
As for the food, we ordered deviled eggs, the masa tamale fries, and duck fat fries for appetizers. For me, that was the culinary highlight. The eggs were inventive and delicious as everyone says and I could easily live off those for the rest of my days. The masa fries were a refreshing change of pace and flavor. The duck fat fries were tasty buy cut a little thick for my taste.
The carrot squash soup with candied ginger was not without flavor but it was really just ok. I've had much better in that category.
My husband and I both order the pan seared striped bass, unusual for us to order the same thing, and so did our friend. It was served over greens and fennel purée. The fish was cooked and plated perfectly but it just didn't taste like anything at all. Too bland even for bass.
Taking all things into account it was just a 3 star experience. I'm willing to give it another try When the menu changes, but if that aging blonde server who either hates his job or hates people is even in the restaurant, I'll probably turn around and walk out.
I'm so fascinated by this lack of social grace and appropriate service in a highly rated restaurant, or even any restaurant for that matter. I'm guessing the poor behavior is reinforced as patrons continue to tip well out of social pressure rather than insuring prompt service, as tipping was intended to promote..patrons like my friend and husband who split the bill in half and still tipped this guy 20%.
All I can say is I'm very vocal about this because it bothers me so much, but many people may not be and simply don't return to a place that made them feel uncomfortable. I dine out for the experience. If one server sours the experience, I will remember that more than the food even if it was good.Love the atmosphere and deviled eggs. Service was not so hot both times I have been there though and it wasn't busy.We just went to Supper for Restaurant Week and were really satisfied with our experience! To be honest, we were initially a bit reticent because of some mixed reviews here. However, we have no regrets with sticking it out and giving Supper a try. We felt strongly about offering a positive review since we really enjoyed the ambience, the service, and the food. We started with deviled eggs and hush puppies, then had fried brussels sprouts and farm greens and herbs salad, then had toasted barley risotto and confit stuffed breast of chicken. Finally, we finished with the dark chocolate pudding and the peanut butter pie with berry ice cream. We liked every course. The portions were generous, our server was great, and we were really happy that we chose Supper as our date night place for this round of Restaurant Week.I am going against the grain to say I was not a fan of the duck and waffles. I decided to be adventurous, but the maple syrup overpowered the duck, and it just too sweet for my liking. The duck was also a little on the dry end. The deviled eggs were good though. And my boyfriend loved Supper Burger...even the bun! He said all the flavors went together perfectly and he was savoring every bite.The dinners I've had at Supper have been good, but the brunches have been extremely disappointing. So disappointing that I wonder why I go back (probably because I avoid it for so long that I forget how terrible it is). Well this time I'm not forgetting. The dinners are good, don't get me wrong, but the carelessness and lack of heart of the brunch almost makes me not want to eat dinner there. By the way, this says nothing of the service, which is good.
But on to brunch. Every time I have visited it has been underwhelming, undersalted, and under-loved. On my last visit the choose-your-own frittata was less than great, flavored mainly by the potato and carmelized onion hash put on top of the frittata. Now, you might say it might be because of my choice of fillings, but I chose the carmelized onions and cheese - what wouuld it have tasted like if I hadn't chosen carmelized onions? Bland potato and cheese? Not to mention that the diced potato hash was deep fried. And the hush puppies we ordered were essentially tasteless balls of deep fried dough (i've had much better). If I wanted to eat deep fried everything I would have had french fries at McDonald's or started cooking like Paula Deen (who, let's face it, deep fries everything). And don't even get my started on Jen's "Old School" Breakfast Cereal Buffet, which is essentially a couple open boxes of cereal on an unadorned counter - for $7 you couldn't even pour it into a container? Maybe I'm being picky, but I have had enough of brunches that taste bad and rip you off. It's a wonder how the dinners are still ok. I would give it one star, but alas it would not be fair given the dinner. As a restaurant, you can't ignore your brunch patrons. if you're not going to care for them with quality, don't open for brunch at all.we went here for restaurant week. first, second and fourth courses were absolutely delicious. homemade pretzels, grilled pound cake were delicious. all around good food - some slight misses, hence the one star off, with the pot roast being a little dry and my husband thought one of the mushroom barley sides had too much of an earthy taste (described as brackish water...but i didn't think it was thaaaat bad). But so much was so good!My goodness, what a great meal. Skilled chefs in that kitchen, wow. Their deviled eggs are a signature piece and they are also know for their pastrami fried chicken. Wonderful staff and wide open kitchen.  Best seat in the house is by the kitchen where you get to watch the magic happen. I'm so coming back, and coming back with friends. Great job guys. Thank you!It took me WAY too long to finally dine at Supper, but I'm finally glad I did.
I'm not as into Restaurant Week as other folks, but when friend Lauren D mentioned she made rezzies here, I had to tag along.  I remembered how delicious the snacks were at a previous Yelp event here back in fall of '09, so I was pretty excited for dinner.
Supper stepped up their game for RW and offered a whopping four courses of brilliance.  With three choices for each course, I went with
1. cheddar and sage gougeres with bacon aioli
2. forest mushroom and goat cheese french dip
3. the root vegetable shepard's pie
4. plate of homemade cookies with chocolate egg cream (!!!)
Honestly....what can I say?  The entire experience, from start to finish, was absolutely flawless.  The food and the service was impeccable.  
Are you related to/date a picky eater, but want to take them somewhere classier than the neighborhood gastropub?  Do you know a shameless, self-professed "foodie"?  Supper should be your choice, and I can't wait to return.I have only been to Supper once but it was one of the best dining experiences I've had. I'm just waiting for a good excuse to go back.
The decor is pretty, interesting and comfortable, and the lighting is perfect. Service throughout the evening was flawless - our knowledgeable waiter seemed to have some sort of ESP that told him exactly when to be around, when to leave us alone, and what to bring before we even asked.
I really like trying lots of different flavors during a meal, so the small plates setup is great for me. Broccoli fritters (hold the bacon) were light and savory. The butternut squash soup gussied up with homemade marshmallow - dear god. Perhaps the best soup that has ever crossed my lips. 
There are no vegetarian entrees on the menu, but the chef used their seasonal ingredients to come up with a creative dish that fit in with the rest of the menu. Desserts - cake, homemade ice cream and some kind of tart were all present at our table - were uniformly excellent. 
The wine list is small but well thought out, and they have some interesting cocktails that reflect the fresh, inventive theme of the menu.Supper Benny. OMG. AMAZING. Chris was our server and he was great. I have never been here before, but after this brunch, I will have to try dinner.Best burger ever. However, they had a living social coupon, and I could not reach anybody to make the reservation  on the last day, and they did not call back after the fact to discuss how I can utilize the voucher. Very bad business demeanor, and of course I told everybody. Too bad. The one time I was there the food and wine were good as well as the service, and the prices acceptable for the quality.The service was great! The place was very beautiful, small but not to tight. Went on 1.27.15. Went there for  restaurant week. Will NOT be back! The food was awful EVERY dish, im sorry to say, even the salad had a gritty dirt taste to it. How can you mess up a salad, which I was offered when the waiter noticed i only had two spoons of the sweet potatoes soup. He was very nice and insisted that I have another dish even after i told him it's okay. I also had the salmon deviled eggs.......once again I thought i was playing ot safe but they were very bland.  My last dish was the catfish cakes that I honestly see someone else enjoying (I didnt) so i won't say they were awful, but i couldn't eat it. My dessert was the cranberry ???, which i did enjoy.OK, so we have been going here for years. We discovered it during Restaurant week, and have met family here and given gift cards for loved ones. It is so great. I love their Sunday brunch. It's atmosphere is great. The owners go around to meet you and are so friendly. It's a don't miss if you are in Philly!We were greeted immediately by a friendly hostess, and from there the server was on it and attentive. We had the chefs tasting and loved it!   The dinner rolls and maple butter were ridiculously good!  The wine list was interesting.  All ingredients were fresh. Top notch in every way, highly recommend!!!Hey Supper, if you're going to accept reservations through opentable.com then you can't also assume people are visiting your website. We made a NYE reservation for 4, including a toddler and a senior citizen, via opentable. The restaurant called the day before to confirm our reservation as usual. When I called them back to confirm they also insisted that I give them a credit card number "in case you're a no show."  She, "Jackie," was very stern about this point.  Nice attitude, eh? Customer service tip for Jackie: instead say, "in case you're unable to make it and don't let us know within X hours of your reservation time" rather than making up a policy on the spot as you go along and insulting your customer who was courteous enough to return your call immediately to confirm.
Shouldn't my return phone call AND my opentable reservation have been enough? Given that we do have a small child and an elderly person in our party I asked how much they'd charge if we were regrettably a "no show."  It was a whopping $25 per person. I didn't feel like arguing with Jackie's idiocy and accusatory tone so I went ahead and reluctantly gave her my credit card info. Made me want to cancel on principal as this policy wasn't stated up front either on opentable or in their initial phone call to me but I wanted to check with my family first.  My family agreed that it was rude and killed our Supper buzz.  We then checked their website to see if this policy is mentioned regarding NYE -- it isn't.  But also we learned from their site that they only have a special NYE pre fixe menu and not their usual menu. Fine, some restaurants do both on NYE but  this is not stated on opentable.com, nor is the credit card requirement. We canceled our reservation and chose a less hostile restaurant (Chima and Varalli were both still taking NYE reservations. Varalli also requires a credit card to confirm a reservation but it's made clear up front when going through opentable).
Lesson learned:  don't just book a place through opentable, it's not informative enough. Visit the restaurant's own website first.  
And if Supper wants to have draconian, arbitrary reservation policies that create hostility and mistrust with their customers before they've even walked in the door then they should at least state this up front. "We are a**holes about reservations" would be a nice way to word your disclaimer.  Maybe it can also be a two-way policy, like if I decide the meal didn't meet my expectations because the chef's talent was a "no show" I get a $25 per person discount on the bill. Whaddya say, 
Jackie?Supper is great for brunch and dinner. Very casual yet high quality ingredients. There is even an upstairs area that you can rent out. Right across from whole foods so parking is not a problemDelicious farm-to table fare with a hipster vibe. The red quinoa pilaf came piled with edamame and roasted vegetables; perfection. The wine selection was fantastic and the service prompt. Flavored deviled eggs was not something I'd seen before before; it was unique and pleasing to the palate. 
The only minor downsides were the hazlenut tiramisu was more like a bland cake with coffee icecream and the waiter inadvertently gave one dineer in our party minute piececs of bread. (She was offended thinking peerhaps the waister was hinting that she needed to go on a diet!)Went here for the first time for a dinner with my fiancé. It was trendy and quaint inside. We started with the deviled eggs, which good (some were tastier than others). Then I had the supper burger, which was quite tasty and the fries were delicious. The only thing that was "odd" was the pancetta which was a bit too crisp for my taste. Other than that, it was delicious. My fiancé had the duck and waffles. She enjoyed the waffles more than the duck. For dessert, we shared the spiced apple biscuit pudding with ginger ice cream. It was great, not too heavy but very delicious. The only thing is that I wish the ice cream had a little more ginger. The service was good, it was a slow Tuesday night. We will go back.Absolutely fabulous brunch today. Had the  skillet roasted mushroom toast and nothing like the name implies it would be but so delicious! Can't wait to go back for brunch -- but really need to try their dinner now too!I invited one of my closest friends to come visit me in Philly for the weekend. She had never been to this city, so I got to play tour guide and show her around Center City and experience quintessential Philadelphian things. About half of that tour consisted entirely of food (cheesesteaks being number one priority for her), and since I kept telling her how amazing the dining scene is around town we decided to meet up with two of her friends who were also living in Philly and go out to a nice dinner.
She gave me complete decision-making powers when it came to dinner, so I chose Supper because I had been dying to try it. Its right across the street from Whole Foods and Super Fresh, so I see it every time I go grocery shopping and that only made me more curious. Saturday evening came, and when we arrived for our 7pm reservations I was surprised to find the restaurant nearly empty. We sat down and our waiter explained to us the menu, which apparently is slightly deceptive in its description. The hors d'oeuvres are very small plates, shareable between two people, the appetizers are traditional appetizer sizes, as are the soups and salads, while the small plates are like small entree sizes and the large plates are entree size. Since it was our first time dining there, he proceeded to go through every section and described the best dishes in each. It was alot to process.
After information overload, we opted to share two hors d'oeuvres and each get our own plate. We ordered one plate of their pretzels with cheese dipping sauce, a house specialty that apparently is the most popular dish they have, and two plates of the crab latkes since the dish only comes with two. The pretzels were warm and soft, and the cheese sauce was creamy, rich, and oh-so-cheesy. Our waiter gave us extra multigrain bread because there was so much dip. The crab latkes were fantastic. They were crispy and a little salty, and came topped with a little crab meat and some mustard sauce.
We each ordered a small plate for our entrees, and incidentally chose one of each of their seafood dishes, which were highly recommended by our waiter. I ordered the chile crusted skate wing with tomato-crab salsa and jalapeno oil and I have to say it was my favorite dish of the evening. I initially was going to order their striped bass dish, but it was something I could probably make myself (maybe not as well, but close), so I opted for a fish I hadn't had in awhile and I am glad I did. The fish was cooked perfectly and was spicy in just the right way. The other girls loved their dishes as well, which included the sea bass entree, the sea scallops (2 of them) with edamame succotash, and the seared tuna deconstructed nicoise salad. 
The food was incredibly delicious, and the service was spectacular. We opted not to order dessert and told the waiter we were going to take our friend to try water ice; he came back moments later and told us where to find a nearby, authentic water ice place called John's. We followed his directions, which were spot on, and he was right about how incredible that water ice was. It was truly a wonderful dinner, I'm so glad that my friend was able to experience how amazing Philadelphia cuisine is. In fact, she now likes Philly a little more than New York (which is where we are both from)!Visiting from L.A., my wife and I used yelp to find this very fine restaurant. It was a little different (creative/=pricey) than we anticipated, but it surely did not disappoint. The service was instantly warm and friendyl. The menu of small dishes provided the opportunity to try many wonderful things.. And the waiter made a great recommendation of the duck toast (incredible!)... So go prepared to throwdown at least $150 for two if you want to do it right- as we did with the dense chocolate cake and a shared glass of scotch. A perfect way to end our week in Philly! Great neighborhood.. Great town.... Great meal!Oh my!  I just got back after eating here for restaurant week, and it was a friggin treat.  Not being able to afford to eat here on normal occasion, I decided to take advantage of this event, and it was to die for.  The service was excellent, and the food was intensely creative and cooked perfectly.  The skin on my chicken was so crispy, my god.  And by all means, the inside was so tender!   But who really wants to hear me talk about it, just go go go!I started with the Carrot Orange soup - delicious! Little bursts of ginger and orange, as well as the thin layer of toasted marshmallow (on the side of the bowl, so optional) really enhanced the soup.
My entree was the Boneless Lamb Shank which was also wonderful. It's not a light dish, but has tender meat and grains with great flavor balanced by some tasty vegetables.
So why only 3 stars?  As much as I loved my entree, the Day Boat Scallops were very disappointing. They were slightly fishy tasting and also were not cooked enough. I also sampled the Beets appetizer; while the onions had been nicely prepared, but I found the beets and walnuts unremarkable.My first experience at this american bistro was fabulous.  we were in the mood for a few tastes and light fare.  thankfully, the plates and flavors we found at Supper were perfect for our palates.  We started with the crab latke (which was amazing), followed that with pasta 1st and wrapped up the tasting with scallops ( perfectly done).  The staff was very attentive and I cannot wait to revisit .  Kudos to the chef/owner...If I could give less than one star, I would. We had a horrible experience at this restaurant. The service was abysmal. The coffee was ice cold and it took ten minutes to get creamer for it. The food was also cold. The meal tasted as though it was being prepared for someone else an hour before we got to the restaurant. When the owners were informed of the problems with the meal and service, the female owner was nice. The male owner (I am assuming the husband) was blasé and could not care less about the subpar service and food. He was all bad attitude without any concern for his customers.I want to give Supper more stars, but honestly, I am trying so hard to even remember what I ate the other night and here is why: portions are small. My friend and I order the Gazpacho Salad (a special item on the menu) and it was the smallest salad I have ever seen.  That was strike one.  Then, our entrees arrived. They were both small portions: catfish and hangar steak. Strike two.  Then, we decided to order a dessert to share: peach cake. Well, it was delicious - the cake part - but the peaches weren't even slightly ripe.  Strike three. What a bummer.  
The positive notes are that the cocktail that I ordered (I can't remember the name, but it had Makers Mark in it) was delicious and the waittress was a gem. Lovely atmosphere, too. Just plan on stopping for a cheeseburger somewhere after you leave.I came here for a friend's birthday during Center City Restaurant week. There are some good aspects which I will point out, but there are also some negative aspects that are worth mentioning. 
I'll start with the positives. First, I was pleasantly surprised walking in to see such a beautifully decorated restaurant. Right off the bat -- good ambiance? check. Because they had the restaurant week menu, I had the option of choosing course 1, 2, and dessert; therefore, I chose the deviled eggs, soup, crispy catfish, and butterscotch bread pudding. The main entree, the crispy catfish, was excellent. I loved the combo of the fish with grits and edamame. They topped it all of with some hot sauce which I thought added the kick it needed to hit it home. Dessert was very good too. I didn't care too much for the deviled eggs or the soup, though. Overall, the food belongs with the list of positives, and because a restaurant is mainly about the food, I've opted to give them four stars for that reason. Good food? -- check.
However, now on to the negatives. The waiter was a bit clumsy. I asked for his suggestions on drinks and his suggestions really didn't match his descriptions. Also, I don't think he was very quick to pick up on cues. He came over to our table to ask us if we needed a little too much initially and didn't come over when we needed him to. 
Anyway, I would come here again. Pricey but I think worth revisiting.After sampling the crab latkes at last weekend's Yelp event... I was hooked and wanted to go there for a full blown supper (although they also serve brunch and lunch).
The restaurant itself is very inviting.  The art deco chandeliers match the South Street vibe and the cool unpretentious modern space was both cool and comfortable.  The new American food was well thought out by chef Mitch (who was kind enough to greet all patrons while they dined).  Supper's twists on classic dishes nicely compliment the space.  Of note:
- Crab Latkes with a hint of lemon zest (light and refreshing)
- Boston Bibb salad complimented by thick cut bacon, marinated apples bits and a spicy ranch dressing (in a word excellent... order extra dressing)
- Creamy carrot soup (perfect consistency and the marshmallow smear covers dessert)
- Duck leg served with waffles and greens worked well but falls under the things that make you go hmm... category (the crispy duck was well seasoned and real maple syrup soaked waffles again covered dessert)
- Pork belly roll was the highlight of the evening (my Dad who doesn't really believe in vegetables ate every last bite of the accoutrements)
- Potato fingerlings friend in duck fat are worth ordering (accompanied by a mustard/mayo sauce... might also be good with the Bibb dressing)
Now for the but... the service was disappointing.  The wine isn't premeasured, so the pours varied greatly and the waiter dropping off our pate plate couldn't explain its contents and needed to "check with the kitchen."  Otherwise, the meal was good.  The prices are similar to P&K, but in my opinion the better food.  I will be back.This is prob one of the best date night places we've found in Philly so far. The decor is abs gorgeous (I'm a fan of more understated, comfortable decor vs crazy luxe) an the food was wonderful. I had the duck/waffles, which was super yummy. Hubby had the lamb while our friends had the duck/waffles and striped bass. I love that the flavors are clean and fresh; the chilled soup was also extremely good. Will def make another trip out here soon for a nice date night dinner.Fantastic brunch! As others have commented, portions are very large. Strongly encourage sharing the Banana Cream Pie French Toast with a large table of friends. It's SO good!! Dixie Biscuit was so good reminding somewhat of biscuit and gravy with the white grits being the gravy-esque.Visited Supper for the first time last night and had an enjoyable experience. Nothing out of this world and nothing I'd crave in the future, but all in all, a pretty good dining adventure. 
Here's the reason for my 3 stars. The place was empty, granted, it was a stifling hot 95 degree Thursday, but Supper is located right on South Street, where there's a constant influx of visitors. Not here. This led our service to be way too fast for my liking. We ordered 5 appetizers and one burger to share between the 2 of us. 
Not thinking that we'd need to stagger our order - we figured they'd get the idea and bring our dishes out one at a time, nicely spaced for our enjoyment - but they didn't. One after another, the hits kept coming, with barely one bite of the lobster rolls (delectable little items, creamy & chunky lobster salad perched atop a tiny deep fried bread boat) down before the homemade pretzels came out and then the crab latke (which is really just a latke, fried HARD with some lump crab meat on top) and less than a reach of a fork before the feta and herb stuffed peppers came out (definitely the winning dish, with home grown peppers from their farm in West Chester stuffed with aforementioned cheese and topped with a succulent roasted tomato, smoked paprika compote). 
Good appetizers, and the burger was average. The duck fat fried fingerling potatoes could have been quartered and not halved to produce a more crunchy vessel with which to scoop the truffle oil mayonnaise, but that's just my opinion. I'd consider Supper's menu to be comparable to Village Whiskey, but not quite to that level - yet... I'll also let it be known that I drank about 64 ounces of water upon my return home, signaling an all too salty meal!Love going here.  Whether its brunch, dinner, dessert, or just drinks. The food is great.  I love the deviled eggs, burger, chicken cracklin salad, and service. A personal favorite.Wow!  What a great find.  Really different menu, but something for everyone.  Highly recommend the burger, amazing!  Great food, service and Stumptown Coffee too!Underwhelming and overpriced. The interior is nice and I was really excited to try this place. Dishes are tasty but very small and overpriced. The place is loud which makes conversation difficult and detracts from the experience. Service a little slow and as others have mentioned seemed aloof. Will not be returning.We ordered Rabbit pot pie and a duck on waffle. The creativity was impressive but the dishes were both a bit over-salty for us.I have an excellent meal here. I went for Philly's restaurant week and got 4 courses all of which were really good.
On top of that, I got great service and the meal wasn't too expensive.Tried Supper tonight for the first time since we had a living social deal.  Food was very good for all 4 courses.  Portions were on the smaller side but everything was tasty.  Service was friendly and the décor is nice.  Great location.I heard great things about it a few months ago and was waiting for the opportunity to check it out.  We scored a table at the first Sunday Supper and were not disappointed.  I was't sure what to expect since it was only one seating and stated family style.  I have been to the Wednesday night chef's table (or whatever they call it) at Fork -- but this was like a regular dinner with all the parties seated individually, just with famliy style entrees.  The service was excellent!  I dont know if they had extra staff to ensure the evening went smoothly but they were great.  
We went with a 1/2 price wine selection for the evening but they offer free BYOB for the Sunday Supper too.  The space is really nice, modern touches but cozy.  The value was outstanding (probably more than their regular menu) and we walked with leftovers of all three entrees and were stuffed.  The food was delicious, very simple and unique.  We loved the cheesy polenta with wild mushroom ragout.  Its something I would NEVER order but was our hands down favorite dish.  
I believe that the Sunday Supper is an homage to homecooking and eating at your mom's house (if she had an interior decorator).  I believe it will be a monthly event and we will certainly be back.Supper is a trendy farm-to-table joint on South Street. Can't comment on dinner, but brunch was spectacular:
Highlights:
- Supper hot dog
- duck fat fries
- cereal buffet
- chilaquiles navidad
- hoboken benny
Supper dog was the higlight:  pork shoulder hot dog wrapped with bacon.Great food. Service was good, but the wait for dinner was little too long for my liking. Lemonade is tart not sweet.I have eaten here twice, and on both occasions the butternut squash soup with the cinnamon marshmallow swoop changed my life.  Upon consuming this autumnal confection for the first time, I had a vision of Jesus Christ tap-dancing in the Northern Lights.  The second time I saw the Dalai Lama doing the Macarena.  
The only way I can describe the decor is that it's the kind of place that Lily van der Woodsen would take Rufus Humphrey on a "friendly" weekday dinner.I came with a friend to Supper right as they were about to close; we just asked if they were open but didn't really expect them to say yes. The service was great, and didn't stop although we had come in so late, which I really appreciated.
The entire meal was great, and uniquely flavorful. Although the meal was a bit ago, I still remember the dishes: the Deviled Eggs, Smoked Sweet Potato Soup (is there anything better than a marshmellow in your soup?) and the banana bread pudding were all out of this world good. Realistically though, I don't think you could go wrong as nearly everything I tasted, I wanted more from. I would definitely recommend Supper if you're looking for a nice restaurant worth the money.Mitch & Jen are so welcoming. My husband & I really enjoy midweek dinners sitting at the bar. Always start with the signature deviled eggs. Good burger, good soups, fresh veggies from their farm, and Mitch works wonders with rabbit in the winter.Quirky and enjoyable eatery.  We had brunch and everyone in our party of 4 found something to like - a rarity among picky eaters.
We plan to revisit for dinner soon.  I suspect we'll up the rating to 5-stars.Went to Supper for brunch one Sunday. The food was good, not great, and I felt like it was overpriced. Not bad, but I doubt I'll want to go again.Good stuff! Whoever heard of a restaurant specializing in deviled eggs? Apparently they serve around four varieties out of 40 possible combinations each night. They are delicious. Had the garlic and capers/bacon versions on our night. Pumpkin soup, delicious, chicken wings appetizer, delicious, salad, delicious. Main courses of fancy southern style dishes of BBQ shrimp and grits, and fried chicken with collard greens and grits. Admittedly, the BBQ Shrimp I had at Emeril's Orlando last week were much better, but they weren't bad here. The fried chicken dark meat parts were good and thankfully outnumbered 2:1 the dry white meat piece that was served. Grits good in both dishes as was the collard greens served with the chicken.
Desserts: almond joy cake and bread pudding both served with a scoop of icecream were delicious.
We used a LivingSocial meal deal, but I would definitely go even without it. Might try Happy Hour specials too.This review is for brunch at Supper.
The Hanger Steak & Eggs was a strong dish with perfectly medium-rare steak to dip the the luscious egg yolk. 
Lamb Pastrami French Dip Sandwich came with duck fat fried fingerlings, which were super tasty.
Wanted to try their deviled eggs, but unfortunately they are not available for brunch :-(
Overall service was friendly and the food was good, but not as good as the meal I remember having at a private event held at Supper almost 2 yrs ago.I went to supper for Brunch last Sunday. What a waste of time and money. The service was horrific from start to finish. At one point I think she went home and came back. The menu was really lacking and I was looking for something different, so I ordered the Lamb French Dip. I took maybe one bite and didn't like it, so I just left it there. The server was non existent so she didn't even stop over to check on us. The food runner saw we finished and came to clear. I told her she could take my plate which still had a full sandwich on it. Hello? Shouldn't there be a lightbulb going off? I obviously didn't like the sandwich. The food runner did tell the server who reappeared and she did not offer anything else. She just brought the check. It took another twenty minutes to get that taken care of and they were extremely slow. The only positive thing I can say is the Belinis were good, but how could you screw that up? it's only peach puree and Persecco.It was snowing a few nights ago and we thought Supper would be a pretty place to eat since they have such huge windows.  Indeed, the view was the best part of the evening.  There were - literally - THREE tables with people eating, including us, and I'd say our server was completely unaware of us.  I don't think I've ever experienced someone so disconnected from his diners.  Anyway, the two of us started off with four apps, which we both agreed were terrific.  Gorgeously presented, flavorful...we couldn't wait for our entrees to arrive.  We should have left after the apps, because the entrees seemed like they came from a different restaurant....french fries that were uncooked -- sent them back (which I never/rarely do) and they came back, again, just uncooked.  Raw potato is not appealing.  The lamb meatballs were inedible.  So dry and with an acidic sauce that makes your stomach start to churn with the first bite...not in a good way.  Hamburger was flavorful but was just raw ground beef (medium rare should be a little cooked anyway).  When we were finally able to capture the attention of the server we tried to discreetly communicate the problems.  He told us it was "Greg the regular chef" in the kitchen and walked away in the middle of us talking to him and began screaming into the kitchen everything we had quietly said to him while he was walking toward the kitchen.  We were embarrassed.  He told us "The food will come off the bill," and we were in the middle of saying that wasn't necessary when he walked away from us again.  You know, if we had at least had a decent server the rest could have been ameliorated, but this guy was one of the worst waiters we've ever had.  It's too bad, because we live just blocks from the place and it would be nice if they could care about their patrons to the point you'd want to return.  But returning is not something we'll be doing, unless for apps and drinks at the bar.  When I saw the restaurant didn't allow diners to post reviews on Open Table, I should have followed my instincts and skipped this place (I've never seen a restaurant not allow reviews to be posted).  Now I understand.  But wouldn't it be a lot easier to fix these problems than trying to stop people from talking about the problems?The food here is superb; farm to table with a southern flair. No one in our party of six was disappointed with their dinner selections. We had the creative deviled eggs, foie gras. For dinner I had the shrimp and grits and for dessert, the sweet potatoe pie. The food was exceptionally authentic southern; as southern foodie, I should know. The service was extraordinary. We had large group at a late hour and our was server was nothing but nice. She told us to take our time and not rush anything.  I was pleased that Supper exceeded my expectations.A recent brunch visit has prompted an additional star.  I took out of town guests to Supper on Saturday for brunch.  I ordered the dixie biscuit:  two scrambled eggs, country ham and pimento cheese on cathead biscuit with white grits and pickles.  As someone who has to work really hard to remind myself to eat slowly, when I come across a dish that is so good I have to do nothing else but pause and savor, I take notice.  The Dixie Biscuit was just this dish.  I could not eat it slowly enough, not wanting to finish!!! 
I also loved the old school cereal buffet, with throwbacks like count chocula and booberries, how can you go wrong!New American food with local ingredients and a rustic twist. Although the food was tasty, it was a little too rich for me. Maybe it was just what we ordered, but everything (minus the salad) was either deep fried and/or loaded with cheese or mayo. Not cholesterol-friendly.. but don't get me wrong-- still very yummy. 
Very delicious dishes:
- Pretzels, accompanied by a smoked chile & beer fondue
- Mini Maine Lobster Rolls: fried bread topped with lobster and corn aoli
- Supper Burger: juicy and flavorful, comes with bacon, gruyere, caramelized onions, and tomato on a brioche bun, and served with duck fat fried fingerling potatoes on the side.
Less delicious dishes:
- I was told the Deviled Eggs were a must-try (after all, they did win the title of best bar snacks in the 'Best of Philly 2010' awards), which comes with 4 'flavors' that change daily- we had the classic, sriracha, crab & old bay, and black truffle. All were presented beautifully and tasted fine, but if you're ambivalent about deviled eggs to begin with, I don't think Supper will suddenly make you love them. 
- The Farm Greens and Herbs Salad was 'meh.' The cornbread pieces in it were tasty (these also happened to be fried), but that's about all that stood out in this dish.
Wonderful setting to dine, though, and our waiter was really friendly and laidback. The interior, which Supper describes as having an "urban farmhouse" vibe, is gorgeous and unpretentious. A really nice place... the food was just a little too indulgent for my taste.I was totally (pleasantly) surprised with my experience at Supper last night after hearing mixed reviews about it for awhile now. We were seated promptly and the waiter was informative and very nice. We started with the tamale fries and black eyed pea fritters. The tamale fries were awesome. Then for the entree my husband had the braised beed with beets (also awesome) and I had the duck and waffles...."duck and waffles?!," you say? YES! DUCK AND WAFFLES. It was the perfect balance of sweet mapley goodness and salty crispy duck. Breakfast for dinner, but not in the really poverty stricken way I did in college. 
Bottom Line: I will say it again...duck and waffles. Go enjoy your super supper at Supper.My friends and I came here last week and were disgusted by what we noticed in the kitchen.  I normally don't use Yelp, but I created an account specifically to warn people against this restaurant.  
One of the chefs kept tasting the food and then using the same spoon to put it on our plates! He continued to do so without hesitation. Why would they have an open kitchen if they knowingly taint each dish with spit! This is a huge sanitary no no. 
Not to mention, the food was completely overpriced for what it was. They seem to overload the dishes with garnish to hide the fact that the portions are small and overpriced. I had the scallops...meh.I found Supper by doing a Google search...sorry, Yelp, but I'm an out-of-towner.  Navigating a list of 4-star restaurants to pick THE 4-star restaurant is complicated.  I went with my boyfriend for his 30th birthday; he's really into farm-to-table food, and I found an article about the relationship between the restaurant and their affiliated farm.  I made the reservation.
It's a quaint place, almost like an elegant farmhouse.  We had drinks; I had some mixed thing in a difficult-to-maneuver martini glass, and he had a bourbon.  The server was very nice in helping us out, coming back multiple times as we worked our way through reading the menu and the wine list.  The server and the host remembered that it was my boyfriend's birthday, and even put a candle in his dessert.
The menu isn't too long, and everything has enough of a quirk to make it interesting.  With the exception of the duck and waffle dish, though, nothing stretches the imagination that much. However, I would highly recommend the deviled eggs for an appetizer.  I did look at Yelp to see the reviews and, despite the fact that I don't usually like deviled eggs, enough people recommended them that I ordered.  They were phenomenal.  Definitely invest in them.
Overall, I liked the place.  A few things nagged at me, though.  The owner was out in the restaurant during service in a t-shirt and shorts.  I paid quite a bit of money there; sure, it's not exactly Alinea, but it's nice enough that his attire needed to stay in the kitchen. (/snob) 
Second, and this is probably unfair, it wasn't exactly what I was picturing.  We have a place in Baltimore, Woodberry Kitchen, where the chef sources all of the food locally.  I had a Bloody Mary there once that used organic vodka, where the only thing made without regard to the environment was a beer.  That's my expectation when I go to one of these farm-to-table places; I want an obsessed chef overseeing everything.  It doesn't happen at this place. But, putting those unrealistic expectations aside, it was a great meal, one I would gladly repeat.