We are visiting in Philadelphia from California.  My son took us here for our 28 year wedding anniversary. All the food was delicious and the service was great! Everyone that worked there seemed happy to be there and we're extremely friendly! The pita bread was baked to order and served directly from the oven to the table and was by far, the best I'd had. The hummus, tabbouleh and marinated veggies were all Amazing! The grilled mixed mushrooms and lamb sausage were so flavorful! We didn't have anything that wasn't delicious! If I ever come back to Philly,  I would definitely go back to this place! SO GOOD!!Delicious food ! I personally loved it !!!
I was surprised to see 3-star  reviews here but when I read it I understood the reason . Everyone loved the place, the food but the prices. Let me tell you something. If I don't want to spend $200 for dinner I don't go to Barkley Prime! If I want to get a good quality lunch I don't expect it to be less than $25. Unfortunately life is expensive here in Philadelphia, especially for people with good tastes.  And yes you have to pay $$$ for a good quality meals. So If you are aware of that I'm sure you will totally enjoy SURAYABeautiful place. Excellent food. I only gave it a 2 because they gouge you on the drinks. My manhattan was $16. A very small glass of house wine was $11.50. There is no justification for that. We eat out often in good restaurants. This is the only place that gouges you on the drinks.
I got the halibut. It was delicious but quite small with nothing on the side.It's extremely overpriced, and the sandwiches are a joke. I love Mediterranean cuisine but this is one of the worst i had. In a city with so many places to eat, i'd expect they would try harder.
Service is excellent, though. And the place is really niceInstagram worthy and Claire is an amazing server! 
Suraya is super beautiful guys. Nice open space, ceramic tiles, and orange infused water. You enter straight into their bakery/cafe where you can order and sit or you can walk past a little and be seated in their restaurant. I recommend making a reservation because it can get pretty crowded. After a 10 min wait my party of 4 were seated straight away. Their booths are super comfy and bouncy! 
Claire came to us shortly after and was super knowledgeable about the menu and helped us navigate for one of our party members who has an allergy. I started with the chai tea latte- so delicious. Then got a kefta platter. Once the food came out I realized it was the kefta sandwich but Claire and the manager figured everything out straight away and fixed my order (thanks guys!). The kefta was super moist, the hummus was A1 and their fries were seasoned to the max. Though I think their tabouli could have more lemon- just my preference though. Afterwards I finished with a rose and pistachio cruller which was so light and airy. Y'all gotta try it. 
If visiting philly again I would definitely come back to Suraya.Great food ! Great customer service ! Amazing coffee!!! Great for business meeting , brunch with friends , romantic dinner and breakfast with a big family alike .  Very spacious , clean and welcoming !This is definitely the best breakfast place in Philly. İf you bored for classic breakfast routine you should definitely come and visit this place for unique taste super fast service, delicious coffee and friendly environment. Highly recommend it for this place for breakfast lunch or brunch. It's not like a regular classic American breakfast. It's a little expensive but it's worth every penny. Come on in and enjoy middle eastern hospitality.The ambience and food are great. I enjoyed the old village Lebanese style architecture. The food was on the expensive side but definitely well worth it for the quality. I highly recommend the home made drinks especially the homemade jallab. I'm looking forward for the restaurant to openThe space is gorgeous. I can't wait until it warms up and we can hang out in the courtyard. Beautiful moorish design throughout. We had the man'oushe with za'atar and cheese which was one of the staff's favorite as well. They are about 10" so enough for one person. It was full of flavor and very filling. I was satisfied with just this and a chai latte. It was pricy. 2 man'oushes and 2 coffees ran us $30. Unfortunately it's too expensive to frequent regularly, but we will definitely be back for a special treat. I can't wait to try their dinner service when it begins, and definitely  want to go back for the pastries!i had high expectations of suraya, and i'm happy to report that they were met. we were able to find a reservation on short notice, and were seating within ten minutes of arriving. the ambiance is lovely, with dim lighting and sections that look like tents in the desert. 
the menu was divided into small plates & larger plates to share. we got the fattouch salad, crispy potatoes, and the fatteh. everything was delicious, but the fatteh provided a flavor profile unlike anything i've tried before. it. was. delicious. 
we also had two different kinds of lamb, and topped off the evening with espresso. the bill came out to about $100--not bad for a celebratory dinner at a brand new restaurant. the service was great--attentive, but not *too* attentive. i'm a big fan of suraya, and i'll definitely return!I came here for brunch and now cannot wait to come back for dinner.  The space is huge and very well appointed and beautifully decorated.  We split a pastry and shared an appetizer of the classic hummus to start.  The hummus was the best I have ever had-smooth, creamy, and perfect flavor.  The waitress quickly offered us more pita which is a nice touch.  We both had a Lebanese flatbread, the Cheese, tomato, long hot, parsley and the  lamb bi-ajeen with egg.  Both were flavorful and perfect.  Cannot wait to come back now that the garden space is open.  BONUS: If you don'd feel like dining in, there is a small market cafe in the front.  We both got items to go!This place is fantastic! Top notch, couldn't find a thing to complain about if I tried.  We sat in the back yard/ garden.  It was like stepping into a Mediterranean/ middle eastern garden.  We were actually supposed to head in for dinner but just couldn't leave the beauty of that garden.  
Drinks: extremely unique.  We tried "the poet" but there were a bunch of awesome craft cocktails plus a full bar.  
Food: delicious!  You don't get access to the full menu in the yard but the stuff that we did have access to was amazing.  
Service: excellent bar, waiter and support/ management.  Really made us feel at home.  
* note: we went without our kids.  Changing tables and children friendly bathrooms were not assessed! We'll see if there a deal breaker here....My husband and I had an amazing dinner at Suraya! I was happy to get a table on a Saturday night after reading about it in Bon Appetit. The restaurant is bigger than I expected -- it is hip and modern, with a relaxed vibe. We loved all the food -- from the Muhammara to the Lebanese Chai Latte, every bite was delicious. The fresh-from-the-oven pitas are unbelievable. Our server made great suggestions about how much to order and how to pace the courses -- we had 3 mezzas, 2 entrees and more pitas than I want to admit. I only wish we'd had room for dessert! Overall, an excellent experience!Spendy.. maybe a bit too spendy for everyday eats.
But the fresh out of the oven pita, dry aged ribeye, and the fatteh were something special. Definitely give it a try!Came back home to visit some family and friends in the philly area and a friend recommended this place to me. At first I was hesitant to go because I heard it just opened and thought they would be understaff or have low quality service but I was completely wrong! As soon as I walked in, someone by the name of Najette greeted me at the door with a warm smile, and asked me about my day before inquiring about what I would like to eat. Although, it was a small moment, it left a big impact on me. Most businesses you walk into don't care about there customers on that level. But wait it gets better.. I sat down and placed my order: 
- Chicken sandwich BJ 
- Kafta kabob 
- Mezze plate
- Man'ousha flat bread 
Everything tasted AMAZING!! During my meal the manager (or owner) Greg came by my table to inquire about my experience and asked if I needed any extra pitas. My expectations were completely blown away!! I would highly recommend this to anyone!! I can't wait to come back!The food was absolutely amazing, which is enough reason to go back again and again.  
The Hummous was great, but the one starter we had was awesome; Fatar Meshwi (grilled wild mushrooms). I'm pretty sure I could eat that every day.  We also got two outstanding mains, the Kawarma (Lamb) and the Prawns.  My wife and basically fought to the death over each bite.  I can't say enough about the food, delicious.
Unfortunately there were a few negatives.  Not that it's a bad thing for everybody, but felt a bit too hip or New York for us.  But that's just a personal preference.  We're more salt of the earth Philly.  There was also the bar area, which we were told does not allow standing room.  They basically move you to an area to enjoy cocktails and the bar is only populate by those sitting there.  I like the idea of it, but the practice didn't hold.  My wife and I were sat at a two top along the path to the bar, and a large group was allowed to stand there and get after it during our entire meal.  We had someone's butt in our face throughout the meal.  I'm not sure why, but the rule seems to apply to some but not others, pretty frustrating.
All in all, the food heavily outweighs any of the negatives and I strongly recommend you give it a chance.Certainly one of the most amazing Middle Eastern cuisines I've ever been to in my life. The place is well-rounded from every aspect, the food is incredibly amazing with all the Middle Eastern spices / tastes in all the different menu items I tried. They have delicious mana2eesh, incredible kofta and very yummy hummus with lamb meat. The interior is very intelligently designed, combining both Middle Eastern classic ancient designs blending perfectly with modernization. I guarantee you will never regret being there.Unbelievably beautiful and a great experience! 
My wife and I walked by many times as it was being constructed and were curious what it would be. When we learned it was going to be a Lebanese / Middle Eastern restaurant we were beyond excited. 
We had high expectations for this place. 
When we walked in for the first time, you can't help but be struck by the precision of decor. Beautiful tiling, authentic shapes and colors fill the walls and even the booths have tapestry-like patterns. 
Then, the food. Their hummus is excellent. The freshly made pita is even better. I love the falafel sandwich. With recently introducing dinner service, we went the week it opened and had yet another great experience. There isn't anything bad on the menu. 
If you like middle eastern food, a beautiful ambience and friendly waitstaff, then you should go here!This place was amazing from start to finish. First it was easy to make a reservation online, then we arrive and the restaurant is gorgeous. Everything made you as the diner feel transported to a different area, including the music playing softly in the background.
Then we are seated and our waiter was wonderful. He was continuously attentive and had great suggestions on what to order. We decided to split 5 mezza between the two of us. We tried the hummous, taboule, fatteh, fried kibbeh and the batata harra. Everything was great, but the fatteh was beyond wonderful. It was so good that we almost got one for dessert - but we were filled by the end of the meal. I will definitely be returning soon, thanks for a wonderful meal!Theres three different sections to this place: a pastry section with tables, a restaurant portion, and all the way to the back is an indoor fireplace seating area (where I'm currently writing this review). I came here around 3:00 pm where I ordered some pastries and a sandwich to snack on. I would highly recommend their Flan Patissier ($3.5) and Kafta Kabab ($12). You can tell their pastries are skillfully made by the amount of layering in their crust. It makes the outer layer of the flan crispy and very fluffy. The inner flan filling was delicious, not overly sweet and had a natural subtle taste of lemon to it. I only wish I ordered tea or coffee to go with it. The kabab wrap consisted of a juicy kabob w/ herbs, long strip of fries, hummus, red onions, and some other greens. One of the best wraps I've ever had. 
All in all I'd say this place is seriously a hidden gem for authentic Middle Eastern food. I always wonder why center city can't have more places like this. I'll definitely be coming back for dinner or just to try out more of their pastries.Space / service / ambiance: 5/5
Food: 4/5
Solid spot but didn't quite live up to the reviews. Awesome restaurant - great for drinks, food or dates. However, the food here is above average rather than anything special to write home about.I'm calling this place the "La Colombe" of hummus. Like LC, this place takes you on a culinary tour of Lebanon and Turkey. The flavors are beyond fresh and unique. They're totally in a league of their own! 
The menu is slightly overwhelming, so I defaulted to the original hummus and green salad. The original hummus is soft and nutty just like Zahav/Dizengoff (sorry to pull so many restaurants into this, but I think alluding to them shows the high standard of quality Suraya meets). I blame that on the tehina, Soom Foods. It is served with a pita, fresh from the oven, and it's soft and airy with a subtle crust. The green salad included gem lettuce, raw fennel, watermelon radishes, a soft-boiled egg, yogurt dressing, and pita chips. The flavor profile was satisfying. The meal overall was light, filling, and nourishing! 
I went back for seconds the week after. Opted for the baba ganoush, pita, and the rest of the party got the gravlax. Overall, everyone was satisfied. While the ganoush was tasty, I think I'll stick to the hummus. I appreciate that particular spread much more.  
Again, service and atmosphere were 10/10!Suraya was beautiful. All the colors, decor, and space was amazing. There's a cafe section and a dining section as you walk in further. My friend and I were looking for a place to eat a quick breakfast and work through lunch. We came upon Suraya and it was a wonderful experience. I don't think I would ever say this because I am not much of a sweets person, but their rose and pistachio cruller is probably the best pastry I have ever had in my life. My mouth is still watering thinking about it since I had it five days ago on a trip to Philly. The staff and servers were all great. One of them was so attentive and made sure to clear our plates and refill our water. We then moved over to the dining area for lunch and we ordered the braised lamb hummus, a beef/tomato flatbread, and a chicken sandwich. The fries were phenomenal and we really loved the braised lamb hummus. The flatbread was good, but nothing out of the ordinary. 
I'd definitely come back to Suraya, just for that cruller...The Yelp reviews led me here and was not disappointed. Elegant, comfortably atmosphere, friendly staff. I ordered the eclat chocolate, delicious. Very fresh ingredients which makes eating a pleasure. I also started to order coffee and then when looking up at the menu, noticed the chai latte and changed my mind. Again, not disappointed. Fresh ingredients made with attention to detail. I will return when in the area.Great atmosphere warm with rustic decor, excellent service, excellent food, drinks, pastry , tea variety and Coffe so well rounded on all front. Had fun meal with friends, and Will be back again and againAmazing food! Celebrated my birthday here with a big group of friends and we tried 90% of the menu. It was all great but don't miss: baba ganoush, samke nayyeh (yellowtail), Batata Harrah (potatoes, get 2 orders--they're that good), the kawarma and prawns. The Lebanese white wine we had was wonderful too, crisp and refreshing.What's not to love. The food. The decor. The plates and cups. The service. The chickpea hummus was fantastic and comes with pita. The rose latte was fabulous.Yup, its gorgeous. This place is going to be the next darling of Fishtown. Tried a zatar labne flatbread and was really impressed with the texture. Had a pretty decent and certainly visually pleasing gingery cocktail. The place was already buzzing with people in its first week- when it opens with a full menu AND opens the courtyard, seats will be hard to come by.Lives up to the hype! I got a manoushe(Lebanese flat bread) w/ onions, tomatoes and a fried egg. At first I was concerned I didn't get cheese but it didn't need it at all. The flavors were impeccable. The space is bigger than expected. The ambiance is trendy but cozy. Will def be a regular stop!Beautiful space and great food. The cafe offerings such as coffee and pastries are great, and all the food we've had there are too.The establishment is bright and colorful, but walking in and figuring out how to order is a tad confusing. There are no directions and the people in line are just as confused when asked about the process. So, we just fell in line like everyone else. A gentleman who seemed like the host (unsure) was walking back and forth greeting and taking guests' jackets to reserve their table. He addressed everyone in line except our group of three (we gave him the benefit of the doubt that he was just overwhelmed). When we were able to grab his attention, he asked how many we had and let us know he'll be right back. By the time we arrived at the counter and completed our order, we were still unsure of where to sit and just stood around for a few minutes waiting. The host passed by a few times and sat other groups ranging from 2-4 people. Once we were able to grab his attention again, he just told us he'll be right with us while walking away. When he did come back to us, he asked again how many we had and if he took our jackets (we were still wearing our jackets).  
I have no qualms with the food, drinks, and the young lady taking our order at the counter; they were perfect. The only thing that put a damper on our mood was the service from the host. Compared to how the host was interacting with the other guests, we felt we were being treated rudely. We were not greeted or addressed when we came in and brushed aside when we finally gained his attention again. Also, as guests were leaving, the host said his farewells to them (heard and saw everything as we were sitting near the ordering counter). When we got up to leave, the host happened to pass by, not a word. I even made eye contact, had a smile on my face and said, "have a good one!" first.  He continued to walk by without responding.
I was so excited to try this place because everything on their Instagram looked awesome, but when the first impression from the FOH team is not a good one, it changes the whole experience and makes me hesitant to come back.Today was my first time here and I absolutely loved it. 
It was a 45 minute wait but the waiting area is really cool. It was a comfortable wait that didn't include standing awkwardly in the way of the servers. I think this place really benefits from having so much extra space. The decor was really cool. 
So our party was three. So we three decided to try a bunch of things on the menu. Everything from mushroom hummus, yogurt, to the falafel. Then we got seconds. 
We spent a good amount for three people but it was money well spent. I don't regret it and I'm eager to go back and try dinner sometime soon.
P.S. don't leave without trying the French fries!My friend recommended we check this place out for brunch, since it's new, the menu sounded delicious, and the owners have an impressive pedigree.  It did not disappoint!  The mimosa and bloody mary were outstanding, as was my meal of the Lebanese omelette and citrus yogurt.  It's only open for brunch now (dinner to follow sometime this Spring), but it was an open, bustling, and welcoming atmosphere, with a friendly and attentive staff.  Can't wait to go back!Pretty good kafta, babaganoush, and maneesh w. Zaatar. Nice to have somewhere local serving good food !Went for breakfast / brunch. Pros. Amazing ambiance, decor, and set up. 5 stars for that. I've been to Lebanese restaurants all over the country and they hit it out of the park when it comes to the decor, but unfortunately it ends there. 
Cons. As has been highlighted by other users, Value - 8 bucks for a mannouchee with cheese and a sprinkle of zaatar... let's get real... and please don't eat it with a fork and knife, fold it in half and bite into it the way it was meant to be eaten. Lebanese omelette was great but not 14 dollars great.
Glad I tried it but not worth the visit if don't happen to be in fishtown for whatever reason, especially if you're driving in (parking issues)Beautiful restaurant! Delicious food! Totally enjoyed the experience! The ground lamb kabab was excellent. Lots of lemon. Perfect Lebanese experience!Finally got to stop in Suraya.  I had a hard time deciding if I should go for brunch or dinner. Brunch this time but definitely need to go back for dinner in the near future! Brunch on Saturday and Sunday is table service unlike during the week when it's counter service for breakfast and lunch. There are no reservations for weekend brunch but there are for dinner. We had to wait about 15 minutes but not too bad. 
The place is beautiful and very spacious. We talked to someone behind the counter that gave us some helpful information about the menu items while we waited. If you are interested in trying the pastries and the very popular rose pistachio cruller, get a pastry basket... they set a certain amount of the crullers  aside to include in these baskets.  Also at around 1 on Sunday the pastry baskets were running low.  So go early for best selection of pastries. Try them!  Order the varieties and take them to go! 
In addition I got a falafel platter. This included spicy fries, hummus, pita, and tabouleh.  Everything was delicious. The tehina yogurt was also very tasty. Leftovers were yummy for dinner. Oh and I rarely get specialty drinks while out but the clementine ginger soda was sooo good! 
Staff was great and personable.  Our server was cheerful and fun. Great way to end the weekend, Brunch at Suraya on Sunday!This was my first time to Suraya and it did not disappoint! I went with a group for brunch and we loved everything about it. The market at the front is super cute and a great place to look around while waiting for a table or your reservation. The decor from the mugs and plates to the wall decor was super cute! 
Now for the food, it was all great. We all had coffee and a cortado. The cortado could have been hotter, but it was still delicious. We started with the Za'atar, Labne, Olive, Cucumber, Tomato, Mint which came out rolled up like a burrito. Delicious! Next, we had the babba ganoush and slow-roasted Lamb hummus which both came with pita on the side. We finished off with the gravlax, which was the tables favorite dish. Overall, the food was amazing and I cannot wait to return to try more!This is easily my new favorite restaurant in Philadelphia. Not only is the space absolutely breathtaking (& I can't wait to return when the courtyard opens),  the food is spectacular and the wine list amazing. They have Middle Eastern wines that are exquisite and difficult to find anywhere else. Was happy to spend my birthday here are this year!Took my mom here today for Mother's Day brunch and I loved it! I will definitely be back! Pleasant people wonder food and a great atmosphere!!!!!!!Are we really on Frankford Avenue!? This place is amazing. I was dumbfounded when I walked into this beautiful and inviting space. I ordered a traditional Lebanese flat bread with an egg on top, over medium. Absolutely delicious!!  I spoke with one of the owners and I am excited to return to try the diner menu. There is an amazing outdoor space that being completed now, with a bar and seating.  What!!!? Love it. Folks for real. You have to see this space. The lunch menu is perfect and not overpriced. Coffee is on point, fresh and hot!  I think I found a Homerun!!Do you want to impress some out of town guests with your super hip vibe?  This is the place for you.  Also, the waitstaff are amazingly attractive. All of them.  Even the chef was a bespeckled, handsome culinary magazine model, with that touch of wisdom-added gray flecks. 
     You'll also be paying $22 for a small sandwich that is filled with a little bit of chicken but mostly french fries.  Did you want a side of hummus? Not possible. Did you want a side of falafel? Not possible.  But you can spend $18 for a plate that has some of what you wanted.  
       We had the chicken sandwich and beet salad with falafel. The falafel was definitely the best part.  The fries LOOK good, and taste lemony but all the food desperately needed salt to make the other spices come out. 
       Dress in your hippest sideburns and tattoos and make a reservation, you'll be all set.  If you want better food and don't need the price or the atmosphere, tried Saad's in West Philly.Hummus is not good as expected, but Lamb Kabab and cheese Mano'ushe were delicious and taste well.Great coffee, wonderful pastries and very spacious/ beautiful interior. I went here with my 7 month old and found it to be comfortable and very baby/stroller-friendly: there are no steps at the entrance, ramps to seating area in back, a nice changing station in the accessible bathroom stall, and high chairs available. It's great to have another kid-friendly establishment that caters to a more adult palate
The kouign amann ("queen ahm on") was absolutely divine- a sweet croissant-like pastry (not exactly a 'cronut') with a thin, but perfectly balanced crunchy caramel exterior. We also loved the pistachio ma'amoul, which I will certainly return for. The Man'oushe (flatbread) with egg (or whatever else you want to have with it, really) was a nice, affordable and surprisingly filling breakfast.
I look forward to returning in the spring and summer months- the outdoor seating area looks like it will be wonderful. This is a great addition to Fishtown.Finally had a chance to come here for brunch after much anticipation. Suraya blew us out of the water! The inside is massive and beautifully decorated. It looks like there is a beautiful and large outdoor area with  which has yet to open which will be amazing come summer. Service was great, our waiter was friendly and helpful.
The highlights of our meal were the mushroom hummus and the "Gravlax." The mushroom hummus was sooooo incredibly umami. My boyfriend thinks it is better than Zahav's hummus--I think it is on par but the two are definitely different. The Gravlax was literally heaven on a plate. Finely sliced salmon on Lebanese flat bread  topped with trout roe and amazing olive oil--it managed to be light and fresh and decadent at the same time. It is the sophisticated cousin of lox and  cream cheese on a bagel.
I'm super stoked to come back here when it opens for dinner service this spring! Suraya is sure to impress.Pro: 
- decent food
- busy, buzzy atmosphere
Con:
- on the loud side
- service (10pm reservation on a Friday; still waited 30 min for table. No comp drink, no apology even)
- cocktails were somewhat unsatisfying
In sum, a decent albeit unspectacular option along Frankford, much like Root up the block (same people). I suspect the place has jumped the shark; recent popularity translating into poor service. I recommend avoiding for dinner, and maybe just avoiding for the next couple months.Wife and I made reservations for dinner with friends and this place was great. I won't list endless details about what we ordered. You can see from other reviews that pretty much everything is good. I'm very pleased that my 'hood has yet another "wow" restaurant (i.e Wm. Mulherin's).Delicious Lebanese food. Perfect addition to the neighborhood. They have tons of space, a full bar, and super friendly staff. The food is out of this world. The hummus, especially the mushroom hummus, is so good. THe flatbreads are great too as is the lamb and the falafel. If you like Lebanese food this is a cant miss spot.The restaurant is very nice but the food is mediocre. It tastes ok at best. I walked in thinking it was going to be a really good meal L and left disappointed. We definatelt won't be going back.Stopped in last night for a quick dinner at the bar and had the most incredible dinner I've had in Philly in the last year.  Magical and still thinking about it the next morning.  The lebna and taboule, chicken and shrimp were off the charts.  We were too full for dessert, but took home the insanely good cardamon "Kouign Amann" which I'm now having with my coffee.  Can't wait to go back again to try the grilled fish dish that I saw pass by.If I could go here everyday I would! Ambiance, friendly service, delicious Chai tea and food, cute café, lovely décor. If you haven't made your way here yet, "chop chop"!I've been a few times now.  I like their food.  So good to have a selection of places now serving manakeesh in the city. This place is pricey but the food is good quality.I can see why this restaurant is in the top 50 of new restaurants in America. The food was spot on and our server Laura was great. She knew about the various dishes on the menu and could also pronounce each dish correctly. The decor and atmosphere is also pristine.
I hope to come back before the season changes to enjoy their open air space.Awesome for Philly to have such a delicious and modern 
 Lebanese spot! Restaurant and outdoor garden coming in March. We came from center city to check it out for sunday brunch. Such a warm, welcoming, authentic atmosphere. We sat at the bar and watched them make our food - mezze plate, lahm biajin (with egg and chili), and side of fries - which was all phenomenal. Fresh and beautifully prepared, you can tell the kitchen takes great pride in their work.
My only hang up (I wanted to give 4 stars for this but the food and atmosphere is too food) is that you have to go back and wait in a long line to order a second round of drinks ! Wish that you could order from the bar instead. In any case, amazing experience, highly recommend !Rarely will you find a restaurant that would serve both an intimate date as well as a giant family affair - my visit was in the latter but it was easy to order a round of dishes family style and allow the entire 10 person party to enjoy everything this incredible restaurant has to offer. I hope to come back one day to enjoy their brunch as it seems everyone raves about it. Their front area with the pastries and cafe is adorable as well. Both a tasty dining experience, and a beautiful place to visit!SO YUMMY. Really you can't go wrong - snacks, dinner, brunch. The owners and staff are incredibly accommodating and kind. And you have to pick up some of the incredible desserts.suraya. you have me for LIFE. i'm just gonna say it. this was better than my zahav experiences. don't get me wrong, zahav is amazing but damn this place is better. make a reservation way ahead. get all your baked goods before 10:30 am. i've eaten probably a little less than 2/3 of the items off of their menu and i have not one complaint! meats are fragrant and juicy pastries aren't bogged down with heavy syrups or sugar...like you know and feel like your eating quality ingredients in everything.
just kidding i have one complaint. open your patio asapThe atmosphere and decor was very simple and beautiful, open and airy restaurant with a very nice outdoor setup. The food didn't take long, and the service was great. At one point we asked if we could get one of the wraps cut into several pieces and manager came to our table to suggest other options - we got a deconstructed beef kofta wrap and were able to make mini pitas ourselves.
True to Lebanese culture, everything is sharing-style plates. Ordered the Lahim bi ajin man'oushe, beet salad, lamb hummus, shish tawook, baba ghanoush, and beef kofta wrap. All were good, but compared to their other restaurant (Cafe la Maude) it fell a little short. And.. The bakery section was basically out of everything BUT we got the last rose and pistachio cruller and it was insanely goodAtmosphere is so cute here! All the food and drinks are phenomenal. I debated between 4 and 5 stars. The first two times I went it was really a wonderful experience. The food was out of this world, it's gorgeous, and the staff was great.  
It's gotten insanely crowded and harder to get a table which is a bummer. Also when I've called to get tables, they've been surprisingly rude. But that could just be a fluke so I'm giving them a five because honestly every thing on the menu is amazing. 
Small parking lot (free) across the street. Update: apparently they're building something there now so no more lot.A French fry lovers paradise where your sandwich has fries packed inside and then served with another side of fires. Think a Lebanese Primanti Brothers.Absolutely beautiful interior. I cannot wait for the outdoor patio to open in the nicer weather, which I heard would be a beer garden.
I've only eaten the pastries and hummous but I'm looking forward to going back for the market items. While waiting on line, a nice woman in front of me recommended the chai latte and I can't imagine drinking anything else. It's a gorgeous drink with a lovely taste. The jalousie and cruller were gobbled up.
We're really looking forward to when they extend hoursSuraya is a beautiful space and has an incredibly delicious menu. I have come here so many times and found it suitable for a gorgeous brunch spot on weekends, casual work & coffee nook, quick lunch break, and a sophisticated dinner location. 
Not only is the interior beautiful, but the food is amazing! I especially love their weekend brunch menu! Some of their must-try's are the lebanese chai latte, FRENCH FRIES, the slow-roasted lamb hummus, za'atar/onion/tomato, cheese/tomato/long hot,the manoushea, and the shish taouk. do yourself a favor and add an egg to the flatbreads! Honestly, I could live off their Lebanese chai latte. It's so beautiful to look at and also so deliciously warm and soothing. Everything at Suraya is perfectly balanced with warm and fresh flavors...and the spices are to die for!This place is definitely worth all the hype. The atmosphere and decor is beautiful. We had a reservation but still had to wait a bit, however they have a really nice "lounge" waiting area where you can order drinks while you wait. Our waitress gave us great advice for what and how much to order (there were 4 of us so we did 6 Mezze and 2 entrees and it was plenty). Everything we ordered was amazing. My favorites were the hummus, baba ganoush, raw veggie salad, and the braised lamb. We couldn't resist dessert so we got the Kanafeh which is a traditional Lebanese dessert and the chocolate coffee ice cream. Both were delicious but the Kanafeh was very unique and stuffed with cheese so I'll let that speak for itself. I'm excited to come back here to try the brunch or lunch!!Walking into Suraya, you are instantly welcomed to a spacious environment filled with modern decor, grandiose lighting, open kitchen design that is bustling with energy. From the outside looking in you would never expect such a huge setting inside! You really feel like you've walked into a new city.
We were quickly seated for Sunday Brunch and was floored by how clean and new everything looked. From the tables to floors to ceilings and walls, everything looked immaculate.
Navigating through the Lebanese cuisine was a daunting, yet fun task. As we were perusing the menu trying to figure out what we were in the mood for, we kept our eyes peeled on the open kitchen to see what was coming out. This is definitely a place where it is strongly encouraged to share your plates.
We settled for a flatbread (manousche) that was very similar to a flat bread pizza, an order of lamb hummus with fresh pita, and a sharable plate also topped with pita. Our only regret was that we did not realize how carb-heavy the meal was, but nevertheless we dug in.
The food itself was very fresh. I am used to middle eastern cuisine, so the flavors itself were not very bold or aromatic, something I felt could have made the dishes stand out. Pitas came out piping fresh from the steel oven and the spreads were all made on the spot. I really enjoyed getting my hands into the food and tasting it. My only qualm was that I got bored of the flavors quickly (as-in it didn't make me want to go dig in for more) and after a while it was just a chore trying to finish the pita breads. I will definitely come back again to try out more things, definitely need to get more meat and vegetable options! The good thing is that it is very reasonably priced compared to other Fishtown alternatives.Absolutely amazing experiential dining. As soon as I walked in I felt like I had been transported to another city. The staff is very kind and attentive, and really did an excellent job. The food was delicious and interesting. I was able to share two appetizers, an entree, and dessert with one other person and we had plenty of leftovers.This place has a nice ambiance. I had high expectations. Food was just okay. Maybe it deserves another chance. My lunch was $30. I had salad, sandwich and a Moscow mule.The staff was so good! Super friendly and charming. The food was good but I've definitely paid less for comparable food in philly. 
Pet peeve: why are the bathrooms, with fully enclosed individual stalls, gendered? It's 2018, this is fishtown, there's no reason to have gendered bathrooms.Wish I could eat here every day and give this place 10 stars!! The decorations are amazing and the food is as well!!! Everything I tried was better than expected! The only strange thing is there is no table service. You order at the bar and grab a number. Then they bring the food to where-ever you choose to sit. Excited to see the back garden area in the spring! Don't forget to try the drink specials they have!!Fantastic dinning experience ALL DAY LONG!!!
We have enjoyed lunch, cocktail at this beautiful restaurants with amazing ,unique ,tasty selections of Lebanese middle eastern cuisine, served by incredibly professional wait staff in a  Beautiful setting!!
Stopped in for a quick light dinner ~ Place was rockin on a Thursday evening ~ We enjoyed amazing grilled mushrooms, with pine nuts, as well as huge Pillowy pita. The meatballs, of some type ,were fragrant + light ~ wish we ordered another order! You will not be disappointed!
Food is priced right for the exotic ingredience, attention to detail of the service + the interior design. Outdoor dinning option looked beautiful.
We found parking spots on the street as well!! Our fav in Philly!!The Mezza dishes were great! We had the fattoush salad, hummus and grape leaves. Incredible!! The warm pita served with it was so fresh. The dinner however was very very small. For the price, I at least thought it would be a normal size portion.  All in all it was a great experience and I would definitely go back.Incredible food. Excellent decor. Adorable store front. Very spacious. Have yet to try a cocktail but i look forward to going back.Walking into the space was breathtaking.  Light, airy, inviting.
Yelpers pointed me in the direction of the mushroom hummus and they were spot-on!   The shiitakes were scrumptious and seasoned/cooked beautifully and went so so well with the creamy hummus.   This dish, including the pita,  definitely gives Dizengoff stiff competition!   My table mates also got the baba ganoush and it was equally scrumptious. 
To complete this lovely lunch was the clementine/ginger soda ... refreshing, with a great kick!
The servers were warm, gregarious and genuinely were pleased to ensure you had what you needed.  They were as excited for you to taste the plates as they brought them to the table.
Can't wait to return for dinner!Great food and ambiance!! The kanafeh is a must have!!!! The staff was friendly and helpful. They are building a beautiful garden. Can't wait until it opens.Clearly one of my favorites ... when we arrived we where greeted by 2 beautiful hostess Gisselle and Brittany which quickly took us to our table... the Restuarant is beautiful with a great outside area which is perfect for parties or weddings .... at first we decided to order just a couple dishes to share but we really couldn't stop ourselves from ordering more everything sounded amazing and interesting ..... the food was absolutely delicious !! I mean the flavors are spot on and their homemade bread you can't stop eating it ! Our cocktails were well made well balanced .... then dessert we decided to ordered all of it !! after such great flavors for dinner we knew dessert had to be incredible and we were correct ... I was able to take a picture before my guest devoured it .. lol ... definitely would recommend this restuarant and definitely will be back.I amost dont want to post a review so others wont realize how amazing this place is!!!!I first heard of Suraya from a friend who came here for dinner and having read soo many good reviews decided to stopby for brunch one weekend. This was my first time being in this part of town so it was an interesting experience. We started out with the crispy chickpea hummus, which as everyone has stated tasted amazing! I also got the falafel sandwich which was also good. Their rosewater lemonade is like a taste of heaven, i love how it smells just like roses and its sour! This place was so good I took my friend here for her birthday lunch the weekend after and I am sure there will be many more visits to come!When I first walked in and looked at the menu, I didn't think I was going to enjoy the food.  To my surprise I really enjoyed it and will be going back again.  I had the flat bread with cheese and I had the pita with hummus and they were amazing.  I recommend that you give them a try.From the freshly made pita to the mezze plates, and the beautiful layouts inside, they really want to make you satisfy when you get in there!  I love going to this place! Highly recommended~I arrived with the highest of expectations and everything about this place exceeded them. The atmosphere and decor, the waitstaff and their dress code, and the cuisine and culinary genius.  The food was fresh and inspired.  Unique flavors and textures. The cocktails were incredible.  I went with my two kids for Mother's Day.  It was just perfect.  Thank you for creating this space of delight, abundance and joy that feeds both body and soul.  Highest Praise for Suraya.New favorite restaurant in the area.  There was not one bad thing on the menu. The food is creative and classic all at the same time. Suraya is a must try. I cannot wait to return in warmer months so I can sit on the gorgeous patio.