Groupon is a great way to try restaurants without (much) regret. I had a Groupon for Sushi Planet, and so we went on a saturday night. It's always a little worrisome when they tell you that you can only go before 6:30pm or after 9:30pm with a Groupon....does that mean they reserve the less-than fresh fish for us?
I was pleasantly surprised by the quality of the food. We had the rock shrimp tempura dressed with a spicy aioli as appetizer. It's not tempura with the traditional batter, but it was still very good and crispy.
We also had hand rolls which were decent. They were generously filled with fish (I had the salmon with avocado), but the nori (seaweed) was already damp and soggy by the time it got to our table, which means they've been sitting at the counter for a while. 
A welcoming surprise was the pork ramen. The broth was rich and flavorful. But they could strain some of the fat/grease from the broth to make it more appetizing. 
We also had 2 other specialty rolls (forgot what they are now), but both were good.
I would come back to this place without a Groupon type special.
The service was okay--not particularly friendly, but not rude. I don't remember anyone smiling or greeting us..maybe that's the "Groupon service."I went here with my girlfriend and another couple this past Saturday.  We had a great time the food great and relatively cheap I think for two couples - under $100.  The service was good.  I split a Globalization platter which is a Huge 12pcs assortment of sushi, spider roll, dancing eel, spicy salmon roll, tuna roll.  A couple other ones things we ordered that were good were the Love for Tuna  which is Tuna avocado topped with fresh tuna & crispy shallots.  Also the Eggplant roll was really good, and the Tofu.  
     The service was good.  The setting was good.  It is BYOB, which I always feel is a plus.
     Very nice dinner.I ate here with my girlfriends last week and it was really good. The seaweed salad was good and served in a martini glass and the edamame was good as well. We each had 8 regular rolls and 2 specialty rolls. All together are bill was $90. We had groupon for here so it was even cheaper. We will definitely go back. The atmosphere was warm. A great place to go with your friends, family or even a date. It is also a BYOB so your money can really go far here. It is also 1 block from south street so after dinner you can go to the bars on south street or any of the other bars around the queens village section.I ordered takeout from Sushi Planet a few nights ago. It was delicious.
Despite being a couple hundred yards from my apartment, I had yet to set foot into SP until this weekend. I placed an order over the phone for a salmon/avocado roll and a spicy tuna roll. 30 minutes, they said.
I was a little hungry and showed up early in hopes that they overestimated their prep time. Nah, but that's alright. I got to chat with the super-friendly sushi chefs at the bar and watch them roll my dinner. Avocado in a spicy tuna roll? Huge chunks of tuna in a spicy tuna roll? Genius.
Prices were moderate- if only compared to my favorite place in my old neighborhood, Vic's. Look, I know Philly is probably the only place you can get three rolls for $10.95, but I was pretty spoiled when I lived west of Broad, ok??
The total was $12.15 for the two medium-sized rolls.
HOWEVER: There is a lunch special I have yet to try- two rolls and a soup or salad for $10. Nice.This restaurant is the kind of operation that makes me continue to try new places, cause every once and a while you find a gem that nails service, ambiance, price and taste. The fact that its a sushi place that delivers just takes it over the top.
The presentation of both the space - v. chic, clean, comfortable - and the plates - simple, appetizing not hokey, even (dare I say it) beautiful- are clearly the product of careful thought. The menu doesn't try to be everything to everyone but still keeps it interesting - try the bass carpaccio and the unagi kabayaki. And the quality of ingredients and over all flavor is on par with some of the much pricier places in the city. 
I am totally gone for S-p'net (I'm tryin to work with the less than stellar name) and happy that everyone I have sent there has reported back that they too received the spectacular service and tastey eats. 
Well done.The delivery  is so fast. And the sushi is also  delicious, we like sushi planet, i will order again  . I will recommend  this restaurant  to my friends ！I love Sushi Planet. When I lived in South Philly, I ordered delivery from this place all the time and it was nothing short of absolutely yummy. The service in the restaurant is great too. The dining room is small, so it's more intimate and that in itself ensures the wait staff is attentive. 
We ate here for my birthday last week, and our whole party was satisfied. In fact, when one of my friends asked for an octopus roll (accidentally mistaking the nigiri section for the roll section on the menu), the chefs were completely accommodating and they made an octopus roll on the spot for us. It was delicious!I LOVED the homemade pickles here, but the sushi wasn't my favorite. The roll cuts were smaller than a lot of places I've been, which I actually liked. They're easier to pick up and eat, but the taste was a little bland for me. We did get to sit outside which was a plus! They had a great menu selection, too, so I'd like to try some other things on their menu.GRUB HUB specific experience:
I ordered delivery from Grub Hub at 8:30pm last night and received the usual text message which states your food will be delivered btwn 9:30 - 9:40pm. Kinda late for me, but I was craving my fish and went ahead with the order. It was rainy, so I get there might be a delay, but 9:55pm rolls around and I'm falling asleep. 2 conversations with the business accomplished nothing but the food finally arrived at 10:05pm.
It was ok, maybe because I was hangry, but you could tell the fish was previously frozen...a little extra water when you chew. I'm not dying to order from here again at all.I don't want to do this to you, Sushi Planet, but you've forced my hand and I feel obligated. As my previous reviews should have made rather obvious at this point, I love SP. I love the food, the waitresses, the space. Everything. I especially loved the price for the quality. 
Last week my fiance got a new job! We hadn't been eating out very much in the recent past (tight budget) and decided to celebrate by going to our fav sushi place. Sadly, our meal was a bit disappointing:
The marinated cucumbers were both dry and gummy almost as if they had been kept uncovered in the fridge for several hours. The flavor also tasted a bit off.
My dumplings were good but barely warm.
Spicy salmon which is, by far, my most favorite thing in this universe lacked spice. In fact, it lacked any real detectable flavor in general-- as did the spider roll. We never have left over sushi because even when we're beyond full we continue to stuff our guts because we love the stuff so much. Not this time. 
The sushi wasn't "bad" at all it just wasn't good. I guess fortunately AND unfortunately it wasn't expensive enough for me to trick myself into thinking I enjoyed my dinner.
Either way, the reality is that I'll be back. For now SP is just A-OK.Had my first experience here tonight. I was feeling lazy and wanted delivery. Because SP has both Saba and Hotate - my two favorite types of sushi - I ordered from here. While the sushi wasn't gross - and I've had gross, fishy, am I going to have a parasite sushi - it was unremarkable. Everything was fairly tasteless. I can't really explain it. I love unagi and that terrific sweet, smokey, barbecue taste but my eel roll was just bland. The seasoned and cured saba flavor I crave was absent and the consistency was way off. While I suppose it was better than Whole Foods, not by much....Sushi was flavorless and the portions were very small. Considering the price they were charging, the quality and quantity should be a lot higher. Go somewhere else if you have the option to do so!I just ordered delviery from here for the first time. Their service was impecable beacuse I was late for work and they had the food ready and devlivered to me in 18 minutes from the time the order was placed. The quality of the fish was so-so though. I have had better in philly. Overall, 5 stars for service and 3 for food.I'm not sure how Sushi Planet doesn't have a solid 5 star here. It is absolutely the best sushi EVER. 
My boyfriend and I frequent Sushi Planet both for a casual night out and a weekend delivery! Going into the restaurant is always such a pleasant experience. It's BYOB, so that's a plus. The service is always friendly and attentive. The sushi is so fresh and YUM. I would most certainly recommend Sushi Planet to anyone looking for some yummy sushi :)!I often place both delivery and pick up orders with Sushi Planet. Their food is always fresh, really well prepared and absolutely delicious! Try the striped basscarpacio - it will blow you away! I also highly recommend their Philadelphia rolls. Superb!I was really excited to try Sushi Planet. Always like trying new sushi places. But it was a disappointment. There were some unfortunate problems with both the service and the food. 
There is a complete lack of communication between the waitresses, the sushi bar, and the kitchen. We were asked by three different waitresses if we were ready to order (even after we ordered), so it wasn't clear among them who is taking care of which tables. Further, the sushi bar and the kitchen obviously don't know what is going on with the other. We ordered a couple of appetizers in addition to some sushi for entrees, and everything for the most part came at the same time. The table next to us got their appetizers after they got their entrees, which they weren't too thrilled with either. 
The food, while edible (well...most of it), just wasn't that good. The yakitori appetizer we did have to send back. The chicken was incredibly fatty...more fat than meat. The calamari salad was ok, the salad was better than the calamari itself. The sushi was very hit or miss. The California roll and the volcano roll were fine. The love for tuna was bland. And the Philly roll was not good at all...the salmon was not fresh. Overall, the quality of the sushi was sub par. Finally, just a side note that was somewhat annoying. They misspelled some of the items on their menu. Probably an indication of the food itself. 
Overall, skip this place, there are much better sushi restaurants in Philly.I came to Sushi Planet with a friend beyond excited for the amazing sushi we have had before. We came on a Tuesday during lunch time (have to get the lunch specials!), and to get the "40% OFF of all specials on Tuesdays  (Dine in only)" deal. That was taken directly from the menu. The first time we came during lunch, we got the lunch specials and that fabulous 40% off deal. After we ordered 7 rolls total during this visit, we were stunned to see the price of our bill. We questioned the waitress as to why the 40% off wasn't on our bill. She quickly responded with "it's not after 5:00" and ran away with our check and credit card. I checked the menu and proceeded to ask her why this policy was not published anywhere and why we got it once before during lunch and now (2 months later) we couldn't have it. She shrugged and walked away. I am so upset because the sushi was amazing as always, but I have to say I am dissapointed in their lack of consistency with giving discounts, and their false-advertisement. Side note: I emailed management before writing this review, saying I wanted to contact them direct prior to writing on yelp. I recieved no response. I know where their customer service priorities are...I've been going to Sushi Planet for a few years now and it's still one of my favorite spots- the specialty rolls are great and the sushi is always fresh.  
 The dine in service is good, and sometimes they greet your table with a free appetizer sample, which is actually what initially hooked me. I've ordered delivery and have had mixed experiences- one was quick and one took way too long.  Overall the food is good enough to want to keep coming back.This place is only okay. Even freshly made in the restaurant, the food wasn't the greatest. The atmosphere and decor are gorgeous and classy, but I'll be taking my money elsewhere for something higher quality.
Also, I would recommend that you never order delivery from here. Mine came dry and awful and it was obviously not carefully delivered, as everything was tipped and slopped all over the place!The sushi is overpriced, the restaurant is cramped, and the takeout service is very slow. It's nice for a trendy date (BYO), but I've had better sushi.I think I'm officially addicted to their agedashi tofu and spinach shitake roll, since not more than a week can go by before I start itching to order it again. The sweet potato roll is a close third favorite. Definitely a veggie-sushi-lover's haven. The prices are also very reasonable, they have pretty good lunch specials, and if you pay with cash you get 5% off the bill.I will never ever in Life patronize this establishment again!!! I ordered a green salad. Open shuffling my salad, underneath I see a long piece of white hair. I whispered to the waitress of what I saw, she comes back with the same dish and says THE COOK SAYS its nothing, probably from the chop stick. I politely say, well I rather not eat this salad, please make a new one. She comes back and tells me the cook says He's not making a new one!!!!! Wtf!!!!!!! Are u serious??!!!  Bad for business! And my money! Stay away!I only ordered the pork ramen so I cannot speak to the quality of the sushi at this restaurant, but dear god avoid their ramen like the plague. It truly was the worst ramen I have ever had. It didn't even taste like ramen. The broth tasted like canned beef broth with absolutely no substance or flavor. The pieces of pork were gross and tough, the egg was hard and the yolk was cooked all the way through, and the noodles tasted like store bought spaghetti noodles. Seriously, I don't even know what I just ate.I love this place! Its reasonably priced and so good!! On Tuesdays they have a great deals too! 40 % off speciality rolls. Service is great, plus its BYOB!   Its very convienant too; they deliver and you can ever order online!
I have noticed that the weekend chefs are little better than the weekday chefs, but thats expected! I would recommend this place to anyone and would bring my friends.  My boyfriend and I consider it our "go-to" Sushi place! BIG FANSI'm updating my review from 5 stars to 3.5, primarily for the recent take-out experiences we've been having.
The past three times we've gotten take-out I've been semi-disappointed. My beloved avocado salad has has hardly any dressing on it, and the dressing it does have has been very liquidy.
Also, our sushi rolls have been oddly disfigured. The top looks fine, but the bottom is smushed or falling apart and I can't figure out why.
Just because I'm not sitting in the restaurant doesn't mean I don't deserve the same quality food!! Step it up, SP!We went to Sushi Planet for my boyfriend's bday dinner w/ a group of 8 (we had made a reservation).  The staff was super friendly, sent out sake and pickled cukes on the house, and were patient w/ us being slow and loud.  Some of use ate meat, some just fish, and some pure vegetarians, and all were satisfied consumers.  BYOB which is awesome.  Plus we brought a pie for dessert and they were nice about bringing out plates and forks for us.  The food was tasty, the atmosphere was great, the waitresses were all great, and I will definitely go back!This place is my new addiction. Whenever I am in the Queen Village neighborhood, I eat here. I haven't been to too many sushi restaurants in Philadelphia, but I have in other areas. This is one of my favorites. It's small and cozy, and usually not very crowded. It's also a BYOB (and not wine only), which is great for my friend's who are beer drinkers. I had their pumpkin roll a couple of months ago - which was absolutely amazing. 
Their dinners are a little pricey - another reason why BYOB is so nice. But they have a great lunch special. I highly recommend Sushi Planet.I finally joined Yelp - the first place I wanted to review: Sushi Planet. My husband and I have been coming here for a long time. We first found out about this place online while we were searching for sushi BYO's. I can't count the number of times we've eaten in and taken food out. Never once have they messed up an order, and the avocado salad is *amazing.* The ginger dressing is delicious. The people that work there are super nice, and sometimes we get free food. It's our go-to sushi joint and I've never had a bad experience. Don't let the funny name deter you!I first came here due to a recommendation by a fellow co-worker. It turned out to be a great decision because Sushi Planet has since become my favorite go-to sushi place in Philly. I went with three other friends and we all agreed it was a great experience. 
The restaurant is somewhat small, but has a nice atmostphere featuring pastel mint colored walls and colorful artwork. Our friendly server started us out with a complimentary sashimi dish. It was delicious! Our sushi roll entrees turned out to be hits as well. I had the On Fire roll and it was a great combination of texture, freshness and spiciness. I also had the seaweed salad, which is one of my fav appetizers on any Japanese  menu. I rarely order it though because it is usually very overpriced (5-7 dollars for a little bowl)however at this place it is pretty cheap (4 dollars). In fact, all of their prices are very wallet-friendly and the sushi is great, too! In addition, it's a byo, another wallet-friendly aspect. My one friend, who wasn't a sushi-lover at the time, ordered the teriyaki salmon which was also delicious. The sauce was flavorful, the salmon was nicely cooked and the broccoli was perfectly steamed with just the right amount of salt. . 
My only complaint is that after the meal, they brought out some complimentary saki for all of us. I was excited because I had never tried it before. Although I like all kinds of liquor and wine, I did not like sake, though I have hope it will grow on me. The real disappointment came when we got the check which listed a small fee for the complimentary saki. Although it wasn't much, the principle of the matter bothered me. Why should we have to give you any money for something that we didn't ask for and was supposed to be complimentary?
 In spite of that, I still love this place. Just two days ago I stopped in for lunch to go while on my break from work. I was pleased to find that they have a lunch menu that is a great deal, especially for the city. I got two different sushi rolls and a salad with their yummy ginger dressing for only 10 dollars. This place is definitely worth trying for nice atmostphere, friendly staff, excellent sushi and very reasonable prices.Once upon a time my boyfriend wanted to go get sushi so we came here, having passed by it several times and hearing good things about it.  
Since trying this whole vegetarian thing, I have become a little unraveled about going out to eat. But this place had some awesome vegetarian options (i LOVED the inari). It's well-portioned, reasonably priced, and hey, it tasted good too. My boyfriend got some sashimi, and although I didn't indulge, he seemed very very satisfied as well.  The chef sent out a complimentary plate, and although again I couldn't indulge, it looked really spectacular, and my boyfriend confirmed that it was. 
It's a BYO so we were taking our time a bit to enjoy some of our wine. The check came, and we cried tears of joy because it was the cheapest meal we've had, maybe ever. 
The waitress came over and offered some hot sake. We explained that we had already paid our bill and simply said " it's on the house". Then she brought over an assload of hot sake,  and several minutes later,  we stumbled out of Sushi Planet, never happier in our lives. 
The end.Placed an order online at 230, and it was at my apartment in old city by 3. Great sushi, huge portion. I had the volcano roll and a regular roll. I usually go to Fat Salmon, but this sushi was rather comparable in quality and great for delivery. Will order from here again!The sushi is a 3 or 4 star, but the service brings it down. My friend had to wait almost 20 minutes for a glass of juice, which she needed because her blood sugar was low! The waitresses didn't seem to be in any rush to help her out, which is unacceptable. What a shame!Its ok. I had better. Service was a little lagging.  Tried it, but probably wont go back. I have a hole in the wall place that makes better rolls.My friend & I have not been here for maybe 2 years!  We finally came back because she missed the pickles that they give you. So much so that we asked for a second one which was $2 but they give you more than the free one so it's not too bad.
Hungry Roll $14
"Spicy tuna, avocado, grilled eels topped with crunchy and seared squid and immersed the roll in tasty sauces for these hungry people."
The tasty sauce was spicy mayo & was not too much like most places so you could really taste the eel & squid. It was delicious! We were really considering getting another order but we were full.
Sushi Cakes Roll $14
"Rice block (rectangular shape) topped with spicy lobster/crunches/avocado, and additional layer of sliced tuna with special sauce."
You can really taste the tuna but not the lobster. Just a little dab of sauce on top so not overpowering.
I like that you can taste the fish in the rolls here. There is not too much sauce or rice; perfect balance.
The bathroom was clean & the sesting in the back gives a nice, dark, romantic feel.
Downside is that it's hard to find parking since it's so close to South St. but we'll be back again soon! They also offer outdoor seating in nicer weather.I tried this place out on a whim for takeout and it was reallllly good!  The only thing I wouldn't do next time for take out is order sushi that has tempura stuff in it, by the time we got it home it was soggy, but that is to be expected.  In any case, the rolls are HUGE.   We got 3 and it was MORE than enough for 2 people.  We also had some appetizers.  The calamari salad was great, it came with a lot of calamari and a really good dressing.  I wish this place was closer to my office because I would definitely be there often!  Can't wait to go back for a dinner there because I am sure it will be amazing..great sushi for the price... add to that it is a byob and it just can't be beat.For the price and quality they offer, it's a place I will go back.  
When I walked in to the restaurant, there were no one greeting at the door.  All the sushi chiefs and the manager (I assumed he is) were staring at me and did nothing.  It was pretty awkward.  There was ONE server (server, busboy, pick-up girl) for the whole floor.  She was nice but she can only do so much.  Service was really slow!!!
Despite all the above, the sushi was really good!!  Really appreciated the chief added what we requested.  Plus, it's BYOB.  Can't beat that.
If the service was a little better, I will definitely go more often.For those of you who are always in search of a great sushi spot in the city, do not bother visiting this place. I read the mixed reviews but decided to go in with an open mind regardless. 
At first, the inventive rolls litsted seemed promising, but when we ate what was served to us it had absoutely no flavor. Literally, all the rolls just tasted like rice balls. To boot, the soy sauce must have been watered down to cut cost. It tasted only like salty brown water. When we asked the server if she could give us a full bottle of soy sauce from the back, she said she couldn't, but gave us another sm. bottle from another table, which was just as flavorless as the first. What sushi restaurant serves flavorless soy sauce!? The irony for me is that I usually think soy sauce is too salty. Those having to watch their blood pressure need not worry about this place.  
The kicker was when I would place a mound of Wasabi on a roll (enough to make you cry a river) I wasn't even phased, b/c even that barely had taste!
Who cares how creative the rolls are, if you can't taste it why bother eating there!? For the first time ever, we left a bunch of rolls on the plate b/c they just weren't appetizing enough to finish. Please do not waste your time going there.I'm really lukewarm about this place.
I didn't hate it, but I didn't really like it either.
The sushi was fine, I guess. The rice was undercooked, though, so each roll was a little crunchy in a not-so-good way.
The service was also fine, I guess. It felt a little uncomfortable, but she was nice enough.
I don't know if they're still serving the complimentary items, but we didn't receive any. If not, fine. If so, why?Ever since I found out Maki House had closed, I was pleasantly relieved to discover that Sushi Planet was not only within a short distance of my apartment, but that South Street was not completely at a loss for sushi.  My first visit was back in February on a weekend that the sun decided to make a much desired appearance, as the streets were alive with people, many of whom wanted to spend the day away from their homes affected by the winter storm power outage.  Sushi Planet was touting a super affordable lunch special (which I later found out they temporarily discontinued....bummer!) so I decided to take advantage of that.  I sat at the sushi bar and was served promptly and with a smile; therefore, before my most recent visit, I was quick to recommend Sushi Planet to a friend who met me on South Street for lunch the day of the Spring Festival.  She ordered some sashimi and a seaweed salad, while I settled on a sweet potato roll, a Philadelphia roll, and some Tobiko (tiny fish roe) over rice.  I tried a bit of the seaweed salad at my friend's suggestion and I was sold.  It was great!  I will definitely be back!I had a groupon here to check this place out. It was ok. I had better sushi. Some of the sushi did not have any flavor. It felt like I was eating cardboard or something. Maybe it's because they put more lettuce than rice in their sushi. At least the pork buns were pretty good for appetizer. I also like that it's BYOB. Another complaint was that they took too long for the food. Everyone at our table had sushi except my daughter who was waiting for her udon noodles. My the time we finished our sushi, I asked the watier whatever happened to the noodles, and she seemed kind of clueless and blamed it on the kitchen. Not sure if that was professional. I told her to bag it up since it's too late, but when I took it home, it was mushy...sigghhh...don't think I'll be back here again. Maybe, if they were the only sushi on the planet, and they were my last resort.I was here on a Thursday night with my friend. The restaurant was maybe half full and we were seated right away. I've been here many times in the past but my latest visit was disappointing. We ordered a garden salad and 3 rolls- the emperor roll, 5 carb roll and yellowtail roll. The garden salad was actually a decent salad and a nice size for an appetizer at a sushi restaurant. The emperor roll was tasty. But we were very disappointed with the 5 carb roll- it tasted pickled and had a sour taste to it. I've never experienced a roll like it before and we couldn't even finish it. The yellowtail roll was average but we requested that jalapenos be added and were told that wouldn't be a problem but no jalapenos were added when we received our meal. Overall, we left disappointed and both agreed that we get better and more consistent sushi at Wegmans. I've enjoyed Planet Sushi in the past and don't know if it is a different sushi chef or if maybe they were having an off night.I don't know how I missed reviewing this place! Their 10 dollar lunch special got me through school lunches. I used to eat here twice a week.
The salmon, eel, and yellowtail rolls are all great, however anything with tuna leaves something to be desired.
I haven't been in since the renovations, but I just ordered a groupon so I will be visiting again soon. This time with wine.Specialty rolls can be flavor-overload at some sushi bars, but every single one I've tried at Sushi Planet is party-in-the-mouth. They're stuffed with well-matched ingredients, rolled well, and light on the sauces. Ask for the specials, too, as they come up with some surprising (and surprisingly good) combinations.
Apps here are really good as well. The rock shrimp tempura is a staple in my diet now, and the seaweed salad might be the best I've had. If you're a fan of sashimi, the fish is incredibly fresh and delicious and will stand on its own. 
Sushi Planet loses a star for service. The servers are very, very nice, but when the restaurant gets busy, they tend to get frazzled. I've often had to ask for things twice because requests got lost in the frenzy. It's not a deal breaker by any means - just one of those things you hope they get right one of these days.As an update to my previous review below, i have to say that i have been a few more times and the food wasn't as good, so this place is hit or miss. The other times i have gone, the seaweed salad had ice crystals in it because it was not thawed yet, the shumai were cold in the middle and sometimes their sushi does not taste as up to par as other days. 
Planet sushi was awesome! Their sushi tasted very fresh and they had extremely reasonable prices. My roommate and i got 2 appetizers, 2 specialty rolls and 3 regular rolls for $50 total! On top of that they gave us some house special sampler appetizers for free. I got the mango roll, which wasn't my favorite but was still pretty good and a spicy scallop roll which was very good and a kanpyo roll (which was also good). my roommate had a vegetarian roll and an unagi roll topped with spicy tuna, that roll was amazing! we were so happy that we tried it. On top of that they were BYOB which is my favorite.-Water tasted like Clorox,I basically sipped bleach 
-Sushi was bland and tasted like nothing.
I don't understand how my husband got the pumpkin spice roll and it tasted like air.Tasted good on the way down, not so much on the way out.  
I went with a groupon and shared a couple of rolls and a chicken teriyaki dish.  The sushi was good.  The teriyaki was dry and not very good.  
The restaurant is a very small BYOB, so calling ahead for reservations is recommended.  
The biggest issue was that everyone at my table felt off the day after.  Not sure if it was the sushi or the chicken that did it.  
Overall I would probably avoid Sushi Planet given the number of other sushi options in the area.  I'm sure my experience of getting sick is an isolated incident but I'm not willing to tempt fate again.I ordered takeout here online and it was super easy.  The online ordering system is user friendly.
I got the lunch combo of shrimp tempura, spicy salmon, & miso soup.  Huge portion of miso soup & it was still piping hot when I got back to my apartment!  yes +1 star  Then I got to my rolls & they were just mediocre.  Shrimp tempura roll wasn't bad but the spicy salmon could have been spicier.  Honestly I didn't taste any spiciness in it.
It's interestingly decorated in there & clean.  I want to come back & try their specialty rolls...hopefully they'll be better & I can update the review!Small place, but don't let that fool you - we all know some of the best sushi comes from the most unsuspecting places. Clean, quaint, and incredibly charming staff. Can't stress that enough - the staff was really awesome.
Between two us, we got a variety of classic and specialty rolls - Your California rolls & Spicy Tunas of the world, ranging to things with more ingredients than I can remember - and it was all great. Six rolls and an order of edamame only set us back $35 plus tip. I can get down with that.
Fresh, clean, very humble and gracious staff, and reasonably priced. What more could you ask for?THIS "RESTAURANT" SHOULD BE SHUT DOWN!
I just experienced the worst 2.5 hours of my life. A friend and I ventured to sushi planet, instead of going to Hikaru (I completely regret this decision now), in the hopes of finding another good sushi restaurant. WHAT AN EPIC FAIL. 
It was promising as soon as we walked in the door. Quaint decor, not too loud, and an overall friendly atmosphere. EXCEPT when we came in our table was a mess and looked like it had been sitting there dirtied for a while. We found that this was a trend over the course of the entire evening. As people finished their meals and left, tables would sit dirty for at least a half an hour. THIS WAS DISGUSTING. 
we sat down and were turned on by the food on the menu. This was the high-point in the night. Excited to be receiving my emperor roll and  my friend equally excited to chow down on some more convention sushi rolls (tuna, california), we were in high spirits. THIS IS WHERE IT BEGAN TO GO TO HELL. 
while waiting for our gyoza starter (which was over-steamed and pretty much a dumpling abortion), we were severed a conspicuous bass carpacio (only in name). It tasted like anchovies that had been sitting in crisco for at least a week. We had also seen that everyone else in the restaurant had been served the same dish as a way of compensating for their AWEFUL service. Not only was this culinary trainwreck served as a peace offering, but they served us pipping-hot sake as some sort of bribe. The sake was aweful, and if we had gotten our food in some timely manner, the rice-wine would have tainted the already mediocre sushi. But I Digress...
We waited...
And waited...
And WAITED...
I asked our server at least 3 times where our food was before i was even served my bowl of clumpy brown rice (when i asked for white rice at least three times). 
During our wait, we also whitnessed the front of house staff and sushi chefs downing wine and other alcoholic beverages. One sushi chef pompously approuached two young women with a drink in hand, boldy proclaiming that he was drinking a glass of COFFEE AND YAEGER. 
I work in a restaurant behind a bar, and even though staff may want to try a new wine or other new cocktail from time to time, no one is boozing like this. it is not becoming to see restaurant staff eating and drinking (not to mention openly toasting drinks) especially when we had been waiting an hour and a half for our 15 pieces of sushi. It is also concerning that the kitchen staff is getting drunk, especially when this restaurant serves predominately  raw seafood. 
FINALLY I APPROACH OUR THE GIRL AT THE CASH REGISTER,  WHO IS RIGHT NEXT TO THE SUSHI BAR, AND ASK IF OUR ORDER WAS ON THE WAY. SHE TELLS ME THAT THE CHEFS JUST GOT TO OUR ORDER.
WE HAVE BEEN WAITING FOR AN HOUR AND A HALF AND THE ORDER WASNT EVEN PUT IT!
The next series of events was pretty comical. we recive the food. it was mediocre. we were both starving at this point and wolfed down the sushi. Meh. 
The cash register girl comes up to us and apologizes and offers us a desert on the house. we pass. She then explains that they were "busier than usual" and had a hard time handling the volume. she then said they "had alot of take-out orders" , as to excuse the inefficiency of the drunken sushi chefs. 
When we complained about the service, the hostess tried to blame our waitress, who doesn't speak english well, for the issues. We said it wasn't her fault. Then when one of the sushi chef came over to ask what the problem was we said that we had waited an hour and a half to receive our sushi order (which was clearly rushed, as the rolls were falling apart), while he was drinking and toasting with some of the wait -staff. He then compared his sushi to Morimoto's and said we could go there and pay 200 dollars for little sushi and here it was a good deal, also bringing up that they gave us free sake and "sea bass carpaccio." We then preceded to laugh and say that we'd rather pay for good food than wait around for his mediocre sushi. 
I will never eat here again, nor will I be taking out sushi from here. 
Hopefully the manager or owner reads this and makes some changes (not that i will ever go back to see such changes)
THIS WAS BY FAR THE WORST DINING EXPERIENCE OF MY LIFE. I FEEL DIRTY AND USED.I've been passing by this place for months and with a name like sushi planet i assumed it was mostly take out. I truly judged this book by its cheesy cover and only now having been there seen the error of my ways. Affordable sushi that does not taste affordable. Byob. complimentary sake if your especially good with chopsticks. 
two people
two apps
two sushi rolls each
50-60 USD
'nuff saidDon't get the ramen, it's waste of money. I didn't try the sushi so I am not sure. But was very disappointed at Ramen I ordered... Too salty and noodles are not even cooked wellthe place is lame, filthy. fish is not fresh.  good luck eating there.I can't believe I didn't know about this place sooner since I'm on that block all the time! My coworker discovered it, and it really is so much better than some of the other South Street area sushi places. You can usually tell a lot about the quality of a sushi place when they give you ginger that is natural/ white and not pink. The crappier places have pink ginger. Right when we walked it I knew I would like the place...lime green walls and modern art. The waiter had some nice smooth house music playing, and he seemed very chill. I was really pleased with the fact that substituting brown rice is only 50 cents extra instead of a dollar or two dollars like some places, which is a complete ripoff! The salad was delicious and presented beautifully. The sushi and maki were delicious and the price was very reasonable for the lunch special. I will definitely be going back often.I have never been to sushi planet in person so I don't know anything about the actual restaurant.  
They have good sushi it's not great...the only reason I repeated was for the specialty rolls.  
My beef with sushi planet is that the delivery is ridiculous.  I live in CC, they are in queen village, should not be longer than 40-45 minutes.  I've waited way long before, and sometimes the order didn't come and they sent it out again and it came very fast after I complained.  But get it right the first time.  They offered in house coupons, which they never provided, but I said that didn't help me as I only use them for delivery.  The girl on the phone is nice, but I don't know if their drivers are not the best, or they are disorganized.  For me it's not worth it.   There are plenty of great sushi places within blocks of me.The food was great. The sushi was creative [I especially liked the roll with  mango] and the service was attentive [thank you!!]. Philadelphia restaurants have real issues with quality service.  The prices were good too: 3 specialty rolls and two non-alcoholic drinks for $40 before tip is good in my book. And we were both full, too.I had one bad meal here where it took them forever to bring out the food, and it looked like it was assembled by a 3-year old playing with play-doh... but then I went back a month later and it was back to it's old-awesome self. So, maybe Santos wasn't manning the sushi bar that night or something... not a huge deal as long as it NEVER HAPPENS AGAIN!I no longer must travel to Collingswood, NJ for heavenly sushi! I live down the street from Sushi Planet, and like many of the reviewers, I have not been called to enter the 'cheesy' named Sushi Planet. However, I had heard the buzz that the sushi was fabulous, so I stopped in for a bite on a whim. I ordered a eel  avocado roll which was the perfect temperature and melted in my mouth. A spicy scallop roll, again beautiful and buttery. And a Ama-bi (sweet shrimp) sushi-- a favorite of mine which is often not available in Philly. The server also brought pickled cucumber salad & a striped bass carpaccio, compliments of the chef. They were generous and the ambiance is quite lovely once you venture in off of South Street. I'm definitely going back with friends. And, lucky for me, they deliver too!I owe my brother for finding this place... or not, since I usually pay. Sushi Planet has very quickly become our favorite place for sushi in Philly. Anyone can make fancy rolls (and they do that well, too), but what really stands out is how fresh their fish is, and how much variety they have.
I polished off a bowl Chriashi last night that had large portions of easily 12 different types of fish in it, and each one was great. You know you've struck gold when a place can serve you a bowl of just fish and have it go down flawlessly. Well worth the $18.
I also appreciate their generosity... the bass carpaccio and sake are always welcome.The search continues for our go-to sushi delivery spot. Ordered the edamame, pork buns, crunchy spicy California roll, shrimp tempura roll, spicy tuna roll, spicy girl roll and salmon/avocado roll. Had one piece each of the spicy girl and shrimp tempura rolls and didn't want another taste. The "crunch" had zero crunch in any of the rolls. The rolls smelled/tasted fishy, the spicy mango was too spicy and even the edamame was over-cooked and soggy. I couldn't believe how much fat instead of meat was in the pork buns. Scooped it out and ate the buns plain. Bummed, because the menu looked so yummy.After exhausting our neighborhood sushi selection (at least of the decently rated ones on Yelp), we've slowly been trying out sushi joints in outlying areas. We ended up having access to a car one recent evening and opted to utilize its awesome travel powers to swing by a new place, Sushi Planet. I ordered online via their website system (no issues and pretty straightforward), jumped in the car and did a drive-by take-out hit. Flawless.
We got home, opened up our neatly packaged sushi and dove in, chopsticks clicking hungrily. I took a bite of my standard fave roll, spicy scallop, and...eh. Usually I'm drooling over it, regardless of where I got it, but for some reason this time I just wasn't getting that sensual, silky, spicy in just the right way taste. It was just...eh. Not bad, but not amazing, like a muted flavor. I decided to try our other rolls with more mixed results:
Apple Roll (yellowtail with apples, topped with tuna, salmon and masago): really didn't do it for me. I was expecting some awesome freshness from the apple but nope. I ended up only having one piece.
Emperor Roll (Scallop tempura, avocado, scallions, spicy tuna topped with super white tuna): this one was pretty tasty, actually. The plethora of fish made for one big bite (or two for me), so the amount of rice was pretty minimal relatively.
On Fire Roll (Eel, avocado topped with crunchy spicy tuna): again, with this one the taste seemed muted. Maybe it was the rice? It did seem like there was more rice than usual for each roll - also, these rolls where cut into HUGE pieces. I can't fit those into my teeny, tiny mouth. 
I will say that the fish was fresh, so maybe they're just not so great with their specialty rolls? Or maybe I was having a meh night when it came to sushi? I still think this place is worth another shot, but I'll stick with the basics for that try. The waitress was really nice when I arrived, and they definitely roll out the sushi fast since it took them the same time to make my order as it did to drive from Rittenhouse area to them. Still, if you can't make me drool over a spicy scallop roll, something is missing. The question is - what?i was looking for a sushi place around my friends house and i found this one. The food was great and the check even better. Apparently they do 40% for lunch. Awesome!!!!!I have had take out from here with my cousin but tonight was the first time I ate here. The atmosphere was nice and less than impressed service. The food was good for the most part. I did not like the pork buns. Too dry. But to each their own. I've had worse. 
The thing I did not like was when my server said to me when I was ordering "maybe you're hungry but I think that is all you need."  I don't know about you, but I don't like to be told what I can or cannot order.  What I should or should not order unless its is something really good or really bad.  I think your job as a server is to take my order and put it in to the kitchen.  If I eat all of my food or not is not the servers concern.  At that point it is her or his job to wrap it up so I can take my left overs to go.  
I ordered a Kani salad, miso soup, eggplant for appetizer (these are excellent), I wanted to try the pork buns so I ordered them, then I also got a tempura spicy tuna roll. I had some tea and water.
After the server made the comment about what I ordered was enough food  I told the waitress that I like to have a variety of food ( I was contemplating on ordering a plain spicy tuna roll) but then decided not to because she made me feel weird. I shared my food with my friend who orders a miso soup and also a seared spicy tuna entree. That was good. So I did not eat all the food myself although I probably could have. 
Like I said, maybe she was trying to be nice and tell me what I ordered was a lot of food but she does not know me and that even though I'm 5'1" and 112lbs that I can pack away food like a big guy. I have a healthy appetite and did not have a chance to eat anything else today, plus I worked out this morning burning off probably at least 1000 calories and needed food to refuel my system.  Or maybe its because I'm pregnant!  
Still I do not appreciate someone telling me that I ordered enough food (too much in her eyes). Some of us enjoy food and eat with gusto instead of under eating or watching their weight. I don't have that problem and I have a very fast metabolism as well as keep myself fit so I can eat what I want and not have to worry about it. (sure as we age we can dont burn off as much but this has not been a problem for me as I cost towards 40.   I won't  be going back there or recommending the service to others who are always looking for new places to try.  There are plenty of good sushi restaurants around and ill find another one with servers who do not criticize my eating habits.  
Regardless I still left my customary 20% tip and tried not to take it personally.  I just don't think it is someone's place to comment or tell someone what they should or should not order unless they cannot fill the order.  Food I give 3.5 stars.  Some items I found awesome and some I felt were lacking.  Service I give 2 stars.  so I even it out to a 3.The name of this restaurant doesn't do it justice. For a place with such fantastic food and pretty good service, the name might deter some from choosing to eat here. But not me. Just off of South Street, with at least one parking spot available in a 2 block radius, Sushi Planet is a go-to for moderately priced, fresh sushi and a few traditional Japanese hot dishes. 
Nom. Nom. Nom. For sure. For the prices, the BYOB and the intimate setting, this is a clutch date night spot, fellas. But for single ladies like me, I bring my siblings and friends here. I've never had a problem with service, at times a little slow. But for a place this small, I would hate for my server to be on top of me the entire meal. 
I've used their website to order takeout before which is super convenient. The specialty rolls are creative and yummy - Mango Rolls, Love for Tuna and the Fancy Dragon all top my favorites list. 
Consider Sushi Planet when you're in the neighborhood and not wanting to drop some serious dough on dinner. It's everything you need in a local sushi joint. And remember, you're paying for the food, not necessarily the experience here.First, the positives:  The sushi is amazing, fresh, and delicious.  Usually that is enough to get a five star rating.
Second, the negatives:
1.  Service is sloooooow.  A basic dinner for two took almost 2 hours in an empty restaurant.  My glass was empty for 15 minutes before someone noticed (and after I placed it to the side so as to designate a refill), and then the refill took another 45 minutes.  Really.
2.  Sushi is overpriced.  Granted, it is delicious, but it is not worth the value.  If the service was better perhaps I would revise it later.
3.  Service is incompetent.  We were so fed up with the place that at the end we realized two pieces of nigiri were never brought out (but appeared on our bill).  We simply walked out because fighting about it was useless as we were late for a show.Always damned good!  Sort of sad I've moved out from my apartment in QV, use to go here all the time for some BYOB deliciousness!  Get the always fantastic tempura sweet potato roll.Really great Sushi. Best Seaweed Salad i've had in Philly thus far.I like many others purchased a groupon thinking i might as well try it. So glad i did! The rolls were really good. They also have a daily specialty roll which was fabulous(i went on a Thursday). The pickled cucumbers...which i guess are just pickles:/ were yummy. I would give the food 5 stars and the decor was really nice...They lost a star for price and service was a bit strange. I will be going back...and be on the look out for a groupon obviously they are offered alot!Poor service. Below average sushi.
If you come here make sure you BYO. You'll want to be at least slightly intoxicated.
Outdoor seating is a plus.Excellent service, good atmosphere, byob, yelp discount, fresh sushi, and decently priced is all you can ask for. Cant get much better in Philly. Pay significantly more or fly to San Francisco if you want better.This place is adorable.  I have eaten here and gotten take out.  The sushi rolls are delicious and inventive.  Their edamame is excellent and seasoned appropriated (a big deal to me when I am checking out a sushi restaurant).  When I ate there, I thought the place was very cute and my waitress was great.  I would definitely recommend.Finals grind = eating at our local corner store every night. After fifteen days of Moshe's Vegan Sandwiches and Red Bull, we needed a change of pace.
As we can't leave the house, due to studying and our lack of hygienic practices at this time, we stumbled across Sushi Planet over GrubHub. 
It literally came to the minute GrubHub told us it would with no problems with the delivery man/boy/sir (which happens EVERYTIME we order out Asian, aka frantic phone calls that need a translator).
IT WAS AMAZING! The roe was perfect, miso soup was not too "fishy/seaweedy" tasting. The Spicy Tuna Tempura wrap was TO. DIE. FOR. We also got the Volcano Roll that was very, very good except some parts of the spicy spread on top had large chunks of cream cheese. 
Yeah, just do it. DO IT!Stepped in Friday night randomly. Yummy. So glad I did. 
Had the tuna tar tar. Spicy tuna mixed with Siracha and on top of cucumbers. So delish with bacon bits in it. 
Then I had the the spicy tuna roll.    Fresh tuna wrapped in tuna. 
Service was great. Sushi was fresh.
So glad I had the cravingI hesitate to give 1-star reviews, but with sushi, there is not a lot of room for error.  I have been to this place twice.  It wasn't great the first time, but it's about 100 steps from my door, so I decided to give it another shot.  (We were drawn in by the 40% discount on special rolls on Tuesdays.  I can't eat any of those due to a gluten allergy, but my husband can.  In any case, it was not worth it.)
The atmosphere is pleasant as is the waitstaff.  I enjoyed the free pickles they serve as appetizers.  But that's where the good stuff ends.
It took over 30 minutes for our food to come out.  The place wasn't full and nothing we ordered needed to be cooked, so there was really no reason for it to take so long.  I think they lost the order and didn't start making the food until I checked on it.
The portions are tiny--especially for the non-special rolls.
The fish does not taste particularly fresh (generally) and the rice is not seasoned well. 
The yellowtail and scallion roll (allegedly a house special) tasted so bad (i.e., old and fishy) that I couldn't eat it.  To her credit, the waitress took it off the bill without my having to ask.  But now I am fretting about each tiny growl my stomach makes and praying I don't get sick.  NOT OK.  We will not be returning to Sushi Planet.This is the sushi place I frequently go in my neighborhood. They have various selections of special rolls and the fish they use are really fresh. All staff here are friendly and attentive .Very simple restaurant, no big frills, not at all expensive. I love that it's simple though; I just want good sushi, and I don't need fancy decor or anything. The place is somewhat small, but I don't mind it. The service is always great, and it's a great place to get good sushi on a budget.I've been on a sushi spree lately. Have about 10 sushi groupons, living socials, and so forth stored up and I have finally been using them to get a good objective dose of what Philly has to offer in the sushi department. 
I've so far tried Makiman, Fuji Mountain, and now Sushi Planet. Makiman and Fuji Mountain were outstanding, while Sushi Planet really was not that great and much too overpriced for me to ever go back sans Groupon. 
I have tried a Philly roll at each sushi place to act as a control in this sushi experiment. Sushi Planet's philly roll was as boring as it sounds. Makiman on the other hand really knows how to take a mundane Philly roll and roll out something amazing. Sushi planet's tempura sweet potato roll was also very disappointing after having the sweet potato roll at Makiman. Sushi planet's sweet potato roll was kind of dry and really lacked the texture that can make sweet potato go so well in sushi.
So one good thing was the Pumpkin Roll, however, this is the one that carried an enormous price tag. They did give a lot, but after five or so pieces, it kind of gets a bit nauseating having something so sweet for a meal. I think the pumpkin flavor masks the savory in this roll and it would make for a yummy sushi dessert of sorts but if you are relying on this for a meal, you might be missing the savory. Depends on your mood though because it definitely was a great roll overall.
I went when it was super empty so I cannot comment much. They took a decent amount of time to get me my food though based on how few people were in there so I imagine it might be miserable when crowded. The atmosphere was very nice though. Clean, quiet, and comfortable.This place is very small and quiet.  Prices are reasonable. The service was okay. Wasn't sure who was my server since two different people were coming up to take my order, even after my order was taken. The sushi was just ok, definitely had better and fresher sushi elsewhere. 
For apps I recommend: Striped bass carpaccio, steak (ribeye) carpaccio, and tuna salad (Tuna salad was pretty good). I also had lightly battered tofu which is ok, too much sauce that made the batter soggy. So if you like to eat tofu make sure you place it on your plate when it gets to the table. 
Entrees that I DO NOT RECOMMEND is sesame tuna it is very salty. I like to eat salty food but this was way too much. The sesame tuna comes with a salad which both of it was extremely salty. I told the waitress and she just said ok. (So already one of the server i did not like)
Sushi: was not bad. I had the Mango roll which is HUGE, can definitely fill you up. I don't believe in taking two or several bites for a piece so I usually shove the whole piece in my mouth to experience the flavor they put together (no pun intended). The Love for Tuna is good. Also had other plain rolls which is ok. 
They do serve you complimentary sake if you ask your server only if it's available.This is one of those times where I really wish yelp had a zero star option. First of all, this place always has a weird sour garbage like smell, which the employees act completely dumbfounded when you ask why. Way overpriced, especially for the mouse portions of the food. Not to mention everything other than the sushi is obviously not home made, but microwavable crap that you could buy yourself at any asian food market. There's mouse traps behind the fridge, the toilet, and I've even spotted one near the kitchen door WITH A DEAD MOUSE STUCK TO IT (hmm maybe that's what the smell is???). I've witnessed (who I assume to be the owner) sneakily take a ball of wasabi off of another customers dirty used plate and hand it back to one of the sushi chefs to reuse, as well as another employee take a flower radish plate decoration out of the FULL TRASH CAN to reuse it. One of the asian waitresses constantly blows her nose in plain view and not once did I ever see her wash or sanitize her hands. 
Oh yeah, one of their delivery guys is a convicted rapist! Cool! I wouldn't patronize this shit hole if it were the last restaurant on earth.Fantastic service (Elena was so concerned that we had anything we could possibly need), pretty, clean and delicious.
I highly recommend this place. The fish was fresh and the prices were extremely reasonable ! 
Definitely 5 stars!