Went to Sutton's on a friend's recommendation and was not disappointed. Great staff with welcoming and friendly environment. Nice menu with great food.  Perfect place for an easy night out.  Will definitely be going backWe just had a very tasty meal at this lovely new spot on north 5th Street. Good food, good service in a very cool spot!I like Fergie's Pub in CC Philly a lot.  One of his best guys (Niall M.) escaped from behind the bar, headed way up north and opened Sutton's. When you're in there, you can get the idea that it was run by a Fergie's "grad"-  good beer selection, a decent menu (but not like 47 things to get confusing, and yup it has vegomatic options) decent music playing, and the staff already know their stuff, even though it's a new place which mysteriously looks like its been here since back whenever. ANNND, it's not pitch-dark (like, say P.O.P.E., which is rough if you got old eyes, ha) ... and the music is also not blasting... just at the perfect level that you can't hear what the table two tables away is saying, which solves one of my character flaws, eavesdropping. 
If you're wondering about the food... sorry only had the mac n cheese and it was good.  But since there's a Fergie's connection, my guess it that things will be dependably tasty.
Only thing is there are two fairly unobtrusive flatscreens up by the bar (Fergies has zero TV!) ... but nobody's perfect. Yet to check out the rear patio (because it is December)... but it looks like it will be nice.  A real alternative to the Frankford Ave. crush; could see doing Sutton's and St. Benjamin's brew pub next door in one swoop!So excited to have this place in the neighborhood! I've had most of the menu now and have loved everything. My bartender was super cute too!Stopped in for a bite after work . Was surprised at the sophistication of the tap room on North 5th st. Delicious Meatloaf Sandwich and a great cocktail list. I think this will be my new first date bar.Fabulous neighborhood bar to watch an Eagles game or meet friends for foods and drinks...from the friendly welcoming staff, to tasty cocktails, absolutely delish food, cozy warm atmosphere, and even a back patio with heat lamps to hang out in the Winter or chill in the Summer!  I have had many items on the menu and you can't go wrong with any of them.  By far my favorite in drinks are the Sunday School Teacher cocktail and draft Sav Blanc and for food the Mac and Cheese, Gouda Tots, and meatloaf are to die for.  Can't wait to go back!Great spot- one to definitely check out.  I went there with my dear friend who can be fairly critical... but it passed muster in her eyes.  I was excited to see so many vegan and vegetarian items on the menu, in fact our friendly server indicated that the chef is also vegan (a cool tidbit).  I'm certainly not a mushroom guy and usually I yawn when the main vegan entree has a fungi focus... but the "pulled port" sandwich was kind of amazing.  How did you do that??  My earl gray martini was a unique treat.  I'll be back!Sutton's provided great service and delicious food and drinks. The staff provided extra support for us since we held a benefit there during non operating hours.  Everyone was great. I will definitely be back for a football game or evening with friends. Highly recommend!This is a very beautiful spot for a drink or dinner. Great vibe here. The owner, bartender, and staff were friendly and professional. I just had a bar snack that was delicious, and their specialty cocktails are very nice. Mine had gin, sweet citrus and a touch of bitter...lovely. I will pop in again. It is very new.So excited to have this across the street from me! The ambiance was great! Think industrial cocktail bar. The food was delicious. We shared a bunch of things: we started with curry cauliflower which was one of my favorite things (the serving was bigger than the picture. We dug in before I took it), pierogies served with amazing caramelized onions and a mustard sour cream on the side, and the quinoa salad. Our main courses were the Moroccan chicken which was moist and full of flavor and the fish and chips which was lightly fried and served with home made tartar sauce and seasoned fries. All plates were a very decent size and very reasonably priced. 
As for drinks we had the forged ahead which was Smokey mezcal which my friend loved and I had the Sunday school teacher which was vodka, rose, lemon and bubbles- amazing. 
I cannot wait to go back and try more! Specifically the mac and cheese which the table next to us got.Great little neighborhood jawn right here in Olde Kensington! Intimate, cozy and friendly; the staff is fantastic. Wiley is hands down my fave bartender. The owners are welcoming and approachable and I like that the concept is based on local, historical provenance (ask Niall to tell you the backstory of the OG Sutton's with the roof being torn off, and the background of the framed prints and ephemera gracing the walls).  The bar program is on point. Their citywide is a can of Hamm's and a shot of Jim Beam. The menu is pretty damn near flawless for having just opened, and I've eaten my way through about 85% of it so far in the dozen or so times I've been in (and gotten take out). The kitchen is open late, which I LOVE, and gives us a nice option locally for after-dranks dining. Best of the batch;includes the smoked wings, crispy cauli, fried pickles and the bulgar salad was the bomb. Burgers are choice, to boot. Thrilled to have them in the neighborhood and looking forward to springtime on their adorable back patio. Pro Tip: check out the wallpaper in the restrooms; chock full of local nostalgia and historic ads from Philly.Loved the atmosphere plus the drinks food and service are amazing! I will definitely be backI've been twice now and had the burger both times.  Both times it has been the best burger I've ever had! Perfectly done and seriously the best warm and soft-inside brioche bun. Very friendly owner and staff. So happy to have Sutton's in the neighborhood. Will be back many times!The Sutton's Burger with the blue cheese has to be in the conversation as the best in town and is worth the trip for non-locals by itself. 
Nice secluded back patio with cornhole. Get ready for the pun jokes because they come fast and furious here lol. Great spot.Delicious food, great beer and cocktail options, cute outdoor seating and great service. Hidden gem.Great spot. Beautiful design, refreshing drinks, and a well rounded tasty menu. Niall and Co have a great bar in an upcoming neighborhood. Highly recommendAwesome atmosphere, great beer, and yummy food. Decor honors the history of the building.What a gem! Sutton's is a perfect mixture of neighborhood bar and upscale cocktail joint. On my first visit here I tried a few of the specialty cocktails, and then went off-list for a spot-on perfect manhattan. The burger was a highlight from the food. Beautiful cosy/industrial space - deserves to do very well indeed.I've stopped by Suttons for food & drink with friends or family three times since it opened -  very smart, clean, & welcoming layout; a non-generic and fun-to-listen-to playlist that was not too loud, and attentive service at each visit.  Food - we all shared and enjoyed the mac & cheese, tots, and the cauliflower with the sauces. I single out the the BYO burger - this was ordered by a number of us on more than one visit and we agreed that this is a clear cut above the other burgers we have had at other Philly bar/pubs - the meat blend & its preparation stand out. Also recommended is the Moroccan chicken sandwich.  The cocktails are creative & expertly prepared (the Ironworks and School Teacher creations come to mind). Good selection of beers - no issue in selecting that pils or lager (or other) you want with your dinner. Parking for cars is not an issue. I anticipate that this place is getting accelerating notice, and who can argue - it is a destination for a memorable meal.We went to Sutton's for the second time last week. It was very enjoyable. The food is consistently good and the service is great. The server and bartender are very attentive. There is also a great beer selection. 
We wished we lived closer because we would go here for dinner at least once a week. Next we are in the area will be definitely return for dinner.I may have found my new favorite restaurant/bar in the olde Kensington area! The food was so, so good, drinks were great and priced well, beer selection was solid (not an obscene amount but all good choices) and the owner and staff were friendly. They have a cute outdoor area in the back that's going to be great with nice weather. Selfishly, I want to keep this place to myself, but seriously hope it gets more well deserved recognition. I'll definitely be stopping by more often!New fave! Our server was simply outstanding. He recommended the smoked wings which were the best I've had, seriously, and they came with a free beer! Some sort of special they were running? Be sure to ask about any specials they have, thats how we found out about the fish tacos, too. So good. 
We finished off the night with a dessert each. I had the budino and she had the cobbler. Served in a mason jar and ridiculously good. I'll definetly be back for the new menu our server mentioned. Excited to see what they come up with!Sutton's has become our local watering hole.  The food is unbelievable and the atmosphere is great.   The staff are welcoming and attentive.  They have excellent beer and will turn the volume up for any Philadelphia sports event.  Check this place out!Made our second trip to Sutton's yesterday and a few months in they are still doing it right. The beer selection offered great options and is clearly thoughtfully put together. My wife, who doesn't drink beer, had plenty of options too...and wants to try the entire cocktail list.:) 
The food was not only awesome but really reasonable. The grilled Veggie sandwich came on homemade focaccia bread, which was perfect. We split the homemade tots and the watermelon salad which included fresh arugula, feta cheese, mango all in perfect quantities. Everything was right around the $10 mark. 
The place looks beautiful and you can just tell that the owners have put a great amount of thought into every aspect of the place; you really can't ask for too much more than that. 
We walked there from our house in Fishtown and it only took about 10 minutes, if we wanted a Lyft it would have only been $5.50. I'm going to stop being lazy and make the extra effort to get to Sutton's more often, it is clear that they are making the extra effort to make sure you have a wonderful experience.Stopped in for a burger and beer.  Outstanding burger and fries, great service too.  Really nice atmosphere and the outside area is great too.  We will definitely be back.Awesome place to hang out with friends and family, great food and drinks. Absolutely Amazing owners, big shout out to Ashley and Niall to allow us to host the fundraising event for our dearest friend!!We recently held a charity event at Sutton's and it was a grade A experience. Ashley & Niall, the bar owners were more than accomodating to our needs. The event was well planned and executed. 
Staff was very attentive (even with heavy demands on the bar... real estate agents can drink) they navigated the space & the crowd flawlessly. All of our guests raved about the food - the tater tots & Moroccan chicken were my most favorite. Juice for the cocktails was hand squeezed by the bartenders so beverages were super fresh. The space was perfect for our group, very welcoming and versatile offering indoor and outdoor options. Can't recommend Sutton's and their crew enough. Thankfully, I live blocks down the street so I'll be stopping back with friends for after work cocktails and Sunday fundays :)Excellent food & drinks.  Curry cauliflower is a personal favorite.  But the best part is the owner and staff.  Just great people and great service. Cool outdoor patio with a tv.  
In a neighborhood that's in the process of gentrification with limited bar/restaurant options, this is by far the best spot.  That's not to say it's only good because of the neighborhood.  It's a great spot and worth checking out.Beautiful bar that has a pretty deep draft and can list and is super clean plus enjoyable. Food consists of normal bar snacks like fries, hummus platters, and fried things. Enjoyed the service and how many options were available for drinks. Great spot to visit after a hard climb next door; outdoor seating available too when the weather is nice.I hope this place survives. It was excellent. 
I think there used to be a factory over here that threw parties. Other than that it relatively barren. This little gem is hidden amongst the unfinished construction. 
The decor is pretty cool. Parking is easy. Food is awesome! 
We got the Brussels sprouts and cauliflower to start. Both super good. Then I got the mushroom salad and my wife picked up the meatloaf. I really liked my salad but upon tasting her I think she won this round. 
It's a little ways from everything I know so you'll probably have to drive. I implore you, try it. Multiple times. 
Only you can prevent foodie deserts.Great food! The tater tots are awesome as they may be home made and if so it's my fist time having home made tots. It's also great to have a bar/restaurant in our neighborhood.Cozy great neighborhood bar with a wide variety of beer. Had fish taco last night and it was great. Tasty and affordable. 
The bar is very comfortable with a very nice atmosphere, patio space looks very nice but didn't try as it was too hot out  last night, Will def go back to try the patio. 
Check it out.... u won't be disappointed.!Great addition to the neighborhood.  The staff is friendly and knowledgeable about the menu.  The cocktail list is inventive with a beautiful bar with plenty of seating. The ambience is welcoming and unpretentious. And let's not forget about the outside sitting which will be great during the warmer months but great now since they have space heaters.  Lastly...the food, wow, the menu has something for everyone.  Great choices for carnivores, vegans, and vegetarians. The tots, falafel, and mac and cheese are the bomb. I can't wait to go back and try other offerings...especially the meatloaf!Everytime I come here everyone who works here seems confused or entirely reliant on the other employees - it's important to have each of your employees trained to know and be able to do all, I hope they get it together and make it here, just not sure.I LOVE this place. I would give it 10 stars if I could! The food is always delicious and fresh, and the drinks and beer selection are great. If you like brunch, I can't recommend the fresh pastry flight enough. The staff is warm and welcoming, and the vibe in general is perfect. The artwork/artifacts around the bar are super cool, too -- very interesting, very historical, very Philly. It's our go-to place. A perfect fit for the neighborhood!This place has such a sexy, cozy vibe. And the owner and bartenders are so friendly. We wanted to watch the Liverpool game one day and they put it on for us. My husband and I have been here for both dinner and brunch. The food is great. For dinner, we've gotten their wings, burger, and flatbread. All delicious. For brunch they had house-made pastries that were so lovely. Their breakfast sandwich was also nice and hearty. And their milk tea took me back to my childhood. And we were pleasantly surprised to know that they carried Action Bronson's Stillwater 7000 (it tastes like a beautiful marriage between beer and white wine). Also, take advantage of their cute patio before the warm weather leaves us!Our friend just graduated from law school (yay) and we wanted to go somewhere in her hood. I came across this place with 5 stars (okay) that had a good amount of vegetarian options for my vegan/vegetarian companions. We decided to order everything off of the happy hour menu. Their happy hour drink selection is also solid. It was all GREAT! Only thing I wouldn't order again is the Falafel. It was kind of crumbly. 
Also I am cheap, I get it- but maybe add something non fried to the happy hour menu? :3 oh and the  wings were so good. They taste smoked, yum yum yum.Nice neighborhood bar. Overpriced cocktails and small  glasses. The food was very limited to typical bar food (burgers, chicken sandwich, wings, etc.). It's hard to mess up a burger in Philly, but they managed to. It was overcooked and tough to eat. The pulled chicken sandwich was dried out. Usually a restaurant will over compensate with the sauce to counter the dryness, but the chef couldn't even figure that out. We saw a couple next to us wait  for 30-45 minutes before getting their food. Maybe it was an off night, but overall really poor.What a fantastic intimate bar setting with great food! Menu had a solid variety of options - don't miss out on the corn chowder! Courtyard area is lovely and I can't wait to dine outdoors in the spring. However, I will definitely be back before then! The owner Niall is a warm man who truly cares about his customers. What a great experience! Tip: ask to see the renovation picture book!What a find! Who knew this doll of a little pub could be found in Kensington? Simple menu. Classic bar. Friendly staff. Great patio! Somebody threw some money at this building and it works. Wear something cute. LolI think it sums up my feelings that my stomach started to rumble as I began this review... A perfect evening in Fishtown at a relatively new restaurant - 5 stars for Sutton's!
We were visiting friends who lived in the area and accidentally missed our other reservations because we had spent too much time at the pre-dinner watering hole.  Having been to Sutton's on a few occasions, our friend raved about it and dangled the phrase "best mac and cheese in the world" before our hungry hearts, and we were in!  I was apprehensive about 5 of us wandering in around 7:30pm on a Saturday evening without reservations, but thankfully we were promptly seated in their adorable dining area.
Our server was super friendly and fun, he was being trained that evening -but his service was prompt, his jokes were funny, and he was attentive enough that we weren't searching for simple things like more water or napkins as is sometimes the case.  
We were ravenous when we sat down, and at the recommendation of our friend, ordered the Mac and Cheese starter and the Brussel Sprouts for the table to share.  I am not usually a mac&cheese order-er; but I have to say, this was damn good.  The bowl was piled high with delicious noodles covered in cheddar, curd, gouda, and parmesan panko crust - and for $10, it was plenty to share 5 ways - I even got a small helping of seconds!  Seemed like there was bits of carrots or vegetables in the mix, it wasn't too glutinous (not to be confused with glutenous - it was definitely had gluten), and was perfect for a cold winter evening.  The Crispy Brussel Sprouts were the other show stopper at the table - absolutely phenomenal.  They're fried Brussels Sprouts tossed with sea salt and lemon - plenty for $6!  I know that frying vegetables, somewhat negates the whole point of having vegetables, but just try these, and tell me you're not in love.
For dinner, the hubs and I shared the Warm Winter Salad and the Sutton Burger.  Both were delicious - see below for deets!
//Warm Winter Salad: We chose to add the Moroccan chicken - which was amazing - for some extra protein. This salad was delicious, the vegetables were all super bright and flavorful, and tahini dressing was the perfect amount of creaminess - I'd order this again in a heartbeat!  According to the menu, it's made with arugula, but that night it seemed they subbed spinach for the arugula - i REALLY liked the spinach though!  Bonus - it's served with more of those crispy brussel sprouts! (toasted bulgur, arugula, cabbage, fried Brussels sprouts, toasted almonds, with tahini dressing).  
//Sutton's Burger: This was a really delicious burger! We ordered it medium, and it was cooked perfectly.  The whole thing would have been too much to handle on my own, it was very heavy with all the flavors.  I asked for a couple extra pickles on the side and they brought out a whole bunch (of the most delicious pickles!!) - so I loaded it high with those crunchy vinegary pickles - it really brightened my half of the burger up a lot! #pickleobsessed.  The fries were really good too - the hubs ate most of them, though (blue cheese, sweet balsamic onions, fresh greens, garlic aioli, on a brioche bun with fries or a salad).
They had a full bar, and the drinks were pretty creative looking! I can't wait to come back!
This place does not take reservations.  It's only about 5 months old, and I can guarantee this place is already growing a cult following.  Check it out soon, before it gets too popular - you won't be sorry!Lovely structure with the most amicable proprietor and staff. The measure of detail that was put into this excellent bar and eatery is very wonderful. I was truly inspired with the majority of the wood that was recovered and reused just as the history behind everything. Incredible party time specials!Beautiful design with the most friendly owner and staff.  The amount of detail that was put into this beautiful bar and restaurant is quite remarkable.  I was really impressed with all of the wood that was reclaimed and reused as well as the history behind everything.  Great happy hour specials!Everything about this place is 5 Stars. First, the food: The Mac n Cheese was by far THE BEST in the neighborhood. My husband swears by the meatloaf! The Brussels sprouts for $5 on happy hour freaking superb! Second, let's talk about the happy hour: $5 specialty cocktail - strong and delicious! Third, the atmosphere: cozy & comfortable! GO HERE NOW!Let me first say...They did a good job! Ordered the Coconut Shrimp, thGo-Chu-Jang wings and had the BYO Burger. Everything was delicious. Can't wait to go when the weather breaks to sit out on the deck. 
I went again - the menu had some updates options - soooo good. I'll be back againThe Happy Hour (5-7 M-F) is a must.  They offer excellent food options and 3 cocktails for only $5.00 each.  Suttons is a beautifully decorated candlelit bar with additional seating on the outdoor private patio.  The craft cocktails are delicious, the beer selection is very impressive, and they also have a few surprises on tap.  I highly recommend the Crispy Cauliflower, Falafel, and the Brussels sprouts.  We enjoyed every little crumb, and cannot wait to return and try more delicacies with friends!   In addition the service is attentive and friendly.  The owner Niall made us feel like we were welcomed guests in his home; his conversation and kindness made our evening!!Let me first say...They did a good job! Ordered the Coconut Shrimp, Go-Chu-Jang wings and had the BYO Burger. Everything was delicious. Can't wait to go when the weather breaks to sit out on the deck.I don't eat a ton of meat or dairy, but was randomly in search of a good burger in the Fishtown / Kenzo hood, and decided to try Sutton's. The $14 burger is very flavorful and the optional toppings were great. I ordered pickles, caramelized onions, and mushrooms (hold the cheese) as toppings with a side of Brussels sprouts. You can get the regular fries or a salad on the side, but I really like how they have an array of other sides which include vegetables. Worth the 14 dollars! They also have a pretty decent happy hour.One of those places that's a hidden gem that I'm afraid to share with my fellow Philadelphians. But they are honestly good enough that they truly deserve the business.Stayed at Airbnb within walking distance and so glad we stopped by for our first meal in philly.  Came in on a Wednesday night and pretty much everything was awesome.  
Homemade tater tots - never had them prepared this way.  Cheese sauce was great and wanted more.  Herb sauce was even better.
Quinoa with falafel salad - really good.  Had some spice, only improvement was it was slightly dry.  Basalmic vinegarette would take this to perfect level.
Mac cheese - flavor and texture was perfect. Could have been warmer.
Service was great. Atmosphere was perfect - fun, not too loud, but a lot of people would make it loud.
Highly recommend this.The food here was great. I had the burger and ordered the Brussel sprouts, which was delicious. My boyfriend, friend and I really enjoyed the food. Also the costumer service was great. I would definitely come back.Just the name alone made me love it. I went this past weekend for a birthday brunch and this place is a gem! It was so good and so close to home that it may just become my new neighborhood bar! It gets a solid 4.5/5 from me. I went with a group of five and the group consensus was a very well-deserved five stars. 
Suttons is small, cozy, and delightful! The BOTTOMLESS mimosas were the most noteworthy part of the experience - made to perfection with a 70/30 alcohol to OJ ratio and continuously replenished. Five pitchers later we were feeling pleased and very buzzed. The 2nd best part were the Brussel Sprouts...I can firmly say that I've never tasted better brussels sprouts in my life. The recipe is super simple (crispy brussels just tossed in honey with a hint of lemon) but the taste is exceptional and unique! These brussels sprouts were superior to the fries which is very very rare. Most of us got the Crispy Chicken Sandwich which gets a 3.5/5 from me but everyone else in my party gave it a 4. The spicy dijon sauce fails to amplify the taste of the sandwich and its on the pricier side (adding a side is $2 extra). I can say the chicken patty was very tasty and came on a brioche bun for the win! I went with a side of fries which were good though nothing special but what complimented my sandwich best were the brussels sprouts. We loved everything and we will definitely be coming back to explore the rest of the menu! 
The outside seating is superb and its actually a closed-off backyard instead of being the usual sidewalk seating that's so common nowadays. Best part of outdoor seating is the decent size TV they have that's perfect for sport lovers! We went on a quiet Sunday with few people at the bar and even less outside so it felt like we had the entire backyard to our party which made us enjoy out time even more. 
It's a quaint and promising bar with excellent service that I cannot recommend enough! .Sutton's is just far enough from Temples campus that I'm sure few students have ventured this way to check it out, but THEY SHOULD! With amazing food and a full bar it's well above what the other campus bars have to offer. Tonight my friends and I went for the Super Bowl. They had free appetizers of buffalo chicken dip, pigs in a blanket, and pastries with savory fillings. 
I got the blueberry cider, fried chicken sandwich, and Brussels sprouts. My friend got an order of their buffalo wings. Everything was amazing and we will definitely going back!
I would recommend this place for anyone looking for some elevated bar food and a cool atmosphere.Wonderful wonderful service! The vibe here was sooo warm and welcoming. The hostess/waitress Chris was amazing and so accommodating. We had the fried pickles for appetizer and they were delicious! I had their take on whiskey sour..8/10. My friend tried a few of the local draft on tap and she was also pleased. Great place for happy hour. Loved the atmosphere I definitely will return.Great place.  Friendly service, beautiful restored interior and great food and beer.  I highly recommend the brussel sprouts.  Top notch sprouts!Pretty good experience on my part!! 
I went with a few friends and some of them didn't enjoy their meals as much as I did and thought it was a little weird but I enjoyed it mostly. 
It's a cute small bar restaurant. Not a ton of seats but was super nice and chill in there! The waitress was very nice and accommodating.
I got the school teacher cocktail and I HIGHLY recommend. Super light and delicious. 
We got the chips and guacamole- the chips were VERY salty and the guacamole was very "lemony".
The fried pickles were good though! I did not try the Brussel sprouts but I heard from my friends that they weren't amazing. The falafel was always a bit odd but still was pretty good. 
The BYO burger was KILLER. 100% you need to get that If you are in the burger, which I always am. Amazing blend of meats and great fries to boot!I am a regular, I live nearby. I go mostly for the drinks, best Dark and Stormy in the city and they spoil me by making it with real Ginger Beer, I am also a huge fan of the Sunday School Teacher. Katie and Wiley (Bartender) are really cool, they make it feel like your visiting a friends and not a Bar. 
The Mac and Cheese has changed a few times, recently its been a bit runny, but I usually start with those and the Brussels Sprouts, which are consistent and fan-tastic! I don't try anything new anymore, its too hit or miss for me to feel comfortable to do so. The menu isn't costly, I haven't done Happy Hour  I usually stick to places in the city or in Fishtown for that 
I don't know what happened to my favorite waitress, or Ryan the other Bartender I like. Either way Suttons is OK at best, I don't know how often I'd go if it wasn't two doors down the street for me.
Also, overtime it's lacked a feel good vibe, I want from my neighborhood bar. I think it's the lack of diversity over time, like I said I had a favorite waitress and some select staff I enjoyed and I've kinda seen them disappear slowly. It's a new bar so I'm giving it the B.O.D that it's still figuring the staff situation out.Best take out burger I've had in Philly so far! Soooooo good. Can't recommend enough. I can see myself becoming a regular here.I am THRILLED this place opened up in Kensington! I came here for dinner and was not disappointed. I didn't have high hopes for the cocktails but was pleasantly surprised at the variety and quality. We ordered three appetizers and an entree between the two of us which was more than enough food. The fried pickles and Mac& cheese were our favorites out of the appetizers. We didn't love the entree options surprisingly (not a lot of vegetarian options), but the appetizers more than make up for it. The place wasn't too crowded, nor was it empty on a Saturday night. Service was fantastic. I will definitely be visiting again...also, caught a glimpse of the happy hour menu and it looks like they have great deals!Sutton's done it again. Kensington represents. Chicken sandy. Burger. MAd drinks. Great people. There was a spill but it was only water. They managed it while pleasuring us thoroughlyGreat service, great food. They were super patient with our toddler. I know this is weird to say but their buns are delicious so get the burger or chicken sandwich. And the fries are perfect.I stop in here a few times a week since its in the neighborhood, all the bartenders give great service, clearly know what they are doing and are nice to talk  to. Foods great.  Definitely recommend checking it out if you pass it! The jerk wings and burger are phenomenal!Great chefs choice for take out!
Sutton's is just far enough from Temples campus that I'm sure few students have ventured this way to check it out, but THEY SHOULD! With amazing food and a full bar it's well above what the other campus bars have to offer. Tonight my friends and I went for the Super Bowl. They had free appetizers of buffalo chicken dip, pigs in a blanket, and pastries with savory fillings. 
I got the blueberry cider, fried chicken sandwich, and Brussels sprouts. My friend got an order of their buffalo wings. Everything was amazing and we will definitely going back!
I would recommend this place for anyone looking for some elevated bar food and a cool atmosphereWe stopped by on the way back from a Fringe Festival event at the Icebox Project Space in the Crane Arts building.  What a find!  Wonderful cocktail list, great on-tap list (especially for a space this size), well stocked bar, good and wonderfully prepared dinner selections.
Quick summary -- We sat outside on the back patio (there are also on-street tables and indoor seating, but I recommend the quiet and industrial chic of the patio).  Cocktails -- well balanced, interesting flavor combinations, well made.  Coconut shrimp with three sauces.  Crunchy chicken platter with a well-made salad as well as the Chicken Tingo Tortillas.  I had the tingo, and they (three four-inch tortillas each with a massive mound of tingo, vegetables, etc.) were fantastic.
Niall Murphy (owner) joined us for a bit as we finished.  A fascinating person who knows how to run a great establishment.  Good knowledge of the locale's history.  Showed us a picture book he made of the complete rebuilding of the space -- an amazing transition from a shell to a beautiful neighborhood space.
We'll be attending more events at the Maas Building and Sutton's is so well placed between Maas and the Temple Regional Rail station.  We'll definitely be back!Good spot in an up and coming area. Friendly service and tasty food. Pays tribute to Philly's manufacturing past.Great food! Service was excellent. I've been here a couple times and each time was a great experience. The food is very well seasoned and they change up their menu every now and then. Really good happy hour prices for drinks. Check it out!Phenomenal platters last week with my co-workers. But no fifth star due to mediocre service.Very comfortable space in what is definitely an up and coming neighborhood.  Friendly cool staff.  Solid draft beer selection.  Cool cocktails and great food.  Must have the meatloaf.... Best of luck Sutton's.At first glance, I was a little hesitant about the smaller menu, although sometimes fewer choices are better!!
My partner and I split the wings, coconut shrimp, and we each had a burger with fries (yes, lots of food). The fries were crispy to perfection. The burger, ordered medium rare, was juicy and flavorful. Honestly, the best burger I've had in a LONG time. I had room enough for a wing (top notch) and will be saving the coconut shrimp for lunch. The owner (I think) came to check on us and showed us an awesome book of the reconstruction of the restaurant. 
Re: COVID precautions: the restaurant is small, but has the cutest back patio with a TV and heaters. Everyone is 6+ feet away from each other and servers/owners were masked up and cleaned the tables well between each customer. 
I am not in this neighborhood often, but next time I am back I will return to Sutton's.Absolutely amazing food and service. I highly recommend stopping by for brunch on the weekends, they have a great deal on mimosas and some of the best plates and pastries around.This place was great.  Tried it for the first time the other night, went there because a friends daughter is now a server there but we sat at the bar. The bartender was on top of things and gave us a lot of input on the food.  Unfortunately they were out of a few things that we were interested in trying but that happens.  We had wings which were amazing and their grilled cheese of the day which was Jalapeno Cheddar.  So good.We stopped by for a drink not knowing the hours and the owner, Niall, told us that he would stay open so he could accommodate us. Not only did he let us sample the beer before buying, he also made us a specialty cocktail on the house. We were the only guests there and we had a great conversation with Niall. We mentioned our previous visit where we enjoyed the fresh food and wings. Next thing we know, Niall whips up a free side of fries and a few wings for us to share! We couldn't believe the hospitality. He truly knows how to make guests feel welcomed. He is also working on building an additional outdoor seating area that looks great. The food and atmosphere are on point. Niall really cares about his guests having a good experience. I truly cannot say enough positive things about this place. Highly recommend!A Kensington gem with a relaxed vibe and a simple menu inclusive of varied salad, app and entree selections.  There is something for everyone.  All  food is prepared to perfection.  The beer provisions are noteworthy as well as the wines and spirits.  If you're fortunate to reside near this locale or decide pop in for a visit this place brings it on with great drinks, food and fun.  Aside from indoor seating, there are outdoor seating areas in the front and rear of the establishment - I recommend the cozy rear patio.  My family and I find time to return as often as possible - wish we lived closer.Great burgers and fries. Wings with buffalo sauce always good, albeit a bit smaller than they used to be. IPAs are on the draft list. Choice of inside or out. We chose the backyard this round with the nice weather. Always warm and homey inside - looking forward to post-covid.  Great staff, always welcoming and friendly.This cute little spot was perfect to grab brunch. They offer bottomless mimosas which is great! I ordered the breakfast sandwich. You have the option to build it how you like, so I chose ham, Gouda on a biscuit. They make all theirs pastries fresh in house- so our server recommend to try it with the biscuit and I was not disappointed! 
I'll definitely be back, as this is down the street from me.My go-to spot for food and drinks. Amazing pub-style menu, awesome atmosphere and top notch service. The owner, Niall is super cool and always very warm and welcoming. My favorites are the wings, the fries and the fried chicken sandwich.