This place is really nice, very good food, good ambience and good service . Specially try their kebabs, they are really delicious. Will visit again.Excellent Kebabs and Lagman soup! Also loved the Samsa and Napolean. Service was quick and the interior is very nice! Will be back soon.The place is really nice and cozy. I have been to a lot of places with uzbek food and this is the best so far. I got plov, samsa, and jeez beez (fried lamb) with potatoes and it was good. Waiters were really friendly. I am definitely going to recommend this place to all my international friends and looking forward to coming again.I am so happy I ordered kebab and somsas and it was so delicious. They delivered shortly. Highly recommendedNow I know why one of their customers posted a Yelp review on how she doesn't want to reveal this awesome place. It is SO worth it u guys! The moment u walk in, u take in all of their culture decor and get seated at one of their cozy sofa spots. 
And the food! To be honest, after moving to the US from Saudi Arabia,I have never had this tasty Mediterranean styled food. Amazing amazing. A detailed version of my review will soon be up with the food and pics. Stay tuned! :) 
You guys, HAVE to go here!I have a new favorite restaurant.  I am from another state and there are no Russian restaurants there.  It is wonderful to find such a nice place with excellent food.  I had the dumpling soup and lamb kebabs.  Better than I had in St petersburg.  The napoleon was not as good as my wife made, but still very good.  I am looking forward to returning.I myself am Uzbek so naturally Uzbek food is always my favorite. Having moved from Northern Virginia, I was very delighted to discover a few Uzbek restaurants around the Philadelphia area! this particular restaurant Suzani has the best kababs, taste just like they used to back home!! The place itself is lovely as well! I love how they have decorated! Service was friendly and I was super thrilled that i got to use the Groupon and get an awesome deal!I recently threw my parents a surprise 60th birthday party at Suzani, and it was truly fabulous.  Everything about the event planning and execution was flawless, from start to finish.  And I'm an event planner by profession, so coming from me, that's saying a lot!  I met with Aziz a few weeks prior to plan the menu, and he was super helpful!  Everything was served family style, which made it very easy, and very fun - everyone got to taste everything.  Aziz was also there on the night of the event to help with the setup and surprise.  He and the rest of the staff were so kind and attentive - really unparalleled service.  And the food is AMAZING!  And extremely well-priced.  My parents were so happy with the party, and their friends are still raving about the food weeks later. The fact that this place is BYOB makes it that much more fun!  Wine and vodka shots all around!   The decor inside is also super cute!  Highly recommend for an alternative and affordable dinner out, or for a fun party.I came few times at this place already, the service has always been good, the food is very delicious and fresh. The ambiance is very welcoming and it has a really good vibe. I highly recommend it and dont forget to bring some wine as it's BYOB.This is a hidden gem in the Northeast.  We went with a couple of friends. It is intimidating at first if you don't know what to order.  Luckily for us the servers are amazingly helpful and friendly 
We started with the solyanka and avocado salad for soup and salad and had different kabobs for the main course. 
The Avacado salad was so good that I have ordered it as a take out dish multiple times. 
I did not care for any of the desert but their kompot was so delicious.  This is a must have item. 
This is a great place to have a date night. The setting is relaxed. You step out from NE Philly into Eastern Europe. 
I hope they keep up what makes them good.  
Highly recommended.We were welcomed by the Old World, rustic charm of the atmosphere & then our sourpuss server arrived, seemingly annoyed  and hasty. However, we were hopeful that the meal in itself would be redemption. We started with the marinated salad which was a mix of  pickled green tomatoes, cherry tomatoes, button mushrooms, carrots, Cabbage & black olives, all of which were VERY salty & sour. We then had the Samsa, which was a tasty dough ball of ground meat. The Kutabi is a very thin, phyllo-like dough filled with spinach & green onion. Zero crispness and just overall boring and flavorless. My BF ordered the Freekose which is literally a small dish of chopped chicken covered in a strange flavorless cream sauce. NO sides at all. I opted for the lamb kabob and it was anything but a kabob. The lamb was extremely fatty & bony  & there were about 8 small alternating shapes and sizes strewn about the plate, covered in onions and accompanied by boiled potatoes. All flavorless & severely lacking salt. For Dessert, the baklava was NOT traditional . There was NO honey, no crispy, buttery, flaky, stickiness whatsoever. I simply cannot recommend Suzani to anyone.It would be nice to write a review for this place if they were ever open when they say they are. I came on a Thursday night, the sign said open, there was no one there, no sign. For a second time, I called and made a reservation. I drove there and they were closed AGAIN and didn't even have the decency to call me and tell me they were closing. Good luck trying to keep any business if you don't even honor your reservations. I have better things to do than drive around town hoping this place will be open.It is a nice place for ppl who want to experience exotic food and experience. Food and dessert are both fresh and unique.This is my fourth time at this restaurant. Their service and food has been impeccable! They attend to your every need. Our waitress was very kind and patient. Today was my father's 60 th birthday and they made sure that he was taken care of. We forgot the candles to the cake so they placed a huge sparkling candle which lit up the room and my dad's smile! Food was delicious and they are byob ( can't beat that).Great food, great service, competitive prices. Everything was cooked perfectly and delicious.I am from Uzbekistan  . This place was very clean and family oriented. We are all love it. We're coming back soon!Really enjoyed the atmosphere, the food, our server was extremely helpful with regards to the menu choices. Next time we will bring some wineI really liked this place. I had driven by multiple times before and never thought of trying it because I thought it was something like color me mine. 
It's actually a restaurant, not a crafts store thingy jawn. Interestingly enough, it's labeled as a Mediterranean restaurant, but it's really just another central Asian restaurant. Think Uzbek or tajik food. Now don't get me wrong, I like that kind of food, but it's not Mediterranean. 
So there are a lot of these kinds of restaurants in the hood, so what makes this place stand out are a few things:
Service was exceptional. Decor was beautiful. Interesting spins on traditional dishes. I recommend the avocado salad. That was delicious. 
Also really good kabobs. Very juicy. And try their fruit punch (compote), I really enjoyed it. And they have ice.I loved the food! It is authentic Uzbek food, tastes amazing and most importantly it is fresh! Every single item we got today (Palov, lamb kebab, julienne, Manti) I also love the design of the restaurant it reminds me of back home. Overall really nice experience.Started with a yummy borscht with dill. Avocado salad with spiralized cucumbers and shrimp was refreshing. We went in further with fried livers and grilled lamb chops. Service was fast and attentive- food was awesome.Food was really good. Meats were nice and tender. Everything tasted very fresh. Interior design is nice and homy. Everything matches the Uzbek theme.I am glad i discovered this place the ambiance is so nice, the waiters are so polite and the food is really good, i would recommend this place a hundred times.This place is a hidden gem in the north east very delicious very clean great attentive service definitely worth four stars it looks like they get the China right out of grandmoms cupboard.We went twice food was good. But next time we went the owner or chef or manager whoever was extremely rude. He refused service and said kitchen was closed at 8:00 PM when their advertised store hours are till 11:00PM. Something shady is going on there. We will never go there again.Not impressed. Take out order.  Ordered several items, including cabob with rice,  told extra charge for rice,  I said ok.  They not only forgot the rice,  but charged me $5.99 for it.  
Food was ok.  Nothing special. Doubt I'll go back.We celebrated my dad birthday there. We had a choice to go to Uzbekistan or Suzani and decided to try Suzani. It was excellent choice, food and service were great, the place was amazing. Definitely come back next time we are in Northeast Philly (for Trump Inauguration?).Love this place. The Family choice of restaurants to eat at. Always bringing friends here to introduce this great please. They are very helpful to non Russian speaking patrons.Came back again for lunch later this week and yep, everything is just as good as it was before. Of special note is their lunch special, which is either $10 for a salad + eastern entree, or $15 for a salad + soup + eastern entree. This was great; I was able to try the Sacher Salad, Shurpa, and Kazan Kabab and everything was cooked to a T. My dad ordered the grilled trout and they really nailed it with perfectly cooked fish; moist and flaky on the inside with crisp skin that had just a bit of oil and a sweeter sauce drizzled on top. Waiter was again super nice; he even remembered what we ordered last time to help recommend us stuff for today.Excellent food, good service. Lived up here for a year and never knew this place was here. We now have a new local place to eat at when we go out on our date nights. If you never been here your missing out on a gem of a place definitely a Must Try local restaurant.Coming from a family who is from the Uzbek area, we know this cuisine well. There is a handful of Uzbeki type restaurants scattered around the Northeast Philly area and most have disappointed me regardless of their popularity. After the closing of Tashkent I felt nothing would come close. Suzani has actually impressed me . We ordered lamb shish, tomato and onion salads, lagman and harcho soups . All were fresh and home made. Only disappointment (and it was a big one) was their bread . Definitely not fresh . If they made fresh bread id give them a 5Simply the best Uzbek cuisine that you can find in USA. While I don't understand the huge amount of sliced onion served with each kabob order (& this is coming from someone who LOVES onions), in the grand scheme of things it's not a big deal at all. Everything was so good & fresh, from the salad with duck to my mom's beef Manti, can't wait to try something, or maybe even everything else!This is a very good looking restaurant for being in a strip plaza.  It has Persian looking rugs (Uzbek) on the floor and decorative fabric hanging from the ceiling (called Suzani).  Plus interesting booths.
The food is the standard Uzbek/Russian.  Their Shashlik is very good, and you can smell and taste the wood coals that it was cooked on.  All of the other food is pretty standard.  Salads, pilaf, samsa, etc.  So if you want the Uzbek/Russian food and want a change of scenery, this is a good place to go.Worst service ever ordered kabobs they were half done and half raw it was the worst we were waiting for a lot of time and the food came after 10 minutes the waitor would go outside to smoke and then come back and there was only one waitor there and the place was really Mickey decoratedGreat restaurant. Had tomato/onion salad, Greek salad, Dolma, seabass/lulla/lamb kebab, and chicken Kiev. With the exception of the chicken Kiev everything was excellent.  Have been to many of the surrounding Russian/Uzbek restaurants and  this is my new favorite. The Sea bass kebab was exceptional.  Will definitely come back.Food was amazing, top quality very well seasoned and plenty of it. The order got here earlier than expected which was a plus. I will definitely be putting this restaurant in the family's out to dinner rotation.Great place with unique interior and amazing food. Byob! There is no item on a menu you don't want to try. Grilled fish, salads and meat dishes made like hamo made with loveWe went for an afternoon meal between 3-5 and it was lively even then. I'd think one has to make a reservation on a weekend night. Great choice of dishes for a vegetarian! Listen to the waiters - they make good recommendations! We did not try theirs desserts but definitely coming back and will save some room next time.Great place to have authentic Uzbek food with family. The place look fabulous,  the walls and seeking decorated authenticly
It has great variety of food starting with kutabi with greens or meat, all kind of salads I highly recommend duck salad it has sweet dressing and garnished with prunes. The meat dishes was fabulous lulya kebab was outstanding. The home made Napoleon was soooo good!
After all we looking forward to comeback and try more new things.The food is ok. Service sucks. Takes forever and the waitresses are always on their phones. You have to literally stand up and wave after 20 minutes of being ignored to get their attentionThere isn't much to say about Suzani other than they have decent food and accommodated a large wedding rehearsal party. Suzani has Uzbek and European Cuisine, which to be fair I'm not sure what that entails. The restaurant was quite beautiful inside and seemed authentic. However, the food was nothing special and I felt it lacked flavor at times. I wish the waiters and waitresses had explained what was being served because it was pre-ordered food but nobody was sure what anything was. Overall, it was good but nothing special. There was free parking.This place was awesome. The food was delicious. Service was great, not sure what the other review said about host. They had great service. The best was the lava cake. Kids killed it. I had a taste of it, it tasted like the one we had at Disney. The bread was fresh. We will visit again.Date Night!
After a long session of silence asking my wife where to go for dinner, we decided originally on Chinese and had a place picked out.  Then, we had a change of plans for a place and type of cuisine that we've never had and we picked out going to Suzani.  We had a very nice meal.
The restaurant is BYOB, and we felt like we were the minority as we seemed to be the only ones speaking English!  There were numerous large families having a very good time drinking, eating, and having good conversation.  I think many were "in the know" about Suzani and we were just discovering it.
Wife and I came with our case of Redds Black Cherry, and first we needed some descriptions of the food from our young waitress.  She was very helpful with everything, and her only negative was that water was never brought to the table.  The restaurant was having a prix fixe 3-course grand opening "expansion" menu, but the Yelp discount check-in price was only good Monday through Friday.  Decided on going with the menu.
Started with some awesome bagel-type bread and ended up buying another one.  Hot, fresh, and airy, this bread a a major hit.  My Bigard Salad (smoked duck breast, crispy brushwood, sweet rainbow from carrot and red cabbage in fried onion sauce, raspberry, and plum) was really good.  Very colorful (see my picture) and the smoked duck tasted a lot like ham to me.  Wife's eggplant salad (fried eggplant, red and green pepper, garlic, and coriander served with vegetable oil) was also just as colorful, and really good, but not as good as mine.  This was not fully eaten, or taken home. Both salads were huge.
Wife also saw a picture in the menu of something she thought looked good and ordered it.  Turned out to be Uzbek Plov, which is rice with carrots, and meat on top.  This was very tasty and almost reminded me of a simple peasant food.  The carrots were really good and meat tender and flavorful.
The two kebabs we got, shrimp and lamb, had one hit, and one miss.  The shrimp was overdone and just meh.  However, the lamb was a hit with raw red onion and a red sauce served in an espresso cup which was good.  Almost tasted Greek with a forkful of lamb, onion, and the bread.  
Overall, we had a very nice time at Suzani, and would be back again.  
$62 including tip, no drinks as we brought our own.Wow! So we just found this little yet beautiful gem. We were looking for a place to eat and weren't sure what to have . We wanted something different and new. Boy o boy what a delight. The food was beyond words. We have been to Brazilian restaurants and the Kebab selection surpasses most of them. The meat cuts are clean. You don't get chunks of fats . Plates as LARGE is more than fine to share. It will be a water of money and food. So have fun and share a salad and a entrees.  
Disclaimer!! Yelp has this restaurant as Russian food but is not. It does have one or two dishes but is mainly Turkish (middle eastern and Mediterranean) 
Explore the menu every single place was worth it. Thank you Aziz for your service !!My first time visiting Suzani. The Plov was my absolute favorite dish. The rice was flavorful and the meat was soft and melted in the mouth. We ordered a number of kebabs of which the beef tenderloin kebab was my favorite. The mushroom and potatoes was also delicious. 
ChukChuk for dessert to top it off! 
Definitely a must visit!My first foray into Uzbek food, and certainly not my last. We found a groupon for this place and had to try it out since 'skewers of meat' how can you go wrong? Ate here with a group of 6 so we were able to share many options and the general verdict was: 'Wow, Zero misses with this restaurant'. We ordered two salads(one with beef, one with duck), the Manti, the Plov, a soup a handful of skewers, the Branzino, and two desserts. My grandma has a very high bar for restaurants, so when she is impressed, you know you're in a good spot. Everything was well flavored but not so strong as to offend any more delicate palettes, and the skewers and manti came with their own sauces to adjust for your taste buds. 
Some points for improvement: The beef and salmon skewers were fairly unremarkable, though the lamb, lamb ribs, chicken, and lulya were fantastic. 
There was a single server for the entire restaurant the (Monday) night we came, but he was very attentive and helpful with all our orders as we didn't know what we were doing at the time. All in all we're sure to come back, as there is still a vast portion of the menu that looked delicious, but that we were too full to order at that time.The chicken under cream sauce with mushrooms was absolutely fantastic. The restaurant was gorgeous and the service was quick and friendly. A return trip is definitely in the cards.My parents came here recently and absolutely loved the food!! The owners were extremely nice as well. Now I'll have to come here to see for myself.Food was good. Service could use some improvement.
Don't think I will return.Great restarant, plove is very testy, as rest of the food. You can bring your own wine or other alcohol. It was second time we came here in a week enjoyed both timesI took my mom here yesterday and the food is really good. The staffs in there is really nice and friendly. Nice place also. We definitely will be back next timeNow I know why one of their customers posted a Yelp review on how she doesn't want to reveal this awesome place. It is SO worth it u guys! The moment u walk in, u take in all of their culture decor and get seated at one of their cozy sofa spots. 
And the food! To be honest, after moving to the US from Saudi Arabia,I have never had this tasty Mediterranean styled food. Amazing amazing. Here's what I tried : 
- Samsa : A bread ball with minced meat and spices in it. This one was my favorite! 
- Kutab : Same as Samsa but the dough used is different and the filling can be chosen from beef or feta-spinach. 
- All Kebab platter : combination of Lamb, beef, Lula (MUST-TRY) & chicken kebab skewers. 
- Chicken Tabaka : Whole chicken roasted and crisped to perfection served with homemade tomato sauce on the side. Amazing. You can add a bowl of rice to it if needed. I did. 
- Napoleon (dessert) : I was flat. Won my heart completely. 
Isn't your mouth watering? See I told ya! Go ahead, you can back to Yelp later haha! 
Will visit again? You know my answer, don't ya?The food was very tasty and the decor/design of the restaurant is very beautiful and authentic.  The service was good. Thank you!Love this place. The Family choice of restaurants to eat at. Always bringing friends here to introduce this great please. They are very helpful to non Russian speaking patrons.This was a great first experience at Suzani. Not my first time eating this cuisine. We decided last minute on a Friday night. Made a 6:00 res. Grabbed a couple bottles of wine and headed over. 
The place is cute inside. Not fancy, but nice.  Lights could be a little dimmer to create more ambiance. Large booths on each side that can fit up to 6 with larger tables in the middle for big parties. 
We tried the Samsa which was outstanding. The lamb and ground beef kabobs were terrific. The bread outstanding. Everything else was good to very good. Service was top notch and friendly. We will definitely return to taste more. Gets 5 stars or on my out of 100 scale a solid 87.Fantastic food in a beautiful setting. My dad and I ordered the shurpa, karchou, and goroshoka soups as well as the bhakor salad as our first Uzbeki food and we were very impressed by beautiful and delicious dishes brought to us before we realized what had happened. The service was great and the food even seemed like pretty healthy stuff. Would highly recommend and am grateful to have found it.Went here for the 1st time this past Monday & can not wait to go back!!!! While I don't understand the huge amount of sliced onion served with each kabob order (& this is coming from someone who LOVES onions), in the grand scheme of things it's not a big deal at all. Everything was so good & fresh, from the salad with duck to my mom's beef Manti, can't wait to go back & try something, or maybe even everything else! I highly do & will continue to recommend this place to everyone!First time here after work today. I was hungry so I couldn't wait to try this place! I'm glad I did! I have the 4 type of kabob for only 19.99! The chicken was my fav out of all. I tried the homemade fruit punch and it was very smooth and lite. I enjoyed it. We also ordered the steamed fish. We ate it to the bones. Very delicious! The beard that came with our meal was very hot and fresh. Crispy on the outside and very soft inside. I would def come back!Restaurant had great atmosphere that reflected    a Russian culture. The sirloin kebob was great deal. The pieces were large . The chicken was very tender. Would come back again next time I visit PhillyThis was my first time trying Uzbek food and it wasn't up to par from what I expected. When my sister and I went in during lunch hours, we were the only customers, which is never comfortable no matter what restaurant you go to. 
While the interior design is lovely and the prices are reasonable, the food was not good. Everything tasted incredibly bland and not flavorful. We both had to add salt just to enjoy our dishes a bit more. Perhaps I lucked out with the food that day because it seems like they have many great Yelp reviews.Very friendly staff..luv their food specially thr plov ..decoration is pretty authentic tooThis is a great restaurant (local with NE Philly). I highly recommend ordering the Lagman soup, lamb and chicken kabobs. Also, don't forget to bring some bottles of whatever your want as this place is a byob!  This place is best kept secret in NE Philly!!!Do not be fooled by the outside strip mall appearance. We came here because of a Groupon and very glad we did. The moment you walked in you see how very clean and beautifully decorated the restaurant is. The food was absolutely delicious. Everything we ordered was filled with flavor. The server was very attentive, friendly and very helpful in deciding what to order. I very much look forward to coming back with friends. As we were leaving we noticed a prefix menu served week days. Now I so want to visit eastern European and RussiaThough you might not guess it from the name, Suzani Art Cafe serves Uzbeki food. Inside,  it is quite cozy with ample pillows provided in the booths. You can chew meat off the bone while snuggling and drinking whatever booze pairing you decided to bring. What is better than that?
The bread was amazing, fluffier than what they serve at Uzbekistan, which is my gold standard.  Kutabi, a savory pancake appetizer with beef and herbs was unremarkable.
I love some Russian/ Eastern European soups. Especially in the winter; that part of the world knows a thing or two about warming folks up. About half the soups on the soup menu I have tried and enjoyed. I decided to order a less familiar soup- the Solyanka. This included olives, lemons, onion, and a medley of questionable meat, it looked like there was tripe and salami in there. I enjoyed the broth, but would have liked a heads up on the tripe. I gotta gripe with tripe.
Lamb rib shish kebab is a go to order for me at Uzbeki restaurants.  Here, they were charred at the edges, plump, and gleaming in coat of lamb fat. I didn't go with a big group for my Suzani trip, and wasn't able to order as many of the dishes as piqued my curiosity.  A return visit for more skewers and plov is in the cards.This restaurant was clean, quiet and decorated nicely. The menu was priced fairly decent and the options were good. I ordered the chicken in mushroom sauce. My entree was good, but next time I will order something I can not cook at home. I will visit again and try something different.Can't say enough good things about my experience here.  I can't personally validate the authenticity becuase I've never been to Uzbekistan but it the dishes served were unlike anything I've had.  
We started with some bread and butter which was a warm huge roll that looked like an oversized everything bagel with the hole filled in.  We order seven separate dishes in total which arrived in no real discernible order.  As we've never had this cuisine we couldn't tell the different between what was an appetizer and entree.  The samsa was next which we each got one.  It was a flaky, crispy hot pastry stuffed with chopped very tender thin strips of sirloin (think cheesesteak meat) and onion along with tasty seasoning.
The Kazan kabab came out relatively early and was excellent 6 small pieces of bone in lamb on a sizzling fajita-style plate with oiled/buttered up potato slices.  Some onion on there too.
The dolma with sour cream was very tasty, an excellent balance between salty, savory and a touch sour.  Tender grape leaves with cooked meat stuffed inside.  
The real prize of the show was the sautée from lamb leg (see pic).  This was incredible and the waiter talked about how it was the real deal.  It came out later on during then leisurely paced outing.  We almost forgot we ordered it.  We also ordered a dish that a looked like a form of Eastern European lasagna.  That was good too but we were getting full by that time.  
Just expect an out of the box leisurely paced dinner.  Not a place to rush through dinner like an American and be open to trying new dishes.  BYO.Came in today with my wife not knowing what to expect. The interior of the restaurant is breathtaking as we do like carpet designs. We recently flew to Cappadocia, Turkey and this restaurant gave us the feeling that we were still over there. The service of our waiter Aziz was above and beyond, he basically advised on the best options based in our liking and he watched for us to not order too much, so my wife and I shared literally everything in order to try different options. We started with Samsa with Beef and it was pretty exquisite, followed by Bigard Salad the smoke duck breast that are cut in slices (kinda like ham you buy at grocery store) it was so tasty and the amount served was enough for two. Then the next plate was Uzbek Plov and the lamb was super tender and juicy, the rice omg, if you like sweets you will love it! Then to finish up we had Napoleon dessert, this i thought it was going to be like the Ice Cream Napoleon but to my surprise this was like a Baklava in steroids, it was very delicious.
Overall We are very satisfied with our visit and this restaurant is now in our we will return list.Came in for a late dinner on Christmas Eve, and would've been content just that it was open. So glad we came because it was outstanding.  
Beef dumplings and kutabi; Mushroom soup and Shurpa; Salmon, beef tenderloin, sea bass and veg kabobs; baklava and chak chak- everything amazing.
Thanks for a wonderful holiday dinner! We'll be back.I can't imagine why anyone would give this place anything less than 5 stars. The food is INCREDIBLE. The salmon kebab is one of the best salmon flavors I've ever had. Another favorite is the eggplant salad and the potatoes with mushrooms. The interior of the restaurant is cozy and beautifully covered in traditional Uzbek tapestries; it's really gorgeous. And, the meals are SO affordable. I went with my parents the other night, and the three of us ate our hearts out, plus had enough for leftovers, and it was only $40. This place is a gem. I visit it every time I'm in the area.This was my first time trying Uzbek/Russian food!! This place was absolutely amazing!!! The server was so attentive and efficient. The kabobs, samosas, seafood/avocado salad everything was exceptional!!! Oh and the desserts, soooo delicious. I cannot wait to return. The decor is traditional Uzbek and adds to the authenticity of the place and environment.
Myself and my group of 5 friends had a great time at Suzani!! This place is highly recommended!What a wonderful spot with some distinctive homemade cuisine!   While we were not familar with the Uzbek food,  the waitstaff did an excellent job helping us choose a variety of plates to share and explore some different dishes.    The standouts were the Kebabs and the Lamb chops, by far.  The meats were impeccably prepared and seasoned and I suspect slow cooked.    The eggplant salad and the Uzbek Plov were also a treat!      Finally,  for a BYOB with such reasonable prices,  the restaurant was host to a number of extended families dining at the same time,  but we were served with no delay whatsoever.    I'll certainly be back for more!Me and girlfriend went here for her birthday randomly and we were wonderfully surprised how amazing everything was. It's a pretty low key place, the prices were good and the food was amazing. Yoo even the water was Gourmet, it's a must try place!This is a middle eastern cafè and you really have to understand what you are getting into. Its family owned and the people there are very friendly.  The service is very very very slow but its not because of mismanagement , its due to the fact that they dont try to turn tables and serve freshly cooked meals.  They serve incredible food and they take their time with everything just like they would back home.  I ordered noodle vegetable soup and all of us had a Bronzino. It was truly amazing.  The restaurant is priced  out very well, the atmosphere is very traditional and beautiful.  I like that its a byob and you can take your time and hang out. Do not come here if you are in a hurry, but if you come for dinner you can expect to be here for 3 hours.  Ive been here for lunch and dinner and have had great experiences.Never tried Uzbek food before but was pleasantly surprised. We tried a few things between the four of us - the dumplings and the kutabi as appetizers; the fried lagman, pan seared lamb rack, and lulya kebab as entrees; and the tiramisu, baklava, and chak chak for dessert. 
Everything was pretty good. Since there's a sticker on the menu that the pictures may not represent the food, I'll try and describe each item for future diners. 
The fried dumplings were small and crunchy. Not too warm but still an appropriate temperature. Served with a red sauce. A serving is probably 20ish dumplings. 
The kutabi comes in herb and meat. It looks like a quesadilla almost. I'd say each kutabi is easily eaten by one person. We got two (one of each) and cut them into wedges. 
The fried lagman reminded me of Chinese fried noodles or an Italian noodle dish. Contained vegetables that were thick cut. 
The lamb rack looked good but I didn't actually try any. (Sorry)
The kebab was great. It was a lamb/beef mix and served on a skewer with onions. Very delicious. 
Tiramisu was served in a wedge more like a slice of cake that the square version I usually see. 
The baklava was different from the Greek/Turkish versions I've had previously. The dough between layers almost tasted like a pancake rather than think phyllo sheets. Still tasty. 
The chak chak was honey and fried noodles. Almost like fried Chinese noodles or a crunchy cereal with honey in a shape like you'd have rice krispy treats. It was good but not what I expected. 
Pleasantly surprised overall and makes me want to try more Uzbek food.A very nice place, with excellent grills of all types! Soup choices are also great! The ambience is also nice, with chic decorations & tables.Orderedfrom here a couple of weeks ago and I still remember how good the food was. Wanted something "different" and it hit the spot. Borscht, Eggplant salad, and Fried Lagman were all really good. Fresh, flavorful, filling, and not expensive. I may order again this weekend!We got takeout and were very disappointed with the portions but were hoping the flavors would make up for it and found everything we ordered to be lacking in flavor. On top of that they didn't include one of the entrees we ordered in our bags.Suzani has beautiful décor - the only problem is the tables aren't quite broad enough so you have to sit a bit forward on the seat - but the food was so good and the service so gracious that it didn't matter. We had the excellent borscht, with beautiful meat, vegetables and flavor; eggplant salad, delicious with julienned vegetables; the lamb chops with french fries, tongue in cream-mushroom sauce, and baklava replete with crunchy walnuts and honey, with green tea like in a chaikhane.  Great experience! Highly recommend.Love the dish, love the set and Interior. 
I really miss the genuine Uzbek and Russian dishes where we from. I just got off the airplane with my family and we're starving, and after searching online this place showed up first... I saw the images and they bought me right away 
As soon as we walked into the place we were welcomed with warm smile and were seated. 
Menu is incredible they have all types of meal from across Middle East to European fine food. 
Once the waitress took our order our apetizers were coming in and was soooo delicious and the rest of myths course. Defiantly recommend everyone to stop by and check them out. Really good place.This place is a hidden gem. Do not prejudge  it based upon its bland strip mall exterior. The interior is actually quite spacious, inviting, and has many beautiful, colorful tapestries. The beef tongue with creamy mushroom sauce was rich and delicious. The borscht soup was savory and left me wanting more. This restaurant would definitely be ideal for large groups or parties. I will absolutely be back.I have given this restaurant 4 tries, but I don't think I'll be coming back.  My stomach hurts after I eat any dish with mushrooms there, my clothing smells terrible when I leave, and I feel uncomfortable bringing my children with me or guests for that matter because they play inappropriate (nearly explicit) music videos that are not fit for a restaurant :/