I usually order my salad online so I can run in and pick it up without waiting in the huge line that is there ever single day at lunchtime, the salad is always incredibly delicious and you can't beat the convenience. However today I stopped in unplanned after running errands, to my surprise the line moved super quickly and everyone working was super efficient at moving the customers along, but each one still took the time to ask every customer how they were doing before taking their order. And my salad was amazing as always.The salads are great and always fresh ingredients.  The build your own option is nice and allows you to customize to your preferences. The employees are always very friendly and conversational which is welcomed.  The prices are a little high for the salads but you do get high quality ingredients. Can be very long lines during the week at lunch but they move quickly so don't let that deter you.This place is ridic.  Sure, the salads are great but, I just can't stomach paying 16 bucks for one.  Spinach, egg, cheese, and shrimp.  That's it.  Add on charges are crazy.  One buck for the egg, one buck for the cheese, and four bucks for a few tiny, tiny shrimp.  Rip off.The one on 18th and Chestnut is great! Really friendly staff. They can make custom changes to your salad if you so desire. Their salads are amazing! I personally always get the Spicy Sabzi salad. yummmmm! Lunch rush hour during the week is crazy, line out the door and down the sidewalk. However, the line does move pretty quickly! It can get pretty loud during lunch rush hour, which makes hearing your salad maker a bit difficult.
Overall though, really great place to get a quick and amazing salad! (They post the calories per salad, so it's pretty cool that you can get a great tasting salad and know how many calories you're consuming!)I love Sweetgreen. I adore it, but when I came here over the weekend, I was extremely irritated with the service. Not only did it take an extraordinary amount of time to get through the line, I don't think I received what I asked for. The employee put the wrong dressing on one of the salads. She left out one of the main ingredients for my salad. I don't know whether she was just extremely hungover or what, but as someone who frequents Sweetgreen in NYC, this was a godawful experience. Normally the employees are sharp and quick, here was a complete disappointment.This place is like the Chipotle of salads. I'm normally not the salad type but these can really hit that healthy spot! I have really enjoyed the combinations with the grains or the rice. Top that off with a little goat cheese and you have my stomach sold! They have seasonal salads as well as year round favorites. Another super busy spot during lunch time but they generally crank out the business. Plus you can order online and pick up when you get they. They do NOT accept cash which is always a little baffling to me. The salads can get expensive so be careful what you add on there!I could eat here every day. It is healthy food, they are honest about their suppliers and clearly label which ingredients are organic. The workers are friendly and seem to enjoy being there - they definitely received good training on food handling, have knowledge of the recipes, and are empowered to make things right when there is a concern.Delicious and generous salads. Very fresh ingredients. 
I can say that they are a little bit overpriced for salads, but I'm a fan of the quality and even the presentation.Tasty salad! Loved that they asked how much dressing--I don't like a ton, so a 'light' option was great. It was a little pricey, but no surprises there. Head's up--there's no place to sit at this location, it's all grab-and-go.I live nearby, so I am always around at least once a week. I love the staff here and I love the fact that they let you build your own salad. They are also okay if you want to order anything from their menu and make changes. They have a lot of options when it comes to toppings and dressings. It is possible to notice how fresh their ingredients are, which is a very positive aspect. Also, their salad is bigger than the one you'll get at other similar places for the same price, which is another advantage!SG is great for lunch! I love the full inclusion of proteins and flexible options. Vegan options a huge plus! Abut pricy, but other than that, I don't feel bad coming here from time to time.Ordered the harvest salad, which was very good except for a few stray uncooked hard rice grains. Would recommend for a good healthy lunch or dinner.the best thing that's ever happened. so delicious, so fresh, so filling, perfectly balanced... and i'm not usually a salad person. i wish theyd open a location closer to rittenhouse. i know plenty of people who would go there on a daily basis!Its cheap less than $10 lunch food for the health conscious and i am not but the taste of the salad is really good, im sold.  Lots of working peeps but they still got plenty of spaces to sit down and the service is fast they just talk so fast specially the bread girl yesterday i just said yes to whatever she is saying hahahaha, get the salad with chicken on it already as it's $2.50 extra for the chicken which is a rip off for the meager size but as I said its still within budget as it costs me $15 for the salad+chicken+drink, tip: the cucumber ginger lemonade needs more sugar so skip that, do the deep purple drink which tastes better. Service is really fast so if ur on a time crunch its a good spot.I won't even order side salads when I go out to eat any more because of this place! 
Best salads my taste buds ever tasted and I'm not too big on them!
Start with the service, you think there's a long line but with the speedy service  with the line to the backed up to the door your up with In 10 minutes. My server Riana I think her name was, was excellent remembered me from yesterday when I came and even remembered what I ordered only being here twice !!! Made feel right at home
Atomosphere -since it's right next to Jefferson hospital you get a lot of doctors and nurses older professional crowd
Food- excellent, you can get soups salads or grain bowls here all super healthy
Only thing is you can't eat at this location in the winter I guess ( summer they set chairs outside so you can eat) and they told me there's a rittenhouse location and a Upenn location that offers seating, this isn't gonna effect my 5 out of 5 stars this place is Superb!Everyone that works here is so nice! I love the Harvest Bowl, I get it with tofu instead of chicken and it's delicious.Im a fan of the one and only thing I've gotten from here... So this review is about that only salad.  The Rad Thai- sub spinach instead of the other greens- awesome salad, awesome dressing, now if i could only believe its 300-something calories. I could literally eat this salad everyday.I'm obsessed with this place.  I ate there three times for dinner during my four nights in Philly.  After looking at their location listing, I can't believe that I have never stumbled upon this place in NYC, since they have quite a few locations there.
I ordered something different each night. 
Started with the SPICY SABZI - organic baby spinach, shredded kale, spicy broccoli, raw beets, organic carrots, bean sprouts, spicy quinoa, basil, roasted sesame tofu, sweetgreen hot sauce, carrot chili vinaigrette
Then GUACAMOLE GREENS- organic mesclun, avocado, roasted chicken, red onion, tomatoes, tortilla chips, fresh lime squeeze, lime cilantro jalapeno vinaigrette
And then finally BEETS DON'T KALE MY VIBE - organic wild rice, shredded kale, roasted beets + pickled onions, local goat cheese, roasted chicken, raw pecans, balsamic vinaigrette
Ingredients were fresh and the salads were good size.  I did not leave hungry.  Very unique and delicious salad dressings.  
The location I went to is pretty much for take out only.  They had a few tables outside but no seating outside.  Service was friendly and fast.  
Can't wait to come back here when I'm in Philly or NYC great place for health fast food!This was my first time here after being a long-standing fan of their rival down the way, and I am so pleased with everything! It's like a Chipotle with salad, but one individual makes your salad/bowl to ensure nothing gets mixed up. They're so organized! The line moved so quickly, too! The only negative (but not really) is that they don't accept cash.Came in after a night of a stomach virus, needing some serious nutrients. I told the woman that I was just sick and she gave me a couple options. I decided to go with the Spicy Sabzi and sub tofu for chicken. She first asked me light medium or heavy on the dressing (medium) and level of spice (medium). All of the ingredients looked very fresh as I watched her make my salad. The portion was extremely large and personally, I think the prices are pretty low for what it is. I waited like 20 minutes until I got home to actually dig in. Not soggy or anything. I would 100% go back for this salad in particular. Its super filling as it contains tons of veggies, lettuce, and quinoa. But still pretty low in calorie count.
I also LOVE that they mix the salad and dressing for you. Probably my biggest pet peeve is when its undressed and you have to mix it aka have a food fight with yourself.The ingredients are as fresh tasting as I have ever had. The staff is quick and polite. I always get the Romain make your own. I think $10 for a salad with chicken is reasonable in Center City. The portion size is just right. I am a big guy and I feel full after one salad. The only issue is that they offer a frequent buyer card but only if you pay by credit card. Thats just stupid. Hope they correct that in the future.
Take out only unless you can grab one of two tiny tables on the sidewalk.I have been searching for a place like this ever since I moved out if DC and away from chopt. Honestly this place is just as good if not better than chopt. 
They have amazing topping choices, lite dressings, and some tables outside to eat at. All in all it is my new favorite salad spot in Philly.I LOVE sweetgreen! i am obsessed!! The food is fresh and the staff are fun! Nailed it.This was my favorite salad place.  I'm no longer going because they no loner accept cash.  Only credit cards. I told them strait up they are crazy.  There are some people out there that are old farts who still like to pay cash for a salad or a cup of coffee.Ever since I moved from California to Philly, I've been searching for a place like this! My "go-to"  salad place was Pluto's in Cali. Although Sweet Green isn't identical Pluto's, the greens available and signature salads are incredible and by far have more variety than Pluto's. I walked for the first time a bit overwhelmed and the guy making the salads was incredibly helpful. He suggested his favorites and answered some of my questions. I ended up choosing the Guacamole Greens Salad. He was super helfpful and the salad was delicious. I also like that they ask whether you want "light," "medium," or "heavy" dressing. Medium was just perfect for me. He told me to take a menu home so that I can plan ahead for my next visit--I definitely did and will come back! Glad they opened this up near the Jefferson University area..it was a great addition!Guys making the food are efficient and friendly, but the process needs work.  I ordered online because I was short on time.  Ordered at 11:55am.  Chose the soonest available pickup time of 12:15.  Arrived 12:10.  Watched as my ticket shifted back and forth across the board while newer tickets were filled. Finally asked why my ticket kept getting moved around and got my order filled at 12:30.Sweet Green is always a hit. I've only had one salad from here but it's just so good I can't bring myself to get anything else. The guacamole greens salad is amazing. So fresh and it's toped off with a Jalapeño Vinaigrette! My husbands go to is the Harvest Bowl. He cant seem to want to order anything else either because of how good and filling it is! The staff is always friendly and lively. Also their 'Beets Don't Kale My Vibe' slogan is too funny.
I like this location much better then the one on Chestnut. Although the one on Chestnut is much larger inside.I have been to sweetgreen a couple of times for my lunch and every time my order missed something or the other. 
My last order missed dressing side and this order missed quinoa. Its understandable that lunch times get busy. But they have 25 mins from the time I place order to go pick it up.Places Like sweetgreen are good on paper and in theory mean well , they just hit always leave me feeling heartache ... in my wallet. 
I stopped in a week post workout and couldnt really decide between a build your own salad or one of the speciality items they had listed on the menu. 
I opted for the build your own, it started with a quinoa base and i added beans , roasted corn , asparagus and shrimp. Everything is mesured to tiny cups and the portions are pretty small . Though the ingredients are fresh and local the price to portion ratio left me wanting more. 
They do take level up which is a plus ( the credit is 3.00) so your first meal won't hurt quite as much . I recently walked by and saw some outdoor tables so on a nice day you can stay for lunch .I love sweetgreen and I visited this location for the first time and loved it. The customer service was outstanding and everything was super fresh. Every time I visit I like to try something new and they were so patient with me as I tried to come up with a new combination salad. I would certainly recommend this establishmentDO NOT GO HERE!!! The food might be good but when the salad girl starts yelling at me about my order & then goes over to a coworker and starts whispering & laughing at me., I had to walk out. Does anyone in this establishment care about customer service?I love the other Sweetgreens in Rittenhouse because of the fresh ingredients and friendly staff but I definitely am upset with my recent visit to the one on Walnut. 
I was one of two people in line that had to wait about 10 minutes until one female associate rang me up. Her other associate commented on her "bad mood" as she pursed her lips and with a poor attitude, put my order together. 
Meanwhile, I maintained a positive and courteous attitude until the near end of my transaction where I stopped going out of my way to be friendly and focused on leaving the establishment.
The salad ingredients and toppings were all over their side of the counter and it was very unpleasant to look at. The avocados were also way past the typical browning color. 
Upon leaving, I held the door for a women appearing to enter and an associate I didn't get a name of brushed past me and her, to the point she had stumbled backwards. He did not stop and apologize to either of us. 
This was not the first subpar experience I've had here and will no longer be returning or recommending this location.Nice but there's no meat. 
I need protein especially after the gym. 
Meh
Nice selection of greenery tho.I paid about $13 for my salad and they forgot to put the avocado on it. I ordered the avocabo so to forget the avocado is pretty bad. I like that it is a convenient place to get healthy options but the prices are a little high.Found parking fast. 
No seating inside and just several seats outside. Outside = on the cold/rain in a slightly creepy street. We decided to eat in the car. Hey, we already paid for parking, right?
Sweetgreen does something to make salads taste so good. Happens every time.   Even when my salad is being prepared by a trainee who keeps asking for guidance. I go with either the kale Caesar or the lemon avocado something, adding kale. 
Good salad, worth the 20 minute drive, need more locations!This place is the best! I was not familiar with, "Sweet Greens', before spending time a Penn Hospital. This place was were I ate lunch almost everyday, I  wouldn't have made it without this place, for real! I am now a loyal customer! It's awesome!ive gone here twice already and everyone that works here is so sweet! plus the food is great! ive had the citrus shimp salad and now the rice bowl and i love them both! i will keep coming here!I usually rave about sweet green and their fresh ingredients, especially because I love to build my own salad. My most recent experience here, however, was TERRIBLE.
I did my typical build your own salad jam packed with veggies, chicken and tossed with a "medium" amount of dressing. Upon opening my salad at home, there was an instant smell.. like something in the salad wasn't good. The entire salad also looked sad and soggy. 
As I inspected the salad to find out why it didn't seem like my usual fresh and crisp sweet green salad I found that the broccoli inside was bad. It's leaves were a little brown and I'm pretty sure that was the instant smell when I took the lid off my salad.  I tried tasting different parts of the salad and found the tomatoes to be soft, the spinach to be wilted and the chicken was just.. bad. It had a sort of fishy smell to it and tasted like it was out of a can. YUCK. There were aspects of the salad that were good (almonds, corn, cucumber, onion, cabbage, carrots, cheese, chickpeas--yea I get a lot!) but it was all completely over shadowed by the soggy and smelly ingredients. 
The dressing on the salad was also pretty lacking and flavorless. If you do order a salad from here I would suggest getting it on the side and getting enough of it.
After this experience I don't know if I'll ever return to sweet green. The smell of the broccoli and chicken is haunting me.My colleague had a moth in her salad and always lots of bugs flying around there. I've been loyal for years and the staff is fantastic but honestly I won't go anymore with the hygiene issues :(((((This place is disgusting! I don't usually review places, but, then again, I never received food with a BUG in it before! What grossed me out the most is it wasn't even a whole bug, it was HALF of an INSECT. I couldn't even bring it back to complain, because my girlfriend and I had to go all the way home to eat (and we were starving) because there was no where to sit. Not, like, all the tables were full, because there is NO SEATING. You have to get your salad and then get out! So we got home, started eating, and almost halfway through I see the grey INSECT (I don't know what it was, and half or part of it was missing, but it wasn't a common fly, it was longer and thinner than that) in my previously-sealed salad. Once we saw it, we both threw our ridiculously OVER-PRICED salads in the trash. We also felt ripped-off price-wise because it was FOUR DOLLARS to add FIVE OR SIX TINY pieces of shrimp to my girlfriend's salad. My girlfriend was also really disappointed because this location doesn't offer half the items the Ardmore location offers. She wanted to get some frozen yogurt as well, but this location doesn't have it. She also told me on the way there I could get a wrap, but apparently this location doesn't do wraps either! Why exactly can they not make a wrap like they do at the other Sweetgreen's? When I asked an employee why they don't, they just ROLLED THEIR EYES and said, "I don't know." My girlfriend's always trying to get me to eat healthier, and now that I'm getting older I'm definitely more open to it, but when it comes to Sweetgreen, NEVER AGAIN!I would have given sweetgreen 4 stars because I really do like them. The ingredients are fresh and the portion size is actually quite large.  My main complaint, though, is that they just switched to a no-cash system. I'm fine using my credit or debit card, but for some reason, they didn't give me an opportunity to leave a tip through my card and I only had a $20 on me. Since they're no longer dealing with cash, I couldn't break my bill and leave a tip. I have no clue why they decided to go cashless, but please bring the Benjamins back!Philadelphia Sweetgreen's consistently shine!  While back in my old stomping ground of Philadelphia, I wanted to see how the Center City location compared to my previous U City fav.  I had the seasonal spicy chicken which, once again, reminded me just how amazing their chefs are.  Great combination of spicy veggies, perfectly cooked chicken, and the right portion of all ingredients.  The only downside at this location is no indoor seating, but on a nice night, sitting outside allows for fantastic people watching.  Lastly, this location is testing no cash so make sure you have the app.  You have the Sweetgreen app right? :)Just okay. If you're dying for a fresh expensive salad, here it is! The salads are very good and they do give you a big bowl of it with a slice of bread. Service is okay. Kinda slow. There are plenty of options (kale, arugula, spinach, and mixed greens) and plenty of toppings and proteins. They ran out of spinach and said it would take a few minutes for them to get some. Fast forward a few minutes of waiting, some employee half heartedly washing spinach while conversing with other staff and I just gave up and ordered. Overall, I'm not impressed though especially with the price.Guacamole Greens salad was enjoyable.  But as previous reviews have stated, the bang for the buck isn't there.  $10.15 for a hipster salad.  I'd be hard pressed to go back.  Since Salad Works closed close by, not many "salad" restaurants available. Salad Works seemed to be a better bargain and bigger portions. Would have given a max 3.5 starts if that was an option.Love the salads. They are also pretty big. I usually eat half for lunch and save the rest for dinner. 
 The spicy szbabi (not sure if spelling correct) is my favorite. 
The only down fall is that they are pretty slow when making the salads. I timed how slow exactly last time I went in. Took them 8 minutes to make the salad and complete the transaction. Not effective when taking a lunch break and in a rush. 
Place is really clean inside and they just added some tables for outside seating.I come here almost daily, which is definitely a hit on my wallet but I can't ever get myself to go anywhere else. The salads are delicious (I get the make your own with kale/spinach, corn, mushrooms, spicy broccoli, grape tomatoes, avocado, egg, and falafel w/ cucumber basil dressing. Trust me, lots of thought has gone into perfecting that combo) and I consistently get a beautiful salad that actually keeps me full. 
The service is super friendly and efficient! Today, just as I was about to pay, the manager came out and told me that my salad was on the house. It was a lovely surprise out of nowhere. 
High prices, but the food tastes delicious and makes you feel great afterwards. Definitely recommend!All of the signature salads I have had area sooo delicious.  It's a little pricy but you get a fairly large high quality meal for what you pay.  I tend not to go write at lunch time but every time I go its also very fast.Good location and good food. A little more expensive than your typical salad joint, but you can taste the difference. Their handcrafted salads are amazing and help you forget that you're skipping out on that cheeseburger. 
My Santorini salad was amazing. The shrimp was perfectly combined with the fresh lemon juice  and cheese. I wish I had seen the lemonades before I paid, they looked amazing! I'll definitely be going back soon.Fresh food, fast service, fantastic flavor: Trifecta!! I would eat here every week if I could. The salads never disappoint and I really appreciate how fast and friendly the staff is. I highly recommend and encourage anyone who hasn't gone to stop by and get a salad - it will change your mind about salads!!!I stopped eating my Harvest Bowl to write this review. Yo....Fam.... this food is good. I have been avoiding this place solely because I didn't like the look of the clientele. I know... its dumb. But seriously I cannot take one more trendy place full of center city people being trendy. I kept seeing all these "twenty-somethings" walking by with Sweetgreen bags. Oh really? Farm raised and non GMO and whatever else is in the news. Just because you eat stuff grown near your house doesn't make you Mother Theresa.
 I was so darn wrong. Forgive me everyone who ever walked by me with a bag. Their portions are perfect, the food is fresh and flavorful (goat cheese, apples, wild rice, kale, other stuff with balsamic dressing) and the bread tastes like it was baked in heaven by the sweetest angel ever created. They didn't have any butter, but that's what I get for ever doubting them in the first place. The punishment is sufficient for the offense! I cannot afford another addiction. I am spending enough in therapy trying to work through them, but darn it.... I'm going back tomorrow.My first time trying out Sweet Green Salad today and I'm very glad that I did. The young lady that helped Me was super friendly and helped Me on picking the best salad I've have had in a longggg time. I'm a very picky eater. And I was one hundred percent with everything that was made for Me. I got the earth salad with tofu instead of chicken and with the lime-cilantro dressing.
Sooooooo delicious!!! Super gracious customer service. Will be a returning customer! Highly recommend!!!Best salads, the make your own gives you lots of options, but be ready to pay the price if you go crazy though!The salads were good could have been a little bit more fresh since I paid $50 for three salads and two drinks. The two women making our salads had the worst attitudes!  I usually don't write bad reviews but the customer service was terrible!Fresh salad, any way you want it - or just like they've already tried that tastes great- it always ended with a wish to make it that good at home! LOVE that all ingredients are locally & organically sourced as much as possible. They don't skimp, putting 5lbs of salad in a 10" to go bowl, including a slice of fresh bread. The first time I ordered it looked like too much so I shared it. 
It's probably the right portion to share, but I had no problem eating the next bowl all by myself :)
I love salads, mom raised me right, but love my protein, too. This is not a Vegetarian joint; choose from chicken, fish, tofu, even lime shrimp. 
The only negative is the bowls. They can be greasy on the outside and are not leakproof at the seams. Always get it in a bag with extra napkins
O - and some interesting drink choices here, too.I LOVE this place! It's my favorite go-to lunch spot in the city. You'll likely be alarmed by the length of the line at lunch time, but don't worry, it moves quickly and it's worth the wait. Or, you can always order ahead online.
Everything is so fresh. You can select one of their special salads, quinoa/rice bowls or build your own. They have a great variety of ingredients - ranging from falafel, brussels sprouts, avocado, sweet potatoes, pears, roasted turkey and more! The hummus tahina salad is my favorite but I haven't been disappointed with anything else yet! 
They always have samples of their latest seasonal salad so you can taste test something new. The staff is usually so friendly - chatting with you while they make your salad. 
They're opening a new location at 18th and Chestnut any day now! :)So happy this opened near my work! I like my salads complicated with a million ingredients and that is exactly what you get here. Fresh materials in interesting combos. It does cost a pretty penny so it ends up being my end of the week treat. Love the harvest bowl and earth bowl because the grains make me feel fuller. Avocabo is great too. They also have a rewards app, for every $99 you save $9. With $10 salads that reward comes by quickly.Their salads are huge!!! I love the options and the specialty salads they create - some of these are even seasonal based on the produce they get. This is great because you always have a new option when you order a salad!
I ordered a simple kale apple specialty salad (don't remember the full name), but you also get your choice of salad dressing. Even though there weren't too many ingredients in the salad, it was so fresh, flavorful, and delicious. That's a winner salad right there. The piece of bread that comes with the salad is also incredibly yummy. I also got a cucumber limeade drink - not sweet at all and more of a refreshing hydrating drink.
Staff was friendly and on top of everything. Prices are on the high side, but you're getting local and fresh produce so that's understandable. There is plenty of seating at this location and makes for the perfect quick lunch spot.What's the point of ordering ahead online if you're food isn't made yet and you have to wait longer than the regular line.  One person both making the pick-up orders and working the register vs six for the regular line.  Great system, never again.Just finished my custom sweetgreen salad.  All in all, I was totally pleased.  As mentioned I went the custom route w/ kale, cilantro, avacado, beets, corn, black beans, egg & chicken.  Can't say enough about the freshness of all of the ingredients.  My total came to around $10, but the portions were so hefty, this will likely serve as my dinner tonight too. (my rationale: that's a $5 meal, and you can't beat that!)
The line was pretty long, but moved rather quickly - the wait, order and paymnet process probably took a total of 10 mins.Food is very filling and tasty. However, the person whom waited on me was not particularly nice.  Due to this I will not be returning to this locationDidn't get my salad - they refuse cash
In a locale with mainly unhealthy food options and many who seem low income about (less access to credit debit ) in my travels I had discovered this chain as a healthy alternative - but with this policy that discriminates against the poor I will not eat there - even at locales that do. Healthy food should be accessible to allAs a Vegetarian by Birth,I am always looking for vegetarian options.I didn't like the taste of this salad.I will say not a big fan of sweet green.One time eat.overpriced.  got their salmon and also delicious it was so small. expensive for the fact that I was still so hungry afterwards!I'm not huge on salads but sometimes you really just want one. If the 30 person line out the door wasn't indication enough, I was not disappointed. The Zahav special was amazing albeit available for a limited time.
Pro Tip:
Get the app and order in advance. That line at lunch time is no freaking joke. Plus you get a free salad for every ten ordered through the appOnce you get to the custom salads, things get a little pricey for a salad, but overall, one of these salad bowls fills me up, personally, for half a day! 
Highly recommend the shrimp rad thai!!! It's fresh, has a lemon tang, and asian flavors!!I freaking love sweet greens. Their food is fresh, made to order, and delicious. You can customize as much or as little as you want. And they are very sensitive to dietary restrictions. They are expensive, but depending on how much you eat their salad could count as two meals its so big. And it's healthy. When I worked close I was here 3 or 4 times a week. Now that I'm a little farther away I go for dinner. I wish I had a place to sit down that wasn't outside, but other than that I have no complaints.They didn't chop my salad! It was literally carelessly filled with ingredients and tossed into a bowl. 2 stars for decent taste but could definitely have been better if mixed properly.I can't even get out the door without writing a review. After paying $13+ for my salad, I asked about bread. I was told it's not ready yet. Seriously? It's lunchtime and the buckwheat bread that's clearly offered on the menu with EVERY salad isn't ready?! In essence, I've already paid for it. Not a good first impression. Hope the salad doesn't continue the bad taste already left in my mouth. Incidentally, everyone else after me asked for bread as well. And how about next time scooping out the entire half of the avocado, not just 3/4s.When it comes to food, you see... I like to describe myself as a carnivore. But I heard great things about this place and decided to give this a try. I should be eating healthier anyways. 
I ordered the harvest bowl for pickup and they forgot to give me the balsamic vinaigrette. My bowl ended up being very very dry. This ruined the whole salad experience for me. The bowl was hard to chew, it didn't feel fresh either. By the end of my meal my jaw was aching. It was like my jaw had its own workout. I like the components of the bowl..the chicken being my favorite part. Maybe I will give this place another shot in the future but for now, my experience wasn't that great
I like how they place the calories of each food item. There were definitely some high calories ones to be aware of if you want to eat light that day.This place is awesome if you're looking for a healthier option. The food is tasty and affordable. I ordered online before leaving work, and the food was ready and waiting for me when I got there.On opening day, it is expected that you will run out of certain things. Here it was all of the meat, caramelized onions and roasted sweet potatoes. The salad is good. However, I find it kind of appalling to make people wait 35 minutes in line and not indicate to customers at any point that they have run out of these items. By the time I had the chance to order  it was too late for me to dine elsewhere. I'll give this place another chance once all the hoopla dies down.Ok whelp, I like the idea of sweet green and have no problems with the other location, but this location has given myself and two other people pretty serious intestinal  distress on separate occasions. I'm thinking they are improperly handling their grains and lettuces and things are getting all contaminated up and then making a beeline from my mouth to colon to plumbing. Sorry sweet green, I'm gonna have to unfriend youThis is probably my favorite place to eat in philly because the ingredients are fresh and the staff is always pleasant. I however had my first unpleasantness experience today because the amount of herbed falafel that was in my salad was .. minuscule (4 pieces). I ordered a make your own salad with a kale and arugula base, beets, sweet potatoes, tomatoes, carrots, corn and feta cheese; the premium I added was the herbed falafel. I'll probably not order the falafel again but will definitely be coming back for more salads!Visiting from out of town, I went here for dinner. Fun and quirky restaurant and very healthy. You get to choose your base (type of lettuce) and then your toppings (egg, avocado, carrots, etc). 
We went later in the evening around 630 but they had already run out of most toppings and dressing and the staff didn't seem like they knew how to problem solve the situation. For example, they ran out of balsamic vinegarette; the worker just left the salad and said we are out. I would say the customer service is not the greatest. I tried to order avocado and hummus, listed as 1.95 on the menu, however they wouldn't give it to me unless I purchased a salad. 
Despite the customer service, the food was very tasty and fresh. Loved that it was a farm to table restaurant. Our salad was a bit dry from lack of dressing but I would try this place againI have never woken up craving a salad before (it's kind of scary actually haha)... but sweet greens has revolutionized my appetite cravings! I enjoy my greens but never imagined myself to be a salad person after this experience! Sad this location does not indoor seatings, only outdoors. 
FRESHEST you'll get: the vegetables, greens, fruits, and meat/seafood because they only carry local farmer produce! Go them! 
My favorites: Guacamole Green! 
Try their homemade dressings: Spicy Cashew if you like boldness and a kick to your salad.
IF YOURE A REGULAR, GET THEIR APP to start an account: every $99 you spend, $9 free back to you!This is my favorite lunch spot! 
Listen, sometimes this place gets packed. Sometimes they get backed up. You all must understand this. The service staff does the best they can with all you basics trying to get your salad on.
With that being said, my go-to is ordering on the app and picking it up. I haven't had any errors with my salad or warm bowl or complaints in that regard. Sometimes I ask for extra bread and guess what? They'll throw me a slice. The employees are nice there, and seem like they have fun which is cool. 
I recommend the harvest bowl and the Mexican bowl I had recently, I forget the name but it had roasted corn and goat cheese involved and it was awesome. Just order ahead and you'll be all good.Good food VERY slow service. Lots of employees but they're more interested in gabbing with each other than in keeping the (long) line moving. Sometimes I think that all the "team building" at Sweet Green is more beneficial for the staff than the customers. If you're tight for time, this is not your place.Great food. Good location. The WORST possible store layout/entry for a newly-built crowded lunch spot with zero interior seating.I opt to mix my own salads and love all the choices! The salads are pretty large and I don't think that they are stingy but yes maybe a little expensive. The staff always seem like they are in a bad mood :(All I wanted was a Salad on my lunch break so I decided to finally try sweet green after looking at the menu. Unfortunately I never got to try it cause they don't accept cash! Of course with my luck all I had was cash cause I didn't grab my wallet as I was in a rush. Don't know if I'll be back.I am PICKY with my salads! They need to be chock full of nutrients, tasty, and filling enough that I'm not hungry in an hour. This place satisfies all of that! My favorite is spicy sabzi with miso ginger dressing.
I order online and skip the usual long line which makes the whole experience a lot more pleasant!You know I used to love coming to sweet green. The salad tasted fresh the portions were generous and the bread, while never great, was free and pretty good! In the last year or so they seem to have really taken a dive in quality. Maybe they expanded too fast. Maybe online ordering and custom salad orders have pushed their capacity to the breaking point. Regardless the salads just aren't the same. What we ate tonight was fine (a guacamole greens and kale Cesar). My guacamole green was missing chips and the onions were cut into chunks rather than diced. But it tasted fine. The bread was atrocious (over baked, dry, and flavorless) but it was free. 
There's nothing wrong with the food here; it's just missing that extra dash of something that made dropping $10 on a salad feel virtuous.Delicious, fresh, quick, and good value. Some interesting salad add-in options (sweet potato, fried mushrooms, nuts, seeds) and they don't skimp on the portions. Would come back in an instant.Great food but lines are very long and service is slow.  At non-peak hours, there is usually still a long line but there are only 2-3 servers available, way too few to keep up without making customers wait unreasonably long. I frequently leave before being served because I am out of time and the line is moving too slowly. The few servers on duty are often filling online or phone orders so people languish in line while the servers fill orders for "invisible" customers...very frustrating for those of us hoping to have a server give us the nod.Oh how I wish I could eat sweetgreen for every meal.. Always so fresh and tasty- you forget you're eating a salad! The restaurant is casual with seating in the back and chipotle style ordering. There are awesome menu options and you can also create your own using plenty of unique seasonal ingredients. Their pesto dressing is my favorite. Their salads with a protein are around $10 so this isn't necessarily a cheap lunch option but the portions are generous and the food is as fresh as you can get. 
Pro tip: Download the app and order in advance. The line at lunch time, especially on week days, gets crazy. It usually moves pretty quickly (10-20 minutes), but worth ordering in advance is possible.One of the best salads in Philly! I had the Hummus Tahina. Can't wait to go back and try more. Staff was super friendly. I had to wait a few extra minutes as there was no falafel ready so they were kind enough to give me a complimentary beverage. I would advise ordering online for pickup because the lines can get crazy. They do move fast however. Only thing I would suggest is making the ordering process easier. I would have loved to create my own, but being my first time there, I was confused as to how many ingredients were included and what the options even were. So I just ended up ordering a signature one because I didn't want to hold up the line behind me. It would be nice if they had a card you could fill out or something to check off what you want.Less than impressed with the timeliness of the service. I placed a call ahead order and had to wait 20 minutes for it to come up. I'm not sure why a salad would be 20 minutes after the pick up time. If you are in a hurry don't bother with this place.Dissapointed. Came here tonight to buy two salads. Expensive but I knew that going in. What annoyed me was at the end of the transaction, the cashier asked if I would like bread. I said yes and she replied that she was sorry, they were out of bread. I asked if she could take something off the price and she advised that she couldn't because the bread is "complementary." No, the bread isn't complementary. When you are paying 11 or 12 bucks for a salad, there isn't an excuse to be out of bread. I know it doesn't seem like a big deal but for these prices, it's not right. And this isn't the first time. I guess I'll go to Just Salad down the street next time.This sweetgreen location has customer service, cleanliness, and logistical issues.  I love me a sweetgreen salad, but my experience here was subpar.  We came in around 8PM at night and ordered the standard chicken caesar salad and a thai chicken salad.  
There were 5 workers and 4 customers, but somehow it ended up taking 5min before we even got an order in.  The workers would talk to each other and then one of them left even though there were people waiting in line.  They were out of chicken and didn't tell us until the end of the salad line even though we ordered the chicken upfront.  When my husband said he didn't want his salad anymore because they didn't have chicken, the lady behind the counter put a salad in a bowl, starting eating it, and went into the back to finish the salad - I kid you not this actually happened.  
Since he rejected his salad, they gave me the option of shrimp at no additional charge, which was fine, but didn't make up for the terrible service we'd received up until now.  And how do you run out of chicken at a salad place?!  Most of the bins were low on ingredients and the salad work area was messy - tomatoes mixed with cucumbers, cheese and dressing were everywhere, flies hanging out.  Disaster area and ultimately made the food very unappetizing.Credit cards only now. Shame some people like to pay with cash. Good salads but I'm not going to put a salad on my credit card or a cup of coffee.  Stupid.Employees are patient, and always friendly. Everything is fresh and believe some ingredients are organic. I've been here once before during the fall and ordered a customized salad to sit in. They're very generous with their portions too! I remember feeling stuffed half way through and ended up taking it home. Today, I went in with high hopes possibly ordering well seasoned Brussel sprouts again. Unfortunately, for me they didn't have it. It turns out every season they change their menu and certain ingredients. But that's okay, versatile is always a good thing. I ended up ordering a delicious lentil soup with a salad that can be added with it or on the side. The employee considered it could be a stew like dish. I preferred to have it on the side. Overall, I would eat here again and recommend it to anyone.
The only down fall is sometimes they aren't clear about their certain ingredient substitutions prices. I paid $13 and some change for my meal today when I thought I was going to $11. Just always clarify with them if it's an up charge with certain ingredients.There's a lot of hype around Sweet Green already, but I may as well participate. 
It feels like it was only yesterday that I was first introduced to Sweet Green.
​My stupid boyfriend was craving a salad and was attempting to convince me to go allll the way to University City to go to this Sweet Green place. I, being the fatty that I am, was trying to convince him to go LITERALLY ANYWHERE ELSE. Because Burgers/Fries/Pizza/Pasta/literally anything that's not a salad.
But I gave in. And it was actually awesome. Fast forward to now, there is an insanely popular location right in Center City & perfect for us working folk. 
Sweet Green is a trendy salad place that services arguably the freshest salads. All of their produce is in season and rotates as such. (Does "as such" work in that sentence?) 
I'm not going to write here what you already know - it's a salad place. It has a variety of awesome salads to chose from or make your own. I've had pretty much all of them: 
Kale Caesar
Spicy Sabzi
Guacamole Greens
Rad Thai
Earth Bowl
They all have my stamp of approval. But what I am here to tell you is - PLEASE GET THE APP. This is a crucial step for sweet green success.  
Anywhere from 11:30 to 1:30PM during the week, the line will wrap around the store in confusing manners and sometimes even out the door onto the sidewalk. App owners avoid all this by placing their order ahead of time and then picking it up at a time of their choosing. Then they walk out. It's that simple, yet people still elect to stand in that line for a million hours.  Please, please don't be one of those people. Be better than the Sweet Green line.  
I also recommend that you do not try to EAT THERE. Always plan on taking this salad to go (at least during the week). 
That's all I have. This is the ​trendy salad spot and I'm giving you the key to success.Tried to ignore the several flies flitting about the salad-line but when I saw one land on the tofu I was about to order, I left. Please get the hygiene  standards up to par - never had this problem with any of the other Sweetgreen Philly locations.I'm not the kind of person who enjoy eating a salad, just the sound of it makes me yawn with boredom lol. After having the Guacamole Greens bowl (I think that's what it's called) I am thinking about it like it's a crispy chicken breast. All the ingredients were so fresh, the jalapeño something sauce was soooo good. I thought it was spicy but you really can't taste it which is good because I can't handle any sort of spice. Although a little expensive and I'm bummed it can't be an everyday lunch thing, it's worth it because of the portion and quality.This is my favorite place to get a salad for lunch during work. Every time I go I am intimidated by the long line but it always moves so quickly. Even if the line is out the door, I am still up ordering in less than 10 minutes. Food is always fresh too!Holy crow this place is good.... especially when you order ahead.   The lines can be crazy long, but the food is always ready when I pre-order and it is always amazingly good.Nice that they post calorie count for the salads, but I'd like to know the sodium content. I wanted to like this place, but everything from the grains, to the turkey to the brussel sprouts were way too salty to meet my definition of healthy.I went here for the first time last week. Queen was an absolute fantastic cashier/barista. I was slow at choosing, as I was overwhelmed by the vast selection of food to choose from. She was patient, answered questions, and showed no annoyance with the process. She explained everything.  Plus, when I finally got to eat my creation, it was amazing! Can't wait to go back.Great salads. Fresh locally sourced ingredients. Creative menu and fast service. You can taste the difference. 
They are a bit too fast and not careful about what you want. It's ok thought because it all tastes golReally tasty and filling salads. My second time here and I stuck with the signature Guacamole Greens salad. They always have a super long line during the week but the staff does a great job of moving people through politely and efficiently. My only gripe (if you can call it that) is that there isn't really a ton of seating, not nearly enough to accommodate their lunch rush but other than, quite good.I used to say, "i love Sweetgreen."  Not anymore.  Why?  
Yes, the online ordering and customizability are both great.  However... salads come in one size, which is always too big.  I've tried steering away from the kale, because it always contains large stems.  But every time i've ordered mesclun, it's been wilty and slimy.  The toppings are never as described -- "roasted peppers" are sauteed and mostly green (though pictured as red).  No blistering/charring, the hallmark of a roasted pepper, and they contained some weird seasoning -- would seem more apropos on a cheesesteak.  Spicy broccoli, while delicious, has been steadily increasing in stem and decreasing in florets until today, when i received a handful of stems and no florets.  Spicy quinoa is also good, but today i received maybe a teaspoon of the stuff.  In addition, the cheesesteak-peppers (yes, i know they don't come standard on a cheesesteak...) melted the plastic top of my dressing container today.  No mas $8.00+ salads for me!Sweetgreen is a solid place for lunch. The bad thing is that the lines are perennially long, especially in the beginning of the year with everyone in their "new year, new me" phase. Using the app is the way to go to skip the line. The one thing that really sucks is that they don't mix the salad ingredients in the bowl for orders made via the app like they do with normal in-person orders.There is a glut of convenient salad places these days, but Sweetgreen has a leg up for the ability to pre-order and pay online. I am in and out in under a minute, despite a crazy long line. Their pre-fabbed salad selection is decent, too, and allowing customers to customize their signature salads is a nice touch. If you're stopping in without pre-ordering, I think Honey Grow is faster service, but the employees are kind and they'll get you a fresh and nice salad in no time. 
The place always looks clean and the food well-maintained.There's a reason people wait in line on the sidewalk during lunchtime. I recently came here for lunch for the first time in a while and ended up waiting in the long line for 30 minutes which wasn't ideal so I learned my lesson and have ordered online since which I highly suggest. The employees are extremely efficient and the place feels clean and simple. For about $10 you can get a good sized delicious salad with organic ingredients which is basically the going rate for a salad in the city anyway. Online orders take about 15 min and will make you very happy when you see the line of people waiting to order.. would definitely suggest as it's not much of a sit down spot during the lunch rush.Don't order ahead of time for lunch because you will wait there 30 minutes after your pickup time while they serve everyone who just got there. No apology or refund to wait for something you already paid for.Holy heavenly goodness!!! I've been in Philadelphia for work and still have a few days left, and any worry I had about finding healthy options while being on the road have disappeared. As I told the staff at Sweetgreen, I have never in my life seen so many awesome salad restaurants, let alone organic. I'm currently in the middle of the Whole30, so I was especially skeptical about how I would eat being away from home. I've been to a few salad restaurants in town but honestly, this one is by far the best! In addition to being incredibly healthy and made to order, it's very reasonable. I recommend this place to everybody and anybody!! I ordered the Rad Thai and can't wait to go back again and again to try more things on the menu before I have to leave this wonderful City.My go-to lunch spot in the city. Sweetgreen is healthy, quick and delicious. Do not let the line outside this location deter you - it moves very fast! Get the app to speed up the process and earn rewards (a free salad!). While a bit pricey, I always leave this place feeling full and satisfied. I've even tried making some of their salads at home because I'm so obsessed. My favorites: Guacamole Greens and Kale Caesar. Staff are always friendly and smiling. You can't go wrong here!Simple in-and-out for fantastic salads with every healthy add-in one can imagine. No wonder the line is out the door at noonish (the line moves quickly).  Friendly, up-beat staff. LOVE this local salad heaven!  No cash. Seating is also available if you need to get out of the cubicle.YUM! Sweetgreen is delicious! I love their salads and they are usually big enough I get two meals out of them. (or lunch and a snack later). I like that they incorporate hot toppings on, sometimes I think a salad deserves a hot topping. I have tried a handful of their salads and never have been upset with one. 
I highly suggest ordering online and picking up. The line can be wrapped around and out the door during lunch time. Although, ordering online is pretty odd. You just go in and look for your name on the side....I personally have never had someone "accidentally" take my salad, but I'm sure it happens. 
Overall, I would say they have pretty good salads and I will definitely continue buying from them. They are around the same price as salad works but are 100% better. I will honestly never go to salad works again after having sweet green!What a great concept. My bowl was delicious and the service was prompt and friendly. A tad expensive, but the ingredients​ are high quality and the portion is large and therefore what you'd expect to pay.So if you are looking for a quick and healthy lunch, this is the place to go....except during lunch rush hour. So prepare ahead and order online so you can pick up your order and be on your way. This place has fantastic and fun salads and bowls. There are also vegetarian and vegan options. All the food is local and really fresh, and I have not had a bad salad there yet. I've tried the mushroomtini and also the butternut squash one, and both were hearty, filling and delicious. But yes these salads are pretty calori-ful (500+ calories), however, you don't feel like you want to explode afterwards, which is nice. Most salads are between $10-$15 depending on the add ons, so it's not cheap...but your health is priceless! Anywho, there are also a few seats in the restaurant if you do want to stay, but recommend enjoying the nearby parks with your salad experience!
PS. Can you please add a healthy dessert option as well? A nice flourless brownie or a healthy oatmeal raisin cookie would be perfect to finish off the lunch!I'm a picky eater so it's harder for me to eat healthy. I'd enjoyed the concept of Sweetgreen when I first heard of it, but I avoided it for a while because I assumed they wouldn't have anything for me. I decided to give it a shot and I'm glad I did! I had to make some substitutions for the salad I ordered, but it was delicious! The food is fresh, healthy and I loved how they paired certain foods that I wouldn't automatically think to add to a salad. I was most impressed with how quickly Sweetgreen moves their customers in and out of their store. Nothin better than that, folks, especially during the lunch rush! These people know what they're doing! I shared with the employees helping me at Sweetgreen that it was my first time there and they were extra nice in helping me out and learning the flow of how to order. I downloaded the Sweetgreen app and am excited to try ordering that way next time I stop by for lunch.Stopped by yesterday for the first time and loved it. Made my own salad because I felt overwhelmed by the pre made choices and didn't want to spend an hour reading through them with a huge line behind me. Luckily the guy working was really helpful in walking me through everything. He made it simple and fun. I had a Kale salad, added shrimp, apples, cucumbers and some of the cheddar, with the cilantro lime dressing. Amazing. A little expensive so I don't see myself going all the time but I'll be back.Wasn't a fan of the Mexican Elote bowl, it was bland, and the dressing wasn't flavorful. I did however love the harvest bowl with the miso ginger dressing. Loved the warm bowl with greens. Healthy and filling. Perfect for when your not in the mood for a cold salad, however when you get a warm bowl you sneak in the greens.I love this place!! I can't get enough of their pesto portobello!! I love it and recommend trying it!! I am not a salad person but ever since I tried this place and ordered almost everything I can now truly say I love salad if it comes from them!!!Love this place! I've been here a couple of times in New York, and have realized just how cheap it is in philly!!! Rarely does my order go above 10 dollars and it tastes AMAZING every time. The staff is also super friendly at this shop.
You can make your own salad or choose from preset options. I've never gotten any of the preset salads, but I've heard they are very good as well.
I usually go for the curry cauliflower which tasted great!!!!!!!! I've only tried a few of the dressings but I LOVE the spicy cashew dressing. If you're counting calories, be mindful that the pesto vinaigrette is almost 200kcals and a handful of them easily reach above 100. 
All in all, the selection here for salad toppings is very large and their premium items are so flavorful. Also the line moves very fast here even if it is always packed during lunch.DB hooked me up today with an awesome Kale Caesar (my favorite)... thank you so much!~After having traveled many feet on foot through the concrete forest of Philadelphia, down the rugged trail of Chestnut St; I decided to rest & harvest a meal for lunch. I came across this 10 foot tall entrance with axe helves for door handles, & above read a sign "Sweetgreen."  
First Impressions: Upon entrance I find myself once again in another establishment with a rustic industrial motif...this being on the lower end. Despite the bunions I almost got from walking here, the customer service at Sweet green was very helpful regarding the 3$ off promo (once their on the line app was downloaded into my cellular device).
Nothing more than a sheep-like assembly line while ordering, I chose the Zahav Bowl, which included: shredded kale, chickpeas, turmeric roasted cauliflower, roasted chicken, organic carrots, toasted almonds, dill + mint, & lemon-dill tahini dressing... 
At this point I compared myself to Paul Bunyan, my teeth the axe, the kale the tree, but this was no tall tale... in which I would require superhuman powers to cut into this salad composed of 95% warm kale, too many bland chick peas, underdone cauliflower, & 7 small pieces of tasteless chicken.. I had to forage through this forest to find a piece of protein, & by the time I got to the bottom of the Sweetgreen bowl my stomach felt sour red... I was hoping this to be a legendary experience, but it was nothing more than subpar "fresh" overpriced product. 
The Don is on the fence about approving/not approving this establishment, & may have to be back for a 2nd pleasant harvest attempt~I had the most amazing experience there. Without getting into a long narrative, the manager (I think that's who he was) is an incredibly nice person who demonstrates there are still good people. Thank you!
And the salad was delicious.I love sweet green salads. I usually always order the avocabo. Their ingredients are always fresh and their salads are a good size (compared to Saladworks not so fresh ingredients and smaller size). This location has a good amount of seating (unlike the 9th and walnut location).I absolutely love SweetGreen, great healthy and fast options. However the location is particular is one of the best run establishments I've ever dined in.
The staff is unbelievable nice and chipper. They are all always in such a good mood and it makes the experience even better. I have a location closer to my office however I walk a few extra blocks to this one because of the staff.
Keep up the GREAT work!This place is awesome! Stopped by for the first time and had the Harvest Bowl. Very delicious. Fresh ingredients, large portions, friendly on the wallet, great staff, what more can you ask for? Hope they keep this up!  I definitely will be back.Delicious, fresh, and healthy. Salads are big. Nor cheap, but worth the price. Great lunch spot!I had a great first experience at Sweetgreen today; the line out the door and about 20 feet onto the sidewalk almost deterred me, but I'm glad it didn't. Have no fear- the line moves quickly! The only thing I didn't like is that the absolutely delicious peach and goat cheese salad I had, is seasonal! It was so good and refreshing on this 95+ degree day. I'll definitely be back, and hopefully before peach season is over!I really like sweet green. The salads are delicious and their workers are so friendly! I love the seasonal menus as well. The only down side is they do not take cash. My favorite salad place in center city!My wife and I stopped here the other night for dinner.  Staff was very good and explained how their menu worked.  Salads tasted great but about 3-4 hours after eating her kale salad, my wife got really sick.  In all of our years together I've never seen her throw up before.  It was so bad that she had to stay home from work the following day.  I did not experience any sickness from my mesclun salad.  After some research, we found that raw vegetables are one of the most common causes of food poisoning if not properly washed.  Don't think that we'll be coming back here again.This place is great!   Can be very intimidating when you first walk in.  Especially if it's your first time and God help you if it's during lunch.  So my suggestion is to check out menu on line before you come here.  Their warm bowls are very good.  Had the Winter Waldorf.  My complaint... Music way too loud!!!I decided to try Sweet Green since I only work a few blocks away. The great thing about this place is that you can order online and have your salad waiting for you when you arrive! The place itself is pretty large and super clean. Sweetgreen uses all fresh ingrediants which you can definitely taste in the quality of their food.
I decided to go with the Hummus Tahina which has shredded kale, romaine lettuce, tomatoes, red onion, cucumbers, pita chips, feta, hummus, falafel, and dressing. The salad itself was very filling but contained a little too many greens for my taste and I wish there were more toppings.  The salad was also a little more on the pricer side than what I would normally spend on lunch - coming in at around $12 including tax.
Would I come back? Yes, however, for the price I probably wouldn't go as often.Ordering online and picking up is a breeze. These bowls are huge. No wonder they're almost 1k calories. Decent food for a decent price tag. The falafel was surprisingly good. And the pesto vinaigrette is yummy. They're pretty pricey though. The manager did give me a free beverage after I came to the realization I they don't accept cash!High quality food & hearty portions for maybe just a dollar more than fast food spots like Cosi - well worth it. Ordering with the app at lunchtime is easy and usually fast, though today for the first time my order wasn't ready when I arrived - 15mins later than promised. More flavorful salads than Honeygrow and I love the grain bowls. The Earth Bowl is my favorite (though not the last healthy, better than pizza) but I tried the new curry cauliflower bowl today and that may be my new fave! Nice heat level balanced by the cool cucumber dressing & perfumed with cilantro. The kale Caesar and falafel are also delicious. My go-to weekday lunch spot!I go here regularly, and it's consistently fabulous.  Food is so fresh!  So many different options.  Staff is SO nice!  Efficient without being hurried.  Very friendly :)a vamped up saladworks! how can i not like it... 
my go-to is the kale caesar with the tahini yogurt dressing~ simply delish! 
i tried the not so nicoise also which was fishy and a bit disappointing.. and after having their caesar dressing.. i decided to just stick with my staple kale mix caesar which i know will always be delicious! usually i ask them to let me substitute more veggies for their premium shaved parmesan.  fortunately, i had no problem 9 out of 10 times.. this one time, they did end up charging me more for substitution. so make sure to ask if they can do it for u.  
also, download the app! every $99 you spend, you get $9 in rewards $ back!This is my GO TO salad place during the working day. DO NOT BE SCARED of the line. It goes by really quickly, the staff definitely know what they are doing. They have DELICIOUS DRESSINGS. I LIVE for the lime cilantro vinaigrette and the spicy cashew dressing. The ingredients are always fresh and I love how you can see them chopping the veggies up in the corner. This is seriously perfect if you're trying to have a healthier but flavorful option for a meal.Great food.  Tried most of the bowls.  Staff is super friendly. Place is organized and clean-they have a good work ethic and it shows.I don't know what all the fuss is about... Don't get me wrong, I love a good salad, but these salads that *should* be amazing are just so-so.
The single best feature is the live calorie count if you modify, and the ability to order online ahead of time for pickup at the time you select. Being able to go to a workout class and have my salad freshly made and ready to pick up on the way home was key!The only thing better than the amazing fresh food, is the staff! Everyone there is friendly and knowledgeable about their offerings and I can not say enough nice things about them!! They need a tip jar for sure!!Grabbed a quick dinner the other night. I had one of their seasonal salads. The staff was very friendly and the salad was very good although pricey. However I got food poisoning later that night. I know they just opened and food poisoning can happen anywhere especially with chicken and raw veggies but not a good first experience.Very nice atmosphere and employees!! The food was delicious too. I really enjoy if these kind of fast-food chains have happy And friendly workersThe ideal salad choice for salad haters. Bowls are typically priced $8-9 plus, and the Rittenhouse seating is limited for the lunch rush. Though it provides creative school gym bleacher style overflow seating, which it's customers seem to naturally embrace. 
Come for a fresh salad, and expect a rapid turnover.This place is amazing! The salad that I had for lunch was amazing , the customer service is great' the girl who made my salad was really patient with me .. I forget her name , but she was great and the cashier who cashed me out was awesome as well ( Derrick ) !Healthy food options with a number of them to choose from. 
Can customize most of the ingredients.
Good concept of changing salads according to seasons, adds certain dynamic touch to the menu.
Cost is not too bad. Bread is needs to be of better quality, feels a bit stale and chewy.
Overall an everyday salad bar place with a little more choices than usual.Out of the two centre city locations, I have to say this is by far a treasure to have.  I have never had my salad mixed up with ingredients before.  I can not emphasis enough that unfortunately , the one on 8th or 9th near Jefferson hospital is the complete opposite , and I could understand once in a while but 3 times in a row.   I was furious! I feel as if this store needs the same managerial skills as the store I am reviewing at rittenhouse.  Every time I walk in here I am greeted so kindly.  In particular, a server by the name of Neenah has always made my salads to perfection.  She is confident and friendly and warm.  I honestly feel as if some of this energy as well as the business aspect of customer service should be used at the other location.  This is such a great place.  
Besides their amazing attitude, the food is my favourite.  I never thought my mouth would drool more for salads since I started eating here.  My favourite is harvest with tofu instead of chicken. Way to go guys!Very good salads! Everything is so fresh and delicious. The staff was very friendly even while it was extremely busy. The only strange thing is they do not accept cash.I've been coming here a lot lately and for good reason: the food is fresh, fairly priced, and generous in terms of portion size. I've only tried a couple of things on their menu but in my mind, the kale caesar and the rad thai are both winners. The place always seems fairly clean and the employees typically are very upbeat and happy which is always makes for a nice trip through the loooong line. I would avoid this place during prime time lunch hours. I typically come for dinner (8-ish) and the line is bearable.Their summer special such as the goat cheese/peach is must-try as well.9th and Walnut location is consistently better. Whether it is the employees that seem like they don't want to be there, or the noticeably lower portion sizes they give here, or the overcooked protein, this location is not consistent with the other ones. It's a pretty crappy feeling paying $13.00 when all of the above are at one place. 
They do not accept cash at all.I've been wanting to try sweetgreen for sometime now and got the chance to stop there for lunch this weekend. I tried the harvest bowl (kale, wild rice, sweet potato, apple, chicken, almonds and goat cheese with balsamic vinaigrette) and it was delicious! The ingredients were all very fresh and the salad size was generous. The bread it was served with was kind of eh. There wasn't a ton of people in the store at the time but I would imagine it could get packed because there is not a great deal of seating (unless you want to sit on some bleachers in the back - kind of cool). FYI - they don't accept cash so come prepared with your card.Really delicious lunch. I had one of the asian seasonal salads with Steelhead (it was a really great piece of fish on the salad- cooked perfectly). The ingredients were fresh, the person helping me let me sample a few of the dressings and ALL were really great. If they sold bottles of it I'd buy one. I also had butternut squash soup which was nothing to call home about but it was fresh and good. My only gripe was the $16 price tag for a soup and salad. I guess that's what you get in Rittenhouse though..I was amazed by this place. The line was out to the sidewalk but within a few short minutes I made it to the front of the line, where I was overwhelmed by options and choices and... Wow. After being vegan for a few years and now semi limited (no meat or dairy but I eat eggs and fish), I love a huge salad bar. This is even better than the salad bar in my dreams. The man helping me create my salad immediately asked "any changes?" when I told him what I wanted. Anyone who knows me knows I can be *challenging* with changes and substitutions. Needless to say, yes, I had a few changes which the man happily accommodated. Well, the salad came out delicious. I wish there was a sweetgreen closer to me in Michigan!If I could afford to eat here everyday I would. I back this company and their food wholeheartedly. Fresh, local and in season. Right down to the fountain drinks. This fast casual restaurant aligns with all things health & sustainability conscious. Went in for dinner and enjoyed the Winter Waldorf. Note that all salads are large enough to enjoy for two meals (so I had my leftovers for breakfast). Hearty and fresh. 
Quick tip regarding this location (maybe the same for others) they only take debit/credit - No Cash!Just experienced sweetgreen for the first time and it was amazing! I ordered the guacamole greens salad everything was super fresh and tasted amazing. I added fresh squeezed lime, also amazing. The salad came with Fresh Bread. I would recommend trying the Brussel Sprouts as well. The line moves very quickly if you are in a rush. Will definitely be back!It IS pricey but the serving size is great. The worker was really helpful walking me through everything. I had the spicy sabazi which I will say tasted much more balanced with some falafel added in there. It also wasnt all that spicy. Price with the extra falafel was $12 and change. Pricey for a salad, but it was delicious and Id say the serving size was generous.sweetgreen is LIT. 
If you haven't tried  a salad from this place yet, IMMEDIATELY drop what you're doing and go buy one because it will change your life.Today was my first time at Sweetgreen but I had heard so much about it from my co-workers. So much that I finally decided to check it out. When I got in the line it was a little longer than I expected but the people where so helpful that I forgot all about it. Shay was especially helpful once she was aware that I was a newbie and that made my experience all the more memorable. Ross was very friendly as well. Keep it up and I definitely will be coming back!Sweetgreen is awesome! Their menu is great and you always get a great salad. 
This branch get really busy so don't go at 1pm or you will be waiting outside the door. The staff are quick tho so you want wait too long. Definitely a good spot for a quick lunch/dinnerThe hype is so real!!!
In town for the MIA festival this weekend and decided to grab a late lunch after driving down from NYC. Of course, the first thing I did was open my Yelp app and what do I find right near my hotel? A sweetgreen!! YAS doesn't even begin to cover my excitement. I've heard so much about this place, but it's just never been convenient for me to go, so I've never been. This was finally my chance.
All the employees were so nice and upbeat. Place was bright and clean. All the ingredients are sourced locally and are super fresh. There's even a stay option where you're served your salad in a real bowl.
I got the peach and goat cheese salad. OMG so freaking delish. I may have to go to one in NYC when I get home just to get this salad again before the summer is over. The peaches were the perfect sweet fruit to go with the tangy goat cheese and the greens covered in balsamic vinaigrette. So freaking good!!!
I would highly suggest going to a sweetgreen anywhere there is one if you can!Since they just recently opened, I'm being a little generous.  Good choices, but the greens listed versus what got put in my bowl didn't match up. I'll check in again in a week or two.this place is a fantastic lunch spot.  i got the rad thai salad which was big and delicious.  it also came with a tasty piece of bread and im not a bread person.  the price was reasonable and there was a lot of sitting and a quiet atmosphere. would definitely recommend it as a good place for a quick, healthy lunch.Always a great salad with high quality ingredients. But this review will be short and sweet. Kudos to the STAFF. They work together like a well oiled machine during the busiest lunch hours yet stay friendly, efficient, and focused on the customer. Thanks Tyvenia, Trent, Leif, and everyone's names I'm forgetting. You all do a great job.I never loved vegetables growing up as a kid and to be honest, I still don't. However, I've found myself eating here a lot more, often times craving sweetgreen. Their ingredients are so fresh, every salad i have ever had here has been nothing short of amazing. Their staff is attentive and helpful as well, always allowing you to substitute for items. I definitely recommend using their mobile app to order your salad ahead of time (especially during the lunch rush). It's an easy and convenient way to receive your food without waiting.Fresh nice take out place that opened to join Honeygrow and HCV. I like the curry cauliflower and freshness of veggies but the price runs a little high for what you get.Sweetgreen salads are the best. They use fresh, local ingredients and are very speedy. The staff is very friendly and you get a free slice of bread with your salad. I usually just make my own where you can pick four vegetables or "crunches" and then add extra veggies, cheese or meat. The seasonal salads are nice too because they use ingredients that are in season during that month. The only problem I have with Sweetgreen is the price. I typically end up spending about $10 on a salad which doesn't always fill me up unless I chip in the extra money for meat.Horrible customer service!  My daughter purchased a gift card and later found out it could not be added to the app so we went back and worked with the manager who assured us he would take care of the matter and respond back....no action and no response!  And the only way to contact customer service online is to send an email and wait days to weeks for a response.  With a matter that should have been taken care of within a day or so not weeks and I continue to wait for this matter to be handled.  
Food is fine, however customer relations is a big deal and they should do as they say and not forget about a customer's concern!Although the signature salads are interesting, I prefer the build your own because there's always one thing you may not like in the pre-created ones. The dressings here are super tasty. Lime cilantro jalapeño vinaigrette and spicy cashew are where its at. The bread served on the side is spot on.  Aside from the dressings, these salads are something you can make at home. Even then, you can make these dressings at home too if you wanted.If Yelp allowed users to take their favorite restaurant, University City Sweet Green is mine! I went here for years when I was working near by and had the absolute best experience every time. The salads were always perfectly made and mixed, they were never out of ingredients, and they turned people through even during the busiest UPenn rush. Second, the service was always awesome. There was this girl, I think the manager, with a bird tattoo on her arm and she rocked. So friendly, welcoming, and clearly passionate about the Sweet Green mission. So, while I don't live in Philly anymore, I felt compelled to share my love for the UC SG!  As I said... Best ever!I haven't seen an $11 salad on their menu, both times I've gone I've gotten the seasonal which is a little less than $8.  Compared to Gia Pronto and Cosi salads, that's super cheap.  Keep in mind, unless you're going to McDo, a good sized quality salad is not going to be as cheap as something from a food cart.
Their service, however, is slow as molasses.  I realize that cutting fresh basil takes time, but it's really way slower than it should. They need a better system.  I'm sure with time they'll work out the kinks. 
Their spicy quinoa is really good!Exorbitant prices. The salads are good, there is no question about it, but they are all priced very very high. I will not go there a second time. 
If your rich parents are in town (and for some bizarre reason, craving only salad when there is plenty of awesome other food around), then get them to take you here.Horrible for my bank account, wonderful for everything else! I have so many things that I love about Sweet Green:
1. All the food is local.
2. Everything (bowls, plates, plasticware, napkins) is biodegradable!
3. YOU get to create your salad or pick one of their chosen ones.
4. Friendly staff
5. It's frozen yogurt is Stoneyfield
6. It's incredibly healthy
7. All the ingredients are natural
Yes, it is expensive, but that is because these ingredients are all healthy, and I would guess the markup is much, much smaller as any other restaurant on Walnut. I.e: spinach and almonds are more expensive than pizza.I stopped in today for an early lunch, hoping for something refreshing and somewhat healthy.
I had never been here before, and was thinking of getting one of their regular menu items, but the seasonal peach and goat cheese salad really sparked my interest.
Fresh peaches, mesclun, baby spinach, toasted almonds, and goat cheese tossed in a balsamic vinaigrette. Absolutely delicious.
This salad was perfect for a day like today.  Super refreshing and bursting with summer flavor.  
The balsamic on the salad really compliments the peaches and goat cheese.
I like how they ask if you want light, medium or heavy amounts of dressing on your salad when they dress it, and the bread that comes with it is a great compliment to the meal.
I will say, even though I asked for an in between of light to medium dressing, it was still a little too much, so I will remember to only say light from now on.
Staff was friendly and helpful. 
A little pricey for what you get, but portions are a decent size.  I will definitely come back here in the future!Get it "for here" and you get a little more food!  I swear they put more in the bowl versus the plastic.
$10 salads can be hard to justify, but in celebration of Spring I made the exception for this bright-interiored Walnut St. staple. Great ingredients and awesome options.  I always add sprouts, spicy broccoli, marinated mushrooms, and chicken.  
Quality meat, but they reeeeeeally skimp on portion size.  It's a serious bummer when you pay $2.25 extra for 1/4 breast's worth of chicken.  Thank goodness none of it is gristle, otherwise I'd knock those 4 stars right down to 2.Contrary to the backlash against "skinny gym-going girls who don't eat anything" (I am none of those things) vibe, Sweetgreen is actually a perfect place to get a packed, hearty, yet light salad. I usually create a custom bowl with half warm grains (quinoa) and spinach or kale, so the base is already pretty filling. I then pick 4 ingredients, sometimes add in the extra avocado  for $1.25, top with a piece of bread and light dressing, and I'm good to go for a refreshing meal. My order is under $8 in this way, but if you require meat or cheese in your salads, I understand why they would be way overpriced. Yes, I can make the salad at home for much cheaper, but when am I going to use all those ingredients? Sweetgreen is perfect to stop by when you don't have much time, but still need to feel like you have your life together.
Don't get caesar dressing though; last time I added light caesar because I thought I wanted something creamy. ...but it made my salad salty instead. No thanks!Great place to grab a quick bite or to go. I love the selection of salads and wraps and esp enjoy how the calories are provided. Also, the salads range from $8.50 -$11 and come w a slice of buckwheat bread.
I had the guacamole salad light on the dressing and it was sooo goood ! Overall I like how a person takes ur order vs a touchscreen ipad. It's nice to order food from a real person. 
Love this spot!Great lunch choice.  Healthy and taste great as well.  Very fresh ingredients.   Had the apple cheddar with fresh mesclun and chicken  for lunch.   Would definitely go back.Get your Detox Salad for a winter cleanse! Fresh arugula and rough chopped Kale. Sweetgreen is probably one of the few (healthy fast food) places that I'd pay over $9.00 for a bowl of green goodness. The staff has consistently been friendly and offers quick service. We love the seasonal, local ingredients and their sustainable sourcing for fresh veggies. Keep up the good work :)gluten-free friendly! love the vegan sabzi!The salads are way overpriced. You should just head to Houston Hall on campus and pay half of that to get the same thing. The only thing that's different is that they offer interesting crunchy things to put on your salad, like wasabi peas or tortilla chips. Meh, no big deal. While the ingredients are fresh, overall the experience is terrible. SLOW SLOW SLOW service (doesn't help that I'm stuck in line with obnoxious undergrad kids) and they make a mess. For how much i'm paying, I wish they had bigger containers. They need to clean it up a little before I think it's worth paying $9+ for a bunch of plain veggies. 
They also charged me a random extra $0.50 for nothing. I was too annoyed to complain. Bleh.I enjoy the frozen yogurt here. It's not too creamy, and doesn't melt too quickly when you're trying to hold a conversation with friends. The froyo is also tart, which I definitely enjoy. I would recommend the original flavor instead of the chocolate flavor, which has a funky aftertaste IMO. I've gotten the froyo here a number of times and the availability of toppings is inconsistent. Sometimes they run out of certain toppings, and once their strawberries looked more like preserves than actual freshly cut strawberries.As a guy I rarely eat a salad,  but Sweetgreen changed that. I always walked past on the way to Bobby's Burger Palace or Chipotle. I'm fairly certain I spelled that right. On eventually day I let some if my classmates convince me to accompany them for lunch at Sweetgreen. Walking in started to see that everything is local, fresh, and kind of hipster. Put I pressed in with courage and a empty stomach. I had a make your own salad that consisted of strawberries, cranberries, carrots, romaine lettuce, and a nice mescallen mix in a champagne vinegarette. I know not the first thing you expect a guy to get. With one of there sparkling soda's I become a fan and regular I visited the next day. Sweetgreen is refreshing brake from all the other salad places. So many other places preach about how everything is local. Really? As local as South America. The only thing I have add to this is when you dine in Sweetgreen I feel like I'm in a urban outfitters everything is so trend and cool. But I will certainly be back soon to have a salad I got to get used to saying that more.Came in for the first time fairly recently and got a make-your-own wrap with a quinoa/farro base, but something about it (maybe that the grain mixture had cilantro or parsley in it?  Not a big fan, personally...) had me less than pleased.  It was also a tad bit pricey.  I'll give them credit, however, for promoting an all-organic menu and for the counter staff being quick to recommend selections they liked.  When it gets warmer out, I will definitely come back and try the frozen yogurt.  I'm willing to give Sweetgreen a second chance.I once had a salad at Sweetgreen. Wait, let me go back and preface this post by saying this: I rarely purchase a salad from anywhere, especially in my own UCity neighborhood. Do you know why? Because I could buy enough salad ingredients for a week of diverse, delicious salads for the cost of one lunch salad at most places. However, setting that aside, the salad was good. But when I thought about the fact that I spent $11.07 on it, it wasn't good enough. I appreciate local ingredients and biodegradable utensils, but the quality and flavor of what I ate didn't justify the price I paid, considering the fact that Sweetgreen is more quick/takeout than sit down/fancy restaurant. Still, if you've got 10 extra bucks, you should definitely hit up Sweetgreen and... oh, um, wait, still be a dollar short.Sweetgreen, neglecting you for so long was clearly a mistake because you guys just blew my mind with yumminess!  I always walk by you and choose Chipotle instead but from now on I may have to reconsider! Entering your establishment and reading your menu was a bit overwhelming to someone who doesn't frequent salad shops but your employees quickly saw my confused face and offered me samples until I found the perfect fit! I ordered your Guacamole Green Salad and was amazed at all of the flavor and deliciousness in every bite. I was a bit skeptical of your $10 price tag because you really are "just a salad shop", but boy did you prove me wrong! 
I will definitely be seeing you soon!I need to be fair and update this review.  I've been back to this location since and the service has improved immensely.  The servers are well versed in the salads they are making, they are better at handling the rush and they are MUCH friendlier.  Honestly, made the trick was to stop accepting cash (haha jk).  Whatever it was, it's working and I'll definitely be frequenting this establishment again.Excessively Green. Even their soda is only cane sugar sweetened. Perhaps a bit expensive, but considering it a premium to support the business practices you favor seems worthwhile. 
& my food was very good. hooray for that. 
All their take out materials are compostable.Best fast food place in Philly.Really slow. With bad service. I don't know why I spent $10 for a salad that took 15 minutes to make. That's the last time I'll be going to sweet green.This is probably my favorite weekday lunch place. The salads here are just better than anywhere else. I didn't really realize this until one day it was too busy there and I went to Saladworks instead. Their balsamic dressing tasted like something for stripping floors. Anyway, the ingredients/dressing at Sweetgreen are very good. They often put Sriracha on with dressings which sounds weird but works. My favorite salads are probably the Misoba and the Earthbowl.Sweetgreen is a reliable favorite; I know when I order a salad that the ingredients will be pristine and tasty. The top notch ingredients reflect the price point. 
 The salad dressings are unparalleled. They have really mastered the typical dressings such as miso sesame and balsamic vinaigrettes. I recently tried the Dill Tahini dressing featured in this month's collaboration bowl with Zahav restaurant and it was scrumdiddlyumptious! 
I try my best not to come during peak meal hours (I have seen the line trail out the door at dinner time) to avoid the crowd. Many of my classmates like to order aheado n the website, but I prefer to stand in line and watch them make my salad as I am quite picky and will often ask for extras or lighter scoopers etc. 
The employees go above and beyond to cater to the specifics of your order. When I ordered the Zahav bowl, they were out of chickpeas. The employee gladly let me substitute for other ingredients are always willing to accommodate extra dressing requests. 
Sweetgreen is a staple on my campus; it enables me to make healthy dining choices while providing a flavorful and filling meal!Very similar to Just Salad and Fresh & Co. in NYC, with a good selection of toppings and dressings.  I love that the broccoli here is seasoned and roasted, not just raw and chopped.  Try the roasted sweet potatoes and baked tofu as well!  The beets were decent but just be aware that they are raw and not marinated and roasted.  They even have a quinoa base option and halved red grapes.  My personal favorite is the agave dijon vinaigrette but the pesto vinaigrette is very good as well.  Portions are on the small side as you only get one tiny spoonful of each topping, but it's a great healthy option on campus, for sure.  It does get busy during lunch but the line moves quickly.Not sure how I haven't written this review yet, because this place has fast become my favorite lunch spot. They now have frequent buyer cards, too, so all the better, because I've been here like 10 times and they've only just recently opened. Also, be sure to pick up a reusable salad bowl for 5 bucks! All their other stuff is compost-able which just adds to the awesomeness of this place!
My two favorite salads are the Chic-P and the Sabzi, both of which are vegan. Chic-P features wonderful pieces of baked falafel, chic peas (which I swap out for radishes), peppers (I swap them for beets), cucumbers, and pita chips. It comes with a wonderfully tasty tahini dressing but I have also swapped it out for the also delightful cucumber basil yogurt dressing. The Sabzi salad comes with radishes, beets, white beans, dried cranberries and quinoa and I typically ask for the yogurt dressing to swap out the spicy carrot dressing. I often get the bread because it is super-tasty, although I'm trying to cut back on carbs. It is whole grain and very healthy (but it's still bread which isn't the easiest thing to digest!)
Anyway, I can't recommend this place enough. It's part of an explosion of wonderful food along Chestnut between 39th and 40th and it's a great addition to the neighborhood.I've walked by several times in the last month and I don't hear the outside music anymore. I like that.Way too expensive. Its a good salad, but why charge people so much for trying to be healthy. Its just water, fiber, and oil.Lying still in bed with the worst stomach ache of my life and waves of nausea coming over me, I wondered what could have been the cause of this food poisoning. The aches began an hour after eating sweetgreen for dinner, and the food I ate six hours before had been definitely cooked and did not contain any meat either. When I reached the pinnacle of agony and began to seriously ponder which one of my two ends should I prepare for, Sweetgreen was, in my mind, the obvious culprit for my distress. 
I'm disappointed that after buying food from Sweetgreen many times without incident, this was the only time I've ever had something bad happen. There's many factors that I think might have contributed to the food poisoning, but I'll never know for sure. All I will do to prevent this from ever happening again is to stop frequenting you guys ever again.The best fast food concept ever! You get a great salad for under 11bux most of the time and it's made with fresh organic ingredients. Their dressings are mostly vegan and contain no processed ingredients. It's probably the best way to spend your money and feel full and stay lean !Sweet green in general is an amazing place to get quick and healthy natural foods locally sourced. I gave it a 2 star for ONLY this specific location. Staff seemed untrained or all fairly new with no priority for customers. Ordered two things and they didn't have some of the ingredients prepped for one of the 2 salads. 15 min wait? No problem. Customers start rolling in and they decide not to take anyone else's order since we were in line? Okay... but instead the staff starts making salads for each other to eat for lunch while a line is forming. Priorities? Seemed short staffed (3 employees) one eating lunch and the other complaining while the third is in the back prepping. They start making our salads and towards the end they tell us they don't have any lentil soup left for the warm lentil salad... They knew our order from the start and didn't check to see if if all the ingredients were there for the other. At least 5-7 separate groups of customers waiting during lunch to place an order. Took us a little over an hour and 15 mins to receive our food and eat at a fast food establishment. Would hate to see such a beautiful chain close due to micro management of employees in a great location.I want to like this place. I really do. They have convenient and well-composed salads, and it fills a useful niche near campus.
But their ordering system is terrible. I've been there about a dozen times, and not once have they gotten my order right. I'm not making special orders, either. I'm ordering things straight off the menu, and they get at least one aspect of it wrong every single time. It's not the employees' fault. They're obviously hustling hard to do a good job. But their system requires them to keep way too many details in their heads at once, and the result is that something always falls through. Sometimes they give me a wrap when I order a salad, sometimes it's the wrong dressing, sometimes it's an ingredient they forget to add, but it's always something. 
The result is a frustrating experience where I either have to monitor the whole ordering process to catch their inevitable mistakes, or else accept that I'm not going to get what I ordered. For me, that's not worth the relatively high price point. These guys really need a workflow consultant.First I would like to say that they have false advertisement , on menu they have a photo of a tray of Mexican corn on cob but they do not even sell it , they sell a salad that has a few of the ingredients In it but taste nothing like the actually Mexican corn . The salad are just okay I have had  better , the drinks are pretty gross , and the service was horrible . I went on a lunch date with my boyfriend and we stood there for like 5 mins before someone asked to help us . They don't really have much seating if your looking to dine in either . The total meal for two salads and two drinks was about $30 , it truly was not worth it .So I decided to go on a detox from the fun summer I had eating nothing but all the bad foods. On my detox quest I was looking for a place to get healthy foods. Thank goodness I work in University City because it offers a variety of different eating options and that's when I saw Sweetgreen.
At Sweetgreen I ordered the hummus tahini salad which consisted of kale and romaine lettuce as well as baked falafel, pita chips, feta cheese, and a yogurt tahini dressing. It was very yummy! The ingredients were fresh, the falafel was delicious and my salad was a large portion. 
Sweetgreen also offers other varieties of salads as well such as peach goat cheese, watermelon feta, and earth and harvest bowels. They also have great options for vegans as well. I think I'll try the earth bowel next time I come back!Incredible place to enjoy salad. Not fan of their homemade beverages.Listen, making a salad does not require a culinary degree. I hate sounding like a punk, but I'm just saying this because the servers acted holier then thou when we ordered our salads. It was dead when we got there and ordered 4 salads. And still yet, half of the orders were screwed up. Expensive for what you can make at home but everyone has a salad bar craving. Ok for the taste....fresh greens and toppings and well-seasoned proteins. Next time I'll go to the supermarket or Whole Foods.We frequent Sweetgreen when we want to have a fresh, locally sourced salad. Good ingredients = good taste and although the salads are certainly not "cheap," they are likely healthier in comparison to the many other options around University City. Don't forget about their loyalty reward program, and their to-go bowl that saves you $.50 each salad. Big fan of their guacamole green and kale caesar salads.Looking for fresh salads with healthy ingredients from an environmentally friendly place? Well, Sweetgreen is it! With multiple leafy greens selections as your base, you can toss in all sorts of veggies, proteins and crunchies and a swirl of salad dressing to make a one-of-a-kind salad, or you can choose a tasty selection off the menu. You can sip a Boylan's fountain soda along with your salad and afterwards there is fat-free Stonyfield Farms frozen yogurt. 
Many of their food containers are recyclable or compostable, which probably contributes to the higher price point. Cheap, Sweetgreen is not, but you get a substantial portion for your $8-10+. Plus you get that special tingle from knowing you are supporting a positive business model!
My only 2 complaints thus far are that the music is a bit too loud and some of the ingredients could have been fresher (the beets were an odd color and the berries looked slightly aged).
For my fellow gluten-free Yelpers: They are really well-prepared and have a list of gluten-free toppings/ingredients, so if you need to avoid ingesting glutenous products, this place might be a good choice. However, they do have glutenous toppings and sliced bread, so it may not be free from contamination if you have a severe allergy. I do not know what their gluten-handling policy is, so make sure to check!
If you're tired of the Bobby's Burger Palace meatfest, head next door to Sweetgreen and enjoy some healthy medium-speed food: too slow to be fast food, too fast to be slow food.One of the most inconsistent sweetgreens. Seems like the staff is constantly turning over. The new staff is often really slow and gives way less, so if possible should really try to get some of the staff that's been there a while. Best times to go would probably be dinner times when ingredients are being used in high quantities and so is always fresh. Also you can ask for 2 slices of bread or extra dressing on the side.This is a salad place that can also make wraps.  The wraps are a little-known fact about this place...if you're thinking "But I need some carbs!" don't worry, you can get a little bit of carbs with your meal if you get it made as a wrap.
The quality is above-average...tending fairly far towards the gourmet side, with prices tending only very slightly towards the gourmet side.  This earns them bonus points in my book.
The atmosphere is bright and cheerful, somewhat minimal.  The staff have always been friendly with me.  I usually get the make-your-own option...I won't judge the pre-made options because, personally, I have very weird taste in salads.I first saw this place when I tried out Bobby's Burger Palace next door. Next time I was in the area I made sure I stopped by to try it out. They do frozen yogurt (sweet) and salads (green). The salads are overpriced in my opinion. I understand some of the salads contain an expensive green like arugula but come on, $11 bucks for a salad? The salads were good and all I just couldn't get past the price. I also tried the frozen yogurt, which seemed to be just that, frozen, yogurt. Different from your typical FroYo which mimics the taste of ice cream.
They did have this unique soda called Boylan's which was awesome. Overall I would probably save a few bucks and go elsewhere for a comparable salad.I'm not a salad person, but I love coming here when I feel like having a healthy lunch. The salads are not only delicious and have great ingredient combinations, but they're still low on the calories - something that is surprisingly hard to achieve I've found w/ most restaurants. The Brussels sprouts + turkey salad is my favorite, and I pretty much get this every time I visit. The chickpea lentil soup is also delicious. 
The biggest downside is that it's pricey. Otherwise I'd eat here all the time. 1 salad = $10, and that's not counting if you get soup. Since I visit here so often, I pay w/ the app, which rewards you with $9 when you spend $99.This is a great place for a healthy lunch on the go in University City just off of the UPenn campus.
I had a great salad with avocado, chicken and a lime vinaigrette with a sparkling water for lunch.   These are real salads, not the kind you get at typical fast food joints.   They toss the salad in the bowl with the dressing or you can get the dressing on the side.  The salad comes with a slice of whole wheat bread.
No sodas here, various kinds of cold teas and bottled water for drinks.
The decor is spartan with short stools, tables, and wooden benches, not conducive to lingering.
There is the ecofriendly focus with recycling etc.  However, when they tossed the salad they dumped some of the greens on the counter and into the trash.  The wastage seems contradictory.Respectable, they don't skimp like Gia ProntoSweetgreen is a great place to go to get a delicious, custom-made salad. Although expensive, it's handy having a huge range of toppings to choose from without having to buy carrots/cucumbers/a can of chickpeas/block of cheese/etc. And the servers have always been so nice and patient while I decide, which is wonderful. I love their balsamic dressing. 
I once had a salad where the ingredients seem as fresh as I'd like them to be, but every other salad I've had there has been great.I've been here a few times and each time is different.  My first visit was a Saturday and they were quite the snobs, but then I've been back twice (I can't find good salad in U-City) and the workers were friendly.  I guess the 2 times back I didn't order a wrap...so don't order a wrap, they don't like that.  
The concept is great - local ingredients, free-range, organic, fair-trade and all that jazz.  Plus it really is one of the few places in U-City that I've found I can get a really healthy lunch...I just wish that my super healthy lunch was not super expensive.  Salads run between $8--$12 and they're about the size of a small mixing bowl...I'd say 2.5 cups of veggies.  That said, I have to make it a treat....or in my case a punishment because I've been eating really crappy...to go here.  
You can make your own salad, or order their specially designed ones...you can turn any salad into a wrap but beware.  They post their nutrition info online and they even offer "hot bowls' now although I didn't see them in the store (only online).  They also have frozen yogurt which I haven't tested.  There's a Kiwi that's closer.I LOVE THIS PLACE. I first discovered it while living in Georgetown ( the original) and there was always a ridiculously long line of Washingtonians down M street ( I was usually one of them). Fast forward a few years, I make the move to Philly and OMG freak out because I see they are opening a Sweet Green. I could not have been happier. I know this sounds ridiculous, but I seriously Crave the Kale Ceasar ( with feta added) like a fat kid craves Mcdonalds! 
I almost want to give it 1 star because last week I went ....and low and behold NO FRO YO. Not just that day-- its gone forever!!! I am so pissed they took it away.  it was honestly the best, 10x pink berry and healthier! I don't understand it, while my friends and I all love the salads, we also LOVE the fro-yo. I just don't think it will be AS worthwhile to go anymore. I would have understood changing it to FroYo summer only, but I just don't get this. Why is it so difficult to do both??If you're coming to Sweetgreen, expect to pay around $10+ for a salad. The salads are pretty pricey, but so worth it. Their ingredients are always very fresh, and their salads leave you a healthy feeling afterwards. 
You can customize your own salads or order one of their signature salads. They also have a seasonal menu that changes depending on the local produce and what's in season. I love the avocobbo or the guacamole greens. Great place to get your veggies fix during the week. 
Tip: Bread comes with the salads so get a slice or two!A solid 4 stars. Ingredients are always fresh and make for deliciously large salads. Do yourself a favor- stick to the salads they put together, I have had had some dark experiences while trying to play chef on my own, like someone cold have told me shrimp and strawberries really don't mix. Only negative I have run into is the customer service, the majority of the time it sucks and I leave feeling annoyed with them. It is what it is really, this is the only place around Drexel and Penn that caters to your salad cravings. Go forth and stay green my friends.After a negative customer experience at sweetgreen, I posted a blurb on their Facebook page explaining what happened, and making suggestions. Then, whoever operates the page deleted my comment. As a consumer, I have the right to be heard and to be listened to. I worked in social media all summer, and best practice is to address each complaint, not silence it. Sweetgreen needs to keep that in mind because they just lost a once loyal customer. As far as what actually happened:
Normally I enjoy going to sweetgreen. The salads are fresh and the employees are generally friendly. But today I went to the UPenn location, expecting that same kind of service, and I had an awful experience.
I ordered a guacamole greens wrap and a small sweetflow to go. The employee that made my sweetflow was not wearing gloves, proceeded to scoop up a handful of grapes from the container with h...is bare hands, and individually mash them into my frozen yogurt. He said, "oh, don't mind my hands" and continued as if nothing was wrong. Needless to say, this more than disgusted me. This is completely unsanitary, and store managers should require that employees wear gloves when handling food.
Next, when I returned home, I found out that my guacamole greens wrap had been drizzled with the wrong kind of salad dressing, and that several of the salad leaves were rotting. The wrap was completely inedible.I usually create my own salad when I come to Sweetgreen. I'll caution you to be careful when doing this, because it can get to be a bit pricey, mostly because everything I want is considered a "premium" add-in. The ingredients are very fresh and their commitment to sustainability and local foods is admirable. I recently went with a mix of arugla, tofu, corn, egg and cucumbers which ran me around $9. A nice treat every once in while when you need a healthy filling lunch.I went during a relatively slow period, but I had great service! My one gripe is that the beets were, unexpectedly, raw. But the range of toppings lets you make an a) huge and b) fancy salad for a reasonably decent price. If I worked nearby I'd definitely be in more often. Solid.Its small and a little pricey but as a vegetable-hater, I really like sweet green.  That says a lot.Nothing special, just overpriced salads. I thought it was ok, but nothing amazing stood out--service was good, food okay, and atmosphere, eh.  It was your average garden variety... Just had to make a joke, eh! Go, don't go, it's as much of a toss of a coinWent on a Monday for lunch, had the Hummus bowl. Delicious and fresh. They have a pretty extensive menu with veggie options or you can build your own bowl. Great for a quick healthy lunch!sweetgreen is a refreshing option for a healthy lunch or dinner. The service is almost too quick, in that the staff working the food counter repeat questions. It seems like there is an online order option, where customers can pickup and go from the designated shelving for this purpose. I can definitely see myself using this option for a quick work lunch, and am happy know it exists.
The food is tasty and reasonably good for you. I tried the Harvest Bowl which offered a nice blend of flavors including apple, goat cheese, and sweet potatoes. There's also a rotating list of seasonal specialities that are appealing to me; and you can build your own salad or grain bowl if you prefer to go that route. 
Overall, it's a great choice for a healthy/quick lunch or dinner, and I'll definitely be returning to try more signature offerings!Meh.  You don't get a lot, and what you get is just ok.  I've had much better salads in my lifetime.  I've MADE much better salads in my lifetime.  There are plenty of eating options on this block, I don't have a reason to pick this one again.When the place I wanted to go for lunch was closed, I decided to try this place.  It was great to find a restaurant with a lot of veggie-based, but not all strictly vegetarian or vegan, options.  The salad I had (Wild Child) was excellent.  The rest of the menu looks great too.  But one thing kept me from giving it 5 or even 4 stars:
WHY IS THE MUSIC SO LOUD!!!!?
I like music.  In fact, I love music.  I play music. I go to music events.  I have accepted that no restaurant can tolerate, or thinks its customers can tolerate, a quiet background.  So, there's music. But this was so loud it made me feel anxious and rush my meal. Is that what restaurant management wants?  There's no need in this case, because it wasn't at all crowded, I could have lingered and relaxed without a tiny bit of guilt over making others wait for a table.  But yet I couldn't, because it was too loud.This place has the best salads! I think Sweetgreen is one of the few actually healthy "healthy" options for salads. The salads/wraps are all made from seasonal and local ingredients and they list exactly what local farm supplies them with each ingredient on the menu. The employees are friendly and they make the salads made to order right in front of you and do not mind if you substitute ingredients. They also give you a choice of how you want your salad dressing mixed into your salad- light, medium or heavy which is awesome.
The only reason for the 4 stars is the price. We paid $24 for two salads and two sodas but I would still happily go back!As far as salads go, Sweetgreen offers a variety of salads.  The price is on the expensive side and the volume is less than what you can get at Greek Lady.  I typically choose my own toppings rather than order off the menu.  For a custom salad, you get to choose a type of green (I go for spinach since it's supposed to have more nutritional value than other types of greens), 3 vegetables, and 1 crunch (usually I go for candied walnuts, but there are some other options such as almonds).  For dessert you can get a 3-topping cup of frozen yogurt for $4.  If you want a creamier yogurt texture, you should get frozen yogurt at Kiwi Yogurt on Chestnut St. where the price depends on weight (and toppings are self-serve).  
The service is pretty abysmal.  With the exception of a couple of people, the employees seem unmotivated and disheartened by their job.  One person was too lazy to make me a salad right before closing time, and a more intelligent (business-minded) employee had to make me one instead.
The beverages are overpriced so just get tap water with ice.  The bread that comes with the salad is pretty hard, but if it's freshly made, it's acceptable.
Service: C
Taste: BTheoretically, this is a nice addition to the line of restaurants between 38 and 40th on Walnut. I've been here a couple of times and the salads are good - fresh ingredients, and the company's policy is to buy local organic produce so that's good.
I like their general be-nice-to-the-planet philosophy, but sometime in the last month they did something that runs counter to that policy; sometime in the last month they installed an outdoor speaker (Bose speaker if you're interested) and they started blaring what they consider to be hip alternative music on the street. It's OK, to play music inside (and go on and play it as loud as you want), but why do they have to blare their music outside? Noise pollution is just as bad as any other type of pollution. This sets a bad precedent - what if Bobby's and Chipotle now decide that they should also play music outside to attract attention? Ugh. 
I talked to the manager and asked him to note my complaint to upper corporate management. He was very nice and noted that he'd pass on the complaint. We'll see what happens. In any case, although I like their product, I'm boycotting this place until they get rid of the outside speaker.So there are a handful of salad places around Penn in an attempt to combat the temptation of unhealthy choices. This one is by far the nicest. Clean, with seasonal salads and with fro-yo on the side-- it's a great place for a quick lunch. Downside is like all salad places, making one would be way cheaper than purchasing from here. Oh, $11 salad. How?
Santorini is my favorite!I literally ate here every single day last summer. Something about sweet greens salads set them apart from the rest. I can't quite put my finger on it, but it is seriously delicious and surprisingly satisfying. I always get a mix of the kale and mesclun with the spicy broccoli, corn, goat cheese, chicken, and balsamic dressing. Sometimes I'll throw in some falafel too. I think the best part about the ingredients at sweet green is that they're all fresh and individually dressed and seasoned before being thrown in the salad. The slice of bread on the side is also a perfect compliment to the meal. I would suggest downloading the app on your phone so you don't even have to pull out your wallet! Plus, if you spend $100 (which you will), you earn $10 towards your next purchase - that's a free salad right there! I used to love their frozen yogurt also but for some reason they got rid of the machine back in august :( But at least there's a capogiro right down the street!Sweetgreen has salads. They are pretty creative and reasonably delicious. I just don't get that "omg, i'm in love" feeling from it though. Its nice to have a healthy option in the area, but its a little pricey for what you get. I like the push for local, sustainable produce. 
They also have fro yo. It only comes in plain. Yay for the mint!I went there for lunch today and had the Kendrick Lamar salad AKA Beets Don't Kale My Vibe salad. It was rather delicious. For my calorie counting friends, it has 690 of them. However, it's worth every single calorie! Absolutely delicious. The staff was super friendly and fast and the line moved really quickly. I'll definitely be going back!I was not expecting it to be soooooo good. The salads are huge. You can customize it and oh. My. God. It was so delicious. Totally worth it and was surprised they didn't have a longer line! Best restaurant at Penn.Their new winter menu is absolutely amazing. I tried both the bento bowl and the apple butternut squash salad and they were both soooo delicious (and addictive)! Sweetgreen always does such a good job of making healthy food taste so good.The experience of Sweetgreen begins when you walk through the door. I was overwhelmed by the delicious smells of fresh ingredients and the good service.
People are able to choose individual items in a sort of a build-your-own salad bar. Or they can choose one of the salad menu options. Sweetgreen packs the bowl to the brim with the ingredients. And the dressings are fantastic--my personal favorite is the zesty cilantro jalapeño. 
One thing I don't understand are the complaints about the prices--$8-10 for a huge salad with any type of meat is more than fair. Not once have I walked out of this place still hungry.Guacamole Green Salad is what I got! I do like the idea of this place everything is fresh and sometimes fresh means bland but not here the lime vinaigrette in this salad is yummy along with the tortilla chips! The line moves fast and the salads are a tad expensive but if you have 13 bucks for a nice lunch then go here!Love this place and the food ! Salads are great but some times the staff can be a little wiard ! Best salads in townBeen going here since they first opened. Sweetgreen is fun, eccentric, and very fresh. It's not your typical salad works or baha fresh. Salads are very good but a little pricey.The salads are probably among the better salads I've ever had. But $10 for a salad - and one that they try to skimp on every ingredient they put in is just rude. Like when you add chicken for $2.35, they have a pretty small scooper to begin with, then they proceed to shake it like they're afraid they gave you too much. I wouldn't even mind the priceyness of the place, if it weren't for the fact that it feels like they're just trying to be stingy for ingredients that don't cost that much. Still, good food is good food, hence the 3 stars. I would give 4 stars if they weren't being stingy, and 5 stars if everything were just $1 less.Settle down youngster, and let me tell you a story of the Great Sweetpocalypse of 2016. 
So I've never been super sold on sweetgreen. They struck me as slightly overpriced salads that aren't really filling. I've come here a few times and always just left feeling vaguely meh. Then a promo code for what was literally free sweetgreen started making the rounds on group chats and listservs. A couple of friends and I figured why not, free food is better than no food. So we place our order and head over.
It was a madhouse. With no exaggeration, I saw hundreds of people cycle in and out of Sweetgreen while I was there, all trying to grab their free salads while the usual customers looked on in horror. They ran out of pretty much every ingredient through the course of the night . 
Despite all this, at no point did they stop trying their best to keep serving all their customers. They could have easily just said that they weren't honoring the offer but they called in people who were off duty to try and keep up with demand. While I'm still not a huge fan of sweetgreen, you have to respect that level of dedication to customer service. 4/5.They are poorly supplied and run out of ingredients often. The last couple times I've been they haven't given me bread. When I asked what could be done to fix it the response was, "Its been a long day. We can't give you bread." I said I wish I'd known before you processed my card, I wouldn't have bought this. Another person said, "well the bread is complementary anyway. Have a good night." I understand supply issues, but bad customer service is inexcusable. I am not returning.This is my go to place for salads. I like to make my own salad. My favorite sauce is their spicy cashew sauce. There's nothing like it. The portion is big, and the salad comes with a slice of bread if you want it. It is pricey but that's healthy food for ya. Cheers to some good green eats here!Sweetgreen is the latest addition to the number of ever-expanding fast-casual dining options in University City, and thus, exclusive to Penn students.  Located on the first floor of the Radian adjacent to Bobby's Burger Palace, Sweetgreen is an eco-friendly salad joint with tons of fresh choices, a hip and modern decor, and bank-breaking salads.  If you're willing to spend the extra green to "save the environment", then Sweetgreen is for you.
Don't get me totally wrong though.  The salads may be expensive, but they are absolutely worth every cent.  The DC-based chain makes it a priority to source at least half of its ingredients from local farms and distributors; ideal for locavores.  It's also a good idea to opt for their pre-made salads than make your own (which can become quite pricey if you choose poorly).  My Santorini salad with fresh mint, grapes, feta, and shrimp covered in a light cucumber-yogurt dressing was crisp, refreshing, and extremely satisfying.  It wasn't good enough to make me want to spend more than $10 every day for lunch, but it's a good once-in-a-while meal.
Sweetgreen also offers frozen yogurt (tart, like Pinkberry), and an all-Boylan soda fountain (a major plus, and in my opinion, Sweetgreen's best feature).  It may not be the cheapest salad alternative on campus (it's probably the most expensive), but with the freshest, most local ingredients and a commitment to promoting healthy diets and attitudes, Sweetgreen is definitely worth the experience.The sweetgreen at Univ. of Penn is amazing .Very clean & not a long wait for ordering . The best salad to order has to b summer BBQ. Also the staff are so incredibly friendly.Review Summary: Ambience: 3/5    Food: 4/5    Service: 5/5
I love this place. Before coming to the States I hated salad-- what was the point of eating a few pieces of raw vegetable, lathered with strange gooey sauces from the supermarket? After Sweetgreen, I was completely converted. 
This is a great place to go for a light yet filling meal of greens. The staff has a good number of young twenty-somethings who are friendly and really efficient. There are a lot of great toppings to choose from-- I never get bored of eating salad here! Their frozen yogurt is also delightful and I am in love with the slices of (free, you should ask for more because they'll give it to you!) warm bread that come with the salads. I don't know what it is about them but they always hit the spot. 
However, my favourite thing about this place has to be their dressings. Care for some Pesto Vinaigrette? Lime Cilantro? Or even plain old Caeser? I don't know a place that does them better.