Been coming here for years. Deeeeeelicious!This place is great! So far, the main dishes I've had are the pulled pork, pulled chicken, salmon, & wings. The smoky wings - life changing. Wow! The brussel sprouts with bacon are my favorite side.  Everything is always soo tasty. The only disappointment to me was the actual corn in the corn bread. But I'll forgive them and just remember to never order that again.  The prices are very reasonable. So glad that I live only 5 minutes away from all this bbq wonderfulness.Went to lunch here for my second time.
As a born and raised North Carolinian ( REAL bbq country) was elicited to try something new to me.
Wow! I was impressed both times.
Great pulled pork !!!
Great sides as well.
2 come with the sandwich.
Sat in the full service/bar area.
Was waited on by a very, very pretty and attentive your lady. GREAT service on a busy Friday at lunch.
Will be back many more times.
Can't wait to try the all you can eat buffet!!!
Love this place!!!
5 starsAll is all good bbq. I didn't like that the brisket was pulled, I enjoy brisket slices but the ribs were cooked well and the sides are great! Try the creamy spinach!
The pulled pork had a good smoke ring on it and all the meat had good flavor. I will try the chicken the next time I go.Best ribs, great service. The inside looks even better after the remodel. Never had a bad meal there. I always get the mac and cheese and baked beans. Pulled chicken sandwich was great. Friendly staff and short wait times for your food.This place is soo good. I usually get the kids meal with the half pulled pork or pulled chicken sandwich with a side of the mac and cheese or the cole slaw and a piece of cornbread. The last time I visited I got the full-size meal to see what it was like and it was huge! You get two sides plus a full size sandwich and that was way too much for me to eat in one sitting. I'm sticking with the kids size meals for now on. Would definitely recommend Sweet Lucy's for lunch if you work or live in the area. The service is quick and the food is delish. I've never gone for dinner, but I've heard they have a buffet on Monday nights which sounds pretty awesome. If you want BBQ, go to Sweet Lucy's. You'll be happy you did.What can I say... it's the best BBQ I've had thus far in the Philadelphia area and well worth the trip if your looking for real SMOKED BBQ. Made my first trip this past weekend and wasn't quite sure what to make of it as it sits alone in a warehouse district of off 95 in the Mayfair area but as soon as you smell the "SMOKE"... yum! Loved the ribs, smoked hot wings, grits, collard greens, cornbread, sauces... the brisket was really good too (but I prefer mine sliced not chopped). And the blueberry-peach crisp is worth going for alone... can't wait to try their bourbon bread pudding. 
"Why is the meat PINK??? It's the result of cooking with wood in a closed pit. The smoke imports a delicious aroma & flavor as well as a distinctive pink color. Sp don't confuse this pinkness with undercooked or rare; all of our meats are slow-cooked for hours until perfectly done. The PINK you see is the sign of authentic BBQ!" -Sweet Lucy's SmokehouseActually, this is really a 4.5 star BBQ joint.  Have been here several times.  My last meal was a half rack of ribs and the BBQ chicken wings.  Every thing is smoked perfectly.  Not just slabbed with sweet sauce and served sugary.  Ribs were excellent, asked for the BBQ sauce on the side. Very tender, well smoked and delectable.  The wings were also perfect with the right amount of crunch on the outside and tender in the inside.  Have not ordered any of the sandwich's as I really didn't want to add any of the carbs/filler with all the great meats.
Decent bar inside and drinks are well poured.  Staff/service is also great and friendly.  Highly recommended if you like BBQ.I'm not on Lipitor, but after my trip to Sweet Lucy's, I should probably consider it.
One Monday, I wanted BBQ. No, scratch that - I needed BBQ. The hunger swept over me; I was insatiable. I made a desperate plea to my Facebook friends - "where can I find the best BBQ in Philadelphia?" I received some traditional answers, but a few NE friends suggested Sweet Lucy's. I head to Google. "Oh, all you-can-eat buffet on Monday nights?" To the NE I venture.
Sure, Sweet Lucy's looks like an abandoned warehouse from the outside, but inside you're transported into an utopia of BBQ. Let me give you the rundown of the all-you-can-eat options; starting with the assortment of sides: homemade cornbread, collard greens, corn on the cob, creamed spinach, mac and cheese, mashed garlic potatoes, roasted brussel sprouts, southwest salad, potato salad, cucumber salad, salad with fresh salmon). After you induce yourself into a near coma from the sides, you're presented with a selection of meats:  sausage, pulled pork, chicken, ribs...it goes on. 
I'll be honest - I came with a goal to eat my literal weight in BBQ, and after four very robustly filled plates, a subsequent removal of belt, and loss of dignity, I stopped cashing out and left - mission complete.Sweet Lucy's has a nice homelike feel to it.  The staff was friendly and helpful.  I was stupid to have eaten late in the afternoon before going there, because once I walked in the door, the aroma of spicy greens and smoked meat gave me the yummies.  So I had to order something...the chili seemed an easy choice...spicy, full of meat.  I also had a side of corn bread which was light and moist...perfect.  My eyeballs were definitely taking in the ribs from friends plates.  They smelled great.
So from my limited vantage point as far as menu selection, I would make the trek back to sink my teeth into those ribs, and I think the place has a fine open atmosphere that was really comfortable.Really good Texas beef brisket - just wish I had more of it, kind of surprised by the portion sizes here, but the food quality is great and the taste is better. Cute little spot too, really liked the atmosphere.Awesome grub and friendly staff.  Parking is tight when crowded.  Chili and wings and ribs and mac & cheese......Amazing Barbeque...and I've been to many, many places in the city looking for great barbeque..sketchy, posh and in-between and nothing touches this. This is perfectly smoked, nonfatty meat done perfectly. The meat is so great, that instead of a 'platter,' where you can also choose sides, I order a half a rack of ribs...'just the meat.' It literally could just fall off the bone. In the past, when I got ribs, they were either fatty or tough, these are neither. Well trimmed, not fatty, and not tough at all...perfect meat. 
Of all things, their brownies are also amazing.
The service is fast, the have an open area where you can put on as much (or as little) sauce as you want to compliment what you get - their hot sauce is just incredible also.
Overall, I am so happy with this place that I have to make an effort to avoid it. I read that they do catering, and I wouldn't hesitate to use them if I ever had a need.I must be hard to please. 
Four of us went to Sweet Lucy's about a year and a half ago. We were the only ones in the place. You drive into a fenced off parking lot which is housed in between two huge factory buildings. Their door is on the side of one of the buildings and holds a small raised patio for outside dining. 
Our mouths were watering for "the best barbecue we have ever eaten"!  
You walk into a large open area where you start by ordering and pay for what you are about to recieve.  Down the line is an open kitchen where you view the cooking of the ribs, beans, barbecued pulled pork and keilbassi.  Then you have an area for extra sauces, condiments, utensils and napkins.  Right around the corner is the dining area with a fair amount of tables and chairs.  
All four of us agreed, it was not even close to the best barbeque we have ever had. Ribs were not tender and they were fatty and the flavor left a lot to be desired.  No booze is served here, but you are welcome to bring your own.
I personally, have been trying ribs everywhere, just to find the best and in my opinion ( are you ready for this? ),  Ruby Tuesdays has the very best so far. They are perfect. You pick them up and they fall right off the bone. They are tender, no fat and the flavor is perfect! Their secret is to slow bake and baste them for 24 hours! Give them a try Sweet Lucy fans and let me know what you think! 
Sweet Lucy's you didn't even come close to impressing me.
Wheelchair accessible, ramp and small managable lip at entrance door.I've never had bad food here. I've also hired them to do catering and it worked out great. Would recommend to anyone. Plus they recently added a small bar so u can have a beer while waiting for pick up or if u stay and eat there.Monday night all you can eat buffet... Words cannot express the happiness!!!
I've been here numerous times and never had a bad meal. The smoked Salmon on the buffet is very tasty! Get there close to 5 for the buffet or you will wait to be seated.Everything was excellent....The ribs, the spinach,the sweet potatoes,the cole slaw and the corn bread. Price was excellent. Service was excellent. I wish that I lived closer because I'd be there once a week.What's to say that everyone in Philadelphia doesn't already know. Sweet Lucy's is the best BBQ around. Go try it and you won't regret it!great food, fair price, good service, ans incredibly consistent!  every single time i go there, and it is quite often, i am never disapponted!!!  for around 13$ you get a full meal.   eithier a 1/2 rack of ribs/pork/1/2 of a chicken with 3 delicious sides, all are fantastic. there mac and cheese, corn bread, ribs, chicken, and believe it or not, cole slaw are some of the best i have had anywhere. crowded and noisy to eat there, but it is a small price to pay for the food.  one thing that drives me out of my mind is the country music they play.  seriously??  in philly??   lets get some alternative up in here!!Check out Wingman Collier's video Wing review, delicious wings, awesome atmosphere and great service!!
Search Wingman Collier on Facebook and YouTube!!!
Keep the Wing Train Rolling 
Enjoy Life One Wing at a Time!!I love this place. You can sit in or call in an order for pickup.
The place isn't your typical resturant with waiters or waitresses. You give your order and wait for your name to be called and everything is given to you in takeaway containers, just in case you may have leftovers **cough cough** I never do. You pretty much have to tend to yourself once you get your food and they have soda/drink dispensers in the sitting area. 
The food is great I typically alternate between the texas brisket or the pulled pork.  Both are so appetizing. The mac & cheese is creamy and it always hits the spot especially when you need comfort food. I also really enjoy their collard greens and corn bread.Delicious!!! The pulled pork was not the best I've ever had but that's why a 4 instead of 5 stars. It's clean and the food is fab. I will def be going again!!!Okay....when I walked in the place, mind you it was the Monday night buffet!  There was this blimp of a man, humongous human being slowly moving down the buffet line like a giant water buffalo....It scared me!  I'm like, "If I eat here, will this happen to me?"  And following him was a line of water Buffalo's piling their plates like it was gonna be a long long winter and before hibernation.....
Well, now on to the food....I got in that line with my husband and the food was good....very good....Everything was very flavorful! 
 And a big shout out to the Apple Crisp!!!!
The Mac and Cheese was tangy but the texture of it was not like my baked Macaroni and Cheese, I understand  they cook for the masses...they do what that gotta do...it tasted better than it looked.
The sides altogether were very great!  The Cornbread made me get back up in the line again....I started moving like a water buffalo and got scared again!  :-)
The baby back ribs were very Southern style worthy! and my husband is a BBQ Snob!  He loved the beef ribs and the baby backs!
I really enjoyed the room, I felt like I was down south some where in the Carolinas!  It was a wonderful BBQ experience altogether! 
Sitting at the next table was the blimp and all of his friends....They were there before we got there and still there after we left...and as we were leaving, I understood....I felt like one of the blimp boys because the Buffet was just that good!
One thing....there are no sneeze guards or anyway to protect the food...should someone sneeze...it's all over....the whole buffet...ruined.  
I understand  the homestyle ambiance, but invest in some Sneeze guard protectors for the food!!!There is NOTHING I dislike about Sweet Lucy's except one thing: the collard greens are spicy and I don't like spicy. ALL the meats are melt-in-your-mouth tender and juicy. My favorite barbecue restaurant of all time bar none. Brisket, ribs, and MORE brisket.Sweet Lucy's BBQ tastes like it's from somewhere else, somewhere that meat and smoke and sauce are considered deadly serious topics of conversation. I love me some Philadelphia food but our local BBQ joints often fall short of stellar. Sweet Lucy's could go toe-to-toe with some of my favorites from trips to St. Louis and Nashville - and I hit those cities with an eye toward eating some good BBQ. If you're a Southerner looking for a taste of home, a BBQ aficionado looking to see where this falls in the rankings, or just hungry, you will leave Sweet Lucy's happy. And full. Oh, God, you will leave full. 
I love the reassuring standardization of menus at good BBQ joints. There will be chicken and pulled pork and brisket and ribs and you'll be able to order a sandwich, a platter, or a combination platter with various numbers of sides. Sweet Lucy's options are exactly what I was expecting, and hoping for. I got the "Double the Fun" platter, which comes with two meats, 3 sides, and either a roll or cornbread. Since they didn't have broccoli slaw today, I got two portions of cucumber and tomato salad (hey, gotta get the veggies in somewhere!) and potato salad. The portions of meat and sides were very generous. Lauren H tagged along and filled out or order with half a rotisserie chicken. I also got us a 1/2 pint of mild BBQ sauce, which turned out to be unnecessary - the meat is served with the perfect portion of sauce. It'll be nice to have at home, though!
The BBQ was abso-frickin-delicious. The pulled pork had a rich meaty flavor and  was not fatty at all (if pulled pork has a downfall, it is the ease with which it can go from delicious meaty goodness to fatty icky globs). The brisket was incredibly tender and moist and was not dry at all (if brisket has a downfall, it is the ease with which comes to resemble your grandmother after you leave her in the sun too long. I mean ... nevermind). The cucumber salad had nice big chunks of cucumber and tomato and a great dressing that was not too vinegar-y; I know it's silly to compare BBQ joints on the basis of their vegetables, but this was way better than Percy Street's. The potato salad was wicked good and had a somewhat unusual flavor, the dressing almost had a hint of Russian dressing in it (who knows, maybe it does!). I went with the roll this time, it was big and light - almost like challah. Next time I'll go for the cornbread, because it looked real good. I'm sure Lauren H will weigh in on the chicken, but the amount of leftovers (none) and the expressed desire for a nap post-lunch leads me to believe it was just as good as everything I sampled. 
It's a bit inconvenient to get to if you're in center city, although it's incredibly easy to get to (95N to Cottman Ave., right at the first light onto State, cross Bleigh and you'll see a sign for it on your left). We got our food to go but the place looks cute and clean, I'd be happy to eat here on my own, with friends, or to bring a family. Anyone who likes good food and feeling full is gonna leave Sweet Lucy's happy.Very good, very reasonable prices for solid bbq. My boyfriend had the chicken & ribs combo and he enjoyed it. I wasn't hungry for a big bbq dinner so I tried their salmon sandwich and it was amazingly good! Good cut of salmon filet, good amount of cheese and lettuce/tomato. The sauce on the sandwich gave it a great kick. Must try the Mac & cheese btw! So cheesy & has some type of smoked flavor that I can't figure out. So good though! The cornbread are moist & yummy!Always a pleasure at Sweet Lucys. This time was a LARGE takeout order for 6adults and a gaggle of kids. Pulled pork, mashed sweets, mac & cheese bbq chicken, cornbread and more. As always, SL food was fresh delicious and so satisfying. Eat at SL when you want/can overindulge. Its worth every single chubby little piggy calorie. YUM!!!Stopped in for take out a few times. Always a great meal! Excellent smoked chicken, ribs and pulled pork. Staff is always courteous and speed of service is well worth it. Cornbread is amazing too!My second visit here was better. We arrived 10 minutes before closing (9pm) and they had no problem letting us eat in. Found the crock of BBQ sauce this time - only one kind, but serviceable. The ribs were the best tonight, while the chicken and brisket were good but not great. The brisket was not especially tender, and the chicken was kind of standard. The mashed sweet potatoes were bo-ring - Boston Market puts in brown sugar and marshmallows, hello? The chili had a good flavor, with the ratio of beans to meat reversed - a slightly odd idea, but still tasty. The cornbread was pretty uninspired. Go ahead and microwave it before you serve it would be my suggestion to management.
So why three stars still? A lack of attention to detail. One kind of sauce, yawn inducing sides, and then the plastic utensils and styrofoam containers. Your cup here includes anti-paper/pro-styrofoam propaganda on the side. Please. I'd prefer they waste the dishwater to save the landfill space, and make this place a bit more of an overall experience.
Sorry, Sweet Lucy's, this isn't Southern cooking - you ain't fooling me. There's a reason no one talks about "Northern hospitality" - a lot of people up here just don't care beyond making a profit.Great food, the creamed spinach is my favorite! My job orders from here,catered at least 3xs a year. Pulled BBQ chicken is my favoirteI've been trying to get here for years. And now I've kicked myself in the ass!!!
I've never had Memphis style BBQ so I can't make a true comparison but this place is amazing. You can not only see the smoke ring in the ribs but taste it as well. All of the sides are great. Greens, grits, garlic mashed, it's all great!! I will be back!!It' been awhile since I  went to Sweet Lucy's, However in the last two months I have been there three times due to the fact my dear friend who can not go out any more loves it. I have found that sides improve the meat has always been excellent and I enjoyed the food very much. But the customer service is lacking. The people indifferent.Therefore they didn't get  the fifth star from me.I've got to give this place a very solid four stars. While I have found the barbecue sauce to be on the sweet side, and the coleslaw to be a little bit lacking, these would be my only complaints.
The meats are generally fantastic, and the cornbread is some of the best I've ever had.
Service is reasonably quick, and although the seating area is somewhat small, we have never yet had a problem getting a booth.
My wife and kids love this place, and after our first visit it quickly became one of our "go-to" spots.
Very reasonable prices...The food is delicious, the dining room is down to earth and comfortable! It gets busy though, especially for the Monday night buffet!Wow this place was spectacular. Really neat old building and it was packed. I had the ribs, brisket w/ sides. Cornbread was actually the best I've had. There was a very long line both for pickup and eat in, we sat at the bar which was a great call, so if there's space at the bar, definitely sit there to skip the wait.They Have the best ribs in Philly, great service, eat in, not that much room, I always take out,the brisket is the platter, I  get most of the time, enjoyI was there to meet up with some fellow Yelpers and I had no idea what I was getting into.  Sweet Lucy's.  I figured it would be either a dive bar or a  gentleman's club.  I guess I just trust Jim and Lisa enough not to look it up. 
I'm not huge fan of meat and I ate dinner for two in that one visit.  This place has a character that can't be denied.  I have not been to a bbq place like this ever.
Overall, you are into bbq stuff, I don't think you can go wrong at Sweet Lucy's.BBQ joints are not my cup of tea but I've always heard great stuff about this place and all is true from what everyone says.  This place is great.    Mondays are the day to go if your looking for a bbq buffet.  Great ribs and chicken, very well seasoned.  They got collard greens but I dont like them so I didnt try it.  Mac and cheese, was the best I ever had!!  Its that good.  Just eating that would of made my day!  The pulled pork is amazing also, juicy and moist.  I believe this place is byob, I did notice alot of people with their own adult beverages lol.  They do carry desserts also, cookies, ice cream and i believe it was red velvet cups cakes.
Just a reminder come in with a empty stomach, and that goes for all buffets lol.
Happy Eatings!!I ate here for the first time this weekend. It is much bigger inside the dining area than it looks from outside. You place your order at the counter when you walk in, then take you food and seat yourself. There is also a soda fountain for your drinks. I love this idea for this type of food. I got the  1/2 chicken and  1/2 rack of ribs. The chicken was very moist and in a sweet BBQ sauce. The ribs were excellent! The meat fell off the bones. I had mac n cheese and chili for my sides. The mac n cheese was absolutely perfect. The chili was watery, and I wouldn't get it again. My girlfriend had the pulled pork, and it was one of the best I have had in this area. The next time I go back I will definitely be getting that. If you are in the mood for BBQ in Philly, this is the place to go.I've never sat down and eaten a meal in the actual restaurant so this review is based solely on the food, the price, and the kind of treatment I've received from my annoying questions over the telephone. (Which was very pleasant and helpful actually.)
First and foremost, I've been to two back to back parties where this was the chosen catered food. I didn't think too much of it last year, I knew it was good.
This year, I couldn't help myself from having 3rds, 4ths and maybe even 5ths of their delicious pulled pork and some cole slaw.
When it came to hosting a party of my own, my girlfriend and I opted to spend about $100 on pounds of food for 10-15 people.
3lbs of pulled pork
3lbs of pulled chicken
2qts of mac & cheese
1qt of baked beans
The price is phenomenal considering the true cost is a lot better than having spent an entire day slow cooking the meat to perfection, which is how it's presented. It's a lot better than spending all the time perfecting a sweet and savory BBQ sauce. They've already done all the work, and beautifully at that. Our food was still hot even though I showed up late to pick it up, and it was packaged brilliantly well. I had no fears just plopping it onto my backseat and after about a 40min drive to S. Jersey, it was superbly intact.
The most surprising part was their phenomenal mac & cheese. I expected good but not something that's most definitely a contender for the best mac & cheese I've ever had.
I prefer the pulled pork over the pulled chicken but we ran out of most of the pork... so now it's past midnight after our evening party and I'm still picking away at cold, yet still amazingly delicious pieces of chicken.
I'm a night owl, sure. However, I was just laying in bed recalling the nice little party we had and I couldn't stop thinking about the food. My mouth started watering.
So, I got up to pick at the leftovers...
And... I also picked up my laptop, opened it up... and here we are...
...now, back to more chicken.
I'm just so sad that all 2qts of the mac & cheese are gone.
Final thoughts: it's a bit out of the way but I definitely intend to sit down for one of their Monday night all-you-can-eat-buffet. That might have be... tomorrow evening.I've only been here once but it was damn good. It wasn't too long before they closed for that night either, so that's saying something. Brisket and sauce was great, and cornbread was among the best I ever had. Who knew you could get some real bbq in phillyribs were tender and tasty, but lacked smoke. brisket was bullshit...chopped and sauced, and again, lacked smoke. Pulled pork was the hit here, not pulled too much, still chunky, but tender. Just enough Carolina glaze(cider viny, brown suga, and crushed pepper) on it for seasoning.  The pork had some smoke flavor, but again, very weak. 
One complaint I have is the sauce on the ribs and brisket. I told you everything on the side!
I didn't bother getting any sides. Just got a half lb of brisket and pulled pork, and a rack of ribs. Not worth a second trip. If you just like average bbq, you'll be pleased, but if you're a connoisseur, don't bother. Percy Street kicks their ass.When I travel around the country especially down south I make it a point to go to a well talked about BBQ spot...usually from yelp reviews. I've found some decent spots in Georgia and Florida but nothing that I've been wow-wed over.
Well I have now found a spot that puts the wow in my BBQ. I can not believe that I haven't driven my ass here earlier or the fact that its actually in Philly. Me, my wife and 3 friends went to SL yesterday for my birthday. I wanted BBQ...its my birthday. Everyone gets to listen to me. 
I had a full rack of ribs with mac & cheese, spicy collared greens and baked beans. I can say now that these were the best ribs I've ever had. They were meaty, fell of the bone with a great spice and the BBQ sauce was just the right amount. They were fantastic. The mac and cheese and greens were also quite fabulous. The baked beans were good but Tex's BBQ still holds that award with his cowboy beans. They will be hard to beat. 
I also really like the way SL is setup. We brought a growler and a couple 6 packs and picked a table before we stood in line to order. Between ordering, paying and actually getting our food it was mere minutes. Rolls or paper towels grace each of the tables which is wonderful because I am messy like a 2 year old child with spaghetti. 
I enjoyed my birthday and really enjoyed the BBQ. I plan on getting there again very soon. After that I will have to figure out a way to try Percy St BBQ without getting shot on South St.BEST BBQ AROUND.
The overall atmosphere is similar to Famous Dave's , but the service and food is a thousand times better.  The dining room is cozy and well lit. To make it even better, Lucy's has a large flatscreen hanging up on the wall AND it is BYOB! So you have a place where you can eat excellent BBQ, enjoy a beer, and watch the game???heaven.
BBQ chicken and the brisket were amazing.
sides=perfect.
I just made myself hungry.Most official BBQ spot in Philly.  Easy self-seating, excellent chicken, ribs & brisket.After wanting to try this place for awhile, we finally came here for lunch recently. There are not many legitimate barbecue places in the Philadelphia area, but this is definitely one of them. This is a random area of northeast Philadelphia that is pretty industrial looking. The good thing about this is, they have a parking lot! That's a huge plus for me. The inside has a pretty rustic feel to it and reminds you of a BBQ joint you would see in the south. They have pretty much every item you could want at a BBQ place. They have platters with a variety of items you could get if you were bringing dinner home for your family or something. The girl working at the counter was nice and helpful. I just ordered the pulled chicken sandwich, which was really good. The sandwiches all come with two sides, so I got a brownie and mac and cheese. Everything was great. My husband got the pulled pork sandwich which I also tried and that was good. They have the pepsi version of the coke machine that makes all the different drinks, which is nice. They also have alcoholic drinks here, which I did not have any but would be nice if coming on a weekend. I would definitely come here again, although it is not an area I typically am in, we stopped here on the way to Jersey. If you're looking for good BBQ, try this place.Usually I consider three stars a bad thing, but this is a positive three stars. I've only had takeout from here (and ended up comparing them to this other place I had recently (which was a lot better, but gave you less food than Sweet Lucy's). 
Pros: You get A TON of food for what you pay 
Cons: Nothing really stood out to me aside from the cornbread. 
Meat: I had the brisket platter. It wasn't particularly tender or juicy. It was just okay, but there was a lot of meat (more than the other BBQ place I went to). It comes with three small sides (smaller than the small when you order a side on its own), but it was still a lot of food for $13.99. It also comes with cornbread (or a roll), so it doesn't count as a side. 
Sides: I tried collard greens for the first time. They were weird, but I didn't mind them. I got the mashed sweet potatoes, and someone else in my party got the garlic mashed potatoes with gravy (which I tried). I didn't like the mashed sweet potatoes, and the garlic mashed potatoes had WAY TOO MUCH GARLIC (you could hardly taste the potatoes, only garlic). Because the food comes in those square Styrofoam containers with a large platter spot with two sides, some of the BBQ sauce spilled into the mac and cheese. It was delicious, didn't taste dry (like when restaurants keep it under a heat lamp all day). The corn bread was also really good. It was fluffy, moist, and didn't have a "grainy" taste (I made some at home, and it was like all the cornmeal didn't dissolve). 
Conclusion: You get a lot of food for what you pay, but it's average at best. You don't go to a BBQ place solely for mac and cheese and cornbread (the only two things that stood out to me), and I'm probably being unfair by comparing it to the other BBQ place I went to recently.Hands down my favorite BBQ joint in philly! It's always consistent and has yet to let me down. Even when they are crazy busy, the food is always on point.
My favs are the smoked wings and ribs. Im drooling just thinking about them! Make sure that you order a side of their homemade buttermilk ranch for the wings! All of the sides are delish as well- I usually go for the Mac n cheese, chili, creamed spinach, or cucumber and tomato salad. If your looking for awesome BBQ in a clean/ no fuss spot, definitely check out sweet lucys stat!We used to go here a lot.  Unfortunately, the last few times it was very crowded and busy and had to wait.  It was hot inside and parking was difficult. The food is good tends to get pricey however.  We will keep going especially for the salmon, baked beans and creamed spinach. Really good.Truly hands down one of the best . a must visit destination any time visiting or for anyone that lives here in philly.Came on a Friday in the afternoon,The place was crowded but not packed . My Uncle &I ordered the rack for2   which included 3  somewhat small sides +2 pieces of cornbread.Every thing was very good! Babyback ribs were cooked perfectly had a decent charcoal flavor Mac&cheese was  AMAZING!!! Coleslaw was ok.and baked beans were good they had pulled pork in them(nice touch). They also have a selfserve fixens bar with bbq sauce(very watery ) pickles and different peppers no long hots but still were OK..Staff was very accommodating, friendly & pleasant. I thought $30 was a little excessive and that was with no beverages.I guess the $20 Monday buffet is the ticket!! All and all very good food I would visit again.Great Philadelphia BBQ flavor. 
Go for lunch and dinner. 
Their ribs are great but the chicken wings are phenomenal.This place is overrated in my opinion.  The staff was unfriendly, but on to the food.  They only offer babybacks no spareribs.  What's up with that!  I ordered the rib platter w/collard greens, mac n cheese, cornbread and potato salad.  The only thing I liked in the meal was the potato salad, and even it would've tasted a little better had it been colder. 
The mac n cheese was bad, half done pasta.  I threw it out, and I am a huge mac n cheese fan.  I also love cornbread, but theirs was kind of rubbery as if pudding had been mixed in the batter. 
The collard greens were ok, but could've used some bits of turkey meat or bacon.  
The ribs were moist and tender, but what good is a tender rib when the sauce is bad?  
The sauce tasted and looked like watered down tomato paste.  It wasn't even slathered on the ribs but instead a couple of skimping tablespoons tossed across. 
 I was dissapointed for the drive I made over there going by the many positive reviews it received on Yelp as barbecued ribs happen to be one of my favorite foods.  I will not be trekking over there anytime soon.Sweet Lucy's was an interesting find. It's in an unexpected location that looks like an abandoned warehouse. However, once you get inside and a whiff of BBQ hits your nostrils you are in heaven. Some of the best BBQ in Philadelphia, if not the best.We loved their food, but felt the place was too casual (the food is served in takeout boxes). The Dixie coleslaw is great, and so are the cheesy grits with corn!Sweet Lucy's is so Slammin! My husband and I normally get the meal for four and add a side! Not because there is a lack of food. Strictly because it's SO good and we want to try everything every time. We normally get half chicken and ribs or pork. We always get collard greens, grits, and beans. Mmm!Since I missed the UYE here last month this place has been burning in the back of my head. So I went back and tried their buffet. This way I got a good sampling of most of the their meats. 
Major piece of advice - if you are going to the buffet - GO EARLY! 
It starts at 5pm on Monday nights and runs until 8:30pm. It was still packed at 6:30-7 when we got there. We had to wait in line just to pay before sitting down. If you get their early they will have someone cutting super tender, succulent pieces of prime rib. I managed to weasel through the line and get some before it was gone. They were constantly refilling the buffet items so everything was hot and fresh. I usually don't like ribs but their beef ribs are so good and the sauce is so tasty that I went back for seconds. The garlic mashed red potatoes are by far the best of the sides. The corn bread was being fought over and was gone almost immediately after it came out so it took me standing over the basket like a vulture waiting for more to come out for me to get a square. It was worth it because it was moist, sweet and light. 
My only criticism is the desserts. The chocolate chips need taken away from their kitchen. They put them in everything. So it ended up making every dessert into some form of chocolate chip cookie. There was a warm cake that had apples in it that was ruined by the insane multitude of chocolate chips added to it. But with that said I did not come there for dessert anyway.The food is very good but we went on Monday which is buffet night and they ran out of almost everything and were VERY slow to replenish the items.The food is absolutely amazing here. Pulled pork, mashed sweet potatoes, & cornbread = heaven. I recommend calling ahead for your food bc the place is always packed.Good BBQ (as evidenced by the loyal following of law enforcement eating there at any given time).
The Great: smoked chicken wings- great flavor, very tasty. Cole slaw- some of the best I've ever had. Mac n cheese- great blend of cheeses gives it a nice combo of bite and creamy.
The Good: ribs- pretty good, but missing a memorable bark and smoky flavor. Pulled pork- also good, pairs well with the vinegar sauce they serve up front. The cornbread- good stuff.
The Blah: the brisket is way overcooked and is more like pulled beef. A real big miss. Potato salad was really disappointing, especially considering that their other sides are super.
Overall, I dug this place and will be back for wings and ribs. Haven't done the Monday night all-you-can-eat for $19.95, but its on my list of 'to-do's'.The other reviewers are right.  This is one of America's best BBQ places, from the cornbread to the wings to the ribs to the cucumber/tomato salad.  Everything is excellent, including the people who take your orders.Best BBQ food ever. The mac and cheese is heavenly and all of the meats just melt in your mouth. If you haven't tried this place you are definitely missing outOne of the best BBQ places in Philly! I've been here about 4 times already and think their food is delicious. Mac & cheese and pulled pork is amazing.For the record we eat a lot of barbecue and my husband does his own smoking. This is some of the best barbecue in the area hands down. Great atmosphere; location is easy to find off 95 with plenty of street and lot parking. The smell is real as is the food. Sampled ribs, brisket and kielbasa as well as mac& cheese, potato salad, corn bread and the best creamy, cheesy spinach. Everything was perfectly cooked and portions were a nice size.I was introduced to Sweet Lucy's for dinner.  Sweet Lucy's have a bar that carries many local brew.  The setting is comfortable.  When you arrive, you will have to order first before sitting down at a table of your choosing.  I ordered rib with pull pork with Brussels sprout, mashed potato, Mac and cheese, and corn bread as the side.  I also ordered an order of the chicken wings with dry rub.  The food came about 10 minutes later.  Both the rib and pull pork was tender and tasty.  I am not a big fan of Brussels sprouts but their Brussels sprouts was pretty good.  I wish I could have more.  The chicken wings is awesome!  It was tender and tasty.  It does not need any sauce.    There is just one thing.  The tables were slightly sticky.  It feels like a think film of grease stuck to the furniture over time.  If the tables and sauces on the table can be cleaned better, it will elevate customer experience more.  Overall, I loved the restaurant.So I've been comming here for awhile now and I have to say the food is delicious. Friday's I always get the hickory smoked salmon. Literally to die forLove, love, love this place!  Super casual, laid back dining with yummy food.  Beef brisket is nice and tender, BBQ sauce is just perfect.  Mac and cheese and coleslaw are my favorite sides.  I could eat a whole pan of cornbread too!As I'm a southern boy, I've eaten a lot of bar-b-que. Lucy's rate right in the middle of the road for me. They're sides didn't have many vegetable options save the collard greens, I would have loved to see some country green beans, corn something or Brunswick stew. 
The pulled pork was good, and the flavor of the house sauce was also good. Beans were OK and the Mac and Cheese was different and good. As previous posts stated the cornbread was excellent. Chocolate chip bread pudding as a side option tidied things up nicely. 
All in all good meal, but as I said, just middle of the road for me, nothing stood out.Mm, bbq...  This place turns me into Homer Simpson.  Seriously, this place has the best bbq you'll have this side of the Mississippi R. and Mason Dixon Line.  I mean, I've had bbq in Kansas City, and it was better, but not by much, and Sweet Lucy's certainly provides the best bbq fix around these parts.  This is real, down-home bbq - no chain restaurant food, like at Famous Dave's.  No, sir, this is no-frills, mouth-watering meat perfection.
I first went here with a guy I was dating, who I was not that into at first and who I discovered that I didn't like much as a person after I got to know him.  That's the last time I pick up a guy at a dive bar in Philadelphia...  Anyway, he was obsessed with food, fantasizing about it day and night and plotting which restaurant he'd go to next.  The only good thing that came of that relationship was that he took me to Sweet Lucy's, and now that he doesn't live in the state anymore, I've claimed the place as my own piece of bbq heaven.
They've got pulled pork, chicken, spare ribs, etc.  You name it, they bbq it.  And they serve it up with a sweet and perfectly tangy bbq sauce and corn bread.  Totally yummylicious.  And it's BYOB, so bring whatever quenches your thirst.  I'd recommend a good beer, but to each their own.
So basically, you find this place in a warehouse, amid other warehouses on State's Road in no man's land, just two blocks north off of the Cottman exit of I-95.  It used to be a food truck or something, but it got so popular b/c the food was so freaking good that it expanded into the building it's in at present.  You park in their lot, and you head inside.  Pick something you want off their giant-sized menu and place your order at the window.  Then you can scope out a table or grab a chair by the food window and wait patiently until your order is called.  Then dig in!  This place is huge, so bring 30 of your closest friends, and they'll all fit!  It gets a little noisy, but I didn't mind that my first time there because it drowned out the sound of my date's usual dizzying verbal assault.  And when I bit into my juicy spare ribs that fell off the bone - perfection!  I was in bbq heaven, where I wouldn't have noticed how unpleasant my dining companion was no matter who I was eating with.  And ever since, I go with friends, family, and my current boyfriend, which makes it even better because I get to enjoy amazing, fantastic, finger-licking-good bbq with the people I love.  What could be better than that?
Oh, and each item is under $10 unless you want to make a pig of yourself and order the huge party meals.
P.S. - They used to be closed on Mondays, but now they are open, with an all-you-can eat bbq for $17.95 from 5:00-8:30 p.m. or so.  Check out their menu - the all-you-can-eat is a fantastic deal if you can eat a small country and still have room for dessert...Sweet Lucy's is the only place I go for BBQ. They have amazing food that is super fresh and fast service. This place can get a little bumpin' on a weekend and they only offer my favorite food (hickory smoked salmon) on Friday nights so I have to do some time maneuvering to make sure I can get what I want and avoid the crowd. 
Also, a friend of mine used them to cater her daughter's birthday and absolutely loved it. They were easy to deal with, on time, and the food was a huge hit.If you like ribs, this is definatly the place to visit. Perfectly cooked, delicious sauce & great sides.  Service was friendly & food came out quickly. Definatly going to visit again soon.Four stars for the food, zero stars for the service. We placed a call in order and were told it would be twenty minutes. We showed up a few minutes later than that to give them a buffer, and still the food wasn't ready. Not only that, we had to wait an extra 20 minutes in the store while our call ahead takeout order was prepared. WHAT WAS THE POINT OF CALLING?!When you throw a party with Sweet Lucy's, you can be sure it'll be a hit. 
Haven't ever even stepped foot the restaurant itself, but they've STILL earned my praise for best barbecue in the city. Enjoyed their phenomenally juicy fare at a few parties last summer and was instantly hooked. My boyfriend and I later ordered $100 worth of food for our own shindig, which netted several pounds each of pulled meats, sides of mac & cheese, corn bread, baked beans and slow-roasted dreams on a plate.
It remains the restaurant of choice for our circle of friends, all of us apartment dwellers cursed with the absence of a grill, during prime summer cookout season. Do yourself a favor and order up some pork, wings and the must-have mac & cheese. Your belly will thank you.I go here about once a month and I have never been disappointed. Ever. I personally do not eat any pork and they make sure to list what sides contain pork (which is awesome!)
Their rotisserie chicken, pulled chicken, smoked salmon, corn bread, cole slaw, Mac and cheese and mashed sweet potatoes are my personal faves but seriously anything I've ever had here was amazing. I do wish that they offered a vegetarian baked bean option bc well I love baked beans but no biggy.
Anyways, it's affordable, casual, and delish! If you haven't been, give it a try! I guarantee you will come back again and again.Very, very tasty BBQ. Great catering for office events, parties -etc. Everything we needed for our office holiday party was in the box. The servings were huge and we ate on them for days. Everyone was happy and it was SO easy.Worst service I have ever experienced & I've been in the food industry for over 10 years. I waited 20 minutes for a brisket sandwich. The brisket was in a heated chaffing dish so it isn't like they had to make it. I watched plenty of workers standing around and that aggrevated me to no end. I was so disgusted after a 20 minute wait that I asked for my money back. God only knows how much longer I would've waited for precooked food. I'll never step foot in this shitty establishment again. Thanks for a terrible experience!!!BBQ at its best. 
Lots of meats on the menu but, not a lot of veggies but, I liked my chicken .
This place is very clean and, has plenty of seating but, can get very busy.
Good food you have to try it.My co-workers introduced me to Sweet Lucy's and its decent.  I grew up visiting my Aunt in Birmingham, AL so I may have slightly higher standard than most when it comes to BBQ.  This was no Birmingham but its Philly so that's to be expected, it was solid.  I've gotten the chicken sandwich a few times and it tends to be a little dry but I ventured out to the Turkey on my last visit and that was awesome although a little light on the sauces.  Mashed sweet potatoes is probably there best side on the menu.(3.5) ~ good overall food & service & they have a Bar:)
MY MENU:
** Cornbread = (4) very good & moist
** Carmelitta Bar(dessert) = (4) very good
* Sweet Iced Tea = (3.5) good
* St. Louis Style Ribs = (3.5) good
* Mac-n-Cheese = (3.5) good
* Smashed Sweet Potatoes = (3.5) good
* Cheddar & Corn Grits = (3.25) pretty goodBest BBQ joint around.  Brisket is amazing, love all the sides, and now they have a bar.  Can't beat it.