Waahhhh...I so miss their buffalo shrimp! I've only ever been ever find shrimp done like that at one other restaurant in Philly and that place closed down too :-( 
They also had my Abbey Dubbel beer that I love. Great local food and beer gone...just like that :-/ 
Swift was such a cool spot to chill with friends and play darts too. Why Lord...why'd you have to take my Swift Half away?!?!I'm with brooke on this one, Its a fine place to grab a bite...but it is not a destination.  As in you'll never hear someone say...You have to go to swift half to get "XYZ" but you'll also not hear anyone say..."don't go".  The place is cool, has a good selection of beers and on a nice day gets you a great view of the screen while grabbing a drink.
I like the peach BBQ chicken, it is very tasty!  Thats what I usually get when I am there or the steak sandwich with pickled red onion which is also a good tasty meal as well.There's nothing wrong with Swift Half, but (with the exception of excellent service) there's nothing special about it.  It manages to be generic, possibly by trying too hard to be different (weirdo menus printed on some sort of brown paper bag paper, I'm looking at you here).  In that way, it's kind of like that Goth kid that wore so much black eyeliner that even the other goths didn't really want to hang out with him.  
The food is tasty, but despite having been here several times, I can't really recall what I had.  Probably something in the burger family?  The beer was wet.  The outside seating is pretty cool since you can watch Phillies games on the big TV while (legally) drinking.  If you don't like baseball (what are you, a communist?), then that bit of charm is lost.
On the plus side, the service was really top notch.  The bartenders were friendly, the waitresses were on the ball.  Waters were refilled as soon as they were empty, ditto for beers, and the food comes out quickly.We visited Swift Half for the first time last night (a Sunday). The place was hopping, at least partially due to the Flyers game being shown on the big screen as well as on the TV's inside. We both went for the Vegetarian Shepherd's Pie. It took ages to come out & was a bit smaller than I was expecting, with most of the plate covered by a heap of spring mix, already coated in (balsamic?) dressing. The shepherd's pie was delicious - a mix of lentils & chunky vegetables, with mushrooms adding a certain (dare I say it?) meatiness. It was served in a small ramekin & topped with a thin layer of mashed potatoes.
We'd been looking forward to trying their fudge selection for dessert but were informed that they no longer serve it (despite it still appearing on the menu). I opted for the chocolate bread pudding & hubby for the chocolate pots de creme. They were both very tasty but OMG, they took for-frickin-EVER to show up! SHEESH! Then, to top it off, the very personable waitress (hey, what happened to the mohawk dude who was waiting on us??) mentioned to hubby that something was missing from his dessert & marched off to the kitchen - never to be seen again!! I mean seriously - I was facing the kitchen door that she went through to get the mystery item & when we left about half an hour later she'd never come back through it! Hopefully there wasn't a kidnapping but I guess we'll never know what was was missing from the pots de creme. All very mysterious...Hung out at Swift Half Saturday night to watch the Fiesta concert. Outside seating, but you must be ordering food to sit. The ledge around the seating was great though. You can bring your beer out and lean! Except if you're like me and knock your glass off & it shatters everywhere. 
Beer and cocktail menu is extensive. Prices are not bad and the service was friendly & fun. I wish they had actual seats outside, but that's it.I love Swift Half.
It's totally possible that I am slightly biased because I have a good friend who works here and has forced food and drinks on me, but even so...
Considering that I have been here almost as often as I go into my own closet, I have tried several different items on the menu (mostly but not limited to the items which include duck as an ingredient).  
My favorite items so far are the scallops, the beet and goat cheese sandwich, and the short rib sliders.  And as for booze - good lord! try the Autumn Punch.  I'm pretty sure this drink was made especially for me.  (Yet to try, but will undoubtedly try very soon:  bread pudding.)
Ok, so this place is great.  Go there. Drink some beer.  Watch a game or two.  EAT.  And then, drink some more.  I doubt you will be disappointed.Not even remotely impressed with this place. The food is mediocre and portions are....eh. My friend and I came to grab dinner b4 going out and had the lamb lollichops as an app. They were fresh and delicious but we paid $14 for 4 pathetic lil lollichops and we sat there starving and unsatisfied for another 20 minutes til the rest of our food came out. My mediterranean salad was fantasitc, big, fresh and tasty. But my friends short rib sliders were an absolute joke! $9 for 2 sliders? Poor guy left hungrier then when we got there! 
I would probably not come here again..."Swift Half": a half pint of beer drank quickly before leaving the pub. 
I swung by Swift Half during a perfectly hot afternoon, needing just a quick beer and little bar time to cool off. It only took one pint, or two swift halves, to be hooked on this new bar in Northern Liberties from the owners of Good Dog Bar. I sat at the bar for no more than 10 minutes with a Stone IPA jam packed with citrus flavor and a hoppy bite. 
Taking in the plethora of outside seating and comfy strait backed booths from the bar I realized although my single beer was perfect for the occasion, I would have to be back for 16 more swifts halves and maybe some sustenance. Cheers.Nestled in the courtyard of Northern Liberties' Piazza is a new pub offering from the people who brought you Good Dog in Center City. 
Enjoy some high quality pub food and a cold draft as a baseball game is played on the courtyard's jumbotron screen. The pub is comfortable and electric after being open only a week. I had a perfectly-cooked burger and my bud liked the fish & chips. I'm thinking this is going to be a regular rendezvous!Another one of our restaurant.com specials! $25 gift certificate for $4 put to good use!
The food is good and the beer selection is admirable- and what a super location. Todd refers to it as the Peter Pan section of Philadelphia with a GIANT screen TV and a stage in the court yard.
We stopped by for a later dinner on a Friday night. We were seated quickly and just a little reminder: I'm knocked up so we didn't partake in the beer selection- thank's for bot giving us the stink eye, nice waiter guy.
We got the cheese platter- three of four cheese were good (but I think that was just a preference thing, not a bad cheese thing) and I had the pork slider app for my entree- a little dry but good flavor.
The most interesting part of the meal, and for me the highlight, was the fudge platter we ordered. The menu boasts BACON fudge- and for me, it was clearly the best fudge on the plate. Yep. Chocolate and bacon. Mommy likes. 
Another highlight- the amount of fries they guy to Todd on his sammy- I stole a TON and there were plenty of those fresh cut bad boys to go around.been to swift half 3 times now...and, well, it's grown on me.
my first time in was just for beers, shortly after it had opened. forget what i had to drink, but the beer list is solid and ever-changing, so i can assure you it was good, tho not necc still on tap. i hung around the rather crowded bar assessing the space - sparse decor, tin ceiling tiles over here, some other ceiling treatment over there - and left generally unimpressed.
came back a few months later for an afternoon bite...and some more beer, of course! sat at the bar and rather enjoyed the beet & goat cheese sandwich, tho i was a bit disappointed that the fries were all idaho - no mixed in sweets like sister restie good dog. ah well, still tasty. and damn, that sammie was good! still wasn't all too jazzed with the overall vibe of the space - it just felt cold and uninviting - and the bartender, tho on top of drink refills, wasn't especially personable, and it wasn't especially crowded.
well, third time's a charm, right? right! last nite i returned for dinner with swift half newbie michelle C, and i can now say "yay! i'm a fan." arriving before [notoriously late] me, michelle decided to order us a plate of deep fried pickles to start. good call, girl! healthy? no. delicious? yes! especially when dipped into the tangy sweet & sour dipping sauce. as fans of all things cheese, we then shared a plate of 4 selections, along with the generously portioned accompaniments. not bad for $16!
while i was intrigued by the vegetarian shepherd's pie, it lost out to the beet & goat cheese sandwich for my main course. what can i say? i really like cheese...and beets (shut it, michael W!), and it was just as delicious as i remembered...tho i could only make it through half before finding myself too full to take another bite. anyone who has dined out with me knows that i tend to leave with a doggie bag 9 times out of 10, and last nite at swift half was not the exception. 
get this: not only did the leftover half i enjoyed for lunch today hold up well, but it was packed in a bio-degradable cardboard container - not styrofoam! score one for swift half.A conversation that happened.
Inebriated Patron - So what part of Australia are you from?
Bartender - Oh... A small part called England.
Inebriated Patron - Oh.
Time passes.
Bartender - My name is Bob.  That's British for Bob.
The staff here rocks.I'll admit that when I heard Swift Half was brought to you by the makers of Good Dog my expectations shot through the roof. I love Good Dog! I went there all the time in college! Their fries are a-m-a-z-i-n-g! Swift Half is gonna totally rule!!
Yeah. Once I brought my expectations down to a reasonable level, I could see Swift Half for what it is. What is it? It is Not Good Dog. I mean that in a good way. Swift Half is not the NoLibs sequel to Good Dog, it's a restaurant that has it's own personality and doesn't want to be bossed around by its big sister.
Their menu is small, but growing with new additions every few weeks. The prices are pretty regular for the neighborhood: sandwiches and burgers between $8 and $11, entrees upwards of that and maxing out around $25. The food is good, I like their burger and the fish and chips, and the "fairy cakes" as well.
My friends love their beer selection, but I'm not the biggest fan. A lot of what's been on tap is of the pale and flowery or fruity variety and I like my beer on the browner side. I know they've got my back though because they change out beers every couple of weeks and they seem really focused on what's seasonal, with everything coming in around $5.
What I really appreciate is their staff. They're not the most friendly people in the world, but they're nice and they look you in the eye and they're always right there to get you another beer or ask you how your meal is. Basically, they don't want to be your best friend, but they do want to make sure you've got a full glass of water. I like that.
Swift Half is clearly a work in progress, but I don't mean that in a bad way. They're open to suggestions and seem to always be building towards a really great restaurant. I can't wait to see the place in a year or two. It'll probably be magical.Colt C. Either you are on Bart's junk for PR or you are just a very positive person. Swift Half is cool and all, but you can not get a glass of wine for less then ten bucks? Are we serious? Not even a seven dollar house wine? I had a burger and a very well made Stoli O and club (stiff). The beer selection is great, but I wasn't looking for beer the Saturday I went with friends. My medium burger was burnt and I found the sixteen dollar fish and chips a tad high. This is Northern Liberties people, not Tribeca, NYC. I am enthusiastic about the progression, and I am happy for any new businesses that have a wait for seating on the weekends, but I will not be back unless Swift Half offers a wine for less then ten. I love Good Dog.Episode [9F21] Homer's Barbershop Quartet (from snpp.com)
Skinner: Er, um, we need a name that's witty at first, but that seems less funny each time you hear it.
Apu: How about, "The B-Sharps?" [Everyone laughs loud at first, then less, then the laughter tapers off]
Skinner: Perfect!
Swift Half, to me, exemplifies that particular segment from the Simpsons.  When the Piazza opened and I saw the allure of outdoor seating at Swift Half, I was floored.  At the time the menu was limited but promising.  Needless to say, I was quite excited with the experience.  However, with each visit, I've become less and less enamored with the place until I've reached my current position of actually being disappointed.
The menu appears to be nearing completion, and it's not that much different from when it first opened in terms of new items.  They ran a special on cockles on one of my earlier visits, but when I ordered it, they ran out and told me it should be featured on the menu later... which it still is not.  The limited options would be fine if the food is astounding, but it's not.  Several of the items on the menu are mediocre at best and pricey, including the fish-and-chips (mediocre AND $16??) and the buffalo shrimp (cold and small).  The beer list is also not very interesting most of the time and does not rotate as quick for a place that gets crowded quite often.
The only redeeming quality is that giant TV screen and when Philly sports games are on, but you will need to score an outdoor seat to enjoy it.  Now that this bar is getting more and more popular, the game might finish before you can obtain a seat.  I had fun, but at this point I don't think I will revisit.The place for me to go when I am craving fish and chips and a good selection of beer.  The staff is quick and entertaining and Sun-Weds are industry nights.  I am excited for their menu to keep expanding because everything they put out is quite impressive.  Unfortunately on Sundays the crowd from the Piazza may make this place seem overwhelming, but if you don't mind the combustion, its a scene, man.I was at the Piazza yesterday for the magazine's release party and saw a few of my friends at Swift Half. I went over, beer in hand and sat down with them. I realize that I am technically not allowed to walk around with a tall boy can in plain sight, but it was a party and no one seemed to mind. Except when I came over to say hello to a group sitting outside and put my can on the table. A waitress quickly walked by and picked it up with a blunt 'you can't have that here" and walked inside with it.
I know I was breaking the rules but come on, you could have just asked me to leave. 
i have had good experiences here, but that just made me a little sad.Swift Half is more like Good Dog's red-headed stepchild.
After mad attempts to make myself love this place, even without the comparisons to Good Dog (a few of its staff pull double duty both here and there, so it's hard to remove yourself from doing so) - I still find the place to be sterile and devoid of a personality.
You'd think with the huge space, and a bigger bar that management would try to accommodate more clientele (*perhaps more tables?) and be a little eager to please - on more than one occasion the manager (host?) has seemed impatient, aloof and utterly insouciant.
Service, on the other hand (and most often), was attentive and helpful.
Menu is a little more ambitious now - with a lot more items, but its portions still deceptively small and the food, again, for the most part, was nothing to write home about.  I was waiting (and hoping, really!) for this place to hit its stride, but at this point, I don't think that time will ever come.  There are way too many great bars in my 'hood to waste my time or my dollars on a place like Swift Half.i am impressed with the service and the beer. the food menu needs more to it. i appreciate always getting seated even with crowds. it seems appropriately sized so that the wait isnt too long.oh boy. oooooooooh boy. any server that spills steaming hot mussel juice on your jimmy rollins jersey and your iphone and barely peeps out an apology is expected to get a bad review. nay-schnay on you, my dear food server. my waitress, and amy, the manager, thanks for polite and accommodating service afterwords. 
their beer menu is something i haven't really seen put together yet in philly so far. maybe i haven't been to enough gastropubs.  the dream weaver wheat was an excellent choice. i wanted to try to thomas jefferson brew to sip, but i didn't get the chance....i was too busy boo whooing over my soggy iphone. my mussels were meh. the stock was bland..which i didn't understand because it was filled with great looking flavorful parts and steamed in the thomas jefferson. the mussels were too chewey, some sandy. 
the structire was actually cozy inside and the bar area was nicely separated but still open to the booths and tables.
1 star for their meh mussels. one star for their not so swift half of a server. i'll probably go back for the rest of their beer menu.I had a bit of confidence restored in Swift Half as we enjoyed a decent meal in the mostly empty restaurant just before the Phillies-Dodgers Game 4. 
Let me briefly rewind back to my first and only three prior visits this summer to clarify why my confidence was missing in the first place. Awkward and vanishing servers, a couple of disappointing sandwiches from a small menu, and french fries that could only make Andy Capp happy.
Fast forward to mid October... We had a very pleasant and accommodating waitress who never left us too long and even paid attention enough to ask if I didn't want orange slices garnishing my Troegs' Dreamweavers since I removed the first one. I had the fish and chips and was satisfied. My cut wasn't too thick or batter too dark (like Thor T. described), but I did notice major inconsistencies in presentation and batter between plates as my friend ordered the same. Most of all, though, I enjoyed the new fries they're serving. Much bigger, and fried to have a nice crisp on the outside rather than crunch all the way through. Beer selection is still good, as it was in the summer. In addition, their menu has undergone a notable expansion.
Glad to have something nice to say about Swift Half, I've kind of been rooting for them to turn it around. Hope they keep it up.They had me at the Bell's Oberon.  
The bacon cheddar burger I ordered was cooked perfectly, thick and juicy with a great smokey taste.  It came with a giant helping of fries, the taste of which reminded me of french fries I used to get at the fair as a child.  I only wish that they were longer - the small size required that a fork be used to dip them in ketchup.  
The inside is spacious with plenty of seating.  On nice days they also offer outdoor seating with perfect views of the giant television in the Piazza.  Besides the Bell's, they have a good selection of beers (draft, bottle, and can).  They also have an interesting list of specialty drinks, some of which sound perfect for a hot sunny day sitting outside watching a Phillies game on the big screen.We went there for a holiday party.  The chef, Jessica was fantastic and accomdated our group of 20.  I highly suggest finishing your meal with a the fudge board.  You wouldn't think that chocolate and bacon would go together... but you are wrong.   It is delightful.Recently my friend and I walked here for a beer and a bite. It was a pleasant night and not a far walk. We sat inside on a lively Saturday night. Nice touch with the brown bag menu and beer blackboard. I had the buffalo shrimp and my friend who wanted the wings but no wings were to be had, enjoyed a chicken sandwich. Reasonable prices and friendly staff.Did Urban Outfitters just throw up in here? Good Lord, I thought I was in a commercial yesterday as I drank my $5 Fleur de Lehigh draft on Swift Half's cooler-than-thou outside space.
I had high hopes for Good Dog's new transplant, as I was (and still am) fiercely loyal to the original.  I wasn't overly impressed.  First, the interior was one big, generic suburban yawn.  There was no sizzle, no personality and with all the cool galleries and shops nearby, I thought this place could have turned up the decor a slight edgier notch.  
Second, the atmosphere here was definitely more club-ish than laid-back bar.  With four security personnel (in not to be missed fluorescent yellow t-shirts) in two's, flanking both the entrance of the patio and the interior of the bar, you'd think there were some big diplomats imbibing inside.  I wasn't crazy about the DJ spinning club-ish tunes outside either, although mercifully, a live band later graced the stage and provided a better ambiance.  The level of sound too, is on par with a club.  Because of Swift Half's proximity to the stage and speakers, it was a bit too loud - the whole time, our server had hard time hearing us and we hearing her...
Further, though the food was decent, I found that the portions were itty bitty - (cheese plate: miniscule, ditto with the cone of fries) and overall, I found the menu selections (both small plates and entrées) entirely uninspired (cucumber sandwiches? fish and chips? really? That's the best they could do?) And on a side note:  was it just me or are their pint glasses smaller than your average bar pint glass?  
I love my neighborhood and I believe NL prides itself on businesses (restaurants and bars alike) that are a little different, unique and that boast individuality and a local patronage following.  Swift Half just didn't measure up in that way for me.
Only the ample outdoor space, prompt and attentive service saves the experience here.A weak attempt at a craft-beer bar, and whether intended or not, much more of seen-and-be-seen place for twenty-somethings than a place seriously devoted to good beer, good food, and good atmosphere.
True, it is very tempting to want to sit outside at The Piazza and Swift Half seems to have garnered the largest area for doing that (well, when compared to the one other actual bar in The Piazza proper) but the outdoor seating fills up quickly and that plus the super-loud goings-on at The Piazza stage make Swift Half's one "plus" seem not worth it pretty quickly.Popped up here with a friend during the gorgeous weather on Saturday, and it was the first time I had been to the Piazza complex. 
We managed to arrive at the tail end of the Villanova basketball game, and things were bustling at Swift Half, but no more bustling than any other sports/pub in the city during a game. Swift Half was chaos. There was no host/hostess, so potential customers were milling around at the entrance unsure of what to do. The bartenders were running around liked crazed chickens behind the bar and occasionally one would pop out and frantically wave around what appeared to be the wait list. We were told there was a two hour wait for an outdoor table but we did managed to snag an indoor table in a moment of confusion between bartender/host and server type-folks. 
When we eventually got a server, she was attentive and pleasant, but the food took for-ev-er to arrive. 
My friend and I split the perogie appetizer, the Mediterranean salad and the pork sliders. The perogies were small and my friend was disappointed with the Guinness brown butter they were served with. The salad was refreshing and enough for two people to split and the sliders were yummy. Decent beer selection as well. 
I'd be up for giving it another go, but in that location and with the sports crowd that their tvs will draw, I hope they get a bit better at managing crowds without the chaos.Not terrible but I wouldn't go back.
I like what Jason F. said about this place. "Banal" and "whatever" are two words that pretty much sum it up.  
We apparently had a similar experience there, as I too visited this establishment while extremely drunk. (And usually when I'm extremely drunk I like things more than I do than when I'm sober, so I definitely will not go there when I'm sober.) But anyway, I had a few more beers there and I thought the beer was very small. I also had food there which was ok verging on good, but not great, and was also small, but in terms of portions, that's what I wanted and expected.  Maybe the better word would be "right-sized" because I don't want to give the impression that you get ripped off by the portions. It's not TGI Fridays after all.
And the staff was nice. But the ambiance is crap. It's as sterile as the rest of the Piazza, unfortunately. And the hard wooden booths are uncomfortable. They make you sit up straighter than a normal drunk human body wants to.  I heard that Swift Half means that it's supposed to be like your little neighborhood pub where you dash in for a quick pint (aka "swift half" which is, I guess, also why the beers are served in half sizes, so you can suck them down swiftly - which I did, thank you very much.) But in terms of swift half meaning neighborhood pub-by, there is nothing swift-halfy about it. Nice try though.The newly opened Swift Half perfectly sums up everything I look for in the bar/restaurant world; great food, beer, service, and atmosphere.  
Their hearty rack of ribs with jicama slaw and plantain chips warranted drool; I welcomed the tasty mole sauce in lieu of the standard BBQ treatment and the superb chips and slaw completed the trifecta (as I don't usually care for slaw or plantains).  I sampled a few bites of my girl's fish n' chips; quality squares of battered fried flakey goodness with dynamite fries.  The fairy cakes, a.k.a. cupcakes, also rocked, especially the yellow fruity cupcake, (whichever fruit or fruits it consisted of).
As a raging beer snob, I scrutinize beverage menus everywhere I go; no surprise that the Good Dog crew put together another winner here.  They poured excellent summer brews like Bells Oberon and PBC's Fleur de Lehigh from the tap and boasted bottles of Duchesse de Bourgogne, one of my all-time favorites.  
Stellar service; our drinks and meal carried us over a shift-change, which is where you can sometimes fall through the cracks, especially when the first server gets the benefit of the tip.  Not so here, we received excellent service from multiple staff members.  
Possibly due to the fact that it opens up into the Piazza, I can't really compare the interior of the Swift Half with any other venue I've visited in Philadelphia.  You walk into an open, airy main area with nice high ceilings, old-school tin over the huge wrap-around bar on the left and a broad section of drop-ceiling over the main dining area.  The entire space radiated clean and casual; and you just can't beat outdoor seating with a prime view of the Piazza stage and big screen.
We don't come out to Northern Liberties very often but we think we'll be there much more this summer.  If I did live in this neighborhood, I'd probably be on a first-name basis with the entire staff by now.So the boyfriend had an architect project up here, which I never ever would've gone if not for him.  It's a very odd area - pretty ghetto everywhere, and then you walk into The Piazza, and it's a very nice area.  Very strange.  Anyway, the scallops here were good.  I just didn't enjoy the cold vinegared oyster mushrooms.. they would've been much better if they were warm.  The drink list was nice too.  I liked it.  The boyfriend had the hamburger here too, but the fries here are just the regular ol' potato ones (in comparison to Good Dog's fries that included sweet potato).  On a cooler fall day, we'll go back on a slow weekend to have lunch with the dogs outdoors.Tired of PYT? Try this place!!! Buffalo shrimp i had was awesome! And for the fall time drimkers tht need a buzz and a warming up try the "Autumn" specialty drink, a delicious mix of hot cider, bourbon and a cinnamon stick!!!did a sunday brunch thing with a friend on a gorgeous day. lets face it, any outside seating on a great day is a score. the server was on top of us. we didnt wait for a thing. the portions were a lil on the small side and a lil pricey. but they had drink specials that made up for it. and a kick ass blueberry pie. a must try!!!! ill check it out for the bar scene another time.I'd walked past the Swift Haft a good 2 dozen times over the past few months peeking in and rejecting with my usual cynicism.
Finally, I made plans with a friend and decided to give the place a shot.
Things I like about the Swift Half:
1. beer selection; it's small but well edited and the bar staff is knowledgeable.
2. the french fries (they are on the thinner side, with the right amount of salt and texture.)
3. the burger; (it's a damn fine burger, and the kitchen knows what rare means.)
4. I love this place on an any evening mid-week;  the restaurant is pretty quiet but not dead. The music is not obnoxiously loud and you can usually find a seat at the bar.
The Swift Half is a great local spot to grab a bite to eat and have a great beer. The bartender also pours a great drink if you're looking for something a little more stiff.I want to give Swift Half 4 stars because I think what they are doing in NoLibs is awesome and I think it deserves more credit but I will save that star for the Piazza.  Swift Half has a great selection of beers and the menu has a little bit of everything.  We had the duck prosciutto and fig salad and some buffalo shimp.  The salad portion was perfect and the figs really made it stand out.  I normally don't really have a taste for normal prosciutto but the duck was really good.  I didn't pick the shrimp and really didn't care for them that much because the flavored was masked with the buffalo sauce and bleu cheese.  Our server was nice, quick and answered questions from my inquisitive dad.  I like Swift Half for a place to go in the Piazza but with all the choices in NoLibs I honestly wouldn't pick this place first.  
On another note, we went on a Saturday night and the outside tables were full. We were told there would be a 20 minute wait.  We got a beer and played some darts while we were waiting for the 3rd person in our party to show up and as soon as he did, the table was ready, and probably in under 20 minutes.It has been about 15-18 years since I have ordered or eaten a burger, or any red meat entree. I just tried my roommate/dining partner in crime's blue cheese bacon burger, and it may have turned me around. I really have to say it - OMG. I had eaten early in the evening, but couldn't resist the goat cheese. It was a really generous portion for $5 served with baguette and not only fresh blueberries but a blueberry compote.  There was hardly anyone else there, which was good because I expected the place to be filled with jerks. The menu was adorable, folded all cute and printed on a kraft paper/paper bag stock. But despite looking cute, aside from the cheese menu I am not too tempted by the rest of the menu. I mean, apart from that burger!!!A great selection of cheese and charcuterie, as well as an inventive selection of vegetarian items.  Ended up at the Swift Half for lunch last week when another joint in the Piazza wasn't open for lunch yet.  I'm glad that was the case.  My companion and I split cucumber tea sandwiches as an appetizer.  They were very light and summery, and fresh.  For my entree I decided on the Vegetable Napoleon which consisted of layers of a mushroom polenta cake, mozzarella cheese, eggplant, and roasted tomatoes, all on a bed of mixed greens drizzled with a delicious aged balsamic.  The overall preparation and presentation was phenomenal.  You could tell every item in the recipe was extremely fresh.  The polenta cake tasted EXACTLY like a vegetarian scrapple, quite surprising and unique.
The atmosphere was very standard pub/neighborhood bar.   The bartender was very conversational and friendly, fun to talk to.  I did not order any beer, but their beer selection ranged from some nice regional and local micro-brews to the cheap, hipster stuff like Pabst, Schmidt's, Schaefer, and Schlitz (how odd).Great beer+ nice outdoor space = an enjoyable spot to relax.
Like many people below, I feel the menu could be beefed up a bit, just a few more selections and items a table could share would be great. But I've gotten the cheese plate several times and it's always tasty, if not a bit pricey, but you get what you pay for and it's all top quality.
Staff is super. Attentive but not in your face. I've never waited for a drink there and they can always anticipate your needs.
In the end, this is a great spot to sit, drink, relax and watch the "happenings" on the piazza.My friends and I sat outside on the Piazza side and enjoyed the weather and the MJ tribute band(s) that were playing. We started by ordering a couple rounds of drinks. The first round or so we got our drinks in a fairly decent time. But as the day progressed it took longer and longer to get our drinks(Thus not fulfilling the promise of the places name, Swift Half. Ironic, no?). At one point I'd ordered some water to get hydrated again and I ended up tacking a beer on to that because our waitress never filled my order/our order. I will say they had a decent selection of beers including Bell's Oberon for $5 and Chimay Triple for $7.
The food was a disappointment here. I got the muffaletta sandwich, which came with fries. The fries were fairly crispy and numerous. The sandwich however was a mess. The prosciutto was good, but the bread was bland and unremarkable. The vegetables within the sandwich were mushy and  tasted like they'd been cut and refrigerated for a couple of days. They also had either marinated the vegetables in something or added something to them that left a strange aftertaste in my mouth after finishing the sandwich. Thankfully I had another beer or three to wash it down. One of the guys I was with had a burger, which looked pretty good, but was pretty mediocre from what he said tastewise. He also wasn't happy with the way they cooked the meat(He asked for medium and got somewhere between medium well and well done). Bad burger from a Good Dog owned restaurant?
While I'd be hesitant to eat there again, it seemed like it would be a decent place to get some drinks. However, they probably needed to add some more staff to the shift, especially on a major holiday night.I too am not sure where all these 5 star ratings are coming from. I was going to rate this a 2 but since I didn't get poor service and the place is new I'm giving them the benefit of the doubt.
The place looks really nice and has a pretty good atmosphere. I was impressed by the bar and grabbed a drink there while waiting for a friend. The bartender was nice and even turned on the Red Bulls game on one of the many flat screen TVs at my request. Unfortunately they wound up loosing, but that had no influence in my rating.
Once my friend got there we were seated and opened up their menu which was grossly over sized compared to the amount of food they offered. There were maybe 4 actual meals, maybe 4 smaller fare dishes, and then a bunch of appetizers I guess. I'm not sure they were appetizers because they were listed as some foreign word that I'm not cultured enough to know. I know the place just opened but such a small offering probably cut half a star.
Past the limited, physically over sized menu, I thought the prices were just too high. While waiting a man next to me at the bar got an order of the fish and chips, which smelled good and I was envious of until he opened the paper wrapping they were served in and found just two smaller pieces of fish over a ginormous bed of fries. I still thought of getting the fish and chips until I opened the menu and found they were $16.
I instead decided to go with the more reasonably priced burger, at $10 to which I added $1.50 for cheese. Maybe it's just me but I feel cheese on a burger should not be extra. Maybe I'm just cheap but the higher prices cut a star off. The burger was ok, nothing spectacular, then again I've been to Good Dog and wouldn't call theirs one of the best in the city.
So that's only 1.5 stars off, where did that other .5 star come from? The fries. They were horrible. They were of a thinner cut, which I prefer, but they were pretty soggy and had an unappetizing cloudy white semitransparent color. I guess they were undercooked, either way, if I were the guy at the bar having a couple bites of fish with a mountain of these fries I would have been pretty disappointed.
Like I said though, the place has a good atmosphere and all of the staff were friendly, so I'll definitely be back to give the place another shot after it's been open for a bit longer.I've been to the Swift Half about four times since it opened, so this is a pretty well thought out review. Although I don't have any pictures from my trips, I do have a good amount of insight. Here it comes:
I expected this new Good Dog outpost to have excellent food. I went recently with Allie, John, and Rachel and they were all ready for dinner. They ordered mussels, fish and chips, and cucumber sandwiches, respectively. I had a few mussels, and they were decent, but this is clearly not the spot you want to hit for mussels. The fish and chips looked delicious when they were served, but further investigation revealed that they were overly breaded and couldn't keep up with Memphis Taproom. Rachel commented that her small appetizer was good, but also that she could have made something better at home. Needless to say, the food is not a selling point.
To be honest, I'm also disappointed with the beer list. In fairness, Swift Half has some good beers on tap. But when a week passes in between visits and not a single tap changes, I'm not inclined to return anytime soon. The beer list is not totally uninspired, with Southampton, Flying Fish, Stoudt's, Brooklyn, even Chimay represented on tap. The bottle list is extensive and well priced. One nice part of the menu is the inclusion of small plates of meat and cheese that could be matched to beer, if you're so inclined.
Currently, they have the Six Points Sweet Action on tap, which I raved about ever since the first time I had it at Sidecar. It's not as amazing as my memory made it, but I was glad to see this hard to find beer on tap. It's still excellent, and a nice find for a rare style: American Blonde Ale.
Service here is meh. It's not bad, I think it's pretty hit or miss depending on who's working. My favorite thing about this spot, and the reason that I keep coming back, is the outdoor seating. The piazza is a really cool area, and it's great when the Phillies are on the big screen. Inside
Swift Half is a normal bar, and I wouldn't eat or drink inside. Outdoor seating is closed at 11:30 on weeknight, which can be annoying if you want to just hang out, or are shoo-ed inside as you're finishing your last pint.
Bottom Line: This is just another spot on my list of places that are most remarkable for outdoor seating. As the list grows, Swift Half loses favor in my book. The food is okay, but I wouldn't want to come here for a meal. Really, this spot is only a go to for me if they continue to have beers that aren't available elsewhere in the city. I was trying to decide between 2 and 3 stars, but this place just doesn't make the cut in the end.Came here on the suggestion of some NoLib living friends to catch an Eagles game. I somehow landed a super sweet parking spot, so that started off the Swift Half experience with +5 points. I know the bar had nothing to do with the spot, but it worked in its favor.
My boyfriend and I met our friends at the very first table you see when you walk in. It was oddly situated all by itself in what I'll call the vestibule, right across from the bathrooms and not near any other table. There was a flat screen with the game on, though, in its corner, so that was awesome.
I went up to the bar to procure some on tap beverages and, as I was doing so, we were seated at a table outside in the PIazza's courtyard which had a monster screen showing the game attached to one of the buildings at the end of the courtyard. Tons of people out rooting the Iggles on which made for a great atmosphere.
The tap list had some nice offerings -- Southampton, Troeg's, Yards, Bells, Stone -- and I'm pretty certain I stuck with the Yards ESA all night because it was a special. I wasn't too impressed with the food menu, though. Too hoity-toity. As my boyfriend said with annoyance, "What pub doesn't have nachos!" That's all we'd really wanted, but the fries were delicious and we got the sliders, which our waiter stuck a 4th on there since we had 4 in our party, instead of the usual 3 that the dish comes with.
The service was good -- both waiters we encountered were very friendly and, once she looked my way, the bartender was sweet upon my first trip to the bar before we were seated.
What I liked most about Swift Half is its location within the Piazza courtyard. There was so much going on and so many different people in and out, it just had a lovely and vibrant feel. You can also bring your dog! Sorry to the pup whose tail I stepped on -- I was a few beers in and I only saw that other dog's tail that I tried to avoid.
Definitely a place I'd go back to. Just not when I'm looking for a meal.Finally, I got my ass to Swift Half.  Ive been wanting to try this place for a while but the elusive outdoor seats have been eternally occupied.   The annoyingly persistent Piazza buzz has made me wait for a quiet weeknight to even consider this place.   Last night my friend was too hungry to wait for a table, because apparently the 3 empty tables would take at least 20 minutes to be ready for anyone (WTF!?).  I swear these guys need to sober up and hustle a little.  So, we grabbed a booth and settled in for food and beer.
The atmosphere was OK.  It was kinda nice not being in a room full of hipsters.  Yeah this crowd wasn't trendy or even good looking at all, and I fit right in. OK, honestly, I like hanging out with ugly people because I look better than average for a change! 
 Our server was bright and cheery so that was good.  We ordered our beers and looked over the paper menus.  My friend chose the fish'n chips .He got two big hunks of deep fried fish on top of a huge pile of what I'd call perfect fries.  He said the fish was good, it was light and flakey... but the breading was mega thick and greasy.  Apparently it was a cagematch of flakey fish vs. deep fried and the fish lost.  
I figured I'd stick to their Traditional Burger which I added goat cheese to and that too was escorted out with a handsome pile of perfectly tasty, crispy fries.  This burger was good;  It was juicy.   A word to the wise: the cheese was worth the $1.50 extra cheese fee.    
In the end, it was decent.  We weren't swooning over the place to plot our soonest return though.  I think I'll probably only return if it's convenient or if I get lucky enough to nab a table outside, otherwise it was just OK like a lot of places.  Well, that's a start.
PS: while we liked our server, if she'd come by a little more often when our glasses were empty, we would've had more beers.  We tipped her well since she saved us a few bucks as a result and we were not as tempted then to finish that lifetime supply of fries.  I'll probably live a bit longer, now that I think of it.  Damn, I shouldve hugged her.Okay, maybe I should not review this - as I did not make it to ordering. But, I did go there on Sunday during the Piazza's 'Nap Time to Bedtime DJ' thing and aging hipsters were plastered all over this place with younger sib toolbags all in between them. I love the NoLibs area development as much as the next hip Philly person, but really? The menu is underwhelming, the service is overtaxed with serious Sunday drinkers, and no, the beer list is not as good as Good Dog's. Especially not for the price. I left and walked across to Darling's Cafe, where service, price, quality, decor and pace are as good as it gets.I arrived at 6:53 on a Friday night, just in time to snag an outdoor table with a view of the Piazza stage (where a free 9pm show was taking place) and to get in my happy hour order (only a $1 savings per drink).  By 7:15, all the outdoor tables were taken.
On my waiter's recommendation for the best sandwich, I got the Reuben - and it was delicious!  The bread was crispy, but not hard; there was plenty of corned beef, but it wasn't heaped on in over-kill as it so often is; and the beer-infused dressing had a great flavor.  The fries were a little thin - more crunch than potato.
Downright disappointing was the chocolate pot-de-creme.  The chocolate was too bitter and smoked sea salt was sprinkled throughout the dessert so there was no way to avoid the huge chunks of salt - Hershey's syrup and ocean water would probably have been better a better combination.I met an old university buddy there for lunch yesterday.  The Piazza is DEAD DEAD DEAD in the winter time.  There was NO business being done anywhere at high noon. A huge free parking lot makes it an attractive place to meet someone coming in from Jersey, though, and I being a suburbanite these days am used to free parking.
The menu is divided into "light bites" sandwiches and "big bites".  Sandwiches come with fries.
We both ordered the special chicken mushroom soup which was a nice pureed soup, but arrived lukewarm and there was no visible chicken (save for the broth.)
I am a sucker for short ribs, so I ordered the "Sliders" from the "light bites."
My buddy ordered the special whole Bronzino of which the waitress informed us there was only one.
The sliders were OK, but they were no kidding about "light."  Three silver-dollar sized egg buns with a teaspoon or so of tasty braised short rub meat topped with a small dollop of weak horseradish sauce, was not much of a belly-filler.  An order of fries would not have hurt for the $9.00 (which was the average price of a sandwich that includes them.
The $26.00 Bronzino was very well-prepared, fresh and flaky white flesh, and well-seasoned.  It came with 4-5 baby carrots.
No bread, or anything was offered.  Service was quick and attentive (but since we were the only two customers, one might expect that, no ?)
With 7 half pints of a ridiculously strong (and rare) seasonal brew called "Mad Elf" from Troegs, the bill came to $90.00.  Granted the 7 half pints added mightily to the tab (and cushioned the blow)  Swift Half does not offer "cheap eats" by any stretch.Good food, good beer, good environment. GREAT in the summer when music is being performed or something is on the big screen in the Piazza.Nice beer selection, nice view of the Piazza screen when outdoor seating is available, friendly staff who will make good suggestions, food that offers a nice variety depending on your comfort range/preference, etc.
Fries are very good, brunch is pretty good, chartuertie is pretty good, overall a nice destination place. A couple TVs, but not overwhelming as a sports bar. Nice standing bar for whenever (not when I have been there) it gets really crowded as an option.So why only one star?  Because it is a MASSIVE rip-off. $5 for a 10 oz (that is half an imperial pint) of Philadelphia Brewing Company's Pale Ale.  This is a $4 per 16-20 ounces at other places.  Their food prices also carry a hefty tariff and is alright, but not great.   If you are impressed with the beer menu, then you have no idea of the truly great beer places Philly has to offer.  I wouldn't mind paying more if the atmosphere was worth it, but the atmosphere is absent.  I also would not recommend thinking of throwing darts here.  They placed the dart board in front of the door, so on a busy night, you can't get a proper throw in.  Bad design, bad prices, no ambience...go some place real like Standard Tap, Eulogy, or Bard's.3.5 stars
I went here for dinner and drinks on the recommendation of my cousin. 
To me, the place seemed a bit Americana mixed with upscale neighborhood beer bar if that makes sense. We first get greeted my security checking for ID. The place wasn't too packed, so we sat ourselves. 
For our drinks, we ordered the Yards and Honeymoon. Both were pretty tasty considering i'm not a big local/domestic beer guy. The wait staff is no frills--it seems they wear anything they want and just do their job. He was fairly attentive and provided info on some beers.
Food: My cousin ordered the Traditional Burger, medium rare. I ordered the Roasted Chicken. The food took fairly long to come out, probably a little over 20 minutes? or is that an acceptable time? The burger came out well done, a negative considering my cousin lost his appetite from that. My chicken came out in a mediocre portion, mainly the spinach in comparison to how much chicken there was (1/2 chicken). The chicken was very good, albeit a bit salty--and i like salty things. The lentils were cooked with bacon and that added another layer of saltiness. The spinach was good, but i wish there was a bit more since i had to measure each bite of chicken in order to achieve a perfect ratio of chicken:veggies to the very last bite. I tried some of my cousin's fries, and they were really good! I will say, my meal didn't fill me up so much, even with 2 beers. Overall, it was an enjoyable experience. It was a bit pricey for dinner for 2; came to $60 with tip.Ladies. Can I have a word with you? Gather over here please, thanks, huddle in.  GO TO SWIFT HALF.  There is an Australian bartender who looks just like John Stamos at 27.  Get to Swift Half, buy a beer, and enjoy the view.  
Otherwise, this place seems fine. Definitely the better of the bars at the Piazza (also went to PYT... woah early 90s music). If I lived in philly i'd def hit this up a lot, not just for the Australian Uncle Jesse, the scene seems pretty alright too.I heard that they had a really decent beer menu, so I took a date there for food and a drink. The beer selection was vast. They had a lot of brews I didn't even know existed. I tried a few, then stopped after I realized almost all brews were about $5 a glass. Not a complaint really, it's a fair price for the craft brews they had.
The food? No thanks. I honestly did not like it. I ordered a Vegetarian Shepard Pie and she ordered the B.E.L.T sandwich.....BLT with Egg. The wait time to receive the food was pretty quick considering it takes a while to cook the pie. The Shepherds Pie kinda tasted like veggies in a chili sauce. It wasn't really spectacular. The B.E.L.T sandwich had a funky mayo on it, that made it taste funny. Sadly, we couldn't finish the dinner. We just didn't like the taste of the food. We were going to order something else, but the menu isn't really that big.
The staff were alert and very very friendly. The prices we're a tad high, but not terribly unreasonable. 
This is a great place to try a new brew, but eat before you get there.After pounding down three Hopfish IPAs in an hour and a half (as well as a spinach salad [delicious]) at Standard Tap, I mozied over to Swift Half to meet up with folks for a 40th birthday party. 
Most people were sitting outside or gathered at the bar. We had about 10 to 12 of us sitting inside, and we were easily able to add on by stealing tables. 
I drank 5 or 6 Thomas Jefferson Ales, and had their wings. The wings were good. Sweet and spicy. And the spiciness lingered on for a while, which eventually subsided after a few beers. 
In my ever increasing drunkenness and ever decreasing awareness, I was able to realize that there was more than the giant screen TV outside, there were actually TVs inside! 
Overall, it was a good experience. The vast-array of characters wandering through the place was typical for No Libs. The food was good, the server was making enough check ups to keep the beer glasses filled, and I awoke Sunday morning realizing that as much fun as one place may be, drinking 9 beers in the span of 4 1/2 hours is not always the brightest idea in hindsight.I will arrange my whole weekend around getting here, just to get a fix of the bacon-peanut brittle.
Seriously, this is the best $3 bar snack in town.  Old-fashioned peanut brittle, but with the addition of smoky bits of bacon, and dried red chili peppers... a sweet-salty-savory-smoky treat that leaves a perfect burn in your mouth to be be chased by a great drink selection.
The staff behind the bar are top notch too.  I've been in by myself during slow times, and with friends during events at the Piazza-- I've always had equally good service.
Love the deviled eggs too!Great beer and ambiance!  I took my girlfriend here to grab a beer and we ended up staying for dinner and I was pleasantly surprised.  They play very good music too!Great service, mediocre atmosphere and disappointing food. I'm not sure I will return to Swift Half anytime soon. Not because my experience was so poor but because there really wasn't much that was unique or significant about Swift Half to warrant a second trip. The beer list for beer week was disappointing and the food was mediocre in that chain restaurant sort of way (ie. Applebee's). The best part was the service we received from both the host and our waiter. I'm tempted to give it another shot just for that. I think maybe the key is to come on a warm day and sit in the piazza square to people watch and then the food and beer matter less?I only stopped in here for a beer before going to the Barbary, but the hour or so I was there was pleasant.  The bartenders were really friendly, and accommodating.  I asked them if they could put the Sixers on the TV that was in front of me and they did it without hesitation.  
The cool thing about this bar is that they have $5 16 oz. drafts or $3 8 oz drafts.  I like this option because if you aren't looking to get too plastered you can drink small beers and sample a lot of different drafts.  I don't make it up to No. Libs. too often, but I'm going to start drinking there when I'm in the area.  I need to try the food too.  I'm sure it's good.I can't believe that some people are criticizing the swift half's outdoor space. it is in the piazza, love it or hate it, but they did little to make it 'cooler than thou' or whathaveyou. personally, the outdoor space is this place's main draw, but i think it can improve it's other aspects to earn a fourth star. the interior is very bland and definitely more suited to old city folk than northern liberties, but nothing that can't be fixed. as for the food, well.....
the cheeses and meats are great, a very nice choice and beautifully served. their entrees are hit or miss. bf had a grilled cheese and tomato (or was it ham? i don't remmeber) that was on focaccia and quite tasty, though i wasn't to keen on the fries. they were fairly tasty, but look like small chopped green beans, the size/cut did nothing for me. my mussels were fairly tasty as well, BUT the accompanying crostini were burned and the 'chorizo' looked like someone sliced up a salami and cut it into quarters. it was very weird and wasn't very tasty. on another visit i ordered some of the cheese and meat selections (very good!) and the grilled aspargus, which were meh. but it is a new kitchen and i think that they will sort out their problems, especially since they are full steam ahead (their full menu just opened today i think). i am eager to go back, but i do have to say it is nothing on good dog.....I really like this place. Here's why:
The staff are great, and friendly, and pay attention that your beer glass is never empty, and are helpful with welcoming new additions to your table (always nice- they were accommodating on two occasions recently and I really appreciate that).
The beer list is extensive and has lots of local brews (Yards, Stoudts, Victory, Flying Fish, and Troegs seem to be the usual suspects so far), and it gets switched up enough to keep it interesting. A wine-drinking friend approved of their wine list , though I haven't examined it in detail myself.
The bar snacks are tasty (spinach dip on Yards pumpernickel bread? yes please! and fried pickles! oh my), and the full menu has a great variety (try the Mediterranean chopped salad- delicious and big enough to share), including a dish or two with ingredients from that morning's farmers' market... I love that!
Plenty of tv screens to keep an eye on the Phillies (or the Flyers or whoever else, I suppose), so it's a great place to watch a game... though I can't recommend sitting at the bar unless you're off in the corner, it gets crowded and people shout in your ear as they try to order drinks.
Swift Half gets two thumbs up!I had a nice, gluttonous late lunch at the Swift Half on Saturday evening.  I'd been there a number of times before, but this was the first when I really concentrated on the food.  My party of two was seated promptly outside and, as usual, there was a relaxed Saturday vibe in the plaza.
We started with the cheese and charcuterie combo plate -- two cheese selections and two meats for $16.  We chose the sweet coppa, the rosette de lyon, the old chatham camembert, and the leonora.  The whole thing was delightful, served with bread, spicy mustard, pickled beets and olives, fig sauce, etc.  Some variation of the combo plate will probably become a go-to when I find myself at the Swift Half.
Next, we enjoyed the pierogies.  They had a really pronounced roasted garlic flavor that was perfect with the cherry tomato confit on which the they were served.  Good, if somewhat unremarkable.
Finally, we had a burger with a mountain of well-seasoned shoestring fries.  The burger was just okay.  We ordered it medium (at my dining partner's behest!!!!!!!) but it came out without a trace of pink inside.  Still, it was a pretty solid burger, with a great bun.  One thing that bugs me occasionally about burgers is when they're too fat.  This was somewhat of a problem here.  Only the most monstrous of jaw cavities could get this thing in without having to squeeze the burger.  I guess we were fortunate to have our burger overcooked, because had it been rare, I might have been wearing a few ounces of burger juice.
While our choices were pretty mundane, I'll definitely be back to try some of the more interesting specials that our waitress told us about.  You don't have to eat a burger if you want skate wings.
For booze, the place is pretty straightforward, offering a pretty typical selection of local draughts, with the odd Bells and Port Brewing selection.  Decent, if very small, bottle list.  Cheap, gross, necessary $3 pounders.  Also, a cocktail list I've not yet tried.
Overall, the Swift Half is a fine choice if you're in the neighborhood.  Be sure to try their awesome cheeses and cured meats.  
Almost forgot -- they have darts (why doesn't everywhere?!?!) and a good juke.Forget what you know about Bloody Mary's for brunch... The Swift Half serves an amazing, light, and refreshing Ghost of Mary. It's semitransparent, has hints of cucumber and celery, and features a rim coated in salt & pepper! Absolutely amazing! And a great cure for pain caused by the booze bus that hit you the night before! The bartenders, maitre de, and servers are nice, funny, and pretty attentive. The food is pretty good as well! I recommend the braised beef short rib sliders. Next time I go I am definitely trying out the lamb lollichops!A friend o mine lives right in the Piazza, so I've already found myself at the Swift Half twice in the past few months.  Seems like a pretty decent place to get yourself a Beer and pretend like you're in England.  The Beer specials are also pretty useful (had a 2 dollar Tallboy can of Schmidts last night!).  The food prices are also nice, especially the 2 dollar mini appetizer plates...any place with Deviled Eggs on the menu has my gratitude!
As for the bigger plates, they were interesting takes on standard fare...I had a rockin' Ham and (Brie) Cheese sandwich with Fig Jam and Arugula on nice crunchy Baguette...the other time I had the Flatbread Pizza with Duck Prosciutto and Goat Cheese...it was good, but it was also drizzled with Hoisin sauce....a little too much Hoisin sauce.  The Duck also looked like little Meatballs, not like Prosciutto like I was expecting, which kinda threw me off.  I've also enjoyed the fries, which are awesome, and I've been told good things about the Short Rib Sliders (my friend was THIS close to ordering a second plate.). 
So all in all you can't go wrong here if you are in Northern Liberties and looking to score a Beer and a bit o pub grub.the menu has been expanded!!!!!!! love the 3 dollar apps. except the deviled egg had a ton of vinagar in it!!! weird. the bacon brittle was good but oddly spicey. the ghost of mary drink was very good!!!!!!!!!!!! still imprssed at being seated so quickly!!!!!!!!!!!! great atmosphere.Gastropubs are taking over the world! Or at least Northern Liberties. This was my first trip to Swift Half and the Piazza, for that matter. I've lived in the Philadelphia area just about all my life and still find it a little weird that someone thought to plunk down this Piazza thing in Northern Liberties. Does someone want to tell me where all the regular folks are going to live once we've gentrified this entire city?
But I digress...
I appreciate what Swift Half is aiming for - a fresh, unique, delicious menu. However, I agree with Anthony S. in that they miss the mark with their "go big or go home" attitude. I was pretty excited about my B.E.L.T. (bacon, egg, lettuce, and tomato) sandwich because I adore breakfast for dinner. I felt the egg was overcooked, the bacon lacked the thick texture I was expecting, and the mayo was straight up out of the Hellman's mayo jar I presume. The bread was very good, but could have used toasting to give it some oomph. I thought the fries were delicious, though. 
Overall, I kind of felt that their menu was all over the place: mussels, fish and chips, burgers. Too many unrelated choices in my opinion.  I really enjoyed my Georgia Kiss cocktail (gin, peach schnapps, soda water, and lime) and thought that was a pretty original drink. They also have a great selection of beers which do not disappoint. I liked the atmosphere. It was a bit noisy due to all of the people out on a Friday night at 9pm, but the large open space lends itself well to coming with a group. The outdoor patio on the Piazza is also a definitive plus.
I look forward to trying Swift Half again and hope they "grow into" their grown up menu. Just do simple food well, guys. Don't prissy it up for the No Libs hipster crowd. When I go to a pub, I want hearty food that will compliment my beer selection and leave me feeling satisfied.A flea market had us in the vicinity so a friend and I decided to hit "The Piazza" for lunch before heading back to our neighborhoods. It took us awhile to find a dining spot that offered more than blasting music, sullen-looking patrons, menus peeling off front windows. Nobody seemed to be enjoying themselves in this neighborhood until we opened the door to The Swift Half.
The Swift Half offered not only pub menu but football on TV (for my friend) and subtle music. A broad spectrum of customer appeared to be enjoying their experience amid the comfortable seating.  Yes, we knew we were in beer country, but were pleased with the wine selections.  Although the food menu was heavy on the meat, cheese and other currently popular style entrees, the vegetarian selections were more imaginative than pasta.  We selected from among the small dishes - the flat bread pizza, chicken soup (du jour) and the spinach salad - without the odd poached egg.  
Our server was charming.  We really liked our food. Especially nice was the Bonny Doon wine selection which surprised but inspired me to order a glass despite the Novembery chill outside.  The worst we have to say about the dining experience was the three 20-something girls who sat directly behind us - one who slammed her chair up against mine and - who forgot to bring their inside voices with them that day.  I did, though, LOL after reading a recent review objecting to "...Everything is slightly too clean and streamlined... in other words, it sort of lacks character..."  Frankly, m'dear clean is a good thing and let the 'character' come from the patrons - try Dirty Franks.
Will we return? Absolutely. But just to visit the Swift Half. The Piazza (and the neighborhood in general) was dismal and depressing. But, that is a different review.Back home in Kalamazoo, there was a really special place called Bilbo's that was on campus.  It was a special place that served really delicious pizza but what made it really cool was an atmosphere that wasn't too crazy with the Lord of the Rings theme but only after you where there a couple times did you catch the subtle nuances that made the theme make sense.  
Later, they moved to a generic place in a strip mall with only one or two little special touches but the rest of it looking like an Applebee's with the crap on the wall stripped away.
This is how I kind of feel about Swift Half. When you go to Good Dog for the delicious pub food, it isn't until a half an hour in that you notice that all the pictures on the walls are of dogs.  At the swift half, not only is the food kinda meh but there's none of that character.  
Granted, I understand that they haven't broken the place in yet but I thought they had this type of thing down pat.  In the meantime, I'll be over at Standard Tap.I've tried, and tried, god all-mighty I've tried.  I want to like Swift Half.  I really do.  I like the name, I like that it has a really great outdoor space and decent bar area.  It's in my 'hood, which I also like. - I like to patronize locally-owned businesses.  I like good beer, and they serve plenty of it here too.  Service on the whole is always good here.   And wait! Just recently I had one of the most delicious cocktails here, the Ghost of Mary. - a deconstructed Bloody Mary - so good, so tasty that I will return here solely for this drink--  and it is so good that it earned Mr. Swift Half a star. Congrats.
But still... you would think all those factors put together would at least inch up Swift Half to four stars or more - but no!  I just can't bring myself to.   I still hate the generic space.  It's more Applebees than local watering hole and nothing they can do can change that, short of moving all together.  Most importantly what's keeping me from liking this place  is the food.  Each time  it's a let down - each time, it never measures up.  Sandwiches are always more bread than filling, pizzas are bland and short on toppings; basically the menu options aren't terribly varied and dare I say it boring? Even the bacon-peanut brittle that I thought would save the day, tasted like gristle and fat.  
So there you have it, If you come here, don't eat, just drink (that should be my tag line, come to think of it!) -  and when you drink here have one of their lovely drafts on tap, or even better, try that signature Ghost of Mary.I've had some pretty crappy service here..and the food was less than stellar but it can be fun especially outside..nice beer selection..I'm love/hate when it comes to gastropub menus. I appreciate the creativity put into the selection but am never really impressed by the outcome. The dishes at Swift Half are indicative of this as well. There's just a noticeable lack of something I can't put my finger on.
A+ for the beer AND cocktail selection. For a place with its name and branding surrounding beverage, I'd be disappointed if it wasn't a good place to grab a drink.
For the sports fans, you can surely catch your game on one of their several televisions. Also, I do believe there's a dart table.
The atmosphere and the service is swell, it's the food menu that just fails to grab a hold of me. It's a tad underwhelming when actually received, better on paper.So let me start by saying the 3.5 star average is extremely accurate, and unfortunately I can not give a half star rating so I will be nice and bump it up to 4 stars.
My friend and I came here because we had a gift certificate and wanted to finally check it out.  When we first arrived, it seemed like they were a little short-staffed because there was not a hostess but rather a host/waiter for the entire restaurant.  I guess this makes sense for a slow Sunday evening.  The waiter eventually came over when we decided to seat ourselves.  While the service was a little slow at first, I will say the waiter was extremely nice.
I ordered a Caesar salad which was okay-nothing special, and the Braised Pork Rib Sliders--those things were absolutely delicious--I was definitely surprised by this after the so-so casar salad.  My friend ordered fries and the Buffalo shrimp--those were also great and I'm not even a huge Buffalo sauce fan.  We washed down this pub food with Abbey Dubbels (highly recommend this beer!) and Miller High Lifes.  
The Chocolate Pot de Creme is a little odd....it should be sweeter and the sea salt is too intense.  I'm a huge fan of the chocolate and sea salt combination---but this just didn't work :-(.  The Bread Pudding was just okay...but then again, I'm not really a fan of Bread Pudding.
We actually stayed for a while playing darts and drinking more beer. The bartender is also very nice and the scene is very chill (not pretentious or hipsterish!) It was a good night.  I'll be back for more beer, darts, and those sliders!
Oh!  and the bathroom is very clean and has nice toilet paper!--not that cheap stuff!I liked the outdoor atmosphere and the big screen TV - but the Phillies were on and a big tree was obstructing the view from the outdoor patio.  Bad design - no brainer.   A great place to hang out with friends - especially on a nice day.
Otherwise, I found the food and menu selection mediocre.  But the service seemed okay and the beer selection seemed adequate.  My salad was okay, but not great. Just okay - not memorable.  Three stars - maybe 3 1/2.NEW YEARS DAY 2010: 
9AM: Wake up mildly hung over in need of some greasy treats to ease the pain. 
9:08A: Call McDonald's on Greys Ferry to make sure that they are open before jumping into my car and driving there. 
9:25A: Finally satisfied with my sausage mcmuffin and TWO hash browns (always say no to champagne punch)
4:00P: My mothers annual new years open house. Lots of free food, booze and people watching (living in Philadelphia for almost 60 years, my mother has gathered quite the group of memorable acquaintances) 
6:30P Fairly drunk again. Damn those little pink cans of Sofia do it to me every time. My friends finally start arriving to the party.
8PM: Everyone is drunk. Our cleaning lady is hitting on my husband and our friends and all of the gay men at the party. It is truly a sight to be seen.
10PM: Lyndsey (me) has a brilliant idea. "Is it Friday?" Let's go to 700! 
10:05P: Six of us jump into a cab to NoLib from my residence in Rittenhouse. 
10:12P: 700 Club is closed. :(
10:13P: LETS GO BOWLING!  (this turns into a Grease 2 singalong down 2nd Street...We're gonna SC OR ORE tonight!)
10:16P: North Bowl is no longer giving out lanes. AND their kitchen had a fire so they aren't serving food.
10:20P Standard Tap's kitchen is closed. The thought of drinking more without having anything in my stomach is devastating, so we leave. 
10:21P AHA! Remember that place we went for so and so's birthday? Isn't that close by?
10:30P Finally have a plate of deviled eggs and a delicious winter ale in front of me: Oh Swift Half, you have saved my life. 
11P: We get our meals: 2 steak sandwiches (meh), a pressed chicken curry sandwich (yum), and perogies (yum)! Our friend falls in love with one of the servers so we sit for an hour trying to write the best love note to give him when he comes by. 
Said friend xnays the plan and goes to talk to him like a real live person. They both do jiu jit su. But he has a girlfriend who looks just like her and has the same name! 
Anyway, Swift Half gave us good food, good beer, and lots of laughs to ring in the new year. We will definitely keep it in our little black book. 
xoHad the B.E.L.T sandwich and it was pretty good, they have some good beer on tap also. One of the only bars in Norther Liberties that has the games playing on Sunday.Mouse + Lost Food + 2 hour meal = Bad Review. 
Sorry Swift Half, but you broke my heart.  You big brother Good Dog and I have been kicking it for a while now.  Ya we hang out, but you Swift Half, well lets just say you exhausted all the cool points your big bro earned.
I love the Dog.  One of my favorite spots for a burger and a beer.  That place is sick.  So when the owners debuted a second location at the Piazza I was stoked.  I went for lunch and it was pretty good.  I had a nice burger (no good dog, but close) and some really tasty, crispy shoe-string fries.  The beer list was pretty good, if not a tad on the pricy side.  But this time . . . negative.  Swift Half's ship has, at least in my mind, sunk.  
First, there was a mouse in the bar.  Considering it's an open air bar, I was willing to let that slide. The staff shooed it away and life went on business as usual.  Second, they lost our food.  Not rocket science - a burger and mufalata (sp?) sandwich.  An hour later, I called over the server, who explained that he was really sorry, but another table had ordered the exact same thing and they got it, we didn't.  He offered to buy us a round of beers, which we took.  This would have assuaged our disappointment, except for the fact that it took almost another full hour for the food to come.  Whack. 
Sorry fellas, but by my math, that equals a bad time. . . With many other far better options in Northern Liberties (bar ferdinand and Standard Tap to name two) give this one a miss. 
Next time you are in Center City, Give Good Dog a try.  You won't be let down.I've been back to Swift half several times since my initial review and figured an update was due.  
What I still like about Swift Half is the beer.  They still have a great selection and decent prices.  The bar tenders and wait staff are pretty swift as well.  What i'm not crazy about is just about everything else.
Although they're clearly making an attempt at a fresh and tasty menu, it mostly falls flat by over-doing most things.  Some items on the menu make up for others, but for the most part, the menu should be reworked.  I , and most people I have gone with, have found the menu to be rather limited in fact.  I really like the concept of apps, meals, sandwiches, small plates, etc, (and the paper bag menu), but I find myself not dying to have any one particular item.  I'm underwhelmed Swift Half.
Personally, I'm not crazy about the crowd that overflows this place and the increasing difficulty to get a table here means I'm not putting this on my top ten places to hit up in N. Liberties.  
In all, I'd say pass on Swift Half if you're looking for a delicious meal.  If you just want to have some beers, hang out and be loud with your friends and not really care about what you end up eating, it may work out for you.Had the burger and fries here.  The burger was very tasty.  Only problem is that it was too traditional.  They needed some kind of sauce to put on it or something.  Ketchup is too boring for me.  The fries were incredible.  They had that chewy texture like the Good Dog's fries.  My only qualm's was that they didn't have any kind of aioli dipping sauce for the fries.  Once again, Ketchup is boring.  We also had the bbq short rip sliders with a horseradish sauce for an appetizer.  Those were pretty incredible.  I kind of wish that was a sandwich that I could have had for dinner.I came here on NYE and I heard that this was there last night. I couldn't tell because our server was super attentive and helpful with our drinks throughout the night into the midnight hour.
Sad that I won't get to experience Swift Half again!!
Good Night, and Good luck.This place lacks something.  It has okay food, okay service, pretty pricey stuff, an okay interior and drink list.  But it's nothing to rave about.  I go there once in a while because the Piazza is there.  But this isn't Good Dog--and unfortunately it is lacking in all Good Dog's positives.I come here often and I am never disappointed.  Slightly hungry?  Get a cheese plate.  They have a great selection of cheeses that come with bread, little pickles, olives, and berries (Each of the cheeses have a fruit pairing also).  Starving?  The fish and chips are more than satisfying.  The fish is lightly breaded and not over fried.  The burgers have only gotten better since they've opened (up on the level of Good Dog).  
With 10-12 beers on tap, you are sure to find your match.  Generally, they price around $5.  Check out the newest Flying Fish that they have - Exit 11.  (It just came out last week).  Bottled beers are just as delicious.  
Service is friendly, the one blond bartender always with a smile.  Very welcoming.  
Outdoor seating is wonderful.   I can't say anything but good things!  Check it out on your next stop to Northern Liberties.Great neighborhood bar! Perfect for all ages; outside patio is dog friendly - ALWAYS A PLUS!!! Staff is warm, friendly and always handy with a smile and laugh. Food is wonderful and reasonably priced. Specialty drinks delicious!!!Swift Half is one of those places I keep going back to, wanting to be impressed, and I always leave feeling sorta "eh". As a bar, it just doesn't really cut it for me. The decor is best described as a sterile pub. Everything is slightly too clean and streamlined... in other words, it sort of lacks character. Food-wise though, its pretty good. I wouldn't necessarily go out of my way for it (especially with all the other choices in the area) but I certainly won't turn my nose up at eating there. As a random side note, I totally sat there for a good 15 mins not realizing the thing holding my silverware was the menu ... hopefully this keeps others  from being that guy too