I had been craving some good chinese food for a few days now, and Four Rivers was on my list of places to try.  We entered the sparsely decorated dining area and were greeted by a slightly awkward server who took our order.  We received our food in no time, and were hardly finished with our soup when appetizer and main dishes arrived all at once-yikes!.  Hot and sour soup was good and spicy- scallion pancakes were delicious- not greasy and you could actually taste that they were made with scallions. We ordered vegetable lo mein which was tasty- the vegetables were crunchy and fresh, light, delicious with a nutty flavor..mmmm.  The Szechuan tofu was good and spicy tho my boyfriend found it a bit too salty....I really enjoyed the Szechuan flavor.  Overall my experience here was positive and my appetite for chinese food satisfied.  I'm glad I tried this place, but will probably explore more options before visiting again.Outstanding Chicken LoMien and the Slicing Tea Smoked Duck was tasty! I would recommend this place to hit if you're in Philadelphia. So small and out of the way, so I'd say cozy but when you sit down feel roomy. I loved the flavors of the food and the hot tea was good as well.Best Chinese in Philadelphia. 
Get the spicy Cucumbers, they aren't on the menu but they are incredible!One of my favorite restaurants in the city. Has amazing vegetable and chicken dishes. Must order triple shredded vegetables.  Also the dan dan noodles are amazing - combination of garlic and peanut sauce.what a joke.  Wouldn't let us change our order.  Wouldn't let us Exchange a dish after it wasn't what we expected.  Then got berated after we suggested better customer service.  Don't come here at any cost.  Go to Tai lake or anything else.Got over to Four Rivers a week ago for a Sunday exploration dinner. Ordered a giant pot of Fish Soup and the sauteed green beans, which somewhat surprisingly is my all time favorite Sichuan dish. The fish soup was amazing, just what was needed to warm up and rehydrate after a long day. Plates were intended to be shared, but I was extra hungry :)
Tea was a nice touch as well. Recommended for groups, or hungry individuals!We are very disppointed with the food. The shrimps were not fresh. The noodle was not as good as some of the take-out places we have been. Other dishes were just so so. We won't go back again.My favorite restaurant in Chinatown (and two of my pickiest Chinese buddies as well). The basil chicken is a must and the whole fish is amazing. There's a sliced potato dish that I always get but can never remember the name. This is one of (if not the) oldest places in philly Chinatown.. for good reason.a small hole in the wall is the best secret Philadelphia has to offer.. a great hidden secret. if Asians are eating at a Asian,  it's a gr a time sign for the restaurant.  very attentive service,  they made us feel welcome, comfortable, and complimtary hot tea .  we order the Shredded Beef with long hot peppers,  Kung power chicken, and scallion pancakes.  we've found this great gem by walking in Chinatown,  too many choices.. a great thing is they had an American and Authentic Chinese food menu selections.Really good little place near downtown Philly! In town for the evening and Yelped for something in Chinatown. We weren't disappointed. Great smokin' hot szechuan chicken. My mouth was on fi-ya! Very good experience.The ambience is quite nice and low key. It's also very simple. The walls are mirrors (above 5 feet), and the floors are tile. It is also very spacious, with a few feet between each table. It won't get crowded at all like other traditional restaurants. With that being said, everything is pretty low key - the chairs, tables, everything! I'm fine with that. It's also a bit dark in there.
The dish I ordered was beef with black bean sauce.
It was decent. It was more reminiscent of janky chinese restaurants, due to the generous amounts of sliced carrots and canned vegetables. Not a fan of filler vegetables. It was decent though.This is by far the most authentic (and delicious!) Chinese restaurant I've tried in Philly so far. Like other people mentioned, the place looks quite dumpy on the outside and dingy on the inside. However, the fast and helpful service should make up for it.
We came here with one of my white friends who wanted to order the General Tso's shrimp. When the waitress came over and took our orders, she gave me the dirtiest look when I tried to order that for him... and then she told me "That dish is only for Americans." After that incident we took the waitress' suggestion and settled for "Salt and Pepper Shrimp" instead. The shrimp was perfectly coated and delicious. Definitely recommended!
We also got green beans, some type of tofu dish (for my vegetarian friend), and "house sweet ham". All of it was very good :)
Definitely a must-try if you're in ChinatownFour Rivers' sczechuan dishes are really really great.  In fact they make my favorite dish at the moment.  They make the best Kung Po chicken I have ever had.  Get it and order it extra spicy trust me.  I never really cared for Kung Po before I had theirs.  The chicken is always super tender and moist, the sauce is a beautiful red and spicy coating,  chunks of spring onion, and I even eat all the peanuts.  The amount of food you get for 12 bucks is fantastic.  I think I am addicted.  
Other dishes I have tried that I enjoyed.
Peppercorn chicken:  they use the mala spice and they use plenty of it.   This is dry hot pepper style no sauce.  Very good
Chung du chicken-  good but I didn't love the flavor.  Chicken is cut in big pieces like long fat strips and covered with a spicy sauce. No veggies nothing else.
Scallion pancakes:  yup these are a winner
Twice cooked pork:  If you like pork belly get it.   If not get something else or ask for regular pork.  Authentic chinese food fanatics love their pork belly but I prefer regular pork. (So sue me!!).   
Great food, friendly staff, closed on Tuesday(really? Why Tuesday?)Food is good and well price which is why I still give 1 star. However, the waitress gave us attitude whole time. Definitely not children welcome at all. 
Based on the waitress, this type of food not for children. 
The waitress were very impatient and keep worry that my children would break their plates or glasses.   Definitely do not come here if you have children.I've been living in Philly for several years and I can say this is the best Chinese restaurant in town! Four Rivers is always my usual spot to go for authentic Chinese food. Ba Mountain Roasted Pig Feet, Steamed Whole Fish in Hot Bean Sauce are my favorite dishes. The staff members are friendly, service is good and the restaurant is clean.I love this place!! Even though so far I've only ate here once about a couple of days ago. But I will soooo go back soon! Their lunch special is amazing, cheap and good! Trust me, you will not be disappointed. :)This place has the best green beans in Philadelphia. I order green beans every time I go to a Chinese restaurant and my partner and I both agreed these were the best we've had in Philly. Ma po tofu was great- VERY spicy, even for people who love spicy foods. Meal came quickly and was fresh. The environment is a bit run down and the service was ok. Otherwise a great place to grab a quick dinner.I have been to this restaurant a few times after it changed name (Owner). Now it serves authentic Sichuan food for real. Everything from the chef specials taste really good. Give it a try if you love spicy food.The people working at the restaurant are intelligent, kind, warm, and welcoming...and last but not least, the food was very good.  I enjoyed the boiled tilapia fish in spicy chili oil.  Thanks for a great experience!The service stinks. Before this place changed owners my husband and my family enjoyed coming here. They mad this spicy beef casserole (when the old owners were there) and my hubby loved it. We went back last year September or October 2014 after the new owners came in and my hubby ordered the same dish and it's NOT the same. Since that trip were not going back anymore.the name four rivers implies it is a Sichuan style restaurant. However,the dishes served in four rivers are neither delicious nor authentic. The food here is not sichuan style except for that they are under those sichuan dishes' names. very disappointingFinally, after 2 years in the States, I found a restaurant that serves authentic Sichuan food. Wonton in Spicy Sauce is especially good!! Alas, I thirst for spicy Sichuan cuisine is quenched!Four Rivers is absolute bliss. Never before have I had Chinese food this authentic. Plus the wait staff are so nice, and amazingly fluent with descriptions of food. Totally affordable, and oh so delish! I recommend the Chef's Noodles or the Chicken and Corn Soup.Under new ownership, lost a lot of the great dishes I always came back for. My go to for dan dan noodles  is gone and I'm genuinely sad. Just bring them back to me and I'll be so happy!  The crystal wontons are still tasty just arrive with the sauce over them and not swimming in tons of chili oil, which  I also miss. Well here's to finding a new dan dan noodle spot !We had steamed fish, steamed chicken with chili sauce, cabbage with dried shrimp and wanton with chili sauce. Except for the wanton was a little bit too sweet and not spicy enough, everything else is authentic and perfect!So many places to choose from in Chinatown.. this is one of the better ones.
Ask for recommendations, they were good at guiding us to something different we hadn't tried before. Spicy, good food. Quick, friendly service. Go here.Went there to have a dinner with my gf yesterday, and ordered quiet lot of food, we love spicy very much. And i asked the waitress to add more spicy on some of my food, but it came out not too spicy but its an ok. But overall was excelent. Still want to come and to make sure make it more more spicy :)Good Schezuan-style baked fish at a really good price by American standards. Worth a trip if you can stand the heat.One of the only places in Philly to get good Schezuan cuisine.  We tried the spicy beef, spicy string-beans, and the shrimp.  All very well prepared.  If you're in Philly and want spicy Chinese, this is the place to go.Good Chinese Food here!  We ate here this past weekend - very impressed with the fresh taste of the food. 
I'm a HUGE sweet-n-sour fan, and I went outside my comfort zone and tried something new - Home Style Tofu. Wow, I really like this stuff.
I did also have a favorite - Hot and sour soup, very good! I was happy to taste that the ingredients tasted fresh, and the flavors were good.This is great place to eat authentic Chinese food in Philadelphia Chinatown. You could call it a dive restaurant, only because it is not fancy.....just a single room to eat period. My best friend Joe and I use to eat their all of the time when I lived in Philly.  We established a nice relationship with "Lady Boss" (owner) and her crew and always ordered off the Chinese menu......some recommendations:
- Salted shrimp is served whole head, etc.
- Spicy shredded pork or beef with hot peppers & tofu.
- Spicy whole fried fish. 
- Sauteed spinach and garlic.
- Sauteed bok choy.
- "Shish-Sho-Tov"..."the Princess Tofu dish". (see picture)
Shish-Sho-Tov is not on the menu, and they only prepared it when we called ahead. If you are curious to try this hearty seafood-egg-tofu dish, call and order ahead about 15/20 mins before you arrive to the restaurant. Make sure you tell them Jack and Joe told you to try this dish. My wife made me bring this dish back to San Francisco every time I went back to Philadelphia.
Enjoy!Look, if you're looking for AUTHENTIC chinese cuisine, you're gonna love it here. If you're just going to order American chinese food that every white person gets, you're gonna think this place is boring. Ignore all the white people. If you know how to order there, you won't be disappointed.Let's start with what's not good here.
To my knowledge. nothing yet, but of course, I never order General Tso there. ;)
Four Rivers is like the grand daddy of all Szechuan restaurants in Philly Chinatown. If you haven't eaten there, you haven't eaten good Szechuan. 
I will just go straight to what's worthy...
- Crystal Wontons
- Pan Fried Pork Dumpling
- Cold Pasta* shredded chicken
- Shredded Pork with bamboo shoot
- Pork Intestines in spicy sauce
- Sliced Pork Belly topped with garlic sauce
- Shanghai Wu-Shi Ribs 
- House Special Sweet Ham 
- Basil Chicken 
- House Special Chicken
- Sauteed String Bean 
- Chinese Cabbage with dried shrimp
-  (so apparently yelp doesnt like chinese characters)
- + stuff at the counter
Their Crystal Wontons have won some kind of award I believe, and I can eat that stuff all day. They cold sesame noodle is always very refreshing. Their dumplings are very worthy; they have openings on both side and it tastes very delish. If you do like cold appetizers, you must try their stuff in the glass counter where you wait to be seated. Their spicy beef, tendon and tripe is awesome. Their bean curd and mushroom is awesome. Their tripe is awesome. Just get it.
 My personal favorite dishes are Sliced Pork Belly topped with garlic sauce, House Special Chicken and chinese vege dish that is not on the menu . If you don't like garlic, don't get the sliced pork belly because you will cry. House special chicken is extremely spicy and tasty. Its a whole chicken, with bone, drenched in peppers and hot sauce; it is a tongue numbing opportunity.  Chinese vege is just Chinese vege, call me and I will order it for you.
This is the place to be in Chinatown, and I go there almost once a week. I would live there. Did I mention it is BYOB?
Their menu: http://philadelphia.menupages.com/restaurants/four-rivers/menu
The End.My boyfriend and I were hungry and definitely wanted Asian food. He wanted general tso's chicken of course. I ordered some moo goo gai pan (chicken and veggies). They were quick to bring out the food and of course it was delicious! Oh and not to mention the price was pretty awesome. The restaurant is tiny so be sure to get there early before the lunch rush or you might have to wait or they will put you at the round table with small groups (which was no big deal).I ventured down to Four Rivers with my friend from Hong Kong this past weekend, and while he said it didn't compare to the food from back home, I thought it was quite enjoyable compared to most of the greasy westernized places we have here. Sure it wasn't out of this world, but it was a good first for "authentic" Chinese food. But, I believe there is better.
The restaurant itself is rather small. It's just one open room. I didn't mind it but I will say they could use a decorator. The staff is quite nice and food arrives quickly.
Would I go back? Sure if someone else wanted to try it...Why have I not been here sooner?   In and around Chinatown for 30+ years, and I'm only starting to find this place now?! (Been here a few years ago, but I'm blocking that out right now.)  
We had 3 dishes, I don't remember the English names for them.
One would be translated literally as Saliva Chicken (it's a cold chicken dish in red sauce) it was more sweet than spicy, but it had a decent amount of spice nonetheless.
We also had an eggplant dish, English name probably something like Eggplant with garlic sauce.
And we had a fish filet dish in red sauce.  
All very good, more than spicy enough for those of you who like spicy.Great food, certainly one of the better restaurants in Chinatown, be sure to try the crystal wonton. Four stars due to the bland decor.I live in Chinatown and have NEVER been disappointed by four rivers. It has white-people-friendly and uber-authentic chinese food that is never greasy or bland. 
Get the crystal wontons, you will not regret it.I love Chinese food, its my guilty pleasure and i have had a lot of it. I recently ordered from Four Rivers and was really happy. The food is fresh and tasty. The communication is a little off because their English is not great but they are very nice. if your looking for a good Chinese place in the city this is definitely one of my top 5.This is our favorite restaurant in Chinatown. Super friendly staff as well as excellent food. The Spicy eggplant, salt baked shrimp and whole fish are our favorites. As a matter of fact, I dream of that eggplant. It has the Sezchuan peppercorn in it, so you get the spicy-numbing sensation at the same time. 
I want to eat it everyday and if you ask me why I'll say, cause Four Rivers is the BEST!I went in here a little while ago with a coworker for lunch. The place is located on one of the main strips in Chinatown.  The decor is fairly standard. The place did look like it needed a new paint job.
I ordered hot and sour soup and shredded pork with vegetables. The hot and sour soup was the hottest I've ever have spice/hotness-wise. I couldn't finish it because it was making me sweat and hiccup so much. The shredded pork was very tasty and spicy without being overly so. The portion size was pretty good for a $6.50 lunch special.
Service was pretty decent, though I could have used more water refills due to the smokin hot and soup soup.
My only gripe about this place is that they don't tell you that they have a $20 minimum for charge/debit cards in the menu.They have a small sign posted on the cash register at the front(which of course we didn't notice until we left). My coworker was going to pay for both of us(13.50 before tip) and they wouldn't bend on the card rule even though it was our first time. Luckily I had enough cash. 
Good food at a reasonable price. I'll be back at some point.So flavorful.  Okay prices for Chinatown, good prices in general.  My favorite Chinese in Philly.  5 stars.
This is one of my staple restaurants when I want Chinese food.  In all honesty, I tend to rotate the same six dishes every time.  Basil chicken, eggplant and chicken hotpot, sliced pork belly with garlic, snow pea shoots (I assume this is the English name for it), sauteed green beans, and jellyfish.  I recall the couple times I had scallion pancakes, that they were a bit underwhelming and dry.  Otherwise, I love the listed dishes, the service is friendly enough and food is served in good time.  Basil chicken does require a bit of a wait but it's quite worthwhile.  Unfortunately, this restaurant isn't open past 10 or 11, which makes my post-climbing dinner options a bit subpar.  Dishes range from $10-$15, which is high for Chinatown but reasonable anywhere else.  Considering it's the best option, I don't tend to have a problem with this.
Quality food.  If I were to send you anywhere in Chinatown, it's Four Rivers.Service: Great
Food: Average - could be much better!
Price: Reasonable
We came here to try out the baked fish. Thought it would be crispy. But they pour the entire broth over the fish making it really soft. What's the point of baking it in the first place? Also, the taste felt like they used those hot pot base. It's just this particular dish that was pretty bad. Their appetizer was still good and all the staff were really attentive. 
There is much more room for improvement on the food quality!Came here to eat with a group of friends and we selected some dishes to try.
The corn & chicken soup was pretty good, the group liked that for the texture (a little thick, not too salty), and the snow pea leaves in garlic were done well, although the dish was small.  The beef with xo sauce was not that exciting, but the casserole w/fish (no idea what the fish was, mind you) was pretty tasty.
The menu is varied enough so as to be different and more authentic-feeling than many of the other restaurants, at least the part in English compared to other English menus.
Acceptably clean and service was a bit slow to replace the tea, but overall we left filled and happy.Amazing authentic SiChuan Chinese food.I had horrible experience in Han Dynasty (Main street) last week, so I decided to try Four Rivers again which is another Chinese Sishuan style restaurant. I did not have very good experience the last time when I visited here, the food was slow, service was not great. But I was very pleased this time. It took them 10 minutes to have my food ready, the owner was very friendly. The food was good. My overall experience was great this time. I will be back, hope they can keep up their improvements.Had late lunch there today.  First time here.  Service was very good with just enough as needed and wanted.  Dishes - dan Dan noodles, sliced pork with crispy rice and eggplant with garlic sauce.  The pork dish, which had a wonderful depth of flavor and was very tasty was however just a touch too sweet for my taste.  The eggplant was outstanding.  The dan dan noodles hit the spot too. I highly recommend this restaurant and will be back to try other of their interesting looking dishes.Went there for lunch. Grim, greasy, terrible. Even my fortune cookie was stale. At least it was cheap. Go to Ting Wong instead at 138 N 10th St. (also cheap, but delicious). I should have.Food was tasty. Will visit again. Service was fine. Bebe waitress had good recommendations for authentic items on menu. Plus its BYOB.This place has amazing flavor, the decor is extremely simple, but the people are so nice and the food is really good.
Try the Dan-Dan it's flavor will knock you off your feet!Great and authentic Szechuan food.  Ordered Ma Po Tofu and bamboo shoots in chili oil.  The Ma Po Tofu is very very good!  Bamboo shoots is a little bit plain, but overall still good.My favorite Chinese resturant in town. Love the ma po tofu, pork with tofu and green peppers, and the dan dan sichuan spicy noodles. Best Sichuanese food I've found in Philly, and it's just a tad less spicy than the real stuff. I ordered it extra spicy once and it was overkill!Really enjoyed the chicken and eggplant stew I had here. The dandan noodles are disappointing compared to E Mei's however. Will be visiting again to try more dishes but will definitely have to ask them to kick up the spice factor, the last time I was here the spices were quite mild.This is the real deal, when you know what to order. When you enter in the front you will see a display case with food in it. Do buy the spicy cucumber, do buy the spicy aged sliced beef. The two of these, which aren't always available, and not on the menu when you sit down, are one of my most favorite chinese foods, and uncommonly known by americans. There is a whole cooked fish for dinner, it's around $20- it's well worth it. The blend of herbs and spices that they cook the fish in are amazing. It's a flavor I have never experienced anywhere else. When it comes to chinese this is one of the best!After looking over previous reviews, we ordered crystal wontons, which were yummy, and Chengdu chicken, which was not.  On the upside: the portion was huge, more than enough for 2. But the major detractor was that despite a flavorful, spicy sauce, the chicken itself was oddly bland--it even needed salt!Come here for spicy, unique, authentic, well-priced Chinese food in the heart of Chinatown!! I came here with my family and there are plenty of parking lots (pay) in the area, or street parking if you're lucky. Place was not too crowded for a Sunday lunch and we didn't need a reservation. 
We ordered everything in my pictures, and my favorite was either the Chengdu dumplings, husband and wife tripe (it sounds prettier in Chinese I promise!), or mooshu chicken. The Chengdu dumplings had this amazing chili oil/sauce that I've never had anywhere else! Skins were very smooth. Husband and wife tripe was more peppery than actually being spicy, which we loved. Mooshu chicken was a well-done classic, with 4 pancakes. However, the fried salt pork was nothing special and the garlic chicken was a bit too oily for my taste. 
Total came down to $74 for 4 people including everything, plus we took home two half dishes! Service overall was fast but a bit unfriendly, while all in all we definitely had a great experience. Some of these dishes you really can't find anywhere else! Will be back for sure.Not 3.5 but not quite 4 stars and Only been once so bear with me, the staff was extremely friendly and nice which is always great and the food is very Authentic and delicious. The menu is HUGE! And extensive with a variety to fit anyone's palette, even had an American style section for those less adventurous patrons( I steered clear of that section and would advise others to do so as well, kinda ruins the point of going to an authentic spot ya know?) 
For starters I got the Dan Dan noodles and had them make it as spicy as possible,even told them don't hold back, not like " American" spicy and she chuckled. They were alright not that flavorful( in comparison to Han) and really not fiery how I was hoping,very little heat to me but I'm am a chili head by true nature so go figure. I also got the wontons in chili oil ordered as is no adjusting heat and they were Delish!! I wish I had ordered them spicier because it wasn't at all but my friend who doesn't take heat well thought they were spicy enough, so an individual take on heat level. 
My friend and I didn't even order our entrees off of the menu as we were peeking on the table next to ours and saw a few great options. She got braised pork belly which we later found had tofu in it and we aren't tofu people but the tofu was a firmer one and flavorful so okay and the pork belly was super tender with melty fat perfect for those who like different textures. Has an herb that gave a odd aftertaste but still fine. I got the crispy dry pepper shrimp ordered super hot and it was great! The shrimp was super crispy and even still crispy after a day in the fridge for left overs , was impressed. The heat was not where I wanted it but the shrimp size and portion made up for it.  The meal was really affordable as well. 
Coming back to browse the menu some without a doubtThis place has 5 star food but not much for atmosphere but I really don't care. The crystal wonton is a dish I will think about forever.  We asked our waiter for suggestions and they were great. The place is clean and the food is fabulous.four rivers is known for szechuan food.  besides the usual chinese-american stuff (general tso's chicken, wonton soup, etc), they mix in some pretty authentic szechuan dishes (hidden by americanized names).  if you're new to szechuan food, it's SPICY!  sweat inducing, tongue numbing, highly addictive stuff!  and in philly chinatown, it's one of 3 szechuan places that i know of.
definite must tries are the wontons in hot chili oil (it's called house special wonton on the menu i think), kou shui ji (it's called house special chicken on the menu i think), and ja jiang noodles (szechuan noodles on the menu i think).   the ja jiang noodles were pretty standard but what set it apart was the noodles.  it was so QQ and comforting as it went down our tummy.
we tried the spicy seafood claypot/hotpot but it was okay.  the spicy broth-like sauce was pretty good, but i didn't like the farm raised tiger prawns they used.  we also tried the popcorn chicken with red chili (not sure how they translated it on the menu as i just described the dish to the server).  it's deep fried chicken pieces seasoned with salt, pepper, and dried chili peppers.  it was okay.  for this dish, we thought the ones from chung king garden tasted better.
overall, really nice change from the usual cantonese stuff especially if you're looking for something spicy.okay food, some dishes are not freshReally authentic Sichuan food!!! The environment is comfortable. We've tried many Chinese food in US and this one is the best of all!!! Never miss it!!!So I don't know what the hubbub is with this place.  Last night, my friend and I tried some "authentic" Chinese food.  I ordered yu shiang ro shi, (pork strips in garlic sauce), salt baked squid, and some green vegetables.  To be honest, everything was subpar though edible.  Perhaps I didn't order the right szechuan dishes, but these plates were pretty deplorable for any "authentic" Chinese restaurant.  2.5 stars for this one.I love the Cold Pasta shredded chicken.  I haven't had the Crystal Wontons. I think this gives me a reason to go again.  
Their Shanghai noodle soup is good...and I like their spicy dishes but sometimes I'm overwhelmed with the amount of oil.The dishes there are tasty and quick but the service is really a problem. The owner acts like we owe her a million dollars. A waiter is fine though.I am a foodie and will never pass up an opportunity to yelp about the good the bad and the ugly of the food world. Four Rivers is not a fancy restaurant by any means but they serve authentic Chengdu cuisine and are located in the heart of China Town, Philadelphia. I love the "tan tan noodles" and the spicy Chengdu chicken. The crystal wontons are great appetizers too! Somehow their take-out food never tastes as fabulous as their dine-in. So all the more reason to go there and try out their menu.Its been reviewed so many times, all I have to add is that I like the Hot Pepper Chicken and the Sweet & Sour ribs are pretty tastey.   The Hunan fish(talapia) seems a little high at $22.50 when compared to their other dishes, but overall I like the food here.  The ambiance is majorly lacking though.  I wouldn't recommend this place for a first date unless you know she likes eating at yummy hole-in-the wall restaurants.I hadn't been here for several years and friends said we had to go. With all of the excellent choices of Asian food in Philadelphia now it may be easy to overlook Four Rivers - which was in the vanguard of great Chinese food a few years ago. Every dish was superb. We had the Crystal Wontons of course, a dry tofu noodle and pork dish, spicy cucumbers, sauteed spinach, scallion pancakes, another wonderful tofu dish and more. I didn't want to stop. Every dish tasted unique. Service was perfect. Go back!Delicious food. We had a lot of food and they are all gone at the end. Friendly amd fast service. Highly recommend if you like spicy sichuan style chinese foodEat the spicy pork intestine. I'm not joking. That's the best dish you'll ever get in any Sichuan restaurant. If you tell me you don't eat internals. Just pretend you don't know what it is that you're eating. Trust me. It's worth it. 
Anything else that's served in a clay pot is good also.4.5 stars. Very good Chinese food. I don't know that I've had better in the city, but I need to give a few more places a chance before I make that declaration. 
When everyone eating in the restaurant is Chinese, that's usually a good sign. Our table was the only one given those cheap wooden chopsticks instead of the nice plastic ones, but I actually found it pretty funny. We obviously weren't ready for the big leagues. 
Such good food, and just thinking about it now makes me want to go back!Four Rivers is a good happy medium for me. It isn't too American, it isn't too authentic. 
Their lo mien is my favorite in Chinatown, it isn't too greasy and the veggie isn't full of filler vegetables. The scallion pancakes are perfectly crisp. Eggplant in garlic sauce is actually spicy here, probably because when the server tries to warn me it is spicy I say something lame like, "ooooh yeaaah!" This dish also has TONS of garlic, so it probably isn't the best thing to order on a date. Sometimes if I've had a bad day I'll order sweet and sour chicken, which isn't too heavy but comes in the standard sauce. 
I wish they delivered, because the dining room atmosphere leaves something to be desired. Like ambiance.Love this place! Not very expensive for two people to have a nice meal. So far I love their wonton in chili oil, fried tofu, and shredded chicken & cucumber with peanut sauce. I would recommend all their appetizers, they are inexpensive and tasty than the main entree. BTW, this is authentic asian food, not americanized version.Idiots gave me the wrong order.  When I get home and called they did not care and did not try to accomidate their mistake.  I have no time for poor service. I will no longer be eating there.Terrible terrible experience!! I remember my friend once warned me about this place. She said the food there is not fresh, and she got sick after eating there. But tragically I didn't pay attention to her word. Yesterday, I went there and happily thought I could have authentic SiChuan food. However, after eating there, I started to feel nausea at night and had diarrhea, and still felt very weak the next morning. So bottom line is: don't eat there if you want to stay healthy!!!Hmmm..a little perplexed at the selection of very good reviews here, maybe I was here on an off day?  Came here a few weeks back for dinner and was not really impressed.  We ordered the crystal wontons, which were a little bland and not really that amazing, the dan dan noodles which were tasty, but without much spice, as well as the sauteed green beans (also tasty but not without a lot of Sichuan flavor), and the shredded pork with dried bean curd (same deal).  Don't get me the wrong, we finished off everything, but if I hadn't known this was a Sichuan restaurant, from the flavors I would have sworn it was Cantonese food, which I love, but is not really known for spice and/or intense flavors.  
Willing to try again sometime though to see if maybe we should have ordered some of the other dishes.Very good Szechuan food in located in Chinatown of Philly. I had double cooked pork and poached fish in chili sauce..as well as dumplings and a spicy pork dish for appetizer. Everything was very flavorful and cooked perfectly. They also had very generous portions! I will definitely come back here to satisfy my Szechuan cravings.I like this place more after it change the new management. The restaurant looks clean n bright. The food are great n taste. The lunch specials are tasty n nice portion.The inside is dingy, which would be fine if the food were either really cheap or really good. However, it is neither. It's simply mediocre, and much too expensive for a place like this in Chinatown. A cold noodle dish (with barely any chicken) and 2 regular dishes - a too-small-for-$15 tofu casserole and shredded beef with peppers - somehow ended up costing us about $40, with barely any food left over. 
For "Szechuan" food, nothing we had here was spicy. At all. This isn't really Szechuan cuisine, it's more like a Cantonese-Szechuan bastard child. 
Meh. It was serviceable. Not the cheapest or best Chinese food ever, but probably better than some. Also, the service, in the form of surly old ladies in four rivers bowling shirts who look like they'd rather be playing mahjong, is perfunctory and not very attentive.Four Rivers is a Chinese sichuan-based restaurant.  If you order something on the menu that is spicy, trust me it'll be spicy like face sweating, flame-throwing breath spicy.  Make sure you tell the waitress how spicy you want it.  The food was amazing however except for the  Crispy Fish in Hunan Sauce, which was decent because there wasn't much meat on it.  The Eggplant with Garlic Sauce was good and tasty. The Spicy Beef Casserole was scorching hot because of its oily, spicy taste.  My 3 friends and I were sweating our faces off and using plenty of napkins because of it being that spicy.  I will be definitely returning to this restaurant because I am a fan of spicy chinese food.  Although they have spicy food, they have plenty of other dishes that are not spicy and tasty.  On average, each dish costed around $9 - $10.So not to far from where I work is this small almost missed spot on Race st. I walked in and wanted lunch.  I took a look at the lunch specials and saw mostly everything about $6.95 and it comes with rice and a soup or egg roll. I ordered the white fish "chinese" style. Took it back and devoured it. It smelled great, had a fresh taste with great flavor. 
A few weeks later, today, I went back to try the general tso's chicken. I also ordered steamed veggie dumplings (credit card is a min $10). I must say this was the best general I've had. the breading has a little sweet taste to it, fresh and not greasy, don very well, not over fried, not to saucy and not too spicy to which the red pepper on the menu depicts. I'm not a spicy guy at all and I forgot to say "not so spicy"  and it was perfect.
The egg roll didn't have any pork in it, the roll had fresh veggies, not greasy and a great crisp to it. its the best i've ever had. The dumpling were awesome, fresh veggies as well and not over steamed.
This is twice I've had great food and is definitely a go-to spot from now on. So far seems as though they strive on freshness and quality. I also would like to say the staff so far have been helpful. broken english but very helpful and you must be patient and work with the staff in describing or asking questions. I don't mind it at all, they are very nice.
The lunch I had today was so good that I had to stop and leave some for my fiance to try. I know she'll appreciate it. So stop in, nothing fancy, casual and have yourself some great quality food.