If you are looking for authentic, spicy and adventurous Szechuan food, this is your place.
They have low prices, fast delivery and I have loved everything I've ever ordered from here.  My favorite are their Mao Pao Tofu, spicy dumplings, and Szechuan green beans-all contain pork which is a plus in my book.
We usually order take out, which like I said is amazingly fast (20 minutes to logan sq area).  But if you go to the restaurant this is where the adventure starts...
If you like authentic china town experiences then come here, if you are looking for pristine american PF Changs this is not your place.  We went last saturday for lunch, a very friendly woman was mopping the floor when we arrived but promptly seated us and ceased cleaning.  This place is tiny, minimal A/C with take out beer.  There was a funny Chinese variety show on the TV and there were about 5 of the cutest chinese kids running around the restaurant....like I said it's an adventure.With so many options in Chinatown, it is easy to overlook this tiny gem of a restaurant.  Housed in a house, you can always find a nice cozy seat in this establishment (oftentimes you and whomever you come with will be the only customers), the staff is extremely efficient, and the food is exceptional for the price.  
I highly suggest trying it out on a weekday around lunch time - you can take advantage of their lunch specials (which include soup- the hot and sour is some of the best in Chinatown).  
Both friends that consider themselves to have a taste for ethnic food and friends that prefer more "Americanized" Chinese will find things on the menu to please their palates.  General Tso's is a crowd-pleaser for the less adventurous. Many of the dishes are spicy and pack a real punch - so if you are opposed to spicy food, be sure to note that when ordering and they will adjust accordingly. Their menu has many vegetarian options as well. 
This place is quite underrated, and I frequent it as one of my favorite spots in Chinatown.As much as it pains me to do so, I have to knock Szechuan Tasty House down by a star.  The food quality has been somewhat hit or miss over the last year.  When it is good, it is still very very good.  However, my recent orders have arrived with universally mediocre food about 30% of the time.  Last night, even my beloved dumplings in spicy sauce were an oversteamed, mushy disappointment!
On the plus side, they have added brown rice to their menu since my initial review.  I have not written STH off completely, and I really hope they step their game back up.  I would love to give that star back.What's gone wrong? We just ordered from here, and there is no other way to describe the food than just bad. Mushy noodles, strange spring roll flavor...The Szechuan Wontons saved this from being two stars, but I don't know that we'll be ordering from here again. =(
Now starts the quest to find a new Chinese place.I just had a weird experience here.  I went in expecting the same awesome food and great service as always.  We sat down and ordered and everything was fine until I tried to order Szechuan beef.  The server said, "why don't you try the Cumin Beef- it's really good".  I was hesitant because it was almost $4 more and i thought she was just trying to upsell...which is ok, but I like Szechuan beef usually because it has some vegetables in it and that was what I was looking for.  I told her I would get what she was recommending if they put some extra vegetables in it.  Then she told me--"It's really just American style--this one is better"  It was an awkward exchange and I felt strange about it.  It was like she was just not going to let me get the regular Szechuan beef.  So I went along- assuming she knew what was best.  
Big mistake.
We got our food in stages, perfectly timed.  Dang, Dang noodles- excellent.  Then Spicy Dumplings, also good- then 3 pepper Chicken- great...Then the beef dish that I ordered--kinda.
So the first, about, 5 bites were really good.  It was really aromatic and the sauce was thick--like a spicy red gravy.  It had lots of celery which was good because it did well for my veg craving.  But then I tasted some beef.  It was, well---a little off.  You know that rancid flavor when beef starts to turn?  It was like that.  I guess maybe she thought it would be covered up by the Cumin/Cardamom/Msg broth.  By the time I realized what I think happened, she had already asked us how it was and we said it was good...There was no complaining that I could muster...What do you say when that happens, anyway-- "excuse me, I think this meat is bad, but we just told you it was good but now that it's cooled down and our mouths have gotten used to the spice level- we can actually taste a rancid flavor...?"
So we just didn't say anything bad-- but I thought I would write this for anyone thinking of going there---I would stay away from the beef dishes- probably in general.  Everything else is great- really.  I love this place.  And if anyone from Tasty House reads this--Please, just next time say you're out of beef.  Customers are not stupid- just too polite to complain sometimes.The entrees here are easily better than your run of the mill Chinese joints. Unlike a lot of places, you won't unfold the top of your take out box and want a lifeguard to rescue your meat and veggies from drowning in sauce. The meats can be a little over breaded (what would Chinese food be without those mysterious fried pieces of nothing?), but it's not unmanageable.
Yet any time a restaurant cooks up something that ascends past the glut of like-minded dishes to "Best I've Ever Had," it gets a cherished 5 star. Here, that dish is the dumplings. The dough is lightly (keyword: lightly) fried and the pork is tender and flavorful.
In a narrow view, this makes Tasty House similar to a star athlete. They do one thing in life spectacularly and I love them for it. I defend them, rejoice in their performance and follow/borderline stalk their careers. If I could get a Tasty House jersey with "DUMPLINGS" on the back, I would.
Unless Tasty House goes on national TV to announce its decision to leave their hometown and take their talents to South Beach. Then Tasty House can tear its ACL and burn in ... Sigh ... No, still not over that. 
But at least I have my dumplings.Had a pretty good lunch here today, they have an extensive list of lunch specials on the back of the menu where you can get a platter and choice of soup for around $6.
I had the Three Pepper Chicken, which (like all of their dishes) is served with a large side of white rice, just enough to balance the heat of the spicy and salty soy sauce marinade. Each piece of chicken was stir-fried to a reasonable crispiness and the peppers (the milder, edible ones) had a nice char to them. Mixed with wilted green onions, charred garlic slices, and small bits of ginger (I think), I would order this dish again. With a starter of soup, it's an offer you can't refuse.
Only problem was, my dining mates each ordered the General Tso's Tofu and their dishes came out 20 minutes after my dish. I sat there, letting my plate reach room temperature before I began to fully enjoy it. Okay, so the food was pretty good all around, but when you're serving a table of 3, who are obviously not interested in "family style" dining at lunch, make sure you bring the food at the same time - heck even within 8 minutes would have been acceptable!I went here with a colleague from Taiwan to celebrate the lunar new year.  She warned me that it doesnt look attractive from the outside, but inside was very intimate.  I was presented the English menu and she was presented with the Chinese menu.  As was expected, the Chinese menu offered more authentic dishes going beyond chicken with broccoli or General Tsos chicken.  I let her do the ordering.  
Given that this is the year of the rabbit, we ordered the following:
1 - Rabbit soup.
2 - Singapore mei fun
3 - Steamed whole fish
4 - Sauteed Chinese broccoli.  
Everything was delicious.  Now, I know the thought of eating Bugs Bunny is enough to make many weary, but like they always say, "it tastes like chicken!"  It was served in a broth with mushrooms and bean curd.   The Singapre mei fun (noodles means long life) had me sweating, which I find unusual since my threshold for all things spicy is usually high.  
Given that it was new year, apparently its good to order a whole fish because the word for "fish" in Mandarin is a homonym for the word "abundance": may you have a prosperous new year.  The waitress informed us that she had to go to a nearby Asian market to purchase the fish -- so, it was certainly fresh!  It was served with thin slices of carrot and scallions, and the sauce was very light.  The rabbit soup and steamed whole fish are not on the English menu, but you can certainly order it.  
While they do accept credit cards, my dining companion informed me that if you pay in cash, you dont have to pay tax.  
The meal came out to about $25/person with tip.  
Will I come back?  YES!I am a fan of the Szechuan Tasty House. I love many items from their menu, especially items with their special spicy source. Even though they are not very authentic Chinese food (to be fair, I haven't had any so-called "Authentic" Chinese food so far in any restaurants in Philly. Probably there is no such thing in the US). They are one of the best from the Southwestern region of China. How do I know It's not very authentic?? For example, their "Szechuan Wonton" from the Appetizers is just the American style big thick Wontons that you can get from any neighborhood-corner-takeout restaurants. Don't even mention about that "CHEESE Wonton" (helloOo.. cheese?). Does that mean they are no good? No, not necessary (keep in mind that I can have standard wonton from everywhere), but I would rather get somethin' else from their menu. 
Here are a few items I get very often(and recommend you to get if & only if you can handle numbing hot):
Three Pepper Chicken is my #1 Love all time.  Love and Hate it at the same time. I hate it because it's relatively oily and unfitted to my regular (low-sodium) diet. At least I can NOT eat it as often as I want it: that is why I hate it. However, it tastes so freakin' good. Now even better, it's available on lunch special menu for only $6.50 (including rice & a soup of your choice. #L02 on the menu)
Ginger Shredded Duck is great dish for people who don't want spicy. The duck is very delightful. It is very different from the "traditional" roasted duck elsewhere. Also it's available on lunch special menu: #L08.
Whole Fish With Szenchuan Chili Sauce: OMG! Love it. It is very tasteful. A lot of red pepper on top of the WHOLE fish and the fish is "soaked" in the Szechuan chili sauce. Try it, however, you must know how to handle/eat a WHOLE fish.
Enough say! Try it yourself. You will like it. (oh, I forgot to mention one thing negative ... Tasty House seems to be a family owned restaurant, sometimes you will see little kids scoop around in the dining area).Nice little restaurant. The spicy chicken is really good.This bring the first time I have ordered from here I would say the experience was without fault as compared with some of the other reviews here. I ordered delivery yesterday and were surprised by the informative service over the phone and expected time delivery. We ordered the ma po tofu and the three pepper chicken and were very please with the spice and flavor of our dishes. Definitely making this one of my go to take out places.a great place to go for lunch and dinner, though may not every dish be the real szechuan food, most of them are very deliciousThis is by far, the best Chinese I've had in the city. While I mix up my entree choices, there are a few must get appetizers. The golden coins (eggplant, with pork and batter- deep fried.) dumplings in spicy sauce, and Szechuan Wontons are all worth trying....and reordering.I've been here several times but I personally feel the food quality has gone down hill in recent years. Owners are still the same so maybe the cook has changed. Recently came here with a group on a Saturday night around 7pm and the place was deserted!  We got several typical szechuan dishes that came out quickly. However the spicy level was either too little for some dishes and too much for others. Our fried seafood with salt and pepper was too mushy a sign of using oil that isn't hot enough for frying. 
For better spicy Chinese food, goto Han dynasty instead.I love this place. I have been going here regularly for a few years now. Szechuan Tasty House offers tasty food at a low, low price. You can easily have a full dinner for two, with soup, appetizers and entrees for under $30 (with abundant leftovers), and on top of that, it is BYOB. Don't overlook the atmosphere, there isn't much to it, but I'd say, it's worth trying and a great place for a low-key dinner. I have never had a problem with service, ever, nor is the restaurant slow to serve. For me, everything has been fast, hot and spicy. Another added plus, they are open late-ish, usually until around 11:30pm, I believe.
Favorite Dishes: 1. Dumplings in Spicy Sauce (my favorite): pork dumplings infused in a bowl of spicy garlic sauce topped with minced garlic; 2. Spring Rolls with shrimp, chicken and vegetables wrapped in thin, crispy rice paper; 3. General Tso's Tofu: the tofu is nice and crispy on the outside, slightly firm on the inside and in a delicious sauce with broccoli; 4. Beef with Black Bean Sauce: tender pieces of beef, sauteed mixed vegetables including carrots, snap peas, and mushrooms; 5. Pan Fried Udon Noodle with Beef and Vegetables (just tried this over the weekend, very tasty). Those are my favorite dishes, from what I have tried. Oh, and not really a dish per say, but I love the white rice. Nice and sticky. There are a few less than stellar dishes, though all that really comes to mind is the standard Wonton Soup, not the best. Will have to try some of the other soup offerings next time.The name ain't lying. This is a house of Szechuan tastiness. We stopped in last Sunday night around ten, quite bitter that we had to work on Memorial day. You know how everyone's out and about like, "Woooo! We don't have to work tomorrow, look at us, we're so great." Our envy left us quite hungry.
We inadvertantly crashed a 2 year old's birthday party. First we apologized thinking that they must be closed. The very friendly woman who was working there assured us that they were still open, just having a little party. Adorable. Even though everyone was speaking a Chinese dialect, they sang happy birthday to the little fella in English. 
Anyway, I stopped not minding my business when or food began arriving. It was a parade of good spicy stuff. I did my typical, "Make it hot for real. Extra hot. For real oK?" thing. I was happy they didn't take it easy on us. 
Pork dumplings in spicy sauce were good as were the "Dang Dang Noodles." The dang dangs were good but they were so different than my favorite Dan Dans from you know where. I'll tell you this, their soupy sauce was good on the extra white rice. We do what we please!
Three pepper chicken is quite good as well. Dried chiles, fresh green long-hotish peppers, sichuan peppercorns... Tasty House's twice cooked pork is made basically the same way, just ya know, with pork belly. Delicious pork belly. 
We also tried Chung Hing Pepper chicken. You know how it is when you get really, really good fried calamari, and the coating is so light an crispy without a trace of the oil it it deep fried in? That's what it reminded me of, chicken calamari fritti... but with chicken OK, and plenty of dried red chile flecked through the batter. I could eat them indefinitely outta a paper cone. Now there's a snack. And some cold Tsing Tao. We were mixing some of the excess fresh green chiles from our pork and chicken in. Good bites. Oh and I was very happy that we got the sauteed pea shoots too. 
Between the really sweet service and displays of cuteness and Szechuan Tasty House's hot and spicy specialities we were feeling a lot better about things. Mood lifted.
Our server said to my husband, "I hope you get paid double tomorrow!" "Good, she's on our side," I thought. Did I mention that we got 15% off because they were having an anniversary special or something? This was an entirely good experience.4.5 Stars!
I order delivery from here at least once a week. The 1st time I ordered was because of the great Yelp reviews, (been in Philly a month and a half)...the very friendly person on the other end of the phone even recognizes my voice (Hi Angela!). 
I didn't write a review right away because I couldn't believe that Szechuan delivery could be as fantastic as this... this place definitely lives up to its name! A great way to judge the quality of most take-out establishments is how well they do the basics. It's hard to believe that something as simple as pork fried rice usually gets messed up. At STH they've got it down to a consistent science. Every dish arrives hot and fresh...no pre-made steam table leftovers here and the hot and sour soup is a perfect balance of sour, savory, and heat.
This place has all of the great hallmarks of a legendary establishment. I haven't had such great Szechuan since I lived in San Francisco.I love just about all kinds of Chinese food:  from the americanized to the authentic, from the stir fry to the dim sum.  Still, something about the food at this place wasn't quite as satiating as I had hoped.  I went with four other people, and we shared our entrees.  Mine was definitely the best, and it wasn't listed on the menu.  I got a spicy shrimp dish, loaded with hot red peppers and tempered with some bamboo and snowpeas.  The fried tofu with a few crowns of broccoli tossed in was also pretty good.  
The server was nice, but her attention waned after we received our food.  Water glasses ran dry on many occasions, which wasn't very pleasant since our mouths were absolutely on fire.  Overall, our experience was just mediocre.Great little lunch spot in Chinatown.  Popped in here with a friend today, and was in and out in 45 minutes.  I got the eggplant in garlic sauce (what else is new?) with wonton soup and brown rice.
First, I love that they had brown rice and gave it to me without a fuss or an extra charge.  SERIOUS bonus points on that alone.
Second, the wonton soup didn't make me feel like I'd inserted an IV full of MSG, sodium, and pork fat directly into my veins.  Broth was light and flavorful, wontons were crisp and clean.
Finally, the eggplant was most excellent.  Tender but not mushy (a difficult balance to strike) with the perfect amount of chilis flecked through the sauce.
The best part?  All this for $7.  Lovin' this town right now...After a string of underwhelming experiences from my two usual Chinese delivery spots, I went on a Yelp quest to screen new candidates.  This led me to give Szechuan Tasty House a go.  I was encouraged by the positive reviews, as well as by the authenticity-suggesting grammar snafus on the menu.  My order was taken by a very friendly lady on the phone, and delivered by an equally friendly gentleman about 30 minutes later.
Based on the raves below, I ordered the dumplings in spicy sauce.  The dumplings themselves were pretty standard, but the kicky garlic/ginger/chili oil elevated them to a whole new level.  For entrees, we did chicken and broccoli, which was a nice execution of a simple dish with white meat chicken, tender-crisp broccoli and a light sauce, and also a spicy and delicious Szechuan style kung pao chicken.    All of the dishes tasted like they had just been specifically prepared to order, and not just scooped out of a vat.
There are just a few cons worth noting in my opinion.  Brown rice is not an option, but they are thinking about adding it.  The menu lacks crab rangoons, which I know are not Szechuan style (and probably don't honestly count asChinese food), but I love them and I missed them.  The prices seemed a touch on the high side, but the high quality and generous portions made up for it.  I will definitely be ordering again!Most consistent place I've found in Chinatown.  Since the demise of Lakeside (RIP Dim Sum Combo), I've flailed around searching for a go-to takeout in Philly.  I've found Shiao Lan Kung to be hit or miss in the sense of both what to order and having good and bad days . . . Szechuan Tasty House does not share this fault.
Full disclosure, I'm pretty much positive that I am physically incapable of ordering anything from a Chinese restaurant that isn't marked by the red "spicy" star, so I'm probably predisposed to Szechuan.  That said, I've given a number of different dishes a shot and have been pleased by fresh vegetables, relatively grease-free sauces, and good levels of spice.  The twice cooked pork was very good (it's fatty, but that's just the cut of pork used), and you'll not regret anything Szechuan or with Spicy Pepper .  The steamed dumplings are a little doughy, but the spicy dumplings are differently shaped and a better option.  If you have unadventurous friends or a hankering for Americanized Chinese, they whip up a mean General Tso's.
It's a good place to go with a large group, or for takeout on a lazy night.  Pay a few visits and the friendly family/staff will recognize you and greet you with warmth.  Perfect spot to become a regular.I brought my sister and niece here during the holidays to show them what an authentic Chinese experience tastes like and we were not disappointed at all. 
It's funny that none of the other reviews have mentioned it, but my go-to dish here is not the 3 Pepper Chicken but the Ginger Shredded Duck, which was what sold me on this place when I ordered it for delivery on my first experience with them. 
The Ginger Shredded Duck has delicious bits of julienned ginger and perfectly cooked slices of snow peas with lots of tasty duck as well of course. It's always a given when I go here now and I'm always glad to have it again when I haven't been here for a while.
We also tried the Crispy Fish Filet that has a very tasty sweet and sour sauce. It was great, though I don't know if it tops the duck above. 
Because we were with a 7 year old, we also decided to get some Sesame Chicken to keep her happy. This was funnily enough the least tasty thing we tried that night because the breading was fried to a hard shell. The pieces of chicken were so crispy that it was hard to tell it was chicken anymore. 
Again, to keep our young'n smiling we got her some vegetable fried rice to go with her chicken, and unlike most restaurant's veggie fried rice, this one actually had more veggies than rice. The veggies were well cooked and had a nice crunch to them still. Delicious. 
Because there weren't a ton of vegetables, we wanted to top off the meal with a vegetable dish. We were about to put in an order for Water Spinach, but the waitress suggested we try the Chinese Pea Leaves instead for my niece's sake. In the end my niece didn't really eat much of it, but my fiance and I were bowled over by how this dish took us right back to the tea valley in Taiwan where we first tried this on one of our vacations from teaching in Japan a few years back. It was delicious with just the right amount of salt and nice big slices of garlic. Seriously, a must try dish. 
Some might find it annoying, but I also find it really charming that the owner's kids are usually hanging out in the dining room working on their homework and occasionally helping their mom pick up empty dishes, etc. 
This place just makes me happy, and if you know what to get here, you'll leave feeling really full and like you just took a little culinary journey too.If I'm asked to choose one Szechuan style food place in Chinatown, this is it. Nice BYO place. Authentic Szechuan style food. The three pepper chicken is a must, and fish filet with Szechuan spicy sauce is also great.This place warrants 3.5 stars but 3.5 stars aren't allowed on yelp and I am a congenital down-rounder.  
Pros:  Reasonably priced, friendly service, entrees come with rice (white or brown).  Food was good and good and spicy.
Cons:  Our table was a little sticky, the beer selection is gross (Heineken Corona, and TsingTao), things were a tad too greasy, and the chicken was dry.
What we ate and what I thought.
Dumplings in Spicy Sauce:  these were fine but not as spicy or flavorful as other reviewers seemed to think.  The dumpling was tender and perfectly cooked, though.
3 Pepper Chicken:  Everything about this dish was delectable except the chicken itself, which was very dry.  The balance of sweetness and hot in the peppers was delicious.  They used some Shisito peppers which are my favorite.  
Double Cooked Pork:  Also a tad dry but extremely flavorful.  This was also accompanied by a pepper melange which was also delicious.  
I would definitely return to this place and definitely recommend it.They're 'Outta Here' -- Closed as of June 6, '13. A different non-Szechuan Asian restaurant is in its place--still using Tasty House's old phone #. I notified Yelp but evidently they haven't verified it yet.Ok Szechuan Tasty House...  Here we go.
Because I just recently moved, I am and have been (for two months) relying on Yelp to point me in the right direction of the best delivery food in the area I've moved to.  That being said, Yelpers pointed me in the direction of STH.
I read countless reviews, gathered ideas on popular dishes, and called to make it happen.  I ordered the Three Pepper Chicken, Spring Rolls, Vegetable & Bean Curd soup, and some Steamed Dumplings.  
I called at 7:04pm and the food didnt get to my house til after 830pm.  The woman on the telephone said it could take 50-55 minutes for delivery.  Ok. I called back after 830, and the woman on the telephone apologized and said she'd call the delivery guy.  The delivery guy called 5 minutes later and showed up around 845.  He, too, apologized.  I still tipped him because you never know what could have happened in the interm, and I wanted to keep an open mind after all the great reviews.
Wellllll... Worried that I'd open the bag to find luke warm food-WRONG!  The food was hot as it would be had it took any less time.  The three pepper chicken was damn good.  If you like spicy stuff, ORDER THIS!  The dumplings were pretty tasty too.  The spring rolls were a little bit greasy.  The soup was a-ok.
I will order again.  Hopefully this time the delivery time will be less.This food was so great, it would be worth another trip to PA! We got the wontons (they are not the fried kind that you might be looking for) and I had lo mein. Everything was great, really hot when it arrived, and the staff was nice....more like 3.5 stars. It's a pity Yelp doesn't allow for 1/2 stars in reviews, that would be useful. I should preface this review by saying that on the night we ordered in from Szechuan Tasty House, what I really wanted was Han Dynasty. But since they don't deliver, and we don't live nearby/have a car/were willing to go all the way over there to pick up take out, I found an alternative to try that actually delivers.
We ordered off of Seamless.com (I think next time I'll just call in), and expected a 30-45 minute wait for food. An hour later (grr), the delivery guy arrived and I was starving. We ordered the dumplings in spicy sauce (it was #2 item ordered online, so we figured why not?), dang dang noodles (why they're not called dan dan I was curious to find out), their whole fish with szechuan chili sauce, and my bf got wonton soup. More food than necessary for two people, but leftovers are awesome when ordering szechuan. 
So obviously my problem with the first bite of each dish was my expectation of something similar to Han Dynasty - that's not to say that the food is bad. The food is good! But it just doesn't quite compare overall. The dumplings are hopefully better when ordered at the restaurant and consumed fresh, but they are large and the filling (pork I assume) is flavorful. My bf seemed to enjoy his wonton soup, which is his method of evaluating the quality of any chinese restaurant. The dang dang noodles were...well, dang it they were entirely different than Han Dynasty's dan dan noodles! You look at the dish and it looks exactly the same, but the noodles are REALLY different in texture (I didn't like their texture personally) and the flavor is completely different and it wasn't very spicy despite our request that they make it extra spicy! However, the fish was killer. Spicy in the way anyone who loves szechuan peppercorns would want (I could do spicier, but my bf couldn't handle another level up). This place is cheaper than Han Dynasty, and overall the food is good, so if I'm craving szechuan and there's no way in hell we're getting over to Han Dynasty then I'll probably order again from here...but nothing beats Han Dynasty.Wow, lots of love for this place.  In fact, it was the love that Yelpers gave that had me not throw their 800 menus stuffed under my apartment door in the recycling bin.  I'm at a take it or leave it place right now.  If I want more authentic Chinese I'll order it up.   Note: My GF who loves "american" chinese hates this place.  
So, I've ordered from here 4-5 times for delivery.  Every time I was underwhelmed by my order, but there was 1 or 2 dishes (or parts of a dish) that made me want/wish/hope that the next order would be all-around solid.  The dumplings in hot oil are decent, with a sweet garlic and chili oil drowning the average-tasting dumpings.  The wontons in szechuan sauce are similar, but in a sauce not just oil.  The steamed dumplings are bad.  The filling has a cat food like texture and the flavor is off.
The entrees are totally hit and miss.  The twice cooked pork is extremely salty (you're going to see a trend here) and a bit fatty.  The three pepper chicken is good (if you like the flavor of pepper), hot, but again super salty.  The chicken in a spicy, tangy sauce is really tasty and less salty.  The golden coins (eggplant circles stuffed with pork and fried) were almost very good but overfried.  
Delivery takes a long time.  But there aren't a ton of places that'll deliver a full peking duck, and theirs is pretty good.Szechuan Tasty House is some of the best Chinese food I have ever had. We did it all. The dumpling with spicy sauce which are as good as everyone says as well as the 3 pepper chicken, golden coins, wonton soup, and the hot and sour soup. Everything we tasted was wonderful, well cooked and a real calm and enjoyable atmosphere. I will definietly be back soon!My prior futile attempt to get to this restaurant while it was open, combined with the good reviews from yelp raised my expectations for this place.
The food was unspectacular, I had the dan dan noodles, hot and sour soup, as well as the dumplings in spicy sauce that everybody mentioned.
The dan dan noodles weren't bad but no where near as good as Han Dynasty's version in olde city. The hot and sour soup was hot in temperature but not in spiciness and it wasn't sour either. I prefer a lil kick in my hot and sour soups, but that's just me. And the dumplings in spicy sauce were more like regular wontons in chili oil, it wasn't bad, but it's just not something I would crave for. 
 I'm starting to think this place tones down the spicy levels for the weaksauce customers. Or maybe four years of eating Dim Mak "the death touch" level of spicy pad thai in college seriously increased my spicy tolerance. 
In any case, the food wasn't bad but wasn't very good and that's why it's just a ok.Authentic fare from China's spiciest province.  And a very welcome alternative to the predominant, but generally also very good Cantonese cuisine in Philly's Chinatown. 
This stuff is very hot, but that is in keeping with tradition, and the szechuan pepper corn, which causes more of a numb, tingling sensation, won't be for everyone.  But it's authentic.  The shredded pork and beef brisket are our favorites, and all the noodles are can't miss.  
Only a variance in consistency prevents me from going with 5 stars.  The food is never, ever bad, but it is not always the same... as though different hands are at work in the kitchen.
But that's a quibble.  This place is what it says it is.  Nothing more, but that's enough.I've been in mourning of my precious Lakeside since the doors closed and can't seem to get over it.  On several recommendations, I tried Szechuan Tasty House recently on 2 occasions.
Really great stuff here.  Some of the szechuan dishes are spectacular, including (darn...I forget the name) of these super spicy pork "stew" sitting in a very spicy sauce.  The spicy dumplings were a great start also.
Beware a few items that just don't work, for me, ANY of the fried items.  The salt and pepper shrimp and orange chicken were way over-fried and over-battered.
Also, STH delivers a fantastic version of my all time favorite dish, Chow Ho Fun.  PERFECT!Wow.  I cannot remember the last time I had such bad food -- anywhere.  I ordered two items:
* Dumplings In Spicy Sauce
* Chung Hing Pepper Chicken
The dumplings were drenched in oil, and had no taste what so ever.  The only pro is that they were large.  But the amount of pork inside was small.  Just absolutely tasteless and mushy.
The chicken was even worse.  I only wish I could upload a photo of this dish.  It was dry.  No only was the chicken dry, really petrified, it was surrounded by so much fried-ness, which was as hard as a rock.  How hard, my dinner fork had problems penetrating the fried shell.
Lastly, and I'm not sure how this happened, but the white rice was awful too.  Dry and with a bad flavor.  Not your normal rice flavor.  It made me go drink  a Coke, because my mouth was complaining so much with its awfulness.Excellent Hot and Sour Soup... though I think they added a bit too much cornstarch to thicken it up for me. There were several kinds of mushrooms, I can't identify them but they were delicious.  It's refreshing to see restaurant use use something in addition to just Wood Ear Mushrooms.
Amazing(!!!) Hot and Spicy Dumplings. There was plenty of garlic. I found myself craving more dumplings after an hour and I was ready to order more the next day.  Please, please try them! I'd come here just the Dumplings.  Did I mention; "Try the dumplings!" ?
Vegetable Fried Rice was delicious.  You can detect a slight bit of Tamari or Soy-Sauce; my bet is tamari though it wasn't salty. I don't recall any egg as I've had in other vegetable fried rice; It was so flavorful I didn't miss it. The vegetarians probably don't want it anyway. The Peas, and real (not cubed) carrots, were a nice touch. I wished there were more vegetables but it was soooo tasty it can be forgiven. I'm giving the Chicken or Beef Fried rice a try next.  Finally a dish that featured Soy Sauce (or Tamari) that wasn't too Salty. Thumbs up.
I also ordered a Spicy Chicken and Broccoli (Extra Spicy) for a friend. The chicken was a little thin (cut in little strips) and there probably should have been more. They held back on the spice however the Broccoli was still great... perfectly cooked. It was still bright green (did they blanch it first?). While I wish there was more chicken, this was  a great dish. I wouldn't hesitate to recommend and order it again.
Given that my apartment is Chinatown adjacent, this was the first of what I know will be many visits. I've already recommended it to two friends.  Oh yeah... friendly customer service from the staff.The food at Szechuan Tasty House is good but their delivery service is terrible! After the 3rd time of delivery half an hour to an hour late, we will never order from them again. They shouldn't even offer delivery if they can't deliver.YES! I've finally found good Chinese food in Philly! After living in China for a year, I thought I'd be doomed to subpar Chinese for the rest of my American eating experiences. 
This is the best (aside from Nan Zhou Noodle House) Chinese I've had in Philly. It was spicy and salty and garlicky and flavorful! I had the pork in garlic sauce. This had mu er in it! (those are the black "wood ear" mushrooms that are a little rubbery and very common in China) I have not seen these in most Chinese American restaurants. Delicious!
The 3 pepper chicken was great and very authentic. It wasn't too spicy, even when you eat the red peppers. And if you avoid them, it'd be pretty medium. My only issue with this dish was that I expected with 3 peppers, that the third pepper would be the "ma" spice, the numbing little peppercorns, which I didn't detect.
Finally I had the dang dang noodles. I didn't know what to expect. It was minced pork and some scallions noodles. It was tasty but a little too salty.
I can definitely say I will be a regular from now on.My husband and I used to have a routine where we'd order takeout from STH once a week. I could always count on their Ma Po Tofu to set my taste buds on fire in a complex way. We had the best delivery guy, and life was good. 
Last night, I ordered the Szechuan style Kung Pao Chicken, and noticed it smelled kind of funky and off. I thought that might be part of the preparation and just started eating, when I noticed the chicken had a strange texture...like it was...uncooked. That's when I noticed all of the rice touching the chicken was stained pink. Like chicken blood. I went through and realized that it wasn't just dark meat, it was raw chicken oozing blood. GROSS.
When we called STH to let them know, they first tried to insist it was "a different kind of chicken", then when we told them they weren't pulling that over on us they said they would give us a $1 credit next time we ordered.
No thanks.I've eaten here once, gotten takeout a couple of times, and gotten food delivered to the Rittenhouse Sq. area a couple times.  Overall, I feel like they do some things very well, but there's some lack of refinement in other dishes.
The good: Dumplings in chili oil, twice cooked pork, string beans with minced pork, fu qi fei pian (or whatever it's called--tripe and kidney in spicy sauce).  The dumplings are doughier than I expect in dumplings, which I like, and the sauce is spicy but also somewhat sweet.  (Regular steamed dumplings were also good, with a thicker dough as well, and a tasty filling.  I don't know that they were anything particularly special though.)  The twice cooked pork is fatty in a good way, and it has a low level of spice that still creeps up on you.  The green beans had good "breath of the wok" and I could pretend I was being virtuous despite the pork.  The tripe and kidney have a great chewy texture, nice spice, and a nice floral thing going on from the Szechuan peppercorns.
The not so good: Three pepper chicken, Cumin beef, ma po tofu, golden coins.  Three pepper chicken was just hot on hot, and I wasn't prepared for it.  The version I had at Han Dynasty was a little more nuanced, although I wasn't a big fan there, either.  I recently had the cumin lamb at Han Dynasty, so I was expecting something similar.  Instead, this version was much spicier.  There was a bit more going on than just heat, but I didn't get much cumin.    I got the ma po tofu in a delivery order, and the container was greasy on the outside because there was a layer of oil on top of the stew.  I wish they'd used something else for spiciness because I felt like I was eating a bowl full of grease.  The golden coins were also just a bit too oily for me.  It's not like I object to greasiness (I mean, I like the twice cooked pork here), but it felt sloppy in a couple cases.
In the middle:  Dan dan noodles, conch in chili oil, pork with garlic sauce.  The dan dan noodles were okay, but they were a little mushy and hard to eat.  The conk was sort of rubbery, not bad, but it didn't do much for me.  The pork with garlic sauce was tangy and had more character to it than the versions at typical Americanized Chinese places, but it's not interesting enough for me to order for myself.
Service has been friendly, delivery is very convenient and pretty fast, and I've been relieved that there's never a language barrier (which I've dealt with at other similarly authentic ethnic restaurants).We stopped here during a recent expedition to Philadelphia, acting on the recommendations of a few locals and a prior (albeit much more low key) experience at the restaurant.
Located at the edge between tourist-Philly and Chinatown, this restaurant serves some of the best food in that part of town. The cuisine on offer is, as the name implies, Szechuan, so if you don't like spicy foods you may be better of going elsewhere.
We opted for an appetizer of the dumplings in spicy sauce (8 pieces per bowl, very nice to share with even groups). It was great. Warm pork dumplings, not too hard, not too soft, served with a dark medium-spicy sauce. The sauce was slightly garlicky and nicely offset the pork stuffing. Very nice, and for $4, a perfect starter.
Next I went with the sliced chicken with spicy tangy sauce, having been warned that the signature dish, the three-pepper chicken, would perhaps leave me in need of an icebath in the afternoon. The dish was great, very flavorful, with a creeping heat that only came in shortly before you finished eating. I enjoy a little tingling sensation in the lips, so long as I can actually taste what I am eating while I am eating it. This dish really satisfied it.
To go along with all this we opted for the home-made ice tea, which turned out to be a very strongly flavored and sugary lemonade/tea served in a take-out quart. Interesting choice but very flavorful and it served very well to extinguish the flames and support the spice of the dishes.
It should also be noted that the ingredients were, without fail, fresh, crispy, and nicely cooked, and that the restaurant has a very nice interior, a nice change from most of Chinatown.
A definite recommendation!This place is small and understated, but very comfortable with a family type mood and friendly staff that make you feel really at home.
You will often find it undercrowded and always relaxed in atmosphere. Seeing cute Chinese kids who are the staff's children sitting at a corner table playing with some paint set or board game is a common occurence that only adds to the great homey atmosphere.
This place has been reviewed by a few top notch Philly food writers and the proof is on the wall...literally. Framed there you can read 2 or 3 stunning reviews which will make you even more curious to start digging into the spicy fare for which this little place is reknowned. 
 I would suggest pretty much anything on the menu but a few of my favorites include for starters the amazing 3 pepper chicken. This chicken dish is so authentically Szechuan in taste and textures that it will blow you (At least if you're not from Szechuan Province China) away with scintillating tastebud-spicy-itis. The boneless semi-circular little chunks of chicken are seared to perfection from high heat woks..browned beautifully in a non-greasy, oil-based type sauce/marinade which has hot peppers..and HOTTER peppers and slivers of delectable, lightly fired garlic not to mention the real special kick, ASH TREE PODS! These things are crucial for authentic Szechuan spiciness or "ma la" as the Chinese say. Super sparkly and hot-in-your-mouth they will leave a truly numbing, exploding sensation on your lips and tongue respectively.
The flavor mix of this chicken dish is just outta' this world. Try it once (with 20 napkins/tissues and 4 glasses of water to survive the spice attack) and you will be permanently hooked. Fantastic. Another great dish has similar if not exact peppers/sauce/ash tree pods in the mix but has pork as the protein. This is called twice cooked salty pork and is pork-o-liciously good. Now, as good as it is, I suggest a little known self altering of the menu as was once recommended to me by a past wait staff girl. Just politely ask one of the always smiling and friendly girls who are the staff there to exchange the pork for beef. Now you'll have twice cooked salty beef. This dish is salty as it's name declares and full flavored with the kick of the 3 pepper chicken but a diiferent tang of flavors as the peppers, garlic and ash tree pods mix with the beef taste and create something very different than the chicken dish. Salty, beefy, spicy HEAVEN. I suggest a soup appetizer of your choice (all good!) A close Chinese friend of mine always lawds the seafood dishes as being excellent when we go there together and notes they make her feel as if she was in China with her Mom's homemade seafood concoctions. What else could support the cuisine at this place better than that?!!
I also love the dumpling appetizer with the red/sweet/tangy/spicy sauce...a unique sauce which I've only come across here which among other things has fresh crushed garlic and ginger teaming throughout the sweet mix. Yummers.
Hot tea is given with each meal and ice water upon request. They of course have sodas and what not but most people I have noticed just have water to cut the flaming edge off the peppers or since it's a BYOB they bring a bottle of wine or some beers and are good to go. 
 Whatever you do, if in Philly for a visit or if you already live here and haven't tried it, take a stroll into the Szechuan Tasty House for a truly delightful, spicy, gastronomic treat which you will not forget!  Addicting food and friendly, comfy, understated surroundings will lure you back again and again...and again...and....well you get the picture!  Enjoy!Get something Szechuan, because as the name  implies, this is what they specialize in.  The rather extensive menu here showcases many standard Chinese items, as well as interesting, less common, Szechuan fare.
Everything we tried had a nice amount of spice to it and good portions.  And it really is a house...when you go inside, you feel like family.  It's BYOB as well, so come supplied with a nice IPA or Pilsner to cut the heat.After 10 years of not eating chinese food, one of the places that has helped me rediscover this amazing cuisine.  I love the noodle dishes, though I've tried and liked whatever has been at the table.  Some of the hot dishes left my friends red faced and sweating, but they always want to go back and order them again.  
The staff is always welcoming, portions are generous, each dish tastes different, and the place has had room for us every time we've been there.Having recently moved back to Philly and frequently being downtown, I was looking for a go-to Chinese restaurant. After sampling the fare here and there it was my fellow Yelpers that led me to the Szechuan Tasty House. 
Upon some positive recommendations I ordered the three pepper chicken. I am now an addict for this dish. One should know however that this dish is super hot but if you are like me and like your spices hot then this is a dish for you. 
The chicken comes in chunks that are stir fried to a nice crisp. There are three types of peppers and delicious fried garlic. The rice at Tasty House is some of the best rice I've had. It may seem like a small thing but really its not. I love sushi and I love sticky rice. Their rice sticks in clumps just right. The spring rolls are good also as are the wontons in spicy sauce.Just got delivery from this place after seeing the positive reviews. The food legitimately tasted like it was microwaved leftovers from last week. Very dry and tough. It's hard to mess up General Tso's chicken and Sesame chicken but this was just awful.Szechuan tasty house is the best takeout for the fan of spicy chinese cuisine. First you need to order the dumplings in spicy sauce. The Sliced chicken in spicy tangy sauce appetizer is also delicious. In the main menu I would suggest trying the sliced pork with spicy sauce, the 3 pepper chicken, the sliced chicken with tangy sauce(this is an entre version of the appetizer i mentioned), & the dragon and the phoenix. Each comes with a different vegetable mix that perfectly compliments the main course.  And for those of you who only order one thing, the General Tso's chicken and shrimp is very good here.
The portions are huge.  Most entrees are about $8 and they contain enough for 2 meals (I am 6'6" 235lbs so figure that into your portions).
 If you really like spicy chinese tell them to make it extra spicy and it will be a real snot sniffing experience.  Once in a while you get this small container of what must be some secret chinese red pepper death oil with seeds in it with your order that is like chernobyl level hot.  I'm not sure what this is or how they decide you get some, but it is something special if you are a fan of heat.
The guy who delivers is a middle aged chinese guy on a moped and he is very nice. Once he finds your place it is never more than 30 minutes for delivery, and often less.Their Ma Pao Tofu dish tastes like spicy-mint vomit. No, but seriously...imagine a Chinese brown sauce smothered in pesto. Now imagine it in your mouth.
At least the fortune cookies were stale!My first review!!! here goes..
I ordered the 3 pepper chicken and it's as advertised.  Spicey!!
I have a habbit of ordering shrimp fried rice when ordering from a new chinese restaurant to me.  I guess it's how I gauge their cooking and let me tell you Szechuan Tasty House did not disappoint. 
1. The 3 pepper chicken had tons of chicken and peppers.
2. The shrimp fried rice was delicious it had peas and carrots and plenty of shrimp and judging by the color they looked fresh.
3. I also ordered spring rolls they were tasty as well.
The food arrived earlier than the 30 minutes I was quoted and by the owner no less. It was very hot and the oder coming from the bag was driving everybody at work cryazy..  I called back to request plates and a fork and the young lady who answered the phone was accomodating  and very polite.
If I have one complaint it would be that their prices are a tad high. 
Other than that Great food and Great service.the food was really good. not your average bullshit-american-frozen-every-restaurant-is-the-same chinese place. this food actualy has flavor. one of the few places in the world that has good hot and sour soup.We got delivery on New Year's Day and it was awesome!   In fact, the best Chinese takeout we've had in Philly.  The Beef Chow Fun was fantastic.  Add in the spicy chinese cabbage, seafood hot and sour soup, and prawns in szechuan chili sauce, and you have some very happy campers.  Wonderfully spicy and complex.  I will order again!Food was exceptional!  I ordered  Kung Poo tofu, xtra spicy.  It was actually xtra spicy!  The food is most definitly made to order.  The quality is good.  I've ordered tofu dishes at many chinese restaurants.  This was easily the best I had!  It's a very small place, but worth it!I've eaten here three times and everything has been delicious. I love their hot & sour soup, and the Gen. Tso's tofu is sublimely tasty (even 2nd day cold leftovers, right out of the fridge!) Cheap, open late, and BYO, this has lately become my fix for American-style Chinese cravings in the city.Ugh! Sorry STH but WTF? you are never open when you say you are.  What's the point to having a favorite Chinese place if you can never order at the right time ie now, a wednesday with an all-nighter with my laptop ahead of me....fail fail fail.After a kitchen mishap forced us to order some takeout, we decided to give Szechuan Tasty House a try.  I suppose from the start, the name kind of threw us off a bit...we were thinking numbingly authentic Szechuan - think Han Dynasty. Unfortunately, that wasn't the case this time.  As the past reviews on here recommended the 3 pepper chicken, we decided to give it a try.  I called to place the order and attempted to ask if there were Szechuan peppercorns in the dish - the kind that create the characteristic numbing effect.  Unfortunately, she didn't understand and I resorted to "spicy please!"
Seeing that it was a nasty rainy night, I guess it shouldn't have come as a surprise to me to find the restaurant completely empty upon our arrival- our food ready in a bag on one of the restaurant tables.  We paid and headed home.  
Back at home, we were ready to devour our food.   First the 3 pepper chicken- after picking around the jalapeos to find the chicken, we concluded that it was actually pretty tasty and very very spicy.  We were disappointed at the lack of Szechuan peppercorns- perhaps it was just that we ordered the wrong dish... I knew better than to eat the jalapeos whole, my significant other however, ate these peppers whole, and definitely regretted it later. 
The vegetable lo mein was likewise disappointing.  The noodles reminded me of spaghetti and the vegetables seemed frozen, rather than fresh. The dish also was a bit dry for lo mei, looked like it had been made two days ago, and pretty much lacked taste in general.  
To top it off, both of us ended up with upset stomachs the next morning. Unfortunately, I don't think we'll be returning anytime soon.seafood hot pot was pretty good and spicy. Noticed they have things like tripe, pig's feet, and kidney on the menu; which are clearly not "Ameri-chin" food, so I saw that as a positive sign..  the place could use some more frequent cleaning, particularly restroom which was kinda dirty although not horrible.  reasonable prices.I admit it.  Although I like to be spontaneous, I'm actually a creature of habit.  So, when I find something good, I go back again and again (or have it delivered again and again).  Schechuan Tasty House has become such a habit.  And to make matters worse, we always order the same thing:  szechuan hot and sour soup, szechuan dumplings and three pepper chicken.  Not only is the food tasty, but the delivery is prompt and courteous.  Needless to say, I have no plans to break this habit.Not bad. Solid Hot and Sour Sour Soup and spicy homestyle tofu is great. Ask for it "extra spicy" and you shall receive. I've had the Ma Po Tofu but wasn't enamored of it and will probably not order it again.
The lunch specials are pretty cheap. I think $7 for an entree, soup and drink. The dinner prices are pretty standard too. 
This spot is close to work and a reasonable distance from my train station so I will often stop on my way back to Jersey for convenience sake. The chinese here is much better than anywhere near meNot sure how authentic the food is compared to any other chinese but it certainly tastes more authentic then other Chinese restaurants outside of Chinatown.  The service is very quick either sit down or take out.  They are also very friendly.Szechuan Tasty House is definitely above average.  If you like spicy food I recommend a dish called Three Pepper Chicken.  This dish is prepared with a very tasty brown sauce and has enough heat to make your nose run.  The dumplings in spicy sauce are also quite good.-- DELIVERY ONLY --
Great choice for Chinese! I've eaten the veggie dumplings, scallion pancakes, chicken/beef chow fun, and the beef lo mein - all done very very well. They don't use too much sauce, so you're not feeling disgusting after finishing the meal. Speedy service. 
Veggie dumplings (which are my favorite) are filled with crispy, fresh-tasting bits of yumminess; scallion pancakes were a bit oily but good; the chow fun is perfect. Chow fun reminds me of my favorite dish, Lad Nar, and this place cooks the broad noodles just right. Both the chicken and the beef left me very satisfied; beef lo mein was great, too. 
Delivery time is average, but worth the wait. Very friendly over the phone. This is an extremely solid choice for Chinese - unless they mess something up I have no reason to order from anywhere else. Try it yourself!Szechuan offers both familiar Chinese dishes and some more exciting ones. The regular menu has countless dishes under $10 and a Monday- Saturday $6 lunch special that includes an entree, rice, and soup.
The dumplings in spicy sauce were a fantastic start to the meal. Eight, tightly packed dumplings are covered in a very garlicky sauce. These slippery guys were hard to hold on to with chop sticks, but that made every bite even more rewarding.
Golden coins,fried circles of eggplant are stuffed with a dumpling- like filling of pork and veggies, are awesome- get it.I recently saw a travel/cooking show that mentioned Szechuan cooking, namely the emphasis on the chili pepper. This got me craving for some good Chinese food, and the name Szechuan Tasty House came up pretty quickly in my online search. The dumplings in spicy sauce are definately the best dumplings I've ever had, with a rich chili aftertaste. 
After 8 dumplings I couldn't even start to think about my Szechuan Fish Filet, which tasted great but will have to be reheated as left overs later tonight.Horrible, Frustrating, Delivery Experience!
I had orderd from here once before and it was OK.  Not great but also not terrible for delivery takeout and not having to go to Chinatown to pick it up.  
Last night I called for an order and I was told that they were busy and it would be about an hour, OK I was willing to wait.... after all it was only 5:30 PM.  TWO hours later, TWO follow up phone calls inquiring about where my food was we were still waiting! Not only could I have watched an entire movie while waiting for my dinner that didn't show up until 8 PM but it was TERRIBLE.  The food was old, dried out and ice cold! 
Never again Szechuan Tasty House, Never Again!!!1.  The guy got a bit lost so by the time we got our food it wasn't warm.
2.  General Tso's Tofu was tasty, but a bit too sweet.
3.  Cashew chicken was good.  Really fresh tasting veggies.  
4.  Veggie dumplings are awesome.Great food, Szechuan Hot and Sour for two was great as was the Szuchuan Triple Harvest.  I loved it but my girlfriend thought it was too spicy.  She said she would ONLY eat here again if they could make the food less spicy.  I, on the other hand, loved everything!I am a regular here for lunch and occasionally for dinner.  The food is awesome and prepared fresh.  The service, like in a lot of chinese family run restaurants is off and on.  The food outweighs the service by any means.  The food is authentic so if you are used to processed whitewashed chinese then you should go somewhere else.  Spicy dishes are like fire and the other dishes are just as they are put on the menu.  Simple szechuan food cooked to perfection.I was really excited to go to this highly rated Szechuan restaurant (Szechuan is a rarity in Philadelphia's Chinatown).  I ordered 2 entrees and a hot and sour soup for take out.  I paid for the meal, but then realized it wasn't right.  I immediately said there has been a mistake.  As anyone knows, hot and sour is a pretty simple, cheap soup, but they charged $6.50 (rather than $1.50) for it!  I asked to see a menu, and showed them that it says $1.50 for a cup of hot and sour.  They insisted that I order the "Szechaun Hot and Sour" for $6.50!  I couldn't believe it!  I told them to please change it, and they insisted that the order was already put in.  (Anyone who's been to a Chinese restaurant knows that they have a huge vat of soup just sitting there that they heat and ladle into a bowl.)  I kept insisting, but they didn't give in.  So I thought, maybe Szechuan style will be good.  When I got home to eat the food, it was all pretty good...except for the soup.  It tasted exactly like Hot and Sour, but it had a few extra miscellaneous "chunks". 
I called them up stating that I felt taken advantage of.  The woman insisted that there was a difference...there's SHRIMP in the Szechuan style.  I only saw two very tiny shrimp in there, and the soup wasn't particularly good.  I was on the phone for about 15 minutes explaining to this woman (who clearly couldn't understand English) that I enjoyed the food, but this was a mistake on their part and I'd like a $5 refund.  She refused. 
After about 15 minutes she said she could only give me $1.50 credit as this was the cost of the regular hot and sour soup I had intended to order.  I explained that $6.50-$1.50=$5 (the credit I felt I was owed) and she seemed to completely misunderstand my simple math. I further told her that the soup itself was not good, and that I could make better hot and sour, to which she protested "My husband made that soup!"  I told her that if I did not receive the credit, I'd never come back, which was unfortunate since I really enjoyed the entrees.  But her stubborn stupidity, would not give in.  They lost a frequent customer over $5 and two shrimp.I have no idea what everyone is talking about!  This place was horrible!!!!!  We tried it once and will never order from here again.
The food had NO taste or flavors at all and the sauces (or lack thereof) were watery.  The meat didn't even look fully cooked.  I could go on and on, but my advice is DON'T EAT HERE.  
We should have known better than to order from a place whose menu says "We Delivery" on the front!!!!!!!After a long day at the outlets for the GF and a long day of catching up on Fringe for me, neither of us wanted to cook dinner. So - we decided to go for some Chinese takeout. Our mainstay Chinese takeout place is Square on Square. During our two years in Philly, we simply haven't found a place that is 'decent' enough to compare. Compared to my 25+ years in NYC though, I'm sorry to say that I have not found any place that offers great Chinese food (Americanized or not) for takeout. If only Han Dynasty delivered ...
In our chance to discover something unique - we decided to play Chinese food takeout roulette. How does that play out? I simply go on GrubHub and choose a random place that we have not yet tried. Unfortunately the GrubHub reviews are deceiving .. and to be honest ... you can't really trust any of the other reviews out there at first glance since there are the masses that will consume mass-produced Americanized Chinese food without any care to actual taste or textures. And we didn't have the time to go through to vet the quality of reviewers out there (Yelp Elite or not!) - we were simply too hungry!
So we settled upon Szechuan Tasty House ... tasty indeed .. I mean, out-deed?
Cheese Wonton ($4.50)
Crab rangoon? That's pretty much what this tries to emulate - we've essentially got cream cheese inside of  a wanton wrapper, which is then fried. Unfortunately - the frying was pretty poor - the dough was thick, chewy, and to be frank - a bit limp. The innards were decent - but how do you get cream cheese wrong? The accompanying duck sauce was prototypical of any Chinese takeout place.
Sesame Chicken ($8.95)
This sesame chicken was crispy - but in a tough way. Quite stringy, the chicken was not juicy at all. As you can see in the bottom portion of the picture, the sauce was wet - there was no substance to it other than an inherent garlic taste. The broccoli was limp and insipid. Overall, the dish was sweet, which is typical for Sesame Chicken.
Vegetable Lo Mein ($6)
This Lo Mein did not taste very fresh at all. The noodles were limp and had no texture. The dish included a lot of veggies including sprouts, red onions, and broccoli, however they did not have much flavor to them. There was an underlying heaviness to the dish as well - as though the grease of the pan had integrated itself into the entirety of the dish. Not exactly appetizing.
Sauteed String Bean w/ Minced Pork ($8.95)
The string beans did have a nice snap to them. However, the minced pork was waaaaay too salty. The dish had the occasional sliced raw garlic, which I appreciated, but I can see how that would not be everyone's cup of tea.
Delivery service was fine though nothing to write home about. GrubHub informed us that the meal would take approximately 45 minutes. It arrived close to an hour later. The delivery person left the bag with the doorman rather than waiting for us to come down.
Overall - you get what you asked for, not necessarily what you wished for. The GF and I played Chinese food roulette - hgh risk and high reward. Unfortunately, there was no reward to be had here. The portions are plentiful and the prices are decent. However, the taste was simply not there. Here's to another two months of never wanting to order Chinese takeout, though I'm sure we'll be back.Ambiance:  Small space but it is clean and has nice modern (not from the 80's or 90's) aesthetic.  There is always some sort of Asian show playing on the television and a bunch of little girls (assuming the owners/workers' children) hanging out together and playing games at a table in the corner.
Food:  Do not go here if you want American Chinese food.  Whoever said that the General Tso's Chicken was good here - is lying to you.  It was way too battered and the meat in the middle was mush.  However - if you want to go here for super spicy and non-American dishes - you have struck gold.  I have a family that loves to eat super super spicy, and after picking a spicy dish from each protein category - our tongues were literally numb (if feels like you burned it by drinking tea too early and it was still boiling hot).  On top of the incredible spice, there was terrific independent flavor.  I would totally recommend the 3 Pepper Chicken, and one of the spicy shrimp dishes.  Singapore mei fan was typical.  I will absolutely frequent this restaurant.
Service:  When placing a take out order by phone, the woman was helpful and kind.  When picking up the food, service was quick and polite.
Overall:  I am super excited to find a place with "blow me away" levels of spice.  I would not order American (pseudo Chinese) dishes.  Some items are on the more expensive side (why are people always so amazed by the Golden Coins?) and don't really need to be - but other items are priced appropriately.a friend and i came here for lunch before some grocery shopping in chinatown. it was so empty when we came in, i thought it might be closed at first. but it was 1pm on a saturday.
we ordered the kou shui ji (um, saliva chicken?) and the shui zhu niu rou (water-boiled beef?). the chicken came out extremely dry and flavorless, with maybe a HINT of spicyness. but i really couldn't tell cuz i was too busy gagging. the beef was MUCH better, had the right level of fire and flavor.
i guess dishes here are hit or miss. this is why i usually stick to beef or pork when eating out, so much more inherent flavor than chicken.
prices are typical for restaurants in chinatown. i wouldn't call them cheap, but then again, most restaurants in this city aren't cheap compared to other cheap eats in major metropolitan areas. be prepared to spend about $15/person for lunch.I found out about this place by googling "best mapo tofu, philadelphia" and some Yelp reviews and other reviews popped up. I brought along four friends, including one who can not handle much spice (I know, right? what was I thinking?)
My friends were late, so I spent the time reading the reviews and awards hanging on the wall and perusing the menu. By the time they showed up, I had decided our menu: dumplings in spicy sauce, golden eggplant coins, mapo tofu, 3 pepper chicken and two other dishes they could choose to include the spice-intolerant. They chose Triple Delight with Spicy sauce and a chicken noodle dish. 
The spice-intolerant who chose the noodles said they were bland. Well, duh. The Triple Delight was chosen because the friend enjoys that dish and uses it as a comparison. He said it does not compare to his favorite place, but it was well-made and he enjoyed it. Those two dishes, along with the eggplants, served as our non-spicy complements.
The eggplant coins were delicious! Probably our second favorite, after the dumplings in spicy sauce. However, the sauce with the golden coins was uninteresting, and we used the remaining dumpling sauce with it. That spicy dumpling sauce is amazing. I would drink it like a milkshake.
The mapotofu was tongue-tingling numb, like a good szechuan peppercorn dish! I enjoyed it, but my friends who had never had the peppercorn before had mixed reviews about the sensation. And one friend who had peppercorn before said he felt it was too strong of a sensation compared to his previous experience. Nevertheless, I enjoyed it, including the silky texture of the tofu and the fine mince of the meat. 
 It seems to me that most folks get take-out (both from reviews and my experience seeing a lot of delivery orders prepared). I would go back for when I want that peppercorn experience, especially for the dumplings. Though, I think Dim Sum Garden will remain our go-to Chinatown joint.
Oh P.S. It is BYO, so bring either a white wine or cold beer to counter the spice!Needed a quick food delivery after a short road trip to Philly. Enter STH.  
Here's a quick rundown...
+ Order online
- Szechuan Wonton was just a wonton with some hot oil and a ton of garlic on top
+/- Tofu w/ Homemade style {---- what does that even mean!?!  Basically, it was tofu with hot peppers, peppers and onions. Not bad, but nothing special. The heat was legit though.
- House special soup {----- again, no description. Seemed like a bunch of rando ingredients dumped into a plastic container and covered in a bland broth. Skippable.
A very average spot, especially for the Chinatown of Philly. If you're not in a rush, you can def find better in the area.I think this may be the best Chinese food I've had yet in Philly.  I've been mostly avoiding Chinese foor here because to too many bad experiences with greasy, MSG-ladden, flavorless or just plain weird food.  
I got the garlic eggplant and it was good.  Lots of eggplant!  It was affordable, tasty and cooked just right.  The egg drop soup was alright too.  The waitstaff are very friendly and though I got take-out, the interior was modern, clean and atmospheric.
I'm not sure if this place uses MSG or not, but I don't feel headachy like I usually do after eating Philly Chinese.
I think I have a go-to for Chinese finally!I really like this establishment.  Its a humble place that makes really good food.  I ordered takeout and the Szechuan-ness of it all hit the spot. 
 I was actually mad that I got full and had to put away leftovers, as I wanted to keep stuffing my mouth with spicy, slightly tangy chicken.