Was down #southphilly area starving and found this lil neighborhood gem... very friendly and #baconeggandcheese sandwich was banging!! #tandnhomemadekitchen #philly #PhillyFoodThis place is tucked away on Moyamensing Street, but it's easy to locate. Street parking only. 
On the recommendation of other Yelp reviewers, we stopped here en route to an afternoon Phillies game. Got one of the best cheesesteaks I've had!  Excellent fresh roll, and full of meat. Very friendly service from a stereotypical older South Philly lady who chatted about the Phillies while we waited for the sandwiches. 
Only negative is that they don't seem to be open very late. Stopped by after the game (5-ish) hoping to take a couple hoagies home for dinner, but they were closed.Got breakfast delivered and it was VERY good! Ordered again and when I picked it up, the place kinda smelled, bad sign. That order was not good and would not order from there againDisappointed. I ordered a chicken ceaser wrap and there was a ton of lettuce and very little chicken  and this was after I  waited  more than an hour for it to be delivered. The delivery driver called me three time because he was lost so I ended up walking a block.  It wouldn't have mattered if the food was good.Amazing breakfast; highly recommend to everyone to check this place out. Next time I am n Philly - they will have my business again.If you would like to experience joy on a Sunday morning, I have but one suggestion:  get the Chili Tot Scramble.  I expected this to be a good hangover meal, but it was much more.  Homemade tots (fried mashed potatoes, essentially) covered in delicious chili, eggs your way, and cheese.  I think there was some extra hot sauce on it, too.  It's hard to express the glory of this dish. Just order it.
Unfortunately, my vegetarian boyfriend's Grik omelette was just okay with a side under seasoned potatoes.  But it lobed the chili tots so much I almost don't care what he thought.  Make a veggie version of those!!  Delivery was faster than expected and the food arrived hot.  Can't wait to eat that delicious bowl of goodness again!I'm so thankful to have styled upon t&n! When I went in it was very quaint and friendly. I only went in for a normal egg breakfast - and was blown away.  They make their own spicy ketchup that is insane and I'm obsessed with their version of tater tots - they're like fried mashed potato balls - gotta try them! 
Try one of the fried chicken and waffle cupcakes - they're life changing!Excellent little spot for take out and delivery. Some really inventive menu items. It's a go-to for breakfast. I have never had better creamed chipped beef. Delivery is always reasonable length of time and food always arrives still hot.Outright charming and very local. My family and I had brunch here and would have paid more than the extremely generous menu charged for what we got.  Thank you to Molly!To be clear, I want to review their catering service not the actual kitchen, which my husband and I visited and enjoyed eating the tater tots and cubano.
Now I don't usually post yelp reviews bc it's time consuming and I figure people will figure it out for themselves. But my experience with the catering side was ... review worthy. I feel I have to share just for those brides out there making many!!! and stressful decisions that impact their very special day. I'm gonna try to list the things that could be improved upon for feedback bc my intent is not to be malicious but helpful.
1. The initial process was good, Michael was quick to respond and set up a date to try food and talk pricing.
2. After our discussion, he told me he would send a contract as soon as it was done. One month went by- and no contract. I would email or call and he would say he was really busy and he was just working on it. That continued for the months leading up to the wedding- and by 3 months I should have started looking else where, but they came recommended and fit our budget.  This lasted until we were one month away from the wedding, and several verbal confirmations that he would be there for us no matter what. At that point, there was no turning anywhere else bc who else would cater one month from a wedding???
He ended up giving me the contract for the rehearsal dinner the day before the dinner. and the contract for the wedding, ON THE DAY OF THE WEDDING!!!! what bride wants to do that on the day of the wedding? especially considering it was to have been done months previous?
3. At the start of the process, I was assured rentals would be included into the budgeted price, but when I finally saw the contract- the DAY OF- it was $500 over budget- which for a budget conscious wedding is  A LOT. He negotiated it down, but had I known that it would be that much more, I would have foregone the tables to begin with and worked with what was at the venue. We couldn't discuss those kinds of changes before the rentals arrived bc I didn't know that the price would be that much over. I had such a great wedding week, besides this whole interaction- and any brides out there, I know making sure your caterer of all things is in order will make a big difference in the last days before the wedding.
4. Tardiness. They were late- and it was by enough to stress out my wedding coordinators, though they didn't tell me about it until after the honeymoon.
5. Clean-up. It was my understanding that this would be taken care of- but they did a shotty job and my family (sweet people that they are) stayed after to help the wedding coordinator fix up the place. An item was accidentally taken and any attempt to retrieve it by my coordinator has been met with unkept meet ups and now- radio silence.
6. The cherry on top: The rental tables that were over budget- were STILL AT THE CHURCH ONE WEEK LATER. The poor church, they had no idea what was going on, and my wedding coordinator, saint that she is went to meet him at the church and he never showed.
Now again, I didn't eat much of the food at the wedding. I don't know if they made up for all of the above with food like they serve at the actual diner-  but the point of it is, with business... with GOOD BUSINESS...
communication and follow through are two things I believe are very important.
That being said, I would NOT use them again for a catering event.My coworkers and I order lunch take-out here almost weekly.  The hoagies are AMAZING.  My absolute favorite is the Old-Fashioned Italian; I haven't found a better hoagie anywhere!YUM! YUM! YUM!!! We ordered a Sopressata hoagie, Better than Pete's tots and a crab cake sandwich. The tots WERE OUT OF THIS WORLD! I've never had anything like them. We will definitely be ordering from T& N again.There is something special about a place that can dish out Chili Tater Tot Scramble while the proprietor and chef discus the finer points of Steak Veloute, where regulars know each other by name, and where Bobby Darin croons Mack the Knife in the background.  
Food was tasty and interesting and the perfect treatment to revive this body after a night out- homemade mashed potato tater tots were a highlight.The worst experience. I tip 2 bucks to the delivery guy and he yelling for more tips. He stopped calling my phones and yelling until I gave him 4 bucks.We chose this place because of their Yelp reviews because we are out of towners. We were lucky to come on a Monday morning as seating is very limited. I had the protein sandwich- egg whites, turkey bacon and greens (broccoli rabe!!) with Swiss on toast. So delicious- I'll be disappointed when my next breakfast sandwiches don't have broccoli rabe. We had a side order of the homemade tots and they were wonderful. As we were waiting for our food we kept checking out the menu and decided to get a hoagie to go for lunch later in the day. This is only our second time visiting Philly- but we will be back here when we visit again!T&N catered a party this weekend for me. I will absolutely use them again. We had the vegetable tray, fruit tray, pepperoni & cheese, pretzel tray, potato salad, tomato/mozzarella/asparagus salad, cheesesteak eggrolls, and cubano sandwiches. The presentation was excellent and so was the food. Michael was so friendly and easy to work with and he even delivered everything himself. I have nothing negative to say at all!I'm sad!! All the reviews looked good. I had a hockey puck of an onion ring, a tasteless turkey special with about a dab of sauce on it and floury paste covered tater tots. I was so excited for some good comfort food.Try the tater tot chili omelet. It's amazing! I highly recommend T&N for any occasion but especially for breakfast. You can't miss with this quaint South Philly spot. Tell them Stefano sent you.Good sandwiches and friendly service.  The cheesesteaks, chicken cutlets and eggplant parms are reliable lunch fare.  I was really surprised by the Italian Tuna hoagie.  Rather than a standard tuna salad, it had tuna soaked in olive oil with onions and black olives.  Very impressive.  
One of the best lunch options in the no-man's land between Oregon and the Navy Yard, West of Broad.their food is always fresh and delicious.  they even have food I can eat while I'm on my diet.  The protein power up is delicious.I am shocked!!! The food was great. I got a grilled chicken Caesar salad and a water. Phenomenal!!
I was waiting to get sick later on because the place was not so clean, but 6 hours and another meal later, no prob! 
Do not bring a date here. Come here if you want some good food at a great price.'
Breakfast all day every day!I love T&N! There is no shortage of places with similar menus in the area, but the food served at T&N makes them stand out from the rest. I haven't had anything from there that I didn't enjoy thoroughly. Their creamed chipped beef is excellent. My husband is addicted to the omelette-stuffed pancake. The turkey in their turkey club sandwish isn't slimey and gross at all! I had almost given up on turkey clubs altogether before discovering this! The guys who deliver the food are always so friendly and outgoing, too. It is such a nice touch. My only tiny, petty complaint is that they use Miracle Whip, but I just order sammies without it and add my own mayo. I'm sure there are lots of people who are thrilled they use Miracle Whip. I am so happy to have found this gem.First time experience with this place...We ordered out breakfast. 2 different platters, scramble eggs w/cheese, tater tots, toast the same for both orders...side of scrapple and pork roll both cooked to perfection, the toast was perfect, lightly buttered. We ordered through yelp, fast and efficient. The food was still hot when we received it, 25 minute deliver. 5 stars Our new breakfast delivery place!!!After the GPS led us astray as we searched for a Wawa on our way to the Wachovia center, we searched for all restaurants around the center in order to grab a quick and inexpensive bite rather than pay for overpriced crap at the game.   We picked T&N because it had the word sandwich in it... and thats what we wanted!
We pulled up and being three girls from the Northern Virginia suburbs we were slightly intimidated by our surroundings!  The place didn't even look open.  But we went out and checked and were VERY pleasantly suprised.  Everything was very reasonably priced and good!  They had an extensive list of subs-- i mean Hoagies.. we're in Philly-- as well as wraps, salads and even breakfast.   I really wish we had gotten there earlier so i could try it!
The people were so friendly and I noticed one guy wearing a Villanova hat--- and we talked about the game.  Then we ran into him when we got there.  it was a very small world
It may sound silly but the thing i'm most excited about before the next Villanova game (besides the chance for them to not suck and actually win a game!) is the opportunity to go back here!  This place may be a hole in the wall, but its a hole in the wall i'm willing to climb into anytime i'm in Philly!Good food but they forget basic condiments when delivering.  Pancake platter with no syrup.  Come on..Being from south philly really really really wanted to LOVE this place. I used to order belly busters all the time from the other location.  I dunno maybe it's because they got my order wrong but I really didn't care for what I ordered. Forgot my cheese on my chicken cutlet sandwich (huge let down) and there was a shell in my better then Petes fries. Listen don't get me wrong I mean I ate it because I was hungry but ehhh not what i wanted, but the wings looked good Maybe I'll try again!Use to like this place ! I wasn't here for like a year .  But I went in on a Sunday mourning penrose was to busy didn't want to wait ! They had 3 counter girls couldn't get our order to save there lives !!!!!!!! 
Food actually came out wrong two times for my buddy girlfriend , they forgot my fries and side of bacon !! She asked for scrambled eggs she got a omlet !!
Service -1star
Food 2stars 
 Ps anyway don't know if I'll be back ,I have ordered breakfast here may times. The tots are delish as is the eye opener breakfast sandwich. It's a great and reasonable takeout and delivery spot. There are a few tables inside though if you'd like to dine in. Service is pretty solid. No major complaints. All in all, worth a visit if you're looking to order breakfast or lunch.This is a really cool neighborhood joint! The food was great and the people were so friendly. I would definitely recommend this place!Everything I eat from here, I love. 
My favorites are the cheesesteak egg rolls, the fried pasta alfredo and the antipasta wrap- SO GOOD!
I also know that the Walnut St. Salad is like the best salad in South Philly. 
And they were at Philadelphia Weekly's taste event in center city last month sampling their pork sandwich- AMAZINGGG!Update!  They serve breakfast all day!!  They deliver!!! $1.75 large La Colombe Coffee
They seat 12 people max!!  Talk to the small intimate crowd of all the stereotypical South Philly goons.
Ok, so I had them deliver me some breakfast sandwiches and asked for a recommendation.  They brought me an eye opener on a seeded roll.  This is a scrambled egg, hot italian sausage and hot pepper cheese sandwich and I am now addicted.  If you want a nice spicy breakfast sandwich get this thing, do it on a long roll and share it with a friend.
Cubano Paesano: another recommendation from the chef.  A cuban panini with italian roast pork and prosciutto.  WTF.  Do this.
Also beg them for a Chicken Meatball.
I'm so in love with this little cheap lunch counter that I will not be able to update any more because I cannot be objective.
This will be my final update.This place is a hidden gem!! EVERYTHING is homemade, even down to the salad dressings. The Crab Tots maybe the best thing I've ever put in my mouth. Excellent service. Amazing food.Hair in our delivery order (that took an hour to arrive). Mediocre food. Owner refused to refund any more than the one sandwich, as though the rest of this isn't tainted as well
AvoidOrdered delivery this morning, took 75 minutes to arrive. We called the restaurant twice.  Firstcall, we heard an employee's conversation before being hung up on.  The second call was quick that it was out for delivery. Twenty-five minutes later, the food arrived.
My wife's omelet was sitting in a pool of oil and was luke warm.  My Buffalo chicken wrap was dry and the chicken had been cooked to almost jerky.  The Wise chips that came with it were a nice touch, but there were quite literally ten chips in the bag.
I would give this place zero stars if I could.So friendly and chill--the old classic music and small town feel make this the perfect neighborhood breakfast spot!Ordered online through grubhub. Food came 30 min sooner than expected. Food was delicious, greasy, and exactly what I wanted. This will be my new breakfast delivery spot for sure.Their breakfast is pretty solid. I don't recommend ordering from them to be delivered, though and definitely not through the YELP delivery app. They charged us $7 to add an egg to our breakfast dish without even calling to see if we agreed to the charge and then they charged us $2/cup of coffee that was so weak you could see the bottom of the cup.Woke up with a bit of a hangover and needed some pork roll goodness to help me get through it. I ordered through grub hub, put in all my card information and was happy to have my food on the way. When the delivery man showed up the receipt said 'will pay with cash' I didn't have any seeing as I spent it all the bar. The delivery man was super patient and understanding as I ran to the closest bodega to use the ATM. I absolutely recommend this place for the outstanding service and delicious food. My breakfast sandwich and muffin were just what I needed to take on my day.No complaints here. Food was good and creative. Service was nice  I got "Da Bomb" a stuffed pancake with bacon egg and cheese.I stumbled on this place, via GrubHub in search of someone who delivered breakfast.  The Yelp reviews weren't a lie!  There was 1 issue though that keeps from giving it 5 stars:  They buttered my toast for me (thanks!) but placed it in the same container with my eggs, bacon and potatoes.  So, it was soggy by the time it got here.  If anyone from T&N is reading, perhaps you can pack the toast separately?  
Other than that, it was a really yummy, old-style breakfast like your mom or dad would make you when you were young!  I will definitely order or visit here again.I've gotten takeout from T&N many, many times; the food is great, probably the best in the area for this type of deli/italian/south philly food. In fact I loved the food so much that I was communicating with the owner about catering my daughter's first birthday party, which is what brings on the 2-star review. I emailed him and he gave me an initial menu selection and suggested their food truck. Sounded great. I waited forever for him to get back to me with an estimate and nudged him (politely) several times over the course of about 6 weeks. I totally get that you're busy, dude, but come on. I was planning on spending big bucks and the guy just stopped responding. Really disappointing. Love their food but can't say I'll be ordering from T&N in the future.Ordered a breakfast bagel sandwich and a long roll breakfast sandwich. Got two long roll sandwiches, and one had eggshells in it.My gf found T&N on grubhub. Having been open since 1980 there's no way that I can not have eaten something from here in the past. Anyway, tonight we ordered & the food was excellent.
It was delivered within an hour. The delivery guy was very pleasant & personable. And the food was was almost perfect. The garlic & honey wings were way too salty & tasted like garlic salt was used instead of real garlic. Neither of us were able to eat more than 1 bite of them.
Everything else was fantastic. The gravy was what you would expect from a take out joint but was better than most places. The hoagie, chicken parm sandwich, onion rings (probably my new favorite anywhere) & Mozz wedges were all perfectly cooked & seasoned. Even the spicy ketchup sent with the rings was a tasty surprise. 
I tried to call to inform them about the wings but that's when I found out they closed at 7pm.  If you want to order them call & verify they are supposed to be made with real garlic & not just garlic salt. Otherwise I recommend this place.Driving down Oregon Ave today and searched yelp for a Restaurant in the area, wanting to try a new place. T&N Homemade Kitchen popped up with 5 stars so my two daughters (aged 13 and 9) and I decided to take a left on Moyamensing Ave. and try this place out. 
When we pulled up, my daughter asked "are you sure this place is going to be good?" because the corner restaurant is a bit unassuming looking both outside and inside. "Well, we'll find out..." I responded... and we did!
First off, the owner was one of the nicest men I have ever met. He made us feel right at home and we all had a great conversation with him about the history of the restaurant. Because the restaurant is so small, it felt like we were visiting an old friend. I can imaging this place has a steady stream of regulars who are on a first name basis with the owner. He was so kind and even my young daughters were talking with him without any hesitation. 
More importantly, the food is amazing. I had the Cubano Paesano ($8.00), one of my daughters had the Steakhouse burger ($7.00) and my other had a small capicolla & provolone hoagie ($5.00). All of us were very happy with our food. My Cubano Peasano, which is pulled pork mustard pickles cheese, etc..., was amazing and huge. I ate half of it and took the other half home. My daughter's burger was delicious and the capicolla and provolone was superb. 
Overall, we are very excited to make our way back to try more deliciousness on their menu and experience their great hospitality again. 
Thanks T&N, for a great lunch today!I ordered the colossal breakfast for delivery. The wait was about 40 mins. The prices are reasonable & the food is delicious!  I will be ordering again!Ok pretty damn good. Cubano Paesano, pork on pork, was scrumptious with broth oozing out each bite. Bread was toasted to perfection, a bit smokey which also smelled delicious. Tots with the creole seasoning and crab were precious down to each tot. Fried and dressed with care and  flavor.A corner all-day breakfast place, with a great breakfast sandwich and potatoes. 
They have a couple seats, a small counter, and few regulars that come and chat over coffee. 
Super friendly people, and good comfort food; can't go wrong.I have been to T&N and every single time my sandwich has been fantastic, and more than that - the folks that own the place are amazingly nice and welcoming. It's the kind of spot that you feel good about spending a couple bucks, because the people make the place. I think the Old Fashioned Italian is my favorite, but that might be because I am destroying one while I type this.  The MIkey Likes It (fried meatballs with sharp provy, raw onions, and long hots) is aces too. Thanks T&N!This place was INCREDIBLE!!! I had time to get breakfast before a day work trip to philly. This spot had amazing reviews and I now see why. Easily one of the best bfast sandos of my life. And the customer service was stellar! The owner and founder, Nick, couldn't have been friendlier and provided great company while I enjoyed breakfast. I will 100% be coming back here in future work trips.Usually a long and late delivery. Forgot my bacon then toast a different time. I do like the tots though and they are a reasonably priced option around (when they remember your full order)Liked the authentic diner atmosphere but our cheesesteaks were dry.  Good service and decent price.Service and food were fabulous.
Very friendly employees as well as very delicious breakfast items.
Cant wait to go back for lunch/dinner!Great for any occasion! Breakfast lunch and dinner, they do catering and also can make your party a little more live by bringing the food truck!
Ask your Paisan if JEET? And take them here for a meal to remember, they put effort and authenticity in every mealWe had a great meal here! The staff was receptive to my "special order" of a tot scramble with cheddar, mushrooms, onions and peppers. The homemade tots were delicious! As good as they were in the scramble, I'm wishing I ordered a side with whiz! The quaint little neighborhood location is adorable and delicious! We were impressed that we figured out their "JEET" slogan too!This local eatery showed up on my Yelp search of nearby places on a frigid, icy February day. And it said they serve breakfast all day! Jonesing for breakfast at 3pm I left the Art Museum and stopped on my way home. If you're from the burbs you have to get that parking is hard but a few runs around the block and you are sure to find something.  
The place is small but who cares. That was the charm of the place. You can interact with your fellow humans   I got a seat and ordered within minutes. It was very hard to decide as they had breakfast and an amazing array of sandwiches, Italian and otherwise. The hoagies looked amazing and I ordered an Italian hoagie to go and breakfast to stay.
MEAL: Creamed Chipped beef on toast with potatoes and a coffee. This was comfort food at its best and to die for. Plenty of chipped beef and the potatoes were real, not out of a box and seasoned so well they reminded me of something you'd see on a dinner menu. And the coffee ( pressing fingers to lips like the French do to signify something great). The coffee was great. In reading a previous review they say it is La Columbe? If so it was my lucky day.
I've been a suburban since I was 7 but I am still that person in the burbs who stops to talk with everyone. I met some really cool people here today and the conversation with staff and patrons flowed over my long afternoon breakfast. That's how cool this place is.  One gentlemen was a film aficionado so using a  film reference " I'll be back"Small joint that serves breakfast all day that has good home style food at a good price. I shall return to try the steak and eggs and or the Italian pork hoagie.If you close at 2 update your hours. I was hungry for breakfast saw they were open on yelp and took a uber to get there. I walk through the door and I'm greeted with a "we're closed". Oh really so why does yelp say y'all close at 5. Unbelievable.Wish i could give zero.  As i'm sitting at my desk and sick from the food. Breakfast was supposed to be 3 eggs over easy with cheese and Italian Sausage on the side. Instead I got, 2 eggs over easy, no cheese, bland and a sausage patty.  Was so hungry, I ate it anyway and now i'm sitting here with no way to explain how I feel besides saying it's TMI.  Thank God my job has soup on the menu today.. bleh!! STAY AWAY YOUR STOMACH WILL THANK YOU!!!Friendly and quick service. Subs are tasty. My only grievance is that they could use more lettuce and tomato, but that's easily solved by making the request. I highly recommend coming here before a game or event at Wells Fargo Center for both proximity and satisfaction.I got some breakfast from T&N a while back... I can't remember if it was good or not, but I do remember their home fries being horrible.
I will give T&N another try because of all the high praise from the people below.There's a reason this place has been around so long. They have the best cheese steaks and hoagies in town. I have been going as long as I can remember. They use great bread and the best meats available. Great family owned spot that real locals go to.  My favorite is the Old Fashioned hoagie.A fantastic menu which includes an all day breakfast. A really nice warm neighborhood place where everything is freshI have known of T&N since I was a kid. I went to school right down the street from it and would often stop there after school for snacks or candy and sometimes go on the Saturdays with my friends for lunch. My point is, I've watched the place transition through the years and have recently heard rave reviews about their food. In desperate need of a breakfast sandwich this morning, I called and placed an order for a bacon egg and cheese on an everything bagel with a side of their country potatoes. The potatoes were great! Fresh, tender and very-well seasoned. The sandwich, however, was a huge disappointment. I opened the paper to find a charred, burnt everything bagel--strike one. I would have maybe been able to live with the burnt bagel, but there was barely any bacon and the bacon that was present was soggy and undercooked. The sandwich itself didn't taste bad, but there really was no flavor to it except for the cheese, which tasted good. I wanted so badly for this to be a good experience but I don't think I will be venturing back to T&N for breakfast.Awesome food! Awesome service! Love their breakfast! I ordered a delivery and it came hot and delicious in half the time estimated.My girlfriend and I love T&N.  Seriously awesome old school south Philly charm here plus a delicious gourmet undertone.
The restaurant is tiny and charming with a lunch counter and a few booths.  Super clean and really nicely decorated and my favorite... NO TV!
Huge old school Philly menu with THE BEST HOAGIE I'VE HAD IN PHILLY. Seriously OLD SCHOOL ITALIAN DONE RIGHT!  The Roast Pork with Broccoli Raab is killer and any kind of meatball will make you very happy. 
T&N is an unassuming little brick south philly restaurant but inside is an experimental and overachieving gourmet heart.  Here's where things get fun and a little different:
La Colombe coffee on the counter.
Deep fried Alfredo bites
Gourmet Tater Tots
Crab fries.... With Real Sweet Crab in it!
THE BEST WINGS... Gettem cowboy style.
I first discovered T&N when we hired them to cater a film and have been going back ever since.  I would have never known if not for that chance encounter and I just can't say enough good things about them...  I've seen the kitchen, I've inspected their ingredients, they've fed the pickiest palates in the film industry take the time to visit this out of the way spot and fall back in love with all your Philly Favorites and try something a little different.  You won't regret it.
Oh and the catering is affordable, dependable and sublime.  They can handle any request, believe me; I had them jumping through ridiculous hoops every day for weeks while working on a feature film and they went to any length to keep everyone happy.
You won't regret it.Let's start with they called me to tell me they are out of coffee. What kind of homemade kitchen runs out of coffee? (I asked the girl and she was annoyed) I think my omelette came with like 5 tots which tasted oddly like maybe fish sticks were made in the same basket. The eggs over easy were basically hard cooked, bacon over cooked, and toast under toasted. Clearly we ordered too late in the day and they didn't feel like making a good breakfast but if you advertise hours then support them. Did I mention they were out of coffee? My advice is don't order from this place.First time ordering today and will definitely add this spot to my delivery rotation. Homemade Tots had a great crispy coating with a creamy potato filling.I would say the best potatoe side I have ever got delivered.This is a really great breakfast place.  This is our  new go-to place, over Penrose or Melrose.  There is not a lot of seating, but it wasn't crowded when we went.  I ordered over easy eggs, which were perfectly cooked, and scrapple.  My husband ordered pancakes, which were delicious.  Everything was made fresh to order.  I highly recommend this place for breakfast.  We will return for lunch at some point, so I hope to update this review.T & N has been my favorite place to eat since the early
 80s.  I love their food, especially the sausage and greens on a roll. The people are wonderful they make it feel like home. Please visit them once, you'll never stop visiting them. Peace and LoveThis place is absolutely disgusting ! My boyfriend and I ordered from there this morning. I was really excited for breakfast. I ordered the grik omlette which came with toast and tots and a side of homemade turkey sausage. I gave my boyfriend the tots which he said were mushy and gross. My omelette was super watery. It was supposed to be egg whites feta tomato and spinach. They basically made egg whites and threw a block of feta - the size of a butter bar, sautéed spinach and sliced tomatoes in the middle ? That is not how you make an omelette. It should be diced and mixed in with the eggs. Please don't get me started on the homemade turkey sausage. It tasted like burnt dog food. I made my boyfriend try it and he spit it out. He got the bomb which he didn't care for. I would never order from this place again. The only thing that was edible was the side of wheat toast that it came with. So I basically could have made myself toast this morning and saved myself the trouble. Yuck !My boyfriend and I LOVE the food and the staff at T&N!!! Everything we have ever had has been fantastic! I am a HUGE fan of their  breakfasts, and their Escarole soup! I say, if you are in South Philly it is definitely a great place to stop and eat...I am so glad I decided to stop in here for breakfast. As soon as I walked in I could tell it was going to be good. It's very casual and I felt right at home even though I live 2 hours away in NYC. The owner is very friendly and attentive. I had the "chili tot scramble" it was delicious and such a huge portion and my husband had the "western omelet with home fries " he ate the entire thing. I will definitely be back the next time I'm in Philly and am going to tell my friends about this great place.FILTHY! Look these guys up on the L&I website if you need more proof. They leave the food out by the dumpster before delivering and I've seen mice.Amazing breakfast ! Its not pretty. As a matter of fact the look may put you off. The menu is gigantic. I had 3 eggs , homemade tater tots, Taylor pork roll and rye toast. $6.50. It was really perfect. Good ice coffee . My buddy had the same with ham. The ham was amazing. Food came out hot. The service was solid. It's only been around since 1980.... how did I miss this?How are you guys gonna charge $12 for "Freshly squeezed orange juice with cups." and then send me a bottle of Tropicana that you got from Costco for $3?
That is just 100% fraudulence.No No No .... 
I ordered an egg salad sandwich from here once and the toast was burnt. Not a little overcooked but black and burnt, and they still made the sandwich using the burnt toast and delivered it to me. I will say when I called to tell them about the sandwich they sent another sandwich immediately but why why why would you make a sandwich using obviously burnt bread. 
My husband , ever the optimist , ordered a breakfast sandwich on a long roll not long after my egg salad experience, the bread was stale. I think because they toasted the bread thinking my husband wouldn't realize the bread was stale but .... 
There are so many breakfast places to choose from, I can't see myself supporting this business after those two experiencesI had the French Toast with bacon, scrambled eggs, and homemade tots. I ordered off of UBER eats so I don't really trip off presentation. 
My bacon probably would have been good if it wasn't burnt and the crumbled into pieces.  I don't know if they did it to fit in the small section of my to-go container or what. They definitely could have put my scrambled eggs there and my bacon next to the French toast. So that was disappointing. And like I said the bacon was burnt. The bacon was thick so it probably would have been great.
The homemade tots were fried mash potato balls delicious. I was kind of upset because they only gave me like 4 but they were very filling.
The French toast was regular.
Overall the meal wasn't anything special nor was I expecting it to be. But the tots stole the show. I'd order again but I think I would rather go to the restaurant and eat in. 
Sorry no picture ‍This place is so hit or miss. I have ordered the same items multiple times. When it's good, it's really good and when it's not, it's completely inedible. Wish it were more consistent.Oh my goodness what a cool little old school neighborhood greasy spoon complete with owner (I think it was the owner) telling corny jokes. Apparently this is the home base of the 'Jeet' food truck. I was in South Philly so I got the cheese steak Italian, seeded roll, broccoli rabe and sharp provolone. According to my daughter, Karly I'm the only person in the world that didn't know sharp provolone had such a distinctive taste. I am still not sure if I'm a broccoli rabe fan but this broccoli rabe had a lot of flavor. Sorry but I could only give this cheesesteak a score of 89. It was full of flavor and I now completely understand how people can be happy sitting around eating a seeded roll and provolone cheese but it was $11 and it just needs to be bigger and the meat has to improve. Does broccoli rabe always have the more stalk than leafing parts? Very good overall experience and I wouldn't hesitate to go back for breakfast.These pancakes actually do taste homemade, cooked light and buttery, definitely don't taste like diner cakes. Bravo