Meh sums it it. I've had worse, but for the amount of money spent, so much more is expected. The food was underwhelming and the service was just so so.A bunch of friends and I started out at the outdoor patio for drinks and then went inside for dinner. I'm giving the slow service outside a break just because it was happy hour on a beautiful Friday and the place was packed. When we went indoors I was pleasantly surprised at the reasonable prices for some decent light fare in the bar area. There is a Nine Dollar menu with everything from personal pizzas to "meatballs and gravy". The food was good, but not enough of it. I guess that's why it was only nine dollars. The service inside was a bit more attentive, the chef even came around to see that we were happy with our orders. I'll probably give the dining room a try, though I'll go in a little circumspect given the reviews I'm reading.I went to Table 31 for after dinner cocktails one evening.  It's really swank and wannabe important inside.    Their Happy Night menu with the 7 dollar martinis are pretty reasonably priced for the type of place this is.    I got the espresso martini and I found it too sweet.  I then got a real martini (which incidentally was more than 7 dollars) and between the two of them was knocked flat on my backside for the rest of the night.    I think the service was a bit slow for as few people as were in the cocktail lounge but if I am feeling wannabe important, I would definitely go because you can do it here without breaking the bank.This place was decent for lunch in town. Honestly I expected a little better, but now I know. Atmosphere was fine, although our service suffered because of how busy it was. Food was alright but nothing to write home about. Definitely better options if you're downtown.To be fair, I visited this place during Restaurant Week in 2008 when it first opened. The owner was present and took time to visit with nearly every table to ensure everything was in order. 
The restaurant is separated into a bar/lounge and the general seating area. The tall ceilings and cluster of tables could make for a loud setting, but we didn't seem to mind. The staff was attentive and accommodating. They made a great wine recommendation. 
We were impressed by the culinary treats that greeted us. The hanger steak was impressive and the PB&J cheesecake desert was phenomenal. Unfortunately, I have yet to see this masterpiece make another appearance on their menu. Until then, I will wait to return.Disappointing experience for the cost.  Our bill was about $600 for 4 people.  The decor is amazing but that is all I can say that was worth it for this place.  We noticed besides the booths the tables are in such close proximity - you can hear everyone's conversations.  Its a steakhouse and they didn't get a single temp right!!!  They messed up the sides and service was just ok.  I would expected better for the price.  Overpriced - will wear outThe decor is a mix between Las Vegas and NYC, and the food very average. I went there for dinner during restaurant week 2010. I ordered the stuffed pepper starter, which was flavorless - there was supposedly ham inside but all I tasted was crunchy bread crumbs and a little spiciness from the pepper. Next, I ordered the roasted chicken, which was cooked pretty well and did taste good, but the potato au gratin was too cheesy and overpowering. For dessert, I ordered the pumpkin spiced cake - the warmness was nice, but it should have been sweeter. My friend who ordered the tuna tartare said it was pretty bad, and another who ordered the salmon entree said it was okay as well. I tried a couple bites of the chocolate mousse which was really good. The bottle of Malbec we ordered was good too.
I will say though that the service was great - this seems to be a consistent theme here in Philly. The decor is nice, but a tad over the top, but nice nonetheless if you are in the mood for that.A colleague of mine chose this spot for a lunch meeting. The Comcast building lobby is lovely and grand, a great place to walk into. 
We made our way into the restaurant, which is well-decorated, albeit in a really typical way, and our table was in what seemed to be a long, narrow hallway - odd layout for a restaurant. 
Nothing notable on the drink list; service was also perfectly adequate but unremarkable. There are no vegetarian entrees, but a couple of lackluster appetizer, pizza and sandwich options. 
Then, the food came. 
Everyone, from this vegetarian non-profit employee to our foie gras-eating, Perignon-drinking Chairman of the Board, was disappointed. I ordered a lentil burger that was literally a bunch of unseasoned lentils mashed together into a patty shape (at least the fries were OK). My companions reported a greasy squash soup (I don't think I'd ever heard a soup called greasy before) and ill-cooked steak. Nobody wanted to stick around for dessert.I am sad that out of all the amazing restaurants in Philadelphia, we came here. The ambience is so alluring and trendy and we were starving after a long day at the Art Museum. Our waiter was very kind and really talked up the exclusivity and freshness of the menu. There was not much selection, so I ordered the house made cavatelli.
I do not mind paying an exorbitant amount for great dining, but please make sure my pasta doesn't taste like hard, uncooked macaroni noodles with ragu red sauce if you are charging that much.
Two stars for everything being pretty to look at.I had gone to Table 31 several times for happy hour in the past year and I recently decided it was time to at least give a meal of a lunch a try there. I went on a Friday slightly before noon and the restaurant filled up by about 12:30. The crowd was mostly business suits, but I didn't feel out of place in jeans and a button down. I took advantage of the 3 course menu, which felt like a good deal for $24. I started with a lentil soup which was quite large and pretty tasty; it would probably be even better if you really loved pieces of cured meat infused in your soup. Main course was their filet. I ordered it medium but it seemed a little overcooked for medium... I think medium rare would have been the way to go here. Still, it was well seasoned. The fingerling potatoes and accompanying vegetables were very good. For dessert, I ended up with what I believe is the chocolate cake and ice cream on the menu. It was banging, the best part of the meal. Our waiter was very friendly, but this whole process stretched on for about an hour and a half, so if you are on your lunch break, be prepared to come back late. Overall, I think Table 31 is reasonably priced for Center City food but I would recommend trying something other than the steak, there's better steak to be had in Philly.We went to Table 31 for dinner on Thursday and it was good. Originally we wanted to sit outside but it seemed as if the DJ wanted to make us tone death and it was only 7:00 pm. Inside was relatively busy and for some strange reason they packed everyone into one side of the restaurant instead of spreading us out. I ordered the gnocchi and my friend ordered something that was on the specials list that had an egg and beef on it. The gnocchi was ok and the small plate was the perfect size. My friend really enjoyed his meal so there were no complaints there. We then ordered the ice cream samples and the nutella cheese cake. The desserts really made the meal!food was OK.  cocktails were GREAT.  even though the staff were very informed of what was vegan and what was not, and they were really very nice, the service was HORRIBLE. took 45 mins from us sitting down to getting our drinks.  also i asked them to bring my salad out during the appetizers and they said they didn't do that.  well i was hungry and didn't want an appetizer.  oh well.
i went for a work thing and wasnt responsible for the bill.  i had a great time w/ my coworkers just wish the servers were more attentive.I went there for a birthday party of about 10 people.  The night started off ok, they were pretty accomodating, but this could have been because the restaurant was empty.  The evening was downhill from there.  
The service - the server was nice, but clueless about the menu and steaks in general.  He didn't know the difference between a porterhouse, a filet, and a ribeye; he explained it completely wrong to one of the girls at the table.  
The food - horrendous.  This is by far the worst steak ever!  It was so bad, we had to add salt to give our steak any flavor, we would rather go to Outback Steakhouse instead...and I've never been to Outback!  The steak and sides were cold, bland, and very greasy...this could be because the service was extremely slow.  
Ambience - decor was cool.  However, bring a winter coat, it was very cold, I think below zero.  When I asked them to turn the heat up a little bit, they said it won't get warm for another hour.  We noticed other guests were eating with their coats on as well.  It got so bad, one of the guys in our group had to take his shirt off for his wife, and wore an undershirt for the rest of the dinner, and this was in the middle of August.
I will never eat here again!  I feel like I need to give a review for this particular restaurant just to warn others.I wish I didn't have to rate this place because this is more a review about pointing certain people in the right direction and not about my experience.
Table 31 is hilarious, especially for Center City Sips.  My office is 27 floors above Table 31 and I have always looked over the outdoor beer garden as the party gets started.  I never dared enter as I could tell from above, this place was not for me...but a friend invited me, so there I was.
You can tell very quickly that for a Wednesday night, this is the place to get it on and by get it on, I mean network like you never networked before.  Pocket squares, houndstooth, and cufflinks aplenty!  Everyone's eyes were roaming the outside beer garden as they tried to find a bigger and better conversation to get into.  My friend ordered me a punch from the bar that came out of some large cooler.  It is smart to not waste time mixing drinks - get these folks drunk faster!  The punch was just fine.
We didn't stay long, but I will always remember my time here.
For the young, beautiful and power hungry, this is where you have to go.  Your career and genitals will thank you for it.I'm surprised how many bad reviews there are on this one.  I'd actually give them 4 stars, but I was still hungry when I left so I decided that 3-3.5 was about right.  I'm normally not shy and would've ordered dessert or something to help fill me up, but I was there on a client lunch and therefore it was not an appropriate time to pig out.
My entree was the broiled red snapper with heirloom tomato salad, and it was delicious.  The asparagus puree on the side had good flavor, and the vegetables in the "salad" were perfectly ripe and fresh.  Two people sitting next to me ordered pizzas, and of course I had food envy despite the fact that i was quite pleased with my dish.
I'm a sucker for artful presentation and the whole "you eat with your eyes first" thing, so I appreciated the effort put into that as well.  As for price, I found it about on par with other big name restaurants in the city (Steven Starr, Jose Garces, etc) so I can't say I agree with other Yelpers on that one.  When in doubt, check the menu first - you'll be able to gauge how much you'll spend before you go.I am torn on how to rate this place.  Went last night and had to keep reminding myself that the place just opened and that I should be kind - but with a pedigree with the likes of Le Bec Fin, Brasserie Perrier and Georges' expected a smoother experience.  
Downside - The bar is over cramped, charges New York prices and has a somewhat uninspired drink menu in my opinion.  Service was a bit jerky... but I suppose that is to be expected at this stage.  You can tell they are still trying to get things situated around the restaurant.
Upside - the spiced Delmonico was amazing... as was the lamb chop I stole from the person next to me.  The wine list was pretty good (enjoyed a great 2004 Truchard Cab) and the appetizers and sides I had were killer.  
And really... why do you go to a restaurant if not for the food?
So I think my recommendation is to hold off a bit - unless you're just jonesing for a reason to check out the massive lobby monitor in the Comcast Center... and give the staff a bit to catch up to the quality of the chef.  I think in time this will be a killer place for a night out - but I'll avoid it myself for the immediate future.I couldn't wait to write this review as I need to help override so many negative reviews so far...
I went to Table 31 last night (Thursday) with my friend who knew the DJ.  Apparently, they recently started up a fun Thursday night thing here.  The music was great from the moment we walked in to the time we left around 2AM.
The place was jam packed downstairs where, according to reviews on here I expected a "sports bar" kind of look but that was a totally inaccurate description.  The place is very nice...reminded me of many places in NY, cool lighting, hard-wood floors, multi-level.
We ventured upstairs by jumping on the elevator and were shocked at how swanky-sleek the upstairs was. There was an area to the left with a huge couch with the coolest red chairs and zebra pillows all over. It was a candle-lit cozy nook that called out for a couple to sit and have Dirty Martinis all night :) Past the couch, we spotted a bar where no one was sitting (it was about 9:00) so we sat and ordered drinks (I had a Dirty Martini and my friend had the drink with Pineapple in it (forget the name).  Both drinks were great.  John was our bartender and he was awesome.  We also ordered a Margherita Pizza which was SOOOO GOOD.
Eventually, there was a bit of a crowd upstairs (but nowhere near the crowd downstairs) and we ventured down to where most people were standing and drinking, talking, or dancing.  Surprisingly, we found two seats at the bar downstairs and stayed there for most of the night.  It was extremely crowded but no one was sloppy drunk falling all over...the crowd was a decent 30-40 year old crowd.  
We met and spoke to the owner a while too, who takes a lot of pride in his establishment as well he should.  Super down-to-earth guy.  
Well done Table 31.  We'll definitely be back on a Thursday and hopefully will get to stop in on a less crowded night for dinner.Table 31 was a sad disappointment. Went on a Friday night with a large group of friends and were looking forward to a place that had so much hype behind it. 
Unfortunately, it didn't live up to any of the hopes I had for it. The food was sub-par...steaks were bland and overcooked and our Kumomoto oysters had to be sent back as they were far from fresh. The cold seafood platter was fine, but it's hard to mess that up. Aside from the food, the restaurant was as cold as a meat locker. We had a hard time enjoying the meal while shivering and covering ourselves in napkins just to stay slightly above frigid. We asked for the air to be turned down, but the response was that it would take a long time because the space was so large. The only redeeming quality and the best part of the meal was the chocolate bread pudding dessert which was actually good (and why I didn't give a 1-star rating). I hate giving low ratings, but for as much as we spent ($100/person), it should have been much better. I hope this is only a result of being new.
Final thoughts...
If you want a good steak, go to Barclay Prime instead where you'll get the quality you pay for.tried this place the last time SEPTA canceled my train.  waiter wanted to take our order with no menus given out.
looks way overpriced, and someone I know was over charged there in the past.
a $14 glass of wine is too rich for my blood!I wanted to like this place.  I somehow had gotten in my head that they were getting a bad rap, and that I was going to love it... but the service was just too horrible.  
A group of 6 of us were there for a friend's birthday celebration.  It was on a Wednesday in the summer so we were there during Center City Sips, but were passing our time at the inside bar which doesn't do Sips before our dinner reservation in the Table 31 dining room. We had a lovely time at the bar, but everything went bad when we went to the hostess stand to be seated for dinner.
The hostess was condescending and rude.  She handed out the dinner menus while we were standing there to be seated as she stated that we would have to order from the dinner menu which is more expensive than the bar menu..  The implication seemed to be that we couldn't afford dinner..?  The waiter also got in on the poor service act stating us that he would need the table back in two hours.  I'm not sure what sort of establishment tries to hurry dinner guests along, but we should have left before we were seated as the evening would have gone better for everyone involved if we had never stepped into that dining room.  The waiter was ironically slow and despite our best efforts to eat and get the heck out of there, dinner still took an hour and a half.  Well below his two hour request, but we couldn't get out of there quick enough.  He was condescending throughout our dinner and unattentive and he should not be in a part of the food service industry that requires him to deal with customers. 
I don't understand what could have have happened to make these folks look down on our group of 30-something professionals, so I can only assume this is how they treat all their customers.  It is a shame because the food was good and the place was small but pretty nice.  Oh well.. I will definitely never return.i was pretty impressed by my first sips session at table 31.  a south beach lounge feel complete with red ropes and loud dance music at the comcast center.  the space is definitely beautiful, an urban oasis of sorts.  the courtyard was noticeably flooded with hundreds of people having a good time after work.  the rainfall couldn't even dampen the electric atmosphere on this humid wednesday evening.  this is where all the philly yupsters come out to play for center city sips.  it's definitely not for everyone, especially if the philly bar scene is more your style.  but if you're  pocket square sportin, wingtip rockin kinda guy.  or if you're a marc jacobs toting, louboutin lovin lady.  then this is your place.  i'll be back again this summer when i'm feeln fancy after work on wednesday.Only been there for lunch.
The best thing I've had there was the desert-- very good ice cream served in a very people-unfriendly manner.  Most (well, not most, but much-- it was too delicious to let it drip too much) fell out of the oddly-shaped and poorly-constructed mini cones.  But dam, it was delicious.
The second time I went there, my lobster roll was truly mediocre.  It was also solidly 9-10 minutes after my companion's sandwich and fries.  Even in the first few months after opening, this can be seriously unacceptable.  Hopefully the flaws have evened out, but I'm not going to bet as much.
Go to Mattyson for lunch as a substitute unless you're absolutely forced to be in Comcast Centre.  Also , the "public art" at Comcast is really ugly & hokey.My 2nd spot for dinner during restaurant week. The food was okay; my appetizer of artichoke ravioli was delicious and the homemade cookie plate was just the right amount of sweet. For my entree I chose the wild striped bass; the fish was cooked perfectly but the potatoes and asparagus could have left off the plate. I probably would not go back for dinner but I think I would check this spot out in the spring for happy hour.Came here for dinner and drinks and was a bit relieved after reading some of the Yelp reviews ahead of time that it turned into drinks-only.  The waitstaff is very nice and friendly and there are some fun drink options!
A word of warning - coordinate what part of Table 31 you're meeting at since there's both an indoors section and an outside, across-the-plaza component.  Hopefully then you'll avoid having various members of your party thinking that they've been stood up.I used to love this place.  Now the service and quality has dropped off and is not consistent.  A real shame.
Food was not very savory: my salad (like the others said) was not fresh. My actual meal was undercooked and tasted bland (as if I could make it at home!) Lastly, the service was rushed (my waitress and manager/host seemed to not care about my group of 5... they never checked on us, took 30 minutes to take our order, and took another 25 minutes to run my credit card. Center City has many many better options. Please listen to the other negative reviews here.Yuck.
This place is a wannabe classy-fusion place but really just doesn't manage to pull it off. The classy web pages that advertise it, the bohemian-sounding name, as well as the head chef putting his name on just about everything, made me intrigued. Upon entering, I immediately felt I was underdressed. I think I would've felt that way even if I was wearing a tuxedo; the place is just an overload of wannabe-classy that it was almost comical. The atmosphere is dark and if it hadn't been earlier in the evening, I probably wouldn't have been able to see the menu.
Dishes were near terrible. The presentation was done well but the actual food tasted dreadful. Our appetizers included two soups of the day, that we sent back for being cold. The waitress we had was young and pleasant but the food she brought out of the kitchen seemed just the opposite. My entree was a strip steak in a red wine reduction, which tasted more like a strip steak in a soy sauce reduction. Yuck.
Service was just ok.
Desserts were alright. I think I chose the wrong thing. I ordered a vanilla creme brulee, one of my favorites, and it was overdone and hard to eat. One person I was dining with ordered a homemade sorbet trio that I actually ended up eating part of (the lemon-basil flavor). That was tasty.
Oh, and the place is EXPENSIVE!
I won't be returning here.First off - this place was super expensive, but I guess one should expect that at a Perrier joint - but $60 for a plain steak is just a little hard for me to swallow. Luckilly I got the fish and tried some delicious short ribs shared amongst the table. The salads were OK, the lobster mashed potatoes were yummy but served in what looked like a microwave tin. Nothing was bad, nothing was mind blowing - except perhaps the "milk and cookies" - thick vanilla shake and yummy little cookies. That made my night for sure. The wine was strong, delicious, and, of course, pricy. The biggest problem here which I am sure will be fixed with time was the service. We had about six different servers and we were served two seperate entrees which we did not order. Maybe the staff thinks every table number is 31? Wow, that was a bad joke. But seriously, the place was very chic and pretty and I am sure it will find it's way to kicking the crap out of Capital Grille, The Palm, and all the other steakhouse standards. Regardless, I prefer speghetti, souvlaki, samosas, or sushi - so trust me more on the ethnic fronts.If you want to go somewhere for sips where the bartender doesn't wash his hands and you and your friends get food poisoning as a result, then this is your place. Beware the big buckets of dirty ice water harboring the cans you just ordered.Why, oh why does this place have bad ratings? Loved it.  Came here for a biz lunch and I can't wait to come back in the spring when their outdoor space is open for dining and drinking.  They bring out bread and an amazing red pepper and oil spread to start you off.  I ordered the Insalata Funghi..delicious salad that comes with a black truffle vinaigarette that is absolutely to DIE for..tomatoes, mushrooms, mixed greens and shaved parm.  In. L.O.V.E.  My dining partners got the Cobb Salad (it looked decent) and the sirloin burger with cheddar cheese and carmelized onions.  I almost climbed across the table to get a bite, but of course that's not appropriate in any case. So I refrained.  I will be back so so so soon! Only reason why this place gets 4 stars and not 5 is that it's pricey..$70+ for a 3 person lunch..plus tip.  Either way, great scene for business and/or personal dining.Great Happy Hour specials and the food was good but when service is that bad I am sorry it's just not worth it.First off, I'm surprised that Table 31 has below a 3-star rating. It really wasn't that bad for me. The first time I went was a few years ago and then again in 2010. I'm just really bored right now, so I decided to write a review of my both experiences about 2  years later. So back then the service was great, the ambiance appropriate to the type of establishment. I will say, though, that they need to rebrand. They don't seem to have a niche. There is no reason for me to go back to Table 31. The food is good but not to die for.
The food was very good on both occassions. I actually had probably the juiciest piece of salmon ever there and a really tasty order of sauteed mushrooms. I guess it was my lucky night.Had a business dinner here last week and Table 31 was suggested for us.  After reading the reviews of other Yelpers, I was slightly concerned...but found room to joke with my boss about the "cougar" reputation.  We arrived and were seated right away.  First server was initially attentive and seemed to think quite a bit about himself.  He was mildly offensive as I ordered wine.  He felt the need to try to correct me on what I ordered.  I used the winery name and he told me it was different.  Little did he know I've actually been to the winery in Napa Valley and I felt pretty confident in what I was ordering.  Anyway, I had mussels for an app in white wine cream sauce that were pretty darn good.  Also had the braised beef short ribs for dinner and they were done well, tender and full of flavor.  Could have done without the dry, crispy garnish.  There was way too much and added very little to the appearance, nothing to the flavor of the dish.  Throughout the night another waitress would stop by and tend to our needs.  Very confusing as to who we were dealing with.  They had no communication as they would both come by and ask the same questions.  One good server is better than two average ones.  Overall food was pretty good, service was average at best.The outdoor bar off JFK Boulevard is much more inviting from outside than once you are in it. For one thing, it is tiny. For another, it opens onto the Comcast plaza and just doesn't afford the people watching that makes outdoor cocktails fun.Happy hour was underwhelming.  Overpriced with chipped plastic cups.  There are cheaper and nicer options nearby.They were fine. the mixed drink I had was good, but the pasta was quite oily. Granted, it was pesto, but still.Surprisingly good food; great happy hour prices; ridiculously loud and dark when it gets busy.Date Night (finally). Restaurant week so I went even though I'm kinda a restaurant week skeptic. But when you're getting taken out you don't fuss because you're truly happy to be wined and dined.
So, the restaurant is surprisingly small for being in the huge-ass Comcast Center. Sucky also that it's on the bottom and second floor so no pretty views. I had a pineapple cocktail that was deceptively delicious, I could drink it all night and probably be bombed. Date had this ginger martini that was waaaay too strong for me but he loved it and kept his pinky tucked in while drinking. Cocktails were expensive-- like $12. 
Dinner for Restaurant week started off with this bread that had a tomato sauce on the side that was really freakin' tasty. It wasn't like salsa and it wasn't like marinara sauce-- it was somewhere in between and basically gone in 5 mins. I think we were secretly competing trying to get to it before the other person abolished it. I had the pasta fagioli which was a tasty soup for my appetizer. And he had the rock shrimp frito misto which tasted like shrimp in calamari batter and was also yummy. He was waaaay into the fried olives that came with it which I never had before and they were very good! His entree killed mine-- roasted cornish hen that was made in this wine-based sauce that was really really flavorful and great. I wanted to pick up the cast iron it came in and drink it like soup. Good thing that cast iron is heavy as sh*t and I had to behave myself. My flat iron steak was OK and considering that  this place is also labeled as a "steakhouse" I wasn't that impressed. Obviously the tiramisu was done perfectly and was amazing. I was bending over full after. So basically date night ended up with both of us trying not to fart in front of each other. Romantic.1.5
My party of three came here after the concierge at our hotel said that it was fantastic.  I am now wondering if he is on their payroll, because this place was far from it.  We get to the restaurant, and it is very beautiful inside and out.  Sleek, modern, sexy, oh and EMPTY.  No it wasn't Friday or Saturday night, but it was early enough that I should have known better and turned around.  The hostess then proceeded with a game of 20 questions before seating us.  How many in your party?  Name for the table?  Preference?  Here for food?  Will you be paying us in cash or credit?  Do you eat out often?  Will you date my cousin?  Will you date your cousin?  UGH!  I was starving!
We sit, the hostess provides us with water takes our drink order and brings out bread and this yummy tomato pesto thing.  At this point I thought, well maybe its looking up.  Sometimes you have to get past a snob or two to get the really good things in life.  My fair lady and I got a glass of wine the gentleman did not partake as he was trying to watch his figure (go figure).  The wine came out promptly. We ordered the food, 2 salmon (medium) and 1 steak rare (She said, I'd like blood on the plate).
Then we waited.
And waited.
And waited........
Finally food arrived, the fish was cold and bland and the steak was overcooked (it was medium straight through).  The lobster mashed potatoes were delicious, but absolutely not worth coming back for.  More like good enough for me to try this at home and skip the ridiculous amount of pretense that I encountered at Table 31.For my 24th Birthday Table 31 was my restaurant of choice. We had a somewhat larger party (9), but they had the space to accommodate us with no problem. The decor was simple, elegant, and romantic. Definitely appropriate for putting on your favorite dress, heels and drinking martinis.  
My meal was great--I prefer my meat cooked well done, and they made one of the best examples of juicy, tender, well cooked beef I have ever had. I wish I could say it was all good, but alas, 3 Stars.... 
My best friend, the vegetarian of the group, had an unfortunate dining experience.  The menu offered him minimal options, so when asked what he wanted to order, he gave the chef carte blanche. You would think at a George Perrier restaurant, this would result in a blow-your-mind, out-of-this-world creative dish--which although we weren't expecting, our server somewhat lead us to believe we could anticipate.  What arrived was an unfortunate plate of steamed spinach and broccoli for $25. Plain. There was literally nothing to it. The evening went south when the steamed green plate received a mild criticism and our server made no effort to acknowledge our comments.  I think we were hardly difficult, just a little weary of his "recommendation" to "surprise him".  As the server prepared the bill we watched as he deliberated what to do. We even watched as his manager suggested they take the meal off the bill.  Instead, what he decided to do was nothing. Because this was a special occasion the plan was to go, drop several hundred dollars, and leave stumbling from the martinis and the heels and raving about how great the evening was.  Instead, we decided to cut it a drink short, skip desert and go elsewhere to continue our evening.  
Although, as the guest of honor, I feel my opinion was the one that mattered most (and my food was admittedly delicious!) my friend certainly will not be dining there again.   And although my meal was good, I probably wouldn't go out of my way to dine here again.Beautiful spot but I definitely need to check it out when it isn't sips to give an accurate review. This place is packed elbow to elbow during and it's no easy feat to get your hands on a drink.
My drink, when I was able to get my hands on it, was kind of watered down. I would chalk that up to Sips but I am a firm believer that if you are offering something (like low prices) to get people in the door, you need to deliver to get them to stay and perhaps even return.
Overall, great location. I'll be back to give it another shot when it's less crowded but if they aren't up to par, it's unlikely I will return.I must be missing something. Table 31 was great.  I read the reviews and went into it not expecting much.  After winning a work gift certificate we decided to make it a date night.... and boy were were pleasantly surprised. 
We walked in on 5pm on a Saturday and were the only table there for most of our meal (by the end there were 3 other tables). 
We ordered 
CHILLED SHELLFISH TIMBALLO (Shrimp, bay scallops, scungilli, red peppers, citrus vinaigrette) - This was a perfect tower of freshness. 
CRAB AND CORN TORTA (Fresh corn, blue crab,  tomatoes, house made  burrata, salsa verde) - The homemade burrata alone makes this dish a hit.  Burrata like that is rare to find. SO GOOD!
Zuppa De Pesce - clams, mussels with a white fish.  The broth was some of the best broth I've had.  It was a perfect bread dipping broth... we were both floored by how great it was. 
Fillet Oscar - great cut of meat with a generous portion of crab, a whole roasted garlic and asparagus. 
Drinks were ok.  Servers were extremely knowledgeable.
Table 31 was a hit for us. A pricey for sure. Food is great.  I'm not sure why they weren't packed... but sometimes it's nice having the place (almost) to yourself.I was originally excited about my plans to dine at Table 31 because their website makes you think it's a great restaurant. Unfortunately, I was quite disappointed. From the bread basket & red pepper olive oil (the bread was cold and tasteless, and so was the olive oil sauce), to the vegetable dish (everything came fried even though it didn't say "fried" anywhere on the menu), everything was below average. The atmosphere is modern and trendy, but it was quite empty on a weekend evening for dinner...The good-
The anti-pasta appetizer was loaded with exotic cheeses and decent Italian meats. Steak was cooked perfect and tasted great. 
Service was good. waiter was attentive and on point.
Everyone I went with liked their dishes and I would say its a good spot for dinner.
The Bad-
The prices are more on par with Del-Frisco's or Union Trust but you don't get that ambiance or atmosphere. I'm not sure how to explain it but you just don't feel like your eating at a top spot but when the bill comes you def pay top price. 
Every time the door opens, you get a huge gust of cold air that runs threw the place. So wear your jacket.The "Happy Nights" happy hour is pretty decent.  The drinks are well made but a little over priced.  The service leaves much to be desired.  Yesterday, our server mistakenly charged me $12 (instead of $5) for my two glasses of wine. ..I ordered a third but he never brought it.  When I asked him to make the correction, he returned with a charge of $5 for THREE glasses of wine (again, I only had two).  When I brought this to his attention he waved me off and told me to "short the bill five dollars."  Not once did he apologize for the errors IN HIS FAVOR, or offer to bring the third glass of wine that I ordered.  If it weren't for the kindness of my companions and the current economic crisis, I would have short him a whole lot more than five dollars.
As an aside, they act like you are asking for a kidney when you want them to split the bill between two cards or one card and cash.I've been twice. The first time we were here was for dinner, a party of three, in late summer/early fall. We paid A LOT for our meal, and it was admittedly excellent, but we were there for what seemed like HOURS. Oh, wait. It was hours. And hours. Verrrrry leisurely service. When we complained, we were offered free dessert, but literally, we had been there for about 3 hours already and just wanted to leave. I think the manager comped an appetizer for us, but we were kind of unhappy over the long-ass wait for everything. 
I decided to give Table 31 another shot just last night. This time, our little party of 2 decided to eat at the bar. It was MLK Day and a Monday, so the place was dead. I think we were the only party in the whole place, and we were the only ones at the bar. Table 31 offers Happy Hour 4pm-7pm on weekdays, and since we arrived at about 6:30, we were pretty happy to try the Happy Hour specials. 
For Happy Hour, they offer a few beers and glasses of wine for 4 bucks each, and a signature cocktail for $6. We both decided to have a glass of the special Cabernet (Calina - from Chile) and it was nice and smooth and served in beautiful stemware. Also, all food items on the 'Sidebar' menu were half-price so we ordered a few things and settled in for a bit. 
I have to be honest when I tell you that while I was pleasantly surprised by the quality of my wine, I was prepared to be underwhelmed by the food. Often, when a place has food for 1/2 price, you see the quality and quantity decrease exponentially. Not so last night, except for maybe the cheese plate. 
The cheese plate, as mentioned above, was small, but for $7 it was okay. I can't imagine paying the full price of $14 for three tiny cheese samples, four little pieces of toast and a few grapes. But for $7? Sign me up. 
We also ordered the fancy fries, served with three dipping sauces and the pizza with Serrano ham, arugula and shaved Parmesan. Both were hearty and delicious. And at $4 for the fries and $6 for the pizza, you cannot go wrong. 
Our server/bartender was friendly and gregarious, and when I asked her about an interesting-looking bottle of vodka behind the bar, she chilled a little up and let us sample it gratis. Not everyone would do that. She also did an appropriate job in asking us if things were good, if we were happy, and if we needed anything, offering water, etc. but not bothering us when we were talking. I liked her a lot. 
I will absolutely come to Table 31 again, if just for the Happy Hour drinks and snacks.  Our bill before tip came to just over $35.  Niiiiiiice.Great happy hour, this is the #1 spot for Philly Sips on Wenesdays in the summers.
Inside, the food is average for a steak house, but the service at the bar leaves much to be desired.
Calamari is a great appetizer to start with, slighly peppery and no hint of being oily or greasy (although a larger portion would be nice).
The pizza's are hand tossed and large enough for 4 at the table to share as an appetizer.  you can't go wrong with the margherrita.
The steaks here are the most disappointing, you would expect more attention paid to the steaks in a steakhouse.  The filet is a little on the dry side, and be mindful that whatever you order will consistently come out a little more well done than what you ordered (my medium rare was medium-medium well)Are you a cougar looking for some fresh meat? Are you some fresh meat looking for a cougar? If you have answered yes to any of these questions, Table 31 is a place for you!!!! All jokes aside, the place is not bad but I have generally gone not out of my own accords but more to join other already there. They do have GREAT tequila (drinks and shots) happy hours, I have to confess....! And the fries and pizzas are also not too shabby... Now, cougars and alike aside, the clientelle is definitely on the white-colar type... The men are handsome, the women are beautiful, Channel and LV bags mix nicely with the Breitling watches while sky-high Louboutins are to-die-for... But don't expect to have a decent conversation, especially if you're inside, for the noise level can rival an Eagles game
Not my idea of the best happy hour place but definitely a place to be if you like tequila and you like mixing with that lawyer-financial analyst crowd, this is the place for youHorrible place... Went there for a a show and found out they somehow destroyed the artwork... Had barely any food for all the guests... Double booked the space for another event... And raised the bar prices made for this event only an hour into it. Don't bother with this place... The owner is not a good person and ruined an otherwise wonderful evening. I would give it 0 stars but that's not an option...I was there with a lady friend for a mid week lunch during the rain. 
No one offered to take our coats or umbrellas, however all the subsequent tables after us (mostly mens) coats were removed as well as umbrellas and bags, for the money we paid, the service was poor.   The places is masculine and geared towards men!Come here at night, in the dining room.  This place has an outdoor area and lounge, but the best food and service can be found right where and when it should be.
Unique French dishes, staff was attentive, and the ambiance was quiet and romantic.they don't go all out on desert like some french places,but their technique with their dishes makes up for it, putting them just behind some of the high scale restaurants in Philly.  It's also not an investment of a meal.
Great food, good price, bring a date, and you'll be a happy diner.I'm not able to give the review I wish I could because my meal was limited by a migraine attack. 
I know I'm not a kid anymore, but at the risk of sounding like an old lady it's entirely too loud downstairs. The sound hits you like a brick wall at the front door.
I dined with a group, and we sat upstairs in a quiet, fairly private corner. I was very relieved we were able to talk and enjoy each other's company after the initial loudness downstairs. The ambiance in that part of the restaurant was lovely.
Service was pretty good. No real complaints there.
A group of tween girls ran (yes, ran) past our table more than once, which pissed me off. It's not an appropriate setting for kids who don't know how to behave better than that, and I wished the management had been more on top of the situation.
As for the food: lovely. I stuck to the pasta fagioli and sampled the antipasti platter and bread. The soup featured a rich, herby broth that in and of itself was divine. Highly recommended. Two of my dining companions had the scallops and absolutely raved about them. Two others had the chicken and also enjoyed it greatly. I can attest that the smell wafting off their plates was indeed extraordinary.My partner and I chose this place one night for a special occasion. Service was good as was the food. The Delmonico, with the rub was delicious. When we were leaving, I went into the men's room. What a mistake. The entire room smelled of dried urine and no wonder as there were dried puddles of urine under the 2 urinals. All else flew out the window at that point. With what we paid for 2 people, you would expect a clean bathroom.....not here. Use some of the rub to soak up the urine and spare your customers the stench of dirty bathrooms.I took my business associates for what was supposed to be a relaxing dinner after a tough day of meetings. The service from the very beginning was bad and it just got worse and worse as the evening wore on.  We had to hail busboys to find our waiter, to get a fresh glass (after asking our waiter for one five minutes earlier) and poured our own wine, waited forever to get our water glasses filled, brought several entrees that were inedible - food did not come up at the same time and we had to eat while one of our guests waited for his meal which came much later...and in short, the bad service, cold food were not worth the expense. Would never go back again.Visiting Philly for a day, and this was walking distance from the hotel, and recommended by the concierge.  Oh man he was so wrong.
Tuesday and I walked in with the dashing Daniel and the hostess asked us about 20 questions before sitting us in their dark, dungeon-esc EMPTY dining room around 8pm.
The menu was boring, and very much wanting to be Italian.  Is it italian?  I have no idea.
Tuesday and Daniel both got the Salmon, and I got a 10oz filet.  Rare, please.
We order, and wait, and wait, and wait.  I was drunk off 1 glass of wine before the bread came for my dining companions.  The guy who brought the bread assured us it was fresh and just had come out of the oven.  Cold and tough.  What a liar.
Our meals finally arrived and my risotto appeared to be swimming- it was like risotto soup under my steak.  Whatever.  I hadnt eaten in 8 days.  Not a real meal anyway.  I wolfed down my veggies, and risotto before getting to the steak.  I was so excited for a cold center, bloody, nutritious, perfection-  EFF MY LIFE.  I cut into it.  There's no pink.  Not til I hit the middle where it was a hot pink center.  SO not rare.  I specified as bloody as legally possible.  Hell, bring it out raw, and I'll eat it.  Fine by me.
Well, after the long wait, and both my friends dissatisfied with their meals, I wasn't about to try again.  Also- I was ridiculously hungry.  
The manager came by when we were about 80% done with our meals and asked us how everything was.  Daniel and Tuesday both averted their eyes knowing that my mouth was about to fly open.
I explained the steak situation and he offered to remove it from our bill ($41).  I declined as I had eaten almost all of it, and it just didnt feel right.  Instead he comp'd the drinks, and even then I felt that was generous.  I don't want anything for free ever- I just want it done right.
Creepy gothic atmosphere, like a vampire would live there( i suppose thats 'in' right now).  Mundane food, over cooked steak, and according to the friends, lame, cold salmon.  
Go to Capital Grille.  Even though its a chain, at least you know it will be consistent.Who is this Lauren O, and does he/she realize that by responding to EVERY negative review of this restaurant, he/she is doing more harm that good???  You look petty and meanspirited.  Accept the fact that you are not the only gig in town and some aspects of your restaurant are lackluster.  In short, get over yourselves.  Now, having said that, I tried the Plaza for lunch one day.  The owner, Mr. Chris himself, was yelling at an employee and referred to her as a c**t.  Classy yet rude and maniacal.  So, in review: smelly bathrooms with dried urine--which evidently are not checked as you say or the urine would not have dried, staff who cannot accept criticism and a degrading owner....ah yeah, I will not be going back to this place.I saw a mouse. 
I went to Table 31 for lunch with a group of girlfriends to for a belated birthday celebration.  While eating our bread and waiting for our meal, we say a mouse.  We told the waiter and he saw the mouse poke out its head too.  We were promptly moved from our upstairs table to another table downstairs.  While our waiter assured us that an exterminator was on the way, a manager never came to speak to us about the situation, and we were never offered anything for our inconvenience (and slightly icky feeling due to the fact that we just saw a mouse run by).  
I may be spoiled, but if I'm paying $20 for a tuna burger at lunch I expect to be treated in a certain manner. And I don't expect to see mice.  I don't doubt that the restaurant is clean and that the problem will be addressed in the near future, but I was less than pleased with how the situation was handled and cannot say that I will go there again.Went here for dinner, wasn't very impressed, a little over priced for the ambiance and actual menu. Food was ok, but for price could have went somewhere better.Let me preface: I was here with friends for Center City Sips.  Even still...
So when you're out for Sips, you can't expect stellar service.  It would be unreasonable, given the cheapness of the food/drinks and the sheer numbers.
You should not, however, expect to have $30 worth of un-ordered food/drinks added to your bill.  You also should not expect that after leaving cash and a credit card to pay the bill and telling the waitress to deduct the cash from the bill and charge the remainder to the credit card,  that the waitress will pocket the cash and charge the entire bill to the credit card.  This is...wrong.  
A couple meetings with the manager cleared everything up, and he didn't fight me on anything, which was good, but, wow.
We got the "cic bean dip with focaccia" (read: hummous), which was tasty, but came with four (4) strips of focaccia.  $1/breadstick, I guess.  I could give or take the value / quality of this.  Though I stuck to beer, the lemonade cocktail was strong, so I suppose that's a plus.  I don't know...what do you say when you're indifferent about a potential positive?  
Previous Yelpers and Philadelphia Magazine have reviewed the lack of focus in the dinner menu and inconsistency of food preparation/presentation; I have no experience with that.  However, given those reviews and my Sips experience, I won't be going to Table 31 again, and would not recommend it to my friends.  I wanted to like it, I really did.  But I don't.An unforgettable experience I can say, food, service, timing the idea of having the chef come out and talk to us was very impressive...I can't understand some of the low reviews for this place.  Went here for restaurant week and was pleasantly pleased by the large number of choices.  The hostess was very nice and seated me even though my entire party hadn't arrived.  Sat by the large Windows facing 17th street and we had to move because it was too cold.  The waiter was very nice and helped us move to an inside table.  I had the steak with the sushi tuna appetizer which was very good.  For dessert had the amazing Apple tart which had cinnamon and ice cream.  Our server Chelsea couldn't have been nicer.  The steak wasn't the best I've ever had but it was good.  Four stars good.  Not quite five.I am surprised at the below 3 stars rating because I've eaten here twice and everything is very well prepared, nicely served, and delicious. However with that said, the young waiter we had seemed a little too anxious in increasing our bill with with drinks and an expensive bottle of Pelligrino that could have been drank by about 5 people. There were only two of us. We sent it back . When will center city restaurants stop gouging it's customers by serving huge bottles of expensive sparkling water? We just want a nice personal bottle of Perrier sometimes. The place is definitely worth a 3 star for sureits not too bad. service was slow, but the food did fill me up.....best pistachio creme brulee.I love this place. Their specials are amazing. The Pizza is Sinful, and the hand-cut French Fries are TO DIE FOR. I love French Fries. 
I'm not sure why it has such low ratings, but I enjoy it when I'm in the area. I've only been to Philly twice. My first trip we were starving, found the restaurant and decided to dine there because we were in a rush. We were not disappointed. The second time which was 3/23/13 I was coming from a funeral and insisted that I visit for the Fries alone. 
If that doesn't tell you something. I don't know what will.I've been to Table 31 for a number of business lunches. I've always enjoyed my food, usually they have a unique and delicious soup of the day as well as some interesting salad and sandwich options. Unfortunately the last time I visited they had taken my favorite mushroom salad off the menu, so I was forced to get the arugula salad with fried goat cheese. It was almost as good, but I'm still crossing my fingers that the Insalata Funghi comes back to the menu... 
The atmosphere is nice inside, and the waitstaff is always attentive. I would say that they take their time with the service which can lead to long lunches, so it's not the place to come if you're in any kind of hurry.We went to Table 31 for Happy Hour, during Center City Sips- so maybe not the best choice on our part, but there are so many ways in which they could have avoided making it such a miserable experience that I'm okay with giving the whole thing a lousy rating.
First of all, the bar is tiny and cramped, and made even more so by the significant number of tables that they have crammed in the space- they've effectively made seating, generally a plus, into a huge minus by making the area impossible to navigate. They roped off the rest of the restaurant, so that people looking for enough space to breathe were reduced to standing in front of the service entrances, or practically spilling into the lobby of the Comcast Center.
Second, we went for Sips, hoping for the menu that they had advertised online, but when we arrived we discovered that the actual menu available was completely different: instead of a yummy-sounding mango drink, the only thing available was a variation on a cosmo made with well booze. And instead of half-priced pizza and etc, if you wanted food, you could either pay their full (steep!) prices, or pay $7 for 3 small pieces of tuna sushi. And most insulting to me, they replaced their beer- instead of the craft white that was advertised, they were offering Bud Light, and as for the Victory Lager? Mine was much warmer than it should have been. Warm beer, really? Unfortunately, yes.
Then there was the crowd, which for happy hour was very much an older, suits and ties and bluetooth Blackberries crowd. That is clearly their target market- one of the TVs is permanently set to CNN money. So if you enjoy feeling like you're at a Wharton networking event, knock yourself out... As for me, I think this is one I can safely cross off my list.Last Saturday, I took my husband to Table 31 for his birthday. He had been craving a "great steak" all week and from what I had read, Table 31 was the place to go. The steak did not disappoint. It was excellent, exactly what you would expect from a high-end steak house. Meaning, one that you could get at any high-end steak house in Philly.  Our server was very congenial and knowledgeable about the wine and food menus. He was a delight. He was as delightful as other great waitstaff in Philly.
Despite the good food and friendly service, my husband and I will never be returning to Table 31. Throughout our meal, we heard a very angry man screaming profanity from the direction of their private room, kitchen and restrooms. I thought it was from the large private party down the hall. However, it turns out that the chef was berating his staff. Mind you, we weren't in a table right next to the kitchen. We were about 30-40 feet away from the kitchen door, separated by a room holding a large party and the restrooms. Our table was not the only ones to hear these tirades. The guests surrounding us were visibly taken aback as well. 
I guess the point of my review is, Philadelphia is known for its fine restaurants and restaurateurs. If my husband is craving a great steak, I'll be sure to go to somewhere else where the meal will be comparable. You can find a great steak and friendly service in many places is Philly. The kitchen staff's behavior was inexcusable, unprofessional and frankly unappetizing.I went here for Restaurant Week, and I had heard great things. It was really just OK, and I won't be going back for RW or otherwise. I look at RW as a chance to try places and if I like them, I will return all the time and not just for the special menu. 
Not Table 31. 
For appetizer I had the Antipasto Salad which highlighted genoa salami, provolone cheese, and red peppers. It had 2 tiny pieces of each of these things, and was mostly iceberg lettuce dumped with a not so tasty dressing. 
Entree was short ribs with creamy polenta and 'root vegetables'. Apparently root vegetables at Table 31 = 3 bites of carrot. The meat was OK, but anyone could make that at home. The polenta was the only decent thing. But none of the entree was hot enough. 
Dessert was so blah - chocolate cake that was described well, and completely disappointed. 
The service was OK, but the server forced our entrees on us even though we weren't done our apps. Then, the dessert took over 30 minutes when we were done our entrees! So they could get our dinner out, but not slice a piece of cake?? 
Big bummer!Flabbergasted.
I went here on a beautiful summer evening with my sister, and we were happy to see that there was outdoor seating in front of the Comcast Building.  We thought it would be awesome to chill and hang out in the open air, so we asked a bartender if we could sit anywhere.  
We sat down in a booth, and 3 servers walked back and forth past us, made eye contact, but no one came over.  They then stood 15 feet from us talking amongst themselves, again looked over, and still no one comes over. In the meantime, the bartender we spoke to was talking with someone that looked like a manager, who also looked at us a few times, but made no attempt to come over. 
We finally had enough after sitting there for 10+ minutes with no greeting, so we got up to leave.  As we walked past the original bartender, we told him we were leaving because no one took care of us, and he was genuinely apologetic.  The wait staff shrugged and claimed they didn't know we were not being waited on, yet no one made an attempt to ask us to stay and make up for the horrible service.  To top it off, as we walked off, the guy who I presumed to be the manager pointed to the bartender and laughed at him for us walking out.  Seriously?Love this restaurant! I went there last year with a great buddy of mine. We were trying out the drinks, food and atmosphere. We ate at the bar and had a great time...so great that I don't remember how I got back to his apt. Oh the fun we had! I do remember the pricing being very high (of course I ordered the $60 steak which pissed off my buddy since he was paying but after a couple of drinks, he totally mellowed out). I would go there again, only if my buddy would take me again. :-)disclaimer: only experience was in the outdoor portion on a thursday night after 8pm.
decided on this place since a friend had a flyer about ladies specials and dj.
got there and no ladies specials apparent...we had to ask.
no dj.
got an interesting eggplant pizza...but not over the moon or anything.
and they took FOREVER with getting us the check or even running the card. there was my card and a lot of cash. someone joked we could have just left all the money and I could have taken my card back. and at that point we were one of the only groups left; they weren't that busy.Pros:
 - attentive and accomodating wait staff
 - pretty tasty food 
 - supremely strong drinks
Cons:
 - too pricey for what you get
 -Too little service for too much money. Table 31 is an overall poor value and manages to under perform at every level. 
Service was slow and poorly informed. Drinks were served in tacky glasses. It took 20 minutes to take care of our Groupon, and they offered us nothing (not even much of an apology) for putting us out.A Perrier restaurant, this place has upscale written all over it. Don't be confused by the shack of a restaurant out front, it is not part of Table 31. During Center City Sips, this place is packed. Everyone in suits, it is generally a older crowd sipping their wonderful Sangria. come here with people you already know, since it is not the kind of place to meet people, unless you have something to offer them.
All in all, good drinks, upscale vibe, but crowded in the bar.Food was quite good. Service below average. I was in town from San Francisco and the concierge at the hotel sent me to Table 31 for dinner. I read the Yelp reviews after booking and was a bit nervous. 
First, if you are with a date and want to talk, ask for a booth upstairs. Very intimate and still in the mix. Downstairs was way too loud and congested. 
Second, I have to say the food was tasty. I had a steak and it was really good. The chop salad - also yummy. 
Third, maybe this is Philadelphia, but our server was really distracted. Very knowledgeable, but always rushing off to do something. 
Bottom - line. We had a nice time and the food was tasty.Food was pretty good, service was ok and menu was limited but had great choices and very classy place  ;-)We went there on a whim and on a Saturday night. No reservation - no wait?!? We walked in and walked directly to the dining area.  We were seated in the very center of the restaurant.  Atmosphere is typical of fine dining with nothing too spectacular. If you're on a first date and would like some quiet time-I suggest you go elsewhere. 
Food was good...service was...good...overall experience was good minus the mishap on our wine.
As we were seated at our table. My husband goes directly to the wine list as he always enjoys a bottle with dinner. Their "Jr. Sommelier" had mentioned that the restaurant was doing a special- 20% on all of their bottled wines.  My husband had decided and went for a $95 bottle. 
The waiter came to us stating that the bottle that we had selected was no longer available and that he would substitute it with a very nice $150 bottle instead for the same amount plus the additional 
20%. 
That didn't happen... At the end of our meal we had to request for the check to be adjusted and it was however not with the additional 20%. Just a bit baffled that we even had to ask-especially when it was offered to us. 
1 star deduction-
Please... Table 31 do yourself a favor. Have an "efficient" open line of communication between your waitstaff and your sommelier.  If your serving $40 steaks.... there  shouldn't be an excuse.I went to Table 31 for a family dinner last Saturday.  It was not a good experience from the food, to the drink, to the service.  My family went to able 31 about a year ago and everything was great. This place has since gone down hill.  The dip for the bread was rancid and the messed up the order with our appetizers.  They need to get their act together if the want to compete with the best restaurants in rittenhouse square, the place was also empty on a Saturday night.We dined at Table 31 for Restaurant Week.  Overall, I was disappointed with the restaurant, especially the service.  I had read reviews about service being slow, but figured it was people just being overly critical -- well, turns out they were right.  
Food was average but I feel that's to be expected during Restaurant Week.  Atmosphere was really good, the place presented well, and everything was clean.  All of our wine selections were excellent, so that was some added points, but the server was not overly knowledgeable about the list, so we just selected ourselves and got lucky.
Got to meet Chris Scarduzio at the bar, so that added a few extra points.I have to say that I was greatly impressed with Table 31's service and food...especially after reading what seemed to be some not-so-pleasant experiences from other patrons.
I met my friends there on a Friday night with my husband.  He valeted the car (free on fri and sat, sweet!), and we had a few drinks for happy hour.  Good beer selection, red and white wine.  Drinks that were not on the happy hour list were definitely a bit pricey though.
After hh, we were escorted upstairs to a great table seated above the bar.  It was a great view, comfy seats, and lots of space.  Since we were there for restaurant week, the menu was nicely put together, reasonable, and very tasty.  The servers were super fun and timely with the meals.  I would have to say, overall, Table 31 was a great dining experience!On a business trip to Philly, was brought here by a local.
Place was nice, comfortable and clean.  Good start.  Hardly anyone in dining room on Thursday night at 7PM.  uh oh.
My fears were put to rest.  By the time we left they were on a wait.  Had a great beet salad and some fantastic pasta.  Tried a buddy's scallopini..pretty good.  Pretty good at that.
A few desserts and a couple beers completed the trip.  Had Sly Fox on draft, along with the usual junk.  Kudos to them for realizing (sort of) that craft beer is the only segment of the market that is growing.
Chef came around and said hello, the sommelier was fantastic, the server was smart, quick and funny.  I didn't have to pay.
Nothing really wrong with this visit, other than some disrepair in the restroom.  I would definitely go back.  Saw a few seafood items go out that looked great.  Hopefully I can find someone to pay again!