This place has been around for years and still decent...They have been living off their reputation these days and their loyal customers...To be honest, quality and service has suffered over the years because of that but still a nice place to go and enjoy pizza!!!  It's BYOB so even better!!  Enjoy if in neighborhood but have a call ahead of time...In my opinion, there are 4 things that make a place great: good food, fair price, atmosphere/service, and most important....CONSISTENCY!   Taconelli's has one of these 4. good food.  not great.....good.  they used to be great, but not anymore. they are way too expensive, the service is borderline dreadful, and they are NOT consistent.  i will get a pie, and it is fantastic, the next day, horrible. can you imagine having to order your dough at 11am, to pick it up at 4pm, and you have to wait for 25 minutes when you get there?? that pizza better make me tingley if i have to deal with that nonsense. And it does not make me tingley. i live in port richmond, but drive to the taconelli's in new jersey!!!  what does that tell ya!!A friend of mine had told me to go here some time ago.  I finally got around to making a visit.  WOW!!  We had the red and white pies and it has been some of the best pizza I have had since moving to the northeast.  The white pie was my absolute favorite and I look forward to my next visit here.I've been hitting up Tacconelli's since high school but that was before yelp was kewl. If you dont know the drill, cash only, call ahead and pre-order your dough (reservation obv), don't order more than 2/3 toppings. Oh they're also BYO!
I'm a thin pizza kinda gal and Tacconelli's fits my needs (hence the less than 3 toppings rule). We ordered a pepperoni, extra cheese, and white with spinach and tomatoes. I liked the white the best but all were great. 
Hands down best pizza in Philly.I've heard tales about Tacconelli's and now I know why it's a neighborhood staple and Philadelphia institution. The pizza is great. The crust is thin, the sauce is really tasty, and it's topped with quality cheese. This place has rules though, so be aware of them before you show up. You call ahead and order the number of pies you'll eat - if you're still hungry too bad. If you're full and want to cancel a pie, you're out of luck. You ordered it; you're taking it home. Totally Philly, right. Expect a crowd, some noise, and a pizza you'll still be thinking about a week later.I ate here with family from out of town about a month ago on a Saturday night, wanting to show them a Philly classic. The original  white pizza with spinach and tomato is always fantastic. Unfortunately, the service leading up to being seated was less than desirable. We had a reservation for 6:00 PM but we weren't seated until 6:45 with absolutely zero apologies from the host. 45 minutes waiting on their bench isn't the best of experiences.calling to reserve dough? and almost 20 bones for a pie ... in Kennsington? cuz the crust is thin enough my fat ass ate a whole pie by myself ? either way the margherita pizza is pretty tops. near perfect thin crust and a very nice sauce, I personally would take a bit more cheese but let's no quibble. I would stick to the margherita though, the other times I had pie's w/ toppings I have not been too impressed w/ the quality. the mushrooms tasted like they were from a can and the anchovies were pure shit. sausage and pepporoni were acceptable but the real star was the margherita...u sexy, saucy  little bitch !Make sure to make a reservation a few days in advance because they tend to book up. Made a reservation for a Friday night for 5 people and when we went in, got seated right away. Got 5 pizzas, the crust is thin so it's easy to have multiple slices....plain, Margherita, pepperoni, the special (white with tomatoes and spinach) and peppers and sausage. All delicious and able to take home whatever we didn't eat! Definitely recommend!Best pizza in Philadelphia, hands down.  Thin, sweet, garlicky, crispy while somehow still being chewy.  It's soooo good.  It's one of two pizza places that makes me say, "this is DEFINITELY the best pizza I've ever had" every time I eat there.  The other place is De Lorenzo's tomato pies in Trenton, NJ.  
Pizzas are a bit expensive and they are thin so you may need to order a bit more than you are used to but it's totally worth it.I won't lie and say the pizza is bad.  There is something wrong with someone who would claim that.  But $15/person for pizza in a place that serves NOTHING other than pizza, and serves it on paper plates, is a rip-off.  No salads, no pastas, no desserts, NOTHING OTHER THAN PIZZA.  This is absolutely not a place to bring a date or even a spouse.  It's unattractive and your breath will smell.
All that being said I would strongly recommend that potential diners ignore the temptation to order like you would in a regular pizza place IE pizza with pepperoni, sausage, green peppers, and onions, and do as the locals do;  Get a white pizza with crushed tomatoes and spinach.  I've been here numerous times and recently found the tomato sauce on the regular pies to by WAY too sweet.  I don't remember this being the case in the past - the recipe must have changed, and not for the better.Happy New Year!  
I came here with my friends for NYE dinner and we were lucky to get a table.  Its a one man show so you have to book the # of pies in advance.  That's because the oven can fit only 6 pizzas at a time.  This is a casual sitting, BYOB and you can even bring your own salad (I'm def doing that next time).  You are there for the homemade authentic Italian pizza, again made by one man, so patience is required.
The 5 of us shared 4 pies and we polished them!  My fave was the one with spinach and tomato.  Thin crust as is expected from authentic Ital pizza.  It was just awesome!  Great service and you can go in the kitchen area to watch the show too.
Perk:  There's a small parking lot one block away for patrons.  You will have a great time!I'm going to out and tell you that my review will not be an accurate reflection of how good Tacconelli's is. Many reviewers less humble than I would purport to provide an authoritative opinion on their culinary experience in a given review, although in reality they ordered the crappy "experimental" dish like 10 minutes before closing time on a Saturday night. 
Being a man of truthfulness - an Esq., even! - I will make no such misrepresentations. Instead, I will inform you here and now that when I review a restaurant, I tend to abide by the Rule of One. Meaning, if there is one entree at a restaurant that I love, then the place is getting 4 or 5 stars, even if the place is located in the middle of a fallout zone and all the other dishes at the place are made out of cyanide and pure materialized misanthropy. Tacconelli's is such a place and their margherita (with sausage and basil, natch) is that One Entree. I'm not even going to justify my love on a public forum because that would kick-start my withdrawal symptoms.
If you told me that eating this stuff would turn me into a kangaroo, I'd start looking for a joey I could wear in my pouch. The End.My favorite pizza ever..I have lived down the street from Tacconelli's my entire life and some of my first memories involve this pizza.
The basic red, and white with spinach pizzas are my absolute favorite. If you make reservations plan on waiting and make sure you "reserve" more pizza than you think you can eat because these pies disappear quickly.
Also the waitstaff is cranky and they will probably make you wait but the pizza itself is worth it.Best pizza in philly.... not much more to say. 
Order your dough ahead of time. Which take about what? 30 seconds? It's insanely easy, you can even call same day. The white pizza with spinach and tomato's is the greatest thing on the planet. Kinda of expensive tho. (like 20$) You get what you pay for.(to the tune of "Paris" by The Chainsmokers)
We were up in Port Richmond
Kinda feeling an itch for 
Some pizza, now
If you've got beer and wine somehow
BYOB for dinner WOW
Reserving the dough takes
a little forethought and some planning, yes
But you get what you're paying for
And those crispy pies will please a crowd, for sure.
If we get toppings, then we can only get two
We'll slowly eat our way through
The entire Tacconnelli's menu
(Entire menu, entire menu....)
We'll slowly eat our way through
The entire Tacconnelli's menu
Yeah that crust is so crunchy
And the menu's so tiny
But you'll be glad
They only do one thing, so don't get mad
These piping hot pizzas are not a fad
Gotta reserve dough
Pie's take an hour so enjoy your wine
Make a salad, and pass the time
Because that pizza: it's so, so fine.
If we get toppings, then we can only get two
We'll slowly eat our way through
The entire Tacconnelli's menu
(Entire menu, entire menu....)
We'll slowly eat our way through
The entire Tacconnelli's menu
Old school. They do ONE thing: pizza. Two toppings max. Reserve dough in advance. It takes a while, though, after you order. If you're hungry, bring some snacks! The pies come out as they're ready.  You won't be disappointed.
Unless you want soda, Following the soda tax, they'll shame you for ordering it, so just... BYO-something else.When my friend told me about reserving PIES in advance...I was like HUH???! SERIOUSLY?? but after having their awesome pie, I fell in love~ and it's BYOB! Even though it takes some times for each pie to come out since it's a "one man, one oven operation." it's just TOO GOOD that you forget how much time you had to wait for them. lol
TRY:
ALL of their pies 
SERVICE:
Good
AMBIANCE:
Family friendly.
I CANNOT WAIT to go back :)This is the best pizza ever!   It is so good, you have to make reservations. . . for the dough! I always burn the top of my mouth biting into their piping hot pizza with the oh so yummy tomato sauce chock full of garlic.  And their mushrooms aren't janky button mushrooms.  No, these are succulent, thick slices of heaven.  If you are in Philadelphia, you have to eat here!We were house sitting in the are and decided it was finally time to eat here, especially as it had just been written up as one of 50 things to try in Philly.  Went with friends, there were four of us, and two of us are known for being slightly piggish, so we got three pizzas.  After calling ahead. To order dough. Which seems stupid.  And annoying.  Pizza is supposed to be one of those care free foods, you pick it up on a whim, hence the not needing plates or silverware, but whatever Philly is as Philly does.
The white pizza was awesome, and I don't like white pizza.  The spinach topping was delicious and it was garlic-y enough to have bite.  The margarita pizza was great too, the plain pizza with mushrooms was ho-hum, nothing really special with canned mushrooms.  
The decor was low-key and casual, the place was loud but not Fudrucker's loud just kind of diner loud, never a distraction, just enough to keep your conversation relatively unheard.  
It was expensive for pizza.  Which was surprising, everything screams like the place is going to be an insane deal, and then it just wasn't. Not Osteria pricey, but definitely more than I expected. $18 for the Margarita pizza, and we ate all three.  
Definitely an experience restaurant, and if you're rich, maybe even a staple restaurant, for me it will be an out of town guest type treat.Top 5 pizza's in the city! This place is a bit of a drive (10-15mins) from the city but is definitely worth it. They use a brick oven that has been on premise since 1930's or something. Make sure you call in the morning or the day before to tell them exactly how many pies you want to order. If you have a big group coming also make sure they can accommodate you. Its a bit ridiculous that you have to order your pie in advance (hence the minus 1 star) but besides that the food itself is awesome. I think the oven might not be a BIG commercial size b/c it usually takes them forever to get the order to your table if you have over 2+ pies. We usually go there with 8-10 people and we end up spending 2+ hours. Also, they are a BYOB. I am a big fan of their margarita and sausage pizza! Do try!We got in here last minute on a Saturday night. (Thank you August vacationers!) Ordered two white pies, one with prosciutto the other with spinach and tomatoes.  Both were outstanding. Crispy, bubbly, garlicky, and a little bit salty, this pizza is unique and delicious. It puts all other pizza to shame. 
The place looks exactly like it did when I first came here as a Penn grad student in 1993. Turquoise Naugahyde booths, Tiffany lamps, woodgrain tables, and Guys and Dolls loos. So old school and relaxing. Love the long-armed wooden pizza paddle that allows the oven operator to insert pizza from 15' out.Tackynelli's The gimmick of reserving your dough in the morning, ohh how exotic!
I "reserved" my dough 30 minutes before I arrived.
Oh my god this is the best pizza I have ever had, I can't wait to go back. Oh I'm supposed to be reviewing tacconnelli's, not manfredi in napoli?..
Well here goes. We ordered a margarita. They made us wait long enough( 50 minutes) that you would expect the pizza to be amazing, maybe they were busy adding sugar to the sauce, that I am sure could be shaped into candy if it were placed in a mold. 
They lost a chunk of our pizza in the oven, then subtracted a proportionate amount of money from our bill as if each section of the not so large pizza was worth exactly $2, meaning the entire pizza costs $19 and some change, instead of giving us a discount proportionate to our inconvenience. Lest you think I am a cheapo, I would gladly pay $30 for a nice sized pizza that could replicate napolitano pizza.
Oh and they used THAI basil on the pizza?? The pizza tasted like basil and licorice.
To summarize: The 50 minute wait, average taste, exorbitant price. I wouldn't go so far as to recommend chucky cheese's over this place, but go anywhere else that is somewhat good.Went here for the first this past weekend.  Not impressed AT ALL,    first off   we had ordered 3 Pizzas,   sit down at 6:30  and maybe close 7:30 a waitress comes by and says   something happened to one of the pizzas,  sorry we are working on it.  ok  so in half hour  they could not bring out one of the others we ordered.  Did they try and make good for it,  take one pizza off the bill NOPE  NOTHING!!   Pizza was close to burnt,  I understand thin crust,  not a big fan But I  understand it however  they rushed out the pizzas at this point which is now 7:30 by the time we saw one slice it was WAY over done.  I have had better pizza in school cafeterias. Sorry  everybody, I dont see the big fuss about this place is.  Im in NE philly,  I will stick to good old ALDOS!!!!Great small town feel! Only serve pizza. The best pizza in town- hands down! Red and white checkered plastic table cloth, paper plates, and paper cups. Highly unpretentious and very charming!!This is a great old time pizza place.  The pizza is really good.  It has a thin crust and is very tasty.I have been eating here since I was a little kid and now bring my entire family here.  The best pizza in the world.  You need to call ahead and order your dough but the pizza is amazing.  My 6 year old son love it here as well.  Highly recommend it. Family owned and operate forever.Best pizza in Philadelphia. Period. Call ahead to reserve the dough. BYOB. Downside is the neighborhood it it's better than it used to be.Went last night with a party of 9. The pizzas were perfectly done. The pepperoni, white w/tomatoes, onion, plain white w/garlic...all were crisp but not burnt. Some in the family claim that  timing your visit is everything. Delicious. The peppers in oil that they serve along with the pizza (long hots?) just make the pizza even more special. Take a few bottle of wine, some friends and family and it's a perfect night!If you like real pizza in a real, authentic Philadelphia setting, and you like having a good time -- this place is for you.
The pies are so good and are made with attention to detail and quality. The crispness was spot on and the cheese, sauce, and toppings ratio was spot on.
Their white pie with spinach and tomatoes was surprisingly a standout of the meal, would highly recommend. The pepperoni is also very good.
Atmosphere is authentically Philly neighborhood vibe which is very cool. If you think having paper plates or plastic cups as part of your dining experience impacts your ability to experienced a amazing pizza, than this place may not be for you. For me I think it only adds to the experience!
This place is a BYO. Be sure to bring your own wine and beer, we even saw some people coming from a tailgate bring in a rolling cooler!Tacconelli's is a family owned pizzeria in Port Richmond. The inside of Tacconelli's seems like any other pizzeria but it's the quality of their pizza that  sets them apart. Their pizza has a thinner crust and you must order the dough ahead of time. I tried the white pizza with spinach and whole tomatoes which was delicious. I also had a slice of the regular pie sausage and one with pepperoni. They are know for their white pizza, but I personally liked the regular pies better. The sauce was just perfect and had a sweetness to it.  Tacconelli's is also BYOB which is nice. It is a little pricier than other pizza places but worth it. Make sure to order the dough ahead of time as they do sell out relatively quickly.A Fishtown gem. The white pie is amazing.
And the classic tomato and cheese is no dog it's worth the wait. I would recommend ordering an extra pie because you're going to be loathing for this the next dayThere is pizza and there is Tacconelli's pizza. Everyone else can just hope to be nearly as good.I have eaten every pizza that they have. The Margarhita truly lets you appreciate their wonderful sauce. Perfectly crisp thin crust, right amount of sauce, perfect amount of cheese, toppings. Have al lthe extra seasonings o nthe table like they should. I you do not like this pizza, then you are without a shadow of a doubt a moron, an idiot, have no actual tastebuds in your mouth at all, are from New York, and/or just suck at life in general. Don't go there again and go order you papa johns or if you are fro mthe other end go order a 20 dollar pizza at osteria and stick your food pretensions up your butt.Yes, you have to call to reserve your dough but the margherita pizza is just amazing and worth the wait and hassle.  The crust is remarkably thin and simultaneously crispy, chewy, and flavorful.  The sauce is flavorful and topped off by the perfect amount of mozzarella and basil.  Love it!  BYOB and bring stuff to do while you wait (that iphone and ipad will definitely come in handy).-Tacconelli's made the one of top 10 us pizza lists so I had to try it when I was in town 
-Reserved my pie three days in advance for pick-up 
-Want to go back to eat in (byob) and really cute and comfy inside
-I got the cheese pizza with extra cheese... sauce was really good and so was the pizza but the dough wasn't cooked all the way so I wasn't overly impressed  
Best pizza ever is still in NJ/NY but this pizza is very good for Philly. 
Eat in and byob.The pizza, when not burnt, is pretty darn good. The customer service, however, is pretty darn bad. And it's BYOB. 
I went with a group of about 8 girls and arrived 20 mins early for our 7:30 pm reservation. We ordered 8 pizzas (too many) and were told they would bring them out as they were ready since you can only fit 4 pies on a table at a time (valid point). We didn't receive our first pizza until well after 9 pm when other tables around us, who arrived later than us, received their first and second rounds. I will mention that a few of the pies were charred (read: burnt) but not inedible. 
We received our last pizza after 10 pm, which was BURNT. Not charred from the oven, but burnt to hell with the crust so hard I couldn't bite it. The waitress told me either I could keep the pizza (and pay for it) or she could throw it away, but they didn't have any more dough left so she couldn't replace it. I chose to throw it away instead of pay $22 for something I couldn't eat. 
I recommend asking for the pizza to be on the under-cooked side and maybe you'll get a perfectly cooked pizza. Because the ones that weren't burnt were exceptional. 
Oh, parking. There is a "lot" quite close. I use quotations because I'm not sure it's a parking lot, just an open space where cars were already parked. I blocked my friend in so we could fit two-deep.Eh....kind of disappointed what with all the hype of reserving the dough ahead of time. The pizzas were good, but the wait to receive them was insane. We waited at least an hour for 2 pizzas and then another half hour for our third (which by then we kind of just wanted to leave as we were full!). When the bill came, I couldn't believe it was $56 for 3 pizzas! I'm glad I got to experience it as I have heard a lot about it but I'm pretty sure I won't go back! I mean, regular pizza from my generic neighborhood pizzeria is maybe not quite as good but the price is right and it's ready in 10 minutes!Saw Tacconelli's on the Food Network as one of the Top 50 Pizza Restaurants in America.  Being from New Haven, I was surprised to see any Philly pizza make the top 50.  Tacconelli's is deserving.  Thin and crispy crust with a great sauce.  The tomato and spinach is the signature pie and delicious.  Loved the bubbles on the crust.
Sure, this is just one guy's opinion, but WIP named it Best Pizza in Philly.  And, then there's the Food Network Top 50 in America.The pizza is good, but the service is TERRIBLE. I brought my children and friends and we waited for over an hour for our pizza (dough for which I had to pre-order that morning). The older waitress sneered at us and made a number of insulting comments. While the pizza is good, it is not worth leaving children to sit and wait for over an hour while other tables get served and dealing with rude servers. We made the trip from Center City and I was excited to support a family business, but it was clear that our business is not welcome. I recommend enjoying one of the many other great pizza shops in Philadelphia.Simply the best pizza in Philadelphia. Amazing thin crust. Sometimes they're sold out and you can't order it on a whim but if you have the time to reserve your dough...it's the best.The pizza was good. It is overpriced. The mushrooms and pizza sauce tasted like they came out of the can. The soda was good! But other than that just walk by and say 'Well, I am not going to eat here!"It's so funny - the combination of all of these reviews is so accurate to explain what to expect, but still it doesn't really prepare you for this place. 
I'll write a few new things that, in addition to everything else said here (reserve your dough, be prepared to wait, it's kind of expensive, the pizza is great, etc.), will maybe help even more. 
Reserve your dough: Yep. But a day before or even in the morning? No - this is not what I experienced. We called up 30 minutes before we told them we were going to turn up and got two pies set aside for us, no problem. 
You will wait : Well, sort of. You won't wait too long to sit down, but look around and  you'll realize there is a reason some people brought enough booze to tailgate a Phils game. You will chill at your table for a while.  We waited almost an hour for our pizza. BRING BEER or else you'll sip on warm diet coke for your hour of waiting because the wait staff is just not used to serving drinks. Everyone has coolers full of beer. You need to bring beer to make this experience work. It's no big deal to wait a bit as long as you're prepared. 
The pizza is amazing:  Sure. I'll buy that. It is pretty good. Just heed this warning: 
Skip anchovies. 
Seriously, I have never seen a restaurant put this many anchovies on a pizza. It was so salty it was almost inedible. We did get a 2nd pie that was less aggressive. Crisp, fresh, tasty sauce. Just trust me on the anchovies. We kind of did it as an experiment, and when you wait an hour for your pizza, you don't want to take chances. So.salty.
It's expensive: Yep, that one is on target. We paid almost fifty dollars for two pizzas. But you know why? Because they have to charge that much. It's like supply and demand on crack. They have only one oven. It takes an hour for every pizza to come out, and they know they have a good product. They have to charge a lot to turn a profit with those turnaround times. It sounds odd given that they sell out every night, but think about it. They sell out because they are so limited in how many pies they can sell per night and have no liq license. You're paying for that relatively stubborn approach to production. 
So...at the end of the day, I'm glad I went. It was an experience and something I've been meaning to do. In the future, though, I will order my pies in advance and get them for take out at a time I can come in and pick them up, and then I'll just heat them in the oven at home and enjoy at home. The pizza is great, but the way they operate is a hassle. I'm not complaining, and I knew what I was getting into, and I know why it is how it is. I am just saying, it's for some people and it's not for others.Do you have to order your doughs in advance?  YES
Do you wait unreasonably long or your pizza?  YES
Is it loud and cramped?  YES
IS IT THE BEST PIZZA ON THE PLANET?  YES!!Tacconelli's without a doubt the best pizza in Philadelphia. If you don't want to take my word for it feel free to take it from 610-WIP, GQ, Playboy, Citysearch, Best of Philly Magazine or Zagat. And Forbes 10 Best Pizzas in the US, Eater.com, Philly Beer & Food ... 
The pizza is thin crust style cooked in a brick oven. I highly recommend the White with Spinach and Tomato, Margerita and Regular with Pepperoni and Sausage, they're all spectacular. 
Now on to why other reviewers seem to complain: 
Yes, you have to order your dough ball in advance. They can only cook a certain number of pizzas in the brick oven at once so once they hit the limit for that day you're SOL. They're open Wednesday through Sunday and sell out every night. If you don't want to order the dough, that's fine it just makes it easier for those of us who've mastered the use of the telephone. 
UPDATE: Some other reviewers seem to think Tacconelli's doesn't order enough ingredients, etc. which is why you need to reserve dough. I can confirm that is not the case. They've been doing this long enough they know exactly how many pies they can cook each night. Suppose that number is 200. They will accept reservations up to 195 pies, leaving a few for the staff at the end of the night and in case one or 2 get burned in the oven. The local residents, PD and FD often try to stop in 15 minutes before they close knowing the reserve pies might be available since John rarely screws up. The only thing I've ever heard of them running out of is sausage later in the night.
Yes, the pizza is more expensive than the delivery place around the corner from your house. Of course going simply by the supply and demand theory of economics it's under priced since the demand is far greater than the supply. Again why you need to order the dough in advance. 
Yes, there is a wait, but the pizza is made from scratch when you order it and there's a restaurant full of people ahead of you. However it's a BYOB, bring a cooler of beer or a bottle of wine and sit and enjoy yourself while you're waiting. 
Yes, they would like you to leave fairly soon after you finish eating. That's probably because they're trying to serve the mass of people who always seem to be sitting on the benches waiting for a table. If you want more time go later in the evening to avoid the dinner rush and hungry eyes of everyone waiting for their turn to get their pie. 
As far as the waitresses being rude, I've never personally experienced that. They've always been sweet, very helpful and attentive to me. What I can tell you is that if you have an attitude or complain about any of the aforementioned items, don't expect them to smile and take it like the High Schooler at your local Pizza Hut. If you didn't bother to find out what to expect before you went, that's your fault. Deal with it. They don't need you to come back ... remember the whole supply and demand thing. They know if you don't buy that pizza next time, it's OK, because I will.
UPDATE: Another tip, If you're a duechebag or have duechebag tendencies don't bother going. Case in point, this past Saturday. My wife, son and I are enjoying our pizza when the booth across from us (2 couples, one guy in a pink shirt, clearly the d-bag) starts complaining about the wait. They had come in before us, but we got our pizza first, etc. The waitress explained one of their pizzas had sausage which takes longer to cook than the White with Spinach & Tomato we ordered. Should have been the end there, but of course pink shirt guy couldn't drop it. Kept complaining then loudly made the brilliant comment "Well then I don't want my 2 pizzas anymore". I couldn't let a stupid comment like that, and I love the sausage there, so I quickly offered take that one, then the group behind me took the other. Pink shirt guys dining companions just looked at him, suddenly realizing they'd waited for nothing, because they went with a d-bag. The lesson: Act like a jackass and not only might the waitress take you down a notch, the regulars might too.if you go there call ahead of time once the dough is reserved for customers there is no more i called about 2weeks ago to reserve dough i was told it was all sold out. dont call it a pizza when you order one call it a tomato pie if you call it a pizza they will hang up on you.Tacconelli's is the pretty girl that thinks she can just stomp all over your heart and make you jump through hoops because she knows you'll still love her no matter what...
...and sadly, she's right.
Everything you've heard is true. You have to call ahead the morning of to reserve your dough. You have to drive out to mysterious depths of Kensington. You have to wait forever to be noticed. You have to wait forever and a half to be served.
But holy crap, the quality of the pizza they serve is like the definition of the term "worth it." The crust is thin, the sauce fabulously sweet, the toppings fresh. Go with the white, margherita, or spinach pies. You can also do half and half, but I don't think the results are as good.
Oh, and bring your own beer (they only have soda there). Always makes everything better.Wow... I can't believe people think Tacconelli's is good pizza...  It's obvious most have never actually had good pizza.  If you think sauce from a can, uncooked pepperoni, no garlic on the menu, and "crust" as thin as your napkin which means you can't get more then two toppings, spells good pizza, then frozen "steak-em" meat must also satisfy your cheese steak appetite.  I saw a photo of the owner in front of Pepe's pizza in new Haven with his thumbs down.  That's another joke.  It's ridiculous to even explain the many ways Pepe's puts Taconelli's to shame, but here's just a few: home-made sauce, home made sausage, real garlic, olive oil, crust to die for: the very thing that creates hour waiting lines virtually every day -10 degrees or downpours and why Presidents dine there and why NYC residents drive all the way to New Haven just for Pepes pizza.  I've just tried Taconelli's for the 2nd time in the past 8 years.   I figured I should give it another shot, but I duped by the hype.  It was really lousy - I'm sorry to say, b/c I really love great pizza and wanted to think there was some here in Philly.  But, no need to try again...  Seriously, everyone that gave them 5 stars, you need to try real pizza - Pepes.  It'll make you rewrite your review here...As if Tacconelli's needs anymore positive reviews, but here I go anyway.  So I have HAD Tacconelli's (the my dad brought it home as a leftover and I ate it for breakfast kind and it was the best breakfast I had) but I had never actually BEEN to Tacconelli's before. 
I had been dying to get there to try out their pie and lent was approaching.  What a better excuse than lent to go out for Pizza on a Friday (as if anyone needs an excuse for pizza).  Anyway I suggested to the BF that he invite his friends to come down from their faraway land of Bucks County to go out with us for pizza and before we knew it our reservation grew from 2 to 7 people (and 5 pies because why not).  They suggest 2 people per 1 pie and for fear of like I dunno going hungry (like that would ever happen) we rounded up.  It kinda worked out perfect but we did end up with about 7 or 8 extra slices, a hodge podge of what was left over from each pie.
Let me cut to the chase.  This pizza was amazing and I would go back and eat it every Friday and probably never grow sick of it.  The crust was thin and it was so full of flavor and now I am just salivating writing this review.
Facts:
*Need one pie for every two people.
*BYOB because it makes it that much more fun.
*Don't order a lot of toppings because the crust can't really support it, just get more pies with less toppings.
BTW, the BF's friends like never heard of Tacconelli's (crazy, I know) and they were all "where did you find this place and OMG".  Thank you Tacconelli's our friend's now think we are geniuses who have discovered something that other people don't know about (haha, fools).Have to get the sausage pizza with extra cheese!! It's the best. I always have a great experience here and the family who owns this place is beyond awesome. It's legit!This place is totally worth the schlep.  Order your dough in advance and make sure to order enough!  Best to drive or bike here, but can take the El if you really have to, but it's a bit of a walk.  
If you like thin crust and not so oily that you can't get up the next day, this is your place.At Tacconelli's, it's their way or the highway. But I think they've earned that right. Pre-order your dough- pay with cash (and bring enough for $20 a pie!)- bring your own beverages-- and don't expect any sides/appetizers because they ain't got'm. All fine by me! When we sat down the waitress warned us it would take 45 minutes. Unheard of under normal circumstances, but this is no normal pizza joint. And it was worth every minute of the wait! I was with a party of 5 and 3 pies were the perfect amount. 2 whites with spinach and tomatoes, one regular with mushroom and onion. Both were amazing-thin, crispy, flavorful slices of heaven. I'm not usually a fan of white pizza but theirs is really special. This is a must order when you come. I can't believe it took me 23 years to get here, but it defiantly won't be long til I return!This is my ideal pizza- super thin crust, crispy pie that has a crunch with every bite, and wonderfully flavorful sauce and cheese.  This is the best pizza I've ever had- even better than Pepe's in New Haven.  The only downfall is that you have to call ahead of time to reserve your dough and it still takes a bit of time for your pizza to come out.  You can, however, pick out your toppings when you get there.
The waitress was friendly and informed us there was extra dough left in case we wanted to order another pie- and yes, we did!  If this place had delivery, I'd be ordering from here all the time.  Why can't good pizza in Philly be easily obtainable?My last meal on earth would be, without as doubt, Tacconelli's.  I used to only get white with tomatoes.  Then I switched to plain white.  Most recently I rediscovered the beuatiful wonders of the regular pie. YUM!! But honestly, plain white is the way to go!!!I thought I would try hearing of all the great reviews, I just don't understand what the hype is about cracker thin burnt crust is not what I want to pay 12 dollars for they are making a big profit off their customers that is for sure the pizza most likely cost 2 dollars to make but people are will to pay?? I don't understand I love a pizza with lots of cheese and I also like a pizza that is not burnt. Never ever again waste of time and money that is for sure.Called Friday night to reserve dough and was told the only dough available was for 4PM or 9PM which just goes to show how popular this place is. We trekked from Center City just to try out this place and it was well worth it. 
With the place packed, we waited about 25 minutes after ordering to receive our pizza. We ordered extra cheese (recommended if you like cheese because the regular pie comes with little cheese) with onions. The crust was a bit crispy/dry for me but I am not a huge crust person. The sauce was the perfect blend of sweet and tangy. The pie was the right size to leave the two of us satisfied but not overly stuffed, and we could have eaten more if we had ordered another pie. My only complaint is that it was a bit overpriced ($21 for 1 pie with 2 toppings, no drinks), but for once in awhile it is totally worth it. We shall return!The service was a bit slow, however definitely worth the wait. The pizza was delicious, best I've ever had...if you enjoy a thin crust pizza, this is a must.This is legit the best pizza I've ever had! Considering I live in Fishtown down the street from Pizza Beddia and Pizza Brain, which both have a terrific reputation. I would choose Tacconelli's every. Damn. Day! The pizza is so thin and crunchy with delicious sauce. The pepperoni is amazing! It's a super popular place, so they recommend you call a day ahead to reserve your dough. Not the most convenient, but absolutely worth it. They don't deliver either, but it's truly worth the drive to Kensington from ANYWHERE in the city. If you like pizza, you MUST try this spot!Tacconelli's without a doubt the best pizza in Philadelphia. If you don't want to take my word for it feel free to take it from 610-WIP, GQ, Playboy, Citysearch, Best of Philly Magazine or Zagat. 
The pizza is thin crust style cooked in a brick oven. I highly recommend the White with Spinach and Tomato, Margerita and Regular with Pepperoni and Sausage, they're all spectacular. 
Now on to why other reviewers seem to complain: 
Yes, you have to order your dough ball in advance. They can only cook a certain number of pizzas in the brick oven at once so once they hit the limit for that day you're SOL. They're open Wednesday through Sunday and sell out every night. If you don't want to order the dough, that's fine it just makes it easier for those of us who've mastered the use of the telephone. 
Yes, the pizza is more expensive than the delivery place around the corner from your house. Of course going simply by the supply and demand theory of economics it's under priced since the demand is greater than the supply. Again why you need to order the dough in advance. 
Yes, there is a wait, but the pizza is made from scratch when you order it and there's a restaurant full of people ahead of you. However it's a BYOB, bring a cooler of beer or a bottle of wine and sit and enjoy yourself while you're waiting. 
Yes, they would like you to leave fairly soon after you finish eating. That's probably because they're trying to serve the mass of people who always seem to be sitting on the benches waiting for a table. If you want more time go later in the evening to avoid the dinner rush and hungry eyes of everyone waiting for their turn to get their pie. 
As far as the waitresses being rude, I've never personally experienced that. They've always been sweet, very helpful and attentive to me. What I can tell you is that if you have an attitude or complain about any of the aforementioned items, don't expect them to smile and take it like the High Schooler at your local Pizza Hut. If you didn't bother to find out what to expect before you went, that's your fault. Deal with it. They don't need you to come back ... remember the whole supply and demand thing. They know if you don't buy that pizza next time, it's OK, because I will.The pizza here is very good to excellent.   I have had better, but this pizza is hard to beat.  Yes you do have to reserve your dough, but the call is worth placing.  The location is not horrible, but indeed its not a spot you would visit on an average trip to Philly.  The reason I give this place four stars rather than five is because I live by one of the best, if not the best pizza join in the US.  Thus, I am quite spoiled.  If I lived in Philly this would be my pizza spot, it is excellent pizza.  The staff is friendly and this too makes the experience worth a visit.  Do try the white pizza... its excellent!  FYI, the place is BYOB.  Wine and Beer only.Our 1st visit. we got 2 pizzas. 1 with pepperoni & a white one with spinach. both were delicious. little pricey for us. total was $38  I was disappointed that they don't have broccoli as a topping for the white pizza. waitress was very nice.  very greasy but delicious. would go again.Delicious pizza -- we had a margherita, a white pizza with spinach and sweet peppers, and a tomato pizza with half pepperoni and half sausage, and they were all great. Just don't forget that you have to call in advance to reserve the dough.I've got mixed feelings about here. I went here for my birthday last week, and knew the deal to reserve my dough a few days ahead since I went on a Friday night. If this review was on the food taste only, it would be five stars... it was phenomenal! I love thin crust pizza and the margarita pie was amazing. We were a larger group (10 people) and we reserved 6 pies. Only two slices remained, and everyone left satisfied. I gotta say the reason I did not leave this review at the five stars is because of the pricing, and the wait. I understand the culture and preservation of originality the restaurant has with its one oven, but having an 8PM reservation, being seated at 8:20PM, order not taken until 8:30PM, and first round of pizzas coming out at 9:15PM was a little annoying. Thankfully, its BYOB (and definitely make sure you bring some) because the wait would have seen much longer if it wasn't for the beers. I would love trying to go back on a weekday, but I probably won't want to go back on a Friday night. Lastly, I think being charged around $20 for a medium sized pie is a little overpriced, but I would say it's worth it to try for the experience and to treat yourself once in a while.The place is definitely more about the experience than the food, which is pretty standard. A lot of the ingredients aren't fresh (ie, canned), and the toppings you can get on your pizza are quite limited. Bring some beer and friends, be open to something new, and Tacconelli's is a good time.
Tacconelli's is something everyone living in Philly should experience at least once. It's unique because you have to call ahead and reserve your dough (as in tell them how many pies you want). I've never had to make reservations here, but have heard it's a hassle. And it's quite a hike up to Port Richmond for most people living in the city, but at the same time it's nice to see a different part of Philadelphia. 
I do really like that you can tell this is a family-owned business. They're not professional chefs or trained waitstaff, and they don't make any apologies for that.The rules of Tacconelli's:
1. Call ahead to reserve your dough and make reservations
2. Drive there on time, allowing 5 extra min to park
3. Order the red pizza with pepperoni as well as the margherita!
4. Food coma.I grew up on Tacconelli's and in my time on this little planet I can say without any hesitation, it's still the best pizza I've ever had. 
Every time I'm in Philly I make a habit of going. Order your pie early and don't be a sucker, it's all about the spinach pie here. The sauce is their secret and their pies are a gift from Heaven. If you think there is a pizza out there better than this please let me know, so I can suggest a good shrink for you.
No place in New York comes close. Not Lombardi, Di Fari, L&B, Joe's or Grimaldi. I had them all and they're not touching Tacconelli's. I say this with the utmost confident. I respect food and I stand by my word.This place's pizza was all it had been hyped up to me.  It's always crazy busy, and you have to reserve spots and how many pies you want, but it's worth it.  Their pies are thin and extremely flavourful - their margherita is amazing. It takes extremely long for them to make them for you, which is kind of annoying, but if you have some wine (it's B.Y.O.B.) it will pass the time.  
So, service - 2 stars, Pizza - 4 starsFor Philly, this is good pizza. It tastes kind of like the pizza from back home in CT; just not as tasty and flavorful. The waitress we had was very friendly and so were the people that dined around us. It was a good expirience. The area though...they should move the business to a safer environment. This area of Philly made me depressed. There are lots of depressing places all over, I know, but this took the cake for me as far as i've seen. Good pizza place; horrible area.If I reviewed this after my first visit, it would definitely be five stars.  Do not get me wrong: Tacconelli's is simply a MUST see Port Richmond attraction; I would go as far to say that it is a must-see Philly attraction.  From the fact that you have to "order your dough in advance," to BYOB, to the paper plates: this place is unique.  This place is as bare bones and simple as you can get.  They are confident in their excellent pizzas and know they don't need the frills or cheap tricks.  The last two times though, our pizza was burnt.  That is frustrating because since all they do is pizza, that shouldn't happen.  Service is hit or miss too.  We seem to always get the one waitress is forgetful and not helpful...  However, I hope the owners see this review and take the feedback, because really, this place is a neighborhood gem I hope to continue to frequent for years to come...this place rocks. best pizza i've ever had. thin crust, brick oven style. waitresses are seasoned and will definitely give you advice on what to order. call ahead to reserve your dough and err on the side of reserving too much.Easily the best pizza in Philadelphia.  Thin crust and prefectly coook in their famous brick oven.  It does not get better than this place.  Remember to call early to reserve your dough.  I  recommend the spinanch and tomato or white pizza extra cheese and basil.  Awesome!!My vote for best pizza in Philadelphia area. Thin crunchy crust, delicious flavor, without the saltiness. Little expensive but they deserve to charge a premium.I've read a lot of the comments about Tacconelli's pizza. And you can't seem to be able to say it, so I'll shout it out for all of you.
Tacconelli makes the best pizza in Philadelphia.
Havana Banana BillYes I dragged a bunch of people to the middle of nowhere for what's claimed to be the best pizza in Philly. Was it worth it?Totally.. Yep you have to pre-order your dough- a seemingly bizarre concept but whatevs-it's a minor inconvenience.. As soon as you take a bite of their crispy delicious pizza- all is forgotten. The ambiance (or lack thereof) also seemed to go unnoticed as we shoveled slices of piping hot pizza in our mouth..
We ended up ordering the margarita- amazing!! Fresh mozarella and basil with sweet tomato sauce- so good!! The white pizza with spinach and fresh tomatoes- also very good but a tad bit oily plus you might want to skip this one if you're planning on smooching your dinner patron- super garlicky!!! And my least favorite but still surprisingly good- the meat o rama.. Pepperoni and sausage- the guys requested this one and I have to say pepperoni never tasted so good..
 The pies are pricier than expected but well worth it.. Plus it's byo so any money that would have been spent on an overpriced bar bill can be spent on pricey pies...I've heard nothing but great things about this place, but...
I lucked out and found a parking spot right in front of the place. My significant other and I had hardly eaten and were quite ready to taste the "Best Pizza in Philly." 
I think our server was drunk on the red wine a previous table left behind and our 2 pies came out 1 hour and 20 minutes after ordering, unacceptable. 
Our server never asked if we needed anything, but did however tell us that it was really hot in the kitchen and apologized for the delay. 
Friday nights in the city, during the Summer, are slow for the local restaurants; therefore, there is absolutely no excuse for 2 "thin crust" pizzas to take over an hour to hit our table 10 minutes apart from each other. 
Get it together Tacconelli's...I wish I could give 10 stars - hands down best pizza I've ever had. This place is a little hole in the wall but the pizza is amazing everytime. Make sure to call ahead to reserve your dough. Try the pepperoni and the spinach pies- now if only I lived in Philly and could eat this regularly!Finally, after the third try, I finally made a reservation for weekend dinner.  For the weekend, don't just count on making your reservation the day of, or even the night before.  
For a table of 4, we ordered the white pie with spinach and tomatoes and the margerita pie with sausage and onions.  They were both deliciously made, thin crust just the way I like it.  The white pie especially was amazing because it was so garlicky.  Yum!  It was my first time there--the server recommended the white pie with spinach and tomatoes (their signature pie) and it did not disappoint.
If there's anything critical I have to say, it's that I wish their dough was not as tough.  I think it made chewing a little more difficult so in that sense it does not quite compare to some thin crusts that I've had in NYC.
But still a great place, I'm definitely coming back.The pizzas are good, period!  The whole wheat crust is OK but better at Couch Tomato.  The people are nice enough, the inside looks exactly like a pizzaria should  what  is up with ordering your dough?  This has got to be one of the best marketing ideas since Geraldo opened Al Capone's safe.  Only Geraldo got zero payoff, the genius behind Tacconelli's made it pay for decades.  It never made sense to me.  You want to reserve something that is perishable or is in short supply, I can see it.  But its pizza dough!  It costs a dime a silo.  The pizzas fine, not unlike a half dozen others, largely not household names,I can name if given 10 minutes.  Would I go if I lived in Port Richmond, sure.  Would I travel from Bala, uhhh no.I love this place the pizza is sooo good really I love it and so does most people who go there ...must try in the port richmond areaThis is one of the easiest five star reviews I'll ever give.  I tried three pizzas, one "magrite" (sp?) that was ok, a mushroom on a red sauce that was ok, and then my favorite pizza of all time.
It's a thin crust white pizza topped with spinach soaked in garlic and olive oil.  I literally ate every bite very slowly, chewing it to appreciate the perfect interplay between the taste of the dough, the spinach, the garlic, and the olive oil.  
I finished a piece of all three and announced that the spinach and garlic pizza might possibly be the very best thin crust pizza I have every eaten in my 41 years.
The service was friendly and I didn't notice the speed of the pizzas, but I had a glass of wine (BYOB) and some good conversationalists, so time didn't matter as much.What's the big deal about this place??
Finally reserved my dough to be able to dine here for date night.  Pizza lovers, pay attention because the overemphasized and ridiculous requirement of reserving a dough is really nothing more than the establishment being cheapskates and only wanting to serve exactly what will be ordered.  Also.  Very overpriced.
The pizza was simply okay.  I could get this too thin crust pizza anywhere else with an often better quality.  Some of the ingredients seemed to come out of a can, and the crust, while good, is not worth any sort of extra trip.
The service is horrendous.  It was not that busy, and despite being "acknowledged" many times by different staff, it took 5 extra minutes to get attended to.  There seems to be no system in place there.  People just do what they feel like.
Tableware comes in the form of paper plates and ultra-thin napkins.  If you're lucky like we were, you'll get an used plate wedged in with clean ones.I remember going here when I was little and hating it because it was "burnt." I now know that it's brick oven style pizza. It's great.