These tacos are a large part of my life. There are times that I come here 3x a week. It gets embarrassing..but at $2 each, how can you not?!
I love the steak tacos with everything (everything = avocado, cheese, little bit of onion cheese and tomato). The pork are really good too. Haven't had anything else there, as I'm really a taco kinda person.
Def check it out! Best tacos I've had in phillyBest tacos al pastor in Philly! Their other stuff is also really good. I love the horchata. Super affordable, usually open late around 11pm. It's one of me and my fiancé's go to places to dine out for sure!So good!!! If I could eat here every week, I absolutely would. Al pastor tacos for the win. Definitely recommend!Great tacos to go! It was $6 for an order of three traditional Mexican tacos on soft corn tortillas. I had the chicken tacos and really enjoyed them. They came with a lime wedge and two salsas, red and verde.$2.00 a taco!!! Best tacos you can get for $2 is here. Tried beef and chicken and both were good and came with avocado and jalapeño pickle.I needed a quick snack and was thankfully near this fantastic food truck to pick up a $2 beef taco. Within 3 minutes of placing my order, a neatly tied plastic bag with a small Styrofoam box was handed to me. 
Inside was a fantastic, vivid array of beef, lettuce, tomato, avocado, carrot, and lime on two layered tortillas as well as two small containers of red and green sauce. I was so hungry I almost ate the lime but rescued it in time to squeeze over it. It tasted healthy and fantastic! The tortillas weren't as warm and chewy as I'd like them to be but it was well worth the short wait.
The menu is small and doesn't have prices and uses terminology that not everyone might be familiar with. I'll probably stay on the safe side and get the burritos or tacos.Just fucking amazing. The flavor!! You might have to wait a while due to the line, but it is worth it amigos.Excellent Mexican food Carnitas tacos you can't believe how good it is it's casual take out only since it's a food truck but go for it if you like Mexican probably none better in the city cash only seems like they're open Wednesday through Saturday eveningsCheap, quick and delicious. I had the pork tacos which came with pineapple. You get 3 tacos that are packed for $6. Sauces are also good. They had some crates outside to sit on but I live around the corner.$5 for a burrito? An El Pastor at that? Sign me up. This adorable little food truck sits in between 10th and 11th streets on Washington Ave. They cook up tacos, burritos, quesidillas, and more very fast. Prices can't be beat. Love that they are open late.YUM!  For quick tacos/burritos in the city they are great.
They food truck is well priced and easy to get to as they're literally parked outside 10th and Washington.  The only down side I have is the consistency of their meat to how they put together the meals.  Sometimes they would have different types of beef or pork and add in different fillings.  It doesn't bother me too much but it's always a surprise when I get Mango in my Tacos one day and the next week I don't have any.
Love going here since I can pop in to order and pop out to eat!$2/ very tasty taco, open late, friendly service ~ what more is there to ask for!
My friend has been telling me about this truck for at least a year now and now that I've finally tried it, I crave it all the time. Good thing I'm really close to here and can fulfill my cravings all the time =)
I've only tried the tacos here. There are 3 different kinds: chicken, beef and pork (the big spinning thing when you peek inside the truck). Everyone I know has a different favorite! Mine is the beef! But for $2 .. why not just try them all and pick your own favorite.
They also come with 2 different sauces: a green and an orange. I think the green is the spicy one but both is good so just mix them!
The tacos also comes out pretty quickly so why not grab some why you wait for the 10th street bus.
**CASH ONLY**
No chairs or tables but there are parking stumps that everyone sits on. Be careful though because if a car is blocking you and another is pilling into the spot you are sitting at quickly .. bad things may happen.My intention was to pick up some groceries at the Italian Market, but I didn't see a single thing that tempted me. I kept walking down Washington Ave. A brightly painted truck came in to view and I remembered hearing about an elusive (no website, no twitter!) newer South Philly taco truck. Tacos El Rodeo Mobil Food Catering Truck does tacos, tortas, burritos, quesodillas, and sincronizadas with whatever filings they have that day. These might include chorizo, tripe, or even cabeza.  Tacos are $2, so I got 5 (sin cabeza).
Here, "everything on it" means a little lettuce, tomato, an avocado slice, a lime slice and a pickled carrot. Spicy red and green sauces come on the side. Meat for the al pastor taco, or trompo, is sliced off a rotisserie spit. The crispy,tasty little pieces impressed.  The beef filling came as small, charred bits and the chorizo had just the right amount of grease and spice. But the carnitas may be my favorite, the barely seasoned pork was so tender and porky, it needed little else.
Compared to Taco Loco, further east on Washington, these dominate. The issue with cheaper taco places is often an obvious lower quality meat with bits of inedible fat and gristle. And that was not the case with El Rodeo. They nail it on quality, taste, and price, with even more points for the cheerful mural.I cannot say enough good things about their tacos.  My favorites:  cabeza, al pastor, tripa, and lengua.  Thank you Tacos El Rodeo!I love this place err I mean truck. We usually go on the weekend for our $2 taco fix. The carne asada is my favorite, with the al pastor in close second. I love that they top the tacos with lettuce, tomato, cheese, and avocado and give you a little container of both red and green salsa and top you order with a marinated carrot. We have also tried the $6 quesadilla packed with meat, cheese, and green pepper goodness. The inside of the truck seems very clean and the people are friendly. The only negative is that the wait is long, but I guess that is what you get since they cook everything to order.Not the absolute end-all, be-all best tacos in South Philly but very damn close, and at $2 a taco you're getting the best value. Burritos are kind of disappointing but you're probably coming here for the tacos anyway. Very nice people too!Didn't know if people gave reviews to food trucks but apparently they do lol
Ever since they showed up on Washington  avenue I've been a returning  customer. Whenever I want a Torta (not exactly  but practically a Mexican burger) I come here for  it. I have tried Various other Mexican restaurants  tortas and tacos but by far this truck has a tasty and more fulfilling torta. Idk what they do to it but they're damn good at it. Their tacos don't fall short either as my fam have tried their carne asada, tacos al  pastor and tacos  de chorizo, and always go back whenever we want Mexican food. Definitely recommend trying  out this place. Oh make sure to call ahead. Their schedule seems a bit different every week lol Ive learned my lesson to just walk over n not find the truck there .I second the reviewer(s) that say these are the best tacos in town.  The price ($2 each) is another reason why this place gets 5-stars in my book.  Get the cabeza (cow face meat that tastes very beef-y and is very tender) and/or the el pastor (pork with pineapples) and you won't be disappointed.  My boyfriend loves the tripe but that's a little too "Bizarre Foods" for me (and i enjoy the cabeza!).  Everything is made to order so there is a little bit of a wait after ordering but the cook and his assistance (wife? daughter?) are always very nice.My favorite taco Place. The Burrito is excellent. The red sauce is amazingyou can get a GIANT burrito for $5.  very authentic and really delicious. stop by for a late night snack!  just beware that you may be waiting for a bit because it's all made to order.  depends on how many people are waiting in front of you.  don't be intimidated by the Spanish menu... everyone there speaks enough english for you to order/ask questions.Un freaking believable one of the best burritos I've ever had its so light !!!!
I live in the neighborhood around the corner and believe me it's so ridiculously good clean and organized in that cart.Who would believe that the best tacos in Philly are from a truck at 10th and Washington? Believe it. 
If you have a group, get everything and share. Nothing disappoints.Hands down my favorite and most authentic tacos in the city. The pork carved of the rotating trompo gives the meat a delicious crisp to it. Also you can't beat the price. 3 tacos for $6 is a total steal. I trek all the way up from fishtown to get these delicious tacos. Always parking as well in the Sherman Williams parking lot.Certainly not the best Mexican in the neighborhood but great for after mid-night.Great tacos for the pregame. I usually get the el pastor con todo. Cheap too, I believe $2.50 per taco. Everything is made fresh and the salsas are good... not spicy though. Wait is usually a little long so don't go here if you're in a rush!This place is AWESOME!!! I bought two burritos here the other day and let me just say that i am super glad with my food. My mouth waters as i think of the warm burritos with juice chicken and soft rice. Can't wait to go back tomorrow and get more!!The food has been solidly great every time my boyfriend and I order from here.
The prices are super reasonable and you get excellent quality. Highlights are their carnitas burrito and their steak quesadilla.
This food truck is definitely a favorite! Tip: call ahead and then go pick up, this place can quickly get crowded.Tacos are pretty good and service is friendly. You may be waiting a bit of time to get your order considering this is definitely a popular spot. Tacos are $2 each and will keep you full and happy. I will say they are not the best or most flavorful tacos I've ever had but they do the job of satisfying a craving.Best tacos in Philadelphia! Above average burritos. Finally decent salsa on this side of the country.
Sadly, I cannot give a 5 because they lied to me and said I hadn't paid for a burrito that I had paid for.The smells that are calling you from a block away do not disappoint. This food truck is as tasty as it is aromatic. The burritos are $5, giant, and come with red and green salsa on the side. Also they carry Mexican Coke in a glass bottle, and Dr. Pepper in a can (Then best way for both).I was so excited to go here, it had been hyped up a lot by friends and family. The food is super cheap which is a great deal, and they're super fast. Although the menu was small, I could still find some vegetarian eats. I was just sad about my food- I ordered s veggie burrito, and it was not seasoned or flavored at all. I was just eating straight up no flavor. Even though they had two sauces, green mild and red spicy, it made no sense that they didn't put any flavor IN the burrito! Next time I'm coming, I'm either asking for mild sauce inside or getting a taco.Wow. As a southern Californian, this has been the closest I've gotten to a real taco truck experience. I got the al pastor and bistec tacos and they were both perfectly seasoned and crispy. They put lettuce and tomato on their tacos, so if you prefer the onions and cilantro authentic version, make sure to let them know. I will be trying their burrito next time. Great meat, great salsa, authentic truck experience. 5 stars!The hours at this truck are the real draw; there are several amazing taco joints in the area - I mean, it's Little Mexico down here. But find me another outfit that caters to the dinner and late LATE night/early morning set; and these people inSIDE the truck? As awesome as you'd hope for. When the Mexicans are eating at a Mexican place, that's where you should try to go, methinks.
In the Rodeo of Tacos, this little doggie has it in the bag. (ehh?? EEHHHH???? right.)If you are going out for Mexican anywhere else ever, you're doing it wrong. Best chorizo burrito let alone any burrito I've ever had... and it's only $5! Would go every day.I've long frequented Taqueria Veracruzana for tacos, until my mom (fellow Yelper Rhonda W.) recommended this truck right down the street. I can't believe I've been missing out on this place! I ordered pork tacos with "everything," which is cheese, lettuce, tomato, avocado, etc. The meat is prepared schwarma-style and is sooo flavorful. At $2 each, it's quite a bargain, as well.Holy crap. I stopped here just before 1 AM, needing a quick bite to stave off tomorrow's hangover. I ordered a quesadilla, figuring it was safe. Instead, it blew my sobering mind. A large flour tortilla stuffed with cheese, onions, green peppers, and pork, along with slices of avocado, lettuce, and some garden salsa, plus two sauces and sour cream, served piping hot. I can still feel the heat in my fingertips, perfectly welcome despite the humid ride home. The crowd of late night cyclists is definitely a sign of how great it is. Bonus points for the fact that it's right next to a strip mall parking lot, so you can drive over if that's your thing.Earlier today, I wrote a review about another taco place. These tacos were so good, they deported the other taco place. I don't even have words right now for how much I enjoyed that taco. If you haven't tried them yet, you're doing yourself a disservice.Best tacos in Philadelphia
Great service, lady who takes orders is incredibly nice. I recommend the al pastor tacos, and if you're feeling extra hungry, get the steak burritoJuan and Anita make the most amazing tacos, burritos, and quesadillas. I eat here weekly and each time its a treat. These are great people making amazing food. Everuthings fresh, fast and flavorful. Add jalapenos and a lime or grapefruit jarrito .....perfection at a great price.Authentic Mexican street food cooked fresh and served inexpensively in south philly - OPEN LATE
I went here for the first time last night and loved every second of it.  My friends had been raving for a while, so I elected to try the Al Pastor (pork and pinapple) burrito, and the steak tacos.  The al pastor burrito was good.  There were 2 little pieces of gristle in it though, which made me sad.  It took about 20 minutes for them to make our food, and they had a great selection of imported sodas.Great food amazing prices you know it's good when the owner of a another Mexican restaurant come here to eat always a line ( what does that tell you)that moves fastYes, yes and yes, please I need some more philly street tacos in my life! These tacos are fresh and flavorful and won't break your wallet for $2 a taco. Al Pastor, Trompo and Carnitas are all my favorite! This is a must try for philly food truck cuisine!Authentic tacos !!! No hipster or Tex Mex bs. After living in LA for years I couldn't find good tacos in Philly. I'm glad I found this spot ! Aguas frescas are bomb too. Can't wait to come backMarvelous rice and beans side dish for $2; excellent traditional tacos (be sure to ask for classic if you want the traditional base *corn tortilla, meat, chopped white onion, and cilatro* style, rather than the "gringo" version, which adds lettuce, cheese, salsa, and sour cream, to appeal to Taco Bell mindset). 
While it shows the truck is parked there 12 pm onward, I have not seen it the last couple of weeks I've walked my dogs there for a rice and beans fix.
Are they still in business?The more often you eat here, the better it gets.  It's the perfect late night food, not too big or heavy, but packed with flavor and very satisfying. Salsa verde is to die for. Nice people. I don't drink much soda, but it goes so good with coca cola.Carne Asada: not bad, but not impressed.
Al Pastor: probably best in Philly.
Planning another trip to Wash Blvd soon to try their other meats, stay tuned!The tacos are one the the best tacos in Philly. At 2.00 a taco this well worth the money. I got the chorizo tacos and they were delish. I went back couple more time to try the other stuff they have there. You have to try their quesadilla and tortas. I told my gf that I would rather have their tortas than a cheesesteak any day f the week. The quesadilla will have you wanting more. This is the only place I go when I'm craving for Mexican food.Hands down best burritos and tacos I've ever had and it's a food truck at that! And the owners are very nice and welcomingStill the best!  Friendly operators and delicious tacos and burritos.  Current favorites are cabeza and al pastor.  Muchas gracias, Tacos El Rodeo!!!Reliable spot for late night Burrito grub. They are not always open for biz on a random night but when I happen to spot them while driving by and also happen to be in the mood for an authentic burrito. Magic usually entails. I haven't tried the whole gamut but usually settle for the steak option. The carnitas is just okay but the steak never disappoints. The lines are sometimes substantial consisting of hipsters, foodies like myself, working Hispanics. So you know it's good.  Each order comes with 2 hot sauces, both are sensational and complements the food well and not over-bearing. Use both simultaneously. MmmmThe tacos al pastor are delicious!  The wait time in the evening is insanely long though, up to 20-30 minutes.It seems like something is wrong with this website if you look-up tacos at 10th and Washington and this place doesn't show up until after the 20th result.
This place is amazing! I've ridden by more times than I can count late at night thinking to myself I could really go for a burrito, but then being turned off by the fact that it was a truck, on the dead side of Washington Ave, in the middle of the night.
Tonight I finally stopped for the first time and ordered a burrito. The lady was real nice and explained all the different choices written in Spanish on the side of the truck. Got my food, paid and when I got home, boy was I surprised. I'm not going into details, but for $5?
Definitely want more people to go to this one so it can stay open at night on my ride home.I came across this truck riding down Washington Avenue. I ordered a chicken burrito. It was the best I've ever tasted. The service was friendly and I couldn't believe it was just $5.00. Going forward,  I hadn't seen the truck in awhile. I made many attempts to find it. I was sad thinking I didnt remember the name of the truck. Like the old love that got away I lost hope. Welp, today my love came back. I was with a friend that was going into the Sherman Williams paint store on the same corner where I last saw the love that got away. Out of the corner of my eye, this beautiful colored truck turned the corner and parked. I left my friend without a word and ran towards the guys getting off the truck. "Omg, I've been looking for you! Where have you been?" The guy was smiling and apologizing probably no fault of his own. He pointed to his logo on his shirt and phone number. I will never let them get away again! Yes, its that good!!The first few times I came here I got the pork burrito.  I decided to venture out and try the quesadillas.  That ended up being a much better decision, I definitely recommend either steak or pork. One of the better trucks in the area, and a weekly stop for me after work.This is by far the best Mexican food in Philly. Their prices are cheap and there are cash only. I recommend the trompo  (pork and pineapple) burrito or tacos.  They have Mexican hot chocolate which is awesome! Highly recommend!For a quick and cheap food truck this is pretty good. I go here if I don't feel like cooking and cleaning up a bunch of dishes.Excellent food truck experience. There is always a crowd and the mood is authentic Mexican. Wonderful flavors and the prices are very reasonable.The most beautiful food truck ANYWHERE!!!
And excellent food for the price. I eat here about 2-3 times per week. Sometimes there is a line since it is getting popular, but the cooks are very fast. I usually have the chicken tacos or the burrito (or both). Unlike other places, they heat the burrito on the grill so it is nice and warm and binds better. They also have the meat that you usually see in a gyro shop (the big meat on a metal pole). $5 or $6 per burrito and $2 per taco. It's very authentic. They put avocado on each taco and a type of pickled carrot. Very tasty.Located at the corner of 10th and Washington Avenue, this taco truck is hard to miss with their neon lights. Their menu is very small, which is painted onto their truck right above the order window. 
I typically come here for dinner or late night eats (they usually close around 11p.m.). I ordered the steak El Pastor which was phenomenal, for $5 the portion is just right and it isn't too filling or too little in portion size. I have not tried anything else..yet from this food truck but rest assure I will be coming here.The absolute best. The closest thing you'll find to a true Southern California taco truck in Philly.I eat here a lot. Its close, its open late, its fast. Its authentic. The steak is the best protein and the salsa verde is delicious, fresh and spicy. Solid spot. Wish the burrito was bigger but its only $5 even.  These tacos aint changin' your life tho. 
Closed sunday monday i thinkIt's a food truck.  But some of the best tacos in the city.
Get the El Pastor burrito.  It's probably the best one in the area!Best tacos ever ! Seriously what ever you order is amazing. Highly recommend coming from a Latina trust me it's greatMy all time favorite whenever I'm in S.Philly. Cheap prices for BOMB tacos. Their Al-Pastor is the best! Perfect seasoned pork, pickled carrots & fresh avocado. Love heir green/red sauce. Just 1 con, their schedule isn't fixed. It's always a hit or miss if they're there. But lately, my last 3 visits they haven't been. Idk if they're no longer there or I'm just having bad luck. Wish I could get my hands on some tacos soon.Amazing tacos... Some of the best in Bella Vista.   However the wait is long.  Call a head if they answer and make sure to get it with everything on it.An excellent surprise. Happened to walk by this truck on Washington Ave. on the way back from the Italian Market. The guy getting his tacos in front of me said, "You can't have just one. Once you eat one, you'll be back for more. I own a taco shop and I come here." Turns out he is the owner of a South Philly Mexican restaurant that gets great reviews (and I have been to several times), but comes to El Rodeo for his tacos. 
He recommended Suadero, a chopped beef, and I also got El Pastor which had tiny diced fresh pineapple pieces plus pork. As advertised, delicious tacos and I am strategizing on when I can get some more.Bangin'. This place rules, don't be mad if they're busy, if you didn't have time to stop their and get the best damn tacos of your life, you're probably just impatient.El Rodeo isn't bad at all, I ordered two chicken and one pork taco. The chicken is seasoned to perfection, the flavor of the ingredients complement each other well. The pork taco, not so great. It was fatty and the taste was off putting. Service is great and the wait isn't longer than five minutes. I'd come back but only for the pollo.SOOOOO happy to have made this discovery!  
I've been by here twice and both times, I got the Steak Tacos and Melon Agua Fresca for only $9!  I can't wait to go back.  I want to go back and try something new but loved the steak so much might be hard to go with something else.Best Carnitas tacos in the city. $6 for three. They load the tacos up on tortillas served with a lime , avocado and green/red sauce. Can't be beat. I live up the street. Text me and I can look out my window to make sure they are there... taco tip much appreciatedA friend told me about a truck on 10th & Washington that had great Mexican a few months ago when I was saying that the Mexican here in Philly just wasn't measuring up to what I was looking for. Well tonight I went to find that truck.
Just walking up to the truck the smell alone was promising. I got steak, chicken and carnitas al pastor tacos, steak quesadilla and carnitas burrito al pastor. This is hands down the best Mexican I've had since leaving AZ right up on par with a coworkers mothers cooking he would show up with on Monday's after heading back to Mexico for the weekend.I think I come here almost every couple of weeks. I love that they give you avocados and pickled carrots in the tacos. Their two sauces are also amazing. The wait can be pretty long with people making big orders and waiting in cars and stuff, but for 6 dollars for delicious tacos I can't really complain !I ordered the chicken burrito with everything on it except onions. It's pretty good and the size of it is reasonable with its $5 price. I'll try the tacos next!Best tacos in the city. The al pastor is killer as is the tongue and chorizo. They're consistently delicious and very cheap. $2 a pop, so you can really load up and eat well. My rankings go al pastor, chorizo, tongue, bistec, chicken, then the carnitas. Yes, I eat there a lot....
The lady behind the counter is really sweet and it feels good supporting this little truck.Best best tacos I've had in the city. I've never enjoyed the tacos from the Mexican restaurant and even Cantina and other more well established Latin restaurants. 
This place is on pointttttFor fresh, inexpensive, and authentic Mexican food, I'm not sure you can do any better than this in Philadelphia. I'd highly recommend a visit here.
It looks very unassuming at first glance, with brightly colored (if not slightly tacky) mural paintings covering the exterior. Don't be fooled by appearances, though. The menu is small and very well priced: $2 per taco and about $5 for a burrito. Great assortment of meats and flavors to choose from, including al pastor, chorizo, tongue, chicken, carnitas, and more. If you're confused, just ask the staff - they are all very friendly and willing to explain all of your options in detail. The burritos are packed full, but not overwhelmingly so. These are not at all like the heavy, stomach-expanding Chipotle or Qdoba behemoths you're probably used to. The focus here is on the flavors, freshness, and authenticity, and El Rodeo delivers in spades. The side red and verde sauces are nice extra enhancements to the flavors you'll experience.
I left feeling very satisfied. I was full, but not "food coma" full - it was the perfect-sized burito. I'm eagerly anticipating my next visit. I can already tell that this will soon become a "regular" spot for me when I'm in need of a quick, fresh, flavorful meal.This taco truck has been open for about three months now. I have seen it mainly stationed on the northern side of Washington Avenue, sometimes closer to 11th and other times closer to 10th. It's there most nights, but I am not sure the hours it is open/closed. 
The truck has various types of cuts of meats from tripitas, lengua, carnitas, cabeza to the familiar al pastor, pollo and bistec. 
I have been about five times now and have been impressed every time. Tacos are $2 and burritos are $5. Either way, happiness will be a product.Meal is prepared right there and is pretty quick and fast. I usually try and bye a burrito while I'm at south phillyDelicious tacos!  The tacos al pastor are SOOOOO good.  You get avocado for each taco and they make it fresh.  For $6, you get 3 overfilled tacos with avocado.  I also ordered the chicken quesadilla a few times (when they were out of al pastor) and it was good.  Large portion, very flavored chicken, and made fresh.  It's open until 10pm every day except Sunday.Best tacos Al-Pastor in Philly