one of the best in the city,  i have had the pollo and the spicy pork,   very good.   they use two soft tortilla's so that the  juice does not go through.  also they have a red and verde (green) sauce.   Red is really frickin' hot   I love it but i have a high tolerance for hot stuff.  Buyer beware!!  Green is not spicy at all.This is not some hipster food truck pretending to be "street food."  These are tasty, authentic tacos.  My only complaint is the speed (pretty slow) and the fact that they were out of chorizo pretty early on a Saturday afternoon.
Make sure to get hot sauce with your order.  That will perk it up a bit.  I can recommend the pollo and bistec.  Both very tasty.  Can't speak to anything other than the tacos.  Tacos tend to range from $2-2.50 here.  Of course, cash only.I stopped here while enjoying the nice weather on Sunday...
This convenient spot makes some pretty good taco's, enchilada's and burrito's..
Don't drive off immediately because you'll probably want another before you leave...Easily the best and our favorite mexican joint in Philly!  Amazing al pastor, quesadillas, burritos etc. We ate there everyday for a week while we were moving. Hands down without a doubt, magical. Phenomenal.A few too many bad experiences with finding bones in the chicken tacos. GROSS. But besides that, still awesome. Make sense?I understand why they have won awards for best food truck. The burritos we got here were huge, excellent tortillas, tender steak, very flavorful and the green chili sauce is nicely hot with flavor not just hot to be hot like so many places.This is my favorite mexican spot. I always order their pork burrito or their carnitas. They special make their red or green hot sauce in house so it's sometimes inconsistently keeps you on your toes. Their glass bottled beverages taste better than your typical plastic bottles or your tin cans.I was hugely surprised I found this on yelp.
Its honestly really cheap, and decent. I've had the taco's, and they are pretty good. However its really just a taco truck in south philly The tortillas quality is going to vary, they are out of package it seems. The meat is cooked pretty regulary because you can smell it and see it being cook. When I ordered, I have no idea if they understood me, the cheese was what looked like torn up pieces of kraft cheese slices. My advise try it out if your there for one of the many flea markets. Its cheap. However standard taco bell style rules apply: you likely are not always eating a high grade meat.Numerous pieces of gristle with my chicken tacos.  I ordered two, only ate one.  Revolting.Really good tacos, especially the easy-to-mess-up lengua. However, the service is so slow as to boggle the mind. Seriously, it takes him 20 minutes to make three tacos. Even if he made them one at a time, I don't see how it could take that long.Best tacos that I've had for the price.  I've tried a few different tacos from this place and they are all great."Great art is horseshit, buy a taco"
cool to have a spot like this close, no need to worry about twatter bc this "food truck" never moves. Tacos are cheap and tasty, sneak a few tecate cans with ya, watch the amigos kick around the futbol, and bam, your in Mexico.Amazing. I had a  tongue,.a chicken, and a fatty beef and pork taco.  I wish i would have gotten more. The price's are awesome the tacos were delicious. I will  definitely be going back soonThe best carnitas I've found in Philly. Traditonally done in lard. The al pastor was perfect as was the carne asada. The pollo was pretty good as well but I think I've had a better chicken taco elsewhere. 
Only downfall is it takes a little while for them to prepare the food but that's how I knew it was being made to order. As far as heating and grilling meats so the tacos are hot when ordered.I came here with a friend, it had been pretty cold out; but the tacos were worth the wait. My sudden crave for tacos were met at this little hole in the whole food truck that has a little bit of a cult following and rightfully so. 
I ordered four tacos, the Beef Tongue, Spicy Pork, Steak, and Chicken. All of them were cooked to perfection and perfectly seasoned to my liking. The tacos had also been topped with fresh chopped onions, and cilantro which are a must for tacos! The tacos also come with two types of sauces red/green to complement the tacos. The gentleman working the truck was very friendly, and made for an overall great experience. 
Best thing is the tacos tasted delicious, and were not pricey at all. $2 to $2.50 depending on what meat you choose. I would recommend coming here if you are in the mood for some tasty tacos for a great price! I'm bound to make another visit next time I am in the area to satisfy my Taco Loco craving =)A friend asked if was worth the drive to South Philly to grab a couple of tacos off of a truck....absolutely.
My favorite was the pastor that had the perfect amount of seasoning combined with onions and cilantro on top. Both the red and green salsas you get with your order are equally delicious and equally spicy. Living in California and Texas made me take for granted the vast amount of Taco trucks spread throughout the city... Philly doesn't have as many but they sure have a great one!Really tasty and fresh with food ingredients for a great price! Get a taco and sit in the parkGreat Tacos here!! So fresh and inexpensive... My friend Juancarlos there is a real good guy!Taco Loco is run by a husband & wife team, and I LOVE it... when the man is working. The woman will not, WILL NOT make vegetarian tacos. The man will gladly do so. I have no idea why. They have beans, they have rice, they have veggies. I'm not asking for a discount, and I'm not asking for extra ingredients - just leave the chicken/beef/pork off of my tacos. 
I'd give Taco Loco five stas, but when the woman is working, I walk on by. I tried for ages to get her to make me "tacos sin carne", she just smiles & shakes her head.Al pastor marinated pork and one spicy pork, 2.75 each. The meat is flavorful and juicy. Delicious and good size for the price. The toppings are fresh cilantro and onions. Lime and sliced radish on the side. But they forgot my hot sauce.I'm crazy for Taco Loco! Some of the best memories I have from last summer involve grabbing some food from Taco Loco. It was the perfect treat after a bike ride around the city.
The food is extremely good and as mentioned before... better then some "Mexican" restaurants (Cantina... cough, cough). The chorizo tacos are my favorite, perhaps my favorite chorizo in the city???
Give Taco Loco a try, the owners will appreciate it. They are really good people and make some of the best Mexican food for realistic prices.Mom and myself ordered the pork tacos  the shells were soft but not mushy. The meat was so good ! Super well seasoned and cooked with love. We topped it off with guava drinks  the guy in the truck was so nice !This was my first authentic taco experience after moving to Philadelphia from Socal.  Get the lengua tacos...get everything!it's a great food truck and the selection is awesome. standard tacos here, tortilla cilantro onion meat. cant get more perfect than that. 
my one problem was the price. the cost on the menu is the cost per taco, not the cost for an order of tacos. I asked for and order of tacos, that's three tacos, that's $7.50 for 3 tacos. I can go to garibaldi's at 10th and Washington and pay $6 for three tacos that are way better than these.This place is literally a 3 minute walk from my house. And I absolutely love their tacos!!! I would say best tacos in philly fursure.If you are the kind of person that won't eat of a lunch truck you have to give taco loco one chance to win you over.  The food is way better than some other casual mexican restaurant in the city.   I encourage people to stop by and order a couple tacos if your around 4th and washington.I'm so happy there's a taco truck within walking distance from my neighborhood.  The hours aren't always the same, but it's pretty much guaranteed that they'll be sitting in that same spot on my bus ride home from work when I just don't feel like cooking and have a real hankering for tacos (which is always).
I've had the plain pork tacos and the steak tacos so far.  Both were delicious, fresh, and covered in cilantro and onions...my favorite.  The corn tortillas are so good and the dipping sauces add just the right amount of flavor.
Be forewarned:  the dark red sauce is HOT.  Like I made the mistake of pouring it all over my first taco when a droplet would've sufficed and I spent the next twenty minutes sweating under my eyes and dabbing my tongue with a paper towel.  Use this sparingly.
I really want to try the Al Pastor but I always seem to order it when they're out of them.  The quesadillas and burritos sound delicious, too.  Service is quick and friendly.  Prices are cheap for the quality of the food.
Can't wait to ravage the menu and knock off every item on my list.Went to Taco Loco finally after passing in too many times and saying to myself, "I bet that place has awesome tacos".   My girlfriend and I went on a Sunday afternoon for some quick hangover curing food.  When we got there, only one girl was in line, and she said she had already ordered.  After waiting for 15 minutes, we ordered chicken tacos, pork tacos, and a Cuban torta.  
After another 20 minutes we got our food (so much for being quick). There were a few small bones in the chicken tacos, which tasted almost exactly like the pork tacos (I assumed the bones were in the chicken, but wasn't sure which was which), but the tacos were ok besides that. The Cuban torta was NOTHING like we expected.  We excepted some sort of pork, cheese, pickles and mustard.  What we got was something with pork, EGG, cheese, pickles, tomatoes and a HOTDOG.  WTF?  It was a hot mess of a sandwich.
With all the other good Mexican options in the vicinity, I will not be stopping back at taco loco.For being a food truck there carnitas was so good! The meat was season well.. I wish the had the cream but they ran out other then that the food and the customer service was excellent!Muy bueno tacos.
Poco dinero.
Cinco staros.Got a burrito here (rookie move I know, usually I get tacos) but it was still great. I got carnitas and the red spicy sauce... Burrito was huge and filling, almost too much for lunch but I ain't complaining!Is this the best taco I've found in Philadelphia?
Yes it is!
Is this the best taco I've ever had?
Nope!
Also:  slow, slow, slow, slow, slow...  Slow.When searching for good Mexican comfort, there is no need to go farther, or more expensive. It MAY just be a mobile home near Jefferson Park, but it churns out some of the best tacos i have had since residing in Philadelphia. Since first visiting their former satellite operation at Snyder Plaza, I have been in love. I usually order, Two Al Pastor and two Lengua Tacos. The Tongue is delightfully tender and chewy, perfect for a tongue fan like myself. In addition the well seasoned Al Pastor tacos with pineapple rock. If your in the neighborhood, be sure to stop into this mouthwatering Mexican Delicatessen!The chicken tacos were the best.  The al pastor I wasn't a fan of at all but I'll be back for the chicken.  I might try the burritos and tortas next time.  Didn't wait that long at all.  Was rough walking home smelling it all.  The little container of red sauce is hot af. It'll clear up any sinus issue you have for rest of the year.Amazing tacos.  I tried both a chicken and pork taco - both were equally juicy and flavorful.  They used real corn tortillas - so it was that much more authentic.  The wait was a bit long, and I was starving by the time I got my tacos.  Also, their prices were pretty steep and I was still hungry after two tacos.  But I guess you have to for quality sometimes - they were really good!You want authentic Mexican food, Juan Carlos will get it to you. I haven't seen him in a while but I would specifically drive from south jersey to pick up an order. I've introduced atleast twenty people myself to him and all of them have loved it and many even have gone back. His spice level is amazing and he is extremely humble. I honestly would check it out and just talk to him and he will try making you something you will enjoy.This is easily my favorite Mexican joint in the city.  It's cheap and sketchy but I swear that makes the food taste all the better.  I highly recommend the beef tongue taco and the crispy fried pork taco.  Both are amazing and after one trip you'll be hooked.I tried Taco Loco for the first time a couple days ago, after buying a house around the corner last Monday. Proximity to Taco Loco is now another reason that I love my new place!
Their tacos are AMAZING. They're easily top three--if not the best--tacos I've ever had. Also amazing: the salsa squeeze bottles.
Taco prices range from $2 for chicken to $2.50 for most other meats (pork, asada, etc.).
Stop by if you're in the area (or even if you're not), you won't be disappointed!Great authentic Mexican food - only complaint is the menu is confusing so you don't know how much you will be paying, the good news is the prices are negotiable!The mileage on this food truck must be very low cause this truck never moves... Good cheap tasty tacos.. I paid $6.50 and it got me a beef tongue taco and 2 carnitas tacos... Pretty good- pork was a little dry to be fair- but good flavor.  Also I know some reviews have said how slow this place is, but I got my food in 5 min and it was lunchtime (12:30) on a weekday.  Bonus point for them: I asked where I could get a lime close by as I was gonna prepare myself my warm weather drink of choice (tequila reposado, pinch of kosher salt, juice from half a lime, and grapefruit soda) to accompany my tacos and after a brief exchange in spanish between the man and woman working the truck, I had myself a lime.  I asked the cost of the lime and they said free charge.   I love shit like that.  I will be back but I'm not ordering the carnitas again because, while fine, that was the weakest link out of the 2 types of tacos I tried.So here I am sitting in a plastic chair next to a loud generator powered truck waiting for my chorizo taco and a tortas de cubana thinking man I hope this is good. Five extras from Machete show up and do their thing. So the six of us are here kicking it on our plastic chairs anxiously awaiting our grub. I'm thinking this must be the real deal. Can't wait! 
   Ok, so I get my bag and go back to my car because it starts to rain.  The chorizo taco is solid. It is in a soft corn tortilla. I usually don't like corn tortillas but this one was really good.  As far as the Cubana, I was expecting a typical Cuban sandwich.  That is not what I got. I got some kind of jacked up hot dog/ pulled pork combo sandwich. I fearlessly devoured it.  It was surprisingly very good. I would certainly try this place again.My son and myself make monthly delivery off of Washington. Every time we pass the Taco truck we say that we should stop and get some tacos. Well today was the day. It was a wonderful surprise to taste such good food. The food was fresh, flavors were vibrant and the meat was tender. We will stop again the next time we are in the area. The only complaint is that the wait time for 2 tacos and 1 burrito, from the time we placed the order until the order was complete, was almost 1/2 hour. Next time we will call ahead.South Philly, PA
You know what's strange? I like this place. And I dont usually like Mexican food and it is usually last on my list. I eat here at this lunch only in summers when I dont feel like driving and want fast food. It is cheap and edible.Awesome!its a taco truck.  its cheap.  it delicious.  
i've eaten street food in mexico. its not this good.  
not the best setting. the menu may be somewhat too authentic for alot of people to understand what everything is.  but order anything.  worst case scenario, point at something, put some of their hot sauce on it, eat it.  then crave it again in two hours.Taco Loco brought me back to my recent trip to Cabo...  I was craving some seriously good, authentic tacos and decided to try Taco Loco out.  It was a winner and I will definitely be back.
We got three kinds of tacos (in order of preference): pollo (chicken), chorizo (a Spanish sausage), and astada (steak).  All were served, two soft corn tortillas, with a bunch pile of meat, and some simple onions and cilantro.  Very authentic, very simple, very tasty.
We also tried a tamale.  I'm no tamale connoisseur but I thought it was awesome; very flavorful.
They also have a few flavors of Jarritos soda.Taco Loco has great tacos.  Tried the al pastor and tongue, and they were flavourful & succulent. Nice selection of garnishes and sauces too.This is my first review on Yelp and my strong opinion about this taco trailer on the side of the street has a lot to do with this. 
This was the second taco trailer my husband and I (recent transplants from So. California) saw while driving down Washington to run some errands so I saw it as a sign that I needed to stop. 
I pulled over, did the parallel parking thing, and stepped up to order for my husband and I. Firsrt of all, the man in the trailer was super nice - he didn't burst my bubble and start talking to me in English as I did my thing and ordered in Spanish. I ordered two tacos al pastor for myself, two chicken tacos for my husband, and 1 tamal for us to split. 
We were naiive and waited at the window for our order thinking it would come in 5 minutes or so. We should have taken note of the 3 other people who were there before us leaning against the fence who looked hungry as they stared at the man in the trailer who were about to change their lives. 
Twenty minutes and $12 later we had our food. My husband didn't end up getting chicken because early on the man in the trailer let us know he had run out of chicken. Okay, no problem. We ordered pork instead. The pork was carnitas, crunchy, and plentiful. The tortillas on all tacos were larger (and greasier - slurp!) than I was accustomed to in CA. And, the pastor - omg - I wanted to cry from happiness! Early on I was kind of scared the flavor and texture of the pastor would be missed and 20 minutes of my life would have gone to waste - but that was not the case here.  The tamal was a whole other story. I was expecting a small tamal wrapped in corn husk - nope. It was wrapped in a plantain husk and so big. We unwrapped this present and it was a piece of art. Clearly the masa had been seasoned based on its orange/red color. In addition, it was not a crazy dense piece of doughy maiz. It had substance but was not too heavy. I also appreciated the colorful spices (and lack of heat) from the pork that was enveloped by this masa mix. 
We ate our food there and thanked the man in the trailer in Spanish as we left. In return, he directed us towards his business cards and reminded us to call in advance in the future so the wait time would not be so long. In sum, Taco Loco lives up to it's name and is my go to Mexican joint in Philly until someone else claims that title. EL FIN.Is there any more authentic way to order a taco than in Spanish from a old truck while watching a bunch of local Mexican kids play soccer in a dusty field?I eat toco loco all the time.  It is the shit!  If I was being sent to the electric chair and was given only one meal to eat before I died, I'd pick taco loco.  Maybe a corn beef special from 4th Street deli, or possibly some Crown Fried Chicken; But my first instinct is Taco Loco.Al pastor is soo good becca. Hot sauce is bangingDecent Mexican food. Prices aren't too bad. Took a while for a single taco, but at least I know it was made fresh.Good tacos. I had Chorizo, Tripa, and Al Pastor (the last one). They run out of their popular pork tacos very fast especially on weekends, so you should get here early.I have a Mexican friend that lives in South Jersey and he saiid that this place is the best. I got a call from him last night that he was taking his family to Philly for Taco Loco. I ordered what he had it was a tongue taco. OMG! It was amazing. The meat was tender and flavorful. The greens were fresh,  the corn tortilla was tasty. Delicious exotic flavored beverages. This will be a place to pick up dinner without a doubt, maybe even today!Eat here all the time, awesome traditional tacos, chicken, pork, steak & chorizo are all very good. The burritos aren't bad but I stick with the tacos. I haven't ventured beyond that, but I don't want to ruin a good thing by expecting to much from a taco truck stand.Considering that the truck is only a few blocks away from my house so it's conveniently located for when I want a quick eat. It's definitely authentic, they use actual corn tortilla and their pollo chicken taco is shredded chicken, which makes it that much better. If you're an adventurous eater, they also have cow tounge tacos.Cheap.  
Dirty. 
Authentic. 
Strange sauces. 
No English. 
Exotic sodas. 
Loud. 
Scary at nite. 
Extensive menu. 
Soccer. 
Delicious. 
I love this place.Some of the best tacos I've ever had. Rivaled some great ones from hole in the wall taqueria in Houston.  Only advice if offer is call ahead if you are really hungry cause they make everything to order and it can take a while if they are busy. I'm posting a photo of menu and my tacos.True.. if Taco Loco was in a field in west PA you would think someone was cooking meth in there, but instead they are cooking the best Mexican food in Philadelphia hands down. I would eat here everyday if I was not guaranteed an express trip to heart attack city. Their tortas rank up on my all time top sandwich list, that's right "all time!' .. I must stress this is like a Kanye West "all time!" proclamation. They have a ton of options: pork, tripe, chicken (the weakest of the bunch-skip it), chorizo, carne de whatever...if it was clucking, mooing, squealing at one time you can get it dead smothered in sour cream, cheese, avocado and on a delious salted grilled bun. I usually have a side order  of a couple of their  tacos- a little greasy w/ some of the fatty meats, but still excellent- to accompany my torta. All that for 10 bucks!  The burrito is decent too but unfortunately it's the sister that is ok looking but no one pays attention to her cuz her sisters are way hotter-kinda like that kardashian sister who no one knew b4 she married Lamar Odom.When ever I get down to Philly, Taco Loco is a must visit food spot. I've been eating here for months and its always superb.
I have only had the tacos from here. I always find the meat to be incredibly tender and well seasoned and dressed with the right amounts of fresh onions and cilantro. The corn tortillas are chewy and tasty. Its a really great operation and the prices are very reasonable. I usually get the carnitas, asada, tongue, or chorizo tacos.
My only gripe with this place is that the hours are wildly inconsistent. Sometimes you go, the generator is running but no one is working. Other times, its shut down all together at 1pm. The lack of reliability is frustrating but the food is really good when its open.Great tacos and a great price.  I got the al pastor, chorizo and carnitas.  The al pastor had great flavor but was a bit dry, the chorizo was good and the carnitas were amazing.   I feel like a lot of time well cooked carnitas have good texture but not a ton of flavor.  This was not the case at all hear - the texture was on point and they had a ton of flavor.  Green hot sauce they come with is also really good.  I would highly recommend for tacos.Tacos el rodeo used to be my go to, but they've been slacking so I've switched over to this truck.
Slightly more $$, but still cheap, these tacos are great. I love the pork. The chicken is also good.
I'm a pretty strict taco person so I can't comment on the quesadillas or burritos.
Warning: the hot sauce is SUPER hot.Taco Loco's formula is simple...
Quick service of a cart +low prices+ (grilled soft corn tortillas+tender tasty meat+fresh cilantro+diced onions+a squirt of salsa verde)= some of the best tacos I've ever had
The only drawback is that their hours seem to be random and inconsistent, but now that the weather is warmer, I anticipate that they will be open more often. Definitely a must-try place if you're in Philly.I am a little weary of eating at food trucks, but I am SO happy that I did. The burritos and tacos are fantastic. The meat is extremely flavorful, all you need is a little cilantro and lime and you're set! The food took a little bit to be prepared (good to know it is made to order, though!) but there are chairs provided there. It was well worth the wait!Great tacos at decent prize. I actually loved the tripe and tongue the best. Will definitely buy from here again when I'm in the area.The best taco truck in the city of Philadelphia, I kid you not! I must have been here at least 3 times last week. The more taco places I ate at, the more Taco Loco stood out. The tacos here range from $2.50 to $2.75 and they load it with meat every time. My favorite was always the al pastor, their spicy pork marinated in pineapple tacos. The pork was packed with flavor and the pork fat helped caramelized the crust and crisp up the meat on the pan. 
The owner Carlos is just an awesome guy. He always served up my food with a smile. With the exception of maybe Blue Corn, I don't believe any other spots in the city can really compare to their al pastor tacos. Cheap eats, great service and absolutely delicious food, five stars. If you are going to order a lot however, make sure you call ahead, they are always busy so the wait can be long.One word sums up how I feel about Taco Loco: FINALLY!
Yes, Taco Loco is the taco truck parked on Washington right by Jefferson Square Park.  Every time I would drive by, I would consider stopping because I just knew it would be great.  Well, I finally took a walk down there, and I was so right.
This place is authentic.  Soft corn tortillas, all the meat options you would expect from a real Mexican joint (like carne asada, lengua, and chorizo), fresh cilantro, and a little bar where you can add (more of) your own onions, peppers, salsa, and lime.  They even serve drinks like Jarritos and Boing!
So cough up a couple of bucks (seriously), grab a couple tacos, and go inhale them on a bench in Jefferson Square.  Andalé.Some of the best tacos made fresh. Great to ride up to on your bike, place an order and 5-10 minutes later be eating good food. It's great.Taco Loco is amazing Taco truck on 4th & Washington Ave located in South Philadelphia and it doesn't disappoint. I had the Al Pastor , Carne Asada and Pollo and all 3 were great I couldn't pick a favorite I'm actually going back again w/ a friend(s)bc the tacos were that good! By far the best I've had in Philadelphia thus far ! 
FYI : be sure to hit the atm before visiting bc It's "Cash Only ".I love coming down here in the area for many reasons, this being one of them. Great finds, local flavors, unexpected eye opening experiences. All of this  brought together with owners treating you like family that they haven't seen in decades. You will not find a feeling like this at a big business type establishments. Taco Loco with that family inside working together  offers you a home like feel with a traditional style dish.
If you guys drive by here and feel standoffish because you hear a generator humming away, then you missed out . Taco Loco is a solid , guarantee to satisfy you with out breaking the bank.  
Ordered 3 tacos choriqueso (chorizo and cheese) carnita (pork) and a pollo (chicken) soft shell taco. All 3 were filled , heavy, meaning they are not being selfish with the meat and simply delicious . The Carnita (pork) was tender, full of spices with a flavorful rush to the senses. It literally melted in my mouth with every bite, a must order. The chicken taco another great tasting option. If you like chorizo with cheese these guys nailed it. Great tasting chorizo, a nice spicy sausage chopped and layered perfectly with the cheese holding everything in place. A blanket of deliciousness with a fresh warm tortilla enhancing this to a whole different level. All 3 for a grand total of $6.50, yes I did type that correctly without any errors.  
Where else can you find fresh ingredients, fresh salsas with different measures of heat? Where else can you find a truck that offers homemade traditional Mexican food with a price that can not be matched? Taco Loco with everything you have to offer you guys will be around for a while. Great flavors, great group working, delicious food, simply delicious.Best tacos ...period.
super reasonable prices.  my family absolutely loves the tacos here.
i usually call ahead and then pick up...cos sometimes the lines get long...man, i am craving them tacos again..see yaLong wait for food. Good tacos. The quesidilla with melted cheese is delicious.This truck has The best pork tacos ever! They are Always consistant. They are very friendly and clean.A few days ago,I happened to come to this place while walking. I ordered their Beef Burrito and took my first bite,OMG! It was so tasty and satisfying! The beans,rice and lettuce framed the burrito perfectly;plus the size was generous! The beef was full of flavor and the tomato slice was so good! The burrito is 12 inches long and will fill you up like it did me! You get your money's worth here. I plan on going back to Taco Loco's and will try more of their cuisineI eat here probably way to often, but best lengua/beef tripe tacos I've had in the city !I will say the customer service leaves much to be desired but the taste and the quality of the food will exceed your expectations. It's definitely worth a visit or two or three ....Had it for 1st time today. Recommend highly. Fresh ingredients made to order. Nuff said.My dad grew up in LA so he's always scouting out good Mexican food. This spot has been our favorite for years! Highly recommend their al pastor tacos. Cheap, fast, friendly and absolutely delicious!!I took my parents from NC here one day.  I just love taking them to some of the more exotic places in philly.  Ordered our food, and sat there on the sidewalks (taco loco provides chairs, duh) and watched the soccer game in the park.  My mom LOVED it.  
I was eating here at least once a month, and I would drive all the way from jersey just to get some.  People have been complaining about the service speed.  Maybe you should just goto Taco Bell if you want something fast.  Good things come to those that wait.
Taco Loco is pure awesome!
Does anyone know if they actually live in the truck too?For many moons, Susan G. has been on a mission to introduce me to Taco Loco. As we returned home from excursions to the Italian Market, we would slow down, squinting at the famous truck, trying to make out if they were open or not. I had lost all hope when, one magical day, we passed by and the awning was out. That seems to be the signal that they are open for business!
We got Al Pastor tacos, because they are delicious, and eschewed hot sauce so we could revel in the delicious taste of the tender pork. They were piping hot - perfect for the cold winter day - and served on real corn tortillas. Definitely the closest thing to the tacos of Southern California that I'm used to, and I think the tortillas were a big part of that. They were made fresh while we waited, and were devoured in moments. 
Of course, part of me wishes they were open all the time, or at least open regularly, but part of me is intrigued by the mystery. Plus, it just feels so special when you catch them open; like seeing a shooting star, it is a rare, beautiful, and some might even say mystical occurrence.