So we got to Philly and were STARVING so I Yelp a place to eat.  Tacos Don Memo has great reviews and sounds tasty so we head there.  It's a FOOD TRUCK!? Who knew... 
Nevertheless, we were starving, it smelled great and we were already there.   They were already out of al pastor at 1230- so sad!! So instead I got a Torta with Carnitas!  Delicious and juicy meat. Unfortunately, the food inspector came JUST as he was about to make my sandwich and he forgot to make it spicy. Boo.  
Great food but takes so darn long to get your order!  It's a tiny little cart with only 2 people.  We must have waited at least 30 minutes!!The best Mexican food truck in University city! The food here is a bit more pricey relative to other Mexican food trucks in the area but I can see a very clear difference in taste and quality with Don Memo being far far better. 
As a vegetarian, my favorite is their veggie torta. The bread is well-toasted and sandwich has perfect blend+amount of veggies, avocado and CHEESE! So scrumptious!! :)Favorite truck on campus by far! Authentic tacos! Super friendly service!
I have started a bit of a rivalry with my friends over which taco truck is best.. once they had this one, almost all of them agreed with me. They also don't charge extra for avocado or cheese like some other trucks might. Extremely nice guys. They also have good burritos but I usually go for the tacos.
This truck made my Penn experience so much better just cuz I could come by to stress eat on the days I needed them most.This place has the best tacos and burritos I've tasted on the east coast. I'm originally from Cali and tacos don memo take me back home.  They have 4 items there (see the post  below) but I've also been able to get super nachos there. Everything there is pretty good, but my favorites are the carne asada tacos and the chicken burrito. I get both with the spicy hot sauce. The use fresh ingredients and everything is made to order. I'd avoid going around lunch time since the line can be terrible. You're usually pretty safe after 2pm.best food truck in all the city...
these guys rule
call ahead of time and you can just roll up to the truck and get your food no need to wait! 
great pork burritos!California native finally found good tacos in philly!! do it. +tamarindo all day errdayGreat tacos and well-cooked meats & toppings, but a bit pricey for around $2.50 per small taco.First some advice, if you want options other than chicken get their before say 1230 or 1 o clock, otherwise no guarantees. This is one of the best food trucks Ive been to. Ive tried all the meats and id have to say my favorite is carnitas. I love that if you want it spicy it really is spicy in a very flavorful way. Iva had the torta which is very good, but the burrito is where the magic happens. The man and woman who run it are polite and provide excellent service.Burritos had been ruined for me traveling to California for the first time several years before moving to Philly. Don Memo's burritos are as good as any I've had out there if not better than most.  There's always a line, and there's a reason for that.  Worth the wait though.The guys that work the cart are so friendly! They obviously take pride in the food they serve. Everything is so yummy that you can't go wrong!
The wait can be long if you go during a popular time.... because a lot of people love them!! I've had early lunches at 11:40 when few people want lunch and they are so fast!There have been few times in my history with food that I've happily raised my gastronomic white flag in defeat. It only happens when my poor stomach just can't take any more, even when my taste buds are just getting started. It took me half an hour to recover from the feeling that if I moved even a centimeter, I was going to get half-digested burrito all over my brother's new carpet. He's hoping to get his security deposit back; I'm just hoping for mobility. I'm still looking at half of my burrito, standing on its end, staring me down, as if to say, "Yeah, I knew you couldn't finish me, you tourist punk. Go back to Chipotle where you belong."
But seriously. From my first bite, I got it. Thank Yeshua for Yelp, otherwise I never would have known about this completely unsuspecting cart that doesn't fit more than two people in it at a time. They're the friendliest two people I've encountered since getting here last Saturday -- are all behind-the-counter workers here rude as a rule, or have I just been super unlucky? It made me wish I'd spoken Spanish more with my dad as a kid so that I could get in their good graces. Anyway, I must've waited about 5 minutes tops for my burrito. I'm still deciding whether it's a good or very, very bad thing that this place is a block from where I am. I handed my brother (who, it should be noted, eats literally nothing but peanut butter sandwiches and thus has no reference point for burrito weights) my burrito when I got in, and the first thing out of his mouth was, "How much did you pay for this?" Six dollars exactly for a burrito that must cost them at least eight dollars. He also asked if it was the kind of thing I could re-heat, because it must've been at least three meals.
I should've listened to him and stretched it out, but my mouth got too greedy. This is everything a burrito should be. It's like I was asleep, and today, I woke up and tasted a bu-rri-TO for the first time. I can't comment on the spicy sauce because I'm a pansy, but I have no doubt it's out of this world. The whole is definitely greater than the sum of its parts, but those aren't anything to take lightly, either. Fresh, fresh vegetables, perfectly cooked rice full of flavor, and the steak? There's something about the way Latin folks cook meat that just cannot be beat by anyone, anywhere.
Pity I can't take this place back with me to Athens. I think the greater pity is that my brother can't appreciate this place when he's so freaking close. If you can get here and enjoy the food, do it as much as possible, and I'll live vicariously through you.
P.S. Evidently you can order online at http://www.foodtrux.com, but I didn't try it, so I can't comment on it. However, unless it's peak eating time, I would just go and watch your creation being made by these artisans.Most importantly - vegetarian friendly!!
Their vegetarian burrito is the best I've ever eaten. And I'm generally just very happy that they sell one. I prefer it without rice, but thats just me.
Beware: there is usually a long queue here around noon, everyday!! It can take up to 20 minutes to get your burrito if you've had the misfortune of having 6 or 7 orders ahead of you. 
The two guys there are both friendly.During lunch, I prefer not to make a five-block trek in 90ยบ, 100% humidity weather to get my grub. Today, however, a persistent coworker somehow convinced me to make the journey up to 38th for one of Tacos Don Memo's burritos al pastor.
First things first. I'm not usually into burritos. I usually find them too bland or too dry...or just too fluffed up with junk lettuce. I'm much more of a tacos dude. So far I've only taken two bites of this burrito and am already certain that this is the best burrito I've ever had. It took a long time to prepare, but watching them prepare every ingredient from scratch was mesmerizing.The better of the burrito/taco carts around Penn's campus. burritos are filling and have a good composition and flavor. good number of options to choose from for a cart in terms of meats. I've run into burritos here that were a bit salty (even compared to places like Chipotle) a couple of times, but it's ultimately still a food cart and provides good value for one.Delicious tacos with a nice crust and spice on the Al Pastor, incredibly juicy hunks of pork shoulder in the Carnitas tacos. Tamales were delicious and huge for $2.50.
You can see why this spot is popular, which means there could be a downside of waiting 15-20 min for a couple Tacos.
Burritos and Quesadilla looked good as well and I liked the focused menu - meaning you do a few things but very very well.This is where you get the best burritos in West Philly. They don't skimp you on the ingredients, they're wrapped neatly, and the meats are more flavorful than anything you'll get at most of the places in Philly. A burrito plus soda will probably run you $9-$10 but it'll probably be the best lunch you've had all week.Hands down the best tacos in West Philly. Ask for everything SPICY! Friendly courteous staff, always seem to remember you. Cheap inexpensive tacos, big tasty burritos, tortas are great!  $8 for 3 tacos fills you up! Love these Guys! (And the cater to the non meat eaters...) #PhillyTacoTourI am originally from New Mexico, and in my opinion Tacos Don Memo sells the best tacos in Philadelphia.
Now, this is a pretty small food truck, there can be a line (though you can get their number to make advance orders), and there is nowhere to sit near the truck. But I am not paying for ambience, I am paying for TACOS. And for $7, the three tacos I can get there are pretty amazing. They will do spicy or mild, they give you little lime wedges for the tacos, and the way they pack them up in individual paper plates ensures that the tacos will still be fresh and delicious even after a 10-minute walk back to, say, my office. My favorites are the al pastor and bistek tacos, but the others are good too. And their spicy is actually spicy, which is a joy on the east coast.
I've heard good things about the other menu items. But I could never pass up the tacos.I went to this food cart at Clark Park and I ordered the veggie torta. 
Let me tell you, it was so big that I died.
Now I'm dead anymore, but let me tell you, it was an experience that truly defies words. But, I want everyone to know they needn't be afraid.
Everything was suffuse with white light and everyone I'd ever loved was there. 
I was on the veranda of a vast estate, a palazzo of some fantastic proportion. There seemed to emanate from it a light, from within this gleaming, radiant marble. I had known this place. I had, in fact, been born and raised there, and this was my first return--a reunion with the deepest wellsprings of my being. Wandering about, I noticed happily that the house had been immaculately maintained. There had been added a number of additional rooms, but in a way that blended so seamlessly with the original construction, one would never detect any difference. Returning to the house's grand foyer, there came a knock at the door. Don Memo was standing there. He was happy and carefree, clearly living a life of deep harmony and joy. We embraced--a warm and loving embrace, nothing withheld. We were, in this moment, one. My vision ended. I awoke with a tremendous feeling of optimism and confidence in Don Memo and his future. That was my vision.I come here way too often for my own good. 
There is a Chipotle and a Qdoba about 3 blocks away, but I'd rather go to Tacos Don Memo. That's got to say something about their food. The tacos are tasty! $3 for a taco ($7 i think if, you order 3 tacos). These guys really know how to wrap a burrito, it doesn't fall apart on you as you eat it. I think I might stop by again tomorrow....
Tip: They have business cards. Pick one up the next time you go and you can call in your orders ahead of time so you don't have to wait in the line.Wary of food carts?  Me too.  But these are the best tacos al pastor north of the border at rock-bottom prices.  This is now my meal plan.Not sure about the location listed here, but their tacos at the stand on 38th and locust can't be beat. Incredibly tender and flavorful meat, fresh salsa, and complimentary lime slices... What more could you ask for? I've eaten at quite a few taquerias in Philly and this stand is right up there with the best of them.Tacos Don Memo is the best mexican food truck in philadelphia. The burritos are really juicy and the al pastor is on point. The seasoning is really some of the best I have had and the prices are cheap as well. get a jarritos here and a burrito, and be in ecstasyThis is one of the best food trucks on campus!  The food is fresh, and dependably delicious.  Like all popular food trucks located in university city, I sometimes have to wait for awhile in line for my order to be prepared, but the service is friendly and the truck is cleanly.  I usually order the chicken or pastor (pork) tacos, and I ask for them spicy, but I've heard you can't go wrong with anything you order from this truck.  Highly recommended!!!I'm mexican and I can attest Tacos Don Memo are real mexican tacos. Their amazing flavor, salsas, everything is good! Highly recommended!I ordered the tacos here and they were delicious. Unfortunately, with food trucks I expect "fast" service, but waited almost 30min for my tacos.maybe I should try their other food items but i find the tacos to be extremely overrated. i have been here a few times and i've been disappointed every single time.I got my food very quickly in comparison to some of the other reviews I've read.  I ordered two items: the "steak" quessadilla and the "carnitas" tortas.  
My take on the steak is that the cut of meat was very chewey and had not been cleaned properly.  Nevertheless, it was seasoned well and the over quessadilla was pretty good.
The carnitas were alright.  It seems like the pork shoulder used for the carnitas is cooked for entirely way to long.  Yes, carnitas should be tender and succulent, but they should also have a meaty texture.  It really tasted like a bunch of moosh with all the other mooshy ingredients in the sandwich.  That being said, I ate the whole thing.  The flavor was pretty good.
Overall, I'd like to maybe see some more fresh ingredients like more herbs, lettuces, salsas, fresh jalapenos.  I think it could improve the already pretty good dishes.  
Their Jarritos soda collection was pretty nice.  They even have the mexican made Coca Cola bottles, which seemed to always be a little better than the cans.
I would go to this place over many other mainstream chained inpired mexican places in the University City area.This is possibly my favorite place to eat. Not just in University City. I'm talking all of Philly. My friends and I have had a running game all summer to see who could eat at The Don (as we like to call it) the most days in a row. I made it to 3 weeks, 5 days a week, but that wasn't enough to topple the streak of 20 my roommate stacked up at the beginning of summer. 
The lines are long, but if you call it in and take care of errands, it's no problem. The burritos are pretty huge; you'll probably eat it in two sittings on an average day, although it's definitely possible to scarf it down when hungry. I've been on a taco binge recently- in fact i just ordered 2 chicken and 1 beef taco, spicy no onions.
The tostada is like having the burrito in a hard shell; it's great pairing 1 tostada with 2 tacos for a filling meal. 
The torta is the one item wholly different from the rest, with milanesa, avocado, jalapenos, carrots, lettuce, tomato, cheese, and some beans rounding out this delicious sandwhich. There is none of The Don's hot sauce on this one, though, so it has a different taste than the other items.
I'm getting hungry thinking about this place. Gonna go pick up my tacos now.3.0 stars
After reading much about this much vaunted food truck and its wares, I was curious to see how it stacked up against other places I've visited. I ordered a spicy pork burrito, since there seemed to be a lot of good things mentioned about it. The wait itself wasn't too bad, maybe 10 minutes or so. The burrito came out piping hot. I carried it back and proceeded to dive in. The spices were nice and hot, just like I like it. There was also some fresh cilantro and I believe some lime thrown in. The pork was allright, but it didn't taste like it had been marinated or seasoned at all. Also there was a vein in at least one of my bites, which makes me question thequality of their pork meat.  The rice was a little overcooked and chewy/hard in spots. The black beans were decent.
Overall I enjoyed the taste of the burrito, although that vein and some crunchy rice in one part of the burrito kept me from rating it any higher.
I"ll try the tacos next time and see if they are any better.These are the best tacos this side of the Mississippi. The main cook is a really great person, and their spicy sauce is so good, I often catch myself licking it off the wrappers when I have finished my tacos. I have also tried the sopas. They were amazing, but more of a hassle to eat seeing as they don't fold easily. What could be better than two delicious tacos for $5? Three delicious tacos for $7. Yum. Often find these guys near 38th and Spruce. Never leave me. Please.Food is so good and fresh. Please ahead and be prepare to wait even if you order ahead. It's two workers on the cart and everything is made to order.It's called TACOS Don Memo for a reason. There is little reason to get anything but tacos, which are by far the best, most authentic in they city. 
Well, their tortas are also sublime, but quite a kick in the calories. One chicken torta, and I'm not allowed to eat for the rest of the day, as it consists of a large crusty roll, seasoned fried chicken, avocado slices, jalapeno pickles, cheese, mayo, lettuce and tomato. The tacos are simple: just meat, onions, cilantro and salsa. Their burritos are not my favorite thing; I'd definitely stick to the torta and tacos.
You can order online at foodtrux. Also, if you go any time between 12pm and 1:30pm, be prepared to wait, or even to be turned away! Yes, this cart place does so well that they actually turn away customers. No taco for you! (Truly, they are much kinder than the soup Nazi.)Stop reading this review.... and just go. These two guys make incredible burritos and tacos! Their ingredients are always fresh and high quality. I have been at least 10 or so times and their food is consistently great. They outrank Honest Tom's and Guacamole in my opinion. I'm a big fan of their chicken burritos and tacos. It usually takes about 15-20 minutes if they are in Clark Park, but well worth the wait. My favorite Mexican spot in Philly, no question. I really wish they had a physical restaurant, because I think they'd be very successful.this is the first mexican truck i've ever tried around Penn campus and it's...MORE THAN JUST AMAZING! 
They have a short but friendly and efficient menu which doesn't make people fear that they'll make wrong decisions. sweet! 
There are three options of meat: chicken, beef, and pork. Actually four, there're marinated pork and non-marinated pork. 
Three levels of spicy-ness: spicy, mild, and not spicy. I always go with spicy. wish they could have super spicy like magic carpet! 
I love everything on their menu. You can't go wrong. the only thing I'm not very fond of is that their tacos are not as good as Cucina Zapata's. the tortillas are a little bit too dry. but it's totally subjective and they definitely deserve 5 stars. 
DO expect a LINE at lunch time. I mean it.ZoMG!!! Tacos Don Memo is the bomb!
I lived in California for about 17 years of my life, visited many times when I did not live there, and have been to Mexico about a dozen times. I think I may just have found the Philly section of Mexico and it's packed into a small food stand that barely fits the two guys whipping out authentic goodness.
Prior to my experience in Mexico, PA, I had never waited more than 15 minutes for food from a street vendor. My wife and I waited a half hour. So, clearly, we were not the first to discover this Mexican oasis. But seriously, you wait that long for your order from a food stand and it better be good.
Yeah, they past the test, crumbled it up, and slam dunked it. I had a carnitas taco. Awesome. I had a chcken taco. Killer dude. And, I had a quesidilla. So tight.
The meat was seasoned and marinated so well it just tingled my tongue the right way. Each item was packed with toppings that made it better. Everything was fresh and so tasty, even the authentic taco shells.
Now an experienced Taco Don Memo customer, next time I will call ahead so I don't have to wait so long. You heard that right, this food stand takes phone orders to cut down the wait of those savvy enough to take advantage of this service.
Now, stop reading my review and go get you some Tacos Don Memo!The food here is so tasty.  I've had the chicken and steak tacos and the chicken and steak burritos.  The flavors are outstanding!  I haven't tried the al pastor which is what I want to try next because it gets such high reviews, but that is next on my list.  The prices are reasonable.  For $7 you get a large burrito packed with so much goodness.  And the staff at this food truck are really nice.  I recommend this place which is now on Spruce and 38th Street.Awesome burritos and their spicy sauce reminds me of this amazing burrito place my wife and I went to in Kauai (yes Hawaii =P). Love the al pastor tacos too. 
Steak and chicken can tend to be on the dry side some days though.Pastor tacos were great! Very fresh ingredients and perfectly cooked meat. They are sometimes at Clark Park on Saturday during the farmer's market hours (corner of 43rd and Chester).Words cannot express how amazing the food is here. I took off one star because it is SLOW, though if you show up early (11:30ish), the wait is much shorter. Regardless, don't go here if you're in a hurry. Wait until some day when you can take a long lunch break and savor the taco goodness.My coworkers were already fans of the place but one day this winter on an exceptionally cold day we were attempting to call in our order. We got no answer. But five minutes later we received a live call acknowledging that they were closed due to the extreme cold but they appreciated our patronage and would be back the following day. A personal touch that means so much. The food is good and they care about their clients.*They are currently located on 38th between Walnut and Spruce, closest to Spruce.*
These are well worth the several block walk during a heatwave.  I just avoid going between 12 and 1 to lessen the wait.best food truck around upenn campus, and my favorite burritos in philadelphia. the long lines represent the representativeness of my opinion. 
i'm vegetarian, and though i think their stuff is distinctively meaty-tasting, it's great. veggie stuff is typically $1 less than meat counterparts, and you can get veggie burrito w/ avocado, veggies, beans, and rice with some amazing sauces for $5. also, veggie tostadas are excellent, though quite simple.This food truck is seriously tasty, but it's really hard to stop by here as a student with the long lines! It took around 35 minutes for my friend and I to get our orders, which seemed to be the average for other people in the line as well. So, realistically, not a good grab-and-go spot! That's the only reason I took one star off. There are only two guys working, after all. I will try calling in advance and perhaps will update my review then.  
And now for the food. I ordered a chicken burrito, and WOW. It was super fresh. All the flavors worked super well and the spicy sauce was actually pretty spicy (I'm a spice queen). I've actually never been able to finish half a burrito in one sitting, and this was the first time I literally SCARFED that thiccccc burrito down my throat in one sitting, despite the gradually growing pain from the spicy sauce. #worthit 
They definitely don't skimp on the avo and the chicken, and the ratios are pretty perfect. The sauce was quite oily though, but that's all good in the name of flavor. 
Hopefully I can find time soon to come back! The only caveat to this delicious food truck is the wait time.This truck has some of the tastiest tacos and burritos I've ever had, even having spent time in places like LA, SF, and Austin, where Mexican food is generally very good. It's also very filling, relatively quick, and exceedingly reasonable. My favorite menu items are the pastor or chicken burrito (medium spice) and the pastor tacos (spicy). Line can get a bit lengthy around lunch.I just finished the second-best tacos I've ever had in my life...and they were made in a trailer.  That's pretty damn impressive.
I read on here & elsewhere that the lines for this place are long.  Either they're suddenly hurting for business, or the students are all to busy moving in today to seek out awesome tacos, because there was no line when I got there.  In any case, I called in my order...you should too, because presumably that will keep you from having to wait in line (in the event that a line exists).Delicious chicken burrito for lunch!!! Fresh ingredients and very fulfilling, too.I get the spicy veggie burrito here ...it's the most amazing burrito you'll ever eat...the spicy sauce they put on is homemade and it has an amazing kick to it...you can't get this from chipotle...only thing is it's huge...so if your getting this for lunch make sure to skip breakfast n dinner...the guys on the truck are always smiley and friendly ... this is as good as it gets!"Are your beans vegetarian?"
"Yes! Are you allergic to dairy?"
"No, but I don't eat it..."
"Ok, this salsa has some milk in it, so we won't use that."
I was in the mood for a burrito, it's been getting tougher to get a good veggie burrito in West Philly lately, with the departure of Mexicali. Luckily, Don Memo has one vegetarian option. It's not on the menu, but you can easily order a bean burrito which will run $6 ($1 cheaper than the meat varieties). So much burrito. I think it weighed about 10 pounds and somehow I managed to finish about 80% of it. I may pay for that later. 
My husband will have to avoid my face for the next 24 hours, because, wow, raw onions. But it was a tasty burrito, packed with plenty of homemade black beans, Mexican spiced rice, tomatoes, salsa, fresh avocados, cilantro, onions and lettuce. I asked them to hold the cheese and sour cream, to make it vegan. It was a tasty burrito. I'll be back, until Mexicali opens back up, anyway! Don Memo's menu is clearly for meat lovers, but it's a great option in the land of burrito chains.Wanting to try something other than a burrito, I had the yummy torta (sandwich) with pastor (marinated pork).  I must admit this was a delicious sandwich that had a lot going on.  The combination of ingredients made the meal savory and juicy: two things I look for in a sandwich.  
My only complaints are that the sandwich wasn't spicy at all even though I had ordered it that way and that my bottom piece of bread had a cut halfway, making the meat and other ingredients fall out easily.  Overall, though, I'd definitely come here again.Sad....sad to think that I could have more or less authentic tacos. 
Really nice fellow working there, he even told me the story about his family having a restaurant on 60th street and how they are working hard to have a restaurant again. 
Unfortunately the tacos where pretty bad and the place lacks basic things to make it happen, he would need to have a much better execution and procedures. Wish him the best and hope that my practically invisible review could help him in some way.Tacos Don Memo is a great good truck located between 33 - 34th Market Street in the University City area.  I've eaten there chicken burritos and have tried their tacos carnitas.  Delicious!!  So very tasty and filling.  
Burritos are my favorite and are filled with fresh cilantro, avocado, and your choice of meat, cheese.  You can easily share this burrito as I've done and be pleasantly filled.
Worth the trip!taco trucks everywhere beware because this is the best.  I just can't get enough! There aren't many options, but they make due with what they have.  How could there be many options in a small cart? I always get the marinated pork and that really hits the spot every time I make a stop here.Can't go wrong with the burritos here. I alternate between al pastor and carnitas each time because I can't decide which one is my favorite! Delicious and filling. The wait is a little longer than some food trucks, but it's because everything is freshly made to order.Honestly, not that impressive for a burrito or for street cart food.  I opted for the vegetarian (which was probably the difference between me and the people who gave this place 5 stars), and it was extremely mediocre.
There's just nothing worthwhile for vegetarians: that's my main point.  Carnivores seem to delight and they are more than welcome to continue doing so.This has become my go-to place for burritos in Philadelphia.  The line can be a bit long during the lunch rush, but it is always worth the wait.  The burritos are stuffed with meat, rice, beans, lettuce, tomato, sauces, and avocado but they stay together long enough to be eaten without a fork.  An al pastor (marinated pork) burrito and Jarritos (Mexican soda) runs around 9 dollars, which I feel is very fair for the quality.The MOST AMAZING burritos in the city and they come from a food truck!!  There isn't that much selection -- just tacos or burritos, pork beef or chicken.  But it's filled with deliciousness that I can't even describe.  To be honest, I've never looked inside cuz I would scarf it down in like 5 minutes.  Prices are also very cheap because they're a food truck.
They also have a restaurant, which I've never been to.  But if the food truck is ever closed and I'm craving Don Memo, I will def pay it a visit.Best burrito! And almost enough food for two people (depending on how hungry you are). Normally mexi-food isn't my big thing but this truck serves fresh, delicious and none greasy food. YUM!Great burritos and great price. Wait time can suck but if you are more flexible with lunch time this is never an issue. Burritos taste fresh and the spicy sauce is just . Really convenient option for students and staff alike who are craving yummy burritos and tacos.I love love love this food cart! I have only gotten their chicken tacos and burritos but they taste authentic and the burrito is literally the size of my arm. I kind of wish they could put some more guac and other toppings on the tacos but nevertheless, they are still excellent. Nice thing is you can call them ahead of time to place an order. Otherwise you will likely have to wait 20-30 min on a typical day during lunch.First of all, the cart is now located on 38th between Walnut and Locust. It has not been at 38th and Sansom for a while. They also are at the Clark Park farmer's market on Saturdays. I love their tacos. They also serve breakfast tacos at the farmer's market. Their food is fresh tasty and reasonable.The only reason I am not giving this truck fulla greatness 5 stars is because on Friday (granted, it was lunch time) we waited almost 40 minutes.  That said, the burritos are amazing, and enough to split with a friend (I mean, $3.50 for a piece of heaven) and the tortas (when they have them) are to die for.  I've not tried calling ahead, but those I've seen do it, haven't waited much less than those who just walk up and order.  Try it.  Try it NOW.Delicious!  I had the chicken burrito.  Everything tasted very fresh and the portions were generous.  I love that most menu items come with avocado and cojita cheese!  My burrito was meticulously put together. My only complaint is the tortilla - it tastes store bought and took away from the deliciousness of the ingredients inside.    
Note: I went around 1:30 and there was no line and I waited about five minutes for my burrito so I definitely recommend going during non peak lunch hours.A bit of a wait on most days, but well worth it. Best thing I've ever ordered  (which prompted this review) was definitely the tacos al pastor, spicy. Much better food -- and much more authentic -- than any place I know in the area.When I saw the constructions workers waiting for their food, I knew I came to the right place.  
Like my friend Jessica, I am also from SoCal, so I can spot a poser a taco stand away.  I like my tacos cheap and tasty, and I was not disappointed.  At $2 a taco (and bigger than a coaster!) these are some of the best tacos I've had on the east coast.  The meats are juicy and flavorful, which is actually somewhat uncommon among even good taco trucks.  I think the chicken may have even out-flavored the pork here.  The tacos come with onion, cilantro, (hot) sauce, and a side of lime.  A taco this good doesn't need anything else.  
Pre-order by phone - it'll save you a good 15 minutes!Well worth the search for Don Memo's food truck - now on Filibert and 38th. We had the burritos of al pastor. The meat has great flavor and the portions are big. Good value at $7 a burrito and you can get Mexican coca cola in a glass bottle - the cream of the crop of sodas. I recommend this food truck if you're in the area - great Mexican fast food treat.yes, this place is worth the line that can often have you sitting on the curb for up to an hour.  Some people call ahead but I never seem to get my act together for that.
GREAT tacos with all the right fresh stuff on them.  If you go vegetarian on their burritos or tostadas they usually give you $1 off.  This place is a significant cut above most Penn-area food carts.  Really nice guys who run it too, and they go the extra mile with lime and radish carefully wrapped in tinfoil on the side.  I have had their meat tacos (I am now a lapsed veggie) and they are good, though I really usually save my meat eating for places that use a spit.I didn't grow up eating Mexican food, but Tacos Don Memo makes me wish I did. Anything al pastor from this truck is solid. Each time I've ordered, the food comes out very neatly and well-wrapped too, like they actually put effort into making every single item.... That care makes this truck one of my favorites to visit. 
Also - every time I've come the avocado in the meal is perfectly ripe/tasty. Something magical happens with this truck. 
The wait time can be a little longer (5-10 minutes no wait, and good luck when there's a line) and everything costs about $7, but you can be sure you're getting a quality meal - or two, really.The only authentic Mexican food in Philly makes me feel back at home! Best tacos ever!Hurray for taco trucks! 5 stars may seem a bit steep for a restaurant that could easily be converted into a horse trailer (and may well have begun its career as such), but to truly enjoy the University City food truck experience, you have to overlook trivialities like this. Just eat your tacos (or burrito), 'cause, seriously, they're quite scrumptious. Be sure to give yourself ample time, as delicious takes a while when it's done right.Are the guys who run this truck great? Yes! Are the tacos the bomb? Yes! I think I've tried every one btw. But lets get to the point. The best chicken burrito in the city! I went to get a carne asada burrito one day (my usual go to) and they were out so I ordered the chicken ,spicy and I have never looked back. Don't get me wrong their steak is great but damn! that chicken sings in that burrito. Simple, fresh, and oh so good! I have a standing date with them once a month, I don't live in the city, and I always look forward to it, and I always get the same thing, chicken burrito!
The trick, as with many trucks, is finding them. But the search will be worth It. No thanks necessary just say hi for me and post their location.1. Fresh
2. Flavorful
3. Filling
Consumed (In order of preference). 
1. Asada(Steak) Taco 
2. Chicken Taco
3. Pastor (Marinated Pork) Taco
*chose spicy when asked
I am pretty impressed by this truck. The food, service, and cleanliness were all great! The meat in the tacos were pretty fresh and well marinated. I asked for spicy, and while I didn't really find it spicy (and I only have so-so tolerance), it still complemented the flavor well! 
I ordered a little after peak lunchtime, so the wait was only about 10 minutes. Apparently, you can call ahead to reduce the wait time. 
The guys who run the truck are really friendly. Good service and friendly people are always a bonus!After that first bite into my pork burrito all I saw were stars and colors of the rainbow. This burrito blew me away. The ingredients were so fresh and the flavors blended together so well, it was definitely a party in my mouth. 
When you order from here you get the option of Spicy or Mild. I choose mild on the safe side today and I absolutely loved it. Usually I put siracha on anything I think would need more flavor but this burrito held out on its own. 
I usually walk past this truck because there's always a long line, but today I manage to get there early enough before the lunch rush came in. They're usually at Clark Park on Saturdays along with the farmer's market. Great food, great location. 
I can't wait to come back here to try out their other options! I am definitely hooked and a fan for life. Great news, they even have breakfast options as well!Not that this truck needs my praise, but I can't resist.  Love the Al Pastor Burrito.  5 stars cause it's fresh authentic and cheap.  Call ahead so you don't have to wait 20-30 during the lunch rush.Burrito Friday forever! 
My work buddies and I order from Tacos Don Memo every Friday, and I seriously do think all morning about getting my veggie burrito. It is..just...so....damn...good!
Definitely consider calling ahead if you can. 
And  with the dessert truck next door, I might as well call if Fat Pants Friday from now on.Expensive for a food truck.  Long wait for picking up food.
This is a decent way to get your taco or burrito fix, but be warned the wait is ridiculous on a regular lunch hour during the school year.  I've had their burritos and tacos.  Chicken, al pastor, carne asada.  My favorite is the al pastor burrito, but they usually run out of that meat by 2 or 3 pm.
This place is expensive considering it's a food truck.  At $7 for a burrito (or 3 tacos), it really rivals Chipotle and Qdoba in price.  But the wait here is 10 min longer at peak hour so that's why your paying $7.  Don't forget this is a truck so if it's cold or raining outside while you wait, then that's not fun.
Overall, this taco truck does a good job, but with these prices, I'd love to see a real competitor come up across the street and help drive down prices (and reduce the waiting time) for Mexican food around here.Not only does Don Memos serve the best tacos town, I think its most delicious of all the carts/trucks in West Philly! (I've tried the vast majority). They also have created something magical with their Torta (sandwich)! Fried chicken cutlet, beans, queso fresco, lettuce, jalapenos and fresh avocado! Its easily enough food for two!
The only draw back is that it does take a while but as they say "Good things come to those who wait!"Whenever I write a Yelp review I take a minute to relive my experience at the establishment I am reviewing. As I do that now for Don Memo's, I realize that my mouth has begun to water just from thinking about the mind-blowing torta that I had there. In fact, if they were open now, I would consider getting in the car and driving down to U. City just get one - that's how good they are.
The torta, a Mexican sandwich, includes breaded chicken breasts, avocado slides, pickled jalapenos, and all kinds of other delicious stuff. The cost of this masterpiece? $5. Don't feel like something quite so heavy? Try the tacos. They come with lime wedges to be squeezed on the tacos, giving them a fresh, vibrant feel. $2 each!
The line can be a little long at lunchtime (as with all of the good carts), but it is totally worth it.Seriously, 3 years after being at Penn, Tacos Don Memo still has the funk. Outstanding burritos, by any any measure. 
The wait at this place has only gotten longer over the years. Any place that has *this* many people waiting at it has got to be great - that is the first rule of eating out: look for the place that has more people.
My only concern: could someone tell me how many calories one of their burritos packs? :D
I have been to their restaurant in Upper Darby and the food was very very good there as well. So a big shout out to their Upper Darby place and a recommendation to all of you to go try it out. The menu is 10 times longer. Its just a few minutes away on the trolley, metro or bus - get off at 69th Street Transportation Center and their place is a 5 minute walk.Being from SF and moving to philly for graduate school meant that in all likelihood my mexican food fix was going to go from spoiled to starving.  But early on I found Tacos Don Memo, which is hands down, the BEST burritos in philly.  I cannot think of a single thing I have tried that I did not like. But I have to admit their Torta's are out of this world.  The right mix of meat and beans and fixings with the bread toasted just right so it doesn't get soggy.  Be sure to also check out their Restaurant in upper darby as well for super fresh guacamole and and other magnificent items such as their chicken mole.