Nomnomnom.  Haven't eaten anything I don't like here, but I come back for the enchiladas de mole.This place is mediocre to me. 
I have definitely had better tacos than this place. 
First off, it was hard for me to place an order because they fluff the titles for these tacos. Can we keep it simple people? After all, you are located in the ghetto where the surrounding population is not the most literate. Call a pork taco, Carnitas; not some fancy name you made up. 
Second, I think if you're an employee here, especially the cashier, it would behoove you to know the exact prices on the menu. The cashier was overcharging us for 3 tacos. The only reason my fiancée noticed was because we were low on cash and had just enough for only 3 tacos. We didn't know this place was cash only prior to walking in.
Third and lastly, the tacos had no flavor. They were so bland. I had such high expectations because of all the reviews. Yea, these tacos did not live up to some of these raving reviews on here. I had a pork taco and my fiancée had a chicken. Both were bland. Maybe if we would've gotten a bigger piece of lime we could've added some flavor to these tacos. I barely got 3 drops out of the tiny piece of lime I was given. So first you overcharge me and then you're stingy with your lime? Yea I'm not impressed by this place. Also, in regards to the chicken taco, the chicken had a lot of fat in it. I got annoyed by having to pick out the fat that I didn't even finish the taco. I left here very unsatisfied and hungry. 
As far as the service, the cashier was nice. The wait wasn't too long. There were some college guys eating when we got there. There was one guy in front of us doing take out and one couple that came in after us. 
It was worth a shot trying it out but I would not recommend this place to other and I will not be going back.I have lived around the area here for a few years and have been a customer of Taco Riendo for just as long. Excellent food with healthy portions at decent prices, you see the chef's cook your food right behind the counter. Friendly service, great location minutes from No Libs 
The only reason I didn't give 5 stars is because I feel the food is often filled with rice or beans, and I'd prefer a better spread with meat or vegetables. I will eat here again, no doubts about itTaco Riendo is pretty good.
The hot salsa is amazing and will blast away any other red salsa/hot sauce colloid you've ever had.
The vegetarian tacos are fine. They're less mushy than your average quick fix Mex place, and the lettuce is crisp. 
The guacamole is good. It's nice to emulsify with the hot sauce and create a chunky avocado cream topping for your left over tortillas.Good food, although it's definitely overpriced. They also take very long to serve your meal. I go back only when I have a very long period of time to eat.Went here for the first time with my girlfriend and also work in the restaurant industry so I know what is a good place and the food was pretty good a bit bland but add a bit of what seems like house made hot sauce and it really set it off. The reason for my review isn't for the food but the service. .....I paid 42 bucks for what I thought was 2 platters and a side of nachos n guacamole and 2 jarritos but only got the 2 platters and drinks by no means am I complaining that I want my money but that the lady just seem like she didn't care and was taking it for herself....pretty sad to me and made me kinda not Wana come back....I can only really rate the elotes asados (roasted corn cobs) because it's the only thing I've eaten there - and the only thing I need to eat. 
Taco Riendo offers authentic Mexican fare at a fairly low price - the roasted corn amazingness will set you back $2.50 a pop. (Believe me, you'll want more than one.) 
What, exactly, are elotes asados? What makes them so special? 
Magic. Or, I suppose it could be full-sized cob with topped with Mexican mayo, queso fresco, lime, and chile piquin (pepper).I'm not sure how this rates compared to other Philly-Mexican food, but coming from Chicago I am spoiled where fantastic Mexican food is in abundance and incredibly cheap.  
The taste is quite comparable to those Chicago spots... it is basic, not fancy, and they don't make a fuss in giving it to you in such an elegant way.  It's pretty authentic.  The chorizo I had was really good and not greasy like a lot of places are.  Good rice, good beans.  The interior seems nice, but I only got take out and I sat in the car so I am certainly not a good judge for that.  
This place is by no means bad.. it's okay.. but the prices should reflect that.  Chicago would probably offer these things at least a few dollars cheaper in most cases.I don't usually give 5 stars, and especially I don't give 5 stars to Mexican food because it usually doesn't agree with with me much later... however...
This is by far my favorite Mexican in the city. This mom and pop shop is family owned and casually decorated with ament cozy lightening and the smell of Mexican cuisine in the air for blocks.
The salsa con queso chips was an easy appetizer to nosh on while we waited for our burritos and the orange tangy house made salsa was amazing. I'd definitely get extra next time to smother on my burrito. 
The burrito was perfectly balanced with a heaping load of meat, a pocket of cheese, bean, peppers, onions, rice and a dallop of sour cream. 
My friend ordered the pork and said it was also perfectly constructed and the pork was wonderfully seasoned however I'm not a pork fan so I strayed away.
For a decently cheap 8-13$ meal this place offers quite the punch of Mexican cuisine. Next time I'm definitrly gonna try one of the platters.I actually feel kind of bad rating this place so low, because it does seem to be pretty authentic, and I feel like our experience easily could have been different (in a positive way).
The decor was great, nice and bright and cheery (in stark contrast to the landscape outside).  It was only the two of us and two other people in the place, but if there had been more people it probably would have seemed very crowded (they have a ton of tables and chairs packed into not such a big space).  
Everything started going downhill when we placed our order and were told that they didn't have guacamole "at this time".  This was pretty much a deal breaker for me.  In my book, a Mexican place being out of guacamole is like a burger joint being out of ketchup or an Italian place being out of pasta sauce.  
I got a vegetarian burrito, and my friend got the vegetarian tostadas.  The service was very fast (probably due to the place being almost empty).  The burrito was fine, but a little heavy on the rice rather than the beans.  I profoundly felt the absence of the guacamole.  We've never had tostadas before so I don't have any comparison, but we weren't too impressed.  They might have appealed to some people, but the pico de gallo on them was so spicy my friend couldn't eat them.  I like spicy food, and they were pretty spicy even for me.  We're not accustomed to very spicy pico de gallo--maybe this is an issue of authentic vs nonauthentic--but the menu definitely didn't make it seem like these were going to be as spicy as they were.Since leaving Pilsen (in Chicago), I have been desperate for some quality Mexican food. I came here on my birthday and was not disappointed!! I got their veggie burrito and shared some of their tamales and a horchata. It was all crazy delicious. Beware the red salsa though. If not tempered with horchata it can ruin your taste buds permanently. 
CASH ONLY. BYOB.Good food but I think its overpriced...And its cash only..come on I go with my wife and pay $35 for three tacos and a skimpy burrito and two  drinks..and they can't  afford to accept credit/debit.I'm from Chicago, which is basically infested with Mexican food.  When I moved here I was a nonbeliever in the "Mexican Philadelphia Restaurant."  That is, until I found this beautiful place.  I can't tell you one thing wrong with this place, except maybe that they have too many delicious sauces.
Oh do you think they are a little on the expensive side?  
Well let me tell you, my friend, you get what you pay for, and if you aren't going to pay for a little more tasty, you've got yourself a terrible problem.Simple yet delicious Mexican. Loved the enchiladas and chicken quesadilla. Great neighborhood spot that I'd visit all the time if I lived nearby.stay away. this place is horrible! i was here last year for enchiladas and they were decent so tried this place again for tacos. i paid $10 and change for 3 tacos (two pork and 1 chicken). both were overcooked and lacked any sort of seasoning. not even salt or pepper. to make them tasty they charge extra for sour cream or cheese (not the real mexican cheese btw, shredded jack). i literally had cubed grilled chicken on store bought corn tortillas with a sprinkling of onions. nasty! the salsas are also not very good- super spicy but zero flavor. how is that possible? i would recommend chipotle over this place. cantina down the street isn't as "authentic" but it's a million times better and even with hiked up prices you can get delicious pulled pork tacos for less than this place charges. i'm sticking with mexican restaurants on washington where three delicious tacos average about  $6.Solid Mexican spot. Decent tacos (I am a taco snob).... awesome corn.AWESOME!  I just love this place.  Their food and horchata is great.I'm in the car heading to the port richmond thriftway for groceries..... and I'm thinking about how much I really don't feel like cooking for one and throwing out leftovers.
so I pull over and get out the phone for a taco search. Taco Riendo! I forgot all about wanting to find and try it, so today was the day.
I parked a couple blocks away and followed the scent. the streets were literally filled with the most delicious smell. When I step inside I see the whole grill is about a foot deep in pork, pineapple and onion. That was all the appetizer I needed.
One hiccup was that they told me they were out of chicken, but I think they just meant chicken for tacos? not sure, so I settled on the steak, not usually a choice I make in Mexican fair but I went for it and expected to be disappointed.
It was like taking a train to awesome town. I got take out and this was one of those rare occasions where the take out was fantastic and not sweaty or soggy.
totally worth it!Love this place! Small cozy atmosphere, BYO, delicious food! Usually go with friends, order a few different plates and all share. Everything has been great. Chicken tacos with avocado, onion and cactus one of my faves. Check it out!!Delicious, authentic Mexican food. The guacamole was spicy and so flavorful. The tilapia fish tacos were good. The Latin music was a bonus and just added to the experience. We met the owner 2 days prior to our visit. He's a real sweetheart! The girl that works behind the counter needs customer service training. We weren't even greeted when we walked in. It would have been five stars if not for that.
Update: I visited again last month and had an all around wonderful experience. The service was excellent( different hostess). The owner was working hard cooking up delicious food on the grill. There's something to be said for an owner who does this work himself! This time I had chicken tacos and Mexican Corn. I will be dreaming about that corn for months to come. It was sooooooo good!!!
My 4 star review has been upgraded to a 5 star!I'm surprised that there are any good reviews here, much less a large amount of them. I can only guess that none of you fine people have been to any of the South Philly Taquerias, or hell, even Dos Segundos. My first review of Taco Riendo was better than it deserved simply because I love Mexican. This time, I can't give it a low enough rating.
When none of the workers at a "Mexican" place have any discernable accent, it's a bad sign. I wouldn't be surprised to find thart Riendo is Mexican for Bell.
After ordering at the counter, I went to the bucket of drinks to see the various Mexican soda options. Every bottle was warm. I asked for water, and the girl pointed me to an iceless pitcher and a styrofoam cup. The water was also warm. Nothing better than pouring your own warm drink.
My chicken tacos came out, and in comparison, the water was actually warmer than the food. The salsa, however, is the hottest I've ever had. There's nothing wrong with heat if you can still taste the ingredients. All you can taste here, though, is heat. So instead I ordered a side of pico de gallo, which turned out to be about an ounce worth of pico. A 5-cent portion for $2. It didn't matter anyway since they never brought me any bloody chips!
The chicken tacos would've been more aptly named "cilantro tacos." I couldn't even eat the tortilla shells since they had the texture of being microwaved 10x. They were as rubbery as...a big, thick piece of rubber (I'm at a loss for analogies, okay?!). The chicken was flavorless, bland and luke warm.
I'm really digging deep for something positive to say about this place, and all I can come up with is: the girl at the register was pleasant. That's all I got. It's not enough to get me to come back. Nice knowin' you, Taco Riendo.Taco Riendo is one of the things I am really going miss after leaving Kensington. I see us hoping in the car and heading up there every now and again though.
The burritos are great, so are the sopes, tostadas and salads. But the namesake, the taco, takes center stage. Try them all (if you are brave, even the "taco mixto"). 
Favs:
Truck Driver w/ chicken
Chorizo y queso
Al Pastor
de Pescado
Make sure to finish it off with a glass of Horchata.
They don't take plastic but there is an ATM inside.Excellent food. Cash Only. 
Came to taco riendo for lunch a few days ago and ordered steak, chicken, and pork tacos. All were very flavorful, but the chicken was incredibly tasty. 
Would recommend. 
Just know that it is cash only and freezing cold inside. You order at the cashier and they bring out the food as it is reeady. You pick up your own plates before you go. 
enjoy!Always solid and very reasonably priced, fairly authentic fare.  BYOB, good outdoor space on nice weather.  Not the most exciting or populated neighborhood, just north of Northern Liberties.  Try the Elote Asado (roasted corn on the cob).  Burritos are tasty and filling, but not huge.A good rival to the street tacos I used to savor in NYC. Delicious and affordable, this place needs to stay open later than 9 p.m. every night. Those who never venture above Girard - it's your loss.I have eaten in  both inside and on the patio a handful of times and get take out from here when I need that Mexican Food fix. Its pretty good and pretty authentic (way better than any of that trend-mex stuff in no libs) but not mind blowing and a tad stingy on the shrimp. Also my take out came with no salsa or any toppings whatsoever for my tacos? ARGH. The taco truck on Washington Ave gives more bang for the buck minus the atmosphere. A good place for a convenient burrito .I'm a huge fan of Taco Riendo, but I'm a little reticent to write review because I love how secluded it can be.
The food is extremely fresh and the portions are excellent. I don't eat meat, so I can only attest to the vegetarian burrito and the corn. First things first-- burrito is hot and excellent. This is full stomach, warm belly food. The rice is tasty but not overpowering to the rest of the burrito. 
The corn is freaking phenomenal. I've never had a whole portion, I just take bites of other peoples, because I'm afraid what might happen if I eat a whole ear. The flavor is just amazing.
Also for a period they were not serving avocados and/or tomatoes because of the poor quality of the produce and high price. I admired that. Those two ingredients are quite integral to Mexican food, and I missed them (especially guac) but I appreciated that they chose to forsake certain items due to the lack of quality.
SERIOUS taste, authentic Mexican food, in a cozy little environment-- oh, and it's BYOB.This local BYO is pretty no-frills. You get what you order and it's good and spicy. I had the Tinga tostadas which were good and the guac which was small but flavorful. They gave a lot of chips for a small amount of guacamole. the horchata was very delicious and authentic. Make sure to bring your favorite bottle!!I enjoy Taco Riendo as it often offers some authentic flavor of Mexico, much different from that of So.Cal Amexican. Occasionally things are a bit dry, but its one of the few places I've been to where I was able to get a taco with cactus and oaxaca cheese. Overall, I enjoyed it and would go back.Best tacos in Philly! Take that South Philly! Kensington has got you beat. Great real Mexican. Try the grilled corn that is slathered in deliciousness! BYOB to their lovely patio when the weather cooperates. Great salsa!
Only drawback is that their prices were recently raised, but that does not diminish the quality of their food!wanted to try this place out. it was so-so, their elote was still kind of cold :( the fish taco was ok, not amazing. also tried the horchata, i didn't like it.
it's a corner joint, lot of people were getting take outs. it's a order at the counter and sit/eat kind of place. it's a cheap place if your craving tacos around the way.Delicious! The elote asado is the best Mexican corn I've ever had. Love that it's byo and has a cute outdoor porch.went to taco riendo last night, had some lovely chile relleno tacos with some freakin delicious cheese.  the salsa here is authentic and quite possibly the best salsa in philadelphia.  i just love this place.The corn is the best, although I would reccomend skipping it in the winter (not taco riendos fault, winter corn is no bueno) I actually had the same corn from street vendors in Mexico. I also really like the enchiladas verde a great value since its also served with rice and beans for around $8. My usual order is 2 grilled streak tacos with the super spicey red salsa and at $2.50 each a great deal since you can make each taco into 2 small ones. Ive never been into the chips here, although they are a nessasary vehicle for the incredible salsa verde. Overall it's some of the best Mexican I've had outside of Mexico!When I have a taco emergency this is the only place that fills the void... Best tacos in Philly as far as I'm concerned.  It's a real Mom and Pop joint and everyone's very nice and works hard. Talk to the owner and ask about how he and his wife started the place. Try their al pastor and the carne asada with cactus. I haven't had anything I didn't like.Cool stuff. Some authentic genuine Mexican cuisine in this joint. Real light and fresh ingredients. Nothings overly saturated or salty or sweet like it is at fast food places and phony Mexican style restaurants. They have rotating specials for variety and a deep menu with lots of options. Friendly attentive wait staff, and happy hard working ma and pa working the grills makes for a comfortable laid back environment.When I am craving authentic Mexican on a shoestring budget this place rocks my face off! This family owned restaurant offers fresh ingredience, sizable portions and service with a smile. I am looking forward to the spring when I can enjoy my plate of goodness under the stars on thei new back patio!Been here just once and tried the Pineapple and Pork Burrito. It was awesome, but 10 bux for one burrito is a little much.This is a great place for lunch. I brought my four-year-old daughter here, and both of us had a good meal, which is not something that can be done at every Mexican place. The neighborhood is a little strange, though. It reminds me of the Philly I knew as a boy - plenty of empty lots, warehouses and busted Camrys.
Regardless, my daughter had three shrimp quesadillas, and after I scraped off the flavorful, yet too-spicy-for-a-toddler sauce, she ate all of it. I had three corn tortillas with differing amounts of cheese and shrimp and queso blanco, along with a Mexican Coke. The flavors were fresh, clear, and well blended.
For dessert, I had horchata and my daughter had a flan. The horchata was a real mix of Mexican chocolate, cinnamon, and milk. Very good. The flan, however, was godly. The custard was creamy, but the sauce was a super rich caramel.
It's cash only, of which I barely had enough to scrape by.First time going there today, and like many others came away impressed. I hate cash only, which it seems is everywhere in philly, but I digress. Good overall food, I went with the salmon tacos, and decent prices. Small, but cozy. I will be back again....Taco Riendo is a small, cozy corner spot. You walk up to the counter and place your order to eat at a table there or to get to go. They even have those great really high tables that are fun (and slightly hazardous) to sit at at any age.
The people are very nice and service is quick. My burrito was fresh and piping hot, and was still hot when I got it back to my apartment. Plus, it was absolutely delicious (al pastor burrito - yes please!). I highly recommend Taco Riendo for a cheap, quick bite to eat, especially in snowy situations.
**Cash only!**If Julia Child wrote a Mexican cookbook, she would model it after this place.  This is the most amazing place.  These people really believe in making the most delicious food to make the world a happier & tasty place!
So for breakfast... Burritocon Huevo Chorizo... insane!  Enchiladas Verdes con Pollo, Cebolla y Crema... the cream, the cheese, tomatillo salsa, will drive you to come back the very next day!
Tacos, Tacos, Tacos... wow... wow...  Taco de Alambre Bistek o Pollo Queso de Oaxaca!  Peppers, and Oaxaca cheese and chicken with onions.  For Rock Stars only!
These are the most wonderful people who run this establishment, their team is amazing, I love this place.Great food, byob. Went with friends on a Friday night, didn't wait too long for food. Everyone enjoyed their meal. Have to try the corn on the cob.I'm a FOH manager at a nearby restaurant, and am appalled by the management at this location, I don't believe they even have a manager. I've had issues in the past with trying to contact a manager for catering services and to set up a party at their location, and it was like running into a dead end. Yesterday I ate in at Taco Riendo and had an issue with the food, and suprise suprise, no manager to help. 
1. Back in June I wanted to set up a catering job for a summer event we were doing outside, and called the Taco Riendo asking how to go about setting this up. The cashier said this is a service they do offer and gave me both the phone number and email of the manager. For a week I attempted to call and email the manager to set this up and never received a call back. Finally, I went into the restaurant to try to meet with the manager, and noone with that title was there. The cashier said she wasn't in at the moment, but asked what I needed help with. The cashier then sat down with me and helped me plan and set up my order, took less then 10 minutes. If it only took 10 minutes to set it up with one of the cashiers, why did I try to contact this nonexistent manager for a week? 
2. My daughter's 21st birthday was in August, she wanted to take a group of friends to Taco Riendo because they are BYOB and have an outdoor patio with lights and music. Again, I wanted to set up family style dishes for us to all be able to share. I try to call the manager again, thinking maybe last time there was a reason I couldn't get in touch with her. WOW this time she answered, only after two days! She advises me to not do family style dishes, and to order off the menu on a busy Friday night instead. At this point I wanted to wash my hands of Taco Riendo because I do alot of big events, and the 'MANAGER' clearly doesn't want to take the time to accommodate those kinds of events. But I couldn't cancel because my daughter and her friends were looking forward to going there. I arrived about 30 minutes early to decorate the back, and the same cashier who helped me last time was there. She helps me decorate and asks if there was anything else I needed.... I express how I wanted family style dishes and how I was told to order off the menu. She asks if I still wanted family style dishes and sets it up for me with only twenty minutes until our party. How can the cashier who was busy both times, take the time to accommodate me and the MANAGER not be able to do this. It seriously blew my mind. I wanted to offer the cashier a job at my establishment because she was clearly to nice and talented to be working for such imbeciles. 
3. Friends invite me to dinner last night to celebrate a promotion, since I didn't set this up, I figure there probably won't be a problem. I order the chicken special tacos, which I've had in the past and the meat came out black. Picture will be listed below. Yes, the chicken was brownish black. I ask the cashier to speak with the manager, because the chicken looked old and nonedible, she tells me there is no manager so her and the cook explain to me they switched from white meat to dark meat. WTF. The order specifies with grilled chicken, and instead I received chicken thighs which is filled with fat and the color is not appealing. No sign or anything letting customer know that they no longer serve grilled chicken, instead replaced white meat with dark fat meat. Sorry Taco Riendo, I am done! The last two times I have a pass to you because the staff memeber was able to accommodate me, but last night the staff was clearly incapable of helping at all. 
I ADVISE TO NOT ASK FOR A MANAGER SINCE THERE IS NONE, AND NOT TO ORDER THE CHICKEN.So after reading all of the reviews and even having some local friends tell me I have to go,  I did...while I gave it a 3 my rating would be a 3.5. The staff was friendly and the ambiance was very authentic. The only taco I got that I loved was the pork and pineapple. The chorizo and  the chicken,onion and avocado were good but not special and the steak and cactus was very plain and not very tasty at all. Everything was prepared well but just not a mind blowing experience. I will go again to give it a fair shot and if other things are better I will adjust my review accordingly.Went there for dinner tonight and all I can say is that this place BLOWS. Though the presentation of the food is good, it lacks major flavor. 
All tacos are served in a soft shell and they didn't have ground beef. My husband had the pulled beef tacos which he didn't care for, and I had the cheese quesadillas (mushy, not crispy) and house salad (good). We tried an order of the chicken soup which was pretty good but everything else was just, well..ya know.. MEH! 
Save yourself the trip and go to Qdoba (yes, I said Qdoba) or any other mexican joint in the city. I'm sure there are way better than this.My husband and I stopped by here today for the first and had the steak and shrimp burrito and I must say it was sooo delicious! We will be returning!!The best thing about this place was the byob. and obviously that has little to do with the food. Everything our group had was bland including the chips and salsa.Love this place. I've gotten nearly everything on the menu. I've always been pleased. Pork burrito with pineapple is my go to. Can't beat the chips and salsa too!Another solid mexican spot to add to the list in the Fishtown/Northern Liberties / Kensington area. 
This no frills restaurant is located on a quiet street in a somewhat safer looking area of Kensington.   You just order from the counter and they will bring you the food out to the restaurant area or the outdoor garden area to the right of the entrance. 
My wife and I went for breakfast and I had the chorizo, egg and cheese tacos while she had the huevos rancheros. The tacos were excellent!  Some of the best chorizo I've had since a trip to Barcelona a few years back.  Fresh homemade tortillas too. My wife was fairly impressed with the eggs and tortilla but she thought the beans and rice were pretty standard. 
Even though the chorizo alone was a 10, I give this a 4 as I haven't been enough times to form a proper opinion. I will be returning though!This local Mexican spot is great. Try the chicken burrito, the soups (rotate depending on the day of the week), and the giant meat platter. I usually get double chicken and steak instead of the chicken, steak, and shrimp combo offered. It ends up being about two meals for me which is a decent amount of food. Oh, and it's BYOB. Awesome during the summer.BEST Tostadas!! Best soup- spicy red broth with chicken and hominy. All over wonderful experience. And yes it is cash only- deal with it-Since my last review, I have very carefully gone to Taco Riendo once in awhile just to see if anything's changed (and because honestly, I missed the food!).. and lo and behold, the girl I described seems to have left. I think she had a baby and peaced out.. which makes me tentatively say this place gets 2 more stars.. working it's way back into my heartI had veggie tacos and the taste is amazing! Not ordinary tacos where you have the taste of flour, beans, and cheese and that's it; their tacos is so well seasoned, and the taste is really rich and satisfying.I found this place when taking a shortcut on N 5th Street from Girard to Temple's campus. The curb appeal is what drew me to Yelp to see what this business was all about. After seeing some pictures and reading a few of their reviews I decided to bring my girlfriend there for dinner. 
They don't have a private lot. It's mostly street parking. However, it's in a rough area so be careful depending on the time of day. It is an order at the counter type of place. Also, it's cash only and I didn't see any ATMs nearby. Despite it being right around dinner time we were able to get a table immediately and place our order at the counter. 
We ordered the nachos and a few quesadillas. Sort of a light dinner. Everything was delicious. I definitely want to come back sometime soon to try some of their other dishes and maybe next time we'll take advantage of the BYOB.Oh Taco Riendo... why am I not inside you eating burritos right now?  Oh, that's right, because I was there eating burritos 4 hours ago.  
So two of my girlfriends came to Fishtown today from the suburbs of Montgomery County.  Trying to figure out where we'd have lunch, I suggested this place.  I ignored the fact that we had Mexican on Friday night because those assembly line TexMex chains don't really count, and because I am always up for a burrito.  Glad we went!  
One friend and I got burritos.  The other friend got quesadillas.  We all loved our food.  The meals were simple, flavorful, and fresh.  They didn't need to be drowned in salsa or sour cream.  It was just the right size to fill us to the brim, but not push us into that uncomfortable, too full zone.  
My only complaint:  What's with not serving salsa and chips?  Everywhere else gives them to you!  Granted it's only $2.50 to add it on, and that $2.50 gives you a lot of salsa and chips.  But I'm used to not having to pay for that small luxury.  Another interesting fact, I went from being full for 4 hours to suddenly being starved.  Guess I'll just have to go back for a taco or two.Flying fish tacos, Batman! This place is pretty good. 
No there isn't "flying fish" on the menu, but there is a damn good fish taco. I ordered two, because sometimes that's all you want. Next time, I think I'll be a bit more adventurous, because I know it will be good or, dare I say, better. All I know is I want to take a bath in that hot sauce they give you on the side.
Also, Jarritos is a great soda, and the tamarind flavor is tops.
My buddy got the mole platter, and he let me try the mole sauce and it was quite tasty.Literally the most amazing Mexican in the city!
The chicken tostadas & the nachos especial are amazing! I really don't have anything bad to say except that they don't deliver!
Really a great little find. Fast, efficient & friendly! Certainly worth the stop! When I'm craving Mexican this is my go to & I guarantee it always will be'I'm always in the market for some good mexican food.  I was in the Northern Liberties one day for an art show and just stumbled upon this in looking for a cheap place to eat.
The food is great, the place isn't pretentious.  Its just great authentic mexican food.  You order at the counter, sit and they bring it to you.  Service is quick even when they have a ton of people in this small restaurant.  
Things to order:  Nachos Especial, Enchiladas Verdes, Any kind of taco (although be aware, the tacos are small-order a bunch).
Overall...Its great!Man this place is 100% legit.  The owner Octavia is a great guy, who loves cooking his family recipes.  I have been eating at this place for years and I have never had a bad meal.  Highlights for me are the Tinga burrito and chicken tacos with cactus and avocado.After having lived in Mexico for a few months in High School, I know what authentic Mexican food tastes like. Taco Riendo is as authentic as it gets. Fresh ingredients, simple meals, filling but not grotesquely large portions, and plenty of the good stuff (not just fillers like rice) are trademarks of this little restaurant located in the Kensington area of Philly. Perhaps one of my favorite aspects about Taco Riendo is the atmosphere. It always smells delightful inside the little dining area (where you can watch your meal being prepared and cooked in an extremely clean kitchen), and the decor looks like it all comes straight from Mexico... no keetchy fake Mexican decorations. 
The prices are extremely reasonable, tacos are about 2-4$ for 2 soft tortillas and filling that ranges from the expected (chorizo) to the unique (white fish with pineapple and spicy salsa). And entrees range from about 6$-10$ at most.
My food recommendations are:
ENCHILADAS VERDES!!! These enchiladas are incredible. I have gotten them the last 5 times I have gone to TR. Moist chicken marinated and cooked in the salsa verde then rolled into corn tortillas and smothered in rich yet light and spicy green sauce and covered with cool "mexican cheese" which may be Oaxacan cheese. Side of herbed yellow rice and spicy blackbeans. AMAZING nom nom nom.
Chorizo Burrito: quite simply, stuffed to bursting with spicy sauteed peppers, onions, lettuce, tomato, beans, mexican rice, and plenty of chorizo. Dipping sauce is a smoky red salsa that definitely fires up your senses. So filling you might need to skip breakfast the next day ;)
I'm not sure what this one is called, but during the winter I always get a stew of pollo and calabasitas, basically chicken stew with zucchinni, potatoes, onion and a savory thick sauce that is both spicy and rich. incredible. Perfect comfort food to stave off frostbitten fingertips and the frozen nose  so characteristic of the windy Philly winters.
Y por fin, Mexican Coffee! No matter what time of year you must try this. Spicy and sweet and full of cinnamon and other unknowns this coffee is sure to delight. No cream needed... that would spoil the goodness. Be sure to ask the lovely lady at the cash register if they're brewing it before you leave. Sometimes they will even boil a pot up specially if you look desperate.
Oh! Almost forgot! This is a BYOB! So bring your brews and relax in this chill, friendly, freakin delicious environment.One of the places my boyfriend and I visited before we left Philly. Taco Riendo is situated in a quiet neighborhood where parking was pretty easy to find. We were there for Sunday lunch and it was quite empty.
We ordered up a storm even though we had 2 cheesesteaks beforehand. The tacos were pretty good and made to order. I had the tongue taco and fish taco, both were just alright. The tongue lacked a bit of flavor and was just boiled, wished it was sauteed so it can bring out some flavor. The fish taco was massive, white meat fish with rice on a taco, really nice texture.
I would actually come here again because the atmosphere is great. It felt like 90+ degrees outside when I was there and it was so refreshing and cool inside which I really appreciate. Also, if you don't finish your drinks, they have styrofoam cups for you to use for "takeout".Nice place, atmosphere and people, HOWEVER not vegetarian friendly, and comes off as expensive AND being CHEAP actually for what you can get as a vegetarian/vegan.My favorite taco spot in northern liberties area for sure!
They have a large menu, delicious food, inexpensive prices! Food is always made quickly, girl at register has always been friendly.
It's a cute small spot, I enjoy sitting outside when the weather allows but the open windows there allow you to enjoy the weather from inside too. And I love the green cactus shaped bike racks outside, clever.
I generally get the burritos and tacos here, I think they're the best in the menu! I've had enchiladas, quesadillas, nachos, and tostadas but I didn't like them as much.
Hmm my favorite burrito is the pork and pineapple.. And my favorite tacos include the shrimp, the fish and the pork..
I will continue to eat here often and recommend it to others!One of the best hidden gems in Philly-- seriously incredible food. Small, cozy, family ran restaurant (Byob) with the best Mexican corn and burritos I've ever had. Although it's  cash only which can get annoying occasionally, the food is extremely consistent and authentic. A must try.on the awning outside "la salsa hace la difference"
it's true!  particularly the salsa verde.  but also, everything is so fresh and that makes a huge difference too.
large portions, small price.
been gradually going through the menu, have yet to get something I didn't like.
would order from this place constantly if they delivered... we were ordering que chula es puebla for a while because they delivered, but once we tried taco riendo we couldn't go back to the disgusting food que chula offers.
the only other place in Philly I've tried that compares to taco riendo is la taqueria veracruzana at washington and 9th.Been going to this place since the week they opened a few years ago. I've had close to half the tacos on the menu & I they are all really good. Aside from their good platters, they also carry great tortas & soups. The food gets an A and so does their service. I've always been happy eating here.Stopped here on Saturday while I was on a bike ride called the tour de taco. 20 miles, 10 taco stops. This was stop 8. I took the strategy of one at each stop which was pretty ambitious. Here I wound up ordering the taco de cachete or steamed beef cheek taco. They had an amazing outdoor space and their selection of traditional Mexican cuisine is fantastic. 
The taco was perfect. Two steamed corn tortillas, filled with exactly the right amount of cooked beef cheek, and then topped with cilantro and onion as only the purest of tacos are. I seasoned it up with a bit of lime juice and the spicy orange salsa which I am pretty sure may have been chile de arbol. It was absolutely perfect. The heat was intense, but it didnt overwhelm the taco at all. This was one of my favorite tacos of the day. Everything about was in perfect proportion. Everything was seasoned right, it was just a really well executed taco. They have a nice selection of jarritos as well, so that always wins points with me. 
Great spot. Definitely worth a return visit when the taco hunger strikes me again...Good Authentic Mexican. Very friendly staff. Almost everything they serve is good. I usually get one of the burritos when I go. I love their flan. I think my favorite thing here is the Hawaiian sandwich. The place is BYOB. Not much more to say. Just go there if your in NoLibs and looking for cheap authentic mexican.They're doing some great stuff here. You get to try all kinds of tacos that you wouldn't ordinarily get to eat because they're pretty much all $2-3. That housemade chorizo made my cheeks sweat.Amazing food! Very fresh and authentic! The pork and pineapple tacos and the tilapia taco is bomb! .... and the enchiladas are delicious!I had a hankering for a taco and a friend suggested that I check this place out.  I ordered the shrimp tacos and a diet coke.  The sodas were hot and in a iceless bucket on the counter...needless to say I had to ask for ice and a cup.  The staff were nice and brought my tacos to me while I lounged in the outdoor seating which was quite nice too.  Unfortunately, I wasn't able to find any shrimp in my shrimp tacos...lots of room temperature tomatoes and rice but no camerones anywhere in sight.  With all of the tacquerias in South Philly, I seriously doubt that I'll venture back here.I live right around the place from this taco joint and I haaad to check it out! Someone recommended it to me and I'm glad they did. 
They have all the Mexican you could want and for an amazingly affordable price- especially for the girl on a serious budget. 
I got the pork and pineapple taco (my fav kind of taco). I loved it! 
Next time I am definitely trying the beef tongue! Or the chicken, avocado and cactus! 
Aaand they have Mexican soda! 
Great experience! All day long I have not been able to stop thinking about those tacos! 
Definitely going back soon!I've been sitting on a review of this place for so long I lost my train of thought, which these days doesn't take as long to do as it used to. Wait, what was I talking about? 
Oh yeah, my new favorite Mexican restaurant!Corner taqueria on the Old Kensington/ NoLibs border, with a large variety of tacos, tortas, and platters for pretty cheap - but, as far as authentic Mexican goes, not the best you can find in Philly. 
I had the Grilled Fish Tacos and the Carne Asada and Nopales (grilled beef and cactus) Tacos, which were served with soft corn tortillas. Both were tasty, but lacking something. The grilled fish itself was good, but the tacos were mostly rice, a little too much filler in my opinion. And the beef in my Carne Asada was a little tough. 
My favorite part of the meal was actually the house-made Flan, which was creamy and a nice cool treat on a warm summer evening.
Taco Riendo's not a bad bet, but it wasn't as flavorful as I have come to expect my Mexican food to be.My friends and I always enjoy going out for a meal at Taco Riendo, be it for breakfast, lunch, or dinner.  There is the reliable menu with its soups, guisados (stews) tamales, tortas, and tacos, plus the occasional specials.  The aquas frescas are always excellent - an addictive horchata and thirst quenching sorrel (hibiscus) are my favorites.  The smoky chipotle-based stands out among the three different salsas and I really enjoy the less common taco fillings, such as cabeza (head), lengua, ojos, and cachete (cheek).  Lately, I always ordered elote - grilled corn on the cob with mayonnaise and sprinkled with grated cotija.  You order at the counter and can watch the cooks prepare each plate to order.  
The taqueria is sunny and comfortable, a little piece of Mexico on North 5th.Food is great but service is horrible , they get angry if you ask for anything I got a nasty look just for asking for a soda and a fork smh , guess it was cause I look Mexican ,If you are looking for a cozy place to get inexpensive Mexican food with friendly and efficient service, you cannot do much better than this!  Taco Riendo is not trying to be trendy or fancy, they are just looking to serve high quality food.  The tacos that I had were delicious (I went for the chorizo and pork) and felt quite satisfied after two of them, which amounted to about $7.00.  I probably could have even gotten away with just eating one, but they are just too good.This is one of my favorite restaurants.
My parents are rather obsessed, so I go with them on occasion. Their food is awesome! I haven't eaten there since I stopped being pescetarian, but they always had food options for me. 
Their corn is the best I've ever had. Everyone should eat it.When I'm in Center City, I often go to Chipotle for a burrito.  And while Chipotle is okay, and a great way to eat vegan, it's clearly missing some Mexican flavor.
Well, Taco Riendo is a Mexican place.  The founders are essentially part of the Las Cazuelas (4th & Girard) dynasty -- that's their son.
There are subtle genuine hints of authenticate Mexican spices in everything you'll eat.  That said, either due to the neighborhood or the pricing, I don't see a lot of (or any) actual Mexicans eating here, but that could be because this is a hipster neighborhood.
I like their "stew" menu items and burritos.  The corn on the cob is a decadent delight.