Amazing New York style bagels, salads and sandwiches.  Adel, Dowa and their daughter Talia are great!! Very generous and welcoming.  Definitely get dessert too!! A great addition to the neighborhood.Delicious food and great service! First time here and they let me try a few things and made me a delicious tuna salad sandwich. I will definitely be back.I would like to start this review by separating 3 things, the bagel itself, the preparation, and the cream cheese. 
The bagel- I got an everything bagel that looked huge and delicious! It was a bit doughy for my taste, and I prefer a bit more toppings of my everything bagels, but overall pretty good. 7/10
The preparation- I asked for my bagel toasted and watched the guy put it in the toaster, so imagine my disappointment when I go to eat it and it's raw. Not even remotely toasted. How did he pull it out of the toaster and cut it and not realize it wasn't hot or crispy? Also, the cream cheese, while there was a lot of it, was globbed in the middle. I would have liked for them to spread it.
The cream cheese- I got jalapeño cream cheese. Now, I spent most of my morning trying to figure out exactly what I didn't like about it because, in theory, it should have been good. They make it themselves and literally just purée jalepenos and mix it with the cream cheese. However, something wasn't right about it. It tasted...off. Well, I figured it out! They leave the skin on! So the actual pepper and the skin have distinctly different flavors. The skin is more earthy of a taste and the insides more sweet. I think that when they purée it, they leave the skin on which gave it an odd flavor. Don't get me wrong, it tasted like a jalapeño, because it was, but it just wasn't very good. 
I'll be back to try other things because, like I said, the bagel itself was good, just undercooked with weird cream cheese. Maybe I'll update my review later with better results...Wonderful customer service! Would recommend this place to anyone staying in Philly :) thank you for your hospitality! The hummus is delicious!!So I ordered from Talia's Grille off of UberEATS and was happy to have found this place. Their bagels are perfect, real New York style bagels.  My only disappointment was the last of filling in the breakfast sandwich, a problem another yelper has pointed out. The bagel just seemed too dominant with every bite. Luckily, the bagel was so impressive that I didn't totally mind its dominance. I will definitely be coming back here but probably for a classic bagel with cream cheese instead.
To Talia's Grille, add some more cheese and make that bagel OOZE.Authentic HOMEMADE Mediterranean food.. I've been searching for falafel, hummus and tahini and found the best! The owners treat you like family! To top it off..I ended up getting the baklava topped with pistachios and tiramisu and it beats all I've had.. bagels are top notch NY style and the many different flavors of cream cheese are to die for! Let's just say they have it all and more.. excellent chefs and bakers !I think I've been here very weekend for the last month since someone told me about Talias.  Bagels are big and fluffy and soft and delicious.  Cream cheese flavors are all good.  I especially like the lox spread.  Plus everytime I am there they are super friendly.My husband and I go to Talia's weekly to stock up on hummus, bagels and cream cheese.  The hummus is light and fresh.  The bagels are huge and there's a variety of flavored cream cheeses to choose from, all of which are decadent.  We've tried many other items from the menu as well.  The salads, falafel, breakfast sandwiches - everything we've had is great.  The whitefish salad bagel sandwich is an awesome alternative to a standard tuna salad.  Every time we stop in the owner Adel is always so friendly and we end up talking for a good bit.  He never lets us leave without a free sample of something delicious and has given our dog a few treats!Great bagels and friendly service. The bagels are HUGE--one bagel is as big as both of my palms. Bagels are fluffy and soft and they definitely don't skimp on the cream cheese. The owners are really nice and interested in how you found out about them (told them Yelp and they proudly showed off their Best of Yelp award). I got sweet bagels/spreads so I'm interested to go back and try something savory.Stellar bagels.  The best in Philadelphia by far, you just don't know about it because it's not run by hipster clowns.  True bagels, they way they should be, simple but fresh and delicious middle-eastern and mediterranean salads and a few basic deserts.
Best whitefish salad in the city.  Really good prices, and the owners are beyond hospitable and eager for people to like their food.  I've never gone there without getting something given to me for free.  Really, one of the great unknown and unassuming places for stellar bagels and middle-eastern style deli offerings.This place is great! The chef/owner is very friendly and has really set up a good quick spot to grab a bite.  The bagels are delicious! Super soft and large.  I really enjoyed the couscous salad and gyro, and I was in and out for ~$7 bucks before leaving a tip!  I will definitely be back to enjoy tasty bagels a few mornings a week.  Stop by today!The owners of Talia's make you feel right at home as if your sitting down for a family meal, offering the best of what they have and making sure you leave happy. As a first time customer they offered me samples of all their delicious fresh salads and saucy wings. You can be sure whatever you get from there will be yummy and made with love.We recently moved to the area and stumbled upon this place when looking for a good bagel sandwich and found this absolute gem! The owners are the friendliest people you could hope to meet and the prices are very reasonable especially compared to other places in the area. Closest to New York bagels I've had outside of New York and I can't wait to try the rest of their menu!Fantastic breakfast sandwiches. Quick service, nice folks running it, amazing NY style bagels. Definitely going back!I needed a quick bite on my way home from work and this place hit the spot. I got the falafel wrap and my boyfriend had one of the paninis. My falafel was delicious and the sandwich was great, too especially for the price. He even gave me a free bagel and a sample of his amazing lentil salad! The bagel was great and I'm excited to have a place so close with good breakfast food. Definitely will be back.I've only ever got bagels here and they are good. The reason for my 3 star review is because they don't abide by their posted hours. They were supposed to open at 7 AM today and it was almost 7:30 and they still weren't open. Obviously when people are trying to get to work in the morning time is everything. I won't bother trying to go here anymore since it may be a waste of my time if they didn't bother to open.The lentil salad is amazing.  Like, I ate it yesterday and woke up craving it today so went back for another pound. The bagels are great and really do (almost) taste like NY bagels. I'm so excited to have a new place with some interesting healthy options at such great non-crazy-northern-liberties-prices! I think I'm going to be here a lot.  You should, too.Hands down one of my favorite places to eat in the city. I live nowhere near Talia's, but I seem to make excuses to be in the area just to get a bacon egg & cheese on everything, or a lox and cream cheese! Awesome wings too!So excited to have a bagel shop so close to home and work!  I had a white fish salad (which is hard to find in NoLibs) on an everything bagel for only 6.99! Bagels are perfect: made fresh daily, crunchy on the outside, soft and bubbly on the inside. 
Already planning to go for breakfast on Monday!Quick service, really good bagels, great spreads. Especially like the olive cream cheese - tried it on a whim, wasn't expecting to be a huge fan, ended up a huge fan. Goes great on a sesame bagel. The cream cheese is piled on - might be too much for some people, but I like it that way. Only (minor) complaint is that it's not always spread evenly, but I just spread it out better myself. I don't get the bagels toasted, because I usually eat them a few hours later, and they taste great untoasted, which I believe is a mark of a good bagel. 
The five stars is for their bagels. I tried one of their dinner items a while ago, and didn't love it. More like 3 stars.Go here. Just do it. You won't regret checking out this hidden gem. The bagels are amazing - fresh, doughy, New York style. The cream cheeses are homemade and absolutely delicious, each with their own little unique twist on cream cheese classics. I can't wait to come back and try the lunch and dinner options. Holy yum.This is my favorite place to get breakfast! The owners are super nice and the bagels are always delicious and fresh.I will walk past many places to come to this spot.
Customer Service - More like brotherly love! It's a family run spot and their daughter Talia is really funny.
Freshness - THE SALADS (cous cous, tabouli, edamame, tuna, egg, etc etc) ARE AMAZING. It's straight up home cooking. Great for when you're having people over and want to cater a bit.
Bagels - Best bagels in the city, hands down.
Overall, an amazing place. They really care. It's a great place to support and you're getting much more than what you're paying for. The quality, flavors, service. Perfect.
You rule, Talia & Family! I'm so impressed.Hands down, This is my favorite bagel breakfast spot in Philadelphia. First off, the owner is very friendly and courteous. He treats you like you're one of the family. Talia's has a good bagel selection at a cheap price. You have to try the Everything bagel with bacon & egg! You will not be disappointed. I'm so glad that this place opened up in the neighborhood. Talia's is open early everyday & serves breakfast all day. You can't go wrong with that! I'll be here every weekend.Very very good salmon with roasted potatoes !!! Great portion size for price. And extremely friendly/kind customer service.Might be the best bagels in Philly! Huge size. Very good price. Really good and soft.Would give this place an 11.  They are super nice and quick also.  Had the nova lox sandwich.  2 days in a row:)Ordered 2 bagel sandwiches and a cheese steak. When they delivered the food they forgot a bagel sandwich and the cheese steak was a piece of steak w cheese on bread... that is not a cheesesteak! The bagel on the other hand was A+Awesome NY bagels (including really good breakfast sandwiches); great side salads; and AMAZING baklava. This cannot be overstated - buttery, light, crispy, but somehow filled with lots of honey and pistachios on top. So, so good. Good other stuff includes flatbread with ricotta, roasted vegetables and arugula. Owners are really nice, too.Best place to go!
Had a great lunch. Even made egg salad to accommodate.  Great family!
Best Bagels, whitefish and tuna, and Greek Salad. Can't wait to go back to try more!!
A must place to go!Am a regular here.. love their bagels (onion bagel w/ jalepeno cream cheese) and the falafel sandwiches, very hard working honest ppl.I love this place!! The bagels have to be the best in the city. My favorite is an everything bagel with veggie cream cheese. The jalapeño cream cheese is also great! The owners are super nice too!Excellent salads bagels and service!  The friendly gentleman working here have us some great samples.  Great spotDecided to stop in for a quick bite after work and so happy I did. The food and service were great. The owner and his family were very sweet and all of their dishes are homemade. I had the falafel sandwich and I'll be back again for a bagel!Good bagels! Very soft Ny style bagels, a lot of cream cheese options and types of bagels. Egg cheese and meat on a bagel, bagels with fish... etc. they also have different Salads and lunch like gyros and schwarmaI believe I've tried every bagel shop within 10 blocks of center city at this point.  On texture, taste and value, Talia's takes the win.  I haven't tried delivery yet but I'm sure I will on a lazy Saturday morning sometime soon.  Walking into the shop the staff has been friendly, the cream cheese clearly homemade and the pride in their work clear as day.  I've tried the everything and the salt bagels and wish they were topped with a little more everything or saltiness on the exterior, but even without this, this is the closest you will get to a good NYC bagel in Philly.  Definitely worth the trip.The people who work here are so friendly! They have a lot of bagel and cream cheese options. The veggie cream cheese is amazing! Highly recommendSo i stumbled on to this place on yelp. The photos alone sold me. One of the owners and chefs suggested the grilled lamb chops with lamb kabobs platter. 
Wow! Was this good. With all the new places popping up in this area, this was a refreshing find away from the crowds. 
These former New York expats also make great bagels as well as a myriad of toppings. I'll be back for more.Went to Talia's with my kids for dinner tonight, and loved the food -- gyros, falafels, spaghetti and bagels -- and also the family-friendly atmosphere. Excellent service and conversation as well!BEST BAGELS EAST OF BROAD ST! I cannot say enough about Talia's. Chicken Salad is on point!Best bagels and best food!! Doaa and her husband Adel are simply beyond amazing! They are one of the most generous and kind people I have met in town!
Great food and phenomenal people. What else do I need?The baklava was really good. We were too late for the bagels.
The staff is super nice and super friendly!Delicious new york bagels! Cant wait to try everything else thats on the menuA it all looked delicious. The chef/owner was very nice- will definitely be back!I'm from Brooklyn, NY and haven't found our level bagels in Philly... I was a frequent eater at a couple bagelries in South Philly but this was just out of the park. 
First off, the owner is extremely pleasant and has an incredibly interesting culinary history. He himself, was a chef in NYC and worked as some prime restaurants. The authenticity of his Greek/Egyptian roots are clearly seen in the food as well. I enjoyed a chicken gyro and it was flawlessly cooked.
So happy I found this gem and will definitely return as long as I am in Philadelphia. 
Bravo!Great place if you want to get your falafel on. I had the chicken  sandwich and it was delicious. They have great desserts and the staff is very friendly recommend this place if you want to get a quick lunch in between meetings for work.Absolutely GIANT and delicious bagels! And the owners are the nicest people! They are very welcoming, friendly, and accommodating. Kept offering me free samples of everything! I stopped in on Sunday and got a half dozen everything bagels and a bacon egg and cheese sandwich on plain bagel. The rye seeds on the everything bagels are such a pleasant surprise :) I will 100% be back as soon as I get through this half dozen!I am a Foodie and believe me when I tell you these bagels are legit !  They have a nice chew to them and the "everything" bagel is coated on both sides! (not just the top like most others)   Whitefish salad is the best I ever had in Philly.  You can tell the owner takes pride in his food.  Thai wings are very good also.  If you go, buy an extra half dozen bagels to go and freeze them !!Amazing, so happy I can finally get a quality bagel in this area. The owner is from Queens so you know the bagels are legit! Salmon is great to, friendly ppl and open early.Love this place! The bagels are awesome, I always get one of their paninis on a bagel and they are always delicious. The autumn panini is my new favorite. The owner is so very friendly, it's always a great experience. Definitely check this place out!Nice, understated restaurant with good lunch but GREAT bagels. Their bagels were incredible, varied, and fresh. There was an overwhelming number of shmear options as well, which comes together to make a highly  memorable bagel experience.
Highly recommend going in for a bagel and coffee. It's well worth your time.This place is amazing! We got an everything bagel with the jalapeño cream cheese, and a marble rye with the horseradish cream cheese. Both were so flavorful, one of the best marble rye bagels I've ever had. The owner was so amazing and friendly, and let us try as many spreads as we wanted. The whitefish salad was the best I've ever tasted. Overall, the experience was awesome, and I will definitely be coming back!Awesome little bagels & more spot. The owner(s) are very nice and welcoming and always want to give you tastes of everything, which brings back lovely memories of going to my grandparents' house and them always wanting to feed us which was their sign of love (aw how sweet & sappy.) 
All of their salads are very tasty and fresh. I'm not a big cream cheese person but the blueberry cream cheese is amazing! Also, Philly bagel lovers, give the NY style bagel a try. It's nice to not get a jaw cramp trying to chew a bagel 
Everything is priced very reasonably, too! Can't wait to try more items here.Great place for breakfast and specialty sandwiches- I came into the shop after getting my dog groomed at Spot's Spot...warm welcome and I had two meals 
1. Chicken Gyro - very good 
2. Bacon Egg and Cheese - very good 
Family owned and operated - nice Job TaliaI stopped at Talia's one night to get bagels for a friend who lives down south that I was visiting. The owner talked me into buying three dozen for him to freeze. They loved the bagels and are still enjoying them today. I stopped back this morning for the most delicious breakfast sandwich on an everything bagel and was treated to pleasant conversation with the owners as a bonus! They are ridiculously sweet and friendly. I'll definitely be back!Excellent small spot I stopped in at random. Reasonably priced and a great deal considering the outstanding quality of the food an service. The owner is great, and the Tiramisu is to die for.Amazing bagels and more importantly Bacon Egg and Cheeses for a good price! Plus the owner is an awesome dude!I have been to the best Mediterranean restaurants in the city with my favorite being Zahav and I must say this place is fantastic!!...Outstanding customer service, great staff, friendly service....the owner let me sample some salads and they were all great and fresh!!!...I feel that New York style bagels are a step above the rest and they have great ones!!!...I also had the falafel and there are places in this city that have bad ones but not here....their falafel is great and goes very well in the pita bread with the Tzaziki sauce and vegetables....I shall returnReally great bagels. Cold sides are all good. Really nice family runs business. Will be visiting regularly .Wow. This place is amazing. They have some of the best bagels I've come across in Philly. It's only $10 a dozen which is a relief from the other place located in Fishtown. The bagels are nice, large and 100% Avi approved. I've also tried their wings and shwarma. I prefer my shwarma to be shaved chicken, not done on the grille, but it was good. I'm a shwarma lover and spent a lot of time in the middle east, so I'm also kinda picky. I also suggest the wings here. Haven't tried the rest.Best bagels in philly!!
I have been searching for the last five years for good bagels in philly and have came up short every time. But low and behold after a recommendation from a friend who moved here a couple months ago. He told me about "the bagel spot" , every one needs to try them out!Perfect bagel! There are varies bagels and cream cheese flavors to pick from and service was very fast. Owner was friendly with an interesting life that he's proud to discuss.This place is awesome! The owner was extremely kind, he made an effort to ask and remember my name as well as my friends and our roommate who stopped by earlier and bought a gyro (which was great btw). He let me sample the edamame salad which I'll definitely be back to get more of. The prices are absolutely reasonable. I'd definitely recommend this place for quick service, delicious food, a wide variety, and great prices!Great salad, friendly owner, and awesome bagel. This is a great place for quick eat or to grab some extra side dishes to go for supplementing your dinner or something. Will definitely be back to try their other sandwiches and wraps.The BEST bagels , whitefish, tuna and egg salad. We had an amazing lunch. Neighborhood place that wanted nothing more than for us to be happy. A must try.The food was amazing! 
Also, guys, Adel, the owner and chef was cooking for Pr. Nixon and Pr.Dwight D. Eisenhower! 
I enjoyed food a lot! Recommend!Have been here three or four times already, everything was excellent. The owner even brought samples out to my dog :-). I have had the whitefish salad, the lentil salad, the orzo salad, and the Tabouli salad might be the best I've ever had. The bagels are great, definitely check this place out, you will find an owner who is going the extra mile for his customers.This place is wonderful! Not only is the food delicious, the owners are so kind and generous! Their bagels are the best I've had anywhere in Pennsylvania, and I could eat their falafel sandwiches and hummus every day.Best bagels in Philly. May be better than anything I've had in New York City. (Yes, that's a strong statement)
Small mom/pop shop. Very nice and courteous customer service. Nothing fancy, straightforward delicious bagels. Def a must go.Talia's is my new favorite place in the neighborhood ..... Right across the street from me ..... I have fresh bagels .... Tons of assorted cream cheeses ..... Fresh made salad ..... My personal favorites are the pepper slaw and the lentil salad .... Angel hair salad is also terrific ....the owner and workers ... Are amazing ... Friendly and accommodating.... My new go to for take out lunch and dinner ......extensive menu ...... The bagels are the best .......Some of the best New York style bagels you can get in Philly. Owner and his wife were incredibly welcoming and will just about give you a full tasting of everything on the menu. White fish salad was bomb, and their homemade cream cheeses were very flavorful and rich. They give huge portions and include pickle and chips along with bagel purchase. Can't wait to return for dinner, they put a lot of pride and effort in their food and the quality shows.The owners are always very accommodating and friendly. The bagels are the best I've had outside of NYC and you can't beat the prices. Their jalapeño cream cheese is amazing!Talia's is amazing! Ordered the chicken breast which came with rice and it was very large and only $8. It could have easily fed two. The owner is so friendly and generous and treats everyone that walks in like a friend he's known for years! The bagels are fresh and so good! This will definitely be my go-to spot for breakfast and dinner!Hand rolled nyc style bagels. Freshly made salads were so delicious the edamame, whitefish, tuna salad, tabouleh! Adel and his wife made us feel like we were having lunch with family. Must return for dinner!
Veggie cream cheese/scallion cream cheese were my favorites of the spreads. Each was very rich and decadent. The whitefish and tuna were authentic and fresh. Edamame salad suprisingly tangy. Reminds me of my moms home made salads - Thank you!!!Stopped in this morning for bagels and some whitefish salad. The bagels are terrific probably the best I've had here in philadelphia. Adel the owner explained that they are light because they are hand rolled.  Will definitely be back. Whitefish salad is very tasty and fresh.Bagels are the real deal. It's a pretty simple menu but the bagels are made the way they should be. Big, soft and full of flavor. When I was ordering, the guy helping me told me not to toast it because it's so fresh, and he was spot on! I got an everything bagel with cream cheese and lox, Letitia tomato and onion and it was perfection.  I will never again waste my time waiting in line at that silly hipster place, philly style bagel, for a bagel that is a quarter of the size that it should be (and twice as expensive). Talia's is my new go to! I wish they would open one in Center city!Hidden gem of the city. Everything is amazing... I took home a dozen bagels and some cream cheese, some of the autumn chicken salad (my FAVORITE) and angel hair pasta (AMAZING). Everything is freshly prepared and full of flavor. Customer service is amazing too. Owner, Adel, is very personable, former professional cook in NYC, and totally proud of his shop. Will always return to Talia's Grille and will always recommend this shop to others. Can't wait to go back and try a bagel sandwich!!Hands down the best bagel I've had. The bagel was toasted perfectly, and the homemade cream cheese with lox was delicious. The owner was is a very hospitable man, and was ready to answer any and every question my friends and I had. Will definitely be back.Hands down THE best bagels I've had in Philly. I'm originally from NJ so I'm spoiled with good bagels. The owner used to be a chef in North Jersey and makes his bagels NY style. Soooo he definitely knows his stuff! The staff members were extremely nice. Also got to meet Talia, the adorable little girl the place was named after :) I got the blueberry bagel and my boyfriend got an everything bagel. Both were delicious!!This place is great! - that perfect blend of cheap and good.  Fresh food, well-prepared, plenty of options.  Chicken shawerma sandwich was amazing!Best bagels in town. Better than Philly Style Bagel. The autumn chicken salad is delicious. Been here a number of times and service is always great.