After spending the day walking around the neighborhood and enjoying this beautiful thus far start to Summer in Marconi, myself and my fiance decided to grab some food towards the end of our outing. 
While they weren't absolutely mind-blowing, they're aces in my book. We split a Diablo (roasted red peppers, fried long hots, & sharp provolone) chicken cutlet sandwich, cheese fries, and a soda. Came to about $16.  Portion sizes and quality were well worth it. We both defintiely got our fill. That sandwich was extra-slammin stil , though...
Will order in some night and eventually also return.We bought a yelp deal for Talk of the Town. When I ordered my food the person was not aware of the yelp deal, however was able to work it out with her manager. The Philly cheesesteak was fine, nothing to get excited about. The sauce seemed very tomato based and couldn't taste cheese at all. If I could give a 2.5 that's what I would have given as the place is just average.We waited two hours for some French fries, they forgot the portion of our order and the food (specifically the chicken wings) were seriously so slimy cold and disgusting. Never ever again. Ever.It's such a basic place here so I'll make my review basic. 
This was not my first time here, but it had been several years. They make a pretty decent sandwich. I think they're a little expensive compared to competition for what you get. I have found that the steak and egg sandwich at 6 bucks is a great bargain. The fries are decent but not special. 
They are getting only three stars because I think they're a bit too much money, and it's basically a dump of a place. Almost no character here. 
But their sandwiches are worthy for South Philly.I've been riding past this place for the last 40 years since Veterans Stadium first opened, but for some reason never stopped until this week. About an hour before a Phillies night game, it wasn't busy at all, and we were in and out within 10 minutes with delicious cheesesteaks. 
They were served on excellent Italian rolls and contained more meat than their more famous counterparts, Pat's, Geno's, and Tony Luke's. 
I had mine the traditional South Philly way with cheese wiz and fried onions. Really good!
Be forewarned, parking is at a premium, but there is room at the edge of the neighboring gas station lot where people seem to be able to park without any issues. 
It definitely won't be another 40 years before my next visit.Yesterday I would have given them five stars. Went there today and saw a sign that read "due to higher meat prices we now chop our steak" just like every other lousy steak shop. The taste difference between their previous sliced steak and the chopped stuff is enormous. Next time I go, I'll tell them I'll pay a dollar more if they don't chop the meat. If no, out the door I go to Philips at 23d & Passyunk in South Philly. Not as good as ToTT was but they don't chop their steak.Very friendly and courteous folks... Just landed from Texas and had to make a quick stop to try the cheesesteaks! Can't wait to try them!!Great sandwiches! Picked up a few sandwiches on the way to tailgate for an Eagles game. Called ahead and the woman who took the order was very nice, it was one of the easiest takeout orders ever placed. By the time we got there the sandwiches were ready and still warm.
When we got to the parking lot and opened up the bag we were amazed by the massive quantity of food we just bought. I got the eggplant delight and it was delish! I couldn't eat it all even thought I gave it a very valiant effort! My finance loved his chicken cordon bleu cutlet sandwich. 
We'll definitely start coming here on the way to Phillies and Eagle games.Tucked away under 76, this is the best place close to the stadiums for cheesesteaks. I've come here multiple times before and after games. It's not a place to go for the ambience and parking can be a pain depending on what's going on or time of day. 
I won't say it's the best cheesesteak (title goes to John's Roast Pork), but it's the best "wiz wit" in the city. It's a good portion of everything on a medium sized roll and they cook to order. Fries are average, nothing special, but who gets cheesesteaks with out the cheese fries?Quaint little cheese steak place. Staff is very friendly and definitely worth revisiting!3 stars bc i was craving old bay fries but since i was doing Uber,had to move more quickly....anyways fries were just...ok....But there were so many gnats & flies i was disgusted & merely turned off. like...While on my search for the best Philly Cheesesteak on our way back home to Chi-town, we run into this place.  I really enjoyed my cheesesteak (cheese/sweet&hot peppers ONLY for me please).  My second time to this place, the service is fast, and the steaks are good - nuff said.I've always wanted to check this place out.  After having steaks all over Philly, it was time. Man, I'm glad I did.  Rolls were really fresh, steak was cooked well.  Staff was super friendly.   I consider this a grab/go place. Not a ton of room to sit and eat there.  Prices were reasonable.  Only reason I didn't give it 5 stars was, parking is tough. Luckily for me there was a spot open in the gas station.Fries were great.  Steak and cheese was good.   Shithole dining but great food.  15*15 foot dining area under a highway.  Looks sketchy but hey, it's a good sandwhichThis place is not as good as it used to be. And I'm not sure what happened. It was never my favorite cheesesteak place in Philly, but I did like it a lot. Especially when the lines to the other places are wrapped around the buildings. They are all really good, so I generally just go to the least crowded one. But this time? We all agreed it just wasn't good at all. It just did not taste good like it used to. And we'd never bother going back.Stopped by because it was not in the downtown area which is atrocious to find parking in. We also wanted to taste philly and this seemed like a good place to start. We ordered a regular cheesesteak with whiz, two cheeseburgers, 2 fries, 2 drinks and an order of fried pickles for $34 and some change. It was all pretty good but the pickles were way over fried. Good place to get your grease on!My buddy arranged a stop in before the Phillies game on Sat. Ordered 6 different sandwiches all with deviations from the standard and they got them all right on the money. Had a cheese steak hoagie which was great. Others had chicken pizza steak, italian etc and no one was unhappy! Good onion rings as well. A must for pregame tailgate party!This was  by far the worse experience I had in the city of Philadelphia in my life,and I been visiting the city since 2012.  On December  2, 2017, I took a young lady to the city for her first time, and even though she had a great time, when it came time to eat at this eatery it took a turn for the worse. When we arrived  the place was very unclean, and the customer service was less then satisfactory. The worse though was when we ordered the food which was two cheesesteaks fries and two drinks,we were given soda that tasted like it was starting to get flat,and a cheese steak that tasted worse than chopmeat that is used at food pantrys ( in which I had to pay $32.00 for this garbage)the only thing that tasted half way decent were the fries. I was very embarrassed  talking  this woman to experience  her first Philadelphia cheese steak  at this dumb. Thanks for making me look like an ass. I will be sure to never visit again.!Solid hoagies on Sarcone's bread.  I had an eggplant hoagie that was really, really good.  Just the right amount of breading, with roasted red peppers.  It hit the spot.  I also had the turkey hoagie which was decent, had a little kick to it, as well.  The buffalo wings were also solid.  I will definitely being hitting up Talk of the Town in the near future on the way to the Eagles' game.Great if you want a quick something before the game to save the money, or even after the game. Delivery is great because its FREE!!!! And you never know which Sports Star you going to see while in there, truly gets the "Eat where the pros eat" slogan.Really?? Just not a good cheese steak.  I mean it was ok, but nothing special.  Lacking meat and flavor.  After adding some salt it was better.  $10.50 for a cheesesteak and a coke? I wouldn't go out of my way for this model of mediocrity.Cheesesteaks are the thing to order here...  I made the mistake and ordered a burger and was drooling over my son's cheesesteak ....burger was good tooBeat chicken cutlets ever and fast delivery. Always ask if they have the seeded bread before ordering it makes the sandwich.This place has awesome food! The staff are very friendly and are very welcoming! I will definitely be coming back!had a real philly cheesesteak near the lincoln financial field on a saturday for early dinner.
the cheesesteak was thick on a hoagie roll and they made it fresh, it was quite good and filling.  I did opt for an extra burger, but that wasnt as tasty as the  cheesesteak.  you can sit outside and watch the traffic on a hot summer day.  it is a popular place and there is a constant line, but the service is fast...Whenever i get tix to a game i almost always stop here.  This past Sunday i had a Chicken Cutlet Hoagie and Fries.  Took it over to the stadium parking lot to eat before the game.  It was really good. The rolls are very tasty and fresh.  The fries were decent.  They use Boardwalk Fries here.  I have had hoagies from here also and have always been happy.  They have a big selection of sandwiches here, many of which i have not tried yet as i am not an adventurer when it comes to sandwiches.  They also have many sides/appetizers.  Overall, a very soild place.In my opinion it's pretty impossible to mess up a cheesesteak in Philadelphia.  A great option, easily accessible from the highway or local neighborhoods. 
Staff was extremely friendly, not a long wait (during lunch hour) and sandwiches were on point. 
It was my first time there and I'll definitely be back.Wife & I split the Italiano Steak & the Vegetable Chicken steak. She got O- Rings, I got Fries. We decided to splurge & each get a malted shake.  Sandwichs were good, just the right amount of ingredients, they did inform us they ran out of the Sarcone's bread (good sign they use good bread/rolls for sandwich) Bread they used was still good, more of an amarosso style. Fries were okay, only complaint was for what they charged for O-rings, they could've given out a little more (about 6-7 rings about the size of a 1/2 dollar coin). Shakes were good.Eat in area is filthy. 20 minute wait for 2 steaks. One person doing all the cooking and wrapping. Btw sandwich was pretty good. Need more people working the grill and less people chit-chatting behind the scenes.The sandwiches are good, but too much work for 1 man to pull off. ordered fries which weren't provided.Just as well because these fries REALLY suckGreat bbq chicken cheesesteak! Ive been stopping here during football season with my dad for close to 15 years.My boyfriend and I stopped in Talk of the Town after a rainy Phillies game for some grub.  He claimed that they're way, way better than Tony Luke's (or usual go-to stop for late night foodies), so I was interested to check it out.
He ordered the chicken cutlet hoagie with long hots; I went with the pork italiano.  We rushed home and started devouring the sandwiches.  The chicken cutlet hoagie was absolutely delicious!  Mark this down - I actually agree with my boyfriend that this particular sandwich was much better than the greasy mess with a side of regret that he usually gets at Tony Luke's.  Unfortunately, the pork italiano just didn't do anything for me.  The pork was on the dry side, the broccoli rabe was bland - it just didn't compare.
I gave Talk of the Town three stars because of the chicken cutlet hoagie (I want one right now) and the really nice guy that checked us out.  I would come back in the future to check out the cheesesteaks!I was pleasantly surprised how good their cheese steak was. The roll was excellent, the meat was tender and tasted great and they use plenty of cheese. This is a tasty sandwich. My only issue ... no napkins.*Adding an extra star because I quickly received an apology and an offer to make amends via Yelp. At least an effort was made.* 
The food took so long to come out that I was shocked to learn my fried pickles were room temperature.  The wait should have meant fresh food, not food sitting around getting cold. It tasted fine, but I can get hot food served up more quickly all over town, of equal or better quality.  It was especially annoying, since there was only one order ahead of ours.delivery was quick..had a issue, owner called and rectified the issue...great customer service! will order again!Love getting milkshakes here late night , around 11 before they close !! Foods good !  Big menu big variety !! Always on point with the milkshakes ! Love the place for that !!I thought the cheese steak was OK. I think Pat's or Tony Luke's are better. They had all kinds of other sandwiches and hoagies that I am sure were probably good. I'd go again and try something other than the cheese steak.Stopped in for the first time Saturday, July 5th after taking in a performance by Colin Quinn. Small place, not much as far as character goes but sometimes less is more. Grabbed a cheesesteak hoagie with all the fixings and a root beer, $11 and 4 minutes later i was called to the window and handed my sandwich. Upon opening i immediately noticed they don't go cheap on the steak and they evenly distribute the cheese, tomato, and onion so that upon first (and last ) bite you taste some of everything which unfortunately isnt as common anymore on a good sandwich. My buddy also enjoyed his wiz without, overall it was a successful grub session, if I'm heading to the ballpark or just in the area (and have time) I'd gladly give Talk of the Town my business again.In a Nation of Wusses, it is good that there is a place like Talk of the Town.  I was driving through Philadelphia at 10pm on a Sunday night in search of a cheesesteak.  The better known nearby Tony Luke's was closed but Talk of the Town was open till midnight to satisfy my hunger.  They have a very large selection of sandwiches or if I may, hoagies, available made to order and they cooked mine in a timely fashion.  Everything was pretty fresh and the cheesesteak was yummy without being huge; I might have wanted more if I was hungrier or I could have opted for a side like fries too.  This place came across as a little more off the run than others you hear about which in my book counts as more of a locals joint.  Unless there is a game about to take place in South Philly, I think this would be an ideal restaurant to grab food quickly on the fly.A great steak, from what I hear used to be called "Steakout" along time ago, Talk of the Town get's it right.  I kinda think this TOTT is underrated by some others around the area, but got high marks from that Radio guy who did his top 50 or so places...This place was around number 4 I think..., but if you want wiz with", chicken, anything else you can think of....this place gets it done...
The steak that I get comes sliced a little thicker than say your average shredded style "Jims" if you will...Good stuff...highly recommended....right near the stadiums off Broad...Fast, greasy, delicious. We needed something fast by the stadium before a show and this fit the bill perfectly. I judge a place by how well I can cut the meal in half for lunch the next day, an I could easily get 3 meals out of a sandwich here. Delicious!I have  been passing this joint on Broad for years as anyone who goes to a sports game or FDR park would and was always curious.  recently i went to give it a try.
id love to know what the food was like however since my wallet contained only a $1 bill and two credit cards, i was not allowed to purchase anything.  this despite the Visa/Mastercard sign on the door.  Inside a $15 min sign was posted, and even though only one other customer was in there and my cheesesteak + milkshake order was $13.75, i was turned away rather rudely.  you pass on 8$ of profit (maybe more) in order to not incur 20 cents on your processing, makes a lot of business sense... not
wont "try" againGood food.  Have had somewhat better but not bad by any means.  Disappointed by the fact that they would only accept a credit card if I spent $10 so it forced me to buy frys and a drink (who carries cash these days?).  I would eat it again (bring cash).This place serves garbage .i ordered a grilled chicken sandwich and they deep fried it ,when i said something they gave me an attitude and said thats how they cook their grilled chicken.Sorry idiots but grilled chicken is cooked on a GRILL!!!!!!!!I go here not for a milkshake this time I get cheesesteak whiz wit-out they chopped up a steak em what happen to this joint !
After that I didn't even get the milkshake .. Strictly milkshakes now !!!!!!!Great chicken cutlet Italian sandwich.
Beat chicken cutlets ever and fast delivery. Always ask if they have the seeded bread before ordering it makes the sandwich.Decent cheesesteak. Prob won't go here again but if you consider yourself a Philly cheesesteak critic you have to check this place out. It's conveniently located near the sports stadiums.One of the best hoagies I've ever had. Hands down.  Packed w fresh lunch meat, I got an Italian and my fiancée got a smoked turkey that had roasted peppers and delicious cheese.  Bread was awesome too! Didn't get to try a cheesesteak but would definitely go back for another hoagie next time we are in south Philly or on the way to the airport.i got a late night delivery from TOTT and i was so disappointed. i got two cheese steaks, mozz sticks and cheese fries. fries were soggy, sticks were cold and the steak was dry. i was so sad.Roll - 7.5 out of 10 - Good Roll
Steak - 8.0 out of 10 - Diced steak but still decent sizes of steak 
Cheese to Steak Ratio (I know that sounds weird but I hate a steak that has way to much cheese or not enough). 4 to 1 -Close but not enough.
I stopped by this place before a Phils game and I must say  I am a fan. I would stop by this place over any in the South Philly Stadium areaI don't think any one is actually talking about this place. 2nd star was for friendly service.I used to go to Philips steak on Fridays after work but I decided to try talk of the town as my son tried it and it was good just a little slow they work the grill man very much answer the phone and cooking but the steaks are tender and juicyI can't even begin to explain how happy I am that I found this place on grubhub.  I was having a fierce cheese steak craving but was not willing to walk all the way out to Geno's to quench it.  Talk of the Town Cheesesteaks saved the day.  I ordered a cheese steak with whiz and onions as part of the cheesesteak and small house salad deal ($8.49 on the paper menu - pretty cheap compared to cash only Geno's!) on grubhub.  I got it before the estimated delivery time and took one bite and I was sold.  
The bread was fresh, soft and chewy; the meat sliced (like I like it but the menu says that they do offer chopped meat if you request it) and tender (not tough as sliced steaks can sometimes be); the whiz was cheezy and there was just enough of it; and the onions were perfect little flavor crystals interspersed with the meat and cheese.  
I was so pleased that I immediately had to write a review.  The only reason that I didn't give it 5 stars was that I haven't been to the restaurant and couldn't in good conscience give that many stars for a place I haven't physically been.  For an online order, though, it's 5 stars, easily.Came to Philly for the convention. Monday night during the thunderstorm, so many people were taking shelter in the shop and ordering food. My friend and I were so hungry, haven't eaten all day since our 5am flight out. Perfect. Philly cheesesteak time! They were all gracious enough to let everyone come inside. Very friendly. 
But, they ran out of bread!! Being that close to the convention, with thousands of people, I'm surprised they hadn't planned ahead. Or maybe they did, increased their orders but just not enough. It would also be a shame if food was wasted because they over anticipated how many people would come.
They did announce that they were waiting on a bread delivery, I don't know how long that took, we left in search of food. 
The next day we stopped back again and ordered a sandwich, fries and water to split in the park. I thought the sandwich was delicious, fries are fries. Again everyone was friendly. 
One more thing, which didn't influence my 4 star review, I didn't see a recycling can for plastic bottles. Everything went in the same trash. 
Overall, I liked the food. And the staff was nice.  They do have parking also, which if you're driving in the city is a plus.The fries were good, cheesesteak tastes like it was boiled in water.  Flavorless.   Will not go back here again.   Totally disappointed.Best cheese steaks around hands down! Amazing prices and very nice workers! All around great experience every time!Good, but not great cheese steak and onion rings. Sandwich a bit small and not a lot of meat. All in all, not bad, just not great.I've been here a few times after spotting the name on a few "best cheesesteaks" lists around town. In fact, this might have been the first place where I asked for fried onions on my sandwich a few years ago, and never looked back.
It's a solid drive from my house, a half hour on a quick day, and somehow I've never managed to line up my visits here with a Phils game or Dead show a few blocks away at the sports complex. But every time I'm here, I leave with a killer cheesesteak, with perfectly distributed molten cheese and slices of juicy steak in a roll that just won't quit. Not once have I made it home before savagely wolfing my sandwich, struggling to maneuver my way along Kelly Drive as bits of onion tumble onto the floor of my car.
This is one of the best cheesesteaks in the city, laying the neighboring stadium food to waste.first of all let me say im very mad about my delivery tonight i ordered food and took and hour and a half to come only ordered one sandwich pathetic and i only live localThis place is awful. Waited 25 minutes for food and the order wasn't even correct. Meanwhile 5 employees were standing around doing nothing.Hey Philly, what's up? Not much, just cheese steaks. Meh, they are okay here but the customer service was so bad that I wouldnt consider going back. They also wouldn't let me get a cup of water. Bottle or nothing. Who does that?!?Talk of the Town is a great place to get a cheesesteak or hoagie. The roll is great, the service is pretty friendly, and from what I gathered, there is not a whole lot pre made. (as much as I like Pats and Ginos....you don't have to rush your order to the same extent as those places).
The steak is seasoned here....you can taste it is hit with some spices (not overbearing...maybe just some salt and pepper)...but these steaks seem to have more flavor than some of the others I've gone to.
Try the OUT OF TOWNER.....great for the person who doesn't get to Philly and wants to try something authentic. It's steak with wiz, onion pepper, and mushroom (some from philly woud say that Prov is a real deal for Philly....but wiz is a bit more novel and popular here too).
As opposed to other cheesesteak places...you can actually call ahead too....which is an option as there is basically ZERO parking here. 
It's proximity to the stadiums make this popular at 10 am on Sundays for Eagles games....but if you are going to eat one while hitting one of the sports events......it's about as close (maybe even closer) as Tony Luke's and the service a bit faster. 
I don't think you'll be unhappy! Enjoy!This is a great local place. The cheeseburgers and chicken tenders are my favorites. The French fries are meh, but overall, very good food for a very good price.I've been hearing about this place called talk of town. We you get  good service and  great food so I decided to order from them while I was visiting a family member not only was the food great my order was correct. . They also have great customer skills which is a plus for me. So I didn't mind the food was on the pricey side and besides that you're paying for quality and service ..
And we also had a great experience with the lady that delivered the order I believe her name was Debbie she was very  polite and had a sense of humor..I  would  definitely  order  from  this  place again . Thanks for the great experience and great food.Just found this place the other day by accident. They make a great chicken cutlet sandwich. They also have a choice of getting a soft roll or seeded roll.
Seeded roll all the way. Parking stinks and the chairs are very uncomfortable.I got the cheesesteak.  It was tasty but small.  Plus, it was hard to find parking, no bathroom and they weren't very welcoming.  They did have a TV for customers.  inside outs maybe the thing to order.  little bit of crowd at 3 pm.Their chicken salad is amazing. I literally had a dream about it-- that's how delicious it was. Will be going back to try other things, but will definitely get a vat of this chicken salad the next time I need catering!!Philadelphia has the craziest ****ing street parking I have ever seen!  There were about 4 other places my sisters and I read up on that have "the best cheesesteaks in the city" that we wanted to try.  We couldn't find a single space near a mile radius of these places -it was ****ing crazy!
Anywho, my dad's patience was growing thin after 15 minutes of driving around so a quick cheesesteak search on Yelp out of the immediate downtown area led us to Talk.  
I didn't realize it shared the lot with a gas station with unmarked areas for parking, so we were yet again faced with the dilemma of trying to find a parking spot.  I ran inside and asked the woman at the counter where we could park.  She said we would be just fine next to the car parked partly on the sidewalk.  Well, hallelujah!
The restaurant looks like it can hold about 20 people comfortably.  It's a little run down lookin', but here's something that's neat.  They have a wall with little writings on it that say which celebrities have stopped by or ordered from them.
Three of us ordered a cheesesteak wit and one with provolone.  I'm not a huge fan of cheese whiz, but it works on cheesesteak.  The sandwich was pretty good.  More expensive than I would've guessed, but it was worth it to say, why yes, I have had a cheesesteak in Philly.  And to be fair, the sandwiches were pretty big.
I have no idea how to compare this cheesesteak other than to what I've had here in Houston.  So, comparing to places like Philadelphia Cheesesteak Co. (what, there's a Papa Geno's here, too?  Alright!) it was a little different, but just ok for me.  Eh, I'll give 'em some credit, it was a bit better than others I've had.Stopped by and ordered a plain Cheese Steak, didn't really know what to expect. Cheese steak was pretty good.  Really a no thrills cheesesteak place, where you stop by to get a quick bite.#1 spot to go best steaks around!  Great experience every time. Home made cutlets and their Italian hoagies are out of this world.On YELP...2 stars means "Meh...I've experienced better". That's my feelings about Talk of the Town cheesesteaks. Nothing special about it. The steak was barely average and underseasoned. The bread was average. The lady behind the window was no customer service whiz...not rude...just impassive. Just nothing here to make me want to return.First let me say that with ANY restaurant I visit, CLEANLINESS is PARAMOUNT.
This place did not display that in the kitchen.  The cook (not a chef- for cheesesteaks? NOT) was handling the raw meat with his bare HANDS then handling the buns to put the COOKED meat in!  Not sanitary and not cool!
My wif wanted nothing to do with the place after that.  She told the order taker and she semmed to cop an attitude about it.  Anyway, I decide to take a chance because I was hungry and we were about to leave Philly.'
The steak was "ok" in flavor.  It was not the chopped up type, just slices of rib-eye.  The bun was kinda tough and chewy.  Maybe that's how most Philly folks like it I guess.  The "Boardwalk" Fries  were old tasting -- not fresh.  The service was average.  For the prices they charge, lack of cleanliness, fresheness and service, it was not worth it.  We won't be back.This place really appreciates their customers. They try to keep everyone happy and full. Easy to get to right off the highway. A great location if you are heading to the stadiums. The menu has a wide variety of sandwiches and sides so don't feel locked into just a cheesesteak, but when in Philly it is worth it. Pricing is fair for the amount of meat on the roll.I had passed this place on the way to the sports stadiums a million times before, but it was never convenient to stop at.  Well luckily my boyfriend and I drove by after doing some holiday sightseeing in the area and decided to make an impromptu cheesesteak stop. 
It's a small place, but they do have seating inside which is nice when you compare it to Pats or Genos.  I am a fan of Jim's steaks over any other in the city, so when I saw that the meat on the roll was folded rather than chopped I was a little skeptical.  But it was really good! We had hit happy hour earlier in the night so we decided to split the cheesesteak, so we ordered it with wiz and with the fried onions on the side.  We also ordered their fried pickles with a side of their signature TOT sauce, they were really good-super crispy and the sauce was flavorful. 
Their menu is extensive and I've heard that their other items are good as well, so I definitely want to come back and order a few different things!Talk of The Town definitely has good food! 
Their crinkle fries are my favorite!! The employees are always nice and very friendly which is also a plus! 
They definitely deserve the 5 stars!I ordered an eggplant hoagie and asked if it was crispy.  I received a slimy eggplant on a hoagie roll...for $8?? I took it back to add pickles,peppers and onions and they added a dollar??? If I was not starving I would have trashed it...I'll never go here again.Cheesesteak spot very close to the stadiums. It's a common fave among Philly pro athletes (Donovan McNabb was an especially big fan) and consequently has gained it's place among the citys most well-known steak shops.
The steaks deserved the hype they receive. My dad and I split one wiz wit and one prov wit; both were tasty, and we'd recommend either to a first timer at Talk. The meat is tender and cut in bigger strips a la Genos. The rolls are fresh and chewy (not Ambrosios, but comparable).
The atmosphere inside is an homage to Philly sports: lots of pictures of the owner and his son with Philly stars (worth a look for humors sake, because they deadpan in most of the shots) as well as memorabilia and autographs from Mike Schmidt and others.
There's usually enough room to sit and eat inside, though you can also carry your steak into the game if you like.
Talk of the Town is a solid, authentic cheesesteak shop. Worth a try on your way to the game.Why no one seems to know this place is beyond me. Could it be because it's tucked away underneath the Schuylkill Expressway? Hmm, could be!
Anyway, some of the best Philly sandwich experiences you may ever find are waiting for you here from chicken cutlets to hoagies, to cheesesteaks and all sots of mutations.
If you want to have fun order a Chicken Italiano and take it into a Flyers game to eat and wait for everyone in your section to get a waft and start trying to find where the aroma is coming from.I was told this place has good steaks. Ordered it and was disgusted. It was bland and it wasn't enough meat for $9.25. Never againEh...that's how i feel when i write this review and eh is how i feel about this place.   If your heading on broad street towards the stadiums then you can't miss this place on the right hand side of the street.   It's a shack and it has cheese steaks and other things BUT they just don't seem to do things well....in a city of many fine sandwiches and many fine foods....why settle for mediocrityThese guys are really good at what they do.  Doesn't look like much, not any huge marketing going on like Tony Lukes or Pats and Genos, they stick to what's important, the food.  Had a couple different sandwiches there including a cheesesteak, italian and a chicken cutlet.  All three were excellent!  The seeded roll was outstanding, but their regular rolls for cheesesteaks are also good.  The D'Ambrosia family knows what they're doing with their food, only thing keeping them from competing with the big boys is their marketing, they've got an outstanding product.  Keep up the good work, I'll be back for sure!