One of the best places I've dined in a long time. Even during the lunch rush hour on a Wednesday, staff remained fast, friendly, and the place never got overwhelmingly full. The communal tables weren't that bad, even though you can hear couples fighting across the way from you. One other patron judged us for indulging in an AWESOME cheese board, mini shepherd's pie, large latte, and lavender polenta cake at 11:30 a.m with a "that's a lot of food." Only bad part. Also, screw you man (jealous I think). 
The server (man with Newsies hat and forearm tattoo) was so nice and explained every cheese curated for us on the board as well as suggested accompaniments. He handcrafted it with care and it was much-appreciated. Each one was better than the last! I could spend all day reading, talking, and enjoying this lovely place. 
My favorite part of my visit to Philadelphia. Thank you all!!Visiting from out of state and fell madly in love with their iced peach chai latte.  I don't even like chai usually but I love peach and it was hotter than blazes out.  It was so mild and refreshing that I went back five times in two days!  Heading back there this summer on our way through just so I can have it again... hopefully it's on the menu still!  Did t sample any food but it all looked clean and we will likely take some to go for our road trip.This review is for the "Secret Supper" at Talula's Daily, which is a set tasting menu of six courses for $55.  
The menu changes each month- and the courses are served family style (with the exception of the entree which came on individual plates).  Our menu for February consisted of warm jalapeno cornbread with honey butter, which were melt in your mouth delicious; a small dish of mussels served with toasted croutons in a broth flavored with lime leaves (the bowl of mussels was a little awkward for sharing among four people- who gets to drink the broth that remains after the mussels are gone..?), a cheesy cauliflower casserole, tender glazed spare ribs, a cheese course and to end it all deliciously a plate of hot chocolate donuts with vanilla cream!
The food was awesome, expertly prepared and attractively presented by the chef in the open kitchen.  Service was attentive and our waitress explained each course and was knowledgeable about the various wines. An optional wine pairing is available for the meal, but we just ordered by the glass.
What I think I loved the most about this restaurant was how pleasant the atmosphere was, the tables are not on right top of each other, the room was quiet enough for conversation and to hear the soft jazz music playing in the background, the room was candelit, and overall it felt very comfortable and relaxed, with a casual elegance. 
I would highly recommend the Secret Supper and the memory of this meal will stay with me a long time!Let's put price aside for a moment... Talula's table is a great addition--and lunch option--in Wash West. The good: the prepared foods, like Mac-n-cheese and roast pork sammie, to pre-packaged sandwiches, salads, dips are delish, there are lots of great options, and it's adorable. The bad: lines can be long, this is often a place for ladies who lunch and ill-mannered children, and it's not very big so if it's nice head across the street to Washington square instead. The ugly: prices are pretty outrageous for what it is. $12 for Mac-n-cheese, $9 for a half a pork sandwich, and cheeses are very high-priced. But I guess if I don't want to pay so much I don't have to go there. Hence 4 stars... Overall is a great local lunch and take out spot with high quality food, bacon ($1 a piece - enjoy while in line), mushroom 'crack'  dip to die for, and beer for all.This was our third secret supper dinner and Talula's Daily came thru with flying colors once again.  We have a group of 5 each time and we all thoroughly enjoy the entire evening.  I recommend the wine pairing. This was the second time we went with it and it was very well done. The description of the paired wine and cuisine is impeccable.  The set menu always has an optional course, get it.  We have always loved it. From delicate french inspired to traditional with a flare american the cuisine and experience is excellent.  Thank you Talula's we will be back once again.Made reservations for the supper club on fourth if July weekend with a friend and can say that this was the best meal I've ever had in Philadelphia. Every one of the five courses was inventive and perfectly cooked. The flower lot bread baked right into a clay flower pot was surprisingly one of the best things about it! I also loved the meaty swordfish kabobs with peach salsa. Not to mention the market was decorated in full anthropology decor and was so cute! We walked out very full and could not stop talking about how amazing the whole experience was. Giving it 5 stars because food, service and atmosphere were all perfect- definitely check it out!Love the food .. healthy and house made. The ambiance is out of one of my dreams. The baristas are friendly and helpful. Expensive. I asked for a cup of soy milk to have with my zucchini bread, you know maybe just 12oz's would do. I think I paid $5 for it *cringe*. It's okay. It was delicious and worth it. But I'll have to save up next time. Lol. Love ya Talula's daily.This place needs an honest review. Obviously, it is beautiful and the ideas are all good but the execution is sadly not.
I went in the third day it was open and ordered a grilled cheese.  I had time to spare, so I sat down and waited, and waited, and 25 minutes later an employee asked if I was waiting for something.  And then 12 minutes later my grilled cheese arrived -- burnt toast and everything.  It was (besides the burnt-ness) a delicious grilled cheese, but it took 35 minutes.
Went back yesterday since I was there one its first days and wanted to try again.  I ordered a frittata as did my friend.  They asked if I wanted it warmed (um, yes) and they whisked them away.  18 minutes later, they arrived at our table and were plunked on the table.  Which one's which? I asked. The employee did not know. That's fine, that's fine. We take our first bite...honestly, not warm at all. I am really not pushy at restaurants because I get it, I've worked in restaurants too, it's not easy! But when you are charging $7 for that grilled chesese, etc. everything from start to finish should be great.I am ... in Love.  Philly Love...that's what they call it?
This is the perfect cafe that has outside seating, without the hustle and bustle of cars driving by and wafting dust in your face.  You actually look into the park, rather than another old building.  This cafe serves a variety of organic coffees, wine (their house boxed...yes boxed..wine..is fantastic!), cheeses, snacks, deli options and even a dinner setting.  
If I had to choose to work remotely, I would choose this little knook.  Outside seating at Taluluas or indoors on their cocktail tables.  
Must tries:
Iced Coffee
Cappuccino
Cheese Board 
Salami
Deli options 
Cookie (free from yelp checkin!)
House white wine
I hear you can order cocktails from Talula's garden, but I'm so happy w/ the offerings here.  
The service is great and don't forget the coffee punch card!  Just the absolute perfect setting and likely more affordable pricing than Talula's Garden.Many legitimate complaints about wait times and food sitting out and not freshly made....for the prices, I agree. Given that there's not much else near by to grab and go, I suppose they can up charge for the convenience and locally sourced foods.
I also think the service has been at least friendly and attentive if. It lightening quick. I'll give them a chance to work out the kinks.
I recommend that you at least come here, but come in the nice weather, on a weekend, and get yourself a nice spiked coffee....which you can't getting any other cafe that isn't a straight up bar...and then sit outside and look out over beautiful Washington Square Park. Try a pastry with it. If you're looking for daily lunch every day on your lunch break, well, you may have to wait for Talula to figure out that the coffee is the only thing you can afford to get here every day.Great food and great atmosphere!  worth a visit if youre ever in philly. Went here for brunch. Enjoyed the yogurt parfait and carrot juice and coffee. My date had an egg dish with potatoes. All deliciousIn the main it was a good experience for our four guests.  However a soft shell crab appetizer was the special as an appetizer. Asked about its size and cost and told two for $22. We got one.  Very disappointed given we asked and the answer was it's about weight. Really - it was a small crab for $22?We went with a group of friends on July 4th to have lunch after we watched the philly parade and were surprised by how unorganized the place was. One of the guys at the counter who put the food on plates and processed payments didn't have any patience for customers to decide what they wanted, and kept banging stuff on the counter and rolling his eyes, acting overwhelmed. The food was ok, it arrived at our table cold and we had to ask them to reheat it. The interior is nice and I would have gone back with friends if they had a better attitude.I don't get the hype.  It's confusing, overpriced, however CLEAN!  The location is ideal.  I believe it's another 'emperor's new clothes' syndrome place.Talula's Daily is neato. 
They have witty names for specialty coffee drinks, incredibly tasty granola and baked goods, and a seating arrangement that is only bad when it gets too crowded. (ahem, lunch.) The staff is very nice and prompt. I'm looking forward to trying their Supper Club sometime soon... which everyone seems to just rave about. Highly recommend.I had the Nashville hazelnut latte which the barista recommended. She described it as drinking Nutella and it was pretty good but a place like Spencer's Confectionery in Old City is really the place to go for decadent dessert drinks. That being said if you're in Washington Square and looking for an alternative to the usual Starbucks this is a pretty good place.Went for dinner. Vibe is Berkeley food store. Set five-course menu, changes monthly. On our visit: a bean dip starter, a smoked trout salad, a bowl of chicken and dumplings (which smelled fabulous but was the weakest dish), a cheese plate, a board of miniature desserts, and granola to take home. The standout, though, was not even on the menu: a brioche cooked in a flower pot, buttered and salted; just wonderful.Kind of expensive, but delicious and fresh food. Good vegetarian options. Loved the broccoli Mac & cheese, cauliflower salad, and white chocolate chip cranberry scone.The decor was immediately captivating and warm with a contemporary chic tone and by chance we were the only table at that time dining. We reviewed the wine menu and weren't all in agreement so the server offered us the full selection from next door at Talula's Garden. The California Zinfindel was the perfect choice for the pre-set appetizer of Crispy Duck Kataifi with Date Sauce. Wow, what a great first course. It was followed by a autumnal soup of three winter squashes with apple garnish just perfect for a chilly November night. The Trout Rockefeller entree was exceptional and set the meal off as one of the best we'd had this year. The servings were very generous so by the time we were served the cheese selections, we were limited to lazy nibbling. Oh, there's more? Yes! A cheerful plate of enchanting cookies which included macarons and several other delicious varieties. Atlanta may be my home, but Talula's has my heart.Really warm and inviting spot to grab some coffee and something sweet.  The Charleston (sated caramel latte) was pretty good but I was secretly wishing for some fun art with the foam...no such luck.  The oatmeal raisin cookie was good and not overly sweet or buttery.Have you ever been hanging out with a friend and their younger sibling and realize you like the sibling more? No? Well, after having a decadent dinner at the fancy sister restaurant Talula's Garden the night before, I knew it would be necessary to go to the casual Talula's Daily. 
My mom and I split the maple scone, the chocolate chip cookie, the blueberry muffin, and an egg and cheese breakfast sandwich. We feasted on our snacks, stuffing them into our mouthes like savages. The eggs were magically cooked into the bread that was perfectly baked. My mom insisted on stealing the recipe from the cute and super nice chef behind the counter #blessed. Those damn desserts were all demolished within the hour. 
Everything about this place was homey and perfect. It is kid friendly and has a very down-to-earth vibe. The mismatched plates and large wooden communal table only added to this majestical cafe.
You need to go here if you're in Philly.Great beverages and delicious pastries/food. Service is usually friendly. Terrific decor and one of my favorite places to visit; superior to other nearby cafe options.Lovely ambiance: big, bright and cozy. The quality of the food is the best I can imagine. The coffee is great too. Loved it!!I decided to go for a nice morning brunch this previous weekend and had read some great reviews on here about Talula's Daily, so I decided to stop in.
First of all, the ambience of this establishment is fantastic. I had a beautiful corner table in the outside garden. It was very elegant and quaint. The ivy on the fence was well manicured and added to the scenery. The table allowed an excellent view of the park across the street.
The service was excellent. Very attentive to the my needs and made sure that I was happy with my meal. Speaking of which...
The food was excellent. I had the pear pancakes, doughnuts, and the salmon with eggs and potatoes. Superior quality that was a different than your typically morning breakfast or brunch. Excellent amount of flavor, filling, with just the right amount of food and garnish.
I would gladly dine here again. Thank you for the excellent experience.Good food and exceptionnal service. Maybe too expensive if you take into account the "find yourself a place" policy there."It all starts with the bread," my wife always says, and Talula's started out with a bang, not a whimper - the  bread was warm and moist like a donut and very very good. The Hitchhiker - a Mojito with Pear - was really nice, they have a nice wine list.
We ate at the bar - 3 appetizers and a few sides. The grits were our favorite - light, a little sweet - great. The Duck Duo was very good, and for dessert we have the donuts, which were filed with ricotta cheese. Those were the 3 standouts. We also had the frisée salad, cucumber side, and one of the pasta dishes. These were all good, but not outstanding. 
The service at the bar was perfect. Knowledgable, helpful, and times everything perfectly. 
Talula's is definitely a place to go in Philly!Took my friend here for her birthday brunch. Food was amazing. Love the fact that they have local fresh food. The atmosphere is cosy. Staff was friendly.Super adorable place where I wish I can come to grab coffee and food daily!!
Great hidden gem, you can easily just walk by without realizing what it is or the awesome food they have here!  It's a grab and go type place where you can also have the option to eat there.  They have a small kitchen if you need to heat up food but not used for ordering on the spot.
They have a wonderful selection of cheeses (my favorite!), cured meats, salads, sandwiches and other random snacks.  They ask have coffee (jackpot) so what's not to love about Tulula's Daily?!  I'd love to try their supper club, if the daily food is yummy can't wait to check out their special dinners!I've been here twice for Secret Supper Club and I LOVE it! Both times (November and March) there were things on the menu I wouldn't normally order from a full menu. Thank goodness it wasn't a huge menu because I've loved everything!Cute,cozy and now I am not forced to meet business associates with offices nearby at Starbucks! Love this place...I'm not too used to places that offer small plates, but don't let the appearance fool you! The food can actually fill you up a bit, all of which are very delicious! The outdoor area is also a great place to eat, with great garden decor. The staff are all very helpful and nice. This place can get pretty busy, we even saw the the bar was extremely full. But it was during happy hour times ( I think?) and pretty much dinner time on a weekend. There's two separate areas of Talula's, so it's best to ask the people in the front which one you should enter! I got confused at first and asked a valet person.Great quick sandwich grab and we loved the free cookie for checking in!! The cheese plate was delish and we took home a ham and Brie threw it in the toaster and it was a great late lunch. We'll be back-Great selection of gourmet sandwiches and sides. I had a pear and pepper jack grilled cheese with sides of roasted pesto carrots and roasted cauliflower quinoa salad (both served warm since we ate there). The carrots were amazing!What a cute gem in Washington Square! Such a great place to meet a friend for a casual bite. I highly recommend the quiche, big enough to share! There can be a wait, but if you go during a non busy hour it's the perfect casual setting.We had an unfortunate experience with some very rude customers, but the manager, Chelsea, handled it with diplomatic aplomb. This a great place - cozy, wonderful coffee, excellent food, and very friendly staff.Talula's Daily is a great addition to the neighborhood. I can't spend 12-15 dollars on lunch everyday but, it is a great option for those days I forget my lunch at home. The salads are fresh and I adore the carrot cake. 
The only problem thus far is checking out during lunch time. I almost spent half of my lunch time waiting to check out while they attentively cared for each customers purchase. I know that it is not Wawa but I don't think one should spend more time checking out for their food than it probably took to prepare it. . There is a cash register on the upper level but it is really difficult to have a lot of people lined up there as it may block the delicious assortment of sandwiches and salads.  
Either way, I love this spot and the BF does too!Check in here on Yelp - they give you a free (delicious) cookie with your check in! I had the Austin, a lavender green tea, with my cookie. Both were awesome and made having to wait for a friend a much more pleasant experience.A nice place for a pit stop during a day of visiting Philadelphia.
It's adorable...and the cheese selection is amazing.
I tried a sample of cheese with lavender & ground espresso...it was surprisingly delicious.The scones here are amazing. Especially the blueberry ones. They tend to sell out early, so grab one if you can! The coffee is good, with a variety of drinks that change seasonally so there's generally something new to try. Free wifi, nice decor. Also, I enjoyed their ham and Brie sandwich, and their warm sandwiches of the day. All in all, a great little cafe.We've come here twice for the supper club, and both experiences were fantastic. 
Normally my main (and possibly only) concern is the food. So for me to say that the vibes are a standout feature here really means something. Relaxed, peaceful, cozy. I'm not sure exactly how I would categorize. Upscale-chill, perhaps? Bougie in a good way?
The food and drinks are excellent. The menus were tasty, inventive, and perfectly portioned. Highly recommend checking this place out.I come here for the coffee and cookies, and they are delicious. I've had both their brewed coffee and their cappuccino, and I really like both. When you check in on Yelp, you get a free cookie, so I've tried the chocolate chip and the mudslide. Both are good, but they are so rich. It's almost hard to finish the cookies, but I always power through. There is a decent amount of seating, and I have come here to study for a couple hours in the past without be hassled about staying too long. The staff here are also very friendly, and they'll bring your coffee and treats to you if you like.This spot is for travelling foodies who are on the hunt for farm to kitchen table kind of spot. It is tucked away in Washington Square, a short walk from Independence Hall.
The place is hard to label as a café and bakery,  because as you look around, it's a wine and cheese shop,  a lunch bistro, and add a secret supper club 6 night a week. House made bake goods. Four beers on tap (growlers avail),  a cooler filled with wine. Cheeses galore, freshly made salad and sandwiches OMG... It's food heaven here.
My husband and I had yummy frittata, breakfast sandwich, croissant and coffee. Talula's did not disappoint and save us from another cheesy steak sammi.Went to Talula's Daily last night for the Monthly Supper. Must say I was very impressed with everything. The food was excellent, the service was top notch, and the whole ambiance of the place was very enjoyable. Talula's Daily is a grab-n-go eatery by day, and a pre-fixe restaurant dinner by night. For $55/person, you get a decent amount of food. We also opted for the beverage pairing, which went very well with each course. 
The stuffed Quail and the Fried Apple Donuts were my two favorite dishes. The donuts were warm and pillow soft. I could of eaten like 100 of them. 
Talula's Daily is definitely worth a try.I had the coffee and the Greek salad w/ chicken added to it. Beat choice ever! The huge blocks of feta and chicken were so yummy and the red wine vinaigrette was perfect with the olives as the romaine and peppery arugula, so yum! My entire meal was around $14, which was reasonable considering your in CC having lunch. Also, I'm GF and the staff were super nice and very accommodating. Would I come back? YES YES YES for lunch and next time to get cheese and chartchuries.Never a bad experience or meal here. Love the atmosphere, customer service, and overall options. The pre-made meals and to-go options are always appealing and satisfying. One of the best stops in Wash West!Wow.  The variety and quality of Talula's bakery, delicatessen, and grocery is astounding.  The establishment offers a quaint, refreshing ambience along beautiful Washington Square park.  A wonderful destination for breakfast, lunch, or treats in between.  
A check-in here gets you a free cookie, so you have no excuse not to stop by.  My choice indulgence was mudslide: chocolate batter, chocolate chunks, and walnuts.  It is a brownie in cookie form.  I gave my friends tastes of it when I got home, and they walked there today for their own.
The salads in the to-go case are divine, featuring tempeh, edamame, chunks of delicious white chicken, quinoa, and more.  Mushroom mac-and-cheese and other good dairy treats.  Lots of gourmet groceries, well-suited for gifts.Just stopped in for a quick bite to eat and had their delicious soba noodle salad. Loved sitting outside next to the park and can't forget to mention that their desserts rock (tried the lemon bundt cake!). I will definitely be back soon.Came here at night for a special birthday dinner when the place transforms into a "supper club". The menu is seasonal prix fixe and rotates each month. Amazing food and service!Went for the chef's special dinner and it was delicious. Definitely would recommend the wine pairing with the meal. Plan on going back soon so will update my post and provide pics after that meal.
Returned for the August Chef's Special Dinner and it was amazing. This month's menu included fried zucchini with zucchini blossoms, a fantastic tomatoe and plumb salad, shrimp and grits, a cheese platter, and deconstructed s'mores for dessert.I really enjoy Talula's Daily every time I come here!
I absolutely adore the idea of a tasting menu.   It forces me to try new things and just enjoy what is in front of me.  At $55 per person I only come here every so often, but it is certainly more than worth the money...and if you think about it a pretty good deal!! (5 courses for 55, is only a little over $10 per course).  It is a 5 course meal (plus some extras that they always provide, such as bread and a take home after dessert (last time I went it was a homemade granola...SO GOOD!).
I have been here about 4 times and each time was different (they change the menu every month) and delicious!  The servers are always really attentive and great at pairing wines or beers with what you are eating.  Keep In mind that the bill can get pretty high when adding alcohol to your meal.  
The ambiance is great too.  Homey but sophisticated.  Not stuffy at all, It makes you feel great about being there and even more excited about what you are going to eat!
You get a good amount of food for what you pay.  I  am so full every time I leave here, but I am so satisfied with everything and I enjoy it so much, it is so worth that stuffed feeling when I go home.
If you have not been here, check out their website and book a table as soon as you can...such good food and a fantastic dining experience! Personally, I can't wait to go back!The staff was condescending not good for a daily, the choice of food was limited. I ordered a risotto and some dessert. The risotto was too creamy not al dente enough and not salted. Not worth the price I paid for.We decided on Talula's Daily Secret Supper Club for our last Saturday evening dinner in Philly. We have always wanted to try Talula's Table and love Talula's Garden, so we decided that this would be a special treat. While the meal was very good, it wasn't great. I don't think I'd rush back. Our server was nice, but a bit odd and awkward. He also seemed to forget about us at the beginning - it took longer than we are used to to get water, and then he didn't come back for quite a bit to take our drink orders. The food itself was very good, but the only dish that blew us away was the 4th course (swordfish with grilled peaches and swordfish belly - aka swordfish bacon). We enjoyed a bottle of white wine with our meal. Our bill for two + a bottle of wine was $200. There was also a bachelorette party there when we were there and it made for a loud, slightly obnoxious experience. I didn't find the food or experience any better than restaurants at a slightly lower price point. Maybe we would have felt differently if we didn't spend much of our meal annoyed at our server.We loved the food on the April menu. Standouts were ricotta and bread (best ricotta ever eaten in my life- period), morel ravioli which was tangy and delish, fried greens and fiddleheads were also good as was the chicken. The mint ice cream dessert was again, the best mint ice cream we had ever tasted. 
Cons of the place are that the wine and coffee are overpriced - 5 dollars for regular coffee?! 13 dollars for a small glass of pretty standard wine?!
I'm taking one star away for being overpriced with drinks.
The staff is also super sweet here as is the decor.
All in all, I actually had a better experience than I did with my first time at Talulas garden. 
So glad I found this place!!Don't understand all the hype. Expensive, average-tasting uninspired sandwiches. Baked good were good but also pricey. Staff was polite and efficient. 
I just don't understand what people rave about. 
The Market at Hopkinson House makes better sandwiches. I suppose all the rich people who live in the nearby condos have the wool pulled over their eyes. Fancy presentation/store must =good. LolThe service at this restaurant ruined my experience. A friend and I had planned a night out here for their supper club but when we arrived we were shuffled between the two locations without anyone checking out reservation properly. Finally, when the staff bothered to look up our actual reservation they took 20 minutes to seat us and were plainly rude and unapologetic about us having to wait despite having made a reservation. They balked at us asking to have half glasses of wine to plan wine varieties with the menu items and when they finally sat us the table had been empty the entire time. The food was mediocre and did not make up for the rude service we experienced at the beginning of the evening. Though, they did bring us mini donuts as a consolation.Excellent farm to table bakery/cafe with one of the most creative coffee menus in Philadelphia. They also have a fresh deli by the cafe serving sandwiches and other quick eats. Can't speak for food but I loved the Sangli - turmeric latte. You'll find a New Orleans inspired cup of coffee in the form of bourbon latte, Vietnamese coffee called Saigon etc. If you are by Washington Square, I would definitely recommend a quick stop at this delightful placeCustomer service at this cafe is severely lacking. Despite the fact that we arrived first, ordered and sat down, when another larger party arrived the manager came to our table and forced us to move. This is not because there weren't any other seats available, and this is despite the fact that there were several other open group seating available. There was also another small group seated at a larger tables right next to us. Just because a customer does not want to sit in a group seating situation it's not ok to force another customer to move. It's a little unclear to me why they targeted us to move and were very forceful regarding their recommendations, perhaps it's because they thought it would be easy to convince two Asian girls...This has never happened before to me at any other restaurant. Very disappointing.Talula's Daily is a nice and casual outpost of the next-door Talula's Garden and the Kennett Square original, built for take-out gourmet lunches and dinner fixings. They have a large, airy layout which is amenable to lingering over a deliciously made matcha latte and a three-bite flourless chocolate torte dessert while chatting with a good friend.
Prices are obviously in line with the high quality artisanal goods they have on the shelves, but the coffee and beer seems reasonably priced and I'm excited to come back for their supper table soon.
The staff at the coffee bar do tend to linger over each customer's purchase, and they can be forgetful whilst hopping between the desserts and the coffee machines -- but otherwise friendly and apologetic for the wait.
Great addition to the Washington Square neighbourhood!Order something special, pick up a hunk of cheese, eat in, take it to the park..whatever happens, you will be happy.  I stopped in while on jury duty, it killed the pain of waiting waiting waiting.  Totally charming.Nice scone. Great beverages. The female servers were sweet and made our latte and tea perfect.  The guy was not that friendly.We stopped here for a snack (iced tea and cookies) after getting our tickets for Independence Hall, having time to burn. The place was so comfortable and cookies so delicious we came back for lunch. Very friendly staff, but service at the food counter was a bit too relaxed for five stars -- I was afraid my parking time would expire before the sandwiches got heated.Originally made reservation to Talula's Kitchen for birthday brunch but my husband and I found ourselves still stuffed from dinner the night prior. Instead we stopped in next door at Talula's Daily for our morning caffeine fix. 
Without any hesitations,  I immediately went with their "Austin" which was a lavender green tea latte from their specialty drink menu. My husband  struggled between the salted caramel and their "Nashville" which was an hazelnut latte. For once he was the indecisive one but ultimately went with their hazelnut. 
Both drinks were beyond delicious - perfectly sweetened. I loved the balance of lavender and green tea  where one didn't overpower the other. My husband downed his drink in no time. And thanks to yelp check in, we each received a free home made cookie of our choice - I went with their chocolate chip and my husband went with their peanut butter - both went perfectly with our drinks! 
Staffs were extremely friendly and welcoming. Talula's Daily felt like home!  I wish I was in Philly for one more night to experience their Supper Club. Will definitely return if I ever find myself in Philly!Love it here. If you're a fan of a good cheese board, this is the place. $20 for an amazing board perfect for 2-4 people. You can not beat it, sitting outside overlooking Washington Square!Absolutely loved this unique cafe.  The website's description of their food/experience was very accurate, and the food was incredibly fresh.  I had a terrible time deciding because everything looked so great. I'll definitely be back for their shared dinner experience. Highly recommend!Come here for the Secret Supper club for dinner. They post the menu online and just book a reservation for dinner. Definitely get the wine pairing to enjoy with the amazing food. The price is very affordable for such high quality food.
Such a unique atmosphere: exclusive dining at about 6 tables in the middle of their store when it's closed in the evening. Really great service too!I ordered the egg cheese and bacon breakfast sandwich and I can easily say it was the best breakfast sandwich I've ever had. The egg was slow cooked and light and buttery, the bacon thick and savory, and the bread crisp on the outside and soft on the inside (like they say in Ratatouille, you can hear the bread!). Definitely would come back and order this again :).Everything is fresh... plenty of great options no matter what you're craving. If you get a salad, bring it to the kitchen and they will toss it for you. Can't go wrong here!This was our first stop after arriving to Philly.  I have been visiting this city for many years but this was the first time I actually seeked out a good coffee place.  I'm glad we found Talula's!  There are two stations, one with coffee and another with food you can order.  The Yelp check-in offer includes a free cookie with purchase so I ordered a chai latte (made with soy milk) and a white chocolate cranberry cookie.
The latte was on point.  I can easily say it's one of the best I ever had.  My friend pointed out they use a really great coffee brand (the name is failing me at the moment) so that probably contributed to how good all our drinks were.  The cookie was very soft and tasty.  The staff is extremely friendly and the seating area looks like someone's rustic kitchen.This is a good spot directly across the street from Washington Square.  Very comfortable location with outside seating- very handy during the warm days.  They have a good selection of coffee and tea inside for reasonable prices.   The food on the other hand, is tasty, but a tad on the expensive side.  Luckily you can get a good portion of something for a decent price.  Perfect location if you are trying to study outside.This review is for the Secret Supper Club.  My wife and visited on a Sunday evening in June, and it was one of the best meals we've had in Philly.  The service was top notch, the beverage pairings went well with each of the 4 courses (there's no pairing for the dessert course), and the casual refined ambiance was very enjoyable.  The food itself was fantastic.  Each dish had complex layers of flavor that were well balanced and delightful, without being too heavy or heavy-handed.  It was almost a perfect meal.
I think the meal experience might differ based on the month (we chose to go in June because each of the 5 courses sounded good), but as long as most of the dishes sound intriguing to you, I heartily recommend that you give it a try.  It seems expensive, but I think that you actually get the quality you pay for.One of the greatest local cafes in town. Was so impressed by the spread of options and love that everything is local organic. I feel good eating the food and supporting the local business.
I got the tomato soup which was incredible! Will be back.Went last night for the April menu. The spring chicken was the best I have ever eaten. Each of the 5 courses had a unique flavor and I would recommend this place to everyone. Will definitely go back in May for the new menu.Their cheese board was absolutely fantastic. They make some delicious fresh sandwiches. We had a tomato and bacon sandwich which was absolutely delicious. Highly recommend people to try it out.One of the most magical places in washington square.
A place that serves all of my favorite beverages ( coffee and wine) , fresh baked goods on the cutest anthro table settings. GIANT HEARTS(insert emoji).
This review is based on two encounters once for a lady date with wine and cheese and the other for the secret supper club. 
I met one of my favorite lady pals here a few months  back and we did what we always do... share a cheese board and gossip over glasses of wine. The cheese board was the perfect size  and came along with a few house made accompniments including a TDF quince like paste. The monger asked us our cheese preferences and we both agreed we could do without any blues. The board that came out was pure magic and he even threw in a few slices of a house cured chrozio like sausage. It was a decent size board for two to share and they have boards to fit any size group priced up to 35-40.00. My only  gripe about my afternoon here is the very small and pricey wine list. A few blocks west and a few blocks south one could visit a well known wine bar with alot more options and a better price range for wine. i will pay for delocious grapes in a glass but my sav blanc here rang in at 11.00 and to me its tasted more like an 8.50 glass if that. The seating situation is intense and forces you to be a friendly philadelphian ( even if deep down you hate everyone) Get there at the open of the doors or stroll in after 1:30 or you will be fighting that old couple thats seated at a 4 top instead of  two top for a seat.  My afternoon delight here left me with a four star impression.
I'm always a fan of group dinners and tend to stick with a crew who's down to spend a few shekels more for a great meal. From start to finish the supper club was beyond five start right away. We had a few dietary restrictions at the table , but our server Erin quickly diffused any bombs and the delicious food followed shortly after. 5 courses of well prepared food came out over the course of 3 hours. First the bean dip split between table sections with amazing crackers and warm bread. The salted flour pot bread that came out shortly after made me want to cry it was so good. Our next course was a smoked trout salad again fresh and light prepared and presented so well . The chicken and dumplings ( or extra dumplings for me ) was hearty and filling and the dumplings were so good . Our fourth course was a mountain cheese board and featured La Tur which is pretty much the most amazing cheese that will ever hit your lips. All the accompaniments were prepared in house and the local honey was a nice added touch. Dessert left us all speechless . A mini smorgasbord of decadence. Chocolate chip cookie sandwiches filled with ice cream and rolled in bacon = #sydi and love every bite . Our board also featured a orange scented Madeline , flour less molten chocolate cake and a pine nut square that made me drool.
Service from Erin was spot on. Our group got a little rowdy once the restaurant started clearing out and most peoples beverage pairings were down to drink 4 and 5 .
I will most definitely be back. Did I mention the house made granola parting gift that made the perfect morning snack the day.
Pro tip- so Sunday supper with up to 12 of your foodie friends . Email or mark your reso with any dietary restrictions.
Do the optional beverage pairing it's so worth it . Or split a bottle of wine.Food was decent, but it took us 40+ minutes to get our car from the valet (while we were waiting in the freezing cold). You guys need to figure out a better system - this really leaves a bad taste in your mouth no matter how good the meal.Great service, great food and great ambiance. 
If you are cheese lover, Tulula's Daily has a cheesemonger who will set you up with an amazing array of treats picked based on your pallet. That alone was worth it for me.We held a milestone birthday party for my husband at Talula's Daily, renting out the cafe for a Saturday evening.  We could not have been happier -- working with the staff in the preparations and with the evening itself.  The food was outstanding (of course!), the service was excellent, and the staff were a delight to work with.  The the entire team was accommodating, helpful, professional and super nice.  Really highly recommend Talula's Daily for a special event!Talula's Daily is just the cutest little cafe on Washington Square. It's always busy at lunchtime but there are a ton of options for dining. 
On the main level, there is a coffee bar with fresh pastries (check in on yelp and get a free cookie! It's worth it!). If you head up a couple steps, there is indoor family style seating and you can order from a menu or pick up pre-made sandwiches and salads. They also have a counter where you can order (and usually taste test) a variety of cheeses as well as salads, pasta salads, entrees, sides and more. It's a great option for takeout if you need to get back to the office or want to enjoy your lunch in the park. They have a couple high top tables in the cafe on the main level as well as a few two-tops outside on the sidewalk, but they fill up fast! 
And, if you're dining in, they have a variety of wine and cold beer. Not to mention, everyone who works there is always so friendly! It's a little pricey ($12 for a pre-made salad) but definitely worth checking out for lunch if you're in the area.Good place for a simple light meal.  We came here for lunch as a party of 5 and one baby in stroller. There was enough tables to accommodate us and environment is casual so easy to bring the baby.  We ordered food to be heated and picked out salad and sandwiches from the frig section. Enough selection to satisfy everyone and food was good. Also really enjoyed the desserts, carrot cake and cookies.  Yum!Ok, this place is part of the Talula's restaurant dynasty.....ok, that's what I call it because they are simply wonderful. I could literally come to this place everyday but my bank account will not allow me to do so. 
I cannot rave about how much I love this place from the location, to the decor, the food, the staff, the quality, the fresh ingredients to everything that is classy. I've had coffees, lattes, pastries, soup, salad, sandwiches, panini's, mushroom risotto, any many other items. Each of these items were prepared with the freshest ingredients and precision. I enjoy every visit and sitting outside during the spring with the view of Washington Square Park is priceless!