finally, made it to Tamalex after wanting to go for at least a year (confirmed by a friend who checked his email for location and found my email of at least a year prior).  No frills atmosphere, but warm and cozy...owners' lovely and polite children sitting at the table behind us, lots of folks filling the other tables, tvs going at low volumes, and three-week-old "mother's day" balloons still floating around....and the smells of good food!  all six of us noticed upon entering:  it smelled *good*!  we over ordered, but everything was delicious.  basics, but attentively prepared, homemade...nothing from a box or whatever, and hot, hot, hot (temperature, not spice levels).  red and green gratis salsas, not sure if homemade or not, were delish.  the cabbage-y, cucumber-y sides that accompanied on a couple of platters were especially good.  bistec very tender.  service was excellent.  go there.  am looking forward to going back.Unlike any neighborhood Mexican/Honduras place you have ever been. Has the comfortable family style dining atmosphere with the level of food that is humble and delicious. I have eaten here twice in the past month. First time I ordered lengua tacos-very basic but if done properly is probably one of the most tender meats imaginable. It was absolutely amazing and very flavorful. The second time I had a plate of green enchiladas. The green sauce did not disappoint, it was tangy and spicy and the chicken enchiladas were also perfectly done. I love this lil place. My absolute favorite restaurant in philly.There is a deal in restaurant.com but they don't accept this deal. Big portion poor quality. I am definitely not coming back, there are better options near by.I found this place while searching for Honduran food, I read the reviews and we decided to try it out! I really loved the Honduran plate- tajadas con pollo. We got an order of Baliadas but they were not handmade tortillas, but they were great ( just that would off been able to make them at home.) my husband got a chicken soup and he loved it! Everything was really good! The tajadas were a nice size and you will never be thirsty here bc they serve drink in a big container( which I loved!!) I had a really great lunch with my family, ( I would just suggest fans or an AC because it was super hot!!) 
We will definitely be back here!!My boyfriend and I get takeout from here multiple times a week.  It is right around the corner so it is convenient for the post gym, post work "hangries" (hungry /angry) when I need food right away and I need something that I know is easy and is going to be good.  I would probably still order from them if I moved across the city, because the food is that good.  Our go to staple are the Tortas Milanese, which is the best Mexican food that I never knew about until recently.  Breaded chicken cutlet, mayo, pickled jalapenos, cheese, refried beans, avocado on a Mexican version of a Kaiser roll. Perfection.  I have started eating these as my go to Mexican food, but theirs is the best.  Also good are their sopes and enchiladas.
The guys that work there are really nice and when I am without my Spanish speaking boyfriend they have been able to accommodate me in both English and my attempts to order in my slightly imperfect Spanish.Every single thing I've ordered here has been incredible, and the service is great!  Fresh tortilla chips still hot, served with salsa or guacamole, quesadillas, pupuzas, Honduran fried chicken, tacos, and other platters all make it so tough to decide between returning to an old favorite or further making my way around the menu.  Looking forward to trying the fresh fruit juices soon!Awesome authentic Mexican food. The veggie burrito packs in a lot of flavor for the price!Best burrito ever! 
I tried to come here once but parking is always impossible in this area. We decided to park our car at a Chinese supermarket on Washington street and I'm so glad we did. The food here is absolutely incredible and the staff is so friendly. This is gonna be my go to place for Mexican food going forward.David and crew came to a friend's house and provided a fresh taco bar for my 50th birthday party (they cooked and assembled on site). They were prompt and professional, the prices were reasonable and everyone RAVED about the food - fresh and delicious, served by nice guys to boot. I will DEFINITELY use them again. Thanks so much for making it a really special night!Said I was craving burritos so my boyfriend brought me here and I was very pleased. I did get a burrito, and my only complaint was that there were mushrooms in it, other than that it was perfect. It isn't their fault that I didn't know about this so I'm not even mad. I started off with fresh squeezed watermelon juice since the waiter offered it and I thought that sounded awesome, and it was! For appetizers we got the guacamole and the cheese pot. The guacamole was fresh and exactly what guacamole should be. The cheese pot wasn't what I was expected but was really yummy. It was just really good melted cheese in a bowl, but it was just great quality and so simple. Boyfriend got the steak burrito and loved it, I got the vegetarian, and my only complaint were he mushrooms, I just don't like them it general. Otherwise a wonderful night out!I absolutely love Mexican food and have made it a mission to try all of the ones in my area.  Hands down this is the BEST! Really large portions, and really fast delivery.
The chicken enchiladas in verde sauce are so damn good.  The pack the rice and beans separate from the enchiladas so when it is delivered it isn't just a pile of slop.  They also throw in slices of avocado and salsa. 
Be patient when ordering over the phone.  You're calling for authentic awesome Mexican food, and that's exactly what you're going to get.Unassuming little corner Mexican/El Salvadorian spot. Best pupusas I've ever had (make you sure you eat it with the provided slaw and sauce). The quesadilla was different than most people are used to, but great! Also delicious: gordita and the Mexican bread sandwich. 
BYOB and super friendly staff. Most of the menu is fried, but that's the charm, right?So since the Mexican spot down the street from my house changed ownership, we've been looking for a new one (I will sorely miss you, Vero's) and I think Tamalex might be just the replacement. 
The food is very good. I took the recommendation from one of the other reviews and ordered the puputas. They were excellent. Came out nice and piping hot. My son had an al pastor burrito. That thing was humongous. It was about as big as my two fists put together. I also really liked the salsa verde (I think) that they served with the tortilla chips. I only wish the chips were made fresh not cold. 
The only thing amiss slightly would be the service. We didn't get any water. The waiter wasn't very attentive. We felt a little bit out of place being the only non Spanish speakers in the restaurant.I love their vegetarian burrito. It is different than most vegetarian burritos and is a great price!I am so lucky this spot is less than a block away from me. I have never had a bad meal here and I always feel at home when I walk in. My go-to meal is the chicken sopes but when I want something more like comfort food, I get their enchiladas with mole. Also, this place is inexpensive and delicious? What more could you want? Oh, it's byob. Perfect.Beware of the "gringo tax" i'm sorry but the first time I went here I had a very pleasant experience despite finding a hair in my food. I thought that I had finally found a place in South Philadelphia that was legitimate clean and worth frequenting. This time I wouldn't exact same thing as I got last time which was chicken tinga nachos 6.99 on menu. Finally got my bill and the waitress charge me $10 for them I said look at the menu. She then told me to that I got a large however their menu showed no designation between sizes. She did one of changing the price but she also gave me the you know for next time now. No unfortunately I won't know next time that I don't visit your restaurant. Food here's okay it's not anywhere near the better Mexican food you can get in Camden or in Trenton. Tamalex has now gone from a priority choice to a maybe return to. Poor customer service, waited really long , and the end in the issue with the price adjustment which was wrong for my food and my friends was enough to make me reassess my previous review.Everyone knows bones are flavor, that's why we COOK with them. But, we don't serve them in most things. I asked about bones in the soup, because I've been served Mexican soups with lots of bones in them before. They told me I'd get all breast. I did, but with bones. Then, to my dismay, I bit into a big chunk of bone in a tamale, hurting my tooth. Apparently this style of tamale gets bones because two out of three had them. I imagine that's traditional, but people want to enjoy their food without being on the lookout for bones constantly.Super delicious and friendly good service!
Pupusas were fantastic!  It's hard to find these and what a treat!
Got the Honduran tacos, which were flat crispy tortillas with great filling. Mole sauce on the enchiladas was rich chocolatey slightly bitter and totally perfect!
The portions are very large - our group shared some tamales and pupusas before the dinner plates so ended up taking 1/2 of our meals home. So now I'm looking forward to lunch tomorrow!
It's a great place - we are really lucky to have such tasty authentic inexpensive taqueria!El Gallo Pinto and its Nicaraguan delicacies had been on my mind. It was over 2 years ago that I visited the spot on 7th and Federal and learned the scoop, a Mexican grocery store with Mexican and Nicaraguan food served out the back. It seems that soon after my visit, ownership changed and instead of Nicaraguan and Mexican food, they now do Honduran and Mexican food and call themselves Tamalex. The signage outside still reflects the old name. As Honduras and Nicaragua are neighbors, and the layout looked unchanged, I was optimistic I would still enjoy the impending meal.
I loved the giant cup of fresh watermelon juice at El Gallo Pinto, and was happy I could get it again.  A pleasant upgrade, Tamalex bestowed a bowl of tortilla chips with a spicy, creamy avocado guacamole-salsa dip. Steven Starr would charge $8 for this.
On the Honduran side of the menu, you will find pupusas. This is a big deal, because they are not easy to find in Philly. The only other place I have seen them so far is at El Sabroso in Upper Darby. For $7 I got 3 very large pupusas revueltas-stuffed with pork, beans, cheese. Spicy cabbage slaw and a red sauce came with it. An order of these guys alone is a great lunch. I'll admit El Sabroso's are slightly better, probably because they are cooked in more oil.
Tamalex introduced me to the pambazo- a Mexican sandwich made with Mexican white bread of the same name. Mine was a hefty handful; red sauce soaked bread with chorizo and potato, cheese, and lettuce. I had the option of adding another layer of meat,  to which I added steak, naturally.  Quite a grande sandwich for $7. The chorizo-potato mush that made up the bottom layer was my favorite part; the steak was only so-so. Things got pretty sloppy as the bread degraded, a fork was necessary.
For pictures of food and menu: http://midtownlunch.com/philadelphia/2013/09/12/find-pupusas-at-tamalex/#more-9076I'm not normally a fan of Mexican food, but Tamalex, you have sold me.  I originally found the restaurant while searching for Honduran food on Yelp.  You should call ahead if you have a big group - we had a group of 8 and they let us know that they'd be ready to accommodate us in an hour because they were hosting a party.  True to their word, they were ready to seat us when we arrived.  
The complimentary tortilla chips were freshly fried and delicious, served with two types of salsa.  We ordered baleadas, pupusas revueltas, 2 types of burritos and tacos (steak and al pastor), sopes, and enchiladas.  The pupusas and burritos were AMAZING.  This was my friends' first time trying pupusas and they loved them.  The baleadas were good and simple, but didn't pack as much of a punch as the pupusas did.  (One thing I noticed is that they were not made with the same salty cheese that we had in San Pedro Sula.)  I personally didn't like the sopes or enchiladas as much - the sopes base was slightly dry and the enchiladas were nothing special - they were still good, but the highlights were definitely the pupusas and burritos.  
The best part?  We ordered 8 dishes, and the total came to $62 (including tax but not tip).  AMAZING.  We are definitely coming back again soon!
One thing to note - the burritos were made in a different style than El Jarocho and other similar Mexican places in Philly.  I like it better, but they are not directly comparable.Favorite Ecuadorian food place in town.   Cold-pressed cantaloupe juice is fresh and delicious every day.  Love it!Not bad! I had pupusa with cheese and pork. They sell them in threes but I had a feeling I would barely make it through 2 - I was right.  She allowed me to purchase just two which was good. Those things are huge- bigger than other places I have been. Nicely filled. You get a good bite of the pork and cheese through out majority of it which is what I like. My friend had fajitas and it was also a big portion. The place is a nice size. Seating and ordering was pretty quick. The lady was very nice. My only issue was they didn't tell us they dont split checks nor do they have a mac machine. Thank goodness for cash app. I think that is something that should be mentioned early on as there were three of us there. I would still recommend the place and go back.One of the only places you can get good pupusas in the city! My coworkers and I get delivery from here at least once a week and it is always fast, affordable and delicious! Can't go wrong here.When my go-to spot for pupusas shut down, I was in desperate need of a new spot to get my fix. This place is it. And more. 
The pupusas were delicious--and the size of pancakes. The carnitas tacos were awesome, with juicy fatty pork--a meal all on its own. I assumed the empanadas were going to be typical snack size portions but they were huge, as well, and smothered in sauce, lettuce and cheese. The fresh juices are the bomb, too (one order is probably enough for two or three people).
If you're smart, you'll go in a big group so you can order everything on the menu. And expect to take home doggie bags for at least two or three meals!BEWARE OF TAMALEX! We have ordered takeout from Tamalex for the past 3 years and loved it. However, the last 3 times have been awful and then downright scary. About two months ago, the food upset my stomach. Then a month ago our daughter also had stomach problems after eating just rice and beans. And LAST NIGHT, my husband found a 1/2 inch long piece of wire brush in his chicken enchiladas! Luckily he felt it in his mouth and did not swallow it. I don't want to think about what might have happened if he had. We could not eat anymore. We called Tamalex immediately to complain and had them send back the driver to show him the piece of metal and get our money back. There is obviously something going wrong in that kitchen and the health department should shut it down until the entire place is cleaned and checked out thoroughly. Very sad to report this as, like I said, we had always enjoyed their authentic Mexican food.Mexican foodies=come here. It's a total dive but authentic as could be. Verde sauce is off the chain. Their food is SPICY which I am ALL ABOUT. So don't come in here with your bland tastebuds. Leave them at the door. Ariba!Quizás la razón es que hay una gran cantidad de inmigrantes Mexicanos viviendo en Philadelphia y naturalmente trajeron su comida a esta ciudad para compartir con el resto de la población. ¡Qué gusto me da!Que buena es la comida de este sitio soy un cliente regular me gusta la comida una ves pedi un burrito Y lo pedí sin pico de gallo pero el burrito me llegó con pico de gallo llame y me dijeron que lo regresara pero si tenía hambre. La siguiente vez que ordene le dije a la señorita que me contestó el teléfono que quería un burrito Y afortunadamente no me cobró 1000 gracias es por eso de lo del pico de gallo no le doy cinco estrellas pero si es buena comida me gusta gracias.Tamalex, what can I say about the greatest Mexican restaurant in Philadelphia!! I would say to start by ordering an Al Pastor Cemita or a Tamalex Special if you are feeling really hungry, both with leave you extremely full and happy, then finish your meal off with a Tres Leches Cake slice or some Flan for a delectable mealCloser to Honduran food, but wonderful.
Make those taste buds scream with satisfaction!!!!This place is very authentic and the food is reasonably priced. Their tamales and weekend soups (posole and menudo) are as good as they get. They are always super busy but the service is spot on. If you're looking for a satisfying and delicious meal, come here! Small business with amazing food!Fantastic, authentic Mexican food and kind service. They also give really good tortilla chips and salsa to start. Prices range from about $8 to $15 per entree.
The ambiance is not fancy--this is a casual neighborhood spot.Five stars based on price performance. The food is very, very good - far beyond cost. As others have said - extremely fresh and well prepared. We ordered delivery which took about 1 hr.
The enchilada verde was great. Spicy. On the side, rice, beans, avacado, and cheese made for a serious meal. The chicken burrito was equally good, but didn't have the sides. Tacos al pastor were generously heaped with pork. The nachos w/ pork and guacamole were good.Very good place. They have pupusas so that prettt much settles it. I'd rate their pupusas at about 7/10 which is good, but there was another place in Philly that had slightly better ones.
But in important news they usually have really great agua Fresca. Also their normal meals are just really tasty. Also it's cheap.
Yay Tamalex!Went there for the pupusas, but then realized they made other food incredibly well! Everything is very tasty and they can accommodate vegetarians/vegans easily. 
This week I used them to cater a party. It was very affordable, a wonderful mix of food, and plenty of it! Everyone was very full and very happy. 
Eat in, take out, have them cater your next event - you will not be disappointed!This place is just too good to ignore. I order their chicken enchiladas verdes at least once a week.. but everything is wonderful and ultimate comfort food. The staff is also super friendly.This place is the shiz. 
Best El Salvadorian food I've had since I've gotten to Philly, and I've explored a whole bunch of Mexican/Honduran/El Salvadorian places all over Philly. It's so good that I've been back 3 times in the past 3 weeks, and this place isn't exactly close to my Grad Hospital abode. 
Have started with my old standbys: burritos, tacos, etc, etc. Ginormous, flavorful, though the burritos for me are not quite up to par of Veracruzana/Los Gallos. Wanting to break out of the usual, I've since gone for the baleadas (refried beans, cheese, avocado, egg), plantains w/ sour cream and cheese (best I've had since I left my favorite Cuban restaurant in Boston behind), pupusas (usually pork and cheese filling). Enchiladas are great as well. 
Will report back once I try their stews that look amazing. 
Everything is cheap and delicious. Diggin' the awesome decor on the walls and the general neighborhood joint atmosphere. Soccer on the TV, Fanta in the fridge. What more could you ask for?This place is amazing. The food was fantastic, and I loved how spicy the sauces were. They definitely didn't hold back on the heat. 
I knew this place was authentic because I saw a lot of locals just by one sitting. 
Do yourself a favor and go here as soon as possible. It's awesome.Best Mexican food I've had in philly. Best prices. That enchilada dish is just  for $10. It's hard to not eat here every day. Really.Legit & authentic. Don't need to say much more. My new favorite place.Great spot for authentic Mexican...The staff were so nice...giving us great recommendations for a wonderful lunch...
Taco platter, with nepales...so great...
Homemade fruit juices...We picked cantaloupe, and it was fabulous...
Guacamole was outstanding...
Been back twice so far!!I went to eat at Tamalex last night with my husband. It was the first time I had eaten in the restaurant in about 3 years.  The special I ate, beef medallion, was excellent.  My husband at the consomé, which was also delicious.  
I started coming to Tamalex back when it was Gallo Pinto, a small Honduran cafe with a store.  Ownership changed, and I went to eat there with my son.  We were basically ignored for over an hour, which was a huge turn off.  I swore I would never eat again in the restaurant, but my husband and I ordered takeout on a constant basis.  The food was always consistently delicious  and affordable even though ordering, whether in Spanish or English, was sometimes confusing and difficult.
I want to congratulate Tamalex on growing into something better than it was before.  Our server was accommodating, and you can get dishes here that really aren't served in other places.  We will definitely be back for more.The Torta Cubana was fantastic. I'll admit though...my stomach wasn't feeling the best afterwards - I'll give them another try though. Not sure if that was me or the sandwhich. It was huge. Enough for two whole meals. 
The salsa that comes with the chips (gratis) is actually pretty spicy... it's verde and quite tasty.
The price was right! $8.50 and I was pleasantly stuffed with leftovers.I don't live in the city, so every time I compromise and go somewhere closer for my Mexican food, I immediately regret not driving into the city for my Tamalex. Quite simply, it's the best there is in the Philadelphia area. The salsa is spicy and perfect, the enchiladas are spot on, the beans are great, and the tamales are out of this world. I have never had anything less than a fantastic experience at Tamalex. LOVE LOVE LOVE! I'm already looking forward to going there for my birthday dinner in September!This place is our go-to Mexican restaurant. We've eaten in the restaurant and have ordered take out many times. Since I first reviewed it we discovered that the guacamole is made to order and we can get it without jalapenos for my husband, who can't eat spicy food. The chips, which are exceptional, are made by the restaurant.
We highly recommend this place.Easily the best guacamole I have ever had anywhere, and it's not even on the menu.  Everything I have had is beyond words and everyone who I have taken there has been a little unsure of the place as they walked in but have been in love with the place after the meal.  Menu is mostly in Spanish but the staff is more than happy to explaining anything.I have the say the food is top notch, this has been my go to place for burritos. The only negative I have to give this place is the customer service. When I came in to order food, the staff just stared and didn't approach me for quite some time. That'll make you feel awkward!Our first mexican restaurant choice was closed bc of electricity problems so we ended up here.  It was a pleasant surprise.  They started with tortilla chip which were nice a crispy.  
I ordered the enchiladas with verde sauce which came in a large portion with rice and beans and it was SO DELICIOUS.  I can't remember how much but it was not expensive.  
I would love to go back here and try something different.My girlfriend and I ended up here after Taco Loco were Taco Dickos to us. I'm really glad that they were, because this place rocked! Everything was fresh, my chorizo torta put me in a food coma, and the service was great. I can't wait to get hungry again so I can eat here again.Este es un donde comemos muchas veces pero apenas pedí un delivery y tardó más de una hora, cuando recibimos la comida esta frío y muy aguada, los sopes se partían en pedazos y la lechuga estaba café, creo que deberían poner otras personas que puedan ayudarles a llevar la comida para que sea mejor servicio, y mejorar las salsas!!!!The tacos are authentic, just what you would expect...not a bunch of fluff, just well seasoned meat, onions, parsley and a splash of lime. I also ordered the pupusas. They did not disappoint!! They are huge and could have been an entire meal by themselves. All in all, great food, truly authentic!This spot knows how to thrown down some Honduran authenticity! My friend's family (happen to be Honduran) took me here because it is the only place to "do it right." I never had the cuisine at a restaurant so I was blown away when our dishes, shared and individual ones, came out. 
The ingredients are fresh. The hot sauce is slamming. It is affordable. The papusas are a NECESSITY at this point y'all. 
South Philly is such a gem for the amazing cuisines hiding within! Give this place a try!Had a great experience eating here. The service was quick and friendly. The eating area is limited so you may not get a table quick, but takeout option is just as good if you call ahead. I had the enchiladas, they have choice of chicken or beef but we requested to substitute beans instead. Very good food and would definitely recommend.Foremost, I'll give it the best out of the South Philadelphia places (They have a style, which is super similar place to place. The style for me is still not really my favorite). Service A+. Our waitress was excellent, she spoke English and it was definitely a bonus. Now I'll start running down the table order to give you an idea of what was the deciding factors. I started out with Nachos with Chicken Tinga, and they were flat out awesome. I really did enjoy them, I thought the tinga was very good not overly spicy. The chips were fresh and tasty. I also ordered a chicken Tinga gordita. Had I not found a hair in it (which I am not that big of a stickler over) I would've given the place a 4.5, but there has to be at least a half point deduction because it's something nobody wants to happen. Back to the positives, the gordita was enormous, greasy, crispy, and pretty good. Not my favorite gordita but they didn't cut any corners filling it up. We also had an order of pupusas. In my opinion they were a little too corny, not enough cheesy. I really prefer a pupusa to have a good amount of cheese. I probably wouldn't order them again. The curtido with the pupusas was also kind of forgettable. I will definitely keep this place in the wheelhouse because it was good. In the future maybe I'll try some different things as they are not completely limited to just Mexican fare.Might be some of the best Mexican I've ever had. Tamalex has become one of my favorite places in Philly.
I really recommend the chicken fajitas. Also, the corn fungus appetizer is incredible. 
The staff is always extremely friendly and accommodating.I can't believe that I haven't reviewed this place. I've been here an embarrassingly large amount of times - there are weeks where my boyfriend and I go twice (though the record was actually four). But their menu is so extensive that even if you went every day of the week, you wouldn't get tired of it. Some of my favorites are the squash blossom quesadilla, chicken enchiladas with green sauce, the veggie burrito, and pretty much any variety of their tacos. They don't take the shortcut with any of the dishes and the prices are unbelievably affordable. So run, don't walk, over to Tamalex and prepare to waddle out.Tamalex is a hole in the wall Mexican/Central American restaurant that dishes up economically priced tasty traditional food in south Philly. The tacos are always good, my favorite are the al pastor. I love the red salsa that comes with the free chips...it goes great on anything you order. Also, do yourself a favor and try the Honduran baleadas for breakfast, brunch...hell they are good anytime of the day! I would pass on the carnitas tacos as there was too much fat in the pork for my taste.I just been there today because someone recommended  this place. The food was great fresh and tasty I'm from Mexico and this is the first time I taste 100% mexican food  in Philadelphia...I'm just  disappointed with the service..  the waitress is a nice person but she gave me different service just to being Spanish, I saw that every single table got a full service because they are white people except usAfter seeing all of the positive reviews, we thought this would be a great place for some Mexican food. Coming from Southern California, our standards are high and sometimes it's difficult to find good Mexican food here. Sadly, this place didn't measure up. Although it seemed like a cool neighborhood hole-in-the-wall, we were clearly outsiders and treated as so. The waitress wasn't friendly, our orders came out at different times, and the food wasn't very tasty. The rice was plain and flavorless, the beans were watery, flavorless, and seemed old and reheated (Maybe from a can?). The price was reasonable, but I can't say we'll be back. The hunt continues for good Mexican food!I love the food here.  The tacos are so good and the staff is sweet.  I enjoy the Agua frescas too. Nice pave to relaxStopped in for lunch one Summer day - seemed like a bustling spot for construction workers, families from the area either grabbing to go or hanging out for a bit.  Sparse interior and Mexican music videos (large women singing, taking bubble baths) playing on the TV.
Went for the pupusas combo and it was fine - three huge guys and the flavor of these won't blow you away but was a nice texture.  Almost like a crisped up meat pancake I guess.  Worth a try.  Must say it took like 20-25 minutes for them to come out.  It was busy but not THAT busy.  
Also had a horchata which was of course delicioso but freakin' HUGE.  Like literally a bucket.  You know those plastic cups you see in professional kitchens cooks keep sauces in/drink from when it's ungodly hot in there?  Yeah, those.  So good on ya if you're into these kind of portions.  Found the whole thing a bit expensive (~$13 total) to be honest but also that I couldn't finish the pupusas or drink in one sitting so spun it into two meals.  Maybe bring a few of your amigos if you go and do this place family style.Good service, and good food and if you need catering service this is the place to order, they have good prices and they can also deliver the food to your house Ian very happy with this restaurantWe live just 2-1/2 blocks from Tamalex. When we first moved into our new home in August of '13, this place was a Mexican grocery that also served take out. But since then it changed owners and is now a full service restaurant.
They serve Mexican and Honduran food. So far we've only ordered take out, and it always seems to be tamales, because they are the best ones we've found in the area. They make two kinds of tamales (available on the weekend) - Mexican and Honduran. The Honduran tamales take a bit of getting used to, because they are filled with a sort of stew, including bones. 
Their guacamole is very good and fresh, although a bit too spicy-hot for our taste. It is served with light and flavorful homemade tortilla chips.
While waiting for takeout I've seen them making pupuzas ( handmade stuffed and grilled tortillas) that look really delicious. I'll be trying those soon.
Update: As much as I hate to recommend this place so highly, because I don't want it to get so busy that there will be long waits! But it is terrifically good. The food is authentic, EVERYTHING on the menu is made in house, and for soccer enthusiasts, there is usually a soccer game on one of their TVs.
We've now had sit-down dinner, lunch, and breakfast there, besides the dozens of times we have ordered take out. Everything is well-seasoned and delicious. We are often the only Anglos in the place. We've ordered the guac, burittos, enchilladas, gorditas, quesadillas, pambazos, tacos, pupuzas, and chalupas. SWe have never been disappointed.
I can't recommend this place highly enough. It is an outstanding Mexican/Honduran restaurant.Soooooo stoked to have this spot in walking distance. Everything here tastes so fresh and the portions are immense. I was feeling ambitious when I went here with a friend last week, so I ordered the bean pupusas (a rare find here in Philly) AND a veggie burrito. My friend got vegan tacos. I've gotta say, their vegetarian items are spot on. Even my gargantuan appetite was no match for two helpings of homemade chips and salsa, a burrito the size of my face, and a hefty helping of pupusas. I was not expecting to get such a large plate of pupusas! They could arguably be a main course even though I was picturing them in my head as appetizers. I wasn't mad about it though. Who doesn't love leftovers for lunch the next day?
The ingredients taste surprisingly fresh. If you love mushrooms, you will freak out when you eat their veggie tacos or burritos, because the mushrooms in both are plentiful and delicious. The pupusas had a great presentation, served with slaw and a unique dipping sauce. 
Our waitress was nice and attentive with refilling our waters. Even though there was a slight language barrier, she was able to understand my friend's vegan specifications perfectly. 
It's the kind of awesome little spot that makes me so happy that I live in the neighborhood.Absolutely delicious food, best Mexican in Philadelphia, in my opinion.  The Honduran Carne Asada plate is huge and delicious.  In fact, I'd say its the best Mexican/Central American food I've had outside of California.  Nice people that run the place, and the chips are warm, fresh and crisp.Food is sooo fresh and authentic. Reasonably priced too! Parking can be a pain, but the hassle was worth itMy wife and I order from this place two or three times a month due to it's proximity to our house (right around the corner). I think the aspect I like most is the ability to order both Mexican and Salvadoran food from the same spot (seriously, get the al pastor torta and pork & cheese papusas at the same time, you won't regret it). 
The only reason they don't get the full five stars is because the food's not always ready when I go to pick it up and am required to wait an extra five to ten minutes while a creepy dude who's always there I like to refer to as "the happy cowboy" stares at me (someone else has to have seen this guy besides me?).  
Bottom line, check it out and you'll have a great lazy night spot to add to your rotation of takeout spots!Im Impressed by the food it's auténtica comida mexicana, I love it and I really recommend to anybody that loves good foodAwesome authentic Mexican and Honduran food. Fresh food means a little bit of a wait, but it's worth it! Had the pupusas, steak tacos, and homemade Horchata. Plenty of room to sit and eat-in. Lots of delivery and take-out orders, so even if it looks empty, don't expect the food to be super fast.I frequently order takeout from Tamalex, however; tonight I decided to eat in for the first time and I am beyond pleased. The staff is very friendly and the service is quick. I had the El Pastor tacos and my sister had the cheese Pupusas, both were delicious. We were thrilled about the Pupusas because they are rare very rare to come by. 
The best part is how inexpensive the food is. I would recommend this restaurant to anyone in south Philly!Can't say anything bad about this places that's right around the corner from me. 100% authentic food (I think it is Honduran...but I could be wrong). 
So easy to order and they are fast to make the food! My husband and I frequent here not only for the convenience but the good prices and great food! 
We love the tortas, papusas, and the horchata!South Philly people out there!! Let me tell you - Do Not Miss Out This Place!!! Me and my husband took my friend who visited us yesterday based on Yelp reviews and I am so glad we picked this gem! First of all, if you like or care more about fancy dinning environment, this is NOT the place for you. For me what matters is the affordability and authentic food. This is the winner in my mind. It is a family restaurant (yes I really find that it never goes wrong when I choose family restaurant) and I see lots of Mexican people going there. That is a sign of good food there. You just follow the local people ;) 
We took a look at the menu and it blew my mind immediately! This seemly small restaraunt has sooo many Mexican food options. It is not only about nachos or tacos..some dishes I even never heard of before. Since two of us three are vegetarian, we ordered huaraches, veggie fajitas and enchiladas with steak! Man, I was shocked and thrilled by the food portion when the waitress brought the food out! Cannot stop wowing while I had my first bite of my enchiladas!  The most wanted Mexican food I haven't had for a while. I like the flavor of each dish, so rich and juicy at the same time. I defi need to go back and try more dishes on their menu next time. I saw things like pupusas, soup stew some interesting drinks. Bravos to this place and I wish they keep up making amazing food. I will be BACK I promise!!
Please just go and dine there... I bet you will not regret.I was really looking forward to the pupusas alas they were a bit disappointing. Kind of bland. Their refried beans could use more flavor. Awesome quesadilla was the high point. 
I love Chipotle but my mouth knows the difference between polite gringo  flavors and the real deal. I was hoping for more of the real deal. Like any local spot you go because the community is well represented there "authentic" dining experience. I'll be back to give it another shot.good food is a little hard to find now a day's but not here! Always soccer on and they have horchata which is impossible to get. Very big plates for a good price. I would not think twice about going here, just go!This place is gnarly. They store their meat on the floor.A great small place located in South Philly that serves reasonable Mexican food. My supervisor raved about this place and my co workers and I decided to come to Tamalex restaurant for some good ole lunch.
We all arrived at Tamalex on a hot Sunny day, we were greeted by our friendly waiter who took all of our orders. I decided to get the chorizo tacos and fries, while my co workers decided to get the chicken burrito. I was also encouraged to try the horchata drink  which was very delicious. The drink was huge and my supervisor informed to me that it consist of sesame seeds, rice, vanilla cinnamon and other spices, I personally thought the drink taste like the milk from my favorite cinnamon toast crunch cereal. When my chorizo tacos came out they were spicy and also delicious and my fries were crispy and crunchy.
Overall a small restaurant that consist of a friendly staff and affordable food, everything I believe was like 12.00 and under. Parking is so so if you drive around for a while, you'll probably find a good parking space. I'll definitely return if I'm in the mood for good quality Mexican food!I go here several times a month. The best tacos in Philly hands down. It's a small restaurant, no fancy decor but the food is amazing. They offer take out which is nice especially on weekends when it's hard to get a table here. Prices are reasonable.Came here to accompany my mom the other day and to her the food was great but the waitress was not attentive. She came and left in the middle of the order.... That to me was bad! Otherwise for her she liked it.I ordered here late one night while watching the fights.  The chicken nachos and tacos really hit the spot, and not in a terrible, junk food way.  They were prepared well, had quality ingredients, and delivered relatively late.  I can only comment on the take out, but I would definitely order or visit again.I eat their enchiladas verde, 3-4 times a week.  My butt hole wishes I was exaggerating.  By far my favorite spot in the city.