Best Thai food in the city. I had the chicken pad Thai which was fantastic and my fiancé had the sesame ginger curry (chicken and shrimp) which was outstanding. Will def get Thai food only from Tamarind from now on.Cute menus, nice atmosphere, great loaction.  
The Chicken Tom Gah soup didn't impress the pants off me; couldn't taste the galangal or lemongrass at all.  
I split a Yum Woodsen salad with a friend, but instead of shrimp we asked for beef instead, and it was fabulous.  Fresh veggies, delicious beef, and excellent dressing.  
For entrees, we split the Tamarind Spicy Noodles with chicken (not very spicy, but I was happy that way), which was delicious.  We also split the Pad Kee Mao, which was also very flavorful and tasty, though I personally could have used a touch more basil (I loves me some Thai basil!).
I didn't order the Som Tom because the menu says it's made with cabbage instead of green papaya... and that ain't how I rolllll, yo.
I originally was gonna rate it a 3 (mostly because I was disappointed with the attempted cabbage fake-out and the meh tom kha gai), but I had a change of heart... everything else was yummy.
Rock on.If you like Thai food, definitely go to Tamarind. Extensive menu with a nice assortment of soups. Whenever I go to a Thai restaurant for the first time I always have the Pad Thai. I mean, if you can't do a good Pad Thai you will probably fail miserably in the rest. Very delicate with the right amount of fish sauce and tamarind.
Service is good and the restaurant is not pricey. Highly recommended!Two words:  Veggie friendly!  And without losing any of the essential Thai flavors.  Loved this place for solid, right on, perfectly spicy and delectable Thai food.  Small casual place where it's all about quality food!  The menu is huge and all the typical Thai dishes are great.  Loved the papaya salad, green curry, vegetable radna, and fresh summer rolls. BYOB.Affordable! Delicious! BYOB!
I got the vegetarian pad thai. It came with broccoli and zucchini which was a little strange but still delicious. My only complaint is that they had no Thai desserts. I'm not sure if it is a seasonal thing but I was really hoping for some mango sticky rice or durian ice cream and all they had were different types of truffles.Staff are friendly and helpful. Foods are tasty, many choices, reasonable price. But Tom Yum can be make it better (I think). Recommend to make a reservation in advance due to limited tables. Parking can be easy to find on the street. Definitely will come back again.Just A-OK as a 3 implies. I'd come back only out of convenience because I live nearby but not because the food is spectacular. Hmm... this is the third Thai restaurant I've tried in Philly and unfortunately, it's just not like home! 
The good: BYOB. Decor is cute. Staff is very friendly and attentive. Also, dishes were decent priced at around $10-15 per entree and $3-8 for appetizers. They have spiciness levels from 1 - 7. Stick with around 2 or 3 if you're scared and ask them to bring you extra chile. 
The OK: The Pad Thai was not bad. It had everything Pad Thai should have but something seemed missing. The noodles also tasted a little undercooked. The mussels were decent but I don't think worth the price (it came out to a dollar/mussel).
The bad: One of my things to judge a Thai restaurant is to get Panang Curry because it's my favorite. First off, it was very watery and needed some thickness to it. The curry sauce itself was salty and I could really taste the fish sauce for some reason (I don't even know if they add fish sauce usually).  I got this with beef and felt that the beef should've been thicker. Also, the carrots just didn't give it the right taste I was looking for. Maybe it was the size of everything. Big veggies and small meat equals a no no!  
Also, they seem to be pretty busy on a Saturday night so you may want to call in and make reservations just in case. Overall, I saw some really good entrees come out for other people so I wouldn't mind coming back and giving it another try.I can't recall the last time I had Thai food. And I love a good Thai meal. And good BYO, and a decently priced restaurant.  Enter Tamarind.
Quinn lives around the corner for this spot and had never tried it out. It was a perfect spot for us to hit before catching a movie. Before dinner, I did some research and found that a riesling is probably the best wine pairing for Asian food. I picked one up that wasn't too fruity, yet had enough flavor to compliment the relatively big tastes served up by Tamarind.
We only had a short wait on a Friday night. Once inside, we were seated quickly and the impeccable service began immediately. Before we have even settled down at our table they took our bottle of win and brought it back in a wine chiller. The atmosphere is nothing special, but enjoyable enough. It's a good place to grab food, but you're not going to impress anyone here either.
The menu offers a lot of different choices, and I could be happy eating here a few times without repeating anything. We split appetizers of the chicken spring roll and steamed dumplings to start out. Both of these offered a lot of different flavors, and they were excellent renditions of standard dishes. Neither did anything new or exciting, they were just good. And I like that.
Shortly after we finished our first course, the mains showed up. The first was a Tamarind Spicy Noodle dish with pork. I liked this a lot; with the pork stir-fried with red pepper and large noodles. It was the heavier of the two dishes we ordered. It was good, but the real star of the meal was Pad Wonsoon. it's a rendition of a standard Pad Thai dish, with chicken and shrimp.  Overall, it's very tasty, with the dish complimented by glass noodles.
Bottom Line: Tamarind is not breaking new ground, but they understand their food and craft well.  There's so much to like about Tamarind. It's not going to change your life, but they provide great Thai dishes at reasonable prices and a BYOB to boot.I've had this place bookmarked for so long and I finally went.
The food is great. I was a bit bummed my Beef Pad Thai didn't come with more meat, but the sauce and quality were great.
This place is byob which is cool. Prices are great.
The inside could use some more character.
Overall, I'll be returning.I had a big group of 15 here last night, and they accommodated us very well. They quickly got our beer on ice and opened our wine. (It's a BYOB which makes it fantastic!) Our bill only came to about $240 after the tip was included for the entire party! The food was great and didn't take too long to come out. The food is seriously spicy if you ask for it to be spicy! However, some in our party don't do spice at all, and their food turned out great too!AMAZING.
I always come to Philly to eat here, and i always crave it.
The chef is also the nicest woman ever. She is also super talented. My favorites are the Pad Thai, Yum Beef and Duck Chu che. I've eaten thai food from all around the states, but this is my favorite.
Would recommend !!Not a ton of ambiance--stark lighting, not the cleanest bathrooms, sort of a strip-mall storefront feeling.
However, the duck panang curry was unspeakably amazing, and was generous enough for two.Good but not great. Better foods and flavors can be had elsewhere in the city but this location on South street was a bonus since we were hitting the Ritz afterwards. The decor could use some refreshing. Maybe a new coat of paint, cleaner table cloths, and carpet could be cleaned. I probably won't go back unless someone else were to suggest it. A little too pricey for what you get, food and atmosphere combined.I come here about once a week for my green curry fix. I always order the green curry with chicken. Like one reviewer said, it is like crack. It is so delicious. It is very spicy for me though (a bit of a spice wuss), so I usually ask for it to be made a little more mild. It is a generous serving, and it comes with rice. 
I haven't gone to any other Thai places for green curry because I'm always afraid I'll be disappointed. Tamarind has the best meals, I feel, because the vegetables served with it are always fresh and cooked perfectly (not soggy). I appreciate fresh crispy, not over cooked vegetables and value this highly about Tamarind's food. 
I have also had the chicken cooked isaan style. I did not like it, but it came with yummy sticky rice. The chicken was dry, though. 
I've also had the crispy angel appetizers. They're really cheap and tasty.
Service is always attentive and friendly. Never had a bad time here. Five stars for the green curry and service!First time here. Right on south street in Philly located right in the hustle and bustle of this iconic South Philly street. I learned of this place from my girlfriend and had previously had some of her food before but I must admit I had had a few drinks so wasnt sure if it was really that good or if it was just the alcohol. Well being completely sober this time around I can confirm it is in fact that good. The restaurant itself is average sized and very simple. You are not coming here for the decor or atmosphere. The service was a bit lacking for us being the only customers in the restaurant at the time so I would have expected more attentive service but I am willing to let this slide as they treated me to the absolute best calamari I've ever had. It was our appetizer and was clean and crispy. Evenly friend and light. The dip they provided was amazing..took my mouth for a ride every time. For the entree I got the Pad Thai. They asked if I wanted any spices and peanuts but being an Asian cuisine rookie I said no. But my GF who is much more of a foodie said yes. She made the right choice. The Pad Thai plain is just ok but add in the spice and peanuts and its quite good and flavorful and not too spicy. If you get the veggie version as my GF did your in for a treat. The broccoli in the dish was the best I've ever had. No exagerration. Overall, I definitely recommend a visit its reasonably priced, good portion sizes and very good. Just don't bring a date for the ambiance. Just the food.For me, the best Thai in Philly!  I come here once a week, at the minimum, and enjoy the
Ginger Lover's Salmon, the Pra gong salad, and Pad Thai.  Simply delicious!  And very friendly staff!  Highly recommended.I don't even know where to start! This place was amazing. My friend and I stopped here for take-out and the service was wonderful. Everyone was so nice and the food is TO DIE FOR. Well, at least the drunken noodles were. The best drunken noodles I have ever had.Some great Thai food, and you can't beat the price! I have never gotten Panang curry for less than $10 at dinner, and here it was a very reasonable $8.95. Not only was it affordable, it was quite delicious! Definitely recommended if you find yourself on South Street and need some Thai!Food was delicious!! Make a reservation for the weekend bc they are busy. Ps. If you order your dish spicy, IT IS TRULY SPICY!! The restaurant is also BYOB which is always great! I would definitely come back hereThe best Thai food in the South Street area. The food at this restaurant is way better than both Pad Thai and Aqua, other area Thai/ Malaysian eateries. They have reasonable prices and they will make your food anywhere from mild to Thai hot. Perfect blend of spices and flavor.If you're walking past this restaurant on an empty stomach, you're doing yourself a disservice. 
A few reviews question how Tamarind has such good reviews, but don't let this discourage you, because these "bad" reviews are outshined by the many amazing ratings Tamarind receives, and they deserve no less.
I came here on a date with my girl friend. We started with the calamari. They were larger than normal squid sectionals fried perfectly and paired with what I believe was a sweet and sour dipping sauce. It's exactly what calamari needs to be, crispy and flavorful (sauce).
Then came our separate appetizers. I went with the steamed crab dumplings. They might have looked simple and innocent, but they definitely packed a meaningful, flavorful bite. I would definitely get these again.
Them came the entree, I went with the Pad Kee Mao with beef. Upon first bite, my taste buds soared to another dimension of flavor. I fell in love. The spice factor for this dish was on point. It wasn't overbearing and complimented the dish wonderfully. The noodles were done perfectly and the basil sauce was addicting.  The portion size was very generous and I walked home happily knowing I had some amazing left-overs to look forward to.
To top it off (BYOB!!), the service here was quick, sweet, and attentive. There are so many other dishes I look forward to trying and I will definitely be back.What a great find! We had great food and service in this lovely little restaurant in a quiet portion of South Street. The spring rolls really were amazing and the crispy fried won tons were light as air. I would have considered the meal an unqualified success if the entrees had been only fair, but they were equally delicious -- Rad Na and a grilled chicken with sticky rice. We will definitely come back for more!uThis is by far my favorite thai restaurant in the city. Their space is small and comfortable and usually don't have a hard time getting a table on any give day except wkend dinner. 
It's BYOB which is always a plus and the girls are always accommodating. 
I've been here numerous times when I'm craving authentic and flavorful thai food and my number one go-to is Chu Chee duck.
It comes with a side of white rice and steamed veggies.
It's such a hearty and plentiful dish but all the flavors are beyond balanced. 
You can also choose your level of spiciness with everything on the menu. 
This dish is sliced crispy duck with the most tender meat. 
Duck may be hard to eat but these flavors make it taste better than pork beef or chicken.
You can't go wrong with anything on this menu especially their appetizers beef salad and all of their currys !! 
One of the gems of the city !This restaurant is a fantastic little place at the end of South Street. I used Yelp to find it and was extremely excited to go check it out since it received so many good reviews. I'm going to be 100% honest- the Yelpers didn't lie, Tamarind is absolutely fantastic!!!!
The food was amazing and very reasonably priced. There is a "scale of hotness" for people who like a little (or a lit) of kick to their meal. I had their version of Drunken Noodles with chicken at a hot scale of 5 (the hottest being at 7). Originally, I was going to go with a 6, but the waiter talked me out of it- and thank God for that because the 5 was pretty damn spicy.
If you're looking for a good Thai place, I'd definitely check out Tamarind....oh, and it's BYOB- even more of a reason to go!!! 
Great food, great service, great time!Overall, great food and decent service.  However as a BYOB you always get an extra nudge in my book.
Menu
Fish Cakes- very good!  Crispy on the outisde with a mushy filling on the inside.  The sauce that comes along with is especiially good. Comes with five so good to share
Thai Sausage- good, kind of dry bt helps with the spicy sauce.  WOuld not suggest.
Tamarind Noodles- very good, definitely a plainer meal to get especially if you are in the mood for just noodles.  Chicken was a great choice to go with.
Duck Panang Curry- although duck is not an option for curries they definitely can do it and wow you should try it!  Huge amount of cripsy duck with the curry.  The veggies were eh- just some carrots and green beans.  NEEDS MORE SAUCE- The curry was great but nto enough to dip the duk and rice.
White  Rice-very small amount rice. Use sparingly
We brought sake with and when they warmed up in the back OMG HOT.  It was too hot to touch and almost burned us.  They were able to find sake glasses however.
Overall, would go back if in the mood for Thai and in the areaThis place is awesome..Low key, friendly service, great tasting Thai food. I always get the salmon chu chee (~$16).  This dish is unreal..sweet, savory, rich orange curry with pineapple and fresh crisp veggies. The salmon is grilled to perfection. I order a side of rice noodles instead of rice which I find soaks up the sauce even better. Byob is also a plus. 
If your in the head house area of Philadelphia go check this place out!I invariably get pad thai at every thai place I go.  I just love it when it is good.  This was one of the more disappointing ones I've had in the city.Food is decent. To me not great. But, still a savory meal. Thought the salmon tasted boiled which I don't like it cooked that way.  Would try here for Thai but also consider other restaurants.I read reviews before buying or going to places. I believe in reviews. This restaurant is what all restaurant should be. Friendly staff, clean bathroom and the food, the appetizer and the dessert were very good. Areas of improvement? I can't think of one. We had a group of 11 people and everyone was VERY pleased.Tried others--best Thai around.  Wish they delivered!Seriously the best meal I've had in a long time! Food comes out piping hot and so flavorful. We've already been back and both myself and my husband loved our first meal so much that we ordered the exact same thing again! Pad Kee Mao and Sauteed Ginger Curry!low key, kind of dark..not much atmosphere but lots of vegetarian choices..I had the tofu veggie pad thai, steamed crab dumplings, and veg. spring rolls..very affordable, quick service, there was only I think 1 other party in the restaurant besides our group.i like this place.  it's really cute on south street and really good thai food (not as great as lemon grass though).  i love their squid.  so good.Decent Thai food, but don't forget to tell the waiter how spicy you want your food! We had different levels of spiciness in the dishes we ordered - some too bland and some just right. I really like the location of the restaurant on the nicer end of South St.; the pier is within walking distance (but pretty loud with all the traffic from 676 and 95).Tamarind serves quality Thai food.  When I'm completely exhausted after work, I love just walking over & ordering the Pad Thai to go.  I know that in less than 10 minutes, I'll have a good sized portion of yummy pad thai in my hands.  
I've eaten there a few times too and their service is decent.  The fried tofu & chicken sate are good starters.  
Overall -- there is nothing extraordinary about Tamarind (the food or decorations) but you'll definitely won't go away hungry or unsatisfied.Something is up with the Yelp ordering system because I placed a take out order for Chicken Pad Thai with no egg and I got home and opened it to find Shrimp/tofu Pad Thai with no egg instead. Apparently the restaurant cannot see the choice of meat selected on their end so they give shrimp as a default. Bummer, but the restaurant was nice about it and said they would refund my order. It was yummy but not the most amazing Pad Thai I've ever had, BUT I haven't found anything better in the city yet! I would order again when my thai food craving strikes.Amazing, great flavors, good find on south st. Recommend calamari n tom yum soup to start.My meal here was completely accidental. I was walking by with my cousin and we just decided to grab dinner.
We got the thai iced teas. Crab cake and springroll appetizers. I enjoyed the crabcake patty but it was a bit chewy..more like crab by product than crabmeat. The spring roll, I would get the veggie next time. We got the chicken because of my meat loving cousin. Maybe we should have just gotten that satays.
She got the pad thai. You can't go wrong with the pad thai. I got something with tilapia, shrimp and scallops in a coconut curry sauce. I enjoyed the flavor but my tilapia was under cooked in my humble opinion.
I think what they did was cook briefly it in the hot sauce and hoped the rest of the heat (from the sauce) would complete the cooking process (afterall it's just fish and fish cooks pretty fast) by the time it got to me. FAIL!
I took a few bites around the sauce and I wrapped the rest home and rewarmed/recooked it on my stove. I couldn't trust that the scallops were cooked either. 
I'm a bit paranoid about raw food, if I ordered it to be cooked, then I want it cooked. If I wanted it raw, I would have ordered sushi.Seems there's a big debate on here about how good this place actually is. I've never been to Thailand so I can't speak for the authenticity but my taste buds love it here.
We love spicy food. And Tamarind delivers. We love the dumplings and I would bathe in the sauce if I could. The Penang curry is one of the best I've ever had -- not too much spice but tons of flavor, richness, and complexity. We also find that the protein dishes are not just chicken or steak or pork dumped into a sauce but it tastes like they've been marinating in sauce and have their own flavors.
And this review is solely for pick up; so it's impressive that the food is this good when you pick it up and it's another 20 minutes until you get home and eat it.
It's one of our go to Thai restaurants in the city. No matter what other yelpers say...If you love Thai Northeastern (Esan) style food, this is a place to go. All Esan dishes (i.e. Esan far away, Laab, Papaya salad) are fantastic. Their Esan food is much better than Viantiane cafe in Ucity (which has gone down since they changed the chef.)
However, other dishes are so bland. We tried Somsak's secret scallops - a big disappointment, overcooked scallops, nothing special,  just a oyster sauce. 
BYOB is a big plus!I don't know what you are looking for in Thai dishes, but as for me, I love panang curries (because stir fry, I can do, curries I only cook when I have more time).  My dish was pretty good.  I came in a big group and other guests bought side dishes that were great!  I was impressed with the calamari -- it wasn't chewy at all, totally melted in my mouth as I like cooked squid to do.  Scallops were soft and mmm mmm good.  I love the thai iced tea.  I hope to visit again.This place is the worst. Its the reason why i just got yelp on my phone so i can tell every one how bad it was for me.I asked what was the biggest and best thing on the menu and was told it was the deep fried fish at market price.So when i got the fish i ate the little bit of veggies around the fish and started to go at the fish and finished one side of the whole fish in three tiny fork fulls.There was no meat at all on the bones at all.So after i figured out that there was nothing to eat on this fish i asked for the server to let her know that i was not happy with my order.They told me because i ate half of the fish that had nothing on it in they could not do anything for me but would give me a pad thai so i agreed.When i got my bill they charged me "Market Price"for the fish less fish. $23 bucks! I was had! So i payed $23 buck for pad thai that was burnt and just plain sucked! Hope you never go to this place.Never will i!The green curry tasted like something out of a can. My friend had the pad Thai which was too sweet.This restaurant is very clean, cozy, and has a nice romantic vibe to it. The service here is very pleasant and attentive. The decor is very fitting and is kept simple. Tamarind is also set in a really great location. South Street has many things to see or do before and after your meal. 
The food here is average Thai food. It is a great choice for anyone who is curious about the cuisine and wants to try it. The portions are decent; anything you order will most likely fill you up, especially if it is an entree such as curry or meat since it will come with rice. I strongly suggest their curries. Pro tip: pour it over your rice and it is the perfect combination of strong flavor and a filling, textured portion of rice to ensure that you are full. They complement each other! The pad thai here is delicious; you can't go wrong with such a typical thai dish. 
The one thing I must say that if you are sharing appetizers, the portions are very small. I ordered the fried calamari with 3 of my friends. We each had 2 or 3 bites at most. It's fine for an appetizer, but I was just hoping there'd be a bit more since they were small pieces. However, it did prevent me from filling myself up before enjoying my main entrees, so no major complaints.
The plates here are triangular and colorful. Not a significant detail, but it just enhances the decor a little bit with such touches.
It is a BYOB restaurant!
Overall, great place for dinner with a couple of friends, a cozy date, and even a larger group (I saw a huge family walk in and the servers quickly pushed together a couple of tables to accommodate them!)
I strongly recommend trying this place out if you have a thai craving while walking through South Street!This place did not disappoint! Great food and friendly service. Had the yellow curry chicken. Check out the tiny bathrooms!Lovely little Thai joint with a great selection for vegetarians.  As a BYOB with very modest prices for very good food, this is a fabulous and cozy little date spot.  They'll really make your curry extra extra spicy if you ask, which is great if you're like me and like to be tortured by your food.I am always looking to find a good Thai place in the city because I don't like to cook as much. I am not Thai but the spices use in Thai food is very similiar to Cambodian dishes. Overall, I can say that Tamarind is a great place. The place is quite small and the wait can be a hassle. I recommend making reservations before you head out there. It is a BYOB so that is a plus, and the service is great!
Menu - they have a level of spices that you can choose from and I love spicy food! I enjoy the duck curry but the last time that I was there it was a bit too salty. But, you can't go wrong with any of the curry dishes.one of the best pad thai dishes I've found in Philly, and plenty of veggies options!Small place and long wait. Decent price for okay food. It's BYOBTaramind is an excellent Thai restaurant. We feel its the best in Philadelphia. We've tried others, but none reach the level of Tamarind when they are on... My only compaint is variability. The food ranges from good-average one out four visits to drink-the-sauce delicious the other three.I have to say, having been to Thailand recently, this restaurant reminds me the most of the food I had there. I've been a few times now and LOVED everything I have had.  The duck is divine.Tamarind has been on my radar for quite awhile. A place that's been open for years has to be good right?
As a Thai beef salad fanatic, I've been lost since Thai Garden East closed eons ago.  Other places have made the dressing too sweet, not enough spice.
I kick myself for not trying it sooner - even at a 5, I finally found spicy!!  In fact, all 6 of my family members were impressed - definitely going back there again soon!!Service is very excellent and food is really good.  They have varying levels of spice and i love to eat very spicy so it was great!  I usually am just ok with Thai food but the food here and sauces were an experience especially for the prices as it is much more at many other restaurants so the value proposition is huge with great food!Excellent Thai food. Great customer service 
I was there with my sisters family. We had all vegetarian dish so can't comment on meat dish. My nephews loved the foodIt was OK.  First off, we had a reservation, which we definitely didn't need on a Tuesday night, but they had a table ready for us right next to another couple who was essentially blocking off one side of our table.  It didn't make sense to me when only one other table was in use.  
The food was okay.  I've had wayyyyy better Tom Khah soups.  I asked for it at a level 4 (out of 7) and it wasn't spicy at all.  Then about 3 minutes after the waitress brought the soup out, she gave me a dish with the chilis on it.  Wasn't impressed.  
We also had their roasted duck with veggies and Pad Kee Mao.  The duck was good, just not special.  I really enjoyed the Pad Kee Mao, but it definitely wasn't enough to bring me back.  I might check it out again because I always believe I should try a place twice (unless it absolutely stunk the first time).The only Thai place I've been to in Philly and I really like it. You have to order Thai Tea with your meal or you're not doing it right.
The chicken pad Thai is the best, especially with extra limes/lemons.We popped in here on a trip to Philly...I was craving Thai something fierce and all of a sudden this place popped up in front of us.  It was crowded on a rainy Saturday night, a good sign, but there was no wait for a table - even better!
We started with the spring rolls (great) and then split vegetable green curry and shrimp pad thai.  I wish I had read the reviews first! This place was SUPER SPICY!  In Pittsburgh I usually order 9 or 10 and they refuse to make it hot enough.  However, we ordered 6 on their scale of 7 and could hardly make it through the food! I know - that's my problem, not theirs! Though the burning overpowered my experience (they were quick to refill our water glasses, though I guess water doesn't help anyway)  I can say that it was tasty and well-made, with good ingredients.  Portions are on the smaller side, which is not to say that it's not a good value or that you'll be hungry afterwards, but that you can get an appetizer too and not have to worry about lugging leftovers around.
The bathrooms are also funny, considering that I am 5'4" and could hit my head on the ceiling of the ladies' room standing on my tippy toes!  That's not a negative, though - this is a humble, cozy and welcoming place.  I'd go back next time I'm hungry on South St. - and order a 5.Go here.
Finally checked this place out after noticing a Thai restaurant by my place.  Checked out the reviews and it looked great.  It did not disappoint.  We had the chicken, beef, and shrimp satay, the pad Thai, and the green chili with a spicy level of 4.  (It goes 0-7)  I was warned by previous reviews that it may be unbearable over 4, I think I could have took it up to a 5 comfortably, but it was spicy.  The spice didn't linger though, have a drink of water (or white wine) and it was gone.  Satay was typical, Pad Thai was as expected, green chili was phenomenal.  Go here for the delicious spicy torture most places are afraid to serve.  Total bill was $35, we brought a bottle of wine.  This place is awesome.I love this place. I have been going there for years, and the food just keeps getting better and better! That place is hands down, the best thai restaurant in philadelphia. It is a BYOB, and very affordable. You can have dinner for two for 20 bucks. It is also vegetarian friendly. The service is great!Grab that bottle of Sauvigon Blanc or Reisling and get to Tamarind.
The thing I love most about the Philly dining scene are the BYOB restaurants that dot the city's food landscape. These restaurants offer you the best chance to have a great bottle of wine with your meal without the crazy markup. Tamarind, offers delightfully delicious Thai food to cozy up to your choice of crisp white wine.
Tamarind offers two authentic styles of Thai cooking Bangkok and Isan style.  Isan is a style of cooking that is focused on chilies and sticky rice with the meal and comes from the North Eastern part of the country.  The menu is filled with stars, superstars and some misses. 
One miss was the Crispy Angel ($2.95) appetizer, which claims to be chicken and shredded carrot wrapped in a wonton and deep fried. Served with Sweet Chili Sauce. It's basically crispy won tons with a dipping sauce. The filling for the wrappers was MIA. I recommend sticking with the Chicken or Beef Sate ($4.95) delish meat on a stick with a tangy peanut sauce or Steamed Veggie Dumplings ($4) that come with a wonderful spicy dipping sauce. 
Superstars on the menu include the Pad Kee Mao Noodles (aka: Drunken Noodles) with Chicken ($9.95) or Shrimp ($13.95). This staple thai dish is served hot and spicy with fresh bursting flavors. The Chicken Penang curry ($9.95) is one of the better Penangs I've had with an assortment of fresh vegetables included. Outside of the curries an all-star can be found with the Roasted Duck ($14.95) that's a half roasted duck with crispy skin coating a juicy duck a top fresh stir-fried vegetables and ginger.
A star was the Pad Thai that offered many shrimp and was a tasty treat at just ($9.95). 
The restaurant is also Veggie friendly with more than 12 vegetarian dishes to choose from.Overall, Tamarind has decent food but just needed something to push the flavors to another level. 
I went here on Sunday, 28-Dec-08 for lunch. The place was dead and my friend and I were the only people there. The decor is ok and it has a nice airy feel to the dining room with high ceilings. The server was attentive and friendly but he had a thick accent that was difficult to understand at some times.
The tom kha was pretty good with well balanced, yet bold flavors that I expect from this soup. The Isan grilled chicken reminded me of summer time grilling with the delicious smell and juiciness of the chicken but as far as calling it a Thai take on grilled chicken, the flavors weren't there. The rad nah that my friend had was just OK as well. It could have used more spicy heat.
I can't understand why so many places has ho-hum Thai food. Thai food should be bold, intense, and memorable. Of all the Thai food I have eaten over the years, there are only 2 places that I feel do Thai right and both are in Ithaca NY of all places. I wish some place in Philly would nail Thai food because it seems like there are plenty of people that would enjoy an exceptional Thai restaurant.I ordered the pad thai, which had decent flavoring overall.  However, there was no shrimp in it whatsoever.  The menu clearly stated that shrimp was included in the dish.  Also, there was soggy/oily tofu in the pad thai along with my chicken.  Usually I like tofu, but this was just bad. 
Plan your bowel movements before going to Tamarind.  While they can't control the fact that the ceilings in the basement/bathrooms is about 5' 9", they do not bother stocking the toilet paper or paper towels.  So whatever you do, don't get super spicy food!What a delicious Thai find in Philly! I absolutely love Thai food, so when my friends asked what I wanted to try, I was grateful for the opportunity to ask for some Thai. We headed to Tamarind around 7 on a Sunday and it wasn't too busy. It is a BYOB place, but we didn't have the foresight to bring a bottle of wine. Oh well. 
I started with the som tum salad with papaya, carrots, tomatoes, and peanuts. It was so fresh and tasty! The flavor was great and it had a great little kick without being too overwhelming. For my main dish I got chicken green curry and it was right up there with some of the curry I had in Thailand. The coconut flavor was sweet, and with a 3 star spice level (you can order up to 7 stars but order with care) it had some nice heat on it. There were tons of veggies- green beans, red peppers, basil leaves, etc. to balance out a good portion of chicken. Our waitress was great and we had a nice evening. I would recommend this cute little spot for your next Thai craving!I've never been to Thailand.  I've heard people say you can't find any authentic Thai food in Philadelphia.  I'm not here to say whether or not that's true.  What I am here to say is that I enjoyed Tamarind.
Tamarind is on the part of South Street that I don't normally go to.  That section between 2nd and Front is just not a highly traveled area for me but I suspect that will change after my meal here.
We started with fried taro which was crispy on the outside and soft on the inside.  The sauce with it was not too sweet and hit the spot perfectly to open the meal.
I went with the vegetable panang curry and my buddy went with the spicy noodles with mock duck.  We went with spice levels 3 and 4 respectfully and each dish was just right.  I really enjoyed the curry because of its heat and its tang.  The spicy noodles with mock duck also was a nicely prepared dish that had sweetness which helped balance the heat.
Our waitress was incredibly nice and very accommodating to us.  The prices of this place are fantastic and they have a healthy vegetarian menu which to which I'm sure they could handle vegan requests.
I like Tamarind and I'm adding it to the rotation.there's an old yiddish expression -- "hamish" -- for something cozy, familiar and with a homey, serious substance to it.  tamarind is a hamish thai place -- no better way to describe it.  some unusual appetizers -- thai sausages were well spiced, and had very little fat/grease to them -- a wide-ranging spiciness scale for the scolville-wary, and great prices help.  dinner for two of us was $40 including three appetizers.  sticky rice comes wrapped in a small bamboo basket so it doesn't dry out.  rad na (lard na if you're from north jersey) was served in a thick brown gravy with well-cooked shrimp.  only reason it's not 5 stars was that the isan-style pork was a bit dry.  if i could give it four and a hamish-a half, i would.I went here one day during the summer. I had a pretty good experience. The place is smaller than I expected though. The food was really good. I ordered Pad Thai and a shrimp pastry appetizer. Both were delicious. I also had a bite of what my friend order (yellow chicken curry and dumplings appetizer). Those were good as well. The service was pretty good. They were helpful at picking dishes and just overall pleasant. Oh & fyi: it's BYOB!My friends and I went here recently.  They are very strict vegetarians, so they were super excited to find a place that was veggie friendly.  We had spring rolls, and the kitchen was kind enough to substitute tofu for shrimp.  They were very fresh and filled with vegetables.  We had a good pad thai and veggie panang curry, but the definite standout was the ginger vegetables.  It was spicy and gingery and absolutely lovely.  We look forward to going back to try more items.I really loved it. The food was great, superb service and definitely will be going back.Solid atmosphere, great service, incredible food!  Thai sausage and chicken spring rolls a must!!!Literally just walked past the place and thought "why not?" 
First off this place has the BEST customer service experience I've seen in my past two years here in philly. On top of that food was excellent cooked to the T. I enjoyed the fact that we could actually decide our spice levels here which is pretty sweet! 
Overall great experience I'd definitely come again and again!!I had heard good things about Tamarind and threw it on my list of places to check out.  Mind you, I heard good things but wasn't told it was a 'must try' or to prioritize my visit.  Well, either Tamarind seriously up'd their game or my friends and fellow yelpers undersold them.  Regardless, I regret not getting here sooner and will be back.
You've probably already read that it is a BYO.  Clutch for a date night.
Their offerings are pretty typical for Thai.  However, they do offer a few dishes I had trouble finding elsewhere in Philadelphia.  They also have a lot of Vegetarian options - I'm a meat eater but realize not everyone fits in that mold.
We started by splitting a bowl of Vegetarian Tom Yum.  They were nice enough to bring it out in two bowls both of which were decent portions.  I mentioned I'm a meat eater but was very impressed with this soup.  Ok, not give up meat impressed, but impressed enough to make sure I finished every drop without going as far as licking the bowl (which I did consider).  
For our mains, we shared Shrimp Pad Thai and Filet of Salmon Chu Chee.  There are plenty of places in the city to get Pad Thai, but that doesn't mean you don't have to try Tamarinds.  Solid dish of good portion and plenty of shrimp.  However, the true highlight was the Chu Chee.  The fish was perfectly cooked and the balance offered by the rest of the dish really accented it well.  If you at all like Salmon, it is my clear number one recommendation.
As for the rest, good service and nice atmosphere.  We came for dinner on a Sunday and didn't have to wait too long.  While the restaurant was busy our server provided plenty of attention.  Finally, once the bill arrived there was no sticker shock nor a feeling of not receiving value.Good was too sweet, but they put so much salt in their food as if covering up for how much sugar they had put in the food. The Thai iced tea is what I imagine what piss would taste like (a diabetic persons piss). Same as the food, the Thai  iced tea was unnaturally saccharine, but they also put too much salt on there as if they are trying to make up for how much sugar they had dumped in it. Never coming back again.Haven't had proper thai food in awhile, so, my friend and I came here today since we were shopping on South Street! Another friend says this is her favorite Thai restaurant in Philadelphia and after coming here today, I agree!
I think it's a nice, little space. The service is friendly and quick and the food really, really yummy.
For starters,  my friend ordered the fish cake which is finely chopped fish marinated with red curry and kaffer leaf, deep fried and comes with a dipping sauce. It was very good. She also had the Vegetarian Woonsen soup  which is glass noodle soup with vegetables, tofu and mushrooms. Looked tasty and she said it was very good.
For entrees, I had an entree listed under "Bangkok Goldmine" - Pad Woonsen, stir-fried glass noodles with chicken, shrimp and vegetables in a delicatable sauce. Very flavorful. My friend had an entree listed under "Spicyfications" -  Vegetable Panang Curry - which is fresh lemon grass and coriander curry - it was spicy and tasty.
Prices are reasonable. They accept major credit cards. It is a B.Y.O.B.
This restaurant is on South Street closer to Front Street and is well worth the walk, if you are on foot or the venture to South Street if you are looking for delicious, Thai cuisine.Delicious! If you are not good with spice make sure you tell them you like it mild. Very tasty! They even made vegan Thai tea for us with coconut milk! Super yum!Just ordered take-out dinner about an hour ago. A simple chicken pad thai for me and a red curry for my boyfriend. Today's review will be told in dialogue form.
Me: Can you make the red curry extra spicy?
Tamarind: On a scale of one to seven, how spicy?
*pause*
Me: He says seven.
Tamarind: Are you sure? Really? That's very hot.
*pause*
Me: He says he can handle it, he's Asian.
Tamarind: Ok then...
30 minutes later and our food is amazing. Well, mine was (though I wish there was more peanut sauce). Steered clear of the curry -- for good reason, too. Dude is currently running around the house yelling about how his mouth is burning. Bravo, Tamarind. Thank you for humoring us. We'll be back.Before moving to Philly, I lived in the Bay Area (Berkeley, CA to be exact). The Bay has a million options for amazing Asian foods... but Philly... not so much. 
Tamarind is a solid Thai restaurant. It's not as delicious as some of the restaurants back in Cali, but for Philly it's really good. 
I love that it's a BYOB and the food is truly spicy. 
I would recommend the Panang Curry and Pad Kee Mao.
The restaurant is small, so call ahead for larger groups.4 of us ordered 2 orders of spring rolls(2 per order) and one other appetizer, all fine not stellar. We ordered 3 entrees, one was a wide rice noodle thai basil with chicken dish, which we  eat often at home, it had maybe 1#2 cup of chicken a few pieces of sliced red pepper, a few TINY leaves of basil and a big pile of noodles.. so filing but not a good value. While we were the 3rd table in, we were 2nd to last to leave! There was a girl server taking orders and money and a guy doing other stuff, we would sit and wait and wait, at least 15 minutes for her to pick up our money and on and on.Great service and delicious food! My best friend was fasting for Ramadan and they were soo respectful with when to bring our food out. They also always asked how we were. The food had alot of flavor and is one of the best thai places I've been to in Philly.I came here for with my old roommates my last night in Philly. I absolutely loved this place! I had the shrimp curry and because I can't handle spicy food, I had my curry on a level one and it was perfect. Not too spicy so I really got the chance to enjoy my food. My roommates however got their curry on a level four and had a bit of a hard time dealing with it so beware!Oh Tamarind... You are always there for me when I want a cheap date night.
This place rocks. It's seriously one of my favorite spots to grab a bite with the man or some friends.
We probably go here at least once or twice a month. You start to crave it after a while. 
The atmosphere isn't upscale but it's no diner either. Just a nice chill place to get some dinner. 
We usually start with some apps. Crispy tofu, beef satay, crispy angel are all delicious. Their peanut sauce is the best I've probably ever had. I'm constantly disappointed by other places because I'm spoiled here. I always forget to ask for extra, and I then get minor food aggression when my dining companion swipes more than I think is necessary for their bite.
I can't review too many of their entrees, because I usually can't tear myself away from the curry. And he can't tear himself away from the pad thai. Both are awesome. I'm a big baby and usually only get a level 2 (out of 7). He gets a level 4 but I think that's mainly so I can't steal any of his food.
They don't have fancy desserts, but I'll forgive that. They do have an espresso truffle (I think it's called) that's basically coffee icecream with a coffee syrup type center. I'll get that if my mouth needs some cooling of from that intese level 2 I got (I told you, I'm a baby).
The total bill here for two of us is usually around $40 after a fairly generous tip. That combined with the BYOB status makes this place super affordable.