Great Indian spot where (IIRC) one had been formerly, but closed. We dined-in on a quiet summer Saturday, and found the service extremely hospitable and attentive. Each dish was satisfying, with emphasis on quality and attention to detail. I'm extremely happy to have such a good Indian option available again here in South Philly.So happy to have this in my neighborhood! We ordered lamb vindaloo, chicken tikka masala, and papadum for take away and were really pleased with the whole experience from the nice guy at the counter to the food quickly being ready. The recipe they use for the masala sauce was a little different from and better than the typical one I've had at countless places in different cities over the years. The chicken was super tender. That dish was the star of the meal. The lamb wasn't quite as tender as I expected (though not tough by any means) and the vindaloo was tasty and satisfying. The papadam wasn't quite crisp enough given that it was still warm and clearly freshly made but still addictive. Overall I'd say 4.5 stars. Will definitely be back many times and look forward to exploring the menu.Great food! And great service. Everything was delicious. I recommend it 100%  Definitely we will comeback again.Thoroughly enjoyed it! Chicken biriyani had boneless meat which is always nice. Spice level was just above mild. Chicken tikka masala had a nice warm flavor. The garlic naan was just ok -- didn't taste fresh. But if you dunk it in sauce, it's just fine!Delicious Indian food! Everything we ordered was so delicious and freshly made. Potato samosa (the green sauce !!!!!) for appetizer and the meals were Chicken biryani and 2 vegetarian dishes. So glad we found this gem in Philly! We will be back here during our next visit for sure ! Staff is super friendly too!Very good, authentic Indian food in the heart of Philly. Be sure to order the Butter Chicken with plenty of naan bread.This place is delicious, affordable, (especially for the type of cuisine), and a really great new addition to this neighborhood. The people that work there are friendly and I would strongly recommend it. The Tikka Masala (both spice levels) and samosa's are tasty. The paneer pakora and naan (plain and the mozzarella) were also really good. Check it out and support local business!My wife and I had a vegetable seekh kabob, chicken Malabar, naan bread basket, lamb tikka masala, and chana masala.
The seekh kabob was tasty and appeared to be freshly prepared. The chicken Malabar was dry, but the breading had good flavor. It was served with sweet and spicy sauces that tasted freshly prepared. The lamb tikka masala was flavorful but a bit salty. The chana masala tasted almost out of a can. The naan was not cooked to the right temperature--it seemed like some sort of strange pita.
Service was friendly and the small eat-in area was clean. We changed our appetizer order because we were warned that some of the appetizers had a 30-minute prep time.
We have eaten at many Indian places and our overall sense was, this is good in a pinch, but the flavor development and ingredient quality really wasn't there. We saw many boxes of dry mail-order ingredients on the floor and we would not be surprised if someone told us that the curry paste was out of powder mix and some of the ingredients, like the chicken in the appetizer mix, was previously frozen. I came away feeling like I could have had a tastier, more cost-effective meal by heating up some Trader Joe's frozen Indian dinners.
When reading over the other reviews, think for a minute--this is not in a high-foot-traffic area for restaurants, so the reviews are going to be skewed. It's certainly just fine if you live nearby and need a quick Indian meal. But if you really want good Indian food, head to King of Tandoor in Fairmount or New Delhi Buffet in University City. If you must have Indian food in South Philly, the Palace of Indian near the Passyunk Fountain is a notch better.We ordered take out and really liked it. They were very friendly. We both got vegetarian entrees. We'll go back!I ordered the tandoori chicken, which came with a side of white rice, lamb samosa, which came with 2 pieces, raita, and aloo paratha. The tandori chicken was good but not great. It's not like what it looked like in the picture online. The lamb samosa was not good. The lamb tasted funky. I thought the raita would have larger pieces of vegetables but instead it was more soupy and the vegetables were almost nonexistent. The aloo paratha was tough and dry and lacked flavor. The peas were also hard. The food was not worth what it costed. I was really hoping to like this place since it's close to me however, I will not order from here again.Very good local place! 
Interior is clean, with decorations ranging from elegant to a little silly, so a good place for friends and family to dine in :) 
My grandmother and I ordered the vegetable platter, garlic naan, and special tandoori. Since we came in at around lunch time on a not busy day, we were told that the tandoori would take around 25 minutes- which was fine for us, no rush. The people there were very attentive while still giving us privacy, and were very polite. 
And the food itself? ABSOLUTELY DELICIOUS!!! Cannot recommend enough :) Will definitely be dining and ordering from here again.Food was delicious! Huge portion in my opinion. The Vegetable Samosas were bigger than what I'm used to. Delivery was good. I would order again. I really enjoyed the Shrimp Tikka Masala. I only wish it was spicier or more aromatic. I would suggest this as a great dish for someone that doesn't like spicy or is new to Indian food.Just got takeout and everything was amazing. All the proteins are cooked perfect and the sauces had a great balance of flavor.I order from this place regularly using their mobile website. I think the prices are just a little steep for the amount of food you get, but the food is always fantastic and hot. Friendly drivers too. I would branch out and try more things but the price of each dish makes me hesitant since I don't want to spend $14 on something I may not like. Also, Yelp says there's free delivery, but the online website charges a $1.50 fee so it's really not.Had the Veggie Samosa, Garlic Naan and Chicken Tikka Masala. It was all delicious. Loved it!! Will definitely go again when I'm in the area.
Service was great as well.There were two of us. Ordered Chicken Makhani and Palak Paneer. Both dishes were excellent and reasonably priced. The service was also good. Nothing not to like. Will definitely be going back.Had food delivered. Ordered butter chicken and it was really good. Upset that I ordered garlic and cheese naan bread but got just regular garlic naan bread. Paid extra for it but didn't get what I wanted. Other than that food is decent and got delivered in less than 40 minutes.Just opened up and this is the first time we ordered take out from there. Food was great, people were super nice. I went with the Chicken Biryani and my lady went with Curry Chicken over rice. Very happy with the new local spot, we wish them well. We will get something new next time to try more of the menu.While I was visiting the town, i ordered food via DoorDash.
Delivery process and time were good, however the food wasn't appealing.
Daal Makhani had black eyed beans and was too thick, it was missing taste and texture of daal makhani..I tried Tandoori of India through Caviar and found it to be very good.  The prices are $15 - $20 per dish.  We had the chicken vindaloo and the chicken tikka masala.  Both were delicious and the chicken was moist.  The only opportunities to improve would be to have more chicken and also make it a bit spicier.  I will definitely try TOI again.tried out the new spot - great flavor, attentive service. Menu is pretty extensive. Will definitely be going back, and ordering takeout.This is my second time ordering from. First time I had spinach it wasn't good at all, the second time was kebab it was good and veggie samosas was ok not seasoned enough and not crunchy enough. Plus the prices are not cheap for the taste! So I'd probably not order again or maybe another chance with other items.This place has been giving me great food I forgot that I wrote a bad review due to my first time ordering from here. First off the food is amazinggg and fresh. I recommend ordering through Uber eats / door dash which ever way to avoid getting it delivered by their delivery guy(only because I've had bad experience with the delivery driver in the past but I'm not sure if anything has changed). It's hard to find somebody who knows how to make masala however whoever the chef is kudos because it's so good and it's perfect. The only thing I can recommend is that last night I ordered the Papri chaat and it was was good however the papri was stale and I had to take them off. Please ensure they are not stale because it ruins a traditional fav.Very tasty!! Thank goodness I like spicy food because the Gobi Manchurian was super spicy but really good. The Garlic Shrimp & Garlic Naan bread was tasty as well and best of all they have the cheapest delivery fee to my hotel.This has been my goto spot for Indian delivery.  Good food, decent price.  Tonight I had a complaint about food allergies and someone responded right away.  They were accepting of their error and promised to not have this happen again.
My first edit of the review was harsh but, again, given their response to my complaint I think they deserve a fair review.
Thanks for reaching out!Love this place food is always so delicious. Chicken Tikka and navaratan curry is so yum and owners are very niceThe food was Excellent, especially Tika Massla! Outstanding selection and choices. Restaurant is not large but several tables available. 
It tasted as good as the food I had in India and England.I have to admit, Tandoori Of India was certainly awesome. Also a very friendly and comfortable atmosphere. Tandoori Of India is one of these places where all the menu items look terrific, I had Lamb Vindaloo and it was amazing. The crew was very friendly and service is excellent. Good luck Tandoori Of India.Ordered delivery.  Arrived on time.  Chicken Tikka, Goat Biriyani, Shrimp Vindaloo.  All delicious and plentiful.  My new go-to spot for Indian food... hands down.We ordered food around 11:30 last night. It took them over 2 hours to deliver the food. I called twice to check the status and the man who answered made it seem like they didn't even start on our order (an hour into us waiting) he told us it'd take another 20 minutes. I called again at the 2 HOUR mark. I'd even asked for compensation at this point. At least an extra samosa or SOMETHING. At that moment the driver finally arrived. But the food was so bland and watered down. It was horrible. Obviously I'm never ordering from here again but I'm most upset that they were so late and they didn't even help us out through reimbursement or free food.Have yet to eat in though I intend to. It's a charming place.  Not super fancy but way better than a simple take out Indian place. It's byob. The food is delicious. You need to make very clear the spice level you want. When I explained I wanted very hot, they met my desires. The gobi Manchurian is fantastic. The vindaloo and Tikka sauces are very enjoyable, though I like to ask for my tikka super spicy. Lamb is very tender.  I wish chicken was sometimes more tender.  But it's all about the sauces and Naan. That's why I keep coming back.Ordered chicken tikka masala and saag paneer both were flavorful and delicious. My only knock is the quantity of chicken and paneer I received and the sauce was very watery. Too much sauce and not enough protein! And only one serving of rice for two entreesI'm all for spreading the wealth when it comes to supporting different restaurants but this place has consistently been my go-to place during cold COVID days. The food is always so damn good. The portion sizes are great every time and delivery is prompt. Sorry yelp, but order through their private website. 
I promise you won't be disappointed. 
This review comes to you from a 6'3" 200lb athlete who absolutely LOVES food.I gave them clear instructions to where to deliver in a hotel and they delivered food to the lobby and never told me or called me that my order was delivered at the lobby. I called to ask and they said food was delivered half an hour ago. 
By the time we figured it out, the food was sitting in the lobby of the hotel and was cold when I got it.  Very bad experience.... won't be ordering again.
Food itself, I would rate 3 out of 10I was excited when it first opened and I've come here a few times since. However one time, I wanted to dine in and waited a few minutes for someone to notice me at the counter and walked out. Ever since, I've ordered online. I've only tried the vegetarian options. Fried appetizers and breads are tasty and always piping hot. However, the dishes (curry, chana masala) are well-spiced, but I don't think the veggies are the freshest.So to preface this- when me and my family went in, it was just us sitting at a table (although it did look like there was a lot of take out orders) but overall, not crazy busy. 
We ordered malai kofta (which was really tasty), navratham korma, and bagadi baingan and they brought 2 of the 3 orders wrong (navratham korma and bagadi baingan). When we told them, they took back the navratham korma immediately but the new waiter was trying to convince us bagadi baingan and baingan bartha (the one we got by accident) are the same thing, ok so 1. they're absolutely not 2. if you make a mistake that's fine but please don't try to justify it by feeding us some BS especially because i'm Indian, I know a little something about indian food!! They then told us they didnt have the "bagadi" part of the bagadi baingan which again is ok, but annoying that we were allowed put that order in the first place. All of these problems our current waiter blamed the other waiter saying "he only works half the day and isn't familiar with everything yet," which again fine whatever but frankly the chef should have realized and we should have been informed. So he lets us keep the baingan bartha and brought us another dish (bhindi masala, which was decent but had a strong tomato taste if you like tomato you'd like it). The new re done navratham korma literally tasted like frozen bag of veggies that had been put in a random gravy. He gave us a $2 discount at the end but only after we realized he charged us the wrong dish that was only a $1 more (obviously who cares about a dollar but this was a cherry on top of a horrible experience). The second waiter was genuinely nice though (other than trying to convince us the wrong dish was the same thing as the one we ordered) he apologized profusely that's the only reason they're getting a 3 otherwise it'd be a 2 maximumOrdered delivery from here and they did not disappoint!! We ordered the vegetarian malai kofta and the chicken vindaloo plus garlic naan, which were all very tasty! I'm excited to try more dishes from Tandoori soon!An awesome new Indian place for a up-and-coming neighborhood. Would highly recommend take out or eating inside the people working there are very friendly and are happy to help you with honest recommendations. I am sure I will be taking my friends for the next time I visit very soon. I would highly recommend the spicy or dishes such as the lamb vindaloo I had. Vegetarians also have a variety of options I am a very big fan personally of the cauliflower. authentic and quicker than most Indian restaurants a small and Hidden Gem tucked away and Southern Philadelphia.My second visit didn't disappoint. The food here is made-to -order so it takes longer for food to arrive at table. For the wait you are rewarded with generous rich sauces cloaking perfectly cooked shrimp (tikka masala) or vegetarian dumplings or paneer. The rosemary naan is fragrant and makes a compelling juxtaposition with the curries. Papadam come with two yummy tasting sauces. The service is the right amount of cheerful and efficient. There's no hurry to exit your table and you can BYOB. The dining room is pretty basic but seems clean. I would give 5 stars but won't for a few reasons: as folks come and go, the door let's in frigid air that blasts the dining room, which is small. Occasionally the server blasts the TV (or radio) sound (this happened on both of my visits.) I find that rather weird. The portions are on the small size as mentioned by previous review. Not a dealbreaker but an extra piece of something in the sauce seems appropriate for the price point. Also, on Yelp the restaurant offers 20% off from 11:30 AM - 3 PM dining in or takeout. Only 10% was deducted from my bill. When I mentioned Yelp offer, the server kind of laughed me off dismissively. Not a big deal considering everything but don't offer a deal you don't honor.The food is good enough, but not mind-blowingly good enough to offset the epic wait time. A full hour from order to lunch at noon. I just can't recommend a place for lunch that will consume your hold lunch hour waiting for food. Probably fine for dinner or take-out. The lamb briyana I had was spicy and flavorful, but it would've been better with a shorter wait time and more prompt service in general.This is one of the first few places I've found in Philly to be consistent with their food every single time. I'm ordering from here at least once a week but sometimes more. I love the chicken fried rice as well as the spicier chicken biryani. I'd never had pakoora before but I'm addicted now. So delicious, so amazing and friendly drivers every time I order. Never late, right on time no matter how much or how little I order. Need a good staple place? This is it.Love Indian food and this was my first experience with delivery in the city. Everything was great and the spice level was perfect for what I wanted.So happy this is here! Great addition to the neighborhood with great food. I do wish the food was spicier but it is still wonderful. Very nice people too!Lovely chicken tikka masala! Very well cooked. Fast delivery. The samosas are too shabby either.Honestly, it was barely mediocre -- I do not recommend this place or at least don't order what I order; although, I personally will not order from them again. 
The 2 star is literally for the fish and the benefit of the doubt that maybe, I ordered the wrong thing and that they have better specialty dishes that I didn't ordered. 
I placed an order via UberaEats and all the dishes came in a pint size Chinese corner store soup containers. I ordered lamb curry, chicken tikka masala, garlic naan, veggie samosa and chili fish. 
Lamb curry barely had any flavor, Tikka Masala was VERY SWEET that I only picked out the chicken and threw out the sauce. 
Garlic Naan was dry and sad; UberEats had a buy one get one free for the garlic naan so I decided to splurge for the garlic instead of plain but what seems to happen is that one serving the garlic seasoning was used for both naan making it so dry, I threw out 1 and 3/4 of it. 
Veggie Samosa also barely had any flavor and tough. Although the sauce on the chili fish was all congealed by the time food arrives to my house, it was probably the best tasting thing from my full order. 
Had much better food from other Indian restaurants and in comparison to Indian home cooked meals, this was beyond sad. For the price I paid, it was a disappointing experience.The Naan was super dry. The chicken masala was mediocre. Definitely not recommended given the high rating it currently has. The delivery service was ok.Has this place turned into an extortion racket?! I had the exact same problem as the previous reviewer. I don't understand this because I have spent hundreds of dollars here through the website and never had a problem. The food is good and, while I note there are many complaints about portions, I have found the portion sizes in line with other Indian restaurants I have been to. I am a vegetarian and I have been to several. That said, they gave me a blank stare when last I ordered through their website and showed up to get my food. Worse, they refused to make it right and asked me to cancel the order. There's no mechanism to do so through their website. So, Indian food being more expensive than the average takeout, I get to lose a good amount of money. It's 6:48 PM. I left my home at 5 AM today and this would have been my first meal. I guess I am heating up soup and finding a different Indian restaurant.
Over a week later, after being called by the owner promising a refund, I have not received it. Why go out of your way to lie? I sent a text, he repeated his lie. They are literally stealing my money, admit it and lie about it repeatedly. Stay away!This place is the worst! Their food and quantity is a complete rip off! The call person is super rude!
They sell the smallest quantities and they take 2 hours to deliver for a distance of 19 mins. Lol. 
Better watch out! Not worth the prices you pay and definitely not the service one expects! 
I think Philly has far better Indian options. Tandoor of India a BIG NO for me.So happy this is here! Great addition to the neighborhood with great food. I do wish the food was spicier but it is still wonderful. Very nice people too!
Update: I started asking for #15 hot and the food was wonderfully spicy. This is not a move for you spice sensitive folk.Very tasty authentic Indian food. Highly recommend.  I visited two times so far and would go there again.Ordered papdi chaat and the papdi was stale.
Fish tikka masala was not great. Fish was over cooked. 
Gobi Manchurian is the smallest portion I have ever received in the city and was not great.
Even with the 20% off because the portions are smaller it turns out to be more expensive than other restaurants in the city that deliver.We're so happy this place opened up in South Philly. Everything in the order was fantastic! We had the vegetable samosas, saag paneer, tandoori chicken, garlic/cheese naan and the Indian chili chicken...every dish was hot, fresh and absolutely delicious. I know some mentioned that the delivery took a long time but our order came right on time. Definitely will order from here again!!delicious with great vegetarian options, one of my favourite places in philly! i've never had a problem ordering and the food is always super hot when it arrives .What a greet new addition to the neighborhood! So happy to have them here - the owners and employees all seem incredibly dedicated.First of all, as someone who lived in England and knows a good curry, this place is waaay below average. The curry was too runny, bland and under-simmered. My dish had too much sugar in it. Garlic naan was soggy (supposed to be somewhat crispy). Just for a lamb curry, a naan and a small appetizer - $32. And, worst of all, it took 2 hours to get the food delivered. I stay at the Four Points near-by quite often - never again will I order food from this place.Food isn't that great  I ordered a egg fried rice, and I told them to be spicy but it isn't. And the garlic naan is ok not as good as I expected.Amazing!  Ordered through Grubhub and food arrived quickly and piping hot. Nicely packaged and everything was delicious.  First time ordering so went for basics veggie samosa,naan,raita and chicken makani.  Wow!  Every dish was good.  Can't wait to order againAlmost as good as my best friend's mom's home cooked food and honestly that's the highest compliment I can give this place. I've yet to be disappointed with anything I've ordered from here and look forward to trying more from there menu with time!Food is very good. Delivery is fast. I'm satisfied with every order so far. Yes I would recommend to friends.Very good. My usual spot was closed but I've had tandoori here before and liked it, but because of my previous orders, I knew how to tweak what I liked into making it delicious! I usually get super spicy vindaloo and tikka masala with less cream more sauce. Great price. Great food. Definitely a great addition to the neighborhood.I've always said that Philly needs more made-to-order Indian places, and it looks like my prayers have been answered in the past few months! Tandoori of India is located extremely close to my boyfriend's house, which made for an easy weeknight date night. The staff (really just the front of the house guy and the chef) were super nice and helpful, even going as far as having an "Indian" spice level gauge and an "American" one.
I'm usually the type to get the tikka masala or butter chicken, but I ventured into tandoori territory and got tandoori chicken, which, while it took forever to cook and come out, was completely worth it and I ate pretty much everything. It was flavorful, and obviously well taken care of. It's nice to eat in, but take-out is pretty accessible and easy too. For the price, the portions are great, and I really hope this place does well enough to stick around for a while!Is this $83 worth of food for you?
This is what you'll get for your money.
This restaurant is trash. A complete ripoff.
I returned the food in person. They refused to give me a refund.
Neither the man at the register nor the chef standing outside the kitchen was wearing a mask.Very yummy! I got the chicken Korma and veggie samosas with a side of riata. Can't wait to try other dishes. Friendly staff.I placed an online order that was directly through the restaurant (one of those menu pages, not one that provides its own delivery person.)
I called ten minutes after the expected delivery window had passed to ask about the status of my order. I reached the manager (owner?) who said that his delivery person had called and said he was not coming back for the night. He said that the only thing I could do was wait for the restaurant to close at midnight and then he would personally deliver the food to me.
So since I really had no other choice, I agreed, and my food was an hour late.
He informed me he had included a free soda for the inconvenience. Great, something worth $1 that I can't have because I'm diabetic. (To add insult to injury it was root beer. With Indian food? And also possibly THE WORST soda for a diabetic, at 72g of sugar for one serving!)
Anyway. The samosas were pretty good. The mulligatawny was fine.
But the garlic naan was just naan with some kind of garlic butter brushed on, and both it and the plain naan I ordered were totally floppy, not crispy at all.
And finally the main course, a $14 chicken tikka masala, was totally unforgivable. it was 80% sauce and perhaps 1/2 of a breast worth of chicken.
I almost wish I *HAD* used a major delivery service so I could demand a refund.I have tried a lot of places for Indian food and this one is the best. Extremely flavorful dishes and you can't beat the prices. They even give you an additional 20 percent off if you call. My favorite is the meat samosas (SO GOOD), the chili chicken (pretty good and only 8 bucks), and the chicken mahkni (AMAZING but almost died since I ordered it spicy).Absolutely amazing food. Ordered delivery on a whim and so glad I did because this is now my go-to Indian food spot! Only complaint is that their Chicken Tandoori is really spicy! It was delicious so I'll try it again and maybe ask them to tone down the spice a notch or two. Highly recommend the Lamb Rogan Josh.Great halal Indian option right in my 'hood. Service was excellent and food was delish. We ordered the lamb boti kebab and chicken biryani. Both were so good and super flavorful. I love bread and we ordered the garlic naan, lamb naan, and the poori. I wasnt impressesd with the lamb naan it was devoured none the less. The poori was AMAZING! The veg samosas were also tasty. Will definitely be back. 
Pro tip: If ordering takeout, make sure to call ahead. We just stopped by on the way home and ordered there so it took 30 min for food to be prepared. Everything is made from scratch so it was well worth it. The gentleman at the counter was very nice and offered us drinks while we waited.I came here on a random night with my boyfriend in hopes that the good reviews would live up to themselves, but I can say that they didn't. For 2.99 you get four small pieces of naan which is not enough. I ordered the chicken karahi and my boyfriend the chicken vindaloo. Mine had okay flavor but was extremely oily. Oily to the point where it was dripping off the spoon. The vindaloo had literally three pieces of chicken (we counted them in disappointment) it was filled with way more potatoes. Generally speaking the portions were on the smaller side for the price. Lastly, we had the check divided into two bills. The guy charged them on the wrong card and he was unable to correct it. Sadly, I will not be coming back here.We ordered through Seamless.  Waited 2 hours and after numerous call of being lied to was made aware that they never even prepared our food.  They told us initially it was out the door for delivery but that was never the case.  At least tell us what the status is.This is my go-to Indian spot in South Philly.  They have a great Indo-Chinese selection, their portions are generous, and they have a unique take on some popular dishes.  For example, the baingan bharta has lots of peas in it, and it is not tomato-heavy as it ordinarily is in the Punjabi style.  The naan is nice and fluffy, as opposed to other places that have a somewhat chewy or pita-like texture.  The lamb boti kabab is a delicacy, and the malai kofta is perhaps the best I've had.  To top it all off, they always deduct 15% from the listed menu prices, making it much cheaper than the other solid competitors in the area.Really terrible experience with this place.
I ordered Chicken Tikka Masala and Vegetable Samosa through GrubHub. Three hours later, after two attempts to conact, they finally showed up. Everything was cold. However, it was one of the nights of the rioting, and streets were closed, so I was willing to cut them some slack.
Aside from everything not being hot, it was the worst Indian food I've ever had. No exaggeration. In the Tikka Masala, the chicken was actually pretty nicely done but the sauce was terrible. It was waaaaaay too sweet. It tasted like they dumped a bucket of sugar in it. The Samosas were far too doughy and soggy (the sogginess of course could be attributed to the extreme delay in delivery).
In light of the above, I asked for a refund. The restaurant refused without explanation or apology. I will be disputing the charge on my credit card and I put the food out front if they want to come pick it up.
Definitely try another Indian place!
EDITED: I also want to say, my experience with this place was so bad that I created a Yelp account to write this review.It's Labor Day, so most places are closed. My girls and I were hunting for a place to devour and we were feeling adventurous. I suggested that we try Indian food and came across Tandoori of India and it was the best decision we've made tonight. The server greeted us with a warm smile and was very pleasant when we asked for a recommendation, since we're pretty clueless about Indian food. We ordered chicken curry, chicken biryani, chicken tandoori, and samosa chat, and mango lassi.  Everything was awesome. The service was phenomenal, perhaps because we were the only one in there at the time, so they really took care of us. I will come back to try more food from this place.