When I used to live in Philly and did not have a lot of money I went to this Indian restaurant, its cheap and you get a lot of food. While the quantity is great, it lacks quality, there are much better Indian restaurants in Philly this is not one of them. You get what you pay for, there used to be 2 other buffet Indian restaurants near this one.Drexel/Penn student joint. Good for a quick swing in for take-out or a buffet plate. Nothing to write home about. Reasonable prices and quality.I did have a bad review for this restaurant, but now that the manager has made contact with me and cleared up the issue, I decided to change my review. Not only is the food amazing, but the service is extremely friendly and cares about your food. Five stars from me.Ordered from grubhub waited an hour and a half for delivery so I called naturally no one picked up for another 20 minutes then when the guy answers his explanation was that they were on break and hadn't made my order yet and gave me the " oh well" attitude and didn't offer any kind of compensation.Went there for first time and had a buffet which for price is not bad considering the quantity of items served but quality wise it's not good at all in my opinion. I tried everything but really didn't like anything and specially I was eager to try the deserts kheer and gulab jamun and they were most terrible. I'm giving three starts because the manager was attentive and was doing his job very nice nicely. The restaurant is under renovation they are making it more appealing but in my opinion food quality and taste must be improved. Sorry for the bitter truth but writing this review in only hope that they improve. Good Luck!Over the summer I ordered from here without incident. Then comes fall and a particularly cold evening.
We placed our order or tried at first. My friend repeated the order three times.  The repeated her card number 2 times.  Then became tired of repeating my address.  I gave them my address the 4th time.  We were told we'd get our Indian goodness in 30 - 45 minutes.  Not a problem.  We were fine with waiting.  We thought the repeating-ourselves-thing was pretty comical until...
Over an hour later we had no Indian goodness.  We called the restaurant.  We let them know the time frame they gave us and that it was well past that time frame.  The person on the phone didn't seem to understand "we've been waiting over an hour.  Can you tell us if the driver is near?"  Several times.  This time the repetition wasn't comical.  Then came Irate Guy On Phone.  "DO YOU WANT YOUR FOOD!? DO YOU WANT YOUR FOOD!? WHY DO I HAVE TO TELL YOU WHERE THE DRIVER IS!? WHY!?"  My friend and I looked at each other as if to ask what just happened while Irate Guy On Phone kept screaming "DO YOU WANT YOUR FOOD!?," Etc.  
Driver finally showed up while this phone call was taking place.  My friend collected the food and paid the tab.  
The food, mediocre.  Before to night I was fine with waiting to get it on the latter end of the stated time.  Tonight, a little late because of a lovely nor'easter but the person who answered the phone left such a rotten taste in my mouth that next time I will get into my wheels and haul my butt to pick up from a much better restaurant with less abusive service.
Bad service made the mediocre food... meh.
Portions or naan and poori: fail.  Yeeeeeaaahhh. No.
Will I order take out or delivery again from this establishment? Nope.
In short, Tandoor India, you bite and not the way I like.Please do not go to this place. The food is just horrible. I thought of giving this place a second chance, and I was disappointed again.
Not that Sitar and New Delhi are great, but they are much much better than Tandoor.
Please do not torture your taste buds by going to this place.The food is pretty low quality, it's almost always dead and the only reason we go there is for BYO'ing. 
Definitely a place to steer clear of if you are looking for real Indian food.Came down to 40th Street to meet a good friend, and parked right in front of Tandoor India.  When he arrived, I asked where he wanted to go, and he pointed to the doorway right behind me.  Auspicious beginnings...
First impression was of an old establishment somewhat in need of refurbishment, but with inviting scents of curry and coriander drawing us in.  I checked the buffet as we walked past to our table and saw an extensive collection of yellow, red, brown and rusty sauces, all looking fresh and inviting on a cold Sunday night.  The place was not crowded.  Settling in, I decided to take a look at the menu because I was not in the mood for a cascade of flavors and tastes, but wanted to relax with only a few.  We were given copies of the take out menu, which somewhat surprised me.  On the cover it said: "We believe that the joy of eating lies in the art of fine cooking."
I'll drink to that.
We ordered Tikka Masala (with Chicken), which came out in a fine pink sauce of tomato and ginger, and was quite good. The Baigan Bharta was tasty, but was chopped fine rather than with the chunky eggplant I expected.  They cheated a bit on the Garlic Naan by bringing us regular Naan painted with garlic butter.  It didn't work, as it was not integrated into the bread, but sat on the surface, and lacked the baked garlic pieces I love in true Garlic Naan.  A disappointing way to pay an extra buck. The Mango Lassi was pretty good,  but a little thin from using milk rather than yogurt.  A nice plate of rice came with the meal.  
This was a meal in which we were more engrossed in the conversation than attentive to our food.  The strong brotherhood carried the day, and the meal became background.  For the overall experience, I was quite satisfied.
We didn't solve any world problems, but agreed we would get together soon, and try again.Buffet is probably the best I've had in the area, and for only $7 one would really get their money's worth.  I love raita.  I could easily put it on anything, and thoroughly enjoy whatever I was eating, and they do raita the way it should be done here.Tandoor is good. The buffet is definitely worth 12 bucks. There's chai and desserts as well as a salad bar. I got 2 plates worth of food and was very satisfied. Seems like more of a take out or family style place but it's always quiet when I go. The service is alright but since I get the buffet it doesn't really matter. The waiter still came by the table very often. This will always be my go to for Indian food in Philadelphia.Delicious!!! Well priced. Friendly staff. My husband got the buffet and I got the chicken kabobs and garlic Naan. Naan was the best I've ever had. My husband tried goat meat on the buffet. Great curry.Had lunch here the other day.  Not bad, but I've had better. The Makhani Chicken was a little on the tough side.  Loved the Chana Masala, Saag Paneer, and the salad was crisp and fresh. The naan was ok, but they didn't have mango OR tamarind chutney. This was a major disappointment for me. Nevertheless, the Ghulab Jamun, Kheer and Chai tea were all okay.Great Indian place in West Philly. The buffet is very good, but the special orders, fresh from the kitchen, are the bomb ! Fresh and great tasting ! Awesome value and BYOB !I come here every time when I am in university city. Food is good specially the chicken tika. Some of there other dishes or a bit on the greasy side. But overall is a good restaurant to take your family to for a nice dinner.The other reviews seem to say it all: the food just isn't that great.  Not to mention I came down with a terrible stomachache after eating here.  But, if you like your Indian food good and greasy - you're in the right place.My boyfriend and I really like this place and we prefer it over the other Indian restaurants we have tried in Philly.  It is reasonably priced and the portions are very filling with lots of protein in the meat dishes (we almost never finish both our curries).  Their naan is good but not the best that I've had.  I like their eggplant vegetarian curry although some people may not like that there is no texture to it becuase the eggplant is mushed up.  The chicken tikka masala and biryani are good but we prefer the lamb korma and the house special Makhani chicken.  The saag is also very delicious and the chili chicken is very good but it tastes more like a Chinese dish because the chicken is fried and there isnt really a curry sauce.
Their buffet is reliable, cheap and good as well but the atmosphere is a bit dingy so I prefer delivery.  They usually take about 30-40 minutes to the Domus on 34th and Chestnut.I waited to write this review as my first time being here was my first time having Indian food. I've eaten at several different places since so I feel I can give this place an accurate review. 
As far as overall value goes, this is extremely affordable for the buffet and the options provided to you. The buffet can vary in options but generally has popular dishes most expect at an Indian place along with several vegetable and dessert options. 
The customer service is very attentive and friendly and I often see that they have regulars that they are casual with and I think that's nice. 
I found out through a friend that they do serve lassi's (just ok tasting) and gulab jamun (included with buffet) but you have to request these which is a bit strange as they do not even offer a regular menu when ordering buffet. It kind of makes me wonder what else they offer via special request. 
Realistically I give this place 3.5 stars only because the food has been hit or miss when I come. Sometimes it's flavorful and excellent while other times there are several dishes lacking substance and flavor. I will continue to come here because the location is convenient and I like to have various options when eating ethnic food so I'm not restricted to a single dish I may not like. For the price, it's definitely worth mentioning or recommending to someone who's checking out places in University City.The server is attentive. The food is decent. However compare with the other choices nearby, their buffet has less option.Under new management, Tandoor has the best Indian food we have had in Philadelphia.
They reguiarly change their buffet offerings, are concerned about their ingredients, and offer wonderful flavors. Their vegetable soup is a particular favorite. They have done a great deal to improve the appearance of the restaurant (especially the bathrooms). We go there about once a week. My only reservation is their tandoor chicken. It is just OK. However, the rest of the food on the buffet is so good, the tandoor chicken can be easily ignored.The food was very tasty but spicy.  I'm not really a fan of Indian food so I'm not a great judge of this stuff but I think it was pretty good.  Very well done, but unbearably spicy.  The only items not spicy were the white rice, pita bread, and vegetable pakora.
Aside from the food, the people were very friendly.  And the lunch buffet was $8.99 which was fair.  My main complaint is the state of the restaurant. The interior is outdated and dark and the exterior is shady, but the atmosphere is comfortable.Absolutely horrible. I ordered grubhub for lunch today. I ordered chicken tikka masala and garlic/cheese naan. My order arrived not even 15 minutes later, (I work about a 15 min walk away). This really worried me because they have a menu where you can order your food and they have a lunch buffet. As soon as the driver called and said he has arrived I was not too happy because I was worried and assumed that my food was just scooped from the buffet. Well, I opened my food, COLD. COLD chicken, COLD naans. PISSED. being preggo and hungry and wanting a specific craving only to have it arrive cold and totally tasteless is such a let down. For 2 dinky naans and a 12oz container of food scooped from a buffet cost me $22. A freakin rip-off.We have always come to this small Indian buffet for almost 20 years. The food is fresh and delicious under the new chef and new management. The NAAN is wonderful! Don't be turned off by their shabby décor. It is as authentic as it gets. It is also very inexpensive. Love it!I had a pretty disappointing lunch buffet here this past weekend. Their food was edible and okay at best. The various dishes were bland and a chore to eat. I had 2 plates and was still hungry, but nothing was notable (and dare I say bearable) enough for me to want to go back for a 3rd. As a self proclaimed glutton, that's saying something. I've definitely had better Indian food.Funniest thing...  I went here expecting a not-so-great meal... Why would I go somewhere expecting subpar food?  I don't really have an answer for that, just wanted to try it I guess.  And hey, I'm glad I did.  Everything there is clearly homemade, everything was really pretty damn solid.  
They had goat, which was the first time I had ever eaten goat.  And it was really tender and tastey.  
Despite it being the last half hour of their lunch buffet everything was still pretty fresh.  
I will say, I do still prefer New Delhi (which is right around the corner and the same damn price) but this place is a really solid alternative choice.Tandoor is one of the best Indian buffet restaurants. It's always consistent. Never too busy. Service is adequate. Since it's buffet you don't need much. The food is good and the husband/wife proprietor are very friendly. I eat here with some frequency and it's always worth while and no expensive. Easily recommended.Not the best buffet option in the area. Everything  is bland and tastes like it is reheated from frozen, samosas are especially mediocre.  Go around the corner to New Delhi or Sitar India.Tandoor is welcome newcomer to the neighborhood, with adequate portions, and reasonable prices.  I found that Tiffin and Ekta have raised their prices and lowered their portions.  
I see people have given a lot of 3 star reviews, but then read and they chose the dinner buffet.  I get take-out and it's delicious, but if you choose a dinner buffet you should not be able to review it, or at least take that into account when doing soStaff was uncourteous and refused to provide us service because we only wanted snacks and not a full meal. If it is a policy, please mention it on your menu. Walked a minute to New Delhi restaurant and had the most amazing veg platter ever.I had my food delivered to me, so I can't comment about the ambience or the atmosphere. However, the person who took my order over the phone was extraordinarily friendly and nice, and the food was absolutely terrific. I got the vegetable samosas, Chana masala, and some naan. Everything was well made and tasted wonderful. I highly recommend this place.So I use to go to this place back in 2005 with my family & haven't been there since, so I decided to go there with some friends. BAD DECISION! They quality of the food had went don't tremendously! We waited 20 minutes for some naan and the waiter got upset when we got new food because ours was cold. The place was NOT sanitary and the chicken had little pieces of rocks o_O Save your $$ and go to New Dali instead!   
Last note: The tandoori chicken was raw, like still bleeding raw!!!Ooops! I thought I reviewed this place when I first joined Yelp. 
Let me correct that over-sight now. 
This is my favorite Indian buffet. Their food is always tasty the naan is not dry or overly greasy. The buffet items are always fresh & hot. I don't mind the lack of service really. Give me a pitcher of water and let me chow down & I'm good! The plate clearing is always pretty timely and the staff & owners are friendly. I love coming here when I want something cheap, quick, when in University City.Decent food for a great price with lots of vegetarian/vegan options at the buffet. They also have an awesome topping bar, which I enjoy.in our search of tasty indian food in west philly, we walked away disappointed.  the malai kofta balls were like clumpy cream of wheat. not so good.  
it seemed to cater to the university student crowd with it's overemphasis on the buffet.  give me some love, not buckets of food.  
ok, enough knocking it.  the baigan bharta was decent. but we'll keep searching.I ate at Tandoor again yesterday and the food wasn't the only thing I ate; I had to eat my words from the previous review too. 
The customer service this time was extraordinary! First, my wife and I went in with only about 15 minutes to go to closing time (on Xmas eve!), but the waiters were kind enough to request us to come in and have the buffet nevertheless. They kept the buffet open for a few minutes after closing time, allowing us to refill our plates. And once they closed the buffet, they brought dessert out specially for us right at our table. And throughout all of this, they were very friendly, courteous, and didn't make us feel hurried in the least. I've rarely experienced such a complete turnaround in customer service!
The food was also excellent: I've always liked their buffet's panner/chicken masalas and the palak paneer, but this time they also had a very delicious navratan korma (which thankfully wasn't sweet!). Their chicken biryani's quality was also up a few notches. The naans that they gave us were steaming hot, buttery and delicious. 
It was by far the best experience I've had at Tandoor, and hope it stays this way in the future!Last nite, I ordered take-out. The Appetizer 'samosa chaat' left me craving for more. The entrees 'chicken tikka masala' and 'lamb rogan josh' were prepared just the way I requested 'medium & mild spicy.' Chicken tikka masala had all white meat pieces and lamb rogan josh was succulent. However, the entrees had a home cooked taste to 'em.
It's a new restaurant so I will definitely try more selections from the menu.The Buffet was pretty mediocre. Chicken makhani had sugar in it. Goat curry and chicken curry was average. The dessert (gulab jamun) was good and masala tea on a cold night added a nice touch. The appetizer (Samosa and pakoras) were ok. We had to ask the staff to refill the empty dishes though. Maybe the restaurant was having an off night so I will try it again during daytime and order from the menu.
I'm a New Yorker and have given up on finding a decent Indian restaurant in university city. My suggestion if you're craving Indian food, skip it!the lunch buffet here is very solid. i was pleasantly surprised by the amount of vegetarian options! usually i find buffets are half meat half veg, but this was like 75% veg. i don't know if i just caught them on a veg heavy day, but i loved that. there was so much to try! all the food was super tasty. i'll definitely be back.Had dinner with my husband on 5/31/2015.  We've been regular diners since the restaurant opened.  
The food is always very satisfying.  My husband favors the Tandoori Chicken. I am partial to goat, the Gobi Gulistan and Spinach Paneer.  They serve fresh Naan to the table.  Chai tea is also available in the buffet.  The condiments are excellent: mint chutney, onion chutney, tamarind chutney, and raita.  Some Indian restaurants water down the chutneys, but this is not the case at the Tandoor India. We also like the Indian desserts.  Great value and delicious.  A great place to satisfy your desire for authentic Indian food.
We bring out-of-town guests here often.
The staff are friendly and attentive.  Great location.I love it here! The service is warm and welcoming; they're always by the door ready to greet you. I feel like I'm walking into one of my Auntie's houses and she's about to serve me a delicious dinner. I love the buffet at lunch and dinner, everything is delicious. It's like Indian comfort food for me.Having gone to India twice I can say that Tandoor India is on par with typical Indian cuisine.
I am fiercely partial to the lunch time and dinner time buffet options.  The selections for the meat eater include goat and chicken.  I am particularly impressed with the meatless options that I had to choose from ever since becoming vegetarian.  Available during my visit were chick peas, hot spinach dishes, steamed cabbage, vegetables fritters all very very tasty.  
The staff is present attentive and well mannered but not intrusive and pushy.
I like the traditional Indian music that plays from the PA system. 
The current decor consists of framed currency from all over the world.
It's spacious enough that I have had several staff in-service meetings here but have also come here alone to feel as if I am transported to India for the length of my low lit flavorful meal and you can comfortably and not be rushed to leave.
This would be an ideal place to bring a date because the food is great and you will not feel crowded or overloaded with the modern day dining added amenities like a booming drowning television.  
-BUFFET-
When you arrive and are seated just know that you then have to get up, get a plate and serve yourself.  When you are done with your food leave your plate on your table, remove your eating utensils, and get up to get more food and your used plate will be removed by the staff.
The buffet is around $9.00 until 4:00pm and $11.00 after.
Shafi, the manager has always been good with me and aims to please his customers.  If this place ever renovates I hope it does not lose its attention to service that keeps so many people coming back for seconds.This buffet leaves a lot to be desired. I find that if you order off of the menu, you will have a much better experience.Tandoor India is the best Indian food in the city, hands down. Whenever I went to New Dehli, I felt like I was being shadowed by the Indian mafia. Besides that, their food was lackluster. Never been back. 
If you're vegetarian or vegan, you absolutely have to get the Vegetable Shahi Kofta (they only serve it on weekends in the buffet) or get it from their menu. It's amazing. Everything else there is highly flavorful and the staff is super accommodating.Solid indian food, typical buffet. Sometimes the people who are taking-out, pick the big pieces of meat our of the curries, but that is not the restaurants fault. Nice place, since it was re-done inside. Good place to come for quick tasty food .So I use to go to this place back in 2005 with my family & haven't been there since, so I decided to go there with some friends. BAD DECISION! They quality of the food had went don't tremendously! We waited 20 minutes for some naan and the waiter got upset when we got new food because ours was cold. The place was NOT sanitary and the chicken had little pieces of rocks o_O Save your $$ and go to New Dali instead!   
Last note: The tandoori chicken was raw, like still bleeding raw!!!I've had delivery from Tandoor India a few times.  Some of the vegetarian dishes I've tried are GREAT and definitely better than others I've had in Philly (including TIffin).  The meat dishes I've tried (chicken & lamb) have been disappointing, except the fish, which was tasty. The raita & veg samosa are not bad.
I'd heartily recommend:
- saag paneer
- channa masala
- malai kofta
4 stars for the veg dishes but I'd avoid the meat dishes in general.I've been to this place a few times over the past two years. Not the best food in my opinion. They have a lunch and dinner buffet, but the options are slim compared to some of the other places around. Good thing is that its never very busy -- so finding an open table is fairly easy!Yes, I'm a fan, though it's a bit hit-or-miss depending on the dish. The dosas and vadas are awesome and a great value, but the idli left and the buffet me disappointed. Still, it's great to have some South Indian veg stuff in Philly, which has had a lack of really good Indian restaurants since Ravi got sick and Samosa Vegetarian closed some years back.We had catered from Tandoor for a club event, and were incredibly happy with not only the food but also the awesome service! Brian, the owner, brought our food to our location himself and helped us rearrange our tables several times! He made sure to constantly check that everything was ok, and whether Tandoor could do anything else. I really think they went the extra mile! Tandoor offered the best price by far! We have already placed our next big order with Tandoor, and look forward to catering from them for many more events to come!The minimum for delivery is $15 here, but the guy on the phone insists it's $20. He just called me back and continues to insist on a $20 minimum. As a courtesy, they should've let me slide, as my order was $16.14. Screw these folks! I'm hungry and angry.I've been tandoor a few times for lunch  with my family. The staff is always very friendly, and playful with my 3 year old son. My son says it's his favorite restaurant (even though he only drinks the mango lassi). Also, the food is stellar, and I enjoy that the bring out fresh naan bread to the table. Keep up the good work!I would ideally give Tandoor a 2.5 rating, but since that's not an option, I'll go with a 3. Summary: It has slightly above average food, decent ambience, but below average staff.
Longer version: Tandoor is one of the few Indian restaurants close to where I live and I've gone there many times. My principal reason for going to Tandoor is that it offers a reasonably priced dinner buffet and definitely has better food than the New Delhi restaurant next door: for about $10 it's all you can eat, which I think is a pretty good deal. They have a wide variety of foods to choose from, and most of them taste about adequate, but their gulab jamuns in particular are delectable. It's also usually clean, and not noisy, so it's a decent option if you just want to spend an evening conversing with friends.
However, set against their above-average food and ambience is their dour, almost-hostile staff. They were never particularly welcoming or courteous, but on my last visit, they were actually rude. Besides, they don't bring out food on time either. Now, I expect this behavior from an inexpensive place like the nearby Dana Mandi (which by the way has the best Indian food in this area), but not from Tandoor. 
I see from other reviews that take-out is perhaps a better option; maybe the food tastes better and you won't have to deal with the staff. But for dining in, I wouldn't really recommend the place. And the sad part is that Tandoor can so easily fix their problem: all they need to do is to give their waiters some basic lessons in courtesy.The food is delicious. It's not fancy, it just tastes really good and isn't very expensive, either. The curry goat is delicious and has actually big pieces of goat (not lamb, goat). The food actually seems closer to Indo-Caribbean cuisine than traditional Indian... but what do I know about Indian food? Nothing, really. Except that I love it and I love it when they make it.Tandoor India has a great Indian buffet with all the essentials at a great price. They're constantly bringing out fresh trays -- granted, they sort of have to, with the popularity of the buffet -- so you never have to worry about getting old, cold, or dried out dishes.  
My favorite dish is the saag paneer. I could just keep loading my plate up with the stuff for hours, honestly. But the naan -- I love exploring the great breads of the world -- the naan is deliciously oily, and it you can pile whatever you want on top; it won't get too soggy. 
At dinner, I believe the buffet is $9.95, and it includes a choice of desserts and coffee.I don't usually post reviews but I just wanted to say this place was absolutely amazing. We first ordered off of grubhub and the food was not as good as we expected. However, the Brian took care of the entire situation and made us go from never eating there again, to our future go to spot. He was very caring, professional, and handled a bad situation with absolute professionalism. It was everything you wanted to see out of an owner/manager. The food was absolutely amazing and so was the service. We really felt like royalty dining in there. I recommend everyone and anyone to try this place out!Great improvement in customer service since last time! The buffet is great. The tandoori chicken at tandoor is the closest to the one back home in India. Chicken tikka was amazing. Will definitely visit again :) Thanks Brian!Tonight I had dinner buffet at tandoor food is excellent chutney chicken , butter chicken and veg gobhi mussalim I never had my life .food is to delicious  I will back next timeTandoor restaurant is one of my favorite indian restaurant! I love the food specially the chicken tika masala and fresh naan that is served on the buffet. Also i always eat kosher and halal which all of there food is which is a huge plus point for me. The wait staff is amazing! This is a go to lunch everyday place for me from now on. They also give 10% student discount too...it cant get any better..:)A good place for Indian food. The place is small and the ambience is moderate. They have many choices and varieties. The place is moderately priced, the food taste good. I would recommend this place for lunch. The service is mediocre.This place was a decent Indian buffet, having a pretty good choice of foods. I decided to try this out with some friends on a Tuesday when sitar (our fave Indian buffet in Ucity). Their chutneys were not as flavorful as others I have tried, but i definitely was able to still enjoy my meal. I had their paneer tikka masala which was pretty good. Their butter chicken was very very sweet. Would recommend this place over New Delhi for sure.I had one of those days where you have an emergency need for Indian food - you know, one of those days. I needed to bring it to an event at a certain time, but the first two places I called couldn't accommodate me. New Delhi (4004 Chestnut Street, Philadelphia), in fact, was particularly difficult to deal with. They were absolutely unwilling to help me get the food even while I tried to be flexible. Tandoor India came to save the day! PICK TANDOOR INDIA OVER NEW DELHI! They were helpful, courteous, nice, eager to help, quick, friendly, all around a life-saver. I said, "can you do this for me within 30 minutes?" and they said "absolutely" and it happened! And the food was great also. I'm not a great judge of Indian food because I haven't had a lot of Indian food, but I really enjoyed it.Came here on a Thursday night around 8 pm. When I was walking towards the restaurant I see a worker (probably the manager) looking out the door, hoping to get some customers. Walking in, there were only 2 other occupied tables who were just about to be done (although to be fare, it might've been empty due to it being summer and their huge customer base left campus). The style of the resturant is nothing to rave about. The lighting was dimmed significantly. The buffet was in the middle of the restaurant, which felt kind of like a long hallway. 
Meat options are pretty standard for an Indian buffet, with choices of goat curry, chicken misala, chicken curry, and tandoori chicken. None of those left me with an impression that I had to get more. On top of that, the rice was a bit hard (either they undercooked their rice or used old rice cuz they didn't have a lot of customers recently).  The only side I went up to get again was the naan. Lastly, the chai tea tastes really watered down. If you want a better Indian buffet experience and a good chai tea at it, then I would recommend heading to Sitar which is just a few streets down from Tandoor.We went to Tandoor India in University City for dinner on Saturday, so glad we did. We've eaten at New Dehli and Sitar, before, but were never impressed.  The new owners are extremely friendly and shared that they have been retooling the Tandoor India brand.  Apparently, Tandoor has been there for more than 25 years, so it was in need of updating, which they are doing.  So far, the bathrooms are done and if they are any indication of what is to come in the dining room, it will be a beautiful restaurant when they are done.    
More importantly, about the food.  I usually order chicken korma at Indian, but they suggested lamb korma, it was fantastic.  They assured me that all of their meat is Halal and fresh.  After eating the lamb I'm certain it was fresh.  I've never had anything like this dish, the lamb was tender in a rich cashew based sauce, but it didn't taste like it was full of heavy cream, it was rich with spices, not cream.  Truly a wonderful indulgence.  The owner also recommended a pumpkin masala dish.  I had read great reviews about it before going, so we quickly agreed, glad we did. The dish healthy (by Indian restaurant standards) since there is no cream and minimal oil, but it has wonderful spices.  I highly recommend it!  
The owner said they brought on a new chef who is highly trained in both North Indian and South Indian dishes.  The chef will be putting one South Indian dish on their buffet every day (we didn't have the buffet, but next time we will).  I'm looking forward to trying South Indian flavors since all the other restaurants I know of cook Northern Indian.
Good luck to the new owners, they are doing great things.I have been to Tandoor India countless times over the last 10 years.
The food is not the fanciest, but it is plentiful, tasty, and, best of all, the price is right.  We always get the buffet so we have a little of all the flavors.  I have always found the foods to taste fresh and homecooked (although I did not grow up on Indian food, so it may differ from your grandmother's recipe).
The decor has been the same for at least the decade that I have been going there.  It looks like a hole-in-the-wall type place, but the owners are present and very friendly.
To be fair, I have been to better, fancier Indian restaurants, so if you are looking for the high class, gourmet, impress-your-date experience, this may not be it.  But if you are looking for satisfying, tasty food at a great price this is a great choice.Out of all the three Indian eateries in University City, I would rank Tandoor as #3. The food was OK (could use more variety), but it was just the atmosphere that did not quite sell to me.I keep coming back to this place, and am always happy. Their take-out portions are very very generous, and a great value. I almost always end up ordering the Navratan Korma, which they make very spicy on request. It has all the vegetables I crave, and even sometimes comes with paneer cheese, which is a nice surprise. The raita sauce cools down the heat and balances the flavors. The take-out portion makes two good meals for me.
The buffet is good too when I'm in the mood for something quick, although I usually prefer to have leftovers. Although I found I prefer the chicken dishes on the buffet at Sitar, Tandoor's samosas and desserts are much better. I would say for the buffet I would switch between Sitar and Tandoor. I enjoyed my meal at New Dehli as well, but in the end I always end up back at Tandoor.This is my Indian/Pakistani restaurant. I love this place. Just got back from an Express Lunch where they treated me to a wonderful chicken kardhi, fluffy rice and perfect naan. There are two more Indian restaurants in the area and I've been to both. After I tried Tandoor India I can no longer visit those places. Sorry, but I found my Indian/Pakistani niche.Food was great as it was my first time eating at an Indian Restaurant. My friend and I went during lunch hour where there was a buffet. The buffet had many options that tasted great. It was indeed a refreshing experience. However, one small qualm is the change in price. We arrived during lunch hour which the waiter explained. Now we did leave after lunch hour was over and was charged the dinner hour's price. I don't know if there was some discrepancy since you'd think my friend and I should've paid the lunch hour's price. We should've paid first. They need to have the hours of lunch and dinner printed to see so there isn't a feeling of perceived unfairness. Would go back for the food on one condition that I am sure to pay the appropriate price during the appropriate hour.We went here on a Monday night as New Delhi was closed.  We would have been better off picking another cuisine instead of substituting with Tandoor India.  The staff were so dour that they would have been better suited for working for a funeral home than a restaurant.  All the food was mediocre at best and the selection on the buffet was very small compared to ND.  We finished our pitcher of water and were not provided a refill.  The rice in the rice pudding was overcooked.... and I got very bloated after eating here - a reaction I have never had in the past to eating anything.  My fiance had the same outcome.I really enjoyed this place! I went for a lunch buffet and had a positive experience. The service here is great - the servers were very attentive and the manager was very friendly. He even helped to point out which specific dishes would be safe for my food allergies, and he offered me a free sample of their mango lassi. The ambiance was cozy and the food was delicious. I loved the complimentary chai tea at the buffet! I decided to try this place out instead of opting for any other place in University City where I would have spent the same amount of money, if not more, for less food and mediocre service/ambiance. I look forward to coming back to this place soon!Do not get catering from Tandoor with its new management. 
We ordered chai tea and samosas and they brought our chai tea in a plastic gallon milk bottle (one bottle was $50, ridiculous). The tea itself is now awful too, completely bland.  We even saw traces of dried milk on the bottles, made us wonder if they even cleaned them. Also those bottles have very soft plastics that nearly melted with the hot chai. Previously, they brought a proper plastic container and for $50 we could serve 45+ people with no problem and it tasted great.  
The samosas are now also more expensive, we only got 33 with $50.  
I haven't been to the buffet since the new management, so this review is strictly for their catering practices.Tandoor did not live up to expectations.  The food was bland and oily.  I highly question the palettes of people that are giving this place anything higher than 2 stars.
My roommate and I had take out from this place a little while ago.  We both agreed that the food was mediocre at best.  The next day, we were both sick from it.
They did throw in free desert, which was nice.  Perhaps they do this to win over customers who otherwise would not be satisfied.
I'm never going back again.It's been all amazing.. My food was beyond great, everything was done to perfection. I have had my fair share of Indian in the last few months.wonderful atmosphere with attentive and personal staff!! Food is delectableThis place needs a lot of attention!! The man at front desk needs to learn how to treat customers! Upon my visit, I checked the buffet and while I was at door to call my other friends the front desk guy asked us to go and check the food in New Delhi restaurant next door!! I was surprised as hell we often dine in there and love the food but this guy made the night , A nightmare! Very disappointed and couldn't understand why was he referring us to the other restaurant?!!I came for their Sunday buffet for the first time for brunch.  Brian, the owner was so gracious and attentive to our large group!  We were a party of 8 with a few vegans included.  Brian and the rest of the employees at Tandoor went out of their way to provide more vegan options for our group.  The food is absolutely delicious!!  I really had to resist the urge to make my 3rd trip up to the buffet.  We will be back again and again!Not authentic Indian cuisine -- it tasted like the Indian version of a kraft dinner.  No music, a place for lonely people to eat lunch alone, plastic chicken, and microwaved naan.  Make sure you don't need to use the bathroom while you are there.  It is disgusting!  Redeeming qualities are decent dessert and cheap?Food was very pathetic. NO taste and chicken was literally hard like rubber. Non cooperative staff. Seriously, if you are looking for Indian food, please do not waste your money and time going here. Highly disappointed. ZERO STAR.The samosa tasted so good! It's a must try here! Btw, the buffet price is not expensive which in sensible price. Try it!The buffet is meh.  The selection is reasonable but the food is not exciting.  Given that the buffet is all you can eat, however, you will not leave hungry.Though I've still enjoyed some of the vegetarian dishes here, the quality has declined somewhat. (I never found the meat dishes good here before, so that hasn't changed.) Meanwhile, catering prices have gone up.
1. Saag paneer had much less cheese, was greasier & not as flavourful. Cheese cubes hadn't softened & absorbed flavour.
2. Aloo gobi (cauliflower & potato) seemed undercooked such that the flavours hadn't developed. The cauliflower was too raw & hadn't softened up sufficiently to absorb the flavours. The veggies either need to be cooked longer or cut into smaller pieces so they cook faster.
3. Navratan Korma had a similar problem: vegetables are undercooked & lacking in flavour.
4. Veg kofta was still tasty, but also a little undercooked (in the middle).
5. Baigan bharta seemed greasier and not as tasty as before.Ordered delivery. It was tasty but not worth the price. Portions too small to warrant $14.99. Lamb Rogan Josh had 2 small thin pieces of pepper and an entire red onion. As you can see in the picture, ( 1/4 of the onion were actually consumed) the tin didn't have too much lamb or peppers. Favors were good but not great.The chicken malabar was absolutely phenomenal. It was very light but still had a lot of flavor and the coconut bites mixed with the mango sauce played off each other so well. The sheekh kebab with lamb was packed with spices and very filling. The only reason this got a 4 star is because the service is pretty slow and it was hard to get the waitress' attention.Stopped here for a quick bite after a several hour session at the tattoo shop next door, and was pleasantly surprised by some of the tastiest lamb Tikka Masala I've ever had. Even the naan was best in class.
There was literally no other patrons when I was there at 4pm, but the peaceful setting was perfect for me. I ate outside on the front deck and listened to the sound of the L train.Bold flavors and bright spices! Very kind and accommodating staff. LOVE IT!My boyfriend lives a couple blocks away from here, so naturally we gave it a shot a few months ago. We've ordered from there three times since and the food is consistently fantastic.Great service and really good food at the Indian restaurant in Kensington under the El. The onion naan was excellent, as was the mushroom and pea curry. I had it "Indian medium" which was spicy, but not enough. Next time, I'm going for "Indian hot."Consistently good.  Great service and a very nice variety of dishes! A waitress has made some great recommendations on food choice and spice level.Great little Indian place in the Fishtown neighborhood of Philadelphia. The location is a little off the beaten path under the overpass, but still a worthwhile trip! 
BONUS: there is parking onsite so no need to search for street parking! 
We went for lunch and the staff was very friendly and attentive. We got the papri chaat, paneer pakoda, and lamb biriyani for our meals. We each also ordered a chai (hot and cold) with our meal. 
The food was excellent with all the right notes of Indian spicy without being too overwhelming. I would recommend the mango chutney! The chutney is sweet and tangy and is a nice compliment to any dish. I think the chais were decent, though would prefer a little more masala - will make it a note to ask for this next time. 
Will be planning a repeat visit soon to try some of the other offerings.While the location is under the El and still in a sketchy area when the sun sets...the food is amazing, flavorful and worth every penny. Wait staff is attentive and kind. Come hungry! You won't be disappointed!Tandoor has made this Indian girl VERY happy.  The location is convenient and there are actual parking spots! 
We ordered the Chaat Papri and it was flavorful and crisp, although the pieces of papri did get a little mushy since they poured the chickpeas on top.  The red onion chutney on the side was tasty as well.  We also had the Aloo Gobi and Lamb Seek Kebab, both were great. Now for the most important thing: the bread.  We tried the Methi Parantha and Onion Kulcha. I am picky about my bread but was pretty happy with this.  The Methi tasted great and the onions really shined through with the Kulcha and complimented the food really well.
Since they just opened the service isn't yet completely smooth and they didn't have the kulfi that was on the menu, however this is an excellent starting point and the Gulab Jamuns made up for my kulfi craving.I like going to Tandoor.  There's a parking lot and street parking is usually empty.  It's also easy to get to by the El train (stop at Berks station).  
Not to call out any other reviews but, I don't get why people complain about the decor.  People usually go to restaurants for the quality of the food and service, not because of the color of a carpet. tf?
Anyways, I've had the Samosas chat, vegetable platter, goat curry, goat vindaloo, chicken tikka masala, lamb korma, butter chicken, salmon masala, salmon fish bhuna, cheese naan, and garlic naan.  Everything tastes great each time I've visited!  I haven't had a bad meal yet.   The service is always great!  I get my watered filled frequently.  I'd absolutely recommend getting a cheese nan and dip it in any saucy platters you'd get.  Also, the salmon fish bhuna is bomb.  
I think the one suggestion I'd have is if you are person who wants really spicy food, you need to really let them know and push them to give you "Indian Spicy"!The other day I craved Indian food with little to no human interaction, so off to Grubhub I went.  Lucky for me Tandoor delivers to my house in Port Richmond so I figured I'd give them a try over my old standby Ekta. Well, I'm happy to report that Tandoor is a worthy Ekta opponent!
I ordered veggie samosa, chicken tikka masala, and garlic naan, and was very happy with all my choices. I never tried samosa before but was intrigued by the description, and it was very delicious. I especially liked the sauce served with it. The chicken was less heavy and rich than others I've had, but still quite good. The naan was the perfect vehicle for which to sop up the left over masala sauce. 
Unlike Ekta, Tandoor didn't render me penniless after ordering a meal.  This whole Indian feast only cost me $24. Delivery was fast and friendly, and I will be a repeat customer!Tandoor opened in very close walking distance of our Fishtown home, and I didn't want to get my hope up too high... Philly has fantastic food in general, but we have had trouble finding good Indian food compared to other places we've lived. Fortunately, Tandoor completely exceeded my expectations. It's menu is expansive and varied, and I'm still (happily) working my way through their curry list. I love their dining porch in summer - cute tiki torches, wooden picnic style tables and umbrellas go great with BYOB cold beer or wine. The staff is friendly. Pick-up or delivery is easy, especially in winter when we're lazy and want to curl up on the couch with a movie. And the food is just really good - the curries are complex and flavorful and taste fresh. I've especially been impressed with their veggie dishes - the bhindi (okra) is one of the best I've had. Highly recommend!The food was decent enough, don't get me wrong. But they are not good at customer service. We ordered through GrubHub (delivery service) and through them, if you order over $35 worth of food, you get a free order of mixed pakora. They did not send the free order. I gave them a call and they apologized and said they would send out another one within the hour. It never arrived. You can find equally good Indian food elsewhere with better service.
Tl;dr - decent food, poor customer service. Search elsewhere if you are a harbinger of bad service.Not worth the price. I've been here a few times but my last couple recent experiences were not good. Food is okay, not worth the price. I saw a mouse in the lobby. When I saw the mouse and told the manager he apologized, but that is all. The staff is kind. My very last experience I went and they said they were closed for "cleaning" and could only let us eat outside. I'd pass on going here again.Delicious and very hospitable. Try the tandoori mixed grill. We had ours medium spicy and it was perfect.I ordered delivery via Grubhub. The delivery man specifically asked for cash payment. I paid for the order and received the food. Few hours later, I received an email stating that PayPal was charged for my order. When Grubhub reached out to the restaurant, the restaurant owner stated that the delivery man did not receive any cash for my order. I don't like doing business with dishonest people and this restaurant fits the bill. WILL NEVER ORDER FROM THIS PLACE AGAIN.Ordered takeout lunch one day - naan, paneer tikka masala, and mulligatawny soup. The soup was underwhelming--thin (which can be okay when the flavor is sublime), unimpressive flavor and so overwhelmingly salty. Small container. Would not order again and not worthy of the $4. Naan was fine, I like Ekta's better. Paneer tikka masala was when the surprise happened, as it was not paneer but chicken. Luckily I am not a vegetarian, though as a former one this would be quite shocking and frustrating. I took advantage of getting a more expensive entree at a lower price. Chicken was very tender. The sauce was average. Sad to not have the paneer. I'll give them another shot in the future but for now, I will probably go with Ekta in this area.This place is AMAZING. Excellent service, delicious food, reasonable price. And it is also BYOB! We had tnadoori mix, which was quite a big portion and very testy. Lessi drink is also good and of course they have good naan. Place worst trying.. they also deliver. The restaurant it self was very clean and neat. Simple design....Indian music...cozy. for sure will be backMy husband and I went to this restaurant yesterday and were totally impressed. This was some of the best Indian food I have ever had. As vegetarians, we were thrilled to find ample, well labeled options; the ingredients were fresh and flavorful, chock full of amazing herbs. We got everything medium spicy, which had just a bit of kick but not fiery. Honestly? A perfect meal. My husband actually said the words, "this is almost too delicious." 
While the area surrounding the restaurant is unglamorous and might deter some, its location between Fishtown and S Kensington makes it pretty convenient for all the denizens of this up and coming area. The decor is nice if a bit cavernous. Pleasant waitstaff and fast service. 
Give up on Ekta and Tiffin and go for this place instead!When I placed my order for pick-up, they told me 20 minutes. I arrived 30 minutes later and they said "oh it will just be 2 minutes", then someone else said "actually 5 minutes". The poor hostess/cashier seemed really embarrassed that the order wasn't ready. I soon realized that they hadn't even started on our order because I saw the chef take out the ingredients to make my boyfriend's dish. I waited at the restaurant for almost 30 minutes while they made my food. They were somewhat apologetic but not nearly as much as they should have been and the longer I waited, the more angry I got and I was too hungry to cancel the order and ask for my money back. The manager gave me a free smoothie, but I feel like they should have done more to make up for the fact that almost an hour had gone by since I ordered the food. Apparently, they lost my ticket because they had just gotten a bunch of orders at once, but this was just unacceptable. When I FINALLY got home to eat, I found the food to be pretty tasty but this experience was so irritating that I most likely won't be going back here.Ordered twice only to give a fair review. First time everything was good. Nicely seasoned tiki Masala and lamb samosa. Delivery was kinda of track but it was ok. Second time food was subpar. Tasted too salty and delivery was late.
3rd time ordered delivery through Grubhub instead. 20 minutes late...........please change your delivery person. Please. The containers in the bag were lopsided. Sauce were leaked all over.Went here today for the first time. Place is very clean and the kitchen is open so you can see that the kitchen is well kept. My server was very attentive. I had the chicken tika masala and the garlic nan. The bread was fresh and made right then and there. The chicken was also very good and the sauce was mild as I had asked. Overall good experience. Will be back.Tasty!
If you're new to Indian food, don't be afraid to ask about the menu. Staff is very easy going and answered all my questions. If something turns out to be too hot, add yogurt and it tones it down without killing the flavor!
The only con is service is slowwwww. I suppose it must be to make such delicious fresh food!I came in for a local event (@bestbite), and we were able to try several appetizers, main dishes, and desserts. I tried the samosa chaat, chili chicken, tandoor chicken, chicken tikka masala, tarka daal, Palak paneer, fresh naan, and gulab jamin in kheer (dessert).
Hands down, some of the BEST main dishes I've ever had. As an Indian who has tried these dishes a million and one times, I must say this was the best damn Indian food I've had in all philadelphia. The sauces have 25 different spices, and they have truly perfected each recipe. The PALAK PANEER (which informally never even like) is the BEST PALAK PANEER IVE EVER HAD, no lie!
They have parking, it's BYOB, and there's outdoor seating. Would DEFINITELY recommend this restaurant. 
And be sure to ask the chef his story and why he created this restaurant. It's special.This was my first time having Indian Food since I've move here and I am so glad I made the drive. The food was tasty and fresh and the staff was friendly. I'll definitely be back.My husband and I stopped in tonight for the first time. So delicious! That garlic naan! The staff was also incredibly nice and went out of their way to make sure we were happy. We will definitely be back soon!The wins: food arrived piping hot.
Huge portions. 
Lots of selection of vegetarian and non veg dishes.
The wins were their non veg dishes--we got the lamb korma, tandoor chicken, and butter chicken.
You know how sometimes tandoori chicken is pink but flavorless? Not here. Spicy and still tender with some grilled peppers and veggies.
The aloo gobi and palak paneer while not bad on the spice side were a bit too overcooked. I'm glad to have another Indian delivery in my rotation!Edit: Third visit, bumpin 'em up to 5 stars.  
Been here twice now and very impressed on both visits. Nice, low key place for a casual dinner. 
Food has been awesome (chicken jalfrezi, bhindi masala, and chicken tikka recommended) I could seriously hurt myself eating their naan!
Service is on point, with water glasses never empty, food coming out quickly, and friendly smiles all around. Plus, the outdoor seating is definitively a perk.How in the world does this place got 4 stars???
The table cloth was sooooo dirty it was disgusting! How do you not clean and/or change it for the next customer? Oily spots, spilled food, etc. gross! 8-0
Food looked like they used frozen vegetable medley from the grocery store and threw it together with some random sauce, cuz it for sure wasn't a curry. And the Vegetable biryani was a soggy mess. Zero taste! No flavor at all! 
So bad. Even worse when you leave so unsatisfied in terms of flavor. Will never ever go back will I ever recommend this place to anybody.Awesome food awesome service! I gave this place a try and it is beautiful. The staff is friendly and it is in a convenient spot right at the Berks station on the MFL. Nice setup inside, best Indian food in Philly!Food is good. Food comes out warm and the taste is also very good. Service is very friendly and they are very accommodating. Being of desi background, the food tastes authentic and delicious. Prices are also very reasonable.The food tasted really good. My friend and I were enjoying it until I bit into something that tasted weird. I spit it out and it was a roach. I was so grossed out I cried lol. My friend went back to the restaurant the next day to get her money back since they were closed by the time the food was delivered to us. 1st and last time ordering from this place!!This place is disgusting. The old grey rug, the junk laying around, and the creepy juice machine in the back. This place looks like a group of guys put it together. Sad part is, the space could be beautiful. Parking lot empty, place empty... Should have known. 
The food is just as sad as the place. Had the chicken tikka masala and it was the worst I have ever had. I came home and threw up, my husband said the chicken tastes tough, rubbery, and from the back of a freezer. Oh and the amazing reviews? I'm gunna call it: multiple owner and family Yelp accounts. These reviews can't be real! 
The sauce it was in tasted like hell. I have never had the dish taste like that. Then what most Indian restaurants give you (papadum) they charge $1.99 for-Cheap! Oh, and we should have ran... They burned ours. 
Called the guy over to let him know the food tasted bad and he said "oh thank you" I said... No not thank you... It's bad. Finally he understood, and took it off. 
Overall: Place sucks, seriously. In every way. Food-Atmosphere- I don't know of a better Indian place to recommend but I do know of one not to go to- this one!The curried goat and lamb are delicious generous portions or each dish. The naan is out of this world melt in your mouth goodness. The saffron rice combo dish was a tad dry for my tastes but still was delectable there are plenty of dishes I plan on trying in the near future.No air-conditioning inside HOT AS BALLS, food is inconsistent on spiciness, or server forgot someone's drink, to put in one order of appetizers, we had to ask for silverware, we never got rice, we have to ask for water refills. Service unpleasant if you constantly have to track down your server and ask for things, the food was good but I would not go back here because I did not enjoy the experience.Great experience. Fantastic food, best service, best Indian restraunt around philly. It's worth coming back again.Ordered delivery tonight.  Specified Mild on my entree.  It was so hot, it was inedible.  I spent $46.00 on food that we threw away because of the spice.  Completely unacceptable.  I would like a full refund.We ordered delivery on a Sunday night. Our order was correct, plentiful and delicious. We got three vegetarian entrees which came with large servings of rice and we also ordered the bread basket which was hot when it arrived and a large serving. We fed 5 people!! Will definitely order again. Delivery took about an hour.I have been meaning to write a glowing review of this place for quite some time. My husband and I live walking distance to Tandoor and have been to this place a few times. We always leave full and satisfied with the ambiance, the food and the service! On cool summer nights, we dine outside in their patio. It's BYOB which is awesome. My husband would always bring a bottle of wine to go with their great food. I can't say enough wonderful things about Tandoor and I am so glad they came to Fishtown =) Highly recommended!Best Indian food in Philly. Get anything with lamb and the tikka masala. Really enjoyed the service and the manager is the man!Amazing food. I am very picky when trying out Indian restaurants. This restaurant is really cool specializing in Tandoor and clay oven Naan's . i thoroughly enjoyed it and hope you all do too.I've tried Ekta and Tiffin and while they were both decent, but I think this place takes the cake when it comes to the best Indian food I've had in Philadelphia. 
I've tried the Baingan Barta, Navratan Korma and the Malai Kofta and all three dishes were consistently delicious. Growing up in India and living close enough to Oak Tree road in Edison for the last few years had me spoiled with Indian food. I would even go as far as advising people against Indian food within city limits of Philadelphia but now I can easily recommend Tandoor and I can't wait to take more people to this gem of a place right by Berks station.
Looking forward to trying more things from here!For a first time visit, I have to say my experience was great. The prices are very fair, the food is good, and the employees are kind and thoughtful. I am definitely making this one of my go-to restaurants.I know Indian food. This place is awesome. I had lamb biryani, tikka masala, chicken tikka tandoor, and 4 garlic naans. From the moment we walked in we were greeted with very polite staff. We ordered the food on the way to save time, we got there and waited like maybe 2 minutes after being seated before the sizzling pan of tandoori chicken came in. Everything was delicious. We ended up ordering more tikka masala because it was so tasty. Hands down 5/5 star experience.The BEST Indian Food around!! They even delivered to my home 10 minutes away , Loved it! The coconut Naan though!  The variations of Naan alone are impressive! I even have enough left over for another meal! #Tandoor for the win!Good food, pretty good naan and large portion sizes. Beware of the wait time although it's worth it.I have ordered here three times now and have nothing bad to say !! The food is amazing and so is the customer service !!! Highly recommend this place and it's right around the corner which is a bonusSTOP. Has Fishtown frozen over? Is there a place with food just as good as Ekta but with a Tiffin-ish price point? YES. And it's found under the El.
With a craving for a 'home-cooked' meal, no food in the house and rain pouring down, my sister and I decided to GrubHub/Seamless tonight's dinner. [NB. it was good enough to write a review 2 hours after eating]. Tandoor popped up and since neither of us had ever heard/tried the "newest restaurant in Fishtown," we Yelp'd the heck out of it. 
Online ordering via their website is done through GrubHub. Little stars help to let you know which items are their most popular. Instantly we went for the Kheer, because you need dessert before anything. Followed by the Shrimp Tikka Masala, Kadahi Paneer and some Naan + Mango Chutney. 
It's a Monday and the weather is terrible but we ordered and had our food delivered in 45 minutes. Miracles of miracles. GrubHub sent a text saying to expect our food by 6:20pm, we were already eating it by then! Everything was delivered hot (not that we didn't know what we were eating, but Ekta always has those nice white labels on everything). I wish I would have taken a photo of the food, but we were starving so we ate standing up at our kitchen counter. 
The Shrimp Tikka Masala had just the right amount of heat to it and my sister was content with the number of shrimp she was given in the order. The naan was fresh and warm, the container of Mango Chutney ($1.95 for a side order) is large enough for a family, we definitely had more than what we knew to do with (it will be eaten on toast tomorrow, I'm sure). My Kadahi Paneer had fresh, crunchy peppers and although not as "gravy-ish" or spicy, as I get in other restaurants, it was still very hearty. The containers of basmati rice were larger than our entrees, making sure we'd be set up for a leftovers lunch tomorrow. 
It can be hit or miss when it comes to spice and heat -- we aired on the side of caution for our first Tandoor experience. Glad to know there's a new kid in town and they're able to hit the points that the more established Indian restaurants have been missing as of late.Can only write on behalf of the delivery, but it was delicious. The Dal Makhani was perfectly flavored and spice level was at a medium if you like a little heat. The garlic naan was really tasty. The mixed tandoori platter was enough for two.  I will be ordering again.Ekta and Tiffin are OK compared to Tandoor! Even rivals my favorite indian food Cafe Bombay out in Bristol (yes, I would drive out to Bristol to get it even though Philly is filled with Indian restaurants!). We started with some classics we love, Palak Paneer and Chicken Tikka Masala, both were amazing. Don't miss the bread basket, be sure to order it if you are eating in, it was amazing fresh out of the oven. Staff is super nice and accommodating, didn't care our daughter was not so thrilled to be sitting still for a meal. Highly recommended! Good luck Tandoor! Hope you become a local favorite for others!My expectations were pretty high for Tandoor as Yelpers rave about how good the food is. A friend also recommended that I try it and he even said it was better than Ekta. 
I placed an order online via Yelp. My wait time for two entrees, an order of garlic naan and samosas was an hour. Yikes, for take-out?! I really couldn't understand how my wait time was an hour because when I went to pick up my food the restaurant was completely empty.  I was already regretting cheating on my favorite Indian restaurant Ekta.
I was excited to eat and impressed with the amount of rice I received with my order. They give you plenty. I opened the container of my chicken tikka masala to find a pool of oil above the chicken. That was a turn off. The dish tasted nothing like tikka masala and it was almost tasteless with lots of heat. It was so greasy it really killed me to eat it.   The lamb samosas lacked flavor and moisture, the meat was so dry it would easily fall out of the fried dough like crumbs. The garlic on the naan did not seem fresh and more the garlic you buy in the jar from the super market. It tasted bad, it was so thick and dense. It was the worst naan I've had. I second entrée I ordered I cannot remember the name but it contained lots of veggies and the oil in this one did not separate like the tikka masala.  This entrée was almost tasteless and it was so spicy I couldn't eat it. I was really disappointed with the food I was given and I'm stun by the fact that this restaurant has 4  1/2 stars with such great reviews. I even like the pictures Yelpers posted but my food looked nothing like it.... 
Unfortunately I will not be returning because Ekta is my go to for Indian and none other has proved to be better. Tandoor doesn't even come close....Hands down best indian restaurant in the area, food is delicious and the staff is very friendly. A nice place to dine in outdoor seating in summer time to enjoy the lovely weather! I would love to recommend this place to people.Just had an awesome dinner here! The sauce on the chicken wings is tangy, spicy and delicious. The tandoori chicken was fall off the bone tender and the garlic naan was a great combo of crispy and doughy.  Service was friendly, timely and helpful. 
Excited to have a byob place like this in the neighborhood, excited to go back!Just as good as ekta an tiffin, but featuring larger portions at more resonable prices.I ordered the chill chicken which is my favorite dish here.  The non veggie sampler. That was ok cause I didn't realize it was all fried food. Taste was very good.This is one of the top places in philly for authentic desi food. They have excellent service, the restaurant is huge, they have indoor and outdoor seating. It is always nice and clean. Their food is on point. The food has many spicy levels and always tastes very fresh and clean. I recommend this place to everyone even if you don't eat spicy food they will adjust it! 10/10So I ordered the Palak Paneer dish which has Indian cheese and creamy spinach. It's always a favorite type of dish and I don't think it could ever go wrong. It comes with a huge portion of rice and I also added plain naan and mango lassi drink. I'm so glad I had the naan bread, it's very flavorful, not too thin or thick and definitely homemade. It's goes so well with the palak paneer, as it should. But I even like the naan without anything, and usually I'm picky about the bread itself. I think the palak paneer is fantastic. It's not too salty, and the cheese seems more cooked and has a stronger taste, but doesn't over power the spinach in the dish. I've never had mango lassi in my life, but my first time trying  and I swear it was amazing! I'd totally order again, but I would really rather eat there in person some time soon!Really disappointed in my latest trip there. I love the tikka masala, but opted for curry this time. I asked for it to be extra spicy, and there was no spice at all. It wasn't very flavorful either. A good amount of chicken, but just tasteless. I asked for a Diet Coke and was given a Pepsi- a disappointment. I'd definitely stick to the tikka masala. Really disappointing curry.Great service, very hospitable staff, and excellent food.  Try the chicken dhaniwal, you'll love this non-traditional chicken dish.I frequent this place often, due to location and quality of food. The service is great too, and if you love spicy, they do spicy very well! I haven't had a bad dish from here in the past 6 months I've been going there. I would suggest the chili chicken, Indian style buffalo wings and the mango lassi.Amazing fresh food with lots of flavor, and full of options not seen in other Indian restaurants. Friendly people, nice seating, BYOB. The food was great, and the mango lassi just like it should be but not usually is. Worth it!Great food! But the music is kind of horrible. I don't want to feel like I'm at a rave while I'm eatingFinally! An Indian restaurant in philly that gets the indian spicy just right! I have to warn you yelpers, I'm a "medium" spicy for Indian spice levels, but I was struggling with my food. I love spicy food so I was pretty happy to have found this place. My fiancé LOVED the chicken dishes he tried. The paneer tikka masala was above average as well, though I wish I had gotten the paneer makhani (my standard paneer dish at Indian restaurants) instead. 
There is plenty of parking around the area too, and a small parking lot for the restaurant. I do wish they would renovate the inside area. The outside area is very nice and worth revisiting, but if it were winter time, I would just order take out from here. The service is definitely slower if you sit outside, but it's worth the difference in ambience. You might just be a little forgotten outside :)Great new addition to the neighborhood! Had the Baingan bharta along with some bread, raita, and mango pickle. Just as flavorful as I could have hoped for. Looking forward to ordering again soon!This is one of the better Indian food spots I've tried in Philadelphia. This is probably one of the better places I've had since I've moved here over the past few years. I love spicy food so I picked the spicy and very spicy option and it actually met my expectations! 
The chicken madras was great and very flavorful. Goan fish curry was okay. I was expecting something more coconut based since its Goan and this was tomato based. The sarso ka saag was probably my favorite. 
In general, I do have to say it was a little too oily for me but it's hard to avoid that when you order Indian food. So, overall a good experience and I will def be ordering from there again.Staff called right away and offered discount.  Very good business practice.  We ordered again and it was much better.  We like it here because they listened to our concernsGreat place! Super fast delivery. The palak paneer and Naan are out of this world! I had the rice pudding and it tasted a little old so I am not sure what happened there but the entree was delicious and fillling.We ordered through GrubHub and will definitely be ordering again! The tandoori chicken and the chicken makhani were both delicious.The food is ok but the portions are ridiculously small. I like mood Indian much much better.I just checked this place out tonight and it was fantastic! Everyone was super friendly, and the food was delicious. I had the goat vindaloo and my father had the salmon tandoori, and both were amazing!! The samosa's were cooked to perfection and tasted great. I'm definitely trying to hit this place up again.My girlfriend and I were trying to find a place for dinner near a brewery, and this was the closest. We arrived to a pretty spacious spot with a decent amount of tables. Shame it is still cold out because the seats outside would be nice, but that will be for when the weather breaks. I kind of like that industrial look the space has as it appears to be an old factory style building. The staff is very friendly here and ensures you feel welcomed here! 
The food was really good here! The cheese naan bread was a great start and the Paneer Pakora was almost like cottage cheese mozzarella stick! They were really rich and creamy. My chili chicken was really flavorful. I decided on Indian Spicy and that was a great choice! The spice really kicked it up a notch and made the dish even more better! Definitely a place I will love to frequent when in the area!Super impressed with this place.  Ate here for the first time last night.  Very attentive staff.  Food was hot, delicious and plentiful.   Prices are very fair. (Two apps, 2 Lassi, two entrees and accompaniment - under $50!) We left grossly full with another full meal in our takeout containers. Loved the Bollywood on the projection screen.  As someone who grew up eating traditional Indian food made by my best friend's little old Indian mother, this food ranks right up there with some of the best I've ever had.  The look of the restaurant was great and the owner (who is gorgeous and charismatic, btw) had conversation with us about the new outdoor seating that will be coming soon.  Plenty of parking under the El and it's open until midnight! I have zero complaints and am excited to have a new go-to Indian place in the neighborhood.   I see many more late night, after bar Indian food runs in my future.  (You should know that it is BYOB!)Tonight I got the Indo Chinese chicken, hot. It was very HOT and one of the best chicken dishes ever. The Naan was tender, the rice was fragrent. Fast delivery. Love this placeGreat selection, fast service, wonderful food!  Definitely worth your time to visit.  Great outdoor seating during nice weather, great for an evening meal.I truly haven't had better Indian food, I order from here weekly and love it! Two huge thumbs up!The cuisine was of utmost dopeness, I can honestly say with gumption that the food was super chill. When I walked through the glass doors I was met with stellar smiles and glittering attitudes coupled with the fine ear candy of bollywood itself. What a treat for a small town hussy like me. I will come back for the gulab jamonďPerfect food and service, extremely fast delivery. As good as or better than other Indian food in the neighborhood, but at a better price.Overall fantastic experience our first time here. Very clean and spacious inside! Lots of options and great recommendations from our waitress. We had the Indian chicken wings, naan basket, lamb chops and chicken seekh kebab. Entrees came with basmati rice. Food was very well seasoned and cooked just right. 
We agreed we would definitely come back next time we are in philly!
Try it out :)If you plan to eat in the restaurant, be aware the noise level can be fairly old.
Tandoor Authentic is located right across from an elevated train track and they keep the music somewhat loud (at least when I was there). 
On the bright side, the food is pretty good. I rate the food quality as higher than Ekta but not quite perfect yet.
The price point is also decent.
If the noise level was a bit lower, Tandoor would easily be four stars. Delivery via GrubHub and there own driver is available as well.