Somehow, I managed to live a block away from this bar and not go in for MONTHS. Then, a friend let me know about the mystery beer special. For $3, you get a random beer in a paper bag. No returns, exchanges, or complaining. Mysteries are a lot of fun when you go with a few friends. 
Really great assortment of bottles and drafts otherwise.
I love the food, especially the chili, potato skins, and ostrich burger. If I'm in the mood for a pint and a burger, Tangier is the first place I think of. Proximity may have something to do with it, but I love it there.Now a solid 4 stars.
I'm very sorry I said in my last review that I wanted to slap my server. She was very friendly this time, and must have had a bad night last time. I liked her A LOT this time.
The wings are still spectacular, and we ate a full dinner this time. My burger was great. Done medium, as ordered, but without the runny blood coming out of my burger! Next time I will ask for my bun not to be toasted though....too hard to eat. Boyfriends' fish and chips was standard frozen fish, but their fries are pretty good. and there is only one cook in the kitchen!
A bunch of Mystery beers and board games later, I sit here drunkenly writing this review. Service was a little slow at times, and I don't recommend their mixed drinks. but for Beer wings and food just go!I have never reviewed a bar on Yelp.  But the latest reviews of Tangier have me wondering if we are at the same bar.  
First off this is a bar with bar food.  It is not a restaurant with middle eastern food.  But as a neighborhood bar, this place is great.  Wings are fantastic and other food is very good.  Service is great.  Bartenders know you if you have set foot in the bar before and beers are the right price.  If you are in the neighborhood and in the mood for a good beer and good company, stop by.  You won't be disappointed.  
But like all places in Center City, there occasionally are pretentious Penn students who feel the world should cater to only them.The service isn't spectacular but the food is great for bar food and they have a nice beer list. Their wings are amazing... it's the sauce! I love that they keep a bottle of the wing sauce on the table because it's great on fries too. I've also had their sliders. It was an order of three sliders; If I remember correctly, there was one beef, one turkey, and one buffalo. They were delicious too. The waitresses are never very friendly or attentive, but I'm ok with that for the type of place it is. No frills, just good food and beer.Tangier is one of my favorite dive bars. The bartenders are really nice and get your drinks quick, fast, and in a hurry.  The wings are also banging especially with their homemade blue cheese..chunky and rich!  So good!Tangier is a great local watering hole.  They have a great selection of beers, about 15 on tap and hundreds of cans and bottles.  There wings are arguably the best in the city; other highlights are the fries, taco salad, and burger specials.  
Lets call a spade a spade, this is not five star dining its a local bar.  The bartenders are very friendly though table service can be a little rough around the edges.  If you are looking for a place to have a beer and/or wings and you don't have a stick in your you know what, Tangier is the place for you.  
Oh and to the reviewer that was complaining their wasn't Moroccan food... wow.This was the last stop on a bar tour I took last weekend. As soon as I walked in, I knew why it was included. Ever see Invincible with Mark Wahlberg? Of course you have. This place is just like the neighborhood bar that you walk into up at the corner of your street. It's also exactly the type of place I would like to own if I ever had the chance someday. Fantastic food and beer selection. An atmosphere that you have to experience at least once.Hells Yeah!    This place is small and friendly.  The price is right and they were open during the snow storms of '10.   3 dollars for a random bag of beer is pretty friggin cool as well.I love the fact that so many people hate my local dive bar. Keeps you whinging yelp / tripadvisor food critic wannabes away.
Drinks are strong and the burgers are great. Seriously: if you're looking for fine dining, white linens, silver service (or Moroccan food - LOL!) - you're very much in the wrong place - you and your wallet should keep heading north on 18th St.Tangier isn't without its problems; I can see how some people find the service unfriendly or even downright rude, but for me, it's all part of their charm.  Obviously that's not for everyone.  The beer selection (moreso their bottles than what's on tap) is somewhere between good and very good.  But the real star here -- at least for me -- is their wings.  I like to think I've sampled most of the heavy-hitters in Philadelphia, and I always come back to Tangier for their wonderful, more-buttery-than-usual wings.  They most likely won't appeal to people who equate wing quality with heat, but they're absolutely perfect, by my standards.  And my four stars are based on the bottle selection, the rotating menu of retro drinks, and the wings.I am giving this place a so-so review only because it calls itself a restaurant.
Mystery beer? Fun. Crusty, abrasive service? Charming. Divey atmosphere? Lovely. I just don't think the food's that good.
Also: be careful going down the stairs to the bathroom. A drunk's nightmare!As a neighbor to this bar for the last two years I can honestly say this is what a local bar should be.  Small, friendly, and typically busy...but not overly crowded.  You would be very hard pressed to find a friendlier group of bartenders.  The menu is typical for a bar of its type.  The specialty is wings, though the chili is awfully good as well.  If they don't make your order hot enough they have roughly 25 different types of hot sauce for you to enhance your order with.  The mystery beer idea is very novel.  For 3 dollars you get a beer in a bag. The mystery beer can range from a Pabst to a Microbrew and they are never the same.  They are also starting the headless camel club (the bars mascot) which entails drinking 90 beers in 90 days.  All of the beers listed for the club are 4 dollars and several (microbrews, strongbow, etc) are quite good and would cost much more elsewhere.  
Bottom line, Tangier is a Philly bar through and through.  Good people, good food, better than average beer selection, lots of laughs, sports every night and games at your disposal.  It does have the personality of a Philly bar, so expect up front service, no bs, and a casual atmosphere.  IF you walk in with those expectations you won't be disappointed.Get the Beer in a Bag special. It's like a Beer holiday surprise every time you get one. 
Food is decent and it's never over crowded. A good place to chill out and hang with some friends who are excellent conversationalists. If you have boring, uninteresting friends, you should not go here. 
There is a great theatre around the corner called Plays and Players to see a show. They typically have cool stuff going on. 
Parking lot next to Tangier is $9 for 24 hours of parking. MUCH better deal than the place one block down.I'm torn. I absolutely love Tangier on the nights that LT is working (Sun, Tues, Wed).  He plays great music and is always cracking jokes, dancing and making you feel welcome. But I typically don't go any other nights. The other bartenders aren't as friendly and the playlist isn't as good.  
I'm also torn b/c well...the food. It's terrible. Do not, under any circumstances, eat there. 
And the waitress. One time my friend, who doesn't eat beef, ordered a turkey burger. It came looking a little...grey.  We asked the waitress if she was sure it was turkey. She grunted yes and walked away.  After we each took a small bite to confirm it was turkey we were baffled. It sure as hell didn't taste like turkey. Suddenly the waitress showed up chuckling to herself and said she got the orders mixed up. The incredibly dry slab of "meat" sitting in front of us was in fact a bison burger. My friend gagged. Sadly, the turkey burger that finally arrived (wthout apology) was equally terrible.  
The only saving grace of the food at tangier is the large selection of oh-my-god-i-want-to-die hot sauces that will burn you to the point that you forget how bad the food is. I mean, how do you make cheese fries disgusting?
Go to drink mystery beers and laugh with LT. Eat beforehand.Actually on Tuesday  it is one star and any other day is a 4. The Tuesday waitress is remarkably rude. Others remark on her in their reviews. I was told she is the owner's daughter, and I only hope this is a vicious rumor and not the height of dysfunction. Go on a different night, enjoy a mystery beer and a game of connect four.Not bad. decently priced food and drinks, good service and not flashy at all. We were sitting outside and pretty much got attacked by spiders - so weird. But other than that, i'd def go back for another happy hour or two.I've occupied an outside table a Tangier a time or two in warmer weather, but I went inside for the first time on a recent Tuesday night. 
The place was packed. Seemed to all be "regulars" too. Which I like. And it's entertaining when the sound is up on Jeopardy and everyone plays along and you overhear the following conversation between two intoxicated middle-aged men as follows:
Man 1: "you know that Balboa museum in Spain?" 
Man 2: (momentary confusion) "you mean the Bilbao museum?"
Man 1: "yeah, I guess. I don't like it"
Man 2: "have you been there?"
Man 1: "no, I just don't like the way it looks in pictures"
Decent beer selection, but the wings were less than stellar, which was disappointing. Should have taken advantage of the wall of hot sauces at the end of the bar. Service is perfunctory, but befitting the overall atmosphere. It's like your neighborhood diner complete with regulars drinking coffee, ordering the $2.99 two-egg special and loudly discussing that week's obituaries...only it's a bar.I'm about to start a group discussion called Philly's Best Wings.
If I had done this days ago, I probably would have a nice batch of sauce-covered wingies and chunk blue cheese nestled deep in my stomach. 
Instead I searched far and Citysearch wide (and yes, I checked Yelp, too) and all I got was Chickie and Pete's (too far) and Rib Ranceh. Come on. Best wings in Philly and Google can't turn up one distinct list? Okay so many people said Tangier and I ventured out for them.
The wings were meh...skin wasn't crispy or too flavorful. The sauce was that oily orange sauce that pools around the wings rather than dresses them. And their blue cheese? No chunks - just liquid. Ew.
Come on people. Don't make me go to Hooters for wings!An excellent little sports bar in Philly.  We were given amazing and attentive service by Nicole.  Nothing more to say really, just a nice little hole in the wall sports bar in Philly with great beers on tap.I have yet to come here for games, but I live down the block and just love the low key vibe of this place! It dicey, but not dirty and the staff are great. One star off for the mediocre food, but their beer selection is excellent and I love brown bag Fridays !I had a hankering for something from down on the bayou and ordered a shrimp po-boy with my beer. I should have held that thought for an actual Creole restaurant and went with the roasted pork sandwich my fiance and her cousin had, which was very moist and flavorful.
It's not that the po-boy was bad, it just isn't their forte. I would order it again at a different place, but Tangier has plenty of other items to offer that are better.Nice, low key neighborhood bar. Friendly staff and causal atmosphere. Their wings are the best in town, hands down! It has a nice crisp to it yet the meat inside is soft and juicy. The buffalo sauce is the right amount of tang and spice without being too overpowering and without overly drenching the wings.
Also, quizzos is great here. The questions are a nice mix of genres and they are of medium difficulty level, not completely impossible but challenging. There's always 4 rounds, with one picture round and you can joker any one round (double your points). Being a neighborhood bar, it brings an eclectic crowd with a variety of backgrounds. The quizzo master is young, fun, and quirky. Quizzos here is always a good time.I love this bar. Mostly because it is 2 blocks from my house.
Food: Tangier has the best wings in the city. The rest is decent but the wings are the real stand-out.
Beer: Draft selection is decent but not great. Bottles are a decent selection. Mystery beer is always a fun role of the Dice.
Service: Deb the main waitress is surly and a little scary, but the more I come here the more she has found a spot in my heart. 
Bottom-line: No frills great neighborhood bar.I like the mystery beer here. You pay 3 bucks and they give you a beer in a paper bag. It's usually schmidts but occasionally its something even better, like the ever mysterious, alluring bottle of rolling rock pale ale. They also used to have free sandwiches. The waitress is gruff but not mean. I miss sweet, ginger headed anders. Oh anders, where have you gone??I had fancy dinner reservations at Fish. Their bar was full. Moseyed over to Tangier for a pre-dinner beer (cuz we're fancy like that). I guess the beer was okay, the atmosphere was almost nonexistent and I had to wait anywhere between 4-6 minutes at the empty bar for the bartender to finish his conversation before he offered me some service. However, everyone around me was eating wings and from the finger lickin and lip smackin' I saw goin' down I was lead to believe that Tangier's wings are some kinda delicious. That has to be worth something, right?I'm so sad I've lived so close to this bar for almost a year and never went until yesterday. Great beer selection, good food (we got the shrimp po boy and chicken taco salad) and Mac, an awesome bartender. The fries are delicious and you can play cards (or one of the other games they have laying around) at the bar.Good bar for a quick bite and beer when it's slow. Charming. If you expect it to be exotic, read reviews. Don't be mad at the owners for naming it after a beautiful place. Eat there. Get the stick out of your butt.Very solid 3-star experience here for beers and food. Tangier is in a pretty quiet spot, so our seats outside were lovely. Our server was attentive and friendly. We all had mystery beers - hilarious selection of everything from Bud Light and Michelob Ultra to Otter Creek and some obscure Philly beer, all for $3 each. Draft was $5. Food is inexpensive and typical bar food. The tortilla chips in the nachos were awesome, and the hummus and pita was really good. 
I have to say - these are really not the best wings in Philly. Typical fried wings in buffalo sauce. Nothing special. I had the buffalo tenders as well. Nice tenders - not your typical fried strips. And the fries were very good.Hands down, the best wings in town.
Great neighborhood bar, where people will know your name.  And as a self-proclaimed 'wing woman', these are tasty without burning your lips off.  Yummmm.  I'd even brave the 'arctic blast' for some right now.Let me just say right out fo the gate, I do not go to tangiers on Mondays during Quizo for various reasons, the most important of which is that the normal chef doesn't work on Mondays. This also means they usually offer a limited menu.
I have tried at least 7 different things on their menu. Everything is pretty good. This place is not for foodies that expect mind blowing cuisine. It is also not a place to be seen or see people who want to be seen.
It is a very friendly neighborhood bar, with a grouchy Philly waitress (she's classic and I love her), has very consistent good food for the price. Try the House burger, it will change your life. Yes the wings are good. The best thing about this place is that you can get a salad instead of fries. The salad is fresh hand cut veggies that is NOT from a bag. As someone else mentioned, this is our go to spot when we don't feel like cooking. They remember me every time I go in there. 
Go with an open mind, and not that picky of a palette and you will have a good time. 
However, skip Monday apparently.So here's the thing about Tangier:
The first time I went, I was considerably drunk. And I had the best (the BEST) wings, salad and fries of my life there that night. Yes, all three things were the best.
Because of my first experience, I practically ran back not much later, completely sober, for another meal. And I was really disappointed! I had a burger and my husband had a veggie burger (and was also disappointed--he couldn't understand why I took him to this mediocre restaurant).
I don't know if it was the booze, the order, or the night, but I'm looking for consistency here. I'm absolutely willing to give Tangier a tie-breaker. Sober. (Is that no fun?) Until then: 3 stars, my friends.it only proximity that brought us here last night. there are far better places in the neighborhood, so unless they seriously up their game, we won't be back.
it was kind of a sports / old man bar, with a bunch of dudes perched on stools who reeked of "need to get away from the wife and kids for a few hours". the game was playing, loudly, preventing a lot of conversation.
decent beer selection - they only serve local brews, which is a good niche. they also had Strongbow in a bottle, which is somewhat rare, so that was nice.
the boneless wings and fries were okay. nothing to write home about.
the waitress was kind of hilarious, and she said "i'm fixing to get home" which is the first time i heard that since the year i lived in Texas.Perhaps it was our experience, but everything was mediocre, at best.  The beer selection was good, but that's not hard to come by in Philly.  One of the two, maybe three veggie options they had on the menu, the "treehugger" burger was unavailable...and no explanation was given.
Our waitress was pretty brusque; effective, perhaps, but not cordial.  If I wanted that kind of service, I'd go to a diner in South Jersey.
A neighboring table ordered the wings, and they did smell awesome.
Since my review seems to be an outlier, I guess I'll give this place a second go, and update my review if appropriate.SERVICE: excellent; 
CROWD: It has its regulars but staff could not be nicer to people they don't recognize; DOUCHE-BAGS: minimal; 
BEER SELECTION: all over the place but micro-brew focused.  You will find something drinkable for a reasonable five bucks per pint; 
FOOD: Wouldn't go here if food was my number one priority, but they do a good job with a small kitchen.  Menu revolves around chicken and shrimp dishes.  Nachos are good, the home-made chips are best described as interesting.  The dish is edible sober but better enjoyed after a six pack.  The hummus could also be described as interesting.  It isn't creamy as you would expect, I'm not even positive it is tahini based, but it is tasty and the grilled pita is banging.  Don't try and dip into it, use a knife to spread it.  Also, the guy next to me ordered the chicken taco salad served in a tortilla bowl.. It looked fantastic, I will be ordering that next time. 
Overall a great neighborhood bar.  A welcomed relief from the expensive gastro-pubs that now litter our neighborhood.  It's fun, the service is excellent, the food is decent to snack on, and it's on the cheaper side... Can't be beat.Comfortable neighborhood bar. Good beer selection. Standard pub fare plus some extra choices. Good food, friendly staff. They host Drinking Liberally on Tuesday nights and even pitch in free wings to fuel the political conversation. The have a wide variety of hot sauces available for anyone who's looking to get a little fired up.The fries were great, and I love the wall of hot sauces, but I will never again go here for Quizzo. It was the most unorganized game I have ever played and the host was incomprehensible, and 1 out of every 2 questions made no sense. My drink was pretty good, but a little on the sweet side. I really like the neighborhood feel of the place, and I had a pretty good overall experience, had it not been for Quizzo, which I look forward to, and thought I would try somewhere new.This place had become my local hangout on Tuesday and Friday night. Bob is a great bartender and the only reason I go here on these night. He is friendly and attentive.4:00pm on a Friday afternoon is admittedly a little early for a drink, especially when you're by yourself.  But I was a little dehydrated from the hot day...and I can't order a water without also getting a beer. (personal rule)
Anyway, I walked in and there was a fish tank there to greet me. As I went into the bar (another two steps) I realized it was empty, no customers or bartender. Peeked in the kitchen, empty. 
Bartender came up from downstairs a minute later and acted as if everything was normal. 
I ordered from one of the 12 draft beers and sat back in the air conditioned environment. I am new to this neighborhood and can see myself becoming a regular...time to get off my phone and make friends with the bartender.Tangier is my numero uno beer joint because of (in no particular order):
1. Great beer selections with $3 mystery beers and beers of the month. You can actually drink 2 quality beers and walk out the door without spending over $10! They also do carry out.
2. Great boneless wings - yea, sometimes I'm lazy.
3. Good chili, as long as you immerse all the raw onions they sprinkle on top immediately so that they get cooked a little.
4. Less than 500 feet from my front door! This is a definite plus for my fiance, who also loves the place, but not the bathroom.
5. Nice motley crew of neighborhood folks, and friendly servers who help if you're indecisive about picking a beer. We even received a free round the first time we went in for being new to the neighborhood.
I'll get around to trying other menu items, but I don't normally come here looking for a meal.This is a convenient neighborhood bar with decent food and reasonably-priced  craft beers. A big plus is that in the summer they have a few tables outside, and you can bring your dog!
Last time I came, I had the black bean veggie burger which came topped with jalapeno peppers. I found it pretty tasty, and the fries it came with were not too crispy, just the way I like them. I paired my meal with a quality Weyerbacher beer. My boyfriend had their beef burger and an IPA. It's a nice place to go for bar food or a few good beers.Ok, so 3.5. I'm rounding up here. 
The beer selection was good enough. The Mystery Beer was exciting for three bucks, but I was pretty disappointed to get a glorified Michelob. 
The wings are awesome. It's been a long search in Philly for amazing, let alone good, wings. Somehow Tangier does it. They are spicy but not hot, come with ample sauce, and there is actual meat on the bones!
The service was blah at best. Our waitress went off and on throughout the visit from completely rude to blatantly trying to be friendly. I kind of wanted to smack her.
If you're looking for a place to stop in and grab a beer and some wings, then try out Tangier. However, don't go for the loving service.Did not eat much but drank a few beers. Food OK Beer great.I like a simple, neighborhood bar, and that's exactly what Tangier is. There's nothing fancy here, the food is pretty good, and the happy hour specials are decent. It's a great place to stop by for happy hour or some bar food, and I've never had any trouble trying to get seating. The atmosphere is definitely odd, as other yelpers have noted, but I see that as part of its offbeat appeal. For the ¡adventurous! , try the mystery bag. You might get Natty Light, BUT...you could get something good.I savored the moment when my late-night victory registered slowly on the face of my opponent across the table as he realized the inevitability of his defeat in Connect Four.  I always have a warm spot for places that bring me such moments.
My only experiences with Tangier have been random late-night stops for 1 beer that often turn into 3-4 beers once we break out the board games and try our luck with mystery beers.  On the very outskirts of the fancy Rittenhouse Square area, Tangier provides a very unfancy neighborhood watering hole.  They have a mixed bag of patrons with highly variable levels of drunkenness.  The service is generally decent, and I have never felt unwelcome among the group of obvious regulars.  As a bonus, even though all of my experiences have been late at night, the bathrooms have been tolerably clean.
I have never tried the food, but only because I have never been there hungry.  It looks like pretty standard bar fare, and the people who are eating usually seem pretty happy.  The beer selection is highly variable, but my inner risk-taker just can't opt out of "mystery beer."  In a single evening, my brown paper sacks contained Newcastle Brown Ale, Stone Ruination, and Stoney's; I hadn't seen a Stoney's for a while!This is my local spot and I picked it for a number of reasons.
I like to compare this place to a baseball mitt.  When you first get it, it's rigid, clumsy and tight.  As you use it more often, find what you like about it and give it a chance, it becomes maleable, loose, and it's a joy to put it on.
The staff gets kind of a bad wrap, and sometimes the servers really bring it on themselves.  Just remember that you're there to have a good time and getting to know the staff is the fastest way to enhance your experience.
It is a BAR, first and foremost, so that allows for certain criticisms and nullifies others.  If you're looking for a quiet night out or a culinary masterpiece, you should consider other places.  As a bar, it's a homerun.  It is locally owned and locally staffed.  Megan the bartender is also the heir of the bar, and her father has owned it for nearly 30 years.  They'll always cater to philly sports, so a televised Phils/Birds/Flyers/Sixers game is likely on the TV's.  
For a time there was a funny message on the chalkboard over the door that read: "This is not you Livingroom, don't treat it that way"  It's funny to me now and shouldn't be taken for the harshness it implies.  Simply put, the place will grow on you and at times it might even feel like an extension of your house.  Just ask the many regulars.
This is the original home of the Mystery Beer.  Pay just $3 and you'll get a brown-bagged beer that could range from Heineken or Pacifico Claro to Schmidt's or High Life.  No compalints, no returns.   A great gimick for bringing a friend from out of town, or if you're just not in the mood for making decisions.  The bar also features a regular array of decent micro's and domestics, along with a dazzling array of bottled beer.  They will sell you a six-pack to-go too.
I could eat their wings all day.  They are the best in the area, so all I can say is try them and you won't be disappointed.  The food is predominantly comfort food and it's all decent.  I'm not a huge fan of the BBQ Chicken, but the French Dip and Jack's Chili are a staple.  The Burger of the month is usually spot-on, so I'll always recommend it. 
Quizzo on Monday's and crazy on weekends.  Definitely a great stop on any weekend bar-crawl, or a one-stop night at the Pub.Most miserable bartender in the city here that isn't going anywhere as she's related to the owner.  If you buy people a drink she doesn't even bother to tell them you did so.  Worth the visit just to see really how pathetic she is.I really like this place.  There have been multiple times where I've called it quits to studying and just went here for a nice relaxing time.  This place isn't a frat boy bar, so you won't have to deal with the sort.  They have a good selection of beer, and the food is pretty bomb.
I've tried the burgers, wings and fries.  If you order large of the latter, you'll definitely want to share it, because you won't be able to finish it by yourself.
The service here is great, but be warned it definitely gets crowded, so be prepared to stand.I really really really want to like this bar, but every time I go there it is mediocre at best.  The food is edible but I would not say much more than that about it.  The beer is good.  The service is slow.I was really confused by this place. Then I remember that Tangier is a town near the Strait of Gibralter and was at one time occupied by both Spain and France. Ok, so I was able to explain the fish tank, spanish style colors, and the crazy-awesome French nouveau posters. But then I still couldn't figure out the Irish style thingy over the mantle. Then I said to my self (in the style of the Talking Heads), "Self, this is not your bar." And behold, beneath the really strange decor was HOT SAUCE. So you know what I did? I ordered three tequilas with HOT SAUCE. Then I kissed my date and made her lips spicy too.
Great place to hang out.Come here if you are looking for friendly bartenders and a solid selection of beers for a neighborhood bar. They have their current list written on the board right in the center of the bar which rotates and has specials every so often. It is not very big inside, and the food definitely leaves something to be desired. My only meal consisted of an overcooked burger and bland fries which ketchup couldn't even salvage.
Thursday nights are mystery beer night. For $3 you get a 12oz bottle in a bag which I have seen range from Genny Cream Ale to Great Lake Micro brews. It's a lot of fun but no refunds obviously. Note: No AMEX here either.Tangier has a weird vibe.  It's a dive bar but it makes some stab at something bigger.  it's not really successful in that so I think they should wholeheartedly embrace the dark and go all the way divey.  They have pretty cheap options for beer, but they also have some good microbrews. I'm not sure about the food because I've never had it but I've heard it's pretty bad.  
Best yet, it was the first place I ever tried Knappague Castle which is a small batch Irish whiskey that is just lovely.  In fact, they carry a wide variety of small batch Irish whiskeys, which is unusual in a place that is definitely not an Irish pub.I went to Tangier for months. And months. And months. Sometimes three times a week. I was infatuated with their extra crispy wings, and most of their other food, their crowd, and watching games there. BUT THEIR WINGS. oh, sweet heaven. I converted about a dozen friends to them.
Drinkwise, I'm all about whiskey. And you can't screw up Jameson+rocks, so I can't speak to their quality of others that front.
Seemingly a fairytale story, huh? A non-snobby, good-food-good-ambience place in Rittenhouse area?
Not so much. A couple months ago, I had probably the worst overall experience there. The waitress/bartender/family of the OWNERS (who knows I'm a regular! And my name! Sad!) Was clearly VERY not happy I chose to sit outside this night. My well behaved therapy dog was passed out on the sidewalk (hence the outdoor seating), and a good friend of mine (whom I had hoped to convert to Tangier wing heaven as well) showed up a bit later.
And we waited. And waited, and waited. There was one person in the bar. I felt rude going in for menus, even though I had asked for them as I was seated outside.
That itself was no big. What was the BIG was how awfully crappy the wings were. Cold, soggy, and the blue cheese was totally past its expiration. Like I said--I was a diehard Tangier fan. I ate one wing--unheard of for me--and apologized to my friend with an onslaught of 'It's never like this! I swear it's better! I feel awful! etcetc'
We waited for about 20 mins per beer (We each had two). Then I gave up. And honestly, a little hurt since Miss L and I were on a first name basis.
So, everyone on this review looking for good wings/food and a better ambiance (not in Rittenhouse, though) GO TO NORTH THIRD in Northern Liberties.
Goodbye, Tangier. Thanks for the memories.An amazing neighborhood bar. They serve the best wings in Philadelphia. Great staff and a very friendly face behind every pint.This place strikes as a straight okay for me. I would never pick it myself, but I'm not going to grumble and complain if someone I'm with wants to go there. I've gone 2 or 3 times and each time has been pretty consistent. The bartender is extremely nice, and remembered me after only being there once before! The service is a little iffy, but that's because every time I've gone they've clearly been understaffed. I've really only ever seen the bartender seriously working. (Once, however one of the servers told us that she was covering for someone but too drunk to work. Now I'm not sure if she was kidding or not, but huh?) 
I really like the mystery beer thing, but I wish I could get something better more often (if you have to raise the price from $3 to $4 and I was getting not as many Miller High Lifes and various Yuengling that'd be great) Fries were pretty delicious but the rest of their food (tuna steak sandwich, kind of bland, and chili) were acceptable but not exceptional.
Don't recommend the Quizzo here either, it needs some work.1. They have a tap simply called "CHEAP BEER".   Just in the same way I am inexplicably attracted to and must watch any movie that has the word "wedding" in the title, I also cannot pull myself away from a tap that says "CHEAP BEER."
2. They have good wings.
3. They used to have a 2 dollar "mystery" bottle.  You'd get a completely random bottled microbrew in a brown bag.    It was fun.   I wish they'd bring this back.I would call this a posh dive bar.   Amazing neighborhood, solid food and drink, slightly dank interior.
Go here for the fries.  Or the wings.   They close in August, so get here while you can.
One main waitress holds down the fort with good old fashioned attitude.  Don't expect a smile and a wink, or fast service.The wings here are AWESOME.  They're on the smaller side and a large order gets you about 15-20 wings.  They also have a great selection of hot sauces ranging in mild to super insane 10+++ heat.  I love the mystery beer for 3 bucks served in a brown paper bag...sometimes it's completely worth it...like the Rouge Dead Guy Ale, and other times you're stuck with a PBR.  What is not great abut this place is the crotchety old lady server who has probably been there since the place first opened.  She is ALWAYS grumpy/moody/looks like she wants to die.  Last night while my friends and I were still eating/drinking at around 10PM she came over and said in her rude, 10-pack-per-day voice, "You need to pay your bill now because my shift is ending."  We said, "but you didn't even give us the check yet."  She said "oh" and ran over and got us our check and stood there while we figured it out.  I will probably go back for the convenience, cheap beer, and delicious wings but I will probably sit at the bar so I don't have to deal w/ the RUDE waitress.This is an awesome no frills neighborhood pub with a great selection of beer and delicious food. 
I haven't been disappointed yet with the mystery beer because this place just doesn't offer bad beer.
When my hubby and I don't feel like cooking, we head over here for a good meal with friendly people. Its the sort of place that everyone knows each other and we love coming here. 
I usually get the taco salad or shrimp stir fry... and we usually stick around for a little while to play connect four or watch jeopardy (which is usually playing in the background)."May it be a light for you in dark places, when all other lights go out."
A stone's throw from the sometimes crusty Rittenhouse Square, family-owned Tangier sits quietly on a sleepy corner in Graduate Hospital.  The bar staff are friendly and laid back.  The beer selection is fairly comprehensive and unquestionably inexpensive.  The food is hit or miss, but the hot wings are consistently delicious and have apparently remained unchanged for the last decade or two.
This is what corner bars are supposed to be.  Did I mention they do take-out beer?  You can customize your own six-pack.  Prices vary between domestics and imports.I ended up at Tangier last night after a long evening of drinking. We headed there because two people in our group love this bar- and by the end of the night, I agreed with them. We got a round of "mystery beer" ($3 each), which is basically just an opened bottle or can of beer in a brown bag. You taste it, then try to guess what beer it is. It turns out that I should not become a beer taster since I had no freaking idea (and then, actually, once I took the bag off, I didn't even recognize the beer I was drinking. Double fail). It was a cool way to try new beers that we wouldn't have had otherwise, as well as make fun of each other for our horrendous guesses. I bought myself a non-mystery Hoegaarden later in the night, and they had a fairly big selection of beers.
It was quiet- and a Sunday night- and we picked a table in the back. They have tons of board games laying around- we played a game of Candyland (I lost horribly) and then Guess Who (which is apparently my secret talent- I was undefeated. HOLLA). Their bathroom is located downstairs, and the steep steps leading down to it are a great way to judge how inebriated you are. Overall, this place was the perfect dive bar to relax in and get my board game on. I'll definitely be back.Haters be hatin' all over this place.  This is one of the first chill mildly divey bars I discovered in Philly, and though I don't go very often - it never disappoints me.  
I don't even need to mention the mystery beer, as everyone seems to agree on it's wonders - even when you lose the bet.  The place is chill, the people are friendly, the staff is nice, they have a good beer selection... and when someone next to me ordered fries I definitely contemplated the different ways to steal them.  
I'll be back, and maybe drag some of you haters along for another try.The service is crappy, they always seem to have an attitude, the decor is trashy and weird (not in a good way) and the food is meh. The only thing I can give to them is REALLY tasty beer battered fries and an ok beer selection.If you're reading up on reviews to decide whether you should check out this joint. Let me save you the trouble. NO. Turn around and go somewhere else.
A group of us ventured there on Monday night for Quizzo. Judging by the name, I was expecting some Moroccan food in my tummy. I was quite excited. However, when I looked at the menu, I was extremely disappointed to see a limited selection of plain old American bar food such as club sandwiches, chicken wings, mozzarella sticks, etc. 
I go to Yelp for some suggestions on what I should try here. It seems that the only thing that has people talking are the wings. We put in a large and a small order. We were expecting some tasty flappers. Alas, I was disappointed once more. The wings were crap. Dry and tasteless.
Save yourself a trip and the disappointment.Very casual, anti-Rittenhouse experience. I like sitting outside during the summer, drinking their cheap "mystery beers".A small dive bar located in center city, it can be a little tight in there.  Tangier has some variety of bottled beer for around $4 - $5 as well as a decent selection of cider. They also have a mystery beer bag for $3 which was kind of fun and exciting. When we ordered this we ended up with A Budweiser Black Crown and a Lion's Head which wasn't too bad.
I also ordered the burger the of the month which had prosciutto and was on a brioche bun with a fig sauce. The patty was pretty thin and basic but the prosciutto was a nice addition. It was a pretty good and creative burger, but could use a better beef patty.I've come here a handful of times after my soccer games at 17th and fitzwater. I'm obsessed with this concept of "mystery beer bags." You pay 3 dollars and get a beer in a bag. I want a restaurant to start doing this with their food. Bartender can be kind of slow. Haven't tried the food because usually we show up around 10.The only good thing Tangier has going for it is the $3 mystery beer special. it's pretty goshdarn cool. For $3 you get a random beer in a paper bag, bottle or can. Tonight, selections ranged from the Nicaraguan Tona to the all-american Busch to the lovely Long Trail or Red Dog.
That said, Tangier sucks. I paid $8.25 for a hot roast beef that was, based solely on the taste, simply boiled meat on a roll. the alleged "jus" seemed to be only the slightly oily, slightly brown colored water that was left in the pan *after* boiling. Their wings were dry and not hot at all. Everything was overpriced.
The service was not good. Granted, one bartender/waitress for 30 odd people, but she wasn't even friendly... or pleasant.
I will not be back.A great neighborhood bar to get drinks with friends and borrow a good board game from their cabinet. I've never eaten here but it looks like typical bar food which would satisfy. For $3 you can get the "mystery beer"-- a beer of the night in a paper bag and you don't know what you're getting. Kind of fun. Good beer selection otherwise. Solid place to meet up with friends for a laid back atmosphere!Great neighborhood bar! Great place to go to grab a beer (or in my case, a hard cider) after work and just sit.  Good wings and fries.  Nothing fancy, just good.Fun and delish! I always have a great time at Tangier. Everything is fresh and tasty. The specials are always yummy as are the classic menu items. We always start with a large order of wings, the buffalo sauce is made in-house as is the Caesar salad dressing.PRETENDER! Here you will not find any semblance of Moroccan food...no cous cous, no kefta, no pastilla, and definitely no tajine. So what is this place good for if the name is so horribly misleading? Apparently their wings, which upon inspection and consumption were rather unappealing....very dry and remedied only by the cup of blue cheese dressing. A roast beef sandwich ordered by a member of our posse looked like it was overly processed and a nasty gray in color; accordingly I was told that it tasted just about as bad as it looked, though the fries got a resounding 2-thumbs up.
When calling earlier in the week to inquire about Quizzo, was told that the game is relaxed and on the quieter side as compared to other games around the city. We decided to hit this place up post-CMYE since it was in the neighborhood, but were a little put off by their ill-preparedness for the game. The quiz host had run out of papers for the game so we had to share, and there was only one waitress for the entire place, which though it is tiny, needed a better staff to patron ratio. Maybe we shook up the typical Monday crowd, but regardless, would it kill you to have a little extra enthusiasm when you see you might be collecting better tips at the end of the night? *I'm looking at you sole waitress of the evening*. Will we be hitting this place again for quizzo? Probably not, a second place finish yielded a $15 bar credit that barely covered an order of wings, but it's good to know that it's there when you're looking for some Monday entertainment.
In the end, it seemed the most redeeming quality of this place was the humor found in the "mystery beer". When a round of two are ordered and one pulls a Nicaraguan lager and the other pulls a Busch, you can't help but laugh and hope for better luck the next time. 
Quizzo: Monday nights at 9:00pm.Came here with a large group (12, maybe?) and we had beer and tasty food, and the place all to ourselves (almost).  Staff was great, very accommodating. A pleasant experience.So the mystery beer is a fun adventure, but otherwise this place confuses me.  Both the name, and the decor suggest that it would be some type of Middle Eastern restaurant, but the food offerings are your typical pub fare.  There were maybe eight teams there for Quizzo with only one waitress, so the service was pretty spotty, not her fault they were just way understaffed.  I tried one buffalo wing which was okay, it was dry, but I really didn't need to make a mess all over myself so no big deal.  The quizzo questions were tough, very obscure, and a lot of multi-part questions where you had to get all of them right for the point.  I don't think I'll be rushing back.We tried to go healthier this time around and ordered the ostrich burger and chicken taco salad (I know, not exactly healthy but I'll tell myself whatever I want thank you). Both were tasty, especially with the blazingly hot sauce we used. It was super dark and thick, tasting almost like jerk sauce but much hotter.
I happily stumbled home, mouth on fire, thinking about which sauce off the wall rack to try out next time.I Love Wings! No not the Band on the run, and certainly not the 90's sitcom. I love Buffalo style hot wings. After extensive research and Prilosec, I have come to the conclusion, that you can only get truly great wings outside the city, in fact to find really great wings you must trek into the sticks of South Jersey. The more backwoods you get, the better the wing. If your thinking Chickie and Pete's, stop reading, We are not speaking the same language. After hearing some rumblings that the wings at Tangier were good, I decided to try them. I may be prejudice, but I'm no wing bigot. 
Tangier, you have come the closest to a SJ wing I have ever tasted in Center City. Your wing is crispy but not breaded, your sauce is spicy and buttery, enough to burn your lips, but not so hot as to destroy your taste buds. The wings are priced well at 8 bucks for 10 and 11 for twenty or so. I have found my neighborhood wing spot, Yes there was a wings reunion, and it happened on 18th and Lombard. 
Post Script: There are a lot of interesting items on the menu, including bison and ostrich burgers, and my friends enjoyed their pub fare. 
Disclaimer: I have not been to Western NY state.Mystery Beers FTW.  I love the idea of a mystery beer.  $4 for who knows what?!  Could be a $1 beer, could be a $9 beer!  The food is pretty good, and the atmosphere is very homey.  Not always the friendliest service, but they get the job done.This review is based mostly on beer & atmosphere. However, I did glance at the menu...there WAS hummus on it (gee thanks, for the weak nod the the veggie set, & I don't know if the black bean burger is vegan or not), but I didn't eat, so I can't speak to the food. I will, however, detract a star for very limited options if I HAD wanted to eat.
That being said...back to the beer & the atmosphere. GREAT beer selection. Bartender was friendly, took care of me quickly each time I bellied up to the bar. 
But what I really loved, what makes Tangier a place I will return to repeatedly...they have BOARD GAMES. We got nostalgic playing Connect-4 ("pretty sneaky, sis!"), and then, as our buzz wore on, things got really silly when I finally lost my Apples to Apples virginity (and WON!). So much fun!Went back and took my own advice and sat at the bar.  Great service and their wings are delicious! Some of the best wings in the city. The turkey burger didn't impress me, but turkey burgers rarely do. My mistake for trying to go a little healthier....This is the best neighborhood bar in Rittenhouse, without a doubt. I swear there are about 4 people that work here because every time I go, it's the same crowd that's there which I love! It's a very chill place, almost a dive, but not quite. The food is always great! I recommend the house burger which comes with bacon, avocado, cheese and an amazing garlic sauce and a side of fries. :) Drinks are always good, there is a full bar and it's cheap! I have never had to wait to get a table or bar space at all on a week night or weekend, surprisingly.This is a small, neighborhood kind of dive that has a lot of charm if you are looking for something off the beaten path. I went here after hearing something about their wings. Most people will direct you to Moriarity's for good hot wings, but I was pleasantly surprised by the taste of the wings here. Although they are not as big as Moriarity's wings (but then again, who does have wings that big?) I thought the sauce was tasty enough to compliment the smaller sized wings. The beer selection is quite good -- and yes, you can get a "mystery beer" selection for just $3. 
The night I was there it seemed as if there were a good number of regulars sitting at the bar, but we were still able to sit in one of the four booths available. Tangier has a good vibe going for it, so I'd recommend it if you are just looking for a low key night out.