I love this place. We've gone to brunch, lunch and dinner here a bunch of times and it's always been great. Always a nice crowd and the staff is friendly and funny. Everything we've had on the menu has been solid, high end comfort food. This is what so many other newer places in South Philly are trying to be, but Tap Room On 19th gets it right. Every single time.Service was outstanding at this place. I went here with my fiancée on a Friday night and we sat at the first level bar. There was only one bartender behind the bar but the service was STILL excellent. They have food and drink specials from 5pm-7pm. We tried to order the Mac and Cheese fries we saw online and even though they were no longer in the menu, they still made them for us. That was very nice of them. We also tried the empanadas and the burger and they were delicious. There is free street parking available in the area. We will be going back to this place!I really wanted to like this place and this is based on one experience so maybe it was just a fluke but my boyfriend and I went down there to grab a few beers and for their St. Pattys day specials that they were offering. We get there and there are no St. Pattys decorations, no Guinness or ANY Irish beer or specials and maybe one person was dressed in green. The bartender was nice but the beers seemed overpriced (compared with a number of bars in South Philly) and the food was really not good (now this might be because it was one of those cheap specials deal-just to be fair). I have a suspicion people like this place because they don't have better options in that area. With places like POPE, Devil's Den, South Philly Taproom, etc., I'm not rushing back here anytime soon...What a great surprise! This place is amazing. 
Best fried chicken sandwich I've had in the city of Philadelphia, and I enjoyed a pint from a freshly tapped keg from a new PA-based brewery. The meal was freshly prepared with local ingredients and the entire atmosphere was chill, friendly and welcoming.
The "Cider Jawn" hit the spot!Local vibe but very welcoming. Our server was incredible--great sense of humor too. I ordered the BBQ burger and it was MASSIVE. One of the best burgers I've ever had.  Can't wait to go back and try other items as well as the variety of beers.Tap Room on 19th had me at Carmelized Pork Belly Snacks! Chef Jen kept me coming back for Bacon Wrapped Dates, awesome lamb burger and a delicious brunch organized by Yelp's very own Rebecca S.! Bangers and Mash (made by Philly fave Sam Jacobson), GET IT.
Most recently I enjoyed a pop up with Pat Canciellere of 943 BYOB fame! How I missed his empanadas, tender octopus  sweetbreads with delicious garlicky chimichurri and homemade chorizo! Let's not forget his wife Dawn's Alfajores (cookies filled with dulce de leche).
TR19's bar has a great selection of beers and interesting cocktails. I've enjoyed the Gin and Juice, Bloody Mary and a few others that I can't quite remember. The bartenders are knowledgable, so if you don't know exactly what you want, tell them what you like and they will come up with something. They did for me!Stopped by on a friday night and was surprised by the great service, beer selection and really good food. Owner actually special ordered us the mac and cheese fries (wasnt even on the menu). Their standard burger was to live for as well.  This place is what a Philadelphia bar is supposed to be.Partner and I stopped by on a Sunday afternoon for a late lunch. Beer selection was good, two kegs were kicked; OK, so replace them! Beer seemed to be overpriced for the neighborhood, my Sierra Hop Hunter IPA was $7, partners  Abbey White was an $8 tulip glass. We ordered the $11 wings, and got 8 of the tiniest wings yet. Sauce was good, nothing to brag about. 
OK, 2 craft beers, one order of wings with tip set us back $34. Not a place to spend the afternoon watching a game.
I guess the best time to come is during M-F happy hour, but get ripped off on Sat and Sun to make up for it.So far everything we've gotten was great - second time the wings were way overdone but probably just an oversight as I've gotten wings as an app over 5 times and they're always on the money. Bloody Mary's are really awesome they're hard not to start with every time. Need to try more things than just wings and bloodys lolGreat corner bar. Stopped in today for a late brunch and drink. Bartender was friendly and attentive. Music was great food was terrific. They always have cool events going on. Glade to have as my corner bar.Stopped in on way to ballpark (go phillies!). Figured we might save a million dollars and have good food. I was right. Great happy hour drink specials. Small but excellent diverse draught list. Victory summer love, an interesting cask beer and Lord Chesterfield ale were some if the selections we sampled. Service was excellent and attentive. 
The food. Not your average bar food. Better. Yes buffalo wings. But also Korean wings. Yum! Crispy and delicious. Croquettes with yummy filling.  Pretzel bites cooked to perfection with yummy cheese dip. 
Was not a fan of the poutine or nachos but there was plenty good. Also met Pete, the owner, as we were leaving. Very nice guy. Inquired about our meal. Wanted to make sure everything as good. When I mentioned that I wasn't a fan of the nachos he concurred and said they would probably change them up. 
Overall a great experience.This is my new place to go in Philly. The food is delicious. I haven't had a dish I did not like here. I bring all of my friends here now, and they all rave about it as well. I don't mind paying a bit extra for "clean" food, in the sense that they use locally sourced food, as much as possible is organic, and it is just delicious. 
The bartenders are awesome and friendly and the owners are on site and actually interact with customers. That is really cool if you ask me, it really makes me feel welcome. 
This is not an upscale fancy place, it has an extremely casual ambiance that has made me comfortable bringing a variety of types of people and the other patrons are personable in my experience. It is the kind of bar where you can talk to the group sitting next to you and make friends. 
Anything with pork in it here is probably going to make you a happy camper, so that is where my orders have leaned. I haven't tried the entrees or sandwhiches yet, I generally stick to getting 3-5 appetizers and treat it like a "tapas" situation and while I'm normally a wine or liquor person, I usually drink beer here because they have what looked like 10-12 on quality ones on  tap including cider, and another bunch of quality bottled beers. I think they offer the other standard bar beers, like miller and budweiser or pbr, but they have a really great variety of local brews so I don't really bother with those. 
I love this place. It is a pain in the ass for me to get to from where I live in the city, but it is worth the trek, and I try to go at least once a week. They are starting brunch soon, I saw the menu but haven't tried it yet, so I will update my review at that time.This place is awesome. Great specials, awesome menu, and Melissa is by far one of the coolest, personable and on point servers I've ever had! Thanks for making it an awesome time!A little pricier and Hipster than I would seek out on my own (You'd sooner catch me with a bunch of older Italian guys at Brothers II or the Cafe.),but, it was a cozy-feeling bar and a fun night after my cousin's wedding serenade last weekend.
I even drank some craft beer. Don't remotely remember which  because I was pretty drunk already from the party. They were 16 ounce pours and delicious, despite.
Want to return to try the food.Order here on postmates and caviar. The crab Rangoon egg rolls were so good! The sauce that it came with was delicious. Just wish you got more. The mozzarella sticks were good but you only got 3. Also tried the pimento Mac and cheese with the flaming hot cheetoh crumble, it was good very different then the usual Mac and cheeses.  Really wanna try the whiz whit or tap burger next time.Came here with my friends for taco Tuesday and happy hour! The Margs were delicious we had 3 each at $5. The best taco was the hot dog. The best bar snacks were the arancini and deviled eggs.These other reviews have to be fake, because this place is just awful. 
My girlfriend and I came on a Monday, and we ordered two drinks and two burgers. I should have known something was off when we got an aggressive eye roll when I asked what salad dressing is used to the salad. 
Fast forward 30 minutes, our waitress has not checked on us once, hasn't made eye contact with us once, and is having a beer behind the bar (real professional).  I ask another server for an update, and the server says he will check. Lo and behold, the order was never put in. A normal establishment would apologize, but not here. No that's not what this place values. They ask us if we still want the burgers and they will expedite it. 
They bring out our burgers 4 minutes later and they are both completely undercooked. The middle of the clearly microwaved patty is Ostrich pink.
I ask the server if we can send this back and have the check. Once again, zero apology. 
I rarely say this but on MLK I feel like it is my duty. You won't find a lot of minorities in this bar, and I can tell you firsthand that it is by design. It is 2016 in the 5th largest city in the country, get over it.This is an awesome gastropub with great food and beer selections. The happy hour specials, including the wings, are a great deal. The burger is dynamite. It is usually $14, but $12 on Wednesdays. The fries are pretty good too. My girlfriend got the Caesar wedge salad. It was fresh, well-portioned and really good. The vibe is cool and the servers were super nice. They have a spicy fried chicken sandwich that I cannot wait to try!Its an alright neighborhood bar cheap drinks and great food and nice bartenders no more drinking and driving as this is just around the corner from the hood, wiz wit cheeseteak is great and it dis hit the spotThis is by far my favorite gastro pub in Philly. The food is amazing and the service is excellent. We often bring our kids and they will make them what ever they want (usually Mac and cheese which my daughter says is the best she's had). Also the on tap beer selection is excellent and its constantly changing so you get an opportunity to try a lot if craft and locally brewed beer.Great food and awesome service..  Servers can make suggestions not only food but drinks and very inviting to make you feel as tho you are at a friends..  And customers can not stop talking about the food there favorite drink or the service..Okay, I am SHOCKED this place has a 4-star average. We had a meal delivered via UberEATS, and the food was atrocious. I can admit when food was decent, but not special, or if it was good, but cold, etc etc. No. That is not what's happening here- this food is vile. 
We had the General Tso's cauliflower, the wings in the "Korean" preparation, and the "garlic" fries. 
Starting with the cauliflower- I was aware I was taking a gamble ordering tempura-fried vegetables for delivery. I planned to reheat in the oven. It's a shame that almost none of the cauliflower had a trace of tempura to be found. But that wouldn't have mattered anyway because the sauce is really gross. 
That's a good segue into discussing the wings, because the sauce on the wings tasted quite similar to the sauce on the cauliflower. And that taste is reminiscent of that moment, after a night of heavy drinking, that you're about to vomit and you can taste the hint of it at the back of your throat. These are terrible. I'm honestly so offended that they sell this dish. 
And garlic fries? What garlic? Where? 
I'm really angry, this entire meal was really expensive and completely inedible. This is, hands down, the worst meal I have ever had in Philadelphia. Never again, Tap Room. 
Never. Again.
Edit: Okay, after reading the rest of the reviews, I'm convinced that there was some incentive given to all of these people leaving short, incredibly vague, and yet somehow incredibly enthusiastic reviews about the food. This infuriates me. There is NO WAY these are real, and it really messes with the prospective customer's perception that Yelp reviews can be trusted. This food is awful, I really suggest no one eat here. I can't comment on the beer selection, but I just can't let anyone else be subjected to this food, and honestly it sounds like the staff here are mostly terrible as well. There are always better options elsewhere.Yum. And Fun. 
My fiancé and I love visiting Tap Room on 19th - we are regulars for brunch on Sunday mornings...that typically dwindle on to an early dinner or snacks. The food is great. The bartenders and staff are very friendly and everything is always served quickly. The tone is always upbeat. Love it.The vibe here was everything I didn't expect. I went with my fiancé, we walked in, weren't greeted, had no clue where to sit or how being seated worked. I couldn't even tell the patrons from the actual employees. They should invest in a bigger location; the bathroom door was literally hitting this man in the back every time it opened. I got as far as the stairs before I told myself " I don't think this is the right way." You think someone came and asked me what I needed? Nope. Safe to say I traveled from NYC for nothing. 
If you're looking for a diverse environment, that's not what you'll get here. For people who are local, like across the street local, it might be okay. I'm a blogger so I was really excited to write about this place...but yea no.Met up with some friends for HH on Taco Tuesday a few weeks ago - beautiful evening, so we sat outside. Margaritas were good for $5, and my friends seemed to enjoy the selection of beers. 
The food, however, was really disappointing! Special tacos were al pastor (the BF's favorite), buffalo chicken, or vegetarian (hummus - wha?!?!?). BF ordered 3 al pastor, my girlfriend ordered the hummus (given that she's a veggie and didn't have another choice). Tacos were SMALL and did not look good - had a bite of the al pastor and it was pretty tasteless. I ordered the special buffalo chicken nachos ($8) and was also terribly disappointed - essentially NO sauce or cheese, stale chips, and totally not worth the money. 
The only redeeming dish was the General Tso's cauliflower, which was good. And my friends' 5 year old confidently ordered the ($14) burger and seemed happy.We have been there two times in the past 60 days.  The menu doesn't have a whole lot of options but what they have is very creative and delicious.  It's a tavern and it has that cool tavern look inside.  I had the lamb burger and my wife had the lobster sliders and oooooh boy were they delicious.  Surprisingly, we went back a month later and the lobster sliders were cold and the buns were on the stale side.  We figured something was up when it took us 45 minutes to get our food.  I think we probably caught them on a night when the chef was out sick or the staff was busy or they were short handed.  It might have been just a bad night!  I will give them another chance because I really loved the first time I was there.New menu is awesome! We went on a weeknight and brought our 2 kids for dinner. All 4 of us are vegetarians. Food was delicious and we pretty much licked every plate clean. Everyone - owner, manager, chef, sous-chef - came over to introduce themselves and check on us. They offered to make custom dishes for the kids. Service, beers, and food were top-notch. This is a fabulous addition to the neighborhood!Went here for dinner and a few beers on a Friday night and was very impressed. Service was excellent, the manager was very friendly, and my burger was awfully good. I ordered it med rare with bleu cheese and went for the fried egg on it as well. Aside for the obvious detrimental health effects of eating such a monster everything was great. A friend who was with me ordered the lamb tacos which were also excellent. There was an solid list of craft beers on tap and the place was very clean and inviting. Overall  - great experience.Stopped in today for a Saturday brunch with my family. I was pleasantly surprised after looking at the menu and the best omelette I have had in a long time. My wife enjoyed a sandwich and my eight-year-old enjoy their incredible french fries. The service is second to none. I was worried about bringing my eight-year-old daughter to a tap room for brunch for obvious reasons but the atmosphere is so pleasant and at that time of day it was really really a nice experience. The server because he felt bad there was no chocolate sauce for her ice cream gave her her ice cream for dessert on the house. An incredible experience and I'm looking forward to going back during adult hoursThis bar is so much more than a bar.  Do yourself a favor & come here for Taco Tuesday. Get the Asian pork tacos & the General Tso's  Cauliflower.  A small place, but a ton of personality.Great corner bar with daily food and drink specials. I went for taco Tuesday and had the margarita which was great.I'm so lucky to have this spot in my neighborhood. Great food, drinks, beer selection and super friendly staff! My husband and I love to come here on a regular basis!I had previously wrote an irritated review, but returned to give the new chef/menu a second chance and was more than pleasantly surprised. It seems the rough patches from their transitional stage have been ironed out. The drinks were great and the food was delicious. The korean wings were crunchy and perfectly seasoned. Huevos were fantastic and the waffle fried chix was a cool reinterpretation of their old mainstay, waffles and fried chicken. Instead of stacking the two, the chicken is battered with waffle and is served with a sriracha maple syrup. Seriously good stuff.
Very fair prices and a developed menu that includes a mix of classics and newer dishes. Always a nice crowd there too .Definitely worth checking this place out.This place is the best. Awesome beer selection and killer food. The Korean BBQ wings are amazing and the Cheesesteak is out of this world. On top of all that, the staff is super friendly, the place is clean, and it's a fun place to hang out. Can't go wrong picking this place. Def the best bang for your buck.Thank you for always hooking my 6 and 7 year old nieces up with dessert. 
Please lower your price on the steak salad! It's the only healthy option and it's $20 :(
Although I never make it, it's great that you always have events at the bar that are family friendly. 
Can we get a cider on tap for those who want to limit their gluten (or trade out the magners for a better cider??)
Chicken fingers for kids? or children's burgers? 
This review goes out to my favorite bartender, Seamus. 
I like the art rotation.
The Sammy Cheesesteak is a great sandwich.
Michael S. (owner) is great to the neighborhood crowd and regulars. Thank you.I was craving a good burger so I decided to order from UberEats. My food came quickly and look great at first. I've ordered from Tap Room on 19th many times. I used to love their burgers up until today. I always order my burgers medium well and have never had an issue before. But today I was sent an undercooked burger. The burger was practically raw. I sent UberEats photos and nothing was done to fix my order. Called the restaurant and they told me to screw off. Basically they cooked everything right and would not remake the burger. Don't waste your time here. As a repeated customers, I would have hoped for better customer service. They do not value their customers at all. I feel like I'm not valued at all. I will not order again. They just lost a regular customer.Update, sat outside with my two kids and and little brother on a hot day. Service was prompt, refills kepy coming, and the food was awesome! Customer service was A+ , not sure if it was the owner, but he was very personable and checked if we were enjoying our meal. Had the burger which was awesome, but the real star was the pulled pork grilled cheese. Even my 3 year old son enjoyed it! Will be back!These reviews must be biased and fake. Ive tried to eat here 5 times.  Will never return. One good bartender left months ago because he saw writing on the wall. Its really a shame becuase there arent many places to go on this side of town. 1st time had a good burger, temp right, bacon cooked good, bun held up, fries were fresh and crisp and arugula salad was on point. The other four times...not so much. Owners and chef hammered at bar conversing with employees, burger well done, fries were so oily and soggy i could have rung out the fries and coated my whole family with the oil and gone to the beach for a week. Ordered heirloom tom blt. Comes out soggy white bread globs of mayo two thin slices of reg tom, charred yet raw bacon and no lettuce. Nasty ass fries again. Order cheesteak with bacon. No bacon and arugula salad came out as thinly sliced romaine with a gratey gingeresque texture creamy suspect dressing. Eat at your own risk. Pretty sad and gross for a promising location. Will never go back. Oh and  2 out of 3 burgers well yet soggy when ordered med rare. And squash sandwich was foul. Not to mention the lack of attention from the bar staff. At times ive sat there for 20 mins while the owner and chef shoot the shit with the bartender at the far end of the bar.There's a good chance you'll find me here at a Friday happy hour. A very good chance. 
The Tap Burger is simple, delicious and great with a beer after work. Or a barrel-aged manhattan, if you're feeling saucy. 
It's a neighborhood corner joint, but not like 'no windows, deep South Philly' corner joint. Not that there is anything wrong with that; it's just that Taproom is actually welcoming. 
Either way the place has good food, lots of beer options, barreled beverages, and a wonderful neighborhood feel.Great place! Great beer selection and premium ingredients make up the dishes on their menu. Friendly staff and a great clientele.Have eaten here a few times now and have yet to be disappointed.  The food is creative and delicious every time!  Last time I went was on friday, my group and I ordered the grilled cheese of the day, pretzel bites, Shepards pie croquettes,  and burger.  The pretzel bite sauce was ah - may - zing we couldn't give it up and used it with the fries for our entrees. The grilled cheese (horseradish chedder, thick bacon, apple) was to die for as well and although I split it with my friend I was super full after my half (bummer... the desserts were super tempting).  My drink, the manzanita, was pretty good too. It was like a Christmas margherita.  The only downside of the meal is our waiter was super hot and my boyfriend got mad at me : /. Will definitely be going back!ann marie is the sweetest! food here is so good. spot is cool and heavy with locals but they're warm to welcome you.A family friendly place for brunch? Impossible! That's what I thought originally but I am so glad we gave it a chance. The food is second to none and the staff are always so kind and gracious and treat my nine-year-old daughter like a little princess she thinks she is. It has become one of our very favorite places to order from and visit.Went to this neighborhood bar for a few drinks and half price burgers after a stressful Monday. The food is generally good, and usually a chill crowd. Unfortunately, tonight the male bartender showed complete disrespect and no appreciation to his customers when we nicely asked to turn the television that NOONE was watching to the basketball game. Our nice waitress went to tell the bartender that a table made the request. He swatted it off and laughed with customers and pointed to seats near the television playing the game. Wanting us to move after just being served our meals. As if he was making fun of his customers  who nicely asked to change the channel, to other customers in the bar! Then he made the waitress come tell us no, he didn't even have the professionalism to ask the few people at the bars on their phones not looking at the tv if they minded, or even respect our Buisness enough to come tell us himself or offer us the seats in the back. It's a shame a neighborhood bar would treat their "neighbors" like this.This establishment has an old school neighborhood look and feel. Being a local, that's an important trait for a bar, pub, gastro etc. I had the unfortunate pleasure of eating here for the first and last time. One would think that a "gastropub" in the neighborhood in which its located would cater more to the local crowd and not the touristy, faux foodie types. 
The food menu is very limited and boasts more than it actually delivers. I ordered the Cheese curds....very simple and easy to prepare but got six for $10. That was strike 1. The Japanese chicken seemed more like a Frankenstein creation that a toddler created out of subpar scraps of chicken. Strike 2. The beer selection was pretty decent and they had local favorites (always a plus) but $6 for an 8 oz dixie cup of beer? You can go to fishtown or olde city and get a full pint for $5. 
I had high hopes for this place but it fell very short of anything close to what I expected. But hey, if you liked overpriced food that makes you regret walking in the door? By all means indulge.....then go to a real gastropub that can satisfy you with properly priced food and drinks.Super cool Philly Neighborhood bar. The usual neighborhood bar is a complete dive with the usual domestic drafts and bottles,, but this place is different.  It was really diverse crowd mixed with hipsters and wannabe gangstasWent for Crab Fest (9/5/15). Took 20 minutes to order even though no one in line before us. Cooks very disorganized. Crabs water logged. Corn burned on one side, raw on other. Beer inside over priced. Seems like  a nice thing to do for the neighborhood w water slide for kids, but this was the worst food I've eaten in 5 years and a cluster fuck in terms of organization.Great specials during the Eagles games. Happy hours are still a little pricey and so are some of the menu items. Food is deliciousGood daily and happy hour specials. Great beer selection. Really enjoyed the General Tso's Cauliflower and the wings. Fried chicken sandwich and burgers are also solid choices.Excellent and fast service! Food was extremely tasty and would highly recommend their cubano special. Mac and cheese bites were interesting, but great location. Nothing insanely special, but great for a quick bite!!! It was quite clean for a bar and would definitely go back if I was ever in Philly again.Great corner spot! Tasty food! Great beer selection! Fantastic martini Seamus! One problem...nasty attitude from the bartender Mandy! She made us feel like she was doing us a favor, which was kind of a shock after the positive vibes of the other bartenders. Management...lose this prima donna! Otherwise, had a good experience!This place was the business.
I had been meaning to get back to TR19 for a while now and finally I found some willing participants to join me in my quest.  This is a great neighborhood place with a solid beer list and some awesome food to boot.  Let's get right to the hits.
The korean wings were wonderful.  Super crispy, a little tang and exactly what I needed to start off my meal.
The better burger project which was made with La Freida ground lamb mixed with mushrooms and a host of other items was just perfect.  It was one of those burgers that saddened me when I was finished eating it.  I wanted more.
Even though it's a little out of the way for me, I will gladly uber down here anytime someone asks.  I know I'm going to drink some great beer and have a wonderful meal.Awesome place, South Philly must! It's elbow to elbow and the staff is just amazing. Friendly, attentive to perfection, and the food is fantastic. We are all loving the South Philly neighborhood banter and roars of laughter. Don't miss the great draft beers!Enjoyed our visit nice little corner bar atmosphere with some outdoor seating.....food  was good, beer selection great and friendly bartender  named Ben .... can't wait for our next visit. #phillyfoodie #philadelphiafood #phillyfoodI just went to the new Taproom for dinner and drinks three days ago, and have encouraged multiple friends to go. I've not a single negative comment about it. I live 2 blocks away and am thrilled that this place is my local bar. This is a nice neighborhood, but not exactly bursting with modern, crafted bar food. 
I used to go to the Taproom before it changed hands, and I loved it then. I always had a great time and enjoyed my meals there. Suffice to say, I was a little skeptical when I saw that the Taproom had a new owner and that the menu was getting an overhaul. 
There is nothing to fear about the revamped Taproom on 19th! The interior has been updated to make it more cozy, the bar manager and his staff were truly welcoming and on their game, and the food-my biggest worry-was dynamite. I ordered a lamb burger and fries that was good enough to order again as dessert. 
No doubt I'll be back sooner than later. Excellent work, Taproom!Great local corner bar! They always have an excellent draught list. At Happy Hour (5-7) you can get a pint of Lord Chesterfield for $1.50, and some tasty half price wings, I usually go 1/2 hot and 1/2 Korean.Food is great, love the beers. I especially love that the y have a great selection of nice crafts including founders. Padge is the man. Couldn't ask for better staff.Stopped for breakfast on Sunday. Had a Bloody Mary and the charred asparagus with bacon and an egg. The food was amazing, so flavorful and the drink only average. Tasted like strained tomato water. Should have had a beer instead. They had lots on tap.Not a better place to be found in the neighborhood ! Taco Tuesday is yummy. The staff is the best .....  We will return way way WAY too often.I freaking love this place. I live nearby and I'm so glad this is a neighborhood hang. The food is awesome - bar food that's a step above the rest. That burger tho! The beer list is great too, and I've watched both Eagles games and random 80s movies on the TVs behind the bar.  Service can be a tiny bit slow, especially if you're at a table, but the staff is always super friendly so it's never too big of an inconvenience.My favorite night there is Monday night. All hamburgers are half price. There's also great deals during happy hour for draft beer and half price wings you have to stop thereExcellent atmosphere. Interesting beer selection, and reasonably priced at that. The only knock on it is food prices are a little high and there aren't many meatless offerings. Even the pretzel bites come with some kind of meaty dip. Warning to the squeamish: the bathrooms are unisex "water closets" and guys aren't the greatest at locking the door. I hit a peeing dude in the back trying to enter.I was prompted to write this review merely as a joke to the owner and friend that I would be the 100th review - but honestly, I don't know what's taken me so long to get around to it. I could tell you about the old days of the Taproom before its new ownership and how the new crew has brought new life to the neighborhood bar. I could tell you about the fond memories of their opening day, laughing and singing while helping to get things spiffed up for their first customers. Truth be told though, you don't care about any of that. You're reading this because you want to know about the restaurant/bar and if you should visit. 
The short answer is - the place is solid and yes you should visit. 
In the last 3 years (happy almost 3 year birthday TR19!) Mike, Pete, and their past and present team have given me a reason to visit deep South Philly even on days when I'm not in the area for work. I've had everything from smoked bbq chicken wings and pizza boats, to backyard grilled burgers and cheese plates with delicious locally sourced honey. The menu is always changing and so varied that there's something on here for everyone.
The food is solid, somewhat experimental, and the beer and cocktail list are constantly evolving -  now that Chris Ritter is commandeering the kitchen, you're guaranteed to get mouthfuls of flavor with Asian inspiration rotating through the menu and specials.  Burger Mondays are the main reason why my co-workers have fallen in love with the Taproom, the chill atmosphere of a Saturday or Sunday afternoon makes this a common meeting place with friends, and now that I am responsible for flying candidates into the South Philadelphia area for interviews with my company - TR19 is regularly on their itinerary as a local staple for dinner and a quick beer. 
If the food and libations aren't enough to get you here, check out any one of their many many special events. Whether it's Memorial Day, a crab boil, food truck roundup, or just plain "we're shutting down the street get your asses down here" kind of weekend - you're going to be hard pressed to find another establishment in the neighborhood that throws their level of block parties with inflatable water slides, bounce houses, BBQ and local favorite beer vendors. This is a place that is all about bringing the neighborhood together and I know that their regulars appreciate it. Don't think that you you have to live in South Philly to have an appreciation for this kind of bar and the type of people who hang here - this is an everybody kind of place that I am happy to have in my regular rotation.Went in for a bite to eat, didn't stay because it was unbearably hot ( im talking at least 85 degrees in there) . So we grabbed two beers ( came out to 17 dollars, WAY too expensive) and left without eating, so I cant vouch for the food. Was looking forward to trying it, unfortunately didnt stay  because of the heat.
Edit- the owner reached out to me to apologize about the ac being broken and to invite us back to try the food. A+ customer service right there! Will be going back to try it out and will review the foodThe roast pork sandwich is one of the greatest things I have ever put in my mouth. I have tried to make it at home and it just not the same. The garlic aioli, arugula, provolone, and pork are amazing. My friend said, "I am not really that hungry....do you just want to split your sandwich?" Hell no. Get your own. The bartenders here are awesome and always let you sample the drafts. I also like how they know beer (I don't) and can explain the flavors to someone like me. Even when this place is busy I never feel rushed. They do Quizzo on Wednesday nights! We won last time! I love this place!I recently made a point to explore the deep south parts of Philly, and this place showed up on my radar. I wasn't expecting much because it's out of the way from pretty much the rest of Philly, but was pleasantly surprised. 
First, I noticed they have a great beer list. A whole array of craft brews and many different styles, though I found the beers to be a bit pricey across the board. I don't remember seeing a beer less than $6 and many were more than that, but I could be mistaken. 
For food, I split the chorizo poutine and duck quesadilla with my group, and then split the lamb sausage and shroom burger with my boyfriend. Chorizo poutine--was definitely seemed more like chili fries than a poutine, but it tasted good so I didn't mind. Duck quesadilla--I remember thinking this could have had just a bit more flavor, like it was missing a little something. Lamb sausage--this was my favorite of the things we got. Great flavors! Shroom burger--this was too salty. Thank goodness I was splitting it because I don't think I could have eaten the whole thing. 
Service from the boys working here was great! If I'm ever in the neighborhood again I'll stop by.Different experience!
I read some reviews about their Korean chicken wings and since we both love to try different places for wings I decided to give this place a shot. Their Korean wings were truly amazing because they were perfectly crispy and had just the right amount of sauce. 
Now their cheese curds were not impressive. They were like 10 an order for about 6 of them and they tasted no different than cheap mozzarella sticks. Their garlic fries didn't have any garlic taste, but their chile-lime mayo dip on the side was good. 
We also ate outside and noticed after awhile of sitting there that their huge trash pile up by the curb stunk a little bit. The service was great and so were the wings, but the cheese curds were not impressive and the fries could've used some garlic.Love this spot! Staff is friendly, food is amazing, and the draft list is always great!
Half-prices burgers on Mondays. And their burgers are easily one the best in the city. Also among the best in the city are the wings. I recommend the Korean BBQ. And if you can handle spicy, get you some General Tso's cauliflower - we come back just for that!
Great happy hour specials too! This place is a neighborhood gem!Well, I have to say from my last review this place has got its act together and I am so glad to be back.
The bartenders on Monday are perfect and attentive.
Food is on point. Service is perfect. That is what I am talking about.
Great job.Ordered through Uber eats , everything was completely cold and seemed as if it was left out for a while. The delivery time continuously is drawn back and was over an hour late. Not to mention food was not even worth the trouble.. will not order here again.
Also I have ordered through UberEATS before and never had an issue.The food was delicious. I had pulled pork sandwich my kid had the tap burger. Deviled eggs were perfect. Seasoned perfectly. The pork was seasoned perfectly and was succulent. We were able to get lucky and get parking right out front! The Tap burger perfectly cooked to our liking and defiantly not a frozen before cooking! The food was cooked perfectly with simple but fresh ingredients.Messed up our order twice, food was blah. My wife's cheese steak had pork (bacon) in it which she doesn't eat and didn't order. Definitely wouldn't go back, but not the worst deep south philly bar to grab a meal, I guess. The waitress was super friendly, but she didn't comp us for the part of the order which she messed up. She should have taken it off the bill immediately.So glad that there is new life in the neighborhood. Much more welcoming and friendly! It's great to see Craig putting some finesse on the beverage menu without over complicating things.
I adored the "California Love" -- a tequila based cocktail with some heat!
Also, Who can say no to "Taco Tuesdays" ?!? 
I enjoyed a veggie and a chorizo taco, but my salad with greens and strawberries stole the show.
The food here is solid. I don't think it's meant to knock your socks off, but it's quite tasty and there is a decent array of flavors.  I like to see menus where there is a little something for everybody and this menu has that. As much as I love a good burger, Some of the vegetarian options look so good I'll be checking them out next time!The best goddam bar around. Great food. Always fantastic beers to choose from.  Great atmosphere, great service. You can't ask for anything more than what you'll find at TR19.  Get there. Eat. Drink. Be happy.Wow don't need to go in center city anymore great beer, nice atmosphere, amazing food. It's worth parking in south philly.Good food. Friendly staff. Fair prices. The Korean wings were excellent and the fries went great with them. The waitress was friendly and on point with everything. A friend and I sat outside for hours and she was always readily available to get us new drinks or to clear the table. She knew about the menu too which is always good because not all waitresses know what they're serving.   After 4 hours, food for 2 and several rounds of drinks the bill finally came and I was pleasantly surprised at how inexpensive it was. I would recommend this place to anyone. I haven't been inside at the bar so I'm not sure how the music or inside atmosphere is...but I do know when I went in to grab a menu real quick...I immediately noticed the place smelled wayyy better then the old tap room ever did. Glad there are new owners and that they're keeping it fresh in there. Whenever I went in there before it always smelled like dirty bar rags and the table tops were always sticky. Gross!The beer selection
Was top notch, the vibes were good-
The food was subparGreat food at this place. We went on Monday because they have half priced burgers all day. The Burger was fat and juicy, cooked to perfection. The fries that came with it were crisp, hot, greasy, and salty. Just the way they should be. Can't wait to get back over there and try out some other things off their extensive menu. Keep up the good work guys.Great local bar- just what south philly needs! Amazing friendly staff, great selection of draft beers, and wonderful food!This place rocks!!!!  If you want a relaxed atmosphere and genuine hospitality from the entire staff, plus excellent food and beers than this place is for you.