A group of us went to Tapestry on a Sunday for dinner. Thankfully when we arrived around 6pm there were only two tables occupied so our party of 7 could easily fit in the small interior space. I had wanted to try Tapestry since they opened, and was glad to have an opportunity to finally. However, the experience wasn't as good as our expectations.
We didn't take long to decide what to order, and once we received drinks we immediately told our server what we wanted since most of us were quite hungry already. A few more tables were seated, and while we were waiting for... you know, thank god I don't know how long because it felt like forever since almost all of the other tables who had ordered after us were served before we were! 
When we were served, there were problems with a few plates, such as missing items that were either part of or accompanied the dish, so we waited for that to get sorted out before eating. The food itself was fine - I really liked my octopus salad, and my fiance enjoyed his pulled pork, but his sister's salad with grilled chicken had chicken that wasn't grilled and as tough as leather! It seemed as if they had one person handling the kitchen and only one server up front (not including the bartender), and neither really knew what they were doing. Most of us held the opinion that is wasn't worth a second visit, but I hope that maybe it was a bad night for them.very impressed by the experience, the servers were all amazing. beer selection impressive. food looked anazing although i didnt eat - i will def go back to do so.This place has a great tap beer selection! Never tried the food, but the service was great. We would def recommend checking this place out!Great bar! The old fashioned harkens back to a bygone era. Wonderful food, blessed cheeses with knowledgable service staff. Don't leave with out bacon wrapped dates. Get there soon!The beer is very good . A wide array of interesting beers. While their drinks are fabulous and fancy they're border line pretentious... Or maybe that's just the snotty staff? Really it's just the old hag bartender who has a stick up her ass and is killin biz. But on the up and up lots of young hotties.Tidbits about Tapestry - They have an incredible beer list, food is decent, and everything is very fairly priced.
Many other reviews have compared Tapestry to the previous 5th and Bainbridge spot, Adsum  (See Catherine's review of our visit here http://www.yelp.com/biz/adsum-restaurant-philadelphia#hrid:ttJ0fIsTdRunwdwo0aZtSQ), so I'll just say that it's the total opposite of that place and that's a wonderful thing.  Tapestry has a good feel for the neighborhood and it's clientele.
I've been here a few times and definitely enjoyed it.  The beer list is great, so many old faves and new adventures!  The food is good.  When I started to nitpick, my partner reminded me of the price and the atmosphere.  Ah, she's right.  It's a great place.  Cheese and cured meat selections change daily.  Portions are generous.  Food is tasty.  Prices are super fair.  Service is pleasant.  So far, I've tried a cheese board, deviled eggs, meatballs, steak chili, BLT panini, and the house pizza.  All good.  Really liked the deviled eggs (3 halves traditional, 3 halves siracha-yum!), meatballs, and pizza.  But there are lots more things I want to try!
They've only been open for a short time, so I'm sure there are some kinks to work out, but it's always bumpin' whenever I pass.  I hope it stays that way.  I shall be returning soon!I just picked this place randomly one night and was pleasantly surprised. I didn't have any of the beer but the selection in monstrous. The place is simple yet well appointed and I really liked the decor. I sat at the end of the bar and ended up chatting up some of the servers and managers. They all suggested the fried chicken so I went with it.  It was very good, if a little to heavy on the salt. 
If you are a beer fan i would highly recommend stopping in to sample some of the beers and try pairing it with the fried chicken.Very cool vibe and one of the best manhattans Ive ever had. Will definitely be back!First time at Tapestry last night, and it's definitely worth a repeat visit. Fantastic beer selection, and most things were in the $6-7 price range, which is reasonable enough. 
However, the seating situation was a little bit awkward since we started as a group of 2 which enlarged to a group 6. We were sitting by the bar and were promised a table in the restaurant very soon, but "very soon" turned into an hour and a half, so we kept ordering our drinks and food while sitting at the bar. Once a table opened up, we brought our food and drinks over, but they had us close out the tab with our server by the bar and start a new tab with the server at the table, who we ordered very little from. Sorry -- but seems like splitting tips and keeping one ongoing tab would have solved that problem, and we wouldn't have felt so bad bring our food over from the bar. 
Great mac and cheese though! The fries were decent though only the chipotle ketchup that came with the fries wasn't any good. My friend said her turkey burger was only meh, but I didn't try it myself. Ultimately, my review is really just for the great beer list, chill environment, and mac and cheese.holy mac n cheese goodness. i really shouldve just ordered that! enjoyed a few brews and dinner for a friend's birthday. the draft and bottle list would be reason enough for me to come back/recommend to a friend. 
3.5 starsTwo friends and I stopped in yesterday evening for some drinks and food. The place was crowded, but we grabbed a few stools at the front facing the sidewalk. The counter there was plenty spacious and the ledge underneath provided a good place for bags and such. It was a bit cramped, and the stools were too high for me to cross my legs (or the ledge went down too low), but a minor inconvenience. 
Bacon wrapped dates - My friend absolutely loved the bacon wrapped dates. I'm told everything is better with bacon, and this was no different. So if bacon is your thing - have at it!
Mac 'n cheese and pizza - Not my choices, but I'm told they too were good. I can't attest, but just adding them to indicate multiple things were tried off the menu and all appreciated.
Veggie chili - I've had a lot of veggie chili over the years, and this one certainly ranks up there. There wasn't any magic pixie dust in it, but it was hearty, tasty, and helped me feel like I was eating healthy food. And it was only $5. It was served with a hearty roll and my requested cheese. Recommended.
Drinks - One friend only drank water, but the other ordered drinks made specifically to his liking. The bar manager was extremely friendly, happy to serve my friend his specially made drink. She seemed to enjoy the idea of trying out new flavors, rather than frustrated given the crowd. Attitude like that is what keeps people coming back. And I had an aviation and a Pimm's cup straight from the menu - both well executed. 
I walk by here every Saturday. I'm sure I'll be stopping in more often for a bowl of chili and a drink or two. And Tapestry folks, if you're reading this - if you do have some magic pixie dust, just PM me the secret code to get it sprinkled in my chili.Stopped in on a Saturday after running some errands all over town, found an impressive beer list and some great sweet potato fries. I was pumped to see Rough John John Juniper on the draft list as the last time I had it on draft was at a Rouge speciality event during beer week. Spent most of the time reading the long bottle list, but the service was very polite and prompt, which we appreciated. 
I didn't love the fruity sauce that came with the fries but I am not a red sauce(of any kind) sorta girl, so that's not surprising. The boy thought the sauce was interesting.
We will definitely be back, the food menu looked great and it was calm for that area.This restaurant is everything I love about the Philly food scene. Nice decor, casual atmosphere, reasonable prices and *delicious* food. 
The server was knowledgeable and friendly, and offered to let us sample a few beers before making a selection. (I recommend the Barbar Belgian Honey Ale).
Definitely get olives - you have three choices for only $3. We loved the pistachio ones. The Fromage plate was also great - you get to try all seven cheeses for $15. My boyfriend loved the burger, especially the wide range of choices for toppings. (He went with a fried egg, smoked gouda, and bacon).  I'm a vegetarian and the mushroom soup was perfect for a chilly day.
Not too crowded for two on a Saturday night. You should definitely go.Hello outside dining!
Tucked behind the South Street busy-ness is this neighborhood gem! The beer list is shown by type and area, so you can always try something new. Be bold and adventurous because this place has some nice and unique choices. Food-wise? You can't go wrong. There are some small plate selections such as deviled eggs, sweet potato fries, and mac and cheese. My choice was the duck confit salad which had goat cheese and dried cherries. The combination worked, and I left pretty happy. Prices are really affordable, so I hope I'll be in this neighborhood again to try some of the other plates, and of course, their beer.This is a perfectly balanced neighborhood gastro pub. I know, I know...we don't need any more of those in Philly, you might say. In general, yes. However I believe we can lose a few of those others in exchange for Tapestry.
Because they do it all perfectly.
Amazing beer selection, large number on tap.
Great food (burger was tops) on both the entree and app sides.
Very relaxed vibe, and super friendly staff (this is actually the biggest differentiator)
I was upset when Adsum closed, and was skeptical of Tapestry until I tried it. I'm happy to say 5th and Bainbridge is back in my rotation.Tapestry is a wonderful and welcome addition to the neighborhood. While its immediate predecessor, Adsum, was very special, as many have noted, it was not sustainable. Tapestry is EXACTLY what the corner of 5th & Bainbridge needed: moderately-priced neighborhood fare with an ENORMOUS selection of wines, cocktails and beer, friendly service and a chill, neighborhood vibe. It is truly an "every walk of life" bar for the 21st century. I cannot say enough good things about it.
The chicken liver pate was wonderful and crack-like in its addictiveness. The burger is very good. The pizzas hit the spot. And the charcuterie and cheese boards are a tremendous value. 
Whether you're looking to sit down to some impressive food, enjoy a craft brew or get your swerve on on a Friday night, Tapestry is the place for you!We were so disappointed when Adsum closed and honestly resisted going to Tapestry out of respect for Adsums short life.  We didn't think there was anyway that it would be as good as Adsum, so didn't want to waste our time.
Boy were we wrong. Tapestry surpassed our expectations and surpassed Adsum. They have an abundance of beers(bottled and on tap) and an extensive menu.  
We chose to sample the small plates menu and practically ordered every item. In particular the bacon wrapped dates blew us away. So much so that we ordered second helping.  Other favorites were the sriracha deviled eggs, the roasted beets and the spicy house pickles...
Unfortunately we didn't save any room for dessert.  Suppose we'll have to go back.This is my second excursion to Tapestry. I love the food here. Their beers and burgers are good. The staff are friendly and provide excellent customer service. Tonight it was outstanding. My friend and I ordered gelato and sorbet.. which took a very long time to arrive. When we received  our dessert, it was clearly half melted. We didn't complain or send it back because we had waited a while. The waitress on her own comped the desserts and removed them from our check. I was very impressed and pleased that she took control and handled the situation.This place ranks high for me. Great beer selection, great food, great crowds!
I tried a few things on the menu with some friends recently.  We got the chicken liver mouse, sweet potato fries, bacon wrapped dates and the roasted beets.  I will say, after that selection, I want to try EVERYTHING!!
You really can't go wrong by making a visit here! Staff is great, service is great and you will have a great time!This was a gem that we found, on Yelp. The beer inventory is great. The food was awesome. But what we loved the most was that it was family friendly. 
We ordered the cheese plate which was fab. The meatballs were great for our little boy to eat. Just don't order the French cider. 
Our waitress was a tad cold and uncomfortable. Almost as if she never seen a 9 month old baby before. However her awkwardness did not out weigh the rest of the staff. The tables are tight and place is small for the traffic that is coming through the door. I guess that's not a bad thing. 
We are excited to come back without the LO to sit at the bar.Didn't have the fried chicken on the menu on a Saturday eve even though its been in multiple reviews and i thought was the thing to get there.  Service was eh although it was not busy and lots of staff there.  Beer sorta flat from too much foam at the tap, and our bartender said that is how its supposed to be.  Food we did get was just OK.   My hot sandwich was cold in the middle and came with nothing but a garnish.  Went out of my way to try this place...will not return/recommend.The boys from Agiato and Main Street Market have pushed the old Adsum space into a well rounded neighborhood jawn that is exactly what you want.  These men care about your time in their establishment.  The menu is unpretentious and the beer list is phenomenal with some resident experts both there and in the cocktail regime that provide for a great experience.  Get the Octopus (Sorry, I always go with the octopus), and a Tapestry Burger.  Also, hop on the shepherds pie train with a one-way ticket to Lamb-town.This place is great. The menu is perfect and the beer selection is great. Highly recommended! Not to mention the servers are really nice and know their shit.I have been to Tapestry enough times for them to charge me rent and I don't even remember half of the trips.
For food: 4 Stars - My two all time favorites are the Shepherd's Pie and the Mussels. The food is very casual and I love that you can make your own pizza or burger with quality options (Just don't do it wasted because you can put together some horrific combos)
For Beer: 5 Stars - They have decent dark beer selections in the summer which is one of my requirements.
For Service: 4 Stars - I have made a ton of friends going here and they are all very attentive and solid.
For Management: 0 Stars - Most of the great bartenders and servers have either been fired or moved on because of the management. As a customer I have seen one of the owners acting inappropriately towards a female server. I go here a lot, but they shouldn't be training new employees more often than they change their taps.
Basically I love the place, but you better get in here before it goes the way of Adsum and shuts it's doors again.Server was great. They had white anchovies that I'd only seen in Spain.  Good beer selection.After having logged enough hours at Tapestry, I feel confident enough to say that it is a wonderful bar/restaurant in my neighborhood and I'm hoping it will stay around for a while.
This space has seem some turnover through the years and I'm finally excited about one of the offerings.  The crew who put together Tapestry seem to have their focus in the right spots.  The cocktails are superb, the beer selection is stellar and the food does not disappoint.  It's a great spot to meet up with friends or even to have a fun dinner with that special someone.
I really thought it was going to be hard to top the previous offering (Adsum) but Tapestry has found a way to breathe new life into this space.  The decor is similar because they kept a lot of the existing layout.  The colors are deep and rich blacks and the whole spot just feels a bit more inviting than it ever did before.
For the small plates, I really like the bacon wrapped dates and the sweet potato fries are actually crispy.  I've had a number of other items on the menu as well and I've also stopped people at the bar to ask what they are eating.  The staff here understands presentation and flavor and it makes for a great experience.
I'm a fan, I'm a regular and will continue to be, for as long as possible.Went here after dinner for drinks. We had a group of 7 and they couldn't seat us togather for a half hour. Which was annoying but understandable. In the mean in we were able to find various spots around the bar. Eventually they were able to seat us. There beer list was amazing, informative, and organized. They were also able to make me a dark and stormy which was killer. Besides that all of out drooled over our cute server. With that i guess you get 4 stars.I'd tap that ...
There are many things that you cannot tell from a soft opening and some things you can.
These I will now lay (thread)bare for you.
I can almost guarantee that you'll receive excellent service here. These bartenders look like they're gonna rule. They know what they're doin'.
Didn't so much as glance at the food menu. No doubt it'll be tasty if the only food item I tried is any indication. Rock shrimp rocked.
Getting down to the crux of Tapestry; the beer. If this is what you're seeking you will be richly rewarded with the gleaming embroidery that poses as the beer menu. Something for everyone; no disappointments here.
Between the music and the conversation this room has the potential to get loud. Only drawback I can see is that when it's busy it may not be conducive to intimate conversation.
Will return seeking the good beers.I've given Tapestry two tries, and I don't think I will return to see if third time's a charm.  The first time I went I was 2-turned-into-6 group with Adrienne R.  I was probably the 6th, and it took at least 20 minutes for anyone to give me a drink menu (when we had a server at the bar against the window).  By that time, I held off on ordering a drink because we would be seated any moment.  Any moment turned into another 20 minutes perhaps.  Finally we got a table.  I ordered a turkey burger, and it was probably the worst turkey burger I've ever had.  The meat just tasted completely off.  I ate only half of it...
Then my fiance and I returned for brunch this past weekend.  The brunch menu is fairly decent, but one item we wanted was unavailable (said our server when we ordered it...).  So I went with an egg white omelette, and my man got a proscuitto panini.  The paninis are weak sauce.  So tiny!  It tasted nice though.  It came with only a little microgreen side (like, 5 stems).  Meanwhile, I see the next table over have a chicken panini delivered, with a heaping side salad!  What's up with that?
My omelette was pretty good, but not worth a return visit.  I just expect so much more than what is delivered here.  Maybe I'm a tough critic... but me thinks not.Went there last night and had perfect buffalo wings and a glass of dry champagne-like cider; my boyfriend had a flawlessly cooked medium rare NY strip and well-seasoned fries with a crispy exterior and soft potato-y interior.  Tapestry has a great and attentive staff, too.  I wish there was a late-night neighborhood gem like this in West Philly/University City.If you are not close to Hawthorne's on 11th or Eulogy in Old City, Tapestry has the same epic-sized beer menu, coupled with tasty appetizers that are reasonably priced.  Although the food is not too expensive, you will make up the cost on cocktails, which are not cheap (but they don't skimp on the alcohol, so each libation is very strong).  Mac n' cheese is excellent (but Jones probably still squeaks out first place).  Service can be s-l-o-w if the place is busy.  Tapestry tends to get packed on Friday and Saturday nights, so if you want to try the place for the first time without an obscene wait, go on an off night, or go very late.I would totally want Tapestry to be my regular hangout if I lived even a few blocks closer. It casual but delicious, busy but not crowded and they have some amazing beers on hand.
If there are different levels of hipster, I'd describe Tapestry's crowd as, 'probably a graphic designer' kind of an odd thing to say, but I feel it give you an accurate sense of the crowd. 
I had the shepherd's pie and I'd say it was the best I've ever had. That's a bold claim to make, so I encourage you to try it as well. The pizzas, fried chicken and burgers looked and smelled as though they'd be on par with the shepherds pie as well.
In a city with so many places to drink/ eat, I can't wait to go back to Tapestry. So...that my review: it passes the test and goes into regular rotation. Go here for a casual pub night with friends, or a tasty weeknight dinner.Note to management:  it's time to consider a new bartender on saturday's daytime.  Just a little effort, maybe even a hello, would be an improvement.  Didn't even get a chance to order anything, the bartender was too busy with her friends.Now THAT is a beer list. This beer menu is definitely comparable to some of the best in the city. They also have very pleasant outdoor seating that we took advantage of.
My best advice for you: get the chef's cheese selection! You will get to try so much exciting and interesting cheese with some perfectly crunchy baguette. Nothing could be better than sitting outside and eating cheese on a perfect spring afternoon. Hey, to each his own!
I would stay away from the sandwich list, just because they are much smaller than you would expect. Your best bet might be just splitting a bunch of the smaller plates with a few friends to get the most of your money.
Enjoy!They have been open for less than a week - and i have now been 3 times.  The beer list is amazing...and the food is pretty good.  Plus it is also kid friendly - we took our kids there...they had the mac & cheese (was yummy), the nachos and wings.  we had fried oysters, shepherds pie, and the fried chicken.  all were pretty good.  
the ambience is great - half wall seperates the bar area from the dining.  
staff was very friendly...
hmm..i should go back today  ;-)I walked into Tapestry and was so incredibly excited.  Having totally missed Adsum before it closed, my roommate and I decided we had to check this new spot out since we're trying to hit up everywhere in Bella Vista, ultimately Tapestry left something to be desired.
Good News: The staff is super friendly, we walked in and were greeted like regulars, sat immediately and consistently checked on.  
The beer list.  Tapestry is doing the Philly "Debut" of Clown Shoes Beer (I kinda love this concept) and the beers we sampled, Eagle Claw Fist and the Tramp Stamp were both hoppy and delicious and only $5! Sign me up.
Bad News: The food was majorly disappointing.  We split the Mac and Cheese which was a solid Philadelphia restaurant offering albeit nothing special and nowhere near the caliber of The Latest Dish just down the road.  There were three of us and we all sampled from different portions of the menu.  Roommate one had the mixed green salad which was big, but lacked any depth of flavors despite it listing fennel and leeks as major components.  Roommate two ordered the fish and chips, which were again fine.  I had the Bacon, Avocado, Lettuce, Tomato Panini, sadly the sandwich was just alright but I honestly didn't even finish it. 
I will absolutely go back to Tapestry in the future for drinks, possibly small plates as they include some nontraditional offerings, bacon-wrapped dates and assorted meat and cheese plates, but there are definitely better dinners for the same and sometimes lower prices in the area.Good beer selection, good cock tails (from what I hear), long menu with all sorts of good bites and priced well for neighborhood (on the affordable side but not super cheap). There's really no complaints here. I wish I had made it over to Tapestry more often when I lived in the neighborhood.Excellent experience! After Zagat tweeted about Tapestry, I trained from the suburbs  to the city - then a subway - then a mile walk from the station! (Sidenote: Took the R5 Paoli-Thorndale line to 30th St then the Market/Frankford line to 5th st. And walked straight down 5th and boom, Tapestry is on the corner). That would be my biggest complaint - the location is great if you live in that neighborhood, but it doesn't have a convenient way of getting there. 
Beer menu is exceptional! Food was fresh and tasty. The food menu was simple, delicious and familiar but enticing dishes from soups, salads, paninis, sandwiches, pizzas, entrees and traditional sides (macncheese, fries, etc.) and a surprising offering of mussels and fried oysters. 
I had the portobello mushroom, pesto, spinach and cheese panini with a micro green salad. Boyfriend had the burger with avocado, scallions and Swiss (first 2 toppings and cheese incl.) 
Prices are surprisingly reasonable for the quality and selection. Beers are thoughtfully sorted by price (avg $4-9. 24 drafts from all over the world, including some of my favorite US microbrews like Left Hand, Avery and Dogfish. Lots of great names with rare labels, was really really excited to see the big chalkboard listings! I also loved the layout of the menu.
Setting was cozy without being cramped. A little too dark at our table - some tiny overhead tea lights would be my suggestion. Big traditional bar with 2 TVs playing Saturday night college football. 
I was so pleased and enjoyed my experience at Tapestry. Only reason for 4/5 not 5/5 was the journey it took to get there and the lack of a convenient subway stop within reasonable, cold weather walking distance. 
I will abbbbsolutely go back! I'm waiting for the Avery Maharaja to get tapped!So glad we stopped by here last night. The drinks were great (we had cocktails and beer) and the staff was so friendly and accommodating. We also got the cured meat plate- really impressed with the amount and prices.My boyfriend and I went here last night to venture out of our neighborhood (old city), as there aren't many places we haven't been a million times. We left very VERY happy. We managed to snag the last spot in the bar overlooking the street. The bartenders and servers were very professional while still very laid back and friendly.
The space was much smaller than I thought it would be, but very well designed. The dining and bar area were both bustling, but not overly noisy. The decor was right up my alley, red velvet curtains, dark lighting, lots of windows...which I am wondering if they open in the summer- that would be ridiculously perfect.
Cocktails we had were Old Fashioned, Sazeracs, and Martinis. Which were awesome, and made properly and with great care.
For food we had:
Red Pizza with Prosciutto and Arugula- insanely good. Favorite thing we ordered. Rich yummy crust, smoked mozz- best pizza I have ever had in a bar in philly. 
Bacon Wrapped Dates- as good as everyone says. The date paste was phenomenal.
Octopus Salad- the octopus was cooked perfectly, but the salad was unfortunately overdressed and kinda ruined the dish for us. 
Beet Salad with Burrata and Hazelnuts- i love me some beets, and this had the potential to be great, but the dish was lacking in salt, so was pretty 'meh'.
Meatballs- these were really tasty. Lovely creamy tomato sauce.
We had a few more drinks as it was pouring down with rain and then decided to get a cheese plate to top off the meal (why not!?).
Thin sliced fresh baguettes, honey and an assortment of 7 cheeses. This was really the icing on the cake. The cheeses were perfect temperature and a very healthy portion of each. Favorites were the smoked gouda from Holland, the triple creams, the stilton, the creamy goat cheese. We will definitely be going back just for the cheese and this time pair it with the meats!
Is this place expensive? Our bill for all that was....$107. We thought they must have missed half of our drinks or something, but nope just a very well-priced menu. We were pleasantly surprised!
The combination of the atmosphere, attentive service, good music, good food, interesting food, without the feeling of trying too hard made this bar great. 
The food had some snags, but I can be a harsh critic.
Lovely spot, look forward to visiting again :)I've been here a few times and the beer selection is consistently good.  They also have some great cocktails, one of which the bartender kindly altered for me because I hate gin with a fiery passion.  The food here is solid, in particular their burgers.  What really grinds my gears are the toppings/extras.  They have a ton of them on the menu and it gives you the ability to customize your own meal, but they are grossly overpriced.  I requested avocado on top of the burger, which is $1 extra.  Instead of a whole avocado (or even half of one), they smeared about a tablespoon of avocado on the top of the bun.  Really??  $1 extra for THAT?  Needless to say, skip the toppings here because they're not worth your money.  I want to love this place, but I think I'll be sticking with the drinks menu from now on because I can't trust the portions coming out of the kitchen.Tapestry was good.  Not great.  I think part of the problem was my expectations - quite a few of the reviews on here raved about the burger...and I love a good burger.  And it was good.  But not great.  So I was a tad disappointed.
Same for the pizzas - one in our party had the regular, one had the white.....both said they were good, but not great.  The other person in our party had the romaine & arugula salad.....except it was all romaine.  Literally - not one piece of arugula.
The staff was friendly, the atmosphere was nice - but again, not necessarily stand out exceptional.  Just good.
The biggest reason I'll go back and try something else on the menu is the beer list.  Now the beer list was definitely exceptional!  Lots to choose from and even included a list of beers that will be coming soon...something to look forward to.
So, overall - good and totally worth going back...just with different expectations this time.  It'll be good, just not great.i love the casual, neighborhood feel of this place. the beer selection is incredible and they had a great cider on tap when i went. the food is good, nothing too innovative, but sometimes that is ok with me. i went with a bunch of friends and had a relaxing night. typical casual american food, burgers, fried chicken, steak frites, but everything was good. i wouldn't call the food "great," but it hit the spot and satisfied the picky eaters in my group. this is the kind of place where we could just hang out and not be rushed. the staff is very friendly as well. i'll be back.My wife and I ate there Last night!  We had just left a Sushi restaurant because of the fact that our apps took 25 minutes, and the restaurant had been empty... Enough about that.  Sabrina our server at Tapestry took wonderful care to ensure our experience was a good one.  
The beer menu is extensive with over 20 arsenal brews on tap.  
We dined on a beet, citrus and mint salad with goat cheese, octopus salad, bacon wrapped dates and white pizza.  All were excellently prepared and seasoned.  
the octopus salad was probably my favorite.  
I am glad we wound up here and would highly recommend this to anyone looking for an excellent gastropub!So after having a horrible experience at Adsum and thus totally understanding how it could close down, my fiance and I decided to give Tapestry a try.  We did go in a little wary though, and were pleasantly suprised.  We enjoyed our appetizers and my partner thought the pulled pork sandwhich was excellent.  They have a  competitive beer selection as well as prices for the area and the food was served fresh and quickly (which we like).  Our server was also very nice and attentive.  Overall we had a great meal with a great atmosphere and have been back once already since writing this review.We tried Tapestry last week.  Beer selection was great.  Menu prices reasonable.  The food was disappointing.   
Both ordered the veggie chili.  Served almost cold.  Part lukewarm, part cold. 
Deviled eggs.  Fillings were tasty but the egg whites were rubbery.
Fish and Chips - two sad pieces of fried blandness with a ginormous amount of steak fries. 
Macaroni and cheese - was tasty, large spiral noodles.Horrible service! I have lived in the neighborhood for 10 years. I frequent Beau Monde, Bistro la Minette, Fitzwater Cafe, Southwark, and the many other magnificent gastropubs and eateries in and around Queen Village and Bella Vista.  Never have I ever been completely ignored for 20 minutes, watching two other tables get served before our own. We occupied a table for two on the sidewalk last night... The inside was empty and there were three servers serving the partially full outdoor seating area... sorry to not be able to blame the lack of service on the crowd.  I gave this place another star because they have an amazing beer selection on tap.... If you can ever get the server to bring you one. A friend warned me not to bother with this one. Should have listened.  I also think this corner is doomed since it has had 4-5 different restaurants attempt to occupy it in the past 10 years.
Some other con's for the frequent foodie:
1. Not a huge selection of tapas - there were many olive selections but no cheese.
2.  Be prepared for pizza, Mac-and-cheese, and burgers... There are only three real large plates besides those options. (the usual muscles, salad, steak, and chicken).
3. The outdoor seating area along Bainbridge is nice, but avoid the end closer to 6th if you can... It's right by their trash area.I want to give this place a 4 star review so badly. I have been here three or four times and every time the food has been good - but last night's experience leave me wondering if i will go back.
To take a positive perspective, I'll start with the good. When this place opened up this past year, I was so excited - another great spot in Bella Vista/Queen Village, with a ton of great beer on tap, lots of yummy food choices to please most palates, a cool atmosphere which literally "defines" its name, with pretty purplish tapestries hanging around the windows, and they even play good music. It's dark enough to give it a cool "North 3rd" type vibe without being so dark that you feel like you're in a dirty bar  (i.e. Royal Tavern - which I do love, but that's for another review).
The mac and cheese and burger are delicious. The bacon wrapped dates are the bomb. And the wings were one of the best I have ever had in the city. But if you come into Philly trying to be the next great pub and DON"T have a good burger on the menu, well, you're popping up in the wrong city.
Now for the negative. Last night I came in with my BF and two friends, after i persuaded them to go there over another fav spot because i said "the food is great, great beer, good service" blah blah. Well, insert food in mouth. We showed up and I thought for sure the waiter had to be new. He took forever to bring out our beers - i literally thought maybe they were brewing them back there. Then he finally came back to take our orders. Nothing fancy - mussels, fried cauliflower, skirt steak sandwich, a salad and wings. An hour and two or three rounds later - I had to ask " are we ever going to get our food?" Oh, there were also two tables in the whole place - and a few people drinking at the bar. 
A woman came over and proceeded to apologize about how "they were so busy" earlier and the kitchen got backed up. Um, what does that have to do with now? Suddenly our food came out all at once, looking like it had been sitting back in the kitchen window while the kitchen staff was likely smoking a J out back. Not that i have a problem with kitchen staff doing that - but customers come first. In a neighborhood with so many other cool bars and restaurants, I would be hesitant to come back here for a while.Katy makes amazing cocktails, the beer list is huge,and the food is fabulous....try the steak frites! You wont be disappointed heading here for dinner and a drink or 3, the prices are amazing and the service is outstanding.We read the yelp reviews before ordering and got two great recommendations.  1.) The charcuterie plate, whoever said it was a great value is absolutely correct.  12.00 and more than enough for the four of us to share for an appetizer.  2.) burgers-I love the topping selection and am generally pretty happy when I can have a fried egg on my burger.  The burger was definitely an excellent dinner option. 
The beer list is also great, with its preview of up and comings and ample, yet affordable, list of microbrews.  This is a great new neighborhood addition.  I wish it would feel a little bit cozier, but maybe that will come in time.I really like this place. Great beer selection. Awesome food. Excellent service. Reasonable prices. My only complaint is the music. Switch out the trip hop, please.Our party of 4 showed up on a Friday night around 7 and were told that there would be a reasonable 15 minute wait. I ordered a "Corpse Reviver" at the bar, which was a tasty gin-n-absinthe concoction. The service at the bar was a bit slow, but the care and attention put in to creating the cocktails was well worth the wait.
After being seated by an enthusiastic waiter, we ordered some small plates to share. The bacon wrapped dates were sweet-smokey flavor bombs, and priced at a very reasonable $5. We also split the octopus salad, the beet salad, and the red peppers with burrata and chewy french bread. We enjoyed every bite and washed it down with affordable craft brews and a well-made Rum Old-fashioned. The final bill was reasonable, and we left buzzed and satisfied.Five stars for the beer selection alone.  I can't begin to speak to the food as we didn't sample any but the beer list puts this place over the top.  I wasn't expecting the amazing list I got when I walked in.  If you're familiar with the previous occupant, Adsum, the set-up is very similar and the atmosphere pretty close also.  When I walked in, the words "Russian River" slapped me in the face from their draft list.  Not everyday you can sample their amazing Bling Pig IPA so thanks to Tapestry for hooking that up.  In talking with the bartender they clean their draft lines once a week so you can be assured a great brew.  Also the list features a healthy "next up" list which highlights the next kegs to be poured as the current list is kicked.  This is definitely a great way to keep the excitement up and patrons returning.
I have to say, I was super bummed to see Adsum go, but now am sad I don't live in the neighborhood any longer to frequent Tapestry weekly (daily?!)  Amazing selection of craft beers (some of which I've never seen on draft - ever) and I'm hearing, great food.  They also have great events on a regular basis.  I will return next time in Philadelphia without a doubt.Top Ten Reasons to Go to Tapestry:
1. Great, low-key vibe
2. Dates wrapped in bacon with a spicy cranberry sauce
3. Delicious, thin crust pizza
4. Great menu selection
5. Super reasonable prices on food
6. Ridiculously extensive beer selection
7. Awesome Barbera by  the glass
8. Katie the "spiritual" adviser behind the bar
9. Katie's expertly prepared, homemade cocktails
10. Eclectic crowd
My only caveat: didn't like the Chardonnay by the glass and the $3 olive appetizer had so many olives, we had to share them with the rest of the bar.Okay folks! So I stopped by on Wednesday before my death metal concert at the TLA! And I am glad I did! 
I was first met with a greeting which is always nice! The tap list was varied and nice. 
But this day I got something from the bottle list. And in my search for the Italian craft, I enjoyed Birra Del Borgo ReAle Extra, which I have been meaning to try! 
So upon tasting this gem, I decided to try a pizza. Pizza with pancetta to be exact! It was a ten inch, and I ate 6 out of 8 slices which tells you how hungry I was!
The pizza was excellent and the service was great. Mind you it was not crowded at all, but rarely do I go out when there is crowds just for this simple reason!
So thanks, Tapestry for the start of a great day!This is the best place in blocks to get a draft beer by far; before Tapestry came the neighborhood was screaming for this place.  If you ask the right bartender you can get plenty of information about all the beers on tap, certainly enough to get a good recommendation.  Add a massive selection of bottled beer and a solid coctail menu.
Staff are friendly and attentive, the atmosphere is comfortable, and the place is clean.  The food is on par with philly gastropubs.  Tapestry does a spectacular job in its niche, and the restaurant side is a fine complement.The service is TERRIBLE!!! Had to wait 45 minutes, outside with not so much as a glass of water AND had the immense pleasure (sarcasm) of watching the my waiter wait on the table directly in front of me. Seriously, WTF?! I didn't try the food b/c I was so upset, I got up & left. UNACCEPTABLE!
Wow! What a mega fail! Don't sit outside if you want ANY sort of service. Left after being seated without ANY service after half an hour!
I have also heard that this place has shut down due to tax evasion. So there ya go. I live very close to this place and they are definitely shut down at the moment.At first glance, Tapestry looks like a pretentious high-end bar where the hipsters and yuppies hang out.  Take another look, and you'll see a comfy, more neighbourhood environment -- casuals and collegiates, families with their little wee ones, even an elderly couple sitting in the corner using their cell phones to highlight the menu better.
Beer selection is substantial and impressive, and so is their draft list.  Drink and food specials are written down at the chalkboards posted in the back of the large room, but don't miss out on the amazing cocktail list (Planter's Punch with Kraken rum?  YES!).  Bonus points for cute bartenders at the front, mmhm.
Food prices here are reasonable with entrees starting at $10 -- and they don't skip on the portion sizes.  They also have a pretty nifty build-your-burger menu -- start with beef or turkey, lettuce tomato and/or onion, then add on additional toppings for 50 cents to a dollar apiece.  My burger was perfectly cooked to order with yum bacon, and would've been perfect had it not been for the substantially thick slice of cheddar.  Other than that, the burger and fries were delicious and I appreciated the side garlic aioli.
A girlfriend and I had a mix up with our orders which the friendly staff were more than apologetic for, but the new plates took awhile to return to the table.  Blaming it on the fact that it was a busy hour, though... at least for now.  Our server was also great about our birthday cake, keeping it chilled in the kitchen and then serving it lit with candles at the right time (and thankfully, no singing!).
As always, parking around South St is a pain... be patient and traverse the streets carefully.Wow.  This place is extremely promising - just a couple days after it opened, Tapestry seems to have the food and the service in place and the excited buzz is palpable.  The ambiance is relaxed but polished, open, dimly-lit, comfortable.  The beer - the very long list including many labels from around the country, proper glassware is used...the cocktail list was rather classic but with many interesting touches...wine, didn't notice.  The food I noticed.  We ordered chicken orzo soup, which was interesting and delicious and full of flavor and totally down home.  The white pizza with pancetta and fresh tomato was light, rich, flavorful, with fresh mozzarella and a salty, crispy crust.  The burger was large, flavorful, and perfectly cooked on a fresh brioche bun, the fries were thin, fresh, crispy, tasty...I guess I've mentioned that the food is fresh and flavorful?  The prices were totally reasonable for the quality of the ingredients and the cooking.  The menu is pretty extensive and includes interesting sounding snacks, salads, soups, sandwiches and burgers, and larger plates like fried chicken too.   The service was quick, calm, resourceful and caring, even though everything was so new and the place was hopping.  We're looking forward to going back to eat a little more adventurously.  If the promise pans out, Tapestry will be a fantastic addition to the neighborhood.My boyfriend and I live right around the corner and after hearing some not-so-flattering reviews about Tapestry and having never been to Coquettish or Adsum, we thought we'd give it a try.
Everything was really tasty and high-quality. 
We ordered two small plates: one of sweet potato fries and the other was the meatballs.  The meatballs were...So...Good.  The sauce was so flavorful and the tiny baguette was so fresh and delicious.  I wish the serving was bigger but hey -- it was a "small plate."
For dinner, my boyfriend had the mussels (which he ordered in red but they came out in white) but they were delicious and he still ate them all.  I got a turkey burger with cheddar and fried egg and it was delicious.  The spread on the side was absolutely fabulous and the turkey burger was one of the best I've had in this city.  At first my sandwich came without cheese or egg (big problem!) but my server -- without being asked -- had it comped right away.
The beer selection is really good (extensive) and I found it to be really reasonably priced.
Our server, Jackie, was really awesome too!  
The only bad thing was that I thought the sweet potato fries were kind of mushy and limp, but the regular fries totally made up for that. 
We will definitely be back!An excellent addition to the neighborhood. I always liked this spot and not sure why businesses have not done well here. I hope Tapestry thrives.
The beer selection is excellent. Interesting choices and not so overwhelming that you are paralyzed. The cocktail options look interesting and round out the drinking options. The menu is fine, the food is tasty. This is a gastropub, so I am not reviewing it as I would a dedicated restaurant. Having said that, the food is delicious, the service excellent.
The decor is lovely. I am glad that the interior was not changed very much from the way the previous restaurant looked. The entire place has glass exteriors open to the street. I personally like this environment in the right mood, but it may not be to your taste if you are looking for a dark cave-like pub swaddled in wood and fabric.Troegs Nugget Nectar is on tap here as of Saturday Feb 25th.  Highly sought after beer with a limited release from Troegs and rightfully so, it's taste is splendid.  Had two glasses but had to venture to the rest of Tapestry's ridiculously impressive Beer Menu.  Wow! One of my favorite Beer programs in the city...awesome draft list plus an extensive American and International bottle selection.  Talking HUGE selection here.
Solid Bites to go with the Beer.  Enjoyed a perfectly cooked medium-rare burger with Grafton aged cheddar, caremalized onions.  Served up with a nice side of crispy fries, spicy housemade pickle, two dipping sauces: Curry Ketchup and Horseradish Aioli.  Curry Ketchup seems to be the condiment of the year, nicely done. Brioche Bun, all buttery and grilled makes this burger damn tasty!
Rest of the menu looks solid.  Cheese + Charcuterie plates are a steal of a deal. But on this day it was about the Beer.  Tomorrow I will return to eat some more delicious Bites.Outstanding sig cocktail menu, infinite interesting beers, limited but well-priced food, good vibe.I really like this place and so does my girlfriend.  So much in fact that we somehow managed to go three weekends in a row.  The beer list is great, with always something new to try.  The duck confit salad is perfectly unique and bold.  Be prepared and only order it if you're a fan of duck in general.  I have had the chili twice now and stand at 50/50.  The first time was definitely meatier and savory.  To me, the pizza is hit and miss but I don't often indulge in it.  I leave that one up to her.  I can't say enough good things; the perfect location, rotating drafts, and great food!I hoped and prayed Adsum and its lame burgers, gross fish, and snooty attitude would go away and be replaced by something delicious, gracious, and frankly, useful to the neighborhood. And (drumroll) my wish was granted! 
Tapestry is exactly what the neighborhood needed. Great burgers, great drinks, great service. (Even great bathrooms.) I highly recommend:
- a medium rare burger with smoked gouda and pickled jalapenos.
- the charcuterie plate with speck, coppa, soppresata, finocchiona, and lomo (dried pork tenderloin - a little sweet and yum) ... stoneground mustard, lots of good chewy baguette, caper berries and cornichons. it's a meal in itself.
- a Manhattan. perfection in a glass.
- the duck confit salad with arugula and dried cherries - ask for extra bleu cheese because it matters / balances out the salt and vinegar flavors and meaty textures.
Plus the food prices are exceptionally reasonable.
Personally I hate sports (unless it's Johnny Weir in a sparkly unitard) so I could do without the het pigskin pass on the TV screens. However, when in Philly. Plus I'm not the target demographic. Anyway the volume is off and thankfully it's not the kind of scene that welcomes yelling every ding-dong play at the monitors. So I can focus on the delish food. 
Postscript: When I open my imaginary restaurant the TV will be all Dynasty, Ann-Margaret movies, Cher videos, Dolly Parton interviews and Telemundo all the time.The pros:  Brilliant cocktails, reasonable prices, great beer selection
Unfortunately the otherwise cool, bistro-style atmosphere is wrecked by the presence of four big screen tvs distracting you with an unnecessary steam of ESPN.  I had the cubano panini (not stellar).  My girlfriend had the duck confit salad (awesome).
If they ditched the tvs, this would be a great date place.  If you go, don't miss the cocktails.Holy crap the beer!
A menu for all hungers
If you don't know, ask
First, my one overarching experience that crossed every aspect of Tapestry: just how damn helpful and friendly the staff is. That says a lot, and covers a lot of shortfalls in most places. Here, they weren't covering much so it was a nice added bonus.
Came in here with a group of about 6 on a Friday night and snagged corner bar seats. Everyone in our party got different beers, and these folks (except myself) were all hockey players and really appreciate good beer in great volumes. And we did. Their selection is bordering on the unwieldy, but fortunately as I said before the bartenders and staff are more than happy to help you decide on what's palette perfect at that moment.
Decided on some food too. As per usual for the first time out at most places I'll opt for the hamburger. It's my benchmark of sorts; if you can't do a good burger, I'm probably not going to like your other offerings. It's just been my experience and hasn't led me too off course yet. The burger with bleu cheese and caramelized onion was one of the better ones I've had recently. It was cooked perfectly as requested (medium rare). My only complaint was the bun. It was pretty plain, not buttered or grilled as I could tell. I also had the spicy pickles, which were damn good, crisp and thick and not over the top on the heat level.
After beers and food, cocktails were decided upon after talking with the bartender. I mentioned I like old fashioned's and she suggested a rum old fashioned. It wasn't on the menu but she said it's a favorite to make. Damn! It was delicious, and I wish I knew the ratios so I could make it again at home. Better reason to go back I suppose.
Tapestry is a great neighborhood spot to replace the much loved Adsum. I can definitely see going back here for drinks especially, and likely a few small plates next time.I was here on a Sunday night for an event that they had going on. It has a decent atmosphere and had a nice beer list but I wasn't thrilled. Beers are mostly $8 and up for 11oz beers. I also noticed that they were filling up pitchers with beer and letting them sit. I spent $24 on 3 beers and didn't try any food. Service was mediocre. I rather go to Devils Den or Royal Tavern. But this place always seems busy when I walk by so maybe I need to try more than just the beer. It is nice to be near but not on South Street, especially if you want to sit outside.After an Indian dinner on South St, we couldn't decide where to go for a drink. I pulled out the trusty Yelp app and immediately decided on this place. Can't believe I couldn't think about it on my own since I had been wanting to try it out!
I can't give this place 5 stars, because I haven't had any food here. However, I was here around 9:30 on a Friday night with 2 friends. We grabbed seats at the bar and were quickly wrapped up in a ginormous beer list. The drafts and bottles are all very reasonably priced. I loved the selection, the atmosphere, and the company. Bartenders were attentive. Can't wait to try this place out again.I'd give it 7 stars. Octopus is slammin. Beers are never ending. Cocktails are incredibly unique, and the plates are ridiculously fair priced and good portions. Say no more. No one can possibly feel unwelcome here. Extremely casual atmosphere with just an awesome look. 
I also live around the neighborhood, so if you're looking for something tucked back and behind South Streets busy atmosphere, this is your place. OUTDOOR SEATING TOO!.The food is excellent. The beer selection is great. It's everything I want in a great Philadelphia gastropub right off south street.Tapestry likely gets its name from the absurd amount of 'taps' available for your beer drinkin' pleasure. Not only that, their menu is very 'tap'as-centric - so a well-fitting name.
The menu was pleasantly brief, and although it's not very vegetarian-friendly, Tapestry is indeed for "Beer Booze & Bites." I'm not trying to get dinner there, just nibble on something while I sip a cocktail and the hubs gets a beer. But Tapestry, I was disappointed in the cocktails. I'd understood they were to be well crafted, but it was a frank disappointment. Beer - great - but booze ...
I was surprised that with the revamp of the site from Adsum to Tapestry that little had changed in the interior - the lights still a bit too bright, and all the windows completely unobscured from most angles - which is nice on some days, but on others produces the uncomfortable fishbowl effect. 
I'll probably be back again, but probably not soon. Likely when I take advantage of their great tap list, but no cocktails, likely. Beer is the star of the show here  (I think I heard 120+ beers), and the 'bites' are good, with large 'small plates' and the 'plates' I saw were definitely good entree size. I'd say the place would be great for groups and a relaxed evening.Like the other yelper on here said, Tapestry leaves much more to be desired. 
The ambiance is nice and cozy and neighborly with a vintage, but not overly macabre feeling. Tapestry is small, but has enough room to house the patrons that visit.
The beer selection on the wall looked great.
The cocktail list was... old fashioned, but some interesting twists. 
The domestic and imported cheeses were interesting, though we didn't order of inquire about it more.
The food was dismal. I was not impressed. The husband regretted his dinner and we both regretted the dessert, which was uninspiring, burnt and borderline mediocre.
Service was nice and friendly, but lacking and slow. I really just wanted to get out of Tapestry and get on with the rest of my evening, but apparently they want you to stay and never leave. 
Sadly, if I am ever back in Philadelphia, I'm going to have to pass on by Tapestry.
This would be a good places for drinks and Tapas, but just forget dinner and dessert.My spouse and I had a great, leisurely meal here tonight while enjoying the Flyers playoff win.  The beer list is very good, although I wish they had a few more wheat beers on tap. 
We started with the octopus/arugula salad.  It was phenomenal.   I've had some very chewy octopus at some of the best restaurants in the city, but this octopus was perfectly prepared and paired perfectly with the arugula/chickpeas/capers.  Best salad I've had in quite a while.
Next, we shared the pasta-neck clams, which are slightly smaller than littlenecks.   They were also quite good.  We ordered the red sauce with chorizo.  They don't go light on the pepper flakes/chorizo/garlic, so they had quite a kick.   if you don't like spicy, you might want to avoid this dish, but for someone who does like a kick, they were great.
Finally, we split a pizza, which was also fantastic.   Great crust, an plenty of interesting toppings to choose from.   Overall, a great meal and can't wait to try it again.