Food was authentic and delicious. The guac was freshly made and a portion large enough for 3. Take out packaging kept our food hot until we arrived at the hotel 20 minutes later.  I would definitely go back.The viral sensation Taqueria Morales has a pretty damn good burrito. As mentioned I ordered a burrito! The spicy salmon burrito to be exact. The salmon is even cooked paired with rice, avocado, jalapeño peppers(spice), spinach & onions and all together it makes a pretty good burrito with some kick. Come try Taqueria Morales you'll be in for a treat.We live a block away, and has no idea this gem was there! Everything was super fresh, great portions (especially the guac) and loved the gluten free homemade tortillas. Will definitely make this a regular takeout option. Thank you!Some of the absolute best, most authentic, reasonably priced Mexican food in the city. 
I highly recommend the chorizo tortas. Also can't go wrong with any of the sopes!Got a delivery of tacos al pastor, guacamole, and chips. Everything was fresh, delicious, and brightly flavored. Definitely recommend for your taco fix!I was craving Mexican food and luckly I found Taqueria Morales! I really enjoyed their chicken quesadilla, which was loaded with chicken and cheese. Their chips and beans were also great. Delivery was very fast and I look forward to ordering again.Ordered the steak tacos for pickup. The tacos were bigger than I was expecting but that's not a bad thing. The house made tortillas are delicious and the flavor of the steak along with the cactus and salsas were amazing. Highly recommend!!This food was so good. I was in the neighborhood and was lookin on Yelp and came across this little store. That burrito I had was so delicious.Saw this place on twitter and youtube and made it my next go to spot. It isn't far from me which is also great. I was greeted by the owners who were nice and sat us down quickly. We were also given chips with refried beans. Now lets talk about the food. I got the spicy salmon burrito which is a big hit here. At around 6:30pm they only had 2 more left! And let me tell you this was a very good burrito!! One if my favorites honestly. For the price I was happy and I'll definitely return here.Stopped in for brunch today and Had a great meal. The restaurant is bright and clean and you feel very welcome as soon as you walk in the door. The food was delicious,generous portions and the prIces were great .  What a nice addition to the Newbold neighborhood I hope everyone will give this family restaurant a try.It almost feels dangerous that this place is so close to my apartment--their tacos were so good that I feel like I'm going to be there an awful lot. Fresh, amazing  tortillas, tender meat, bright, fresh vegetables. I got the carnitas tacos and highly recommend them, although I feel like anything here is going to be worth trying!Restaurant is super cozy and the tacos were yummy. I really enjoyed the complimentary chips and salsa. I had the watermelon water which was fabulous, especially on this humid day. Tacos were good - the carnitas were good!My new favorite Mexican spot! Everything we ordered was divinely delicious and fresh! Best guacamole I've had...quite possibly ever! You don't get an overwhelming amount, but it's reasonably priced for its quality. Steak quesadilla wasn't in the style I'm traditionally used to, but it was probably all the more authentic and definitely hit the spot. My el pastor burrito was amazing as well. Can't wait to order takeout again and looking forward to when we can dine in again!I was super pumped when this Mexican spot opened up in my neighborhood. I lived in San Diego for a couple years so I am super picky about my tacos. This is hands down the best  Mexican food I've had since I moved home. Not many places in philly offer rolled tacos and they are absolutely amazing here. You can't beat the price either. This place is bound to blow up.I LOVE this place. I got the bistec and it was so good. Amazing guac. And the flan was really tasty too. One of the best Mexican food places in phillySaw about this place on twitter and decided to check it out. I came here for breakfast with my friend and we got huevos con chorizo and huevos a la mexicana and both dishes were delicious, seasoned well, and it was a good portion. The salsas had well seasoned and tasty. The tortillas are handmade and soooo delicious. Will be back and 10/10 recommend.Now when you find a good authentic Mexican restaurant you have to give them their accolades! Man this restaurant is the best! Every time I've been there it's been nothing but amazing service and amazing food! Definitely come check out this restaurant if you're in the mood for good foodSaw this restaurant via Twitter and had to go! The inside is small but cozy. All first time customers that dine in get a free drink. The staff was very very nice and the food was unbelievable. We were given home made tortilla chips with refried beans and cheese on top with two salsas (both amazing). The steak was well seasoned and the pico was so fresh. The chicken tacos were also amazing. 10/10 HIGHLY RECOMMEND!Got the creamy enchiladas suizas for pick up and beans/rice on the side. The pick up process was easy and the food was ready on time. Of the Mexican spots in the area, the prices here seemed quite reasonable, so I figured I'd try it out!
The green sauce on the enchiladas was pretty spicy, and the cheese inside/ beef was a unique take on it. It seemed more like a deconstructed enchilada where they added beef on top, but since I ate it with a fork anyway, it was easy to make each bite just how I wanted. The rice and beans were simple, small portions- not much flavor to each, but they added some good texture to the meal in general. Good portion of the main dish for the price, even in a pick up container. Really liked the corn tortillas- they were nice and soft, warm. Looking forward to trying the tacos as well.I ordered three different kinds of blue masa tamales for Christmas Eve. I ordered the through its Instagram account. My order was ready when I got there. Super nice lady who remembers me from last visit.
All tamales are delicious, perfect firmness of the masa, generous fillings.We ordered delivery based on reviews and it did not disappoint. Burritos had a ton of flavor. Green and red salsa both had a nice kick.The best and most authentic birria and consume I've been able to find in Philly so far!These tacos were so good! I got 3 al pastor and my brother got 3 lengua (beef tongue). On the side of your plate of tacos they put radishes or nopales (depending on what you order). The tacos had a lot of meat & it came with a side of tortilla chips with refried beans & cheese. The tortillas are hand made which is a good sign of a good taco! The horchata was also good! It's a cute little place & the girl that took and brought out our order was really nice. If I wasn't from out of town this would definitely be one of my go to places for tacos!We ate there (outdoor seating), we had the fish, birria, lengua, and grilled chicken tacos--ALL really good. They also gave nacho chips and salsa --the chips were good and obvious that they were handmade. We also had horchata which was really good. The tortillas for the tacos were handmade which is was sooooo nice! We will definitely be returning and/or ordering takeout or delivery--they are also BYOB which is great! 
Mil gracias por la comida rica y fresca!!!Delicious birria tacos! I've also had the birria quesadilla and it was also very yummy, but I prefer the birria tacos, add cheese. Sometimes the meat is a little too fatty, but it's usually perfect.Ordered takeout for the first time tonight from this new neighborhood gem! My boyfriend and I got two orders of chips and guacamole, an order of steak tacos, and and order of al pastor tacos. One word--AMAZING. The food is so fresh and authentic. Portion sizes are plentiful. Love supporting small, hardworking, local businesses! Can't wait to try more of the menu.This place is amazing. Family owned and run and was a great surprise when they started setting up shop. The food is all simply delicious, affordable, and fresh. 
If you're able to order or get this delivered (covid) it is a must. And don't forget the tres leches when you order!This place is the real deal. Everything made fresh and with care. Beautiful homemade tortillas, carnitas tender and luscious, bright salsas, barbacoa on saturdays is exceptional - i could go on. The family who runs it are genuine, kind people. A gem.Due to COVID 19, the only way to enjoy food is through delivery. Fortunately this place offers delivery through the website. It's easy to navigate.
I called before placing my order because I have a question about the guacamole. The lady who picked up my phone is super friendly. I asked if it is spicy and she said it's mild. 
My order came as scheduled and the delivery person is very friendly and courteous.
As she described, it has some kick but doesn't make you have a runny nose. It's fresh with fresh chips. Even my husband who isn't a guacamole fan said it's delicious. Unfortunately I found the stem of avocado in it. Be careful eating it.
Burritos: carnitas and al pastor for my husband and father in law. They said they are good.
Side of cactus: it's fresh with some onion, I really enjoyed it, not too salty.
Tiramisu: to my surprise it's is pretty good. It's small and unfortunately couldn't maintain its form during transport.
Tres leches: very light sponge cake, not soupy with milk, not overly sweet. I taste some pineapple. 
Flan: not too sweet, perfect density.  Great dessert. 
All of the dessert isn't big.
The containers are environmentally friendly. It's always a plus to order from here. 
Definitely recommend this place.Damn. This place is good. Like it's too good. I feel bad for my normal Mexican go-to jawns bc they have now become obsolescent. 
Nothing too crazy or fancy on menu, but everything is elevated and well balanced. Carnitas is tender, without being oily. The tinga chicken is marinated with more of a dry spice than being soupy. The tortilla chips are fresh and don't taste like french fries. Burritos aren't packed with filler. I don't think I've ever eaten a torta and not felt like a bloated POS who made bad life choices... but this place didn't do that!
We ordered 3 times now, but I didn't take any pictures bc I wanted to eat it. Almost everything is between $8-$10, so you're not taking a big risk on ordering something. Maybe order two things if you're hesitant?
Once this quarantine is over I'm grabbing people to eat and have some fun times there. To the owners: maybe BYOB policy?Really delicious burrito, loved the texture and crunch from the spring mix and lightly fried salmon, amazing blend of flavors and a very in your face spice level, coming from the roasted peppers as well as other flavors. 
Honestly I can't wait to try some other items from here, really excited to see what else they have going on.
:)Tamales only available for weekends. It's ok, I expected more fillings.
Mole enchiladas is so good. Chicken is very tender. Tortilla is fresh and soft, melts together with the chicken. Flavor is on point. Not too spicy. Very authentic.
Staff is very friendly and welcoming.Amazing food and service was great i would highly recommend if you are looking for authentic Mexican food! Will be back!Great restaurant !!! Service and food are spectacular. Highly recommend this place.  You must try the Birria tacos !!I have found a new go to Mexican place! I've craved Mexican food throughout the pandemic and have tried a bunch of places. Nothing really hit the mark until I tried Taqueria Morales. Chicken tinga quesadillas are delicious with homemade corn tortillas that are crispy on the outside and stuffed with delicious chicken and cheese on the inside. The shrimp burrito was so good and full of shrimp. I think I had a dozen shrimp in my burrito with fantastic rice and beans. Their salsas are the best part and they even converted me to love the green salsa. I usually prefer the red, but the green salsa is so good here.This place is awesome. This is a rough and hard time to be a small, newer restaurant off the beaten path in South Philly but I heard this place was not to miss so we tried tonight. I got a carnitas burrito and the bf got steak quesadillas and we got guac. All were fresh, large portions, and clearly made with love. In the time of COVID-19, we should be trying to support our local restaurants-and this one should be on your list.This neighborhood gem fulfilled my taste for flavorful shrimp fajitas with onions, peppers, vegetarian beans, rice and fresh guacamole along with red and green salsa. My take out was fresh in sustainable packaging. My daughter is looking to try the chicken tacos in which there are two kinds: grilled and Tinga.This place is one of my new favorites! Amazing food, generous portions, and really affordable prices. You can tell that the dishes are made with a family-run passion. 
Boyfriend got the chicken tinga tortas and said they were "refreshing," I got the quesadilla de hongas and they were super flavorful and filling. He had to help me finish them. Highly recommended! We will be back.The food was good and on time. I appreciate that it was no contact delivery. The chips and guacamole were great. You could tell the chips are fried in house and the guacamole is made fresh as well. The tacos were good definitely delicious and perfect for ordering out. The chicken tacos tasted fresh and made in house. I will definitely be ordering from this place in the future.Very nice and friend family owned restaurant. Stopped by for takeout during lunch, ordered al pastor and birria tacos. Both were really delicious and stuffed with meat. I definitely recommend if you're in the area.just bought a house in the neighborhood after 5+ years in the mexican mecca of philly (12th and washington area) and the only sad part about moving was not having any great mexican restaurants that were as close as before!
when i saw the sign go up for taqueria morales i was so so so excited and the food does not disappoint! i have been here 3 times already, once for dine-in and twice for takeout. so far i've tried the huarache, mushroom quesadillas, huitlecoche quesadillas, tamales, sopes, guacamole & chips, shrimp burrito, & tacos dorados (yes i know it's a lot but i shared with my fiance :)). everything was so delicious, but the sopes were my favorite so far! the tortillas & guac are homemade and so fresh.
the only negative is that it's only 2 blocks from my house and now i want to eat there every single day and all my groceries are going bad because i don't want to cook food anymore, i only want to eat at taqueria morales. they even use biodegradable take-out materials so i don't have to feel bad about getting takeout every night.
don't sleep on this neighborhood gem!My Wife and I have been here 3 times and each time they are consistent! I've lived in SoCal for 7 years and Wifey is from there. They are the MOST authentic when it comes to taste in the Philly area! It's a must try!!  Going to back today!This place is so good. Moved to Philly from Seattle where cheap, delicious Mexican food abounds and was having such a hard time finding something similar in south Philly.  Look no further -- this place is IT. We've had the enchiladas, burrito, tacos, quesadilla... all delicious. I could probably eat a whole plate just of the rice and beans tbh.Ordered to go. We had burritos, quesadillas and tacos. Everything was fantastic. Salsas were on point. Don't sleep on the horchata!!FINALLY an authentic Mexican restaurant in our little south philly neighborhood. I've been passing by for weeks waiting for the opening & I am definitely not disappointed, the food has such good flavors and the perfect amount of spice. I can definitely see this place being my new go to, goodbye chipotle!Very good carnitas tacos! Placed order kind of close to closing and they still knocked it out of the park. 
Parking would have been difficult as we were in a full size pick up but no worries, they saw us pull up and ran our food out to us! 
Will be back for sure!Decided to go for another round of delivery and was craving Mexican HARD. Unfortunately, both of my usual places were unavailable, so after looking at the reviews for this place, I took the plunge. The food was delicious and I will be adding Taqueria Morales to the lineup from now on.
My order consisted of enchiladas verdes with rice & beans, chips, salsa and guacamole, and a last-minute-but-definitely-worthy slice of tres leches cake.
I was pleasantly surprised by the quality and attention to detail. Each of my items was neatly packaged, no spills and generously filled as well (although I'm always greedy for more guac).
They made for tasty leftovers the next day. I know this is a small detail, but I appreciated how most of the takeout containers were recycle friendly. Great choice!I am so happy to have discovered this place on social media and finally getting the chance to visit! I love the decor and you know I love a good chalkboard menu! There is a printed menu but the specials are on the wall, so it's helpful to look at it.
I always judge a taqueria by their tacos al pastor, simple yet complex. I'm very excited that these tacos absolutely meet my expectations --maybe except that there's no physical pineapple in the taco but it absolutely makes up for it in every other way! The homemade tortillas make every bite exciting and the meat has a good char to it while still being moist. The salsas on the side are also exquisite!
I look forward to coming back and trying out more goodies. Here's a tip: absolutely indulge in the tres leches. You won't be disappointed!We ordered out for 4 people, just to try out a new place and support small restaurants.  This is a tiny place in south Philly and it was empty.  We ordered much too much, and I can safely say that it was mostly terrible.  The torta was dry and tasteless.  The Birria tacos were not the birria that I have had elsewhere, and it was just meat in a little sauce.  The beans were swimming in fat.  I love Mexican food, and I could not eat much of any of the 5 dishes we had.  But I can say that the chips were good, but this is hardly a recommendation.This place is a gem! I came here with friends for brunch and got the huevos with chorizo and it was affordable and delicious. Their house made tortillas are so fluffy and delicious and were the perfect vehicle for the eggs. We ended up hanging out here for a while and they were so hospitable, talking with us and refilling our coffee on repeat. I will be back very soon, and often, to try out the rest of their menu items!BEST Birria tacos we've ever had. We got takeout and our order was perfect. Tons of great food!Cozy authentic Mexican restaurant i found off of a review on youtube food looked delicious on video so i had to try it myself and yes it was delicious! Very flavorful and it was definitely made with love! If your ever in south philadelphia please give them a try! I will be back!We got takeout tonight and it was some of the best Mexican food we have had in Philly. The guac was delicious and the fish tacos were HUGE and perfectly prepared. My husband also loved his al pastor huaraches.  Everything was packaged well and delivery was prompt and friendly.I first visited Taqueria Morales a few months back as me and my coworkers wanted Mexican food for lunch. We searched Google  for local Mexican restaurants in South Philly and we decided to give Taqueria Morales a try, what a great decision. We all tried different burritos in which the reviews amongst one another were all positive. I personally tried the Spicy Salmon burrito which was delicious. The Gauc and Chips here were pretty good also. Yesterday we revisited and I had a Pollo burrito which was also delicious and filling. I would certainly recommend this restaurant for anyone looking for an authentic Mexican restaurant to get a bite to eat. Friendly staff, attentive, and very helpful in making decision from a nice size menu.I saw, I herd all the recommendations on YouTube and social media about Taqueria Morales . I was on a vacation for the weekend in Philadelphia from NYC and I just had to see for myself. This place completely rocks !!! It's great to feel like I'm eating like I'm back at Mexico  (home). My meal was fresh and delicious. My entree was Costilla de Borrego. Environment was great , staff was great , I will be coming back to enjoy again . If your reading this post and your tummy is growling you know what to do go and enjoy Taqueria Morales. Have a great day everyone . Viva MexicoI ordered pretty close to closing time so I expected my order to be subpar, this is the 2nd time I've ordered from here. And I'm really shocked I don't order from here more often. I got the birria tacos -- they were delicious (this is coming from someone born in Mexico). I loved that they included a side of consumé with the order, it was well seasoned and warm. Their chips taste homemade, they're kind of warm and a little oily, I think they're so good. And their horchata is creamy and not overly sweet. I'm so full, they don't skimp on the meat of the tacosI ordered delivery through Grubhub. After I had two tacos, I found a hair in the taco shell of the third... I'm not sure if the shells are home made, if they are, then please be aware and ask the staff to wear hairnets or hats when making them. If not, please talk to your supplier.. it was a long hair too and the feeling of pulling it out of the taco shell was disgusting. The flavor of the tacos were just lackluster tooordered delivery on grubhub and mostly everything was quite bad.  
-NACHOS: Didn't have any melted cheese and very few beans, just crumbles of cotija and a lot of lettuce on top - these were pretty much inedible.
-CARNITAS: very, very fatty - instead of beautiful shredded pork I mostly had chunks of fat
-CHORIZO TACOS: these were decent
all in all - a waste of $40I had myself hyped for this place due to the reviews, boy was I disappointed.
Service/decor: the service was friendly and very quick probably because no one else was inside when we arrived. The place is on the run down side which is fine but it does need a good clean.
Food: well nothing was a hit. The chips and salsa were below average. The tacos (we tried multiple kinds) were bland and the tortilla itself was one of the worst I have had. I love some authentic Mexican and this place had those vibes but overall was a dud.I like everything about this restaurant! You are greeted by a helpful, friendly and personable staff. I'm sure they were the owners/family. The restaurant is extremely clean and nicely but not overly decorated with bright colors and traditional Mexican tapestry. Very inviting scenery with plenty of seats but during Covid they are limiting how many patrons can dine in. My order was to go and 7 miles later it was still warm ready to serve.
When it comes to Mexican food I pretty much like everything so there are no favorites that I can measure my burrito with. However this chicken burrito was the most flavorful and delicious items I've had so far this year. Enough to ensure I will return soon.