We ventured here during our week of all Mexican food. We didn't plan it as such, but we can't get enough of fresh ingredients and simple eating. 
This place is a true gem. Meal started with some free chips and salsa. The salsa verde was tangy and packed some heat to it; so good. The original salsa was a bit on the "canned tomatoes" taste though.
We each got three tacos: grilled steak, al pastor, and chorizo. They were served on double corn tortillas (soft and delicate). The steak and al pastor were a bit on the dry side, but I will give them the benefit of the doubt that on another day it would be real moist. The chorizo was spot on. I didn't see tongue or any of the crazy parts on the menu, but I will try to ask them next time. Remember that these are served with just raw onions and cilantro. Nothing fancy, just tortilla, meat, and 2 toppings.
I am not a fan of the horchata though! It just wasn't for me. Too chalky and spicy, in the sense of spices like cinnamon.
Will be back, probably tomorrow :)Ok I am way obsessed with their jalapeno carne asada platter - I forget the true name of this dish but look for jalapeno and steak on the menu. It beyond the most amazing thing ever.my favorite byob spot at the moment! came here twice already and i am in love with their tacos! most recent visit, we got the chorizo, al pastor, tinga, and the cow tongue tacos and they were all very good! though, i have the say the chorizo and al pastor were probably my favorite.  All the food came at the speed of lightening and they're all very meaty! we also got the Alambre, which is the diced steak with peppers and onion with cheese on top! it is super flavorful and really hit the spot! it will definitely be a staple choice for when i come to veracruzana!  
PS. making a reservation beforehand is highly recommended!Told them I had a food allergy, served me something that had wheat. They told me they didn't know, but that's their job. I got sick, and they wouldn't even comp what they gave me. Pretty inexcusable. Also, the food sucks.
All that aside, our waitress felt so bad she comped me with her own money. She was a sweetheart, it was the cook and the manager's fault.The standard by which the others (in philly not Cali) are judged. Just super solid Mexican food. All is as it should be.A variety of food was ordered for the office in honor of first Friday lunch. The absolute highlight, the whole reason I am writing this review, is to shine spotlight on the Cuban chicken sandwich. Just imagine a thin crispy breaded cutlet on Cuban bread topped with cheese, avocado, jalapeño, lettuce, tomato, onion and mayo pressed to perfection. Not at all what I was expecting from a Mexican themed lunch but beyond pleased that I snatched one of these up before they were gone. I will make a point to eat here again!Good and cheap eats, must try the red sauce enchiladas best I have had  in the city very traditional, clean and home made! Their flautas which are rolled fried little taquitos are like crack! Also the burritos delicious and huge!I love it here. It'd be hard to find a better place in the city. Three tacos for 6 bux. Mix and match if you wish.  Tacos al pastor (pineapple-y pork) are great. Steak, too. And try the stuffed (with cheese) jalepeno taco. Lots of meat on 2 corn tortillas. What a deal. 
Take out or eat in.Great place for Mexican food! Authentic, cheap, and generous portions. I've had their burritos, fajitas, and tacos. The guacamole is incredible!Authentic Mexican food this is one of my favorites, I've ordered many dishes been pleased every time, they also make a mean breakfast, great serviceLiving just down the street from the Italian Market in South Philly, we discovered this little taqueria and have been so happy with it. Although the parking situation is a little sketchy (we actually park at the CVS and walk from there and have never had a problem with it!) but that's the only downside. 
Walk in, find a table on your own and a waitress will come soon with two salsas (red and green- both spicy) and thick, slightly greasy, crispy homemade tortillas. Careful though- they bring your drinks after the chips, so you might have a tongue-on-fire episode- you've been warned! 
We always get the 3 tacos for $6.95- grilled steak, chorizo, and pork & pineapple are all my favorites, but lately, to avoid the grease, I've just been getting the grilled steak. They all come with cilantro & lime. The guacamole is great and the burritos are filling (a little too much lettuce and cheese though). 
If you want something to drink that will quench the fire, go for the carrot and orange juice mix- delicioso! If you need beer instead, there's a little store two doors down that sells six-packs (how convenient!) and don't worry about a bottle opener- there's one on the wall of the taqueria!   
Tip: The tip is cash-only, so keep that in mind for the great service!
One day I'll go here for breakfast because the menu boasts some tasty sounding dishes...Try their Verdes  Chicken Enchilada's or their Jalapeno Stuffed Tacos, delicious!!! 
Urban food tours go here for a reason, some of the best taco's you'll eat!! And they are super affordable!  Their salsa's and tortas are delicious too.
Tips: Their Quesadillas are not what we think they are. Their Quesadilla's are dressed up taco's with all the fixings.  Which are still delicious. Their guac isn't bad. It's not the best. And I wasn't a fan of their burrito's but everything else I've had there is delicious especially their tacos!!I got the mushroom quesadilla and it was not what I expected, but that could be because I associate a quesadilla with the American version as opposed to the authentic version. I like the tortilla chips and they make an awesome horchata. It's a hole in the wall kind of spot - cool artwork on the walls, but everything else kind of made me dizzy (fan against light and hanging spinning decor) lol. Waitress was nice.Great mexican spot in Italian market district. The salsa verde was straight baller - so good and spicy. 
Ordered a bunch of tacos - pretty legit Mexican street tacos. Also ordered a Sope which was delicious. Washed it all down with some Horchata. Plus they were pumping the A/C during the summer, so can't complain.
BYOB - so don't forget to bring some beer or tequila.I went there with two friends, one of whom has a pretty severe gluten allergy. She informed the waitress, yet there was soy sauce in the fajita dish. After my friend became sick, nobody seemed to care at all, and the manager refused to refund the meal because my other friend shared it. Also, the food was just generally bad. I don't know why this place has such good reviews. Bad vibes.I love this spot. Used to come in here weekly when I worked near the Italian Market. 
I'm a fan of the tacos al pastor - three tasty tacos for $7! That's great!
Service is always friendly. This is one of my "go-to" spots.High hopes, high hopes. I had heard amazing things about this place so on my recent trip to Philly I had to try some tacos. 
1 chicken: Dry, boring.
1 carnitas: tender and moist, but lacking flavor. 
1 al pastor: Dry, boring. 
I tried my companion's enchiladas, in a smokey red sauce, and they were pretty good, but being that we were at a taqueria I really expected more from the tacos. The tortilleria near where I live offers up flavor sensations for the same price, and I don't need to go to Philly. 
They get major points for having excellent tortilla chips and two salsas (A cilantro/tomatillo based green sauce and a rich chipotle concoction). I am so tired of the watery shit I usually get.Looking for a cheap taco place in Philly, so I Yelped it....this place looked promising.  This is a modest, casual place located right near a bunch of fish and produce markets, and in fact adjacent to a huge Mexican grocery store.  Nice vibe in this neighborhood, a lot of hustle and bustle.    
My friend and I had a weekday lunch there.  There are about 8-10 tables in the dining room, and a prominent takeout counter.  The dining room was clean, sparse, very welcoming.  Actually surprisingly so, from the outside you might expect just a tiny little takeout joint.
We had a huevos rancheros and a pork/pineapple burrito.  Each was fresh, sizable, and delicious.  My eggs came doused in a big portion of spicy red (poblano?) sauce which at a glance looked like way too much sauce, but turned out to be perfectly portioned (and spiiiicy!)  They were served with refried beans and scrumptious complimentary chips with green and red salsa.  I also had a great coffee which was some sort of cinnamon brew, apparently the house blend.  Did not catch the name of it but I am glad I tried it, it was a nice complement.
The pork burrito was big, but expertly made such that the contents never burst out, even toward the burrito's butt-end.  It was delish but too much for my friend to handle, he killed about 3/4 of it.
The best part of the meal was the price----all the above-listed food for a total of $14.50 plus tip.
A very tasty and filling Mexican meal that's also a great bargain ... I will definitely come back to Veracruzana.Being from San Diego, CA, I have high standards for Mexican cuisine.  Let me cut to the chase: Taqueria Veracruzana easily met these standards.  I ordered the Al Pastor burrito per the waiter's recommendation and my decision was further validated by a fellow customer who said that is his go-to order.  The first thing that impressed me was the immense size of the burrito, all for the reasonable price of $7.  The ingredients inside blended beautifully together, with the highlight being the wonderfully cooked and seasoned pork.  I am so glad Taqueria Veracruzana exists, as it will help me combat homesickness while I live in Philly.After walking through the Italian Market and being super disappointed that all of the food there looked rather mediocre, I was happy to see Taqueria Veracruzana on Washington. 
I had remembered finding it on Yelp when looking for good Mexican food in the city that is reasonably priced, and decided to get a late lunch here. 
The menu is pretty extensive, and I wish I had come at a time when I was prepared to eat a full meal so I could sample several dishes. 
Instead, I split a dish of enchiladas de mole with an extra side of rice and beans. I was kind of disappointed that the mole was a mole verde, since I ordered it expecting a mole poblano. Had I known this was the case, I definitely would've ordered something else. 
But, the meal was pretty tasty, and was very affordable, too. It was under $15 including tip for what we shared. The price of Mexican food has definitely gone up at many restaurants, but the prices here are right.
While we were waiting for our food, a duo of two guys playing guitar and accordion and singing in harmony came in to perform.Good Mexican Food.  Solid and at the right price.
I am picky about my Mexican food and this place does it right.
I think the tacos are 3 for $6.00.  Do yourself a favor and get one of each.Campechano burrito was flavorless, maybe because the rice was flavorless and must of the burrito is just rice. Chicken enchilada did not come with the mole sauce that I ordered. Chicken was very dry inside. Horchata was a little too sweet but still refreshing and fresh. Best part of the meal was the salsa and refried beans.Best burritos in the city. Trust me. From center city, to south philly to northern liberties these are 100% the most flavorful, fresh, and delicious burritos. The prices are great. A bonus that you can order delivery on PostMates, and you may want to: the interior of the restaurant is old with bright lights..totally unappealing. But the food is great so don't let that stop you. BYOB.Great good and amazing prices. Potion sizes are very large. I highly recommend the mixed fujitas or chorizqueso.Went back 2nd time to give it another try since I did not have a good experience 1st time. Surprisingly great food this time - is that coz I did take out 1st time but dining in 2nd time? We ordered shrimp taco, fish taco and enchiladas... All done right this time. Glad I went back and defi will revisit sometime soon!  I also like how affordable this place is!!I've been coming here for years.  The salsa, chips and burritos are addicting, I crave them.  I've honestly not tried many other dishes because I can't seem to order anything but a burrito.  These burritos are HUGE.  I think there is American cheese in them, which is odd but totally works.
Service can be really slow some days and every once in a while you will get a waiter/waitress that has a hard time with English but they are nice and really try to figure out what you are asking for.I had a takeout order of al pastor tacos and churros, which happens to be fried in lard and costs $5. That alone won me over. Unfortunately, I found these spicy pork tacos very bland and found myself dousing it in the green and red salsas. I don't know what was with the tortillas, but I really enjoyed them. The churros were as expected: crunchy on the outside and soft on the inside. The chocolate sauce was just fantastic. Perhaps I'll come back and try something else, but I found the food overall underwhelming.Came here on a Wednesday night, I got the mushroom quesadillas which were very good, only criticism would be the cheese was not fully melted and for a quesadilla that was what I expected. My friend ordered the enchiladas suizas which were very good, highly recommend. The service was fast, the staff helpful and very accommodating to vegetarians. The food for the price is great! Will come by here again.Another great Mexican restaurant in South Philly. This place is located right next to the Italian Market on Washington Ave. The interior of the restaurant is very colorful and vibrant, making you feel like you're actually south of the border. They have complimentary chips and salsa. The salsa verde definitely has some bite to it so be prepared. They have a pretty extensive menu but I'll keep it short and sweet and tell you to order the Choriqueso. It was really well seasoned strips of steak with chorizo, peppers, onions and cactus mixed in and covered in cheese. It came with a side of rice and beans, as well as flour tortillas, which I used to craft my own tacos. Everything tasted so good and was definitely worth it for the portion you receive. I'm not sure that there is too much about this place that makes it stand out from other mainstays in the area (e.g. Prima Pizza, Blue Corn, etc) but I would absolutely still recommend Veracruzana to anyone looking to satisfy their fix for authentic Mexican. I know I will definitely be back to sample their other house specialties as well as their tacos, sopes and burritos.In 2005, Taqueria Veracruzana was not for vegetarians. The bean-based taco creation they made me (after they told me they didn't use lard, but in hindsight their English wasn't great) prompted explosive.... explusion... within 10 minutes of leaving the establishment. I was in the car when the stomach rumbles hit, stuck in traffic heading up Broad St., and it was one of the most physically uncomfortable moments in my life. Actually I've been carrying Alka-Seltzer on my person ever since. Not that it helps you find a toilet any faster, but it does help settle things down after a bad meal.The best authentic affordable Mexican food!   Everything here is good. I've been coming here over 10 years now and it stills good and reasonable price.  This place is byob and it can get crowded during dinner times.  If you haven't tried this place you are missing out big time. Put it in your bucket list.2nd time here and the place does not disappoint. I'm not positive of what is authentic but this tastes like it. The horchata is so tasty and light for a drink. All of the tacos are good and they have a variety. Good tort as too. Ambience is ok. Very small but sufficient. I will come backEvery so often I get a craving for Mexican and this is my go-to place.  This place offers decent Mexican at a fair price.  I've ordered delivery from here many times and have enjoyed their campechano and al pastor tacos.  Their chips and guacamole are excellent.  Delivery time is variable but usually pretty prompt.Zero ambience but the best tacos al pastor in the city.  
In order to avoid service problems:  Smile at your waitress as soon as you sit down.  And order what you need right from the start- refills of anything can be difficult to secure.  Even the check.  
Bring Your Own Beer!I loved the veggie burrito! Decent sized menu, nice staff, and it's great that they're open on the later side.  BYOB, delicious free chips & salsa, and wallet friendly. I'm looking forward to my next visit.I started going here back in like 2008 when I lived down S. Philly and I still go there Now they have the best quesadillas it's always pleasant every time I go not a place you'll regretIn the battle of South Philly Taqueria's, this is one of the more disappointing ones. I personally laugh at the idea of getting "authentic" Mexican in Philadelphia. The only place to get authentic Mexican is...gasp!...Mexico! And I've always said if something is good, who cares about authenticity. However, having said that: American cheese, Taqueria la Veracruzana?! Really?? That is barely meeting the legal definition of "cheese ." You're right smack in the middle of the Italian market. You can't shell out for a better quality of cheese? And maybe this is silly, but I've always felt if the servers at a taqueria don't even have accents, I might as well be at Taco Bell. A language barrier is part of the fun of a taqueria.
Now to be fair, the food is as good as Mexican usually is. But nothing really sets it apart from the rest of the Italian Market Taco Strip, except for the service. It's not the customer's fault that these girls hate their jobs. You've got to wave your arms, jump up and down, or set yourself on fire to get some attention. If I didn't force the issue of ordering and paying, I'd still be there right now, waiting.
So all in all, the food is good, but I can't get past the stench of fraudulence.Absolutely delicioso! Authentic Mexican dine in or delivery, cheap and first on my list when I'm hungry for a burrito...they are the size of a footlong Ameroso! How can you not?This place is amazing:, cheap and delicious!  We came here for brunch and we loved all of the scrambled eggs dishes.  The scrambled eggs was topped with melted cheese, crema, fried poblano peppers and onions. Totally delicious! We discovered totopos (small fried flauta/tortilla chip rolled up and stuffed with cheese).  Their Guacamole was yummy.. We also got their chicken salsa verde Enchiladas which was great as well. I can't wait to come back and try their burritos.Born and raised in California. East coast Mexican food I refuse to eat (and doesn't matter if Mexicans work there). I always get disappointed when people tell me try this place or that place. For east coast it's good, but if this was in California it'd be a 1 star. Decent enough to eat when I really really really want a taco.I've been here on a couple of occasions and I am looking forward to the next trip I can make. I've tried a couple of different dishes, and am anxious to try more! I'd recommend this place to almost anyone who wants a more adventurous mexican experience than the usual.I've walked by this place more times than I can count...and now that I've tried their food, I'm sorry I waited so long to check it out.  
The ambiance isn't stellar, but the food is.  I had takeout...tacos al pastor and chips with guacamole.  The food is reminiscent of what I had when I was off the beaten path traveling in Mexico...and the prices are excellent for what you get.
If you want Americanized Mexican food, walk on by.  If you want authentic Mexican food, check out Taqueria Veracruzana.Another stellar, authentic taqueria at Philadelphia's Italian-but-really-now-an-even-cooler-mix -of-Asian-Italian-Mexican-and-Guatemalan Market.
Service is friendly and prompt. You won't wait long until you are served a heaping bowl of homemade chips with two salsas, including a delicious salsa verde.
Menu is - more or less - authentic Mexican with some TexMex, like giant burritos, thrown in for good measure. I had the chicken burrito, which was gigantic -- well, all the items on the menu are gigantic -- and filled with fresh avocado, rice, white cheese, high-quality chicken, salsa and refried beans. Could barely finish it. My sister and her husband were very pleased with their enchiladas verdes, while my mom also loved her quesadillas, which were served in a unique style -- sort of lightly friend tortillas wrapped around huge portions of quesadilla filling. 
Prices are outstanding for a full-service restaurant with most of the aforementioned items coming in at about $7ish.A nice casual sit down Mexican spot in the Italian market. They include complimentary chips with salsas that both have a spicy kick to them. The menu is extensive, with tacos, burritos, quesadillas, tortas, entrees, and more. There's even a breakfast menu centered around eggs that is served in the mornings. I got the choriqueso, an entree with steak, chorizo, cactus, and some peppers all stir fried together and topped with cheese. It was served with rice, retried beans, and tortillas. The flavors were amazing, especially with the chorizo contributing a salty and spicy kick. Definitely recommend trying this place!I love mexican food and have tried the best of the best and this place is the best!
GUACAMOLE!!!! Is all i have to say. Freshest tasting and the chips were to die for.  Everything else was just as perfect.
Staff was extremely friendly and accommodating. Oh and their bathrooms were really clean...(thats always a good thing :-)Awesome affordable BYOB Mexican meal. We had a group of 11 and the servers were very accommodating. Our entire party got burritos ($7 each) which were loaded with meat, avocado, rice, beans etc. None of us left hungry. Will absolutely come back.Delicious!  Delectable!  Yum, yum, yum!   While the menu doesn't yield any exclusively vegetarian/vegan options, I've never went with a meat-eater and we've always left satiated and ecstatic!  That being said, I've never had any of their traditional items.  Each time we get their cactus sautéed in onions and oil, guacamole, refried beans and rice, corn tortillas, as well as their chips and two-salsa combo, and each time, it's more than enough to feed two, we're bringing extra home, and we love it!!!   If you haven't tried cactus, I'd highly recommend it.  It tastes a bit like pepper with a zest of its own.  Enjoy!!!This is my go-to place for Mexican food. The place is really amazing for dine-in (includes chips with two fresh and spicy salsas) or delivery (15-20 minutes within one mile radius of this place). I always get the Al Pastor filling for my burritos or quesadillas, although their carnitas tastes great too. The portions are huge, so if you're hungry a plate of tacos or a burrito will definitely fill you up. The only downside is that the service at the actual restaurant is a bit slow, but there's only 2 servers there at the most. Luckily, the place is small enough where you can get their attention easily. And you can never say no to their flan, which is light and fluffy.Every time I come into this place and see people getting the tacos and burritos and going out of their minds over how great/bad they are, I can't help but softly whisper "suckerrrrrs!!". Don't get me wrong, they're OK, but what you should be eating here are the main entrees, like the alambre, steak with cactus, shrimp in tequila sauce, seafood stew... they will truly rock your tastebuds. They're a little more expensive, but two people could share one of those alone, I make two meals out of them. I used to go to Morning Glory and Sabrina's for breakfast, but when the lines grew too long, I turned to Taqueria Veracruzana and discovered awesomeness. The breakfast items are all in the $6 or $7 range and includes free chips, salsa, and warm tortillas. My personal fav is the huevos pobalnos- a medley of poblano peppers, onion, and fresh corn topped with eggs and cream and oxaca cheese with a creamy tomato sauce drizzled all over it. There's so much food, I usually only need to eat one more meal, much, much later in the day. I've been going there for about two years now and have resisted spreading the word about them.. but I don't want them to go out of business. People, don't get the burritos and tacos, they're not nearly as good as everything else. You won't regret it. NOTE: This is not "el vez" or some other scene/hipster place, it is not romantic or pretentious, also be prepared, there are, *gasp* dare I say it, real live Hispanics who frequent the joint. There are some waitresses who speak English better than others, but you can leave your Spanish-English dictionaries at home, they can all take your order. This may not be the place for you if are uncomfortable with people who speak languages other than English.From the outside this place appears to be a large grimy taco and burrito shack.  But when you walk inside, the restaurant is only about 1/3 of the building, and is actually decent inside.  Nothing fancy, but it is clean, has plenty of room, and they have "really cute" mosaic tables.
After ordering a pork and veggie burrito to go, they said it would be about 10 minutes so we grabbed a seat and watched the world cup final for a bit (they have a TV in the front corner of the restaurant).
While waiting the waitress brought some sort of seafood dish to the guy at the table next too us, and it looked amazing.  Once I saw it, I had one of those moments where I wanted to cancel my order and just say "I want that" and point at the lucky guy's plate.
The burritos were not what I was expecting.  The pork burrito had refried beans, rice, pork, and cheese (i think it was white american cheese)  but also had lettuce, avocado, and tomatoes. The veggie burrito was the exact same minus the pork.  
Both burritos were huge, so we got two meals out of them, I actually liked them better cold, because with the lettuce and tomatoes they reminded me of giant sandwich wrap, more than a burrito.
For a great burrito, I would suggest going somewhere else, but I would suggest coming here from some delicious looking Mexican dishes, I am looking forward to going back and trying more of their offerings.I've had everything on the menu and never have I had one bad word to utter.  Absolutely love this place.  Great staff and big bonus? It's a BYOB with a liquor store a couple doors down.  If you want authentic Mexcian food at a reasonable price, skip the chain restaurants and take a journey to this gem.Tried the mixed taco plate. Chorizo, Carnitas, and chicken. The chicken was pretty good but the chorizo and the carnitas were absolutely amazing. Also loved the complementary chips and salsa. Will definitely return whenever I'm back in the Philly area.this place is the mad note. my favorite mexican eatery ever.Only ate here once and it didn't blow my mind but I wasn't disappointed. I was glad to watch Dora the Explorer while I waited for my food.Well...you might miss this place going past Washington Ave but I read the reviews looking for authentic Mexican food and decided it was worth a try. I got the 3 taco combo which is sooo affordable and had the pastor, steak and chorizo. My husband had this big mishmosh of a platter which was only 15 bucks of beef, chicken, shrimp with peppers with fresh tortillas. Very flavorful and the corn tortillas were great. The chips and salsa were plenty with their mole salsa and salsa verde. I would definitely go back because 1. it's affordable 2. it's good.- TIP:  Nachos are not on the menu, but they'll make them for you...and they are excellent.
- CON:  Service is inconsistent.
- BOTTOM LINE:  Out of 3 of the strongest BYOB Mexican places in the area/city (El Jarocho, Quetzally, Veracruzana), this one has the highest quality entrees and the most space for big groups.The best tacos in South Philly! Their sauce is delicious and made fresh daily! The tacos are 3 for $8 and you get a generous amount of vegetables with the tacos (cactus, scallion bulb, radish, lime). I usually get the bistec asado  (steak) and campechanos  (pork and steak) tacos. The Pollo  (chicken) steak is not as flavorful and tends to be dryer. Love the tacos here and the hours are even better! They open late night after most businesses are closed!Fantastic food!! We were all satisfied!! Churros were awesome with the chocolate dipping sauce!!... Will order again through UberEats!!A favorite, but they WILL NOT honor Restaurant.com certificates even though the website insists that they are required to even if they stop future offers.AY AY AY AY AY!
My love for Mexican food has been hard to sate since I left San Diego all those years ago. It's just hard to find an abundance of good Mexican food when it's so far away, but thankfully these immigrants have crashed landed into the Italian Market because they hit the spot so well, I barely feel the need to whip up a $400 round trip ticket to California just to eat right.
They're super friendly and the service has never been bad the handful of times I've eaten there. The Spanish soaps on TV never fail to entertain while you munch on delicious chips and damn good guac, awaiting what's guaranteed to be a splendid meal of flavors sure to make that butt assplode the next day.
The entrees are so yummy I find myself craving them at least once a week. The flank steak with the grilled jalapenos are amazing, the sides of Mexican rice [perfect!] and beans is just too much. The spices, the delicately cooked meat, it blends very, very well.
I've yet to try the burritos as I'm very, very particular to the ones I splurge on in Southern California and hate being disappointed, but perhaps one day I'll nut up and take the plunge.Great great great tacos!  I biked out here one day because I really wanted some authentic Mexican food and I actually read all the other Yelp reviews to find it.  I've been there twice now (only because it's kind of a trek).  When you first sit down, they bring you out a bowl of homemade chips and different types of salsa.  I prefer the red kind but I mix it with the green sometimes.  We ordered the chicken, beef and chorizo tacos and they were all really delicious and cheap.  The meat is a little on the fatty side but I say it's worth it if you're going once in a while.  They also put freshly cut raw onions on there with cilantro and they give you plenty of lime slices.  It's also BYO which is awesome.  I haven't tried their other menu items but there are definitely lots of other options.  I saw a big mix of people there--Latinos, typical grad students, families, etc.  The place wasn't packed but there was a constant flow of people for dinner.  I went back for lunch and there's outdoor seating in the back with not much of a view (it's not in the best part of Philly) but it was nice to eat outdoors in the spring.  I definitely can't wait to go try some more tacos again!Good value, fast delivery. Horatio J. is not a religious person but he highly rates the al pastor tacos. Paired with cold beer and guacamole and chips, the tacos really hit the spot.no atmosphere and service is so so but the carnitas tacos make it all worth it.  the guac and chips are really good too.  bring some modelos and you're set!This restaurant is amazing. I checked out the reviews before arriving and I was very excited because the pictures seemed promising - as a Mexican struggling to find Mexican food I deem a respectable quality in Philly, I had high hopes. It's a small restaurant with a loaded menu. Everything looked amazing - the menu is Spanish with English translations under everything. I was there for dinner so I went to the "platters" section. The waitress was wonderful, very attentive, and the service was fast - you get tortilla chips and DELICIOUS green and red salsas to start. I asked her what platter she preferred and went with her suggestion. I forgot I wanted an horchata and she added that to my order seamlessly, bringing it out maybe a minute after I requested it. The food came out quickly, too - steaming hot and SO GOOD. I got the arrachera plate - it was a hefty portion with tortillas, rice, beans, pico de gallo, jalapeños, and delicious cuts of beef. I felt like I was home. My friends also enjoyed their large burritos (7$ for a steak burrito!!) and tacos (such large tacos!!). The prices are ridiculously reasonable and the food is amazing. Definitely worth a visit. Oh, and it's BYO. Classic. I'll definitely be returning.After just one visit, I already put this on my list of favorite byob restaurants. The food was incredible and even more reasonably priced. Great place to eat with friends and large parties!this place is amazing! the fact that you can get 3 different tacos for 6 dollars and you get to watch telanovelas while eating them, makes it my new favorite place. the green salsa for the chips is spicy, but pretty darn good too.Campechano burrito was flavorless, maybe because the rice was flavorless and most of the burrito is just rice. Chicken enchilada did not come with the mole sauce that I ordered. Chicken was very dry inside. Best part of the meal was the salsa and refried beans.went here for cinco de mayo, the chips and salsa was amazing, their tacos are great! i didn't really enjoy my meal. it was the hawaiian something with ham. it tasted like chinese fried rice lol but next time i go, i'm just going to order every single taco on their menu cause it was pretty amazingggReally really good tacos right here in Philly. 
The carnitas was friggin' AWESOME.  Carne Asada left a little to be desired.  Free salsas that came with the chips were REALLY outstanding.  
After living in California for years I find it very difficult to locate Mexican food worth eating east of the Mississippi, but I have to admit - this place would kill it in California, it's that good.   I'll be back again and again.Went here for dinner on Friday to wind down after finals week... was not dissapointed. I got the 3 tacos for $6 (two grilled steak and one chicken) my friend got three pork and pineapples because "they are just so good." I had to agree with him after trying my own tacos. The grilled steak was somewhat bland, the chicken was better, but they didn't compare with the pork. Luckily he traded me one, to be nice.
The complementary chips and salsa were great, next time I would like to try the guacamole to add some more substance. I got a chocolate milkshake on a whim, but it was really more like chocolate milk... next time I'm going to get a Mexican coke. Because there will definitely be many more next times. Hooray.I don't know if they are authentic, but I do know that they have the best burritos and tres leches cake I have had thus far in this city, as well as the best salsa rojo and salsa verde i have ever had anywhere (including Mexico).I am rating this restaurant two stars not because the food itself was bad, per say.  Rather, what was in the food was not acceptable.
I appreciated the wealth of chips provided, and the service was certainly adequate for a small Mexican restaurant.  My order consisted of two Mexican Coca-Colas in the glass bottles and tacos al pastor.
The first soda arrived fine and was quite tasty (much better than American Coca-Cola).  The second soda, however, had a clearly visible label attached to the coke label.  It was a giant sticker hanging, no protruding, off the side of the bottle.  I don't know how the server didn't see it.  It was a label for an apple flavored drink, clearly not supposed to be there.  Whatever, I said.
Then the tacos al pastor arrived.  I actually quite enjoyed them, in particular the chunks of actual pineapple.  I find actual bits of pineapple to be missing in many tacos al pastor at different Mexican restaurants around the city.  I ate all three tacos.........  and then, literally on my last bite..... I found a giant twist-tie in the food -- just like the kind you bag your produce in the grocery store with, or close your loaf of bread.  The twist-tie was green, and I felt like I almost broke my tooth.
For these reasons of cleanliness and product presentation, next time I'll probably just go to Plaza Garibaldi across the street.  I've had no bad experiences there.$6 for three deliciously filling tacos.
I recommend the chorizo tacos. Yes they'll be dripping off oil like a slice of pizza, but it's worth it. I've had a couple of their other tacos (I think the steak and chicken) and they're a bit dry, especially compared to their chorizo ones.Had a craving for tacos last night while running errands and we found this place because they are open late night. I'm glad we found them! I love al pastor and their al pastor tacos were great--the tacos had great flavor and were very filling. The tacos come in threes, so I asked for one grilled steak taco, but they didn't inform me it would cost extra (helpful if they would've told me). The grilled steak was a bit more tough than I would've liked though. Their salsa verde was incredible--perfect amount of spiciness and tang. The horchata and flan were good too, as well as the service. My boyfriend also raved about their chips and salsa that come complimentary!I don't normally hate on businesses (2/3 of my reviews are 4-5 stars), but fcuk this place, seriously. I really want to like Veracruzana, as evidenced by coming back here three times after unsatisfying experiences.  
Went here a fourth and final time to wait nearly 30 mins (when it was well past rush hour) for a horrible "chicken" burrito that was basically a vegetarian burrito, with the same un-melted cheese slice and unsliced tomato like last time. Numerous (Latino) customers came after me and got served ahead of me.  I'll spend my money elsewhere.I popped in last night on a whim and let me tell you, I was delighted with my experience.
I have been living in this city for almost 7 years and surprisingly finding quality authentic Mexican food at a decent price has been a little bit of a challenge. This place made up for all my past struggles. 
First things first , this place is true hole in the wall but there is ample seating and the staff is very friendly. They also have a take out option which is cool. Once seated, you are served an order of chips, with two salsas, one being a verde salsa and a red. The verde was phenomenal, probably the best I have ever had, no joke. It has plenty of spice, which I love. It was also fresh and wasn't too thick or runny. 
I ordered the Tacos Al Pastor. The Tacos pork was wonderfully seasoned and the toppings were great, fresh cilantro, onions and pineapple slices.  For 6 bucks you get three but they are a great size. That and a Mexican Coke and I was pretty happy. My only gripe was they served me a few lemons instead of limes with my Tacos but I could live with it. The best thing was my entire bill was only 9 bucks! In this city that's epic.
I have to mention they do have a pretty extensive menu, so I'm looking forward to trying other fare.
I have to say this is probably my favorite Taco spot in the city.  Do yourself a favor and check this place out. If your looking for that no bull Taco shack that won't break your bank, this is the place!Amazing food at honest prices, the most friendly service I've seen in Philly. Try the green sauce enchiladas, they're amazing!!As a lover of all things burrito, this place is pretty rad. I've eaten here about 4 times total. The atmosphere inside isn't much to write about. It's clean enough, there's a television, tables and chairs....you get the picture. 
I always order the vegetarian burrito. They use a little too much rice for my liking, and the cheese is seemingly white american...but I can't say that I care too much. The rest of it is great....particularly the abundant use of avocado. That's really all I care about. 
Now that The Joint is no longer (r.i.p. best burrito in the universe) this is my second favorite burrito in Philly (after the Cantina's). 
I've also had the chips and guacamole. Pretty AOK by me!!I try to give a chance this place again bout food but still the worst mexican food ever I ate!! Mostly cuz they cook with everything come on "cans" too bad nice location and place!!Wow.  What a great burrito.  I had the grilled steak (bistec asada a la parilla) and it was delicious.  The meat was well done and flavored and it come with tomatoes, lettuce, onions, avocado, cheese, rice & refried beans.  The best part was the green sauce (tomatillo).  Very fresh and refreshing with the tortilla chips and the burrito.  I wish I found this years ago.