Ok.  I think I've given this place a fair trial, and I can confidently say, it's not worth going back.  The first time I went was about three months ago when I moved in right down the block.  I got a spicy chicken burrito.  I remembered it being sticky, and greasy inside.  I didn't go back for a long time.
Then, last night, I got a burrito hankerin.  So, what did I do?  I ordered from the closest, most convienient place around...El maguey.  
It took 30 minutes to arrive. For $12 (plus $3 tip), I got the spicy chicken burrito and chips and guacamole.  I don't know what else to say...but the burrito filling just absolutely tasted like vomit.  I couldn't eat it.  There was no distiction between the rice, the meat and the vegetables(?). It just all tasted like a ball of rancid meat.  The first time I bit into it there was some kind of crazy big bone inth middle of it all.  It certainly didn't taste like chicken.  The cheese was that queso fresco stuff and it was pushed all into one side in a big stringy wad.  The chips and guac were ok.  But there seemed to be no lime or anything citrusy in it to keep it from being an ugly brown color.  I don't think the use fresh ingredients at all...They're nice, and I don't mind that it looks like a dive...but then you gotta prove something with your food...they don't make that leap.
Maybe I'm just ordering the wrong thing?
A better bet would have been El Zarape at Morris and Passyunk...but they don't deliver.I gave this three stars but now I think it deserves five.  Forget what I said about the ambiance.
To appease the white man, I suppose, they also have American food.  I wish they would get rid of it.  Down with the white man.
It's cheap and the carnitas tacos hit the spot every time.  It's what I keep coming back for.  I want to try other stuff but every time I go in I always decide not to because then I simply won't be getting those tacos that very instant.  The fact that the pork is super fatty is the best part.  The fat is where the flavor is.  And the meat doesn't lack flavorful juice, either.  It doesn't make sense to even mention that it's "bad for you."  Getting drunk is also "bad for you" and no one complains about bars causing poor health.  I've never eaten El Maguey when drunk--it's more of a filling lunchtime thing for me.
I have to be careful when eating these tacos because on more than one occasion I've scarfed them so quickly that I didn't chew properly and then excess masticated food got backed up in my throat.  The ensuing, slow, painful ordeal as a result of this blockage is tortuous and in extreme cases has given me dry heaves.  But I will endure dry heaves again if necessary for this goodness.
If one were to be so silly as to try to compare the establishment's treatment of something like nachos (which are an American invention, by the way) with one of the more trendy Mexican places around Philly, that would be laughable.  But I'm sure no one would do that.
My only real complaint is that they don't have tap water for you to drink if you want to eat there.  So I always get my tacos to go.  
49 times out of 50 I'd rather get a $6 lunch here than a $9 plus tax and tip offering from Cantina, even though I like that place too (see my review).The food is great and with such a large menu, we get to try something new every time we order. We've always gotten delivery and it's been on time or often early. I highly recommend Taqueria El Maguey!I love el maguey. Delicious, authentic Mexican food for an amazing price. They never disappoint.Listen, this place isn't the cleanest. I don't even want to know why they got shut down multiple times. What I do know is that this is delicious Mexican food. It's reasonably priced and their delivery is quick enough.
If you speak Spanish, do it. They wait on you quicker. ;)Maguey's hours are amongst their highest values. I love the quesadilla. I liked the chicken in it but I'd get queso next time. I personally like to see what I'm eating not little ground up pieces of chicken. I'm not a tinga guy, but my buddy loved their tinga tacos. I was surprised to see the majority of customers was a white crowd. Random but interesting. I have had the chicken sopes. They are good sope shells, but it was quite difficult determining the difference between the cheese and queso fresco. I'd say this place is not messing with Camden/Trenton, however it's straight if your looking for a decent bite up to 1 AM.Order somewhere else please, it's not worth the risk of having to call in sick the next day. We ordered two burritos last night, one carnitas and one chicken. They were not appetizing at all, and we both had instant regret. What a waste of money. Even worse, now I feel sick to my stomach. I hate to leave bad reviews, but have to with how ill I feel after eating that mess. This pace seemed to have a good rating on here. I should have known to throw it away after I took the first bite - the chicken tasted like wet dog and the tortilla was slimy and translucent. I figured it was just the flavor of the chicken that I wasn't into and ate around it. Wish I had followed my instincts.Great fast Mexican food that stay open late. And has delivery til 1:30am Authentic Mexican food right here in south PhiladelphiaI ordered delivery from this place after being disappointed by a lot of other (very expensive) neighborhood taco joints. Taqueria El Maguey is LEGIT!
For $24, including tax, tip, and delivery, I got two Arabes tacos, three chicharrones tacos, and a generous portion of fresh guac with homemade tortilla chips. The chicharrones tacos also arrived with a side of delicious nopales, which I had initially regretted getting an order of. The food was huge, cheap, yummy, and quick to arrive. A+!Been here a couple of times for takeout. Great authentic Mexican food. I love their chile rellenos. Only a few tables for eating in so it's more of a take out place then a date night.I will make a blind nod to the dingy decor, but I will definitely give a cheer to the food. The tacos al pastor with pineapple chunks were perfectly spicy, and the guacamole and fresh chips were divine. My only complaint is that the hot chips melted through the styrofoam container on my brief walk home, but I only had to sacrifice two chips. The small bit of leftovers for my lunch the next day were even better, and it's all I can do to keep myself from ordering a container of guac everyday! Great little place...My to go spot for some authentic tacos. I found out about this place years ago, when a close friend of mine used to live around the corner. I started with their juicy steak soft taco, only to fall in love and order more and more every single time. However, I don't roll with their steak taco no more! Their beef lengua(tongue) soft shell taco, IS THE BEST IN TOWN! The texture, juicy slab of meat is so delicious. Never tried a tongue meat that good before. Btw, their milk shake is also to die for.Yelped this spot and was excited about the really cheap prices! I ordered a chorizo quesadilla which was $5-6... I loveeed the cheese they use (it's apparently some sort of Mexican string cheese). It was a pretty big quesadilla too. It was delicious but I wish they had warned me about the spice level though.. damn there was a kick I was not expecting! If I'm in the area again, I would try nachos or tacos or burritos or even milkshakes that the other reviews mention. The only reason I'm taking away one star is because the quesadilla took forever to come out... I was the only one waiting for food and I almost felt like they forgot about me. It shouldn't have taken 20 mins for one quesadilla!El Maguey, why oh why did you have to go and break my heart? We had such a good relationship, we were working on our issues, and things were going a lot better...I thought we could make it for the long haul. Alas, apparently all good things must come to an end. 
Maybe it was my fault for being wasted and deciding at like 12:50am (when they close at 1am) to order delivery because I see no other explanation for how an order could get so terribly screwed up. I called in an order for 2 vegetarian burritos, fish tacos, guacamole, and some chicken soup expecting to be told that they were closed but was promised it would be delivered shortly. Over an hour later, the delivery guy shows up after getting lost and berates me for not asking for a total price when I expressed shock for it being practically $30. My bad dude, usually it's told to me before I hang up. Then, once we opened the bags to eat, we realized that the order was completely and utterly wrong. We had one vegetarian burrito, steak tacos, a weird gelatinous soup with literally a massive chicken bone in it, a cheese quesadilla, and the order of guacamole. Uh? What? Seriously, the majority of it was pretty inedible. The guacamole was good and we did eat the vegetarian burrito but stopped once we noticed bits of pork in there. It was just so awful and terrible that the next morning we woke up and called and asked for our money back, which is the only reason they have two stars instead of one. They were very helpful and returned my $29 once they verified that they had screwed up the order. 
It's such a bummer that my go-to delivery place failed me in such a ridiculous way. 
At least I have my memories of what this place once was. 
(Oh but they did redo the inside so it looks mildly less grungy now)The burrito I had here was so good...huge, tender pork and as I think another person mentioned (?) they really roll all the ingredients together well in the burrito so you don't get one bite of just meat followed by one of just sour cream or whatever.  The Oaxacan cheese was a novelty for me, and delicious.
But the ambience is just terrible, and apparently the health code violations are true.  However I can see the cooks making my food right in front of me so at least that assures me that nothing too crazy is going on.  All the same I'm feeling a little iffy towards the place.  In any case it's too close and too tasty for me not to return to in the near future.I've ordered from here more times than I can count. My go-to order is the carne enchilada burrito and the chips and guacamole. Prices are pretty reasonable for how much food you get. Guys there are nice and get your order done on time!I love the food here it is really good. I usually split a burrito with my boyfriend, and it is a big portion. I would highly recommend this to a friend. Don't judge this book by its cover though, it may appear a little strange when you walk in but the food is really good.I loved it so much. I been waiting for my ma to go out so I can get Mexican. She didn't eat it. Well I enjoyed it very much. I will order again soon.This place has cheap, tasty Mexican food and they are open late.  They are a great choice for drunk food and I have gone there many times late night for chicken tinga tacos and if you call ahead for pickup you're all set.  I'm not going to say that it's the best food on the planet but it's solid food for a great price.  Pick up a ginger ale (or whatever your hangover killer might be) if you're thinking ahead to the next morning.I went there twice, and yeah, I can safely say that the place has nothing that causes it to stand out from any other mexican eatery. The chorizo tacos were good, but nothing special. The price was reasonable, customer service was O.K, decor was bad (one time I came in through the door and was right away encountered with dirt bikes improperly stacked against the ice cream fridge, INSIDE THE STORE!). I couldn't care less about the decor had the food been great, but again, nothing separates el maguey from other mexican eateries here in philly in terms of its food quality. And yeah, like one gentleman said below, they seem to prioritize deliveries over walk-in customers, which to me is not very sensible. unlikely to go back.This place is da bomb. It has such good food and is very reasonably priced. Believe it or not their milkshakes are incredible. As is just about everything on their menu.I ordered delivery and they actually exceeded my expectations. Besides, the cheap price, the portions were huge and tasted authentic! I ordered a enchilada burrito and it was almost as big as my thigh! It was also stuffed with meat, cheese, rice, beans and AVOCADO. That's a plus for me, considering that most spots don't do that anymore because they're too cheap. My husband had a torta cubana and it was as much amazing as mine.
Also, the delivery was 10 mins early which is a super plus for me. 
My only complaint was that they gave us only 1 sauce for two orders. I think it's mandatory to include the typical sauces for EACH order.Terrible customer service. Do not waste your money by ordering from here. There are much better places to get similar food in Philadelphia.Y'all. Order. These. Tacos. Omg so damn good. I'm writing this as I'm eating . I got the spicy chicken tacos. Not spicy at all but they come with a red sauce on the side so I guess you can spice it up on your own! I ordered at midnight and it came at 12:20, earlier than anticipated which is good cause I was starving. But yeah yum so good, order it. I also ordered the churros. It could use more sugar in my opinion, but it came with like a sauce, like a merengue either peach or mango idk to be exact. But everything is fresh and hot! Yum! I'm so happy lol.Five bucks for a chicken torta the size of a football.  Not actually that big, but it's big.  If you spring for something more expensive like a cubano, it's even bigger, and can easily be split between two people or across two meals for one person.Outstanding quality, delivered fresher than competing Mexican restaurants in South Philly. Tacos al pastor came hot, with the tortillas still pliable, not cold and hard like I've become accustomed to with delivery. The rest of the food was also great. Delivery driver was extremely respectful, so make sure to leave a tip!I've only been here once, even though I live around the corner and pass it every day on the way to work.  I got one of their tortas, I forget which one, and can't look it up because apparently their menu doesn't exist on the interwebs (??).  But I do remember that it had chicken, a hot dog, and pineapple in it.  It was weird, but pretty good.  And so big that it split up into 2 meals, and held up the next day.  Will definitely come back to try some more of their menu.I don't care what anyone says - I freakin' love El Maguey. It's probably the only thing I miss about not living at 9th and Tasker anymore, which is saying a lot considering all the things that are also within a 3 block vicinity from that address. 
So South Philadelphia, for all of you people who aren't aware of this, has a plethora of small, dingy, taquerias. It can be daunting at times to pick one, but trust me when I say you should pick El Maguey. Their food is yummy yummy, and they are open really late (like 1am). I always order a steak burrito, and they always make it for me despite it not being on the menu. Their guacamole is made fresh to order, and I'm almost positive they make their chips there as well. The cubans are also tasty, but I will say that their vegetable burrito wasn't my favorite. Bummer :[
But IN GENERAL the food is as good as it gets for a South Philly Mexican joint. Unfortunately the atmosphere is just horrible (Sometimes I don't like being leered at by creepy men, ok?), which is why I'm only giving it 4 stars.Don't be fooled by the neon signs advertising steaks and burgers... this is the Mexican food my boyfriend and I have been looking for since we moved here 2 years ago.  We still haven't found a place with "bay area style" giant burritos, but El Maguey is the place to go for delicious fresh tortillas, authentic Mexican cheese (queso Oaxaca), and 3 different salsas (red, green, and green with avocado) that I love almost equally.
I'm almost embarrassed to say that my favorite thing to order here is the chicken quesadilla, (seems boring, no?) but it's true.  They marinate their chicken with tomatoes and onion and you can watch them stamp out fresh corn tortillas.  And the cheese.  I've heard people call it Mexican string cheese in English before which doesn't really do it justice, but you get the idea.  Yum!
No ambience to speak of - just a few folding tables and chairs, but it's worth eating in and enjoying your tortillas fresh off the grill.  We did take out once and it was still good, but the tacos got a little soggy on the ride home.  
The only reason I can't give them 5 stars is that the tables could be cleaned up a bit and their batidos are nothing special.  When it comes to the food though, you can't beat it!
Don't know their exact hours, but I know they were open late the night we first stumbled upon them on our way to 1609.I was very satisfied with their food! Great portions! I absolutely loved their chips & guacamole! I was happy to finally found some homemade chips! Great quality food! Will definitely order again!This place is incredible. I just moved in a block away and I go there about 3 or 4 times a week. The tostadas are my favorite, but the tacos are my boyfriends. It's an addiction that I am totally willing to feed. 
Plus it always only takes around 10 minutes for it to be ready. I'm in love with this place.Excellent and cheap. Big fan of the al pastor burrito.  I dont know what "authentic" mexican food is, but this is my best guess.  Well, at least compared to the Cantina.  And theyre open til 1:30!  Just dont plan to eat there. They have tables, but Im pretty sure theyre just for show.The chicken creaser salad was nothing special. The chicken quesadilla was small (but only $5) and it was not chicken chunks, it was shredded chicken. So if youre looking for juicy chicken pieces, this is not it.For Mexican delivery this was fair.  The one milkshake was fine but the other (strawberry) was not edible.  It was not cold enough to be a milkshake and tasted weird.  Delivery was fast and portions were large.  So you get what you pay for since it is so cheap.Solid Mexican joint for take-out. The carnitas burrito and spicy chicken nachos are great hangover food.I keep getting closer and closer to finding authentic Southern California style Mexican food in Philly, and last night with El Maguey's was a huge leap. Steak tostadas that were delish (they called it steak and not carne asada... That's ok, I guess. This is Philly... Mouths start watering at the word "steak." Understandable.) Had a quesadilla and wasn't sure what was going on with the cheese... It truly seemed like string cheese, but as long as it's not like Taco Bell style american cheese, I'm chillin. The guy said their Mexican chicken stew is the best thing on the menu so I got a quart to-go to eat later. It looks delicious. This restaurant isn't fancy, but that usually means it's good when you're looking for Mexicans food. I imagine this place could win drunk-food accolades.Love the fresh guac and the $5 chicken fajita burrito! Don't really like their ground beef hard tacos though, the meat is unseasoned and the taco shells can be chewy but everything else I've tried is decent foe the price.Delicious, authentic, fresh Mexican food.  It's so, so good; a hidden gem tucked away under the guise of a corner store with the cheap prices to match.  Also, open til 2am on the weekends.  Home run.
Mucho gracias, El Maguey.spent most of my life in california, both northern and southern, and tacos are damn near sacred.  maguey never disappoints.  the pastor is bangin every single time.  there's a suprising amount of great mexican food in south philly, but maguey, gallos, and garibaldi are neck-and-neck for top position.  i've never had a bad taco at maguey.  in fact, most have made my toes curl.  and they are FAST.  my order is almost always ready 10 minutes after i call in.  maguey is a-ok.I really hate to drop El Maguey a star, but as I've ventured away from my go-to steak burrito I realized that some things just don't measure up. Most notably...
Their nachos suck. Seriously. I usually order them drunk and I always forget how bad they are when I order them because it's been like 3 times now and I'm always pissed off at myself after the fact. It's basically chips, wiz, whatever protein/veg you choose to order, and maybe a salsa or two on the side. In a city FULL of authentic, hipster, and upscale Mexican restaurants this is pretty much unacceptable. Plus, the pork that they use is super duper fatty and always makes me feel nasty the next morning (but tastes oh-so good when drunk, mmm)
Speaking of meat, their cuban sandwich is definitely my new favorite choice. It's probably not the most authentic and is definitely ridiculously bad for you but I really dig it anyway. It weighs like 2 pounds and consists of so many meats (the pork, some ham, a god damn hot dog), a fried egg, pickled jalapenos, and the other necessary vegetable requirements. Will it make you gain 5 pounds instantly? Probably. Will you regret it in the morning? Most definitely. Is it tasty and and messy and awesome? YES. A THOUSAND TIMES YES. Like I said, this is not a healthy thing and tastes the best whilst drunk but I love it and will eat it in any state of mind within a matter of minutes. 
The steak burrito is still aces. Again, it's not listed as an option on the menu but they'll make it for you if you ask (which you should). Their vegetable burrito is still lame so maybe not order it if you're not a vegetarian. My roommate digs the chicken one and he has good taste so you're probably alright with that choice. 
Their hours are also super amazing. They are open to 1am at least 5 or 6 days a week and deliver all throughout South Philly. SO crucial.A year ago this place was one star but in that time they stepped up their game.  I order from them two or three times a week because of their recent success rate.  They don't make you wait and delivery has a 7/10 on time rate and it is best for pickup and delivery. 
Burritos are huge.  Tortas are incredible.  However, Cuban torta can be gross because they throw a heaping mound of HOT DOGS on them.  Dont ask them to take the hot dogs off because they never can figure out what you are talking about.  Just get something else.  Regular chicken torta is like 5$ and amazing.  
The hot dog problem and some other general neglect is what makes this 4 stars and not 5.  They charged me for a coke the other day and didn't deliver it.  
They make a cheeseburger there and if you order Jalepenos on it, they are the mexican style Jalepenos.  Makes for a badass sandwich.Best.  Drunk.  Food.  EVER.
I love Maguey because they are open until 1, and because they serve up GIANT vegetarian quesadillas that are, from your hopefully inebriated perspective, the most incredible thing you have ever tasted in your entire life.  I recommend the tinga (spicy chicken) for the carnivores and the flor de calabaza for those of you who scorn the flesh.  Comes with two delicious salsas (verde y roja).
Take it to the dome, and never look back.I ordered a vegetable burrito. This item's description wasn't specific in listing the vegetables. I didn't ask assuming it couldn't be too bad. My burrito was rice, lettuce, mexican cheese, carrots, cauliflower, and broccoli. I love vegetables but there was zero flavor amd this combo is not what I had in mind. I'd go back if I'm in the mood for meat or desperate since they're quick and open late. It's not for vegetarians.Disappointed. The portions are large and the delivery was quick, but there was no cheese, sour cream or lettuce on my burrito. The food is decent but not overwhelmingly great. I'll try other places around before going back.This place is fuegoooo!!!! Food is A1!! I love it here. Everything is great especially the el pastor burrito and the chorizo quesadilla! Excellent service and food quality!I've had my share of mexican restaurants but this place is a gem. It's authentic, they are fast (especially if you deliver. Probably the fastest delivery time I've ever experienced). The food is great. Try the chicken tinga quesadilla (spicy chicken). That's my favorite. They are open late. Only thing is, they are closed on tuesdays and for some odd reason, that's always the day I crave them. One of my favorite Mexican restaurants in Philly!Love this place. Chicken fajita burrito is mad cheap and delicious. My favorite is the Bistec a la Mexicana. Lots of heat and super addictive!El Maguey is the bomb!!!  Super affordable and delish.
To be honest, I order the same thing every time: spicy chicken burrito and sometimes guacamole.  The burritos are superb and huge (the second half is always good for lunch the next day).  The guac is the best I've ever had. My friend who grew up in Arizona agrees.
Definitely give El Maguey a try!!I've only had a burrito here, but it was a nice sized portion, albeit a bit bland. The service is friendly, but the place could really use a fan or something, as eating in there on a hot, humid, summer night proved pretty uncomfortable.This place is flavortown! I loved everything we got. My only two complaints are that the sopas were a little salty which may have been the tinga, and the burrito I got (tinga) was wrapped in a way so that when I picked it up everything was vertical instead of horizontal so I had to move it around in order to get every ingredient in one bite. We got two burritos, one al pastor and one tinga, 3 steak soft tacos, and an order of sopas with tinga. Even with those small things, I live in New Jersey and will definitely be back! So delish. Be warned, there are only 5 tables for two people each in the place. You may be able to put two tables together for a party of four as we did. There is also window seating for about 6 to 8 people I guess. But it wasn't crowded as almost every single order was take out besides usMy favorite guacamole in South Philly. Try the pumpkin blossom quesadilla, but get it to go. It's like dining in a gas station.I tried to get tacos al pastor the other night, but they'd run out of pork. It wasn't even 8pm, and you're running out of ingredients? Not good. They'd remodeled, and it's even more depressing than before. Never again.Hmmm I'm so curious about the other reviews, it seems like so many other people think this place is legit! But we were pretty disappointed.
We came in around 8pm on a Friday night to get carry-out. We got a steak burrito, and a veggie burrito. The people who work there are super nice! It took about 20 minutes for them to prepare, and yes - the prices are great... but you get what you pay for.
My veggie burrito was just okay. I liked how there were real veggies in there (broccoli, cauliflower, carrots, zucchini), and I liked the kind of cheese they used, but it just sort of tasted like nothing. And I wasn't a big fan of either their red or green salsas, so I just doused it in the jarred salsa my dad had in the fridge.
Maybe we ordered wrong? Maybe if we go again, I'll try a quesadilla.Quick delivery, friendly service. surprisingly great tacos for such a late night. I wasn't expecting much, but I was definitely impressed.food is pretty good but they overprice/over charge allllllllll the time!!!!! they dont know their prices & they have illegal practices!!! what i mean by this is they'll have one price on the menu & then when you walk in & pick it up charge you a completely different price at least $2-$3 more which is illegal outrageous & ridiculous poor business practices!! 
and then when i called them out on it they basically tried to bully me into paying the newly made up price!!!!! they're extremely rude & when the workers see a girl by themselves they try to hit on them & stare menacingly & uncomfortably!! im speaking from experience because everytime my girlfriend went to pick up food she mentioned this to me & said she was scared because of how gross they were being 
i hope you guys heed my warnings & spend your money elsewhere ( dont say i didnt warn you ) !!!!My go-to Mexican place! I usually order chicken tinga traditional tacos or tostados to go or delivery. The actual location is just a little corner store but the food is delicious, hot, heaping and well made. Great place to go when you have a few bucks to spend. Not expensive but worth every penny.I'm not sure why this place is getting so much slack. Its not delicious, cheap mexican food. I live for their tacos. However, there was a 2 day period where they were closed. I'm not sure if I want to know why but it usually involves L&I.Super authentic, great prices and quick delivery. The al pastor tacos are fire and the tortas are really filling. One of the best food options in South Philly.I ordered tacos and burritos al pastor from them and it was FANTASTIC! They were very generous with meat and toppings and everything was so delicious! The guacamole is fantastic and heavy on cilantro. This is my new favorite delivery spot. Definitely recommending it to friends.I ordered chicken taco's regular not spicy and flour tortilla. They didn't have flour tortilla so OK no biggie. The chicken was spicy, which I did not order and there was no tomato, lettuce or anything else on it just chicken and cilantro. If I was a drunk I would of been pleased but only the price was right- the taco's were nasty. Many americans prefer flour tortillas and like chicken that doesn't taste like hot rubber.  One and done.waking up from a nap at 1230am after moving,
having an empty fridge and no near by wawa is
horrifying. I looked on grubbhub and they had no food options so I looked on eat24 which i guess is
yelps version. I found taqueria and thought the prices and reviews were worth a shot considering all other options were deep fried cheesey 1000% unhealthy. so I got an el pastor burrito with a side of guac. waited about 35 minutes and got a phone call saying my delivery driver was here. he got out of his car even though I didn't mind walking up to him. he was a very sweet and polite guy, appreciative of his tip. (which rules cause being greeted by a rude male at 1am alone is never settling) so I grab my bag and go inside. the thing weighs a ton. the burrito was gigantic. filled with pork, pine apple, rice, refried beans, lettuce some kinda cheese and more ! I ate about half and realized I got two meals for $12. so much food! the guac was amazing, very fresh, spicy and hearty. I think I ate a 3rd of it. not realizing I'd get a real portion of it. very happy with my late night hunger panic!This is the best spot for all things.
I love getting the burgers.
Fast delivery is allways a game changer. Is fast and always hot.  What more do you wantWe ordered guacamole with chips, beef tacos, beef enchiladas and carnitas and chorizo tacos. The guacamole was average. The beef for the tacos was very bland and cooked til crunchy and tasted like burned ground beef with just salt. The chorizo and carnitas tacos were also bland. The taco shells and chips were also not good. The enchiladas were drowned in a spicy sauce and queso Fresca yet the meat was bland. We were very disappointed.  The staff were very friendly.Ok place is a little dirty. I ordered spicy beef burrito. It was alright, nothing to write home about. The only problem I incurred was when I called I had a hard time communicating, but was able to find the place to pick up my food.The first and most important thing I have to say is chicken tinga tacos.  They are made with plum tomatoes and "mexican spices" which I think includes chipotle...nice and smokey and all in all very flavorful.  The guac is bliss inspiring and the chips are cooked fresh.
It loses stars for the complete and utter lack of ambiance. I mean it isn't really dirty it's just overly bright, mismatched and dingy.  I'd suggest they can the gringo food and spend more effort on making the place a little more pleasant.
BONUS for the kitchen being open til 1 AM and quick delivery time.
I'd give it 3 1/2 stars if that were an option.El Maguey is a corner Mexican deli located across from the upscale bar/restaurant 1609 at the corner of Tasker and 10th. It isn't much to look at, and in fact the interior with it's rickety four mismatched wooden chairs at an equally rickety table, comes off as a little dirty.
The food is exactly what you'd expect, which is homestyle Mexican cooking (tacos with homemade tortillas and the like) mixed with some sandwiches and desserts. It isn't the best food in the world but it's cheap and tasty.
The staff is incredibly kind and outgoing and eager to please, which is great since the average order - even a small one - takes forever to fill. This is generally because they give priority to delivery orders.
Still, if you're in the area and your stomach has the grumblies, this is a good alternative to the unending cheesesteak and pizza options everywhere else.Delicious tacos & fresh, spicy guacamole!!El maguey is really delicious. You can't go wrong with their tacos or their tortas. The milanesa de res torta comes with breaded fried steak, jalapenos, avocado, lettuce, tomato and queso Oaxaca. I could eat three of them. Great late night wasted food.el maguey es el jefe. Comprende?? I hear people complaining about the ambiance....I don't think that word even exists in Spanish. Who cares about the ambiance? Fish tacos...muy bueno(and it tasted fresh not frozen,but I'm not positive) Tostadas....muy bueno. Sopes...muy bueno. I gotta admit I'm not big on quesadillas but these were good. Thy have some sort of Mexican string cheese which was different and very good. And make sure you ask for a side of fried jalapeños to add spice. Even the red sauce they give you is top notch. It was spicy and had a really nice smokey flavor to it. And the guac! I'm not big on guac but I eat theirs by the bucket. It's delicious. They have a chicken soup too that I have seen but not had yet. It looked very appetizing. They also have especiales del dia which are always the real authentic Mexican dishes which I have yet to get my chops on. I also saw what was clearly Mexican soda imported from Mexico....did someone say ambiance? Oh yea and they're open til 130am....jackpot! I should mention that all the food above was not as good at Los gallos or el jarocho.Eat here breakfast lunch and dinner because I'm culinarily retarded, everything is delicious and it's a great bang for your buck!!!!!!!!!Epic Tacos in Philly! Looks like an abandoned corner store, but don't be fooled. I go the carnitas and the carne asada. I'd recommend them both! This place gets my California 5 star review! I will be back fo shodelivery was late, and the meat was not cooked properly, got food poisoning from the chorizo quesadilla. so unfortunate.Update: the past several times I've ordered from here something has been wrong with the order in some way or another. Tonight I ordered chips and guacamole and when I opened the bag, no guac. I called the restaurant and they said to give them 10 minutes. 30 minutes later it still wasn't here. I called again and 5 minutes later the guac showed up. However, at that point I no longer wanted it. I know mistakes happen but I'm really disappointed because I enjoy the food for a quick and easy Mexican delivery. I'm even more annoyed that nothing was done to compensate for the mistake as much as I order from them.how the hell have i lived here for three years and never got this.... the milkshakes are $$$ af.   burgers and quesadillas are good.  they deliver till 1:30.Fantastic food for even better prices. I'm a creature of habit and tend to order the same thing each time--Fajita burrito and chips and guac--but why fix it if it ain't broke? So yummy and so much food. I've also had their refried beans, tostadas, and churros. Haven't had a bad experience yet. Delivery is on time & food is hot. So glad I found this place!The guacamole was sooooo good and the chips were delivered still warm! The chicken burrito was really good.  Everything was flavorful and fresh!Great authentic find. Embracing their Aztec heritage and bringing the vibes of Brooklyn, I was pleasantly surprised by the flavors of Restaurant  Taqueria El Maguey. I was planning a birthday for my friend and stumbled across this place (side note, they actually give you 15% off your first online order restauranttaqueriaelmaguey.com), so this was already a win. I was looking to get a lot of food and they truly catered with so much variety from fajitas to breakfast options to tacos with all sorts of fillings.
I will definitely be back to order, maybe try out more of their popular menu items - every 10th order online is free apparently, so got to work up to that!