Good food. Beats Cactus for Mexican food on Main St. They're sometimes a little strict about needing your whole group when you sit down - understandable to an extent.Love this place! It is my go-to date night spot.  I always get the same thing - chips and salsa trio, cauliflower tacos and the house margarita.   The vibe is lively and fun, the food is great and I've never had a bad time!This is the best Mexican restaurant I have found in the area. Shayna our server is incredible and very attentive. The menu has something for all tastes and the food is delicious. I will return again and again.Very poor female bar tender this is why places go out of business rude and obnoxious.  According to her when asked  "a restaurant can have poor quality drinks just cause she makes them " wow and too top it all she says that to a customers face 
Guy bartender was good and made fresh margaritas unlike the female that poured stale pre mix from a bottle over a glass of ice.
Food quality is very poor too this place is a disaster and is crowded only cause there are very few choices left.
Don't waste your time and money in this place.They've done it again. This time they put one of their irresistible Mexican restaurants right in my hood. I'm going to have to figure out how to get my paycheck directly deposited to Taqueria Feliz because surely that's where I'll be spending most of my money. 
We went to Taqueria on opening weekend, twice. Everything I had was delicious. The vibe is cool, casual, dark and fun. The menu has many similar items to the ones you'll see at Calaca or Cantina, but they are definitely doing their own unique things as well. 
I've had:
The nachos (with and without meat) -- bangin'
Guac - you can't go wrong with guac
The tortilla soup -- a little spicy, a lot affordable
Beef tongue tacos - interesting texture, lots of flavor
Tacos al pastor - spicy and sweet, can I have some more please? 
Fish tacos - lightly fried fish, topped with crunchy radishes, a slice of avocado and some citrus.
The cubano - not your average cuban sandwich. So much more! 
Sweet plantains - the perfect sweet side to balance everything out
Three chili margarita - hands down my favorite margarita of all time.
I look forward to trying the rest of the menu in the coming weeks!Amazing! The carnitas tacos are incredible and my favorite but the brisket tacos take a close second. Nothing beats a good margarita, and Taqueria makes an excellent one. The only bummer is that as of my last visit, the frozen margaritas only came in fruit flavors, not original. All in all, one of my favorite places to eat in Manayunk.Not the most comfortable seats at the bar or at tables, but nachos are some of the best I've ever had.  Lots of cilantro and other fresh ingredients.  For drinks, the chili margarita and a tequila sampler are the way to go!All I can say is you have to come here ...they definitely have the best taco EEEEEVVVERRR...we jus came here out of the blue and I'm glad we did the lamb tacos chicken quesadillas, fish tacos, cheese tacos everything was delicious!!! The service was great also!!Went there last week for brunch. Food was good. Service was exceptional. Our waiter, can't remember his name but he had curly hair, had awesome menu knowledge. He understood how everything was made and prepared. Wasnt pushy or anything and he made great suggestions. Gonna go back just cause he was so great.Wife and I walked in and were seated. Waitress took our drink order and never came back. Another couple came in 10 mins after us and the SAME waitress took their drink order, brought their drinks, AND took their food order... Meanwhile we're still waiting for our drinks to come. This is on a Saturday afternoon, so it wasn't like she was very busy. Immediately left this place and will not be coming back. Very disrespectful service.A great addition to Main St. Fantastic nachos and the vegetarian options are growing!!I went here with 2 friends on a Friday night, we made a reservation on open table for 2 by accident, oops! But they got us in for 3 fairly quickly. We waited for under 30 minutes.
The food was very good, I got the Al Pastor tacos which were fresh and flavorful. One of my friends got Carne Asada cooked medium well, it was done perfectly and came with sides of beans, fresh salsa, and quac. I was envious of his dish.
The service here was great. Very friendly, and very attentive. I hate when empty dishes sit on the table. That did not happen here! Almost the second we were done they were cleared off our table. 
My only complaint was that we were in this kind of back corner of the restaurant where we could hear everyone else's conversation. It got kind of annoying to compete with the other tables.I love coming to this place for happy hour. They have $4 white and red wine sangria that's delicious. They have a great queso foundindo (spelling?) dip with chips and tortilla that's for $5. I also have had both their chicken tinga and tuna wasabi tacos, and I can't stop raving about them. I do have to say that you cannot compare this place to typical Mexican food restaurants, but they do have unique and fun taco choices. I definitely recommend coming here for happy hour, especially when it's nice outside.Ceviche was horrible; halved shrimp in a sauce that you'd find in a Chinese restaurant, not Mexican at all. Food was bland and meat was dry.  I'd go for happy hour drinks but find another place to eat.What a neat hip Mexican spot downtown in Manayunk. We came here on a Friday night and there was a wait. The host told us about 20-30 minutes but it def felt a lot shorter after grabbing a drink at the bar we were called for our table. Menu is pretty simple. They have cauliflower tacos that are tasty that's vegan friendly. It comes with three small tacos that are filling which is good! My boyfriend had the pineapple pork tacos which he enjoyed and comes with three tacos. We split one of their side orders and chips and salsa. It was a pretty good deal for Mexican food and a nice atmosphere for a casual date or get together with friends spot.  Everyone that worked there was very friendly and on point that night...cool spot overall.Main Street in Manayunk offers an impressive quantity and variety of restaurants and Taqueria Feliz rises above them all.
In summary, there are (3) reasons why Taqueria Feliz, "TF," has fast become one of my favorite restaurants.
(1) Everything is reasonably-priced
(2) The food is absolutely delicious and very fresh-tasting
(3) The service is friendly, detail-oriented, and attentive
I highly recommend trying out TF for Happy Hour. There are great deals on drinks and apps. The highlights for me were the $2 off specialty cocktails and $5 apps. I really liked how I could get a non-well tequila in my margarita and still have the drink cost under $10. 
Nachos (Queso Mixto, Black Bean Puree, Rajas, Pickled Jalapenos, Salsa Arbol, Tomatoes, Crema, Radish) - 
If you're headed to Taqueria Feliz for Happy Hour with a group, the $5 nachos are a crowd pleaser, not to mention an inexpensive way to fill up.
Fish Taco "Ensanada Style" (Tempura Battered -or- Grilled Blue Tilapia, Chipotle Mayo, Cabbage Slaw, Radish) - 5 out of 5
The Chefs at Taqueria Feliz clearly grasp the idea of "less is more" when creating tacos. The generous portion of tilapia was uber fresh and grilled to perfection. The vibrant cabbage slaw added acidity and crunch to elevate the mild filet of fish. A finishing drizzle of spicy mayo added a needed richness and Mexican spice flavoring.
Guacamole & Chips - 5 out of 5
Taq guac is the best I've tried in a restaurant. It's slightly chilled; the cold temperature reaffirms the fresh, rich qualities of the avocado, and helps temper the roasted jalapeño, and the biting crispness of the red onion. The thick, chunky guac is complemented by a bowl of freshly-fried house-made tortilla chips. The chips are lightly-salted and slightly thicker than the standard chip. Form follows function, here: the thick chips stand up to deep dips without breaking.
Service -
I can be a tough critic when judging service. I was very pleased with the level of detail in the service, especially with the support staff. Water refills were frequent, plates cleared in a timely manner, and new sets of silverware were supplied between courses. Our server was present when we needed him. Despite the filled dining room, we never felt rushed.
Overall, I look forward to returning soon to try more of the menu!My two girlfriends and I went to Taqueria Feliz for a Tuesday night dinner.  Our experience started out as a 5 star but went downhill towards the middle/end of our meal.
Our server came over after a few minutes give us water, which I loved because I always ask anyway.  My one friend and I ordered the Santana Margarita ($10) and my other friend ordered the Feliz (house) Margarita ($7.50).  Both came quite quickly and tasted yummy.  We were a bit disappointed in the size because it was about three quarters of the size of a pint glass and it wasn't filled to the top.  We didn't mind much though because once we were finished we wanted to order another.  Unfortunately, we did not get that chance because after our meals were finished we did not see our server for over 20 minutes.
We ordered guacamole and chips for an appetizer.  It was a huge portion and good quality guac.  I didn't need to mess with it at all.  Usually, it's lacking lime or salt, but this was just perfect!  My carnitas tacos were really amazing.  There was a ton of pulled apart, flavorful, spicy pork.  It was probably one of the best carnitas tacos I've had in quite some time.  My one friend ordered the mushrooms tacos which she enjoyed and ate all three with no hesitation.  My other friend ordered tacos al pastor and was quite disappointed.  Even though they did not skimp on the pineapple, the pieces of pork were huge.  Normally, you would think this would be good but with tacos al pastor the pork should be thinly sliced or pulled apart.  She also said there wasn't much flavor in the marinade/sauce and left the last one on her plate.
Overall, we had a good meal at Taqueria Feliz.  I was definitely satisfied with the portion sizes of food compared to the prices.  Oh, and Tuesdays were $3 off tacos.  Win.  I was torn between 3 and 4 stars because of the size of the margaritas, slow service at the end of our meal, and my friends tacos al pastor.  In the end, I based my rating on my own meal which was above and beyond any carnitas tacos I've had in recent memory.  We would have definitely stayed for another margarita if our server would have come over.  We couldn't even flag him down because our table was located in a small room with only 3 other tables and we could not see the main dining area from where we were seated.  No biggie because we made it over to US Hotel for some beers instead!Good solid food. Been here a few times. Happy Hour is a real deal. Drinks are great. Brisket Nachos are something like a big deal. The regular sized portion is enough to feed a table of 4. The service was impeccable. I asked my server for extra sour cream to take home with my leftover Nachos and she hooked me up! Such a cute place with a fun vibe. Definitely worth multiple visits. My friend got the kale chopped salad and it was so very good. I've been to Cantina Feliz in Fort Washington (their sister restaurant) and I liked it but I love Taqueria Feliz. This place is a winner!Went to Taqueria Feliz a few weeks ago on Sunday. This place is great for Main Street. Good set-up and great TVs at the bar. I ordered the Cubana Sandwich ($10.95), it's huge and delicious. Friends ordered Margaritas which were $8 (yikes) and very small and wayyy too sweet. Also, the tacos (2 per order, kinda small and $11.95)
Overall - food is great, but don't cheat your customers on the Margs, they're way to expensive for Manayunk anyways. 
Tip- Lower the alcohol pricesAfter eying some of the delicious looking food at this place in passing, I dined here last night with some friends. Overall, although the service was on the slower side and the waitstaff on the arrogant, pushy side, the food definitely met my expectations, if not exceeded them. 
After reading others' reviews, it seemed like this place is either inconsistent with their food or peoples' opinions/preferences vary a lot. 
Upon being seated, our waiter asked if we wanted any drinks to begin with and when we told him we needed a minute to decide, he disappeared and didn't return for more than ten minutes. 
You just have to be careful because this is the kind of place where the waitstaff asks you if you more chips (for example) making it sound like it's a free refill when you already paid for the chips and salsa (which most Mexican places serve for free). Additionally, when we ordered them, the waiter asked if we wanted guacamole with them too, again making it sound like it almost comes with it when it's actually $10 on the menu. They also push you to get drinks. 
However, the food was very impressive! 
The tortilla chips had just the right amount of sea salt and tasted very homemade. The salsa was pretty thin and okay, nothing outstanding, but decent.
We shared the watermelon salad, which was cubed watermelon, jicama, pepitas, avocado, mint leaves, arugula, with achiote vinaigrette, which was spicy and slightly sweet. Everything seemed very fresh in the salad, but it was on the spicy side for me. The sweetness of the watermelon helped tame the spiciness though. 
For my entree, I ordered the chicken tinga tacos. This was 3 corn tacos with pieces of chicken marinated in chipotle, pickled cabbage, avocado, queso fresco, and crema (sour cream). These were very flavorful and it was an interesting combination with the pickled cabbage. The chicken was well cooked and it was not overly oily or salty. I also tasted my friend's brisket tacos which were cubes of brisket topped with scallions and salsa de arbol. This was excellent as well, although a tad fatty on some pieces. 
This restaurant also has a nice cultural vibe and is very bright and colorful. It was definitely on the louder side though.Great Mex done the right way. Nice atmosphere and staff was friendly and attentive. I will make it a regular .A local favorite. The nachos are a must when going here. We have never sat at a table, only the bar and we always come back. Great tequila selection, and spicy margaritas. Mexican food is by far my favorite, and they have this awesome habanero sauce that is amazing!  If you go, hopefully Maureen is behind the bar, she rocks!!Margaritas are great! I had the classic. We had a party of 4 and we all ordered tacos. I had the carnitas and appreciated the small dice of the onion and the salsa. Well prepared dish. We expected to pay for chips and salsa ( From other reviewers,) so we ordered Guac and chips. Some restaurants can make a real mess of a good quac but this was spot-on. Food comes out quickly, so if you want to enjoy a drink before dinner, wait to place your dinner order. We sat away from the bar where it was much less noisy so overall we had a nice time. Not sure I would recommend for very large groups. Overall would recommend and am interested in going again when the weather turns warm to see what they do with their open air seating.Came back for Manayunk Restaurant Week.  I ordered off the $15 menu and got the tortilla soup, cauliflower tacos, and margarita cheesecake.  Everything was delicious, but I wish my serving of margarita cheesecake was more than just bite sized.  Our waitress asked us if we wanted chips and salsa but failed to mention that it was an extra cost.  She also brought us our check and forgot to bring us our cheesecake at first.  Other than that everything was great and I'll definitely come back again.Went here for happy hour recently ... The food was decent that we had. I feel like they could expand their happy hour menu a bit or diversify. I had everything they had to offer and it was all pretty good.. But it did not knock my socks off. Good / strong margaritas were appreciated. Service was meh .. The server just seemed nervous and unsure a majority of the time. New place .. Always needs time to work out the kinks. I'd come back and try again.Way too pricey for the food we got.  They charged 9$ for a bowl of guacamole!  Would rather go to Johnny Mananas instead where the food is better.We tried Taqueria Feliz because we had such a good dining experience at La Calaca Feliz in Fairmount -- this location was just as good if not better. Had chips and very good roasted tomato salsa at the bar with white wine sangria which was sweet but not syrupy. Dinner was chicken enchiladas with red sauce, fish tacos in the tempura batter (not grilled), plus esquites and black beans with rice. How did we eat all that!? The fish tacos were absolutely wonderful. Enchiladas and beans/rice were good, standard fare. As soon as we ate the esquites, we were on our phones trying to figure out how to make these (but probably won't get to their quality!) Wait staff were definitely knowledgeable about the menu, and everyone was attentive but not hovering. Didn't have room for dessert, but would definitely leave room next time...if only we don't pig out on dinner again! A side note: Manayunk on a Friday is nothing like we remembered -- some people on the streets and some bars with good music, but not packed like in old days, and more empty store fronts than in the past. Hope Taqueria Feliz will bring the traffic!I recommend making a reservation if you are going on a weekend. The guacamole is delicious but kind of a small portion for the price. I've tried most of the tacos and they are all yummy. The cauliflower tacos are a great vegetarian option! The margaritas are good but not amazing. They have corona light on draft which is a plus in my book! The service is consistently good.  I wish the bar area was larger because it would be a cool place to hang out!So, this is a great little taco restaurant with unique and awesome food. From cow tongue tacos, lamb hearts to carnitas and fish tacos, this was a very accommodating restaurant. We went with two previous chefs from other Feliz restaurants, and even had some of their unique hot dogs as gratis appetizers. Six of us including a 19 month old went and we had a great time. Great food quality, great beverage choices and wonderful service!I really want to love this place but it always misses the mark for me. I have eaten here 3 times and I think I can say I get it. If you want good service sit at the bar. The shining star on the menu is the brisket options. I would go for apps and drinks at the bar but dinner just doesn't live up to other Mexican spots in the city.This place is delicious and good for vegetarians! My friends and I ordered off the lunch menu and each got either a soup or salad and various orders of tacos. The portions were large, esp my chop salad which was delicious. Even though I'm not a big fan of cauliflower, I ordered the cauliflower tacos and LOVED them. It was definitely something different but I'm glad I was adventurous enough to order it! The negative aspect of the restaurant was the service. It was really slow for the small amount of people present at the time. Otherwise I'd give them a 5 for the food :)This was probably the worst Mexican food I've ever eaten. We started with the nachos, which were decent. Then for the entree I ordered chicken fajitas. Terrible. The chicken was so over cooked and rubbery tasting. Also, not the traditional sizzling fajitas. It was a small chicken breast with a pile of melted cheese. The food is so awful and it's so loud you can't even enjoy a nice dinner. Never go hereThis was my first time dining here, so I won't give it 5-stars just yet. BUT, I really enjoyed everything about this place! The drinks were great (margarita), and the food was delicious. I had the pulled pork tacos & my husband had the chicken enchiladas. It was all very tasty. Can't wait to come back and try something else.Have been here with all different groups of people: large family gathering, small children and adults only celebrations. Each time we have extraordinary service and great food. Recommend the fish tacos!Best Chicken Tortilla Soup I've ever had!
Just off the Manayunk train stop, this is a fantastic Mexican restaurant! The ambiance is very cool and it's moderately priced.  I had Chicken Tortilla Soup and some Tacos, though I can't really remember the tacos. Not because the tacos were bad, but because the Chicken Tortilla Soup overshadows every Mexican dish I've had up to this point in my life. I'm not sure how they do it, but I'll definitely be returning for another bowl in the near future.This has become my wife and I's new go to Mexican place for drinks and a quick bite to eat. We've literally been here 12 times in the past 3 months (I just counted the reservations on opentable). The spinirita is my all time favorite margarita drink. The flavor changes occasionally depending on what frozen margaritas they have "on tap" but it's always delicious. Nachos and tacos are great and so is the service!We love this place! Excellent food and fantastic drinks! Probably the best restaurant in Manayunk! Try the street corn, the beef nachos, the tortilla soup and the coconut shrimp,! Guac is also the best I've tried around here! The margaritas and the palomas are soooo good!!!! 5 stars!!!!I'm a pretty big fan of this place. Their Mexican street corn is phenomenal. I'd have to say my favorite entrée here is their Brussels sprout tacos. Lovely atmosphere. Really good margaritas. Pretty decent service.*Restaurant Week Review*
A-Okay! This place was fun and festive and I enjoyed myself here but the food was not necessarily something I would write home about. 
The chicken tortilla soup tasted like ground up bean paste and I'm not a huge fan of beans so this turned me off a little bit, though my friend enjoyed it moreso. 
The tacos (chicken and cabbage) were also decent - nothing to wow! about but satisfied our hunger. Could have been a bit more full/flavorful.
The best part was we each got an appetizer, tacos (3 small ones) and a dessert (a scoop of icecream or gelato) for $15 each which is the maximum I would be willing to pay for a meal here - it wasn't that filling since portions are relatively small but it was a good sampler compared to the regular price of just the taco entrees ($12-$15).Stopped by for dinner, as a few people had recommended this place to me. So a friend of mine and I stopped in last night. We sat down and the server came over and said "should I start you off with some chips, salsa and guacamole?" We said yes, not knowing later we would be charged almost $9 for the guacamole alone! That was not a pleasant surprise when the check came. The margaritas were small for $8, so I would skip that next time or get a HH special. The food we got (enchiladas and pork al pastor tacos) was delicious and pleasantly surprising. To me, the portion size was not equivalent to how they were priced. The service was OK, it seemed like the waiter was distracted by other tables and it took us a while to get our drinks and the check. I would probably give it another try but it won't be my first pick.Aaaaand I'm done here. I guess I'm a glutton for punishment - but I tried to give this place another shot yesterday (note: my 3rd and final attempt) Immediately turned off by how rude the Sunday daytime hostess was - she gave us about 1.5 seconds to decide if we wanted to sit at the bar or a table before asking again with an extreme attitude and eye roll. We quickly just went to sit at the bar to get away from her.  The bartender literally just slapped menus down in front of us and walked away .. never said Hello / how are you? / what can I get you ? Etc. My friend and I work in restaurants and are just baffled at how this whole place has continued for months with this vibe. Whoever is hiring / supervising these workers with sour unwelcoming attitudes needs to be fired. I would love to love this place - it would probably be my go to on Main Street if everyone here didn't suck so bad. We chose to not stay yesterday based on this experience and took our business elsewhere. It's understandable that new restaurants need time to work out the kinks .. But especially during this time your FOH staff should be on point and friendly to customers. It's inevitable this place will fail on a street lined with other dining / bar options. Don't waste your time or money here !Excellent chicken tinga tacos, guac and house margaritas. Have also tried the crispy grasshopper tacos. Weird but good. Their lunch special is awesome for the amount of food you receive. Definitely our Mexican go-to for something nearby.Guacamole starter with chips and salsa was great! Mexican corn side was my favorite! Also liked the al pastor tacos and Mahi Mahi tacos. Originally told our wait was up to 30 minutes for a table for 2 and we ended up waiting 5 mins. Service was friendly and attentive. We will be back again.Hair in my entree. Everything else we had was mediocre at best. Ew ew ew #getittogether #unsanitaryTaqueria is awesome ! Katie the bartender is amazing! She was so attentive and she brought our drinks out within less than a minute (I had to take a bathroom break but she made our drinks within lightning speed!)Best chips and salsa I've ever had. I love that they come out warm. I've been here several times and have always enjoyed my experience. The wait staff is friendly and efficient. The food is amazing- I've had tacos and "big plates" and you can't go wrong. Everything is very flavorful and, since you've already filled up on chips and alcohol, just enough. I have 2 reason why I don't go there more. They aren't deal breakers but worth a mention 1) cramped inside/loud when busy  2) a higher price than sometimes I want to pay for Mexican (although always worth it).I have driven by this place so many time and always say I am going to try it. The place is really cute. Very colorful and fun inside as far as decor is concerned. I sat down and was greeted right away by the manager. My server, Jackie, was really nice. I asked her about the nachos and the pork carnitas tacos. She said the nachos are HUGE. I like when a server is honest about the food. Now take it I am not looking for fine dinning, I am here on a Saturday afternoon looking for a quick bite. Jackie was quick, polite and knowledgeable! Perfect for a place like this. This place is great for big parties! I can imagine bringing 10 plus people for happy hour and then dinner and having a fun experience. I will tell you this, as I sat down and ordered I looked at the Yelp reviews and thought, "uh oh did I just make a mistake?" I ordered a margarita on the rocks with salt and I got just that! My margarita had plenty of salt! Perfect! So as I sat there reading, I thought I hope I didn't make a mistake! I am so happy to report that I LOVE this place! My pork carnitas came out perfect. There were 3 to an order. My tacos were crispy on the top and then juicy when I bit into them. The perfect mixture of onions, cilantro, avocado and sauce. I am really happy that I stopped in and will definitely be back. I highly recommend this place! Manager, service and food was great! A fun taco/margarita joint! Don't listen to all the reviews. Be subjective! A lot of people just want to bitch for a free meal! Not this veteran!Ohhhh- never again. Went with my friend last. Surprised to see that it was packed and a 30 minute wait. The guy at the front door was extremely nice as was their hostess, he offered us to wait to at the bar to be seated or we could eat at the bar. 
I don't think I have ever met a bartender that was more rude than the one we experienced last night. I get, I used to work hospitality, when the place is packed you are busy and in the zone. He didn't acknowledge us ( fine your were busy), didn't give us menus for over 5 minutes, then just gave us one menu to share when there was a stack of them sitting behind the bar. After 10 minutes we ordered our drinks, it took about 5 minutes for the pitcher of the margarita/sangria mix to come out. I will say the drinks themselves were very good, in his defense he may be able to do he actual job, but man if you are that miserable and rude why don't you  work somewhere else.
 The waitress was a bubbly blonde with a huge smile and was really nice, she checked to make sure there wasn't meat sauce in the dish we wanted to order. I think her name was Brittany or Anna- anyway she was a very nice server. 
Nachos weren't bad, the street corn was in a super soupy sauce, not bad but someone in the kitchen has a heavy hand with the liquid smoke. The food wasn't anything compared to La Calaca in Fairmount. I will say that they had a beet salad that was pretty awesome though, it was one of their specials the waitress told us about.
Food was a 6 or 7 out of 10. The place was super packed and their seating layout was everyone everyone jam packed next to the next table. The crowd was also a bit younger than I had hoped. I don't have anything against anyone who is 21-25, but they do kinda wreck the experience of just having a nice meal with a friend and a few drinks when they are having a shouting match of who can talk over who because they are all *blitzed* at 8 pm on a Thursday night. One kiddie next table over, less than two feet away, was stumbling drunk when she left.
I was surprised that the meals were so different between this location and La Calaca in Fairmount. They are supposed to be owned by the same people. i don't know- super rude bartender, packed house with kiddies that want to get crunk on a weeknight, and being packed in like sardines.....I would rather just go to La Calaca and enjoy my meal and not be rushed. Sorry Taqueria, I wanted to love you.Seriously, one of the best things to happen to manayunk.  Great food, great atmosphere, and always pretty good service!  We go here on a weekly basis sometimes and Taqueria Feliz never disappoints.  The food is always delicious (same for the drinks!).  Would recommend this place in a heartbeat!Very bad acoustically! Could hardly hear each other talk across the table from one another in the small room on the left. That was exasperated by a large table of loud people.Guacamole was flavorless. Had no Onions or tomatoes. Did not see or taste cilantro either. The salsa was flavored with chipotle which was not good. Had a blackberry margarita that I would not order again. Everything was extremely overpriced. If you love Mexican food, this is not the place to go for it.The food was good-- I had the cauliflower tacos, which I thought were really unique and a pleasant surprise for a vegetarian (something other than a bean burrito, yay!).  The guac was basically like all other guacs.  The 3 chili marg was good. 
The service though, that was the let down.  Would've been nice if our waitress didn't spend most of the time talking to her friends seated next to us about how drunk they all got the night before.I LOVE MEXICAN FOOD. 
Atmosphere : chill and dark outside and indoor seating 
Let me start of by saying do not DO NOT go to this place on a whim plan ahead and get there on time. I have been wanting to visit this place since we moved months ago. My boyfriend and I planned a date night here and it was a total bummer. We were running a little late, we questioned still going because the kitchen closed at 10 but we said screw it a good place to eat is a good place to eat no matter what time. NOT THE CASE.
We got in around 9:10 and ordered right away... 
It started of with our server asking my boyfriend if he wanted a corona on draft NOT MENTIONING it was corona lite we looked over the menu and asked her to change it to the bottle reg corona. 
I asked our waitress Kendra what kind of margaritas they had and she gave me a list (great) then I asked which one she would suggest she read the list again ??? 
I ordered a passion fruit margarita WITH salt when our server Kendra brought it to me it had little to no salt on it. We're thinking okay not a big deal. Then we get our food .... Okay you know from the 1 star rating this isn't the good part.
The price would've been alright if the food was amazing again NOT the case. 17.95 for fajitas that tasted like they were microwaved. 
My boyfriend will eat anything so him saying his food was good doesn't really count. 
While we were at the movies I was DREAMING about steak fajitas. When I took my first bite I wanted to spit them out. I had such high hopes for this places sadly I was let down. 
Sorry if this was a buzz kill.My party of 4 came to Taqueria Feliz last night for dinner and had a great meal! To start off the queso fundido with chorizo was absolutely delicious I would recommend you try it ! I had the Carolina BBQ shrimp tacos and they were also very delicious ! I felt that the servings were very appropriately sized and I did not leave the restaurant feeling hungry.  We of course had some frozen margaritas. I tried both the strawberry and the pineapple/strawberry swirl margarita, both were very good with an appropriate level of alcohol in both drinks. Lastly, our server was great! He was present at the table and kept our drinks refilled. We will definitely come back to this restaurant again!My husband and I recently came back from a NYC trip. While there, we had tasted amazing brisket tacos at a contemporary Mexican bistro in Midtown. When we got home, I immediately searched for brisket tacos near us. That's how we came upon Taqueria Feliz (thanks Yelp!). My husband picked up take out from here last night and it was delicious. The food was promptly ready for pick up. We got an order of Korean BBQ tacos and Suadero tacos (each order came with 3 tacos). Both were absolutely delicious. I added sliced avocado from my fridge on the suadero's which I'm sure may be an option in the restaurant. The brisket was in cut in chunks, as opposed to shredded (which was how we had them at the other place). One critique would be that the brisket be more tender, but maybe that was because it sat for a bit while my husband drove home. Either way, this is a solid place for tacos.We came here because a friend recommended it. We are so happy we did. The food was amazing! We went on a Sunday night and they have sangria for $5! We were sat promptly and ordered the guacamole and chips for an appetizer and our meals were the fish tacos and the pork carnitas. The pork carnitas were delicious! I ordered the fish tacos with one grilled taco and the other tempura fried. I honestly can't pick which one I liked more. They were both so tasty. I can't wait to go back!My boyfriend and I have been anxiously waiting for Taqueria Feliz to open and we were not disappointed! We showed up this past Friday at 7:30 and were told there was a hour and a half wait.... not a problem since the bar area was fun and the waitresses/bartenders very helpful.
We sat down just when we were suppose to and everything was fantastic! We started with the classic Feliz margaritas which were awesome. Then we shared the guacamole/salsa appetizer which was a little smaller portion than I was expecting due to the price but it was very delicious! 
For our entrees, I got the crispy fish tacos and my boyfriend got the brisket tacos.  We shared the mexican street corn. Everything was delicious but the brisket tacos and street corn were INCREDIBLE. 
We almost got dessert because everything sounded good but instead we just went for 2 more margaritas :) 
Definitely check out this new restaurant -- you will not be sorry!!Couldn't wait to try this place..my brother was in town Saturday with his wife for a long layover so I took them here.  This place could be really cool but it misses the mark.  Service was excellent but a little too in your face.  The margaritas tasted good but were not nearly strong enough- not at all.  Not impressed by the guacamole either for 8$.  The shrimp ceviche would've have been awesome if it had vodka in it.  It tasted just like a Bloody Mary.  The fish tacos and the al pastor tacos were delicious.  I hope taqueria feliz can figure it out.  Fix the drinks and I would come hang out at the bar and eat fish tacos.Their vegetarian tacos are delicious - and they have more than one of them on the menu!  A rare treat for a vegetarian like me.Eh, the food was tasteless and cold. I wouldn't say this is authentic Mexican. Service was good howeverEverytime I have been here the food and drinks have been great. The service is always good. The food is just a little to pricey.Mouth watering good. Not the same old Mexican fare. Unusual flavors and food combinations.  I enjoyed it very much.Awesome tacos- I had chicken tinga tacos. Perfect portion. Delicious margarita. Had seasonal cheesecake for dessert. Good outdoor seating. Allows dogs for outdoor seating, which is a plus.Carne Asada was delicious! Perfectly cooked. Nicely spiced. Side of grilled scallions was interesting. Smoked pepper was spicy! Generous portion of guacamole and pico!
Shrimp tacos were good. Sweet sauce was tasty! 
Didn't get any drinks but they do have Don Julio 1942!! Do wanna come back and try that.
Service was good and quick. Taco Tuesday's are $3 off! Wish they had $1 tacos or something like that...I had a really great experience at Taqueria Feliz. Granted, they had just opened and we were the only people in the restaurant, but we were extremely well attended to by staff. As for the food, the guacamole appetizer we ordered was huge and totally addictive.  anytime we ran low on chips the waiter brought more over (without being asked). We both ordered the special - two tacos al pastor with a beer for $10. Fantastic deal and fantastic tacos! The pork was salty and juicy which played off the sweetness of the pineapple and the lemony cilantro all on top of a fresh tortilla. Our entire meal was around $25 and we both left full and extremely satisfied!My boyfriend and I went here on a whim for tacos last Friday, SUPER GOOD! We both got margaritas one frozen and one in the rocks both great and strong! Then started with their fiery crab guacamole which was soooo good with the crab as suggested by our server (who was super sweet btw!) the salsa that comes with it was super good too! I got the chicken tinga tacos and he got the Carolina BBQ tacos which he looooved! You get there's tacos with each Order and they were loaded up! We also got the street corn to share, make sure you mix it up to get all the saucy goodness from the bottom! 
We will totally be back! And would recommend to anyone looking for some good tacos in manayunk !It's tough to curry favor for a Mexican restaurant in this area with all the good choices around.  Ended up going for Manayunk restaurant week which I applaud this place for being the only good deal on main st.  Ended up getting the tostada de chorizo for an app which was presented well but made it standout. The pork tacos for an entree were good overflowing but I've had better.  The dessert was just standard breyers strawberry ice cream.  In additional to the meal we had the sangria which I found disappointing compared to other places such as Tinto or the Melting pot.  Beer selection was okay and I also got the tequila flight which was a nice to have on the menu.  Service was great very friendly and ambiance was loud and chaotic.  It's currently the hip spot to go on Main st as the new kid on the block.  Seems like it'll have staying power but there are better mexican choices out there.The word that comes to mind for this place is "bleh". It wasn't bad but it wasn't great. Totally satisfactory but nothing special. It's not authentic. My friend ordered the Kale salad and I ordered tortilla soup . They both were simple and well done. The service was great though. It's an ok spot.Noisy and tight but good food. I had the fish tacos. Very good with a generous portion. Side of really good guacamole mmmm!  My sister had the mushroom tacos. Very very small portion-wise. She wasn't impressed with the flavor either they were just ok. Next time I will try something more adventurous. Maybe even the cricketsAs a lover of Mexican/Tex-Mex/Latin American cuisine, I was thrilled to see Taqueria Feliz open up on Main Street. I will be brief with my review:
Pros: Colorful, pleasant atmosphere. Seating is not too cramped, great spot for a Friday night date. Servers are pleasant and prompt. I got queso fundido, a personal fav, and was very satisfied. Prices were decent too.
Cons: Chips and salsa cost extra. Margaritas are very weak. I found the selection to be a little Americanized, which isn't necessarily a bad thing. 
I will definitely revisit this restaurant. The energy of the staff was very positive and the ambiance of the place was inviting. Stop by if you're in the neighborhood, but you may want to pregame.Stay away from this spot unless if your looking for a visit to the emergency room 
I hate their fish here also my had fish tacos as well and we both got really sick went home and started throwing up. My stomach felt like it wanted to explode, all night tossing and with this burning sensation. After a long night of this I decided to go to the ER because I couldn't take it anymore. So when I met the doctor he told me it's is definitely food poisoning from the seafood that I had from this restaurant. So the next day I called to reach out to the GM which is Anthony and he did nothing to help me and didn't seem to care. I tried to work with him but he didn't care for my health. So just watch out from this place.I had heard really good thing about this place, so I decided to drop in for some dinner with a long lost amigo for some guac and catching-up.  I must say, they've done great things with the place.  It's super cute!  We got a nice little table for 2 and began to chat.  Our waitress took our drink order... which was great... and then asked us if we were ready to order.  I hadn't even looked at the menu yet.  I wanted to relax and enjoy a drink and relax and relax and relax... and yes i know i wrote relax 4x.  That's how much I needed to relax.  Our waitress came back 30 seconds later to see if we were ready to order... at which point we quick looked at our menu... but again got distracted... but not for long as she was back quite literally 2 minutes later for our order.  Again, we told her we weren't ready... and this time we focused on giving her what she needed so we could buy some time to chat.  
We decided to split the chips and guac... and I got the cauliflour tacos... and she got the fish tacos.  Then we began to chat... and this time we had a lot more luck.  The guac came out in like 5 minutes which was great.  It was really delicious.  I enjoyed the consistancy in that it had nice big chunks of avocado in addition to the more pureed down stuff... and a really great spice and lime flavor.  It also came with a mole salsa that was really smoky and delicious too.  The tortilla chips seemed to be made there which was great... and they had lots of salt on them... not too much... but i hate it when a place makes chips and forgets the salt... these were perfect.
So we got to chat... and munch... for all of 5 minutes... and then our entrees came out... we had been there for less than 15 minutes for a nice RELAXING dinner... and i was already sitting in front of my entree.  I should mention that the restaurant was fairly empty too.  I don't consider myself an inconsiderate diner.  
So now our dinner is getting cold... and we're trying to catch up... but finally the pace was in our control so we took our time and ate at our own pace.  My tacos were pretty amazing.  The cauliflour was fried which was oh so yummy.  The order came with 3 tiny tacos that togehter constituted a pretty decent meal.  They were accompanied by some nopal, and this green sauce that was pretty perfect as a complement.  I really can't complain at all about the food.
The second I finished my 3rd taco, my plate was taken away which i'm not a huge fan of.  I feel like it makes the person I'm with feel rushed... and rushing was NOT the name of the game... but apparently that memo was missed.
We took a desert menu... not because we wanted desert, but because we wanted to gain some extra time to breathe.  Upon not ordering desert, our check was promptly brought out... and before you know it... we were just monopolizing a table.
All in all, the food here is great, but the service was better suited for lunch, or maybe down by the stadiums where people want to get in and get out?  I really was looking forward to seeing my friend and having an opportunity to chat over a nice meal.  It just didn't work out that way.  I'd be back...but only with the expectations of a really quick meal!I like this place a lot. It's a right up there with the best Mexican food places. I never crave to go here though, it must be the prices.I was extremely pleased with the service at Taqueria Feliz. Despite the restaurant being full with people even standing at the bar, we were seated right away with our reservation. 
The waitress - a young blonde who I forget the name of unfortunately - did a tremendous job. Possibly one of the best in recent memory. The restaurant was packed and she never slowed down. To start, I don't remember her even writing anything down. Everything was by memory. She knew all the drinks on tap off the top of her head and the menu inside out. As the evening went on she noticed one in our party who ordered a pina colada frozen margarita but had only taken a sip or two. Without hesitation, she asked if something was wrong with it as she was walking by to run a check. The girl in our party said she didn't like it and the waitress replaced it without charge. This was even more impressive considering how busy it was. Everything was prompt and our drinks were never empty. On top of all that, drinks were strong which I greatly appreciated. Very impressive.
The food itself is good. My Korean BBQ tacos were great. The guacamole, however, was average. It did not impressive me despite the high price. Overall a great experience but if you're a Mexican restaurant (and I use that term loosely since the place has Korean BBQ tacos.. which is obviously not Mexican), you have to nail the guacamole.
Points for: Service, service, service. Strong mixed drinks. Korean BBQ tacos
No points: GuacamoleThis is a cool place to enjoy tacos and a margarita. The decor is colorful, fun and whimsical, its bright blue and yellow facade really stands out from other Manayunk eateries.
On Monday nights they run a good deal: $10 special pork carnitas which includes a can of Tecate beer.  The place was buzzing mostly with twenty somethings, and the windows were open to the cool evening air.  The Feliz Margarita is very tasty and has enough booze in it, no need to order anything top shelf or exotic and its fairly priced at $7.50.  Another bargain is the large bowl of house made chips and salsa for $1.50.  
As to the tacos, the taste/quality seem to vary. We had the brisket which packed a good amount of spice,but the lamb barbacoa was dry and lacking much flavor.  On a previous visit I had the chicken tacos which were good.  Really wished I had gone for the pork carnitas and so next time will give them a try.
Overall, recommend.Came here last Thursday with my boyfriend for happy hour drinks and an appetizer.
Initial reaction was that I was in LOVE with the decor, whoever designed the restaurant knows interior style, it's adorable. We got there around 5 o'clock and it wasn't very busy, a couple people at the bar watching the soccer game and as we hung out a few groups came in for dinner.
We each started out with a blood orange margarita ($5.50 for the happy hour margaritas plus $2 for the added fruit) it was meh for me, wasn't crazy about the fruit flavor & I usually love blood orange, my boyfriend thought it was okay. I followed up with a regular margarita which I highly preferred in taste & the price was more reasonable for happy hour. 
We split the nachos ($10 I believe) and they were out of this world! So good and probably the best I've ever had. We got beef added (+ $3) and I would say pass on added meat, we barely noticed the beef and they definitely stand on their own without any meat. The cheese blend was perfect and they were tasty and filling! You get a fairly large plate and it was plenty to fill us both up. 
Verdict: great place for house margaritas and nachos on a quieter weekday. Can't comment on entrees or weekend crowds but we will definitely be back to try some other things out!Huge fan of the nachos here (large portion, covered in everything you could ever wish for) and their margaritas are amazing! If you like plaintains, I also recommend that side dish. My biggest complaint is the wait; the last time we were here, we waited more than an hour for our food to come, only to have a manager arrive to re-take our order... it wasn't a good day.Guacamole was amazing with homemade chips. We got the Korean tacos and the Monday special carnitas and Tecate. Rice and beans are also really good!Poor service , food was not great and drinks were expensive with no kick !! The chipotle sausa was not good ! Very disappointed.We had an amazing meal tonight at Taqueria Feliz! To start, I had the passion fruit margarita (one of the specials) and my boyfriend had the Feliz margarita (happy hour marg). We also had chips and guacamole, which to our surprise also came with salsa. Of course, we filled up a little too much on chips and margs before our main entrees came- fish tacos (grilled) for me and enchiladas pollo for him. Everything was delicious and ingredients better and fresher than some of the other Mexican restaurants in the Philly area. We will definitely be back, and I look forward to trying the outdoor seating!I have never been disappointed here. Hands down best nachos in manayunk! Great for a fun dinner out.