If I could give a negative star this one would be 5 negative stars; nothing about this place is good except for the location. 
Dated interiors made even more shabby due to negligence, one could still live with this but disgusting left over food in their so called Indo-Chinese buffet is what makes aye experience worst. 
Upon seeing the food I was hesitant but then my concise kicked in so I went ahead, unfortunately though, I could not overcome the disgust at stale, almost certain last night's leftover food. Spaghetti with some greens is what they called Indo-Chinese chow mein. Naans were stale cold and when I asked the server, he goes those were brought in 10 mins ago. Upon insisting, he went in with the Naans from counter and came back within a minute. With microwaved Naans in hands, he presented them as fresh. 
I didn't even 1 spoon and decided I can't play with my health. 
Do yourself a favor folks, live healthy !! 
Refuse the crap being served in the name of Indian food at this place.I came in today for the first time and it was disappointing. I won't return. The lunch buffet looked kind of sad, especially compared to the great buffet at Sitar. The selection was minimal as was the amount of food left in the trays. The waitress forgot to bring us our drinks, we had to ask twice. The food we ordered off the menu was pretty good, although not quite what it is like at other Indian restaurants. Some of the items on the menu were not as pictured.Went in to try the dinner buffet yesterday. I wish I could go back in time and change that decision! Worst food I ever had from anywhere. The biriyani was stale! Every other dish in the buffet was super salty, should be at least a couple of days old. Not just that even the water served was too bad. I am shocked to see such a bad restaurant is still open & doing business at a location where we have a bunch of other Indian restaurants nearby serving great food. The local health and safety authorities should step in and review their food and hygiene. I am sure they will not be disappointed!Chicken karai was good. Indo-Chinese dishes are not up to the mark. Food took forever to come.I got disgusted by this place... Eh I really want to throw up, nothing is eatable, yuk!alright first let's start with the bare basics.  food. 
the service here is great, mind you the population is not so I'm glad the service is fast.  the food while not the absolute beat I've ever had, was pretty good.  I did the buffet, my favorite dish had to be the tandori chicken it was well prepared and spiced, juicy and all around very satisfying.  
The place is good, near the university of Pennsylvania and a large amount of the student housing.  
it is fairly priced, and they do offer discounts for university students so it's an even better deal for you if you're in school.  
the gentlemen there was pleasant and polite, I was seated the minute I walked in, and overall would probably go back at some point.  mind you, I'm in no rush but that's just because I'm a college student.... hope this helps, any questions or comments feel free I'll be checking my reviews regularly from now on.Nice place and few people. We dont have to wait for seating. 9 dollars buffet of Asian food is awesome. Perfect place.Worst restaurant experience of my life!!! 
All gravies taste the same, look the same, and are identical. Everything is extremely salty and covered with excess flour to the point that it tastes like flour balls in salt gravy. And the cherry on top is the service.
Do yourself a favor, STAY AWAY!!!Now I know why I am the only customer here on a Sunday evening. Fusion Indian and Chinese food just doesn't work. Great service, but not the food.Food was tasty but it is extremely expensive for the small portions they provide. Service needs improvement and kitchen could be a little faster.Poor veg food. The tadka dal had no tadka. The lahori channa was just boiled channa. Very disappointing!My visit to Tarka with my boyfriend was like something out of a comedy. We had been curious about the restaurant since it opened near where we live. I discovered Indo-Chinese food when I visited my boyfriend's family in India last year, and as an ABC, I find this genre of food rather fascinating and amusing.
We had read the terrible Yelp reviews beforehand, and an Asian colleague at work had also warned me that the food was awful. Being our adventurous selves, however, we wanted to check it out in person. A deal on Groupon gave us the motivation to go. We joked that we should find a day when we could afford to suffer from a stomach upset the day after.
When we arrived at the restaurant, we were greeted by a very nice waitress. She brought a pitcher of water to the table, then commented, "oh, I should bring you fresh water," and disappeared back into the kitchen. We looked at each other quizzically -- what does she mean by "fresh water"? We saw some pitchers of water sitting on other tables, and I wondered how long they had been out.
We then looked through the menu and picked out the most characteristically Indo-Chinese items we could find: sweet corn soup, Gobi Manchurian, chilli paneer. Why not maximize adventure? The sweet corn soup arrived soon after and turned out to be fairly tasty. As we took our first spoonfuls, we remarked that it had different ingredients in it than what one would find in India -- pieces of shredded cabbage, carrots, and so on. My boyfriend jokingly commented that it even seemed non-vegetarian, although we had ordered the veggie version (maybe it had chicken broth?). I pointed out something in my soup spoon that was brown and twig-like. "What kind of vegetable might that be?" I asked. My boyfriend said it looked like the leg of an insect.
An insect leg...?? Upon closer inspection, I had to agree with him. He also looked closer and concluded definitely that it was the leg of a cockroach. I had to agree with him on that point, as well. I've found bugs I accidentally cooked into my own food before, but ... I ***HATE*** cockroaches!! And it was perhaps more disturbing that the cockroach leg was still very recognizable, suggesting that it may have fallen in after the soup was done cooking....
We decided to complain to the management and go somewhere else for dinner. We'd seen more than enough of Tarka. When my boyfriend called the waitress over and showed her the cockroach leg, she exclaimed, "Oh my GOD!!!!" and scurried back into the kitchen. She came back later saying she was terribly sorry, and it was entirely up to us whether we wanted to stay or leave. She said the cooking staff had told her "we are having problems with the soup only -- the rest of the dishes should be fine." Hahaha.
We finished off our evening at Zavino's.Worst ever in US, very disgusting bland food, defamation of authentic Indian and Desi cuisineWeird service, no service at all I guess. Food is ok. Naan was dry but tandoori chicken was good. Just 1 dessert, rice pudding for buffet! It was Sunday evening, place was empty & most of the foods were cold. Sad experience...Great place for cheap all you can eat meal. The only think you need to eat is the biryani. It is so good. Idk why people hate on this awesome place. As a student coming to have unlimited food for about $10 it's great. If you want quality food, don't come bashing here about their food and service. What do you expect for $10.I am trying this place out tomorrow, though something strange.  Not only do they not have a wine list, they do not even allow you to bring your own bottle.  It was explained that since their establishment is Halal, any alcohol is forbidden.  So a delicious cocktail across the street first, then a nice Indian/Pakistani dinner here !Tarka is an interesting experience. I must say off the bat that 10/10 I will never come here again, but that's because there are better alternatives to the multiple cuisine types they cook here. 
As a Halal/Chinese/Thai/Pakistani/Indian/Sushi place that was created from a forgotten Chili's, it serves a less than half bad dining experience. The environment is bland and boring as could be. There are plenty of TV's and speakers, but none are turned on. Instead, you dine in silence.
For the discerning palettes who may want to try it here, understand that right off the bat you are easily getting one of the most authentic Middle Eastern experiences in Philly. While immediately it appears as a front for money laundering, after the first hour of waiting, you can literally feel the authenticity. It's sunny and hot especially when seated in the east room as you are literally baked to death by the reflection from the neighboring glass skyscraper. The AC is either non-existent or refers to a type of food that I don't want to try. Coupled this with very lax service, you will experience second degree dehydration. If you survive however you will be served! 
The food is ok, it isn't great. Much of the food has the implication of being spicy and saturated with flavor, so ask for a pitcher of water for just yourself (Good luck getting it with ice). The one major plus is that the Naan here is excellent. Baked fresh upon order it's buttery, warm, and soft. 
The owner is a passionate man, who very much cares about his customers' happiness. However, he doesn't seem to know how to run a restaurant, so don't be surprised if you're here for at least 3 years and are accompanied by tumble weeds. If you have never explored a cave in your life, take a trip to the restrooms. 
All in all Tarka is a place you can get food. Yeup.Probably the worst Indian restaurant I've ever been to. Service was friendly, but slow. I had paneer masala that was as watery as it gets. If you are starving and this is the only place to eat, go here. If not, find another place to go.Food is really great at this place, everything you find is authentic and reminds you of back home. We ordered chap gurda and tawa chicken with sesame naan every thing was delicious and spices were perfect for our taste buds. Will come back here again and try other stuffReally good Indian food, perfectly spicy if you ask for it. And big portions at a really good price!Wow!  We went to Tarka for the first time this week, not knowing what to expect.  We are so glad we went.  Although the decor is less than lovely, the food was absolutely spectacular!  We loved the BBQ Special Platter, as well as the specialty nans and chicken tikka masala.  We can't wait to go back and try other menu offerings.  And the fact that this restaurant is Halal allows us to go out to a nice dinner with our observant Muslim friends.  What a great addition to the neighborhood's dining scene.Impressively bad buffet restaurant for lunch.
Arrived around 11:30, and there wasn't another soul in site. The waiter was very nice though, let me seat wherever and dropped off a glass and a pitcher of water. The pitcher was pretty dirty. 
On to the food.. the only things that are good are the plain rice and the red chicken, although the chicken is butchered in a very unconventional way. All of the stewed looking meats were pretty awful.
The onion rings were cold but decent, for cold onion rings. 
On the bright side, it was a very cheap mistake.This one of the worst restaurant that you can take your family or friends. The place is totally Untidy. The food is pathetic. The noodles were dipped in oil. Chilli fish is not cooked. Chicken 65 would die if you know that it was made like that. Please do not go and avoid. Strict NO NOWent there last week for lunch buffet, Sitar around the corner appeared to have been shut down (temp or not) by the health dept! They had yellow tape blocking the front door it looked like a crime scene!  I loved the people but it was really sad excuse for an indian buffet. Onion rings and what looked like general so's chicken? really? In an indian restaurant? May be I will go order off the menu.The appearance of the place is a bit run down. 
The food options are limited. But the taste of the food is alright. I liked their noodle, chicken, chicken curry, and beef curry (a bit more salty and spicy). For the price we're paying ($10 buffet + 25% off student), I'll come back.Words can't explain how upset I was after leaving Tarka. The environment is such a downer and looks like there was no thought put into the decor. To be honest, I hope they get shut down. It's an empty restaurant in every sense of the word. There's only one server which makes sense considering it's rare to see people in there. The server also understood that concept which is why he was so pushy and ended up making us feel so uncomfortable. The food was not anything that we expected and we felt the need to go eat somewhere else after we wasted our money and time here. Don't go. Wait until the space gets replaced with a real restaurant.Ordered items that I am very familiar with (behari kebab, tawa chicken, naan) to assess the quality for the first time. The kebab was great but the tawa chicken was a huge disappointment; it was not only not authentic but also too spicy (and this coming from an Indian who likes spicy food). All in all, the food was good. The waiter/owner, on the other hand, was racist against Indians (made very clear by his remark on the nearby Indian place) and he apologized when he found out that we were Indians. Anyway, I would like to see what kind of Haka preparations they do but I wouldn't want to be served by that guy again.Disorganized, unprofessional, uncool. And off the charts delicious food.
The chef simply knows what he is doing and takes the time to make it well. This means wait times are long, dishes are more expensive than places that cut corners with ingredients, and the menu is impractically unwieldy because there's passion and know-how to make an overwhelming range of things.
If you know what you're doing (and what you're doing is looking for a satisfying, high quality desi meal), come here. If you want a curated, whitewashed, efficient meal, stay away, you'll hate it here.I feel bad not giving this place a better review because the service was so good and I can tell that they really want to be good to their customers and do well. However, food quality is more important to me so here it is. This place is fairly new in University City taking over Chili's old spot. The menu comprises of various cuisines including Chinese, Indian, Pakistani, Japanese, and Middle Eastern. We tried this Pakistani fried chicken which wasn't bad and a fish dish which was mediocre at best. The prices are a little steep for the quality of food you're getting but the portions are generous. The décor seems a little dirty and outdated for some odd reason and it would be nice if we didn't have a fly swarming around our table while we're eating.When entering this place, I did not expect much. In all honesty, the place looks like it is supposed to open next week.
That said, the staff was really friendly and the food tasted great. I went for the buffet menu and tried all vegetarian dishes (about 6 different types of food). 
The food had bold flavors, tasted fresh, and was less greasy than I am used to. I was full, but didn't feel stuffed. 
5 stars for the food, -1 for the lackluster atmosphere. The latter is easy to fix and is hopefully a temporary thing because the place is still so new.This restaurant serves different types of Asian dishes: Indian, Chinese, Japanese (sushi) and Pakistan. The first thing I noticed was that the place was a tad plain with TV on in the background. This place is pretty quiet and good place to come to chill. The waitress sat us promptly and was polite.  She was friendly and tried to liven up the atmosphere. However my order was messed up, so I was charged main dish prices for the appetizers I ordered.  When I told the waitress this she was more than happy to correct the change. 
It seems to me the restaurant opened prematurely so they don't have the sushi menu and some other random dishes. Although the restaurant has much to improve the food makes up for it. The naan was the BEST naan I've had in a long time. They make the naan fresh on the spot so it's super soft when you bit into it. I thought the serving size was perfect for a dish. It was enough to fill you up and not too much food where you feel super bloated after stuffing yourself. Some improvements that this place could do would be having napkins out on the table and getting better speakers or having more TVs to make this place more lively. Overall lots of room for improvement and a good place to drop by just to try the food.I went for lunch buffet at this place. Although the ambience is really good, every item in buffet menu is cold.
For instance, who likes the chicken biryani served cold. one beef, 2 chicken and 5 vegetarian dishes in lunch menu. They can easily do away with a veg item and put a goat dish may be.
Also, chicken seemed to be few days old, hard to chew and swallow.
I am going to try Sitar next time, its right next door.Worst food ever!! Like are u serious you guys call yourself and Indo-Chinese place! I wanted to throw up after taking the first bite of Gobi Manchurian and Chili chicken!! Never gonna waste my money on this restaurant again!!Yelp, please have 0 star rating.
Could not have been more pathetic I guess. We ordered lahori chana (which was made like dal of their standard), dal tadka (tadka meant chat masala only, i wish i knew), paneer butter masala (paneer in tomato sauce). Half cooked naans which were actually smelling (how could they).
Guys atleast could have added basic spices and salt.
Joke of the day
Guy:Do you want any vegetables?
We: Sure, what do you have?
Guy: NothingStopped off on our way to Sitar. Wanted to try something new, although my better half resists. The buffet was skimpy. The food was lukewarm. The Chicken Tikka was missing & wasn't replenished despite requests. The naan was doughy. Rice pudding was fine. Spinach was fine. The waiter was very friendly. It will be a long time before my wife allows me to try something different.Brand new place so they are still figuring things out.
I tried their buffet, many vegetarian options. I would say it is tastier (crisper  flavors if 
that makes sense) and less greasy than Sitar (which I like a lot and go to often).
Chickpeas were amazing, but I tried about 5 different curries and they were all very good. Solid nan. Super welcomed new addition to the Penn lunch scene.
No reason not to try this place out.Food is amazing. Service is very slow and for the price,  the portions are small when you order off the regular menu. The buffet is a good value.The Okra was amazing! Our food came out in a timely manner. The greeter was also the waiter , odd but everything came out fine.Decided to try this place out because there are no indo-Chinese places in Philadelphia. Overall pretty good food. I recommend the chicken manchurian, lollipop chicken , and lamb chops . Def will be coming backThis is the worst restaurant I have been to in my whole life. First of all, there was a huge party going on which meant that the whole restaurant was filled with a bunch of loud people who also blocked most of the entrance to the restaurant. Further, no one greeted us inside the restaurant. Once we got a table, the girl didn't even change the old jug of water laying on the table. Then, the food. Where do I even begin? This food made me sick. This is an extremely unsanitary place. Further, they BLOCKED the exit to the restaurant because they were having a group prayer in the restaurant. Now, I understand that but that doesn't mean you have to make it difficult for other people to leave the restaurant. I tipped them a negative of my entire bill. WORST RESTAURANT IN PHILADELPHIA, UNSANITARY AND UNSAFE. DO NOT GO. Also, I'm Indian and this is the worst indo-chinese food I have ever had.The food was good, but not worth what I paid for. Service was great. Unfortunately I was the only person in the entire restaurant until I was almost done eating and then 2 more people showed up. My waiter was great and very kind. Just wish my one small plate of chicken didn't cost $17 with tip.The restaurant opened about a month ago, and I just came here for the first time. They don't have the entire menu available yet - most of the Chinese food is still unavailable. 
We ordered the Regular Family Dinner, which comes with kebab, a whole chicken, rice, and naan. The food was OK, nothing special but not bad either. 
We were the only ones in the restaurant when we came, but the service was not very good. They only filled our water cups once, and we had to wait over 10 minutes for them to come over when we wanted the check. We couldn't even call them over, because there were no employees in sight. 
I probably will not come again, but maybe it will get better once the restaurant is fully open.Tarka is an interesting place with good food, a menu two miles long, and a ridiculously unappealing ambience.
I ate the nihari with naan. The naan was outstanding--fluffy and buttery like the inside of a Philly pretzel. It was easily the best naan I've ever tried in the U.S. or India. The nihari wasn't much to look at--just some chunks of meat in a soup bowl of gravy. But it was absolutely delicious--the meat melted in my mouth and it was spiced to perfection: not too mild, not too spicy, very fresh, with cilantro sprinkled on top. I've always held nihari to a high standard--after all, this is the "simmer all night" dish--but this nihari met my standard.
Now the bad side: this is not at all like a professional restaurant. The décor has not changed since its shut-down Chili's days, and there was one lone waiter serving a parking-lot-sized dining room. Not that there were any other patrons aside from me, which made the half-hour wait for food quite surprising, and not in a good way. The sushi chef actually wandered over to my table, seemingly bored out of his wits, and asked me if I wanted to order, when my order had already been placed.
So, all in all, enjoy the food--it's up to you to make the ambience, though.Don't go there ever. Super slow service. One soup took literally 20 mins. Food smells of weird oil. Complete waste of time and money.I went with a few friends and we ordered several dishes to do family style. We each ordered one dish and a few sides to share, and had a bit leftover. The waitress and other servers seemed new but friendly. The food was amazing, but that's where anything good stopped. 
The ambiance was non-existent, and it looked like the only thing they had done in terms of decoration was add the sign out front. The lighting was terrible and cast a dingy glow over the dining room, and the food did indeed take over half an hour to arrive at our table. 
Overall, I would have said it was a good experience and they will catch on quickly as a new favorite in UCity since the food was good and the rest could be improved over time. However, they charged me TWICE for a $75 meal. I am not even sure how this happened, but it looks like they charged me once without the tip and then again with the tip. Over $150 for one evening. That's a pretty serious mistake to be making as a new restaurant. 
Looking forward to trying them again when they are more experienced with service and redecorated!A friend of I were excited to hear that there's a new establishment taking over Chilli's in University City. We realized that they opened a day ago and jumped right into it to try it out the "authentic asian cuisine" that the restaurant offers.
Upon entering, it felt as though the restaurant wasn't really open - probably because part of it looks like it hasn't finished renovating yet. The layout remains largely similar to that of Chilli's though the bar is not yet functional (or will never be).
Food wise, the menu boasts both Japanese, Chinese and Indian food though when we were there, only the Indian food was available. Prices were fair and the menu also contained many platters that seemed to be suitable for large parties (6-10) people given the price it was sold out.
We decided to go for the buffet menu. We found this to be the familiar option that both Sitar and New Delhi (other competitors in the nearby vicinity) offer. While the variety of food choices was definitely less than that of its competitors, the food was good enough to satisfy us!
We'll probably be back to check it out once more when the restaurant is fully open to check out how the rest of the menu tastes like.The kheer (rice pudding) here is delicious. The first time I tried it here, I was taken back to India. All my road trip memories of India came back fresh; sitting by the side of road and eating with the locals. ..Yum!This place is so awful, that I took the time to download the yelp app and set up an account to write a review. I tried 10 different buffet dishes and they were all equally horrible. ALL of the buffet food was cold. The chicken tasted dry, old and suspiciously fatty. Even the oranges and cantaloupe for dessert were an utter disgrace - the oranges were dry and shriveled, cantaloupe was haphazardly chopped, dry, nowhere close to ripe and bitter. To top it all, some dude was cutting tiles or something in the back. Unfortunately, there was ZERO saving grace (not even the bread or rice) for this place. On top of wasting my money, I'm going back to work nauseous.I was a bit worried when I walked into Tarka and we were the only ones in the restaurant....at 7pm on a Friday.
The waitress was really nice, but also really new and didn't know the answers to many of our questions.  She had to refer to the owner and chef for each of them.  She handed each member in my group two separate menus: one sushi menu and one east-asian menu.  It was a little overwhelming, to say the least.  I think having one concise menu with fewer options would be a little better, oh and spell-check works wonders.
I ordered the chicken fried rice and my other friends ordered various types of sushi.  My fried rice wasn't appetizing at all and I simply could not eat it.  However, on the other end of the spectrum, my friends RAVED about the sushi.
Overall, the experience was ok, a little slow, not so great fried rice, but good sushi in university city.
TL;DR: don't order anything but sushi.Good good, good service, good prices. The serving staff was welcoming. We were pleased with the quality of the food as compared to the other buffets.The good: Great prices, especially if you get a student discount, delicious food, they usually have at least 2 vegetarian entrees available, good naan and chai tea, amazing rice pudding (kheer), and friendly service. 
The bad: The buffet is a bit small. I wish they had more options, especially vegetarian dishes, because the food is really good. Also, the chai tea is a bit too milky, which takes away from the flavor. 
Overall, you're getting a great deal for your money, so I'd definitely recommend Tarka.There are mice. There are mice. There are fucking mice!!! The buffet food obviously sits out for hours and the service is bad. I could deal with that but today I saw a mouse and that was the last straw. I liked going because of the 25% student discount but they've already had health code violations and they still have mice!Awesome food. The chicken lollipop and chicken karahi that I  ordered was awesome. I travel a lot and stay in California and I find lot more flavors in california. This place is equally awesome and visited twice there. The hospitality was very good. I really loved both their food and their hospitality.My stomach is still bothering after I ate here.   To the person that ate here on 4/8/2018 in the previous post.   You actually thought some of the left over food was good?  You should've resisted and went to Sitar or perhaps somewhere else outside of a 5 block radius.Amazing food, especially for non vegetarians craving some good meat dishes in Indian style. Refreshing experience, as opposed to trying the same old, orange, buttery gravy that most meaty indian dishes in the US inevitably have. Great value for the money you spend, especially for the buffet.I want to look over dictionary to find out what is the meaning of authentic.Disappointed..... Gobi manchurian was cooked gobi in tomato ketchup gravy.... Does not want me to go back to get more from this place.....I forgot that I was not going to come back after the first time, but it's Easter and nothing else was open.  My stomach is a little achy after eating here for a second time.  I wish I checked all the Yelp reviews first, I definitely should have.  The health department review is very concerning.  How is this place still open??  
The Birhani had rice that was uncooked and hard.  
They cover the buffet with plastic wrap.  Plastic on a hot surface which might come in contact with food can be toxic from all the BPA leeching in.  Owner clearly did not learn from his first health inspection.  He doesn't  care because simple aluminum foil would not cost him that much more to use as a cover instead of plastic.  He should not be operating so close to the universities as the potential to get many students sick is very high.
Yep, I feel my body is weak.  Stomach is definitely achy.  If I get food poisoning, it won't be the last they hear from me.The food was good but I was misled by the pictures outside because it's mainly an Indian buffet. The pictures outside looked like Chinese food.LUNCH BUFFET: The food variety is disappointing (especially when compared to Sitar's lunch buffet next door which has more options) and quality is mediocre, however you can surely fill yourself up for an only $6.99 lunch buffet. 
TAKEOUT: Samosas are delicious, and Chili Paneer is flavorful and spicy.Came here last night for dinner. Ordered lamb chops and manchurian chicken. The lamb chops were fantastic and I highly recommend them (they were big and came with lots of rice). The Manchurian chicken wasn't bad either. We had to order fried rice with it because it didn't come with any side. We also had a kulfi for dessert which was pretty good too. The service was good, and the atmosphere was a bit dim but not terrible. Overall I thought this place was definitely worth a try and I'll probably be back to try other stuff and get another order of lamb chops.Oh My God!!! I have no clue how this place is still allowed to operate by the Health Department.
Just because on Christmas Day Sitar, the next door Restaurant was closed, I took my Guest from NJ there for lunch.
Never again I will step in nor would refer or recommend this place to anyone. 
They are damaging the Image of Indian Cuisine.
Don't waste your time and money thereL&I please help this was the worst restaurant experience I ever had the floors were dirty food was nasty I will never go back again.I tried this place because of the great buffet price, but the food here is very disappointing. The fresh salad was nice, but the hot buffet dishes were still partially frozen (vegetables, the middle of samosas), sauces are thin, watery and oily with hardly any flavor. If you want incredible Indian food in university city, for $3 more you can go to New Delhi. Tandoor and Sitar are much better also.I decided to go here on a whim while looking for lunch in the area. I wanted to go to Sitar India, but it is closed on Tuesdays. I walked in here thinking "why not?" There are many reasons why not. I disagree with the other reviews who say it's dirty. It's not dirty. In fact, it's quite clean. However, the food is just bad. The food lacks flavor, and they clearly do not know how to cook proper Indian food. It is supposed to be the richest, most flavorful, most complex food on the planet, and they just rip it apart. To call it Indian food is an insult to the entire sub-continent. There are so many better options in the area (Sitar India, New Dehli). Go there. This building used to have a Chili's inside it. I wish they hadn't changed.If I could give a negative star this one would be 5 negative stars; nothing about this place is good except for the location. 
Dated interiors made even more shabby due to negligence, one could still live with this but disgusting left over food in their so called Indo-Chinese buffet is what makes aye experience worst. 
Upon seeing the food I was hesitant but then my concise kicked in so I went ahead, unfortunately though, I could not overcome the disgust at stale, almost certain last night's leftover food. Spaghetti with some greens is what they called Indo-Chinese chow mein. Naans were stale cold and when I asked the server, he goes those were brought in 10 mins ago. Upon insisting, he went in with the Naans from counter and came back within a minute. With microwaved Naans in hands, he presented them as fresh. 
I didn't even finish 1 spoon and decided I can't play with my health. 
Do yourself a favor folks, live healthy !! 
Refuse the crap being served in the name of Indian food at this place.OMG, who would go here after reading this inspection report.  EEWWWW!
http://pa.healthinspections.us/_templates/551/RetailFood/_report_full.cfm?inspectionID=80E8216C-EAB2-D424-D8093490AD12F17B&domainID=551&userID=0Food was good.  Kids loved the lollipop chicken.
It was a bit on the dirty side, but not unbearable.
Will be back.Tarka is definitely one of my favorite restaurants in the area. The shikh kabab special is absolutely spectacular (beef and chicken both good), and the samosas reminded me of home. Being an international kid, this was heaven to me. The two waiters, Majid and Ahsan, were very kind and attentive. They provided us with excellent service, and even struck up a conversation to keep us company. Overall, I would definitely give Tarka a 5/5. I would recommend it to any foreigner in town, or even Americans who want an adventure.Just got shut down by the health department, here's the report. Tarka Resturant
3801 CHESTNUT ST 19104
12 violations, 7 serious. Mouse droppings throughout kitchen and on food contact services; roaches on floor in food prep area; drain flies; food safety person not present; open employee beverage in food prep area; kitchen hand wash sink blocked by coffee machine; moldy onions in storage room; food not cover inside refrigeration units; no chemical sanitizer used on equipment and utensils after washing; chicken held at temperatures known promote growth of hazardous bacteria;  all shelves need to be cleaned due to food debris.With so many delicious Indian restaurants within just a few blocks of this place, I have no idea how this place is still in business.
Most importantly, the food was downright disgusting. We were the only people in the restaurant (probably the first sign that we should have left), so we ordered from the menu as there was no buffet. 
I got the aloo gobhi (spiced cauliflower and potatoes), and everything about it was just wrong. The cauliflower was gray and overcooked, there were a few sad wedges of pink tomato, and the sauce was thin and oily. My group ordered a few appetizers, and most of them looked and tasted like they were taken from a box and popped into the microwave. I've had better Indian from a freezer at Trader Joe's.
The decor is still leftover from when the place was a Chili's, which I totally wouldn't care about if the food was good, but that combined with the sad dishes just made it a really awkward and uncomfortable experience all around. 
Spend your money at Sitar, New Delhi, or literally any other restaurant in University City.The restaurant was rather empty, however they took almost 45 min to serve me the 'bones' of the lamb, in other words, almost no meat, and of course overpriced. Besides, the waiter was in a bad mood. So far one of the worst restaurants I've been while living in Philly.This was the single dirtiest restaurant I have ever seen in my life, on 5 continents that I've traveled to. 
You do not want to eat here under any circumstances, because you are seriously risking your life.
We were starving and short on time, so we ducked in for a quick dinner buffet. The food was absolutely terrible. Unfortunately, I didn't start noticing how awful the interior was until we had committed by taking food from the buffet. In retrospect, I would have just left the food on the table and walked out. But no, we actually tried to eat it. One thing for sure is they don't serve meat, only bones. Yes, bones, unless you consider cartilage meat.
But the carpet....My god, the carpet! Matted down and sticky to the point where I didn't even realize I was standing on carpet at first. 
The final act in this tragedy was when I went to use the bathroom. I'll spare you the graphic details. But lets just say that based on that, a shutdown is definitely in order. The proprietors have absolutely no regard for those who enter, or for their own livelihood. Disaster waiting to happen.I love trying out new places that open in the University City area, so Tarka immediately caught my attention when I was walking by one day. Upon walking in, the restaurant looked... kind of dingy to be honest. It seemed like there was still the look of the old Chili's and, for some reason, the feel of dirtiness in the restaurant. This may be attributable to the fact that construction wasn't 100% finished yet, so hopefully the ambiance will improve as the restaurant becomes more established.
Our waiter was really nice and seemed to understand the menu pretty well. Their menu was super extensive, containing dishes from all kinds of Asian cultures (Japanese, Chinese, Indian, Pakistani), though only their Indian/Pakistani and a selective list of Chinese dishes were available at the time that I went. I was surprised to hear that many of the Indian/Pakistani dishes didn't come with rice or any type of other carb (na'an) and that you had to order a side of it separately. So, depending on the dish, be prepared to add an extra $2-3 if you do want to eat your dish with rice or na'an.
Probably one of the most disappointing aspects was that my friend and I were one of two tables in the restaurant, and despite the waiter telling us that it would take 15-20 minutes to get our food, in actuality, it took more than 30 minutes! They definitely need to improve on getting their wait time down, especially if they start to have more customers.
I wound up getting the Alo Gobhi (a cauliflower and potatoes dish) with a side order of na'an, and my friend got the Lamb Chops, and the first thing that I noticed was the stark difference in the sizes of our dishes. The Lamb Chops were HUGE and came atop a giant plate of rice, while the Alo Gobhi was served in a much smaller bowl. There was no way that I could have enjoyed that dish without the side order of na'an though. I don't eat meat, but my friend said that the lamb chops were very tasty and had just the right amount of toughness in its texture. I also thought the cauliflower was very flavorful - it had just the right amount of spiciness, which was a bit unexpected! Though I thought the na'an was a little burnt (I always expect na'an to be softer and chewier rather than crispy), the cauliflower with the na'an tasted very good together.
I'm not sure how much luck Tarka will have with Chinese and Japanese cuisine, so I guess I'm pretty anxious to try out some of those types of dishes here. I don't think that during my first visit, the food was worth the money that was paid, but I am willing to give this place another chance after it gets some time to settle down. (Cannot say enough about the kindness of the wait staff though - one of the servers ran half a block to return my headphones that I accidentally left on the booth chair).The best, freshest sushi in University City hands down! We were a bit skeptical at first, but have been blown away each time by the quality of the food and the attentive service. A definite must try.Maybe they've been reading its yelp review, the place is pretty clean when I went. For $7 lunch buffet it was comparable to New Delhi.At first, we were unsure about trying this place for lunch and that is because the sign said "authentic asian cuisine"but they had indian buffet. It was basically sushi, Chinese food and indian food all at one restaurant. Since im really into authentic food, we decided that we will eat here.
We started it with the Alo Chana appetizer which was chickpeas, tomatoes, potatoes and yogurt with some delicious naan bread. I got beef kabob and my friend got lamb chops. My kabob was so dry that it felt like I was eating thin paper. The lamb chops on the other hand were very good. It was an interesting experience and I would maybe give this place another visit.This place is awesome! They have the best chicken in Philadelphia. Chicken Manchuran and Chicken Ticca Masala (6 pieces BBQ or platter) are my favorites. Don't forget to order extra Butter Naan:) Very friendly staff and traditional place. Highly recommended.Tarka is awesome - their menu is packed with delights (you can't make a wrong move) and the environment is beautiful and atmospheric. My favorite spot for Indian food in Philly.We were just back from St John USVI and a little shocked by the cold weather back in PA. We stopped at Tarka quite serendipitously.  It was nearly empty which worried us a little but what a good experience!!!  Our waiter was very pleasant to deal with. We had a hot and sour soup that was just meh (this is aDESI place so I think it was just not what we expected very different from Chinese ). But we really enjoyed a salad of chick peas tomato and arugula with this EXCELLENT spicy tamarind dressing and we had tikka masala which was to die for. This place should be busier than it is!