An update to my previous review, still my favorite indian food in the city. Also, they have a happy hour every week day 5 to 7 and a late night happy hour on food and drinks. Spinach Chaat, GOC Naan, Butter Chicken and Lamb Rogan Gosh are my favorite. It's my home away from home. Thank the lord for this place, possibly the only indian restaurant in Philly that can come close to eating in India.Great ambience,  slight mix up. With table availability but they made up for it with the free round of drinks.Three of us ate early here (6pm, Thurs 12/29), and the food was very good. The service was, well, frenetic in that there were so many people milling about, and the nine dishes we had seemed to come from nine different people. Perhaps they were expecting a large crowd, but it was a bit distracting. We sat close to the kitchen, and a way station. There were several glass crashes during our meal, so we were on our toes.
Highlights were the Shikaari Vermont Quail, Wild Venison Tenderloin Soolay, and Royal Baby Spinach-Arugula Salad. The plain Naan came with three "dips" (one a powder) that were all very good. I tried the other dishes but cannot remember which was which. The venison was just five or six slices on a bare plate, but was so savory that I would have been satisfied with that alone.
$55 bottle of wine was not worth it, but the Kingfisher beer was a cheap, tasty alternative. Would definitely try again, especially since it's in our neighborhood.Tashan's atmosphere is elegant and classy. The food is delicious with a fusion twist. The staff is friendly except for the manager... Thus my 4 star rating. Last weekend we took another couple to Tashan since they have never been. It was my third visit. I called BEFORE coming in to clarify the BYOB policy. A female answered the phone and told me that the restaurant was BYOB and had NO corkage free. This was great! As we were seated, the waiter (who was extremely professional and friendly) told us there would be a $25 corkage fee. I said, HUH? The manager comes to our table. Ghetto fab, by the way. He reiterated the policy (like I didn't hear it the first time from the waiter) and told me that was what we had to pay even though I was given the wrong information over the phone. FYI - there's no corkage fees on Mondays. I'm sorry but you're in the restaurant business.... have a little customer service skills. He didn't even apologize, just continued to tell us what we had to pay. Other then this issue, the food and wait staff is great!Amazing! Tasting menu is great everything was awesome!! One of the best restaurant experiences I have had in philly!
Stop reading and go!After checking out the menu and reading the reviews, I was very excited to try Tashan.  
I am happy to report that I had a phenomenal experience.   We were promptly greeted by a very friendly, welcoming and accommodating hostess who seated us at what I think was the best seat in the house.  The restaurant is  decked out tasteful modern décor that promotes a fun and exciting experience.   Out server was very attentive, knowledgeable, and personable.  He was a big part of our wonderful experience.
Now on to the food!  We started with three small plates.  The Gol-Gappa had great flavor and the presentation was fantastic.  We were a little surprised at how cold the potato filling was inside.  I understand it's not a warm dish but didn't think it would be refrigerator cold.  Regardless, it was packed with flavor and quite good.   The 2nd small plate was the Baby Octopus Nicobari.  This was absolutely perfect.  I don't think I have ever had octopus so tender.  Lightly seasoned and accompanied by a slightly spicy pepper sauce, this was a 5 star dish all the way.  The third small plate and possibly my favorite of the night was the Kobe Chopan Kebob.  The presentation of this dish is interesting to say the least (depending on your imagination) but the flavor is out of this world!  This was a fantastic five star dish.  Perfectly seasoned and perfectly tender.  I honestly contemplated not trying anything else and ordering more kebob's.  It was that good!  I am glad my wife talked me out of this because I then would of missed out in the Tandoori Butter Chicken.  This is an entrée sized portion that we split.  The sauce in this dish is rich and delicious.  The chicken was tender and full of flavor but when the chicken ran out, we were perfectly content scooping up every last drop of the sauce and eating it over rice. This dish is tied with the Kobe Chopan Kebob for my favorite dish of the night.  I am excited to go back and try more but I know that the Kobe Kebob and Butter Chicken will always be a part of any dining experience I have there.  
Well done Tashan!  I'll see you soonA few thoughts on the five course tasting menu (for two):
One course = five bites.
Five bites of this, five bites of that - is there a way to divide five bites between two people evenly? Hmm....
"We almost forgot - here are your brussel sprouts."
Umm...you have to wonder, if the last dish of course four is a big helping of chili-lime brussel sprouts, they must not have much confidence in their desserts. Unless brussel sprouts are what you typically have for dessert, obviously.
Mi casa es su casa.
Now entering THE restroom. Genesis had a song called The Chamber of 32 Doors... I'm pretty sure there is some futuristic unisex thing going on here, but I couldn't quite figure out how it works... Ladies, be careful who follows you in there.
"Finally, for course five we have MEH three ways."
Seriously, the crispy spinach salad was way better than any of the desserts. It was the highlight of a somewhat inspired but not at all memorable meal.
Vanilla sorbet, served cold, check.
Tiny plastic cup of MEH chocolate mousse with heavy cream, served cold, check.
Mini Creme Brulee around a Gulab Jamun, served cold - WTF?
"Waiter, this Gulab Jamun has been murdered!" And who has ever heard of Creme Brulee served straight from a refrigerator? Can I get some cold french fries with that, monsieur?
Overall, God help us if ordering from the menu isn't more satisfying than this.
Note: This review has been edited for people who don't understand what "tongue in cheek" means.Just a warning to anyone doing business with these guys. Don't! They stiffed my printing company out of several thousands of dollars and they wouldn't even consider doing trade to pay off their obligations. Bad karma!Great food - great atmosphere- great service!!
I am pleasantly surprised at how good this place is. Before headed here I knew it was in the top 25 places to eat in Philadelphia but I didn't have a high expectation for it. Im glad I came and ate here. The chicken biryani was great - the small was big enough for 2 people. Samosa chaat was tasty and tandoori shrimp was well done.   
The decor is very chic & trendy abate a bit dark. The unisex bathroom is cool. 
I'd come back again if I'm in the area.My first time, with the  Restaurant week multi-course menu -- the friend who brought me was right, it's super food, with a good fusion edge to some of the Indian-based menu. This is a restaurant, not  a curry house! Service kind and polite, ambiance pleasing in my view, i'll be back and bring people for sure.Wow! Tashan has been on our must-try list and we read about their half-off happy hour specials and made it in for it. We sat in the cocktail lounge and received wonderful service.  Our server gave us drink and food recommendations and he was spot-on.   All of the drinks are 1/2 off from 5-7, which is a great deal considering that the martinis were then about $5 each.  They also have a special happy hour food menu with about 8 choices ranging from $3-7 each.  We ordered a bunch of items and then decided to get the lamp lollipops from the regular menu and the creme brulee for dessert.  Everything was excellent! I don't usually eat lamb, and this lamb was the most tender and flavorful meat I have ever had!  We had a great time and will definitely be back!  
The decor reminded us of chifa, it was dark, cozy, slightly eccentric, and trendy.  It is a restaurant where you can for a special occasion or a nice date.  They provide free valet service, which is awesome since parking anywhere around Broad St can be tough to find and pricey.  
The food is just as good, if not better, than Amada, Chifa, and some of the other top restaurants in Philly.  The menu is diverse and has a lot of options, including vegetarian.  It is not strictly Indian, per se, and people should give Tashan a try even if they haven't tried Indian before.  The food is so tasty and they use a lot of cilantro, so if you like Thai or Chinese, you will like Tashan.Since it has opened, Tashan has been on my list of places to try and their recent restaurant week special sealed the deal.  And so a friend and I came here for dinner.
We started with a white wine blend, which was tasty and served nicely chilled.  We also got the "flat" water, which tasted like it had been filtered after coming out of the tap -- nice.  For food, we started with the octopus, which was expertly roasted so as to border on having a crunchy exterior and was served with a tasty sauce; it was some of the best octopus I've had, in terms of both texture and flavor.  Next we had the scallops.  These were nicely fire roasted, but fire roasting didn't work as well for the scallops as for the octopus; still tasty, but I prefer other preparations.  The scallops were accompanies by a nice sauce, but would have been better with, say, a veggie puree.  
Next we had the "Indian" portions of the meal.  The butter chicken was superb.  The free-range chicken tasted distinctly better than typical mass-market restaurant chicken.  And the sauce was so good.  The accompanying rice was great for absorbing that sauce.  So was the delicious garlic-onion-cilantro (g.o.c.) naan.  Finally, the mixed-vegetable and rice hot pot was nice -- especially the baked-bread lid on top -- but could have used some more sauce (we made do with butter chicken sauce).  We were nicely stuffed after all that and we skipped dessert.
The servers were friendly and were reasonably prompt in refilling glasses of water and wine.  It seemed a bit excessive, though, that we dealt with about seven different staff people.  First, it's a bit disconcerting to have a new face for every other interaction and, second, if you think it'd be impressive or something to have some sort of service ballet, get it right, and make sure that each person on the team knows what the others have done (which, of course, is practically impossible in a restaurant).  
The decor was subtly lit dark wood and leather with some color provided by flowers; I feel kinda neutral about it.  The prices were on the high side, but not eye-popping.We loved this place! We came for a special evening - our anniversary - and we were ready to splurge on the tasting menu. 
They made it entirely worth the investment. The starters were delicious, especially the goat cheese/saag appetizer. The 3 different kinds of nan were piping hot and both crispy/toasted and chewy - yum. Standout dishes were the mussels, split lobster, lamb chops, and the white sweet potato side dish. We barely had room for the dessert tray, which included house-made vanilla bean ice cream, creme brulee with a soaked donut in the center, and the best fresh donut I've ever had. 
What a great meal! Enthusiastic service, quiet & relaxed in the back room, so you can hear each other speak. A lovely evening. We already loved our neighborhood Tiffin takeout, and this is an entirely different experience, well worth it.In a nutshell: the ambiance was awesome, but the food was inconsistent.
I took my mother and boyfriend out to dinner here two nights ago as a special treat for my mom. The first thing we noticed upon entering was that the dining room was beautifully decorated and very dim lit: perfect for a romantic evening.
I was very impressed with the extensive and diverse wine list; in particular, I enjoyed the variety of wines that could be ordered by the glass. Also, I was pleasantly surprised that they had Yards' Philly Pale Ale and other craft beers instead of those snooty or commercial beers you usually find at upscale restaurants.
We started by sharing some small plates. The Gol-Gappa ($7) had a bit of a stale texture, but we didn't mind too much since the Mangalorean Sausages ($11) and Samosa Chaat ($9) were super delicious and since everything was beautifully presented. We were also surprised at how little heat was incorporated into these dishes since this is an Indian based restaurant. I expected the sausages to be brimming with heat because they were described as "chicken-vindaloo" which is traditionally extremely spicy, but I hardly detected anything. I am definitely NOT one of those people who puts hot sauce on everything and can eat habeneros whole, but I would have enjoyed these small plates more with a subtle background of heat.
We each ordered our own main dishes. My boyfriend is vegetarian and was a little disappointed that there WASN'T a specific vegetarian section in the menu because, when he looked at the menu on the internet, an extensive vegetarian list was presented. He had the Dal Makkhani ($14) and wasn't too impressed; he remarked that the texture wasn't as velvety as the menu described. 
My mother had the Kashmiri Lamb Shank ($28) and was thoroughly satisfied with the deep hearty flavor. The lamb fell right off the bone, and it was obvious that this is the dish you have to get when you come here.
I decided to go big and had the Goan Masala Dusted Lobster ($37) and, although I was impressed by the amount of lobster I was served, I was extremely disappointed with its preparation. It was overcooked and rubbery, and for that price, I would have much preferred less lobster cooked to perfection. The lobster dish was also just that: lobster. There were no sides of vegetables or rice, so if you order this, prepare to eat just lobster. I guess this is what I get for ordering lobster at an Indian restaurant.
We shared two deserts: the Kulfees Trio (Indian ice cream of Mango, Kesar - Pistachio, Rose: $7) and the Masala Donut (12 spice Fennel sugar, chocolate mousse, cardamon syrup: $8). The donuts (three mini donuts which were perfect to share) were freshly prepared and super delcious, especially when dunked in the warm and flavorful cardamon syrup. The ice cream had good flavor, but unfortunately the texture was a bit off. It was as if it were freezer-burned: icy and crunchy.
So, there are some highlights, but you sort of need to know what to order if you don't want to waste a whole bunch of money. In the end I think I'll just stick with Tiffin to avoid spending an arm and a leg.Finally got here, but it did not live up to all the hype. It was good, but lack a little in the food and service.
The tandoor shrimp was average and gummy - would have preferred it to be more crisp with more flavor.
The calamari was the highlight - great sauce and taste, and for $7 a very good deal.
The  Gol Gappa - (Hollow durum puffs, spicy potato filling, tangy mint-cilantro water) were very good in my book, but my better half didn't care for them. 
The G.O. C. Naan was excellent.
For dessert we ordered the homemade donuts and 2 coffee. The donuts arrive before the coffee. Our server said the coffee would be right out. We waited 5 minutes for the coffee, but nothing. So we asked another server if he could assist in getting our coffee. 2 minutes later our server brings over the coffee w/ apologizes (and said it was comped). That was very nice of him to do, but then he departed and we tasted the coffee which was luke warm at best. He brought out another pot which was hot. However, the coffee itself (which was a Hatian deep, dark blend was actually the complete opposite - it was a very light blend, with no real taste or flavor. They probably just didn't use enough beans to brew it properly.
I want to go back and try the chef tasting that looked amazing at the table next to us - but my better half said she was so unimpressed that I'd need to find someone else to go with!Went for a late lunch with a party of 13 and the buffet was amazing!! It was our first time here and the service was wonderful and so accommodating for coming in at the end of the lunch hour. Some of us in the party had never experienced Indian food and they left full and happy :) I would definitely come back again and recommend it to friends!Worst dining experience ever. First it took 5-10 minutes to get a waiter (the restaurant was not very busy), then it took forever for the food to come and the portions were tiny, we ordered 4 dishes and they brought out every dish one by one but it would take 15-20 mins for each to come. Not only that but they forgot to bring one of the dishes I ordered and to top it off there was hair in my friends food and they didn't even offer to take it off the bill, when I got the bill it was there. Will never eat here again.The decor here is fabulous, but there are too many tables squished together in the middle, making it feel quite crowded, even when the restaurant isn't particularly busy.  On the night I was there, only 1/3 of the tables were full by the end of our meal, but we were all right next to each other.  The host should have spread out the seating.  I came for restaurant week, so got the four course tasting for $35.  The portion sizes here are smaller than you would expect at a typical Indian establishment, but that's okay when you are doing a tasting.  
I started with the samosas (saag paneer and chicken tikka).  The saag paneer was delicious with the spicy cilantro sauce.  The chicken tikka was average.  
For the second dish, I had the Gobhi Manchurian, which was very good--cauliflower fried in chickpea dough and doused in what they called chili-garlic sauce, but tasted more like sweet and sour sauce to me.  In any event it was very tasty.
For the third dish, I had the butter chicken with naan and basmati rice.  The naan was very good and the rice was well cooked.  The butter chicken was about four ounces of very tender chicken thigh (I'm guessing) absolutely doused in sauce.  The sauce was tasty, but I wouldn't have minded a little more meat with my dish.
For dessert, my sister and I split both the spiced chocolate lave cake and the creme brulee.  The creme brulee was very good (and here the portion size was huge).  The lava cake was all lava, no cake (i.e. severely undercooked), and I didn't taste any of the advertised spices (Coriander, cardamom, white pepper, cinnamon were all conspicuously missing).
Service was great, I liked the decor, but it felt artificially crowded, and other than the Gobhi Manchurian, which was excellent, I thought that for the most part the other dishes were good, but nothing you wouldn't see somewhere else (perhaps a few blocks away) for cheaper.Had dinner here and chose the tasting menu.  The wine was great.  Using an iPad for the drink menu is kind of cool but was a little awkward.  And that is for someone familiar with an iPad.  The food was very good.  Butter chicken and the basmati rice were especially good.  Naan and other breads were very good.  Quail was excellent.   They brought a great selection and we left very full. The crime brûlée was outstanding.   It was expensive.   The valet was very reasonable at six bucks.I rarely find good indian/pakistani food at upscales restaurants. Tashan was definitely not the case. Amazing bloody marys, BBQ, chaat and dosa! The staff was really attentive and friendly. I strongly recommend a visit if you're in Philly.I finally made it to Tashan last night and was impressed! Great food, great service, beautiful decor. 
Decor: Elegant and sophisticated in a black/grey/silver color scheme.  You may want to dress up just a little.  I felt like kind of a slob in my jeans and rain boots. 
Food: Excellent and surprisingly filling.  There is a long list of small plates and a few entrees.  Our server suggested 3 to 5 small plates per person.  I opted for 2 small plates and split an entree with my friend plus one order of naan split between 3 people.  First came the Malai Kofta lollipops - 3 lollipops per order.  Then the Paneer Shashlik - 4 or 5 small round paneer patties.  Both were excellent and honestly, I was full enough to stop there, but I still had the butter chicken entree coming.  It was delicious, but I couldn't really taste the difference between Tiffin and Tashan's butter chicken - and it was marked up by a few dollars more than Tiffin's. 
Service: very attentive,  friendly and knowledgeable about the food.  Maybe a bit TOO attentive at times.  Water never went empty. Silverware was replaced many times (unnecessary in  my opinion).
Price: about $50 per person including tip and one drink each.  Not bad for fancy Indian food in a beautiful setting. 
I'll definitely be returning to try more of these interesting small plates!Ok so Tashan I am disappointed 
The food was not bad.... but it was not great!!! Decor and bathroom are amazing 
Our server was excellent "Jason" I think... 
the presentation of the each dish was on point. But the authentic taste of Indian cuisine was just not there!!! And for a Friday night is was very empty 
Oh but Tashan your signature desert made me give u the 3rd starGreat food and excellent service. You have to ask for a vegan menu, but they have quite a few selections. I would have given 5 stars if it wasn't for the fact that they only offer one vegan entree. I usually end up just getting a bunch of appetizers, because I'm not really a fan of the one vegan entree they offer. Overall, though, the ambience and food are great and I would recommend going here!I'm gonna keep this to the point. So we ordered:
1) gol gappa  - the durum puffs were stale. bad.
2) spicy kakori kebab - the only decent item. good.
3) tashan vegetable plate - sad looking, exceptionally POORLY PLATED, BAD TASTING plate of uber limp veggies for $22.  seriously? too peeved for words.
4) Kashmiri lamb shank -  all I'm gonna say is this: if my 70 year old dad, whose palate is average, can tell that the lamb was cooked/boiled separately without seasoning and still tough as leather, and then just dunked into a plate of gravy... then the restaurant truly needs to fire its chef. 
After leaving the restaurant we walked across the street to Dunkin Donuts for dessert, and my dad commented "best part of dinner so far."  Epic Fail.Our feelings about this place have changed since our first dining experience here last fall.  We have been there a few more times since then and things have really improved.  The food is great, comes out hot, and at a reasonable time.  Our waiter, Jaison, was excellent.  Very knowledgable about the menu and great personality...much better compared to our waitress we had the first time (older blonde) who was MIA for much of our dinner and full of attitude.  Would definitely return thanks to Jaison!We love Indian food! And moving here from DC which has a plethora of India food choices has been hard... so I was so excited to check out this new Indian restaurant! It did not disappoint!
Owned and managed by the same people of Tiffin this is a more contemporary twist on Indian cuisine, with of course some of the "traditional favorites" such as Tandoori Butter Chicken.
Ordinarily I can't have Indian food without a extra spicy helping of Lamb Vindaloo, but I traded that for the Kashmiri Lamb Shank and it was amazing!!! I asked for it extra spicy, so it was a good thing that I got the Goat Cheese Naan to help cool it down. Yum!
We thought that the prices were very reasonable, especially given how large the portions were. We ended up taking home leftovers after ordering too much, which was not an issue, because just like Chinese food--- Indian makes great leftovers!
The interior space was beautiful and the staff was so nice. They had several large tables set up with big groups, so we will need to bring our families back here soon!Wow!  After the night I had at Tashan, I had to write a review. I recently bought the Living Social deal for the 5-course tasting menu for two. It was a great deal, and having been there one other time I figured why not.  My boyfriend and I took our neighbor -  we had the deal for two, and he ended up buying the chef tasting menu for $60 off of the menu to make things easy.  
This was the BEST deal I have ever gotten. The food just kept coming.  Even the menu price of $60 is more than fair for everything you get.  They gave us 3 courses of small plates to share for the table, but honestly we thought we got enough for 5 courses with just that. Then we had 2 large entrees to split, and to finish things off we each received a trio dessert sampler.  AMAZING. Everything was very tasty - the scallops were the biggest we've ever seen.  The menu was slightly different then the last time we were there, and it can be a tad intimidating... another reason to get this chef tasting, they plan the meal out for you. You will not leave hungry or dissatisfied! 
We had the NICEST waiter.  He told us he was new, but it didn't matter, as far as a service standard goes, he was great.The food is delicious! Generous portions, too. The best thing for me is the customer service. Everyone seems efficient and they seem to care about the customers' experience. They have a great  atmosphere inside. There is also a bar there--and there's outside seating.Claiming to be a FINE India cuisine but in reality it is just an ordinary India Resturant, if its not worst !!! Along with appetizers and other food, curries were horrible, apparently spices, cream and butter dumped together. I rather go to hole in wall place on 42nd and chestnut and enjoy decent indian food than paying ridiculous amount at Tashan. In regards to service, one even get better service at fast food restaurants. One of our main dish came just before the dessert, at least after 90 min since we had ordered. Two servers, on the night we went, spilled drinks on the guests, one was on our table - no apologies, no reaction from the manager - that is opposite to FINE. If you really want to experience FINE Indian cuisine, go to Junoon in NY. In Philly, simply go to any decent Indian resturant and you will get better experience and food. Tashan is ridiculously overpriced with no hint of FINE.I had another opportunity to try out Tashan.  I went with my cousin and we tried out the chef tasting option which let us select more varieties.  We tasted dishes like the red snapper, kobe beef kabob, spinach-kale paneer, scallops and dessert - creme brulee with gulab jamun and chocolate mousse.  Most of them stood out as creations ie the selection of meat and the sauces created for them.  The sauce in the scallops was very flavorful - had a masala flavor that was in enough quantities where even a non lover of masala might find delight in tasting it.  For someone who is a mustard lover, they will like the sauce provided for the red snapper. 
From this visit, I was able to appreciate that Tashan offers the opportunity to try the non standard meats with fusion of indian spices.   
For those who prefer the traditional flavors, there are some dishes to try out and they are pretty good. 
The place is packed on saturday nite and it gave the message to us that it is very popular and I could see that others are enjoying what they are eating.  
On both occasions, I was fortunate to find free parking either on broad street within 1/2 mile distance or better - on juniper st very close to the restaurant.Decors and ambiance was nice however sitting in a small tiny table was a terrible experience. My bf and I came hungry but seeing the size of the table made us order less food worrying the dishes wouldn't fit. We ordered the manchurian, biryani and tandoori shrimp, even having 3 plates in our table was difficult to eat around it. 
The food was ok. Small portion and slightly over priced.  The tandoori shrimp did not have a lot of flavor, it was simply grilled. The manchurian was definitely disappointing. It was not crispy at all, but the kick was the spicyness of the dish. I've had manchurian before but the heat of the dish was incredibly a flame thrower. The only dish I liked was the biryani. Had a lot of flavors and the rice was cooked perfectly. 
Service was excellent. 
Overall experience I give it a CMy friends, I was once just like you, eagerly combing through the reviews of Tashan, glossing over the negative ones in the hope that they were simply coming from the kind of people who can never be satisfied. I was wrong. Take heed, my friends. Don't skip the negative reviews of Tashan, because they are very accurate. First let me say that I am a foodie. As you can see from my numerous reviews on Yelp, I give credit where credit is due and I am honest about the places that fall short. I feel I have a very sensitive palate and am a professional writer specializing in food who has eaten in almost every US state as well as in Italy, Scotland and England. I am also an avid cook who tastes everything before sending it out of the kitchen. Therefore, I feel I have the expertise to comment and to have people take my comment seriously before spending their hard-earned money on sub-par cuisine. I'll begin with the good: The ambiance is fantastic, with dark, romantic lighting and rich appointments such as the carved wooden statue of Ganesha at the entrance. Free valet parking is available, and I must say I was impressed when, after we had dropped the car off two hours prior, the attendant brought my keys into the restaurant because it was getting late, and didn't even stick around for his tip. He parked the car right in front for us because the valet hours were over. The other servers were also quite attentive, and the waitress fully explained the menu and did not rush us even after they were closing up. She also allowed us to use a Groupon that we had just found out about on the way there. I purchased it from my phone while sitting at the table and showed the waitress the confirmation number. This gave us a five-course tasting menu for two for $69. My vegetarian date was also accommodated, which was fantastic. The wine list is formidable, and they have some selections from India. For these reasons, Tashan is getting two stars instead of one, which brings us to the food. (Deep breath)... the food is pretty terrible. I honestly feel bad saying that because I like to support chefs and independent restaurants, but unfortunately, I have to practice tough love here. We started with four appetizers: Palak Chaat, Gol Gappa, Samosa Chaat and Palak Tiki. All dishes were served either lukewarm or cold. The samosa chaat had a mushy, cold samosa with a most unpleasant texture and seemed like it had been fried hours beforehand and had been sitting around. The Palak Tiki was nearly flavorless and lukewarm, with a watery mushroom sauce and strange texture, while the Palak Chaat consisted of deep fried, cold spinach, and was very oily. The Gol Gappa was just o.k. We then moved on to the main dishes; I had the butter chicken that everyone on here has been raving about and my companion had the tandoori vegetable plate. The butter chicken, which I had asked for extra spicy, came out bland with a very one-note flavor and an overly sweet tomato sauce. I am not a fan of sugar in my savory dishes, and this sauce was extremely sweet. In fact (and I cringe when saying this) it actually looked and tasted almost exactly like the sauce from Spaghettios. So, I am extremely confused about the excellent reviews here for that dish. I don't know if those people never ate butter chicken before, or what, but no. No, no, no, that was not real butter chicken. Now on to the worst dish of the evening, the tandoori vegetable plate. This entrée was absolutely inedible. While I described the broccoli as tasting like a piece of burnt charcoal, my dining companion said it was "terrible" and another friend who was just having drinks said it reminded him of "dirt." I don't know how the chef imparted such bad flavor into that broccoli but it was impossible to eat. The rest of the plate consisted of plain roasted vegetables that were very dry and flavorless, with no sauce and no spices, only a hint of burnt flavor as if they'd been cooked directly in ashes. We spent a lot of time attempting to get each other to eat the vegetables on this dish, to no avail. The desserts were hum-drum with the exception of the vanilla sorbet, which was very good. The bill came to $161 for three people (a third person ordered one appetizer, which was just o.k., and one drink) so we ended up owing over $90 after the Groupon. This price was tremendously expensive for the quality of food we received and we were all left with that "ouch!" feeling you get when you have a very expensive bad meal. If the chef gets a chance to read this, I would say to him that there is just no way he tasted any of those dishes before sending them out. No way. We did remark that we realize the restaurant is "fusion" and therefore will not be strictly Indian flavors. I don't require strictly Indian flavors; I only require that the food is delicious. Unfortunately, Tashan is just not delicious. Far from it. So, my friends, I hope you heed this warning and choose a different place to spend your money.Love love love! We just went for the first time after getting a Groupon. Great food. Perfect date atmosphere.  And AMAZING service. Bonnie was our server and all of the staff was helpful and attentive! We will definitely come here again!!Tashan, is a beautiful modern Indian restaurant. It is a trendy spot to bring your date or have a meal with a group of friends. The kitchen is open so you can see the food being prepared which is neat.  They have free valet parking which is very convenient! 
Appetizers-
1. The samosa chaat was delicious but could have used a little more chutney but very tasty.
2. The shrimp salad, comes with 10 fairly large shrimps
3. The lamb chops are some of the best lamb chops I have ever had. They are marinated in a yogurt based sauce as they are cooked in the tandoor. I enjoy spicy food so they could have used a little more heat but were very tasty. 
Entrees:
1. Butter Chicken- was delicious. The chicken which had been cooked in the tandoor was tender and the gravy was delicious. The gravy is not as heavy  or viscous as a traditional butter chicken. It just means there is less cream and butter which isn't a bad thing! 
2. Plain Naan and Garlic,Onion and Cilantro Naan were good.
3. Rice was perfectly cooked. 
Overall it was wonderful meal. Between two of us it was $84 including tip. I will definitely be back.Tashan is just AMAZING! I love a place where you can see the Kitchen, it tends to make me feel safer about what comes in my plate and seriously, I LOVE looking how cook do their things so I can try to reproduce what they do at home after (even if it never works ha-ha). Tashan has a great drinks selection and I like the idea of the tablet to hold the drinks menu. Our server was extremely nice and had great recommendations for us regarding both the food and the drinks. Every plate served is small plates and are meant to be shared. 
We ordered about 6 or 7 small plates and everything was just delicious. I tried to remember all the food we got but it is simply slipping my mind. But honestly, everything was just succulent! The price is reasonable given how fancy this place is. I will definitely go back!My bf wanted to try this place out really bad so... I wanted to check out what the hype was all about. As soon as I walked in I felt like I walked into buddahkah (without the big Budah against the wall and red walls)
 the moment I stepped through those heavy ass doors i knew immediately that, i was gonna be disappointed by the food! What Indian rest. Doesn't smell like curry!?! Lol. This is no Indian food. It's Indian inspired food. Portions are small, and tasteless. This place is too pretty for me. 
I gave it two stars because service was good. I wouldn't go back.I was at Tashan on Saturday night with some friends. 
I have to say what a wonderful experience! 
we had the "chef's tasting"- and it exceeded our expectations! with each course, things kept getting better. I can't say enough good things!
also, our server, Bennett, was incredible! helped us with wine choices (VERY knowledgable!!) and guided us through the tasting menu with fun and panache!
we will be back (soon, I hope!) and hope that we see Bennett again!My husband and I went to Tashan last July after seeing a Living Social deal for their Tasting Menu. It was wonderful! We had the "five course" tasting menu, but we had at least eight dishes...they just kept coming! Our waiter, Bennet, was very good and made the experience even better with his great attitude and helpful nature. We loved seeing the open kitchen and watching the team of chefs prepare meals in the Tandoori oven. 
Such a unique experience! Valet parking was an added plus for us and the decor was beautiful. We will definitely return!This was my second time I got to drop in. The first was great, unfortunately todays experience was not the same. We got the chef tasting menu, the highlights where the chicken vindaloo and the desserts. The butter chicken, which was one of my favorites from my previous visit, was the worst this time around. The other courses were average at best. I expected more from a high quality restaurant like this one.We went for the 5 course meal we bought from living social.   Food is great and service is great.   It's worth the price I paid.  We couldnt finish our last course before the dessert.  We took the food home and it tastes very good left over as well.  
1st course: Bombay Bhel and Gol Gappa
2nd course: Tandoori Shrimp and Diver Scallop "Kangura"
3rd Course: spicy kakori kebab and kobe chopan kebab
4th course: Lamb shank with rice and garlic naan.  (I finally found the best naan in Philly.)
** Other review for the 4th course they got salmon.
5th course:  trio dessert sampling    
We got lamp shank and it was amazing.  I am so glad they gave that to us instead of salmon.  
Yes we are already planning our next visit to Tashan.I was very disappointed last night at Tashan. I heard such great things about the food, but it was mediocre at best. There were tons of servers there and our service was terrible!  I gave it 2 stars, because the cocktails were awesome. One of our dishes never came, service was slow, and they forgot to give us our leftovers...I had to ask twice for them on our way out!  Our bill was way over $100 for 2 people and I have had better service at IHOP. Seriously, this was a once in a lifetime experience for me, because I'll never be back. Stick to take out from Tiffin...at least then you won't be so disappointedFor now it's 4 stars just because I didn't really get a whole full blown experience when I was here. My boyfriend and I had tickets to see Wicked at the Academy of Music at 8pm. I thought it'd be fine to squeeze in dinner here since dinners are usually an hour long anyway, which was okay since my boyfriend loves indian food. 
We let the waitress know ahead of time that we were having a quick dinner and that it was fine if she rushed things for us. She said it was no problem. She accommodated us very well. Service was great, there was a waiter walking around constantly filling up glasses with waters. When food was brought out, they explained what it was and what was in it. Clearing the tables and bringing out new plates was quick and smooth. 
First, our waitress brought out this mixture in a cup. She said it was to "jumpstart our tastebuds". It was like a chilli sauce with cucumbers and garlic. I don't know what else was in it, but it was spicy. I couldn't finish the whole thing, but I tasted mostly cucumbers. We both started off with appetizers. I got the calamari (because I love calamari and I love to try all variations of it). My boyfriend got the samosa. The calamari came out, and it was spicy. Wow, it was super spicy. It was great! I don't like calamari that isn't grilled, but this was good. The samosa came out, and this was really good. I think it's one samosa, or it could be two. But it had alot of other things on top. It was so good, the way they prepared the chickpeas were delicious. It's a must try!
For our entrees, I got the Butter chicken with garlic naan, and he got the Lamb shank. This is my second time having butter chicken, but it was so good. My boyfriend even said it was one of the best butter chicken he's ever had. The sauce I felt was a bit more buttery than tomatoy, which I loved. The chicken was good, it wasn't dry at all, so when you add the sauce in, it just slides around in your mouth. Skip the rice though, it was loose and dryish. I like my rice somewhat sticky. This was like falling apart, like how old rice would be. My boyfriend's Lamb shank, was huge! It smelled so good. By the look of it, you wouldn't expect it to fall apart so easily. When we went to get a piece of it, it just fell apart. It was so tender and so moist. It was perfection. Totally worth the 30$. 
I definately want to come back and take my time here. One tip is that I would totally ask for a bigger table or something because the table of two aren't cutting it, especially sicne the dishes are so big. 
MUST TRY; Butter chicken; Lamb Shank; SamosaWe have been to Tashan several times and decided to have our wedding welcome dinner there. The food (which was actually from Tiffin I believe) was excellent. All our our guests raved about it. The space is very very nice and it comfortably fit our large group of 45 guests. The staff were very accommodating of our needs (we wanted to have a microphone for some speeches etc). Bennett, in particular was extremely attentive and friendly.Excellent ambience and great service. Expensive restaurant. Not many vegetarian items. It's more Americanized indian restaurant.Menu is diverse & food excellent. Decent wine & drink list. Can't wait to go back & order the things we didn't get to. The decor is pleasing, however if you're not in a booth you feel a bit exposed. We went early. So there were only a few other diners, which merit things relatively quiet. We had two different servers running food & drinks for us which got a bit confusing. And it took s bit too long for the check to arrive & then get picked back up again for so few people in the restaurant. Wouldn't deter me from going back just plan on a long dinner.soooo this is awkward, because multiple people have told me to come to Tashan for 'amazing Indian food.' My theory is that this was because they have eaten there right before the head chef left just a few weeks ago. Unfortunately, we weren't privy to this information until about halfway through the meal. 
Stinks, because the space itself is really trendy, with a lit up bar, great decor, and an earthy wooden theme going on. 
pros: creme brulee (they just hired a new dessert chef, and this dessert pretty much saved the meal), food presentation (not taste), and Mia (our spunky, great server).
cons: food taste/quality, a busser that took our eating plates and didn't give us new ones while we had our dish just sitting on the table, and waiting time. Also slightly overpriced.
There were only a few other tables present during dinner, so I didn't really understand why it took a good chunk of time for all of our food to come out. I will say that I enjoyed the garlic/redonion/chive naan, but that also took forever to come out. 
We ordered a few small plates, like the chicken tikka vindaloo and the Venison Soolay. They weren't bad, just not mind-blowing or something that I'm dying to have again. 
One thing I could definitely have again is the creme brulee. It usually comes with an edible orchid on top (they ran out, so they gave us blueberries instead - our win), and inside the dish in an indian spiced donut. super yummy. and probably was the reason why I gave this rating a whole three stars. 
I would return just to see Mia at the bar and order the creme brulee. If I'm ever jonesing for Indian food with messy goodness and naan and taste bud prodding, then I will probably go elsewhere for better/cheaper eats.I like that they offer Indian cuisine in a tapas style so you're more open to trying new things. I like the way they hand you an iPad and allow you to order your drinks that way. 
What I don't like is the fact that the food isn't as authentic as some Indian food I've had, and that I'm spending 8 times as much on food that, to me, was just OK. 
Decor is awesome- the place is really neat looking- actually reminiscent of Las Vegas- major points for that- super classy place. 
Just disappointed with the food. I expected to be wowed and I just wasn't.Fabulous, fine dining indian at its best. Amazing ambiance. Delicious food all cooked extremely well and service was incredible. Highly recommended this place to impress any date! The owner also came out and introduce himself near the end of our meal. I definitely will return sometime in near future.We purchased a Living Social deal for the chef's tasting and the food was amazing!  The spinach salad was delicious and the butter curry was the best curry I've ever had.  With the tasting we got four courses and dessert and while some of the courses were small everything was yummy and we were full by the end.  The service was a bit slow but the decor was very nice so we didn't mind sitting for a bit.  We tried a margarita and a cherry sangria which were both good.  There is no garage but it's a fairly residential area so there is lots of street parking nearby.I must admit, I am not a huge fan of Indian cuisine but I went here with a friend for restaurant week and was pleasantly surprised. The decor is rich and vibrant in dark hues and tones. There was subtle, relaxing and calming music being played throughout the time there.
The flavors were discrete yet bold. Nothing was overpowering or over seasoned. I enjoyed being able to look into the kitchen area and see the staff prepare your food. The hostess was very friendly and the wait staff was extremely accommodating and attentive. 
I loved the naan! I am a bread lover, so I was overjoyed when hot, fresh naan bread was brought to the table. The food was excellent and everything was delicious.Buy the tasting menu deal from groupon- it's a great value, though the staff might not be too happy when you present it to them (at least they were happy when we did).  We had an excellent night here with a group of friends, dark and cozy ambiance, great drink options, great food.  Though, it's very expensive without the groupon deal... If you want Indian food that is just as good, but a lot more affordable- go to Ekta in No Libs.The menu is creative with loads of vegetarian and seafood options. We had salmon, cauliflower manchurian, papadum with shrimp that was prepared like an egg roll, and Brussels sprouts, and everything was delicious! Sean was awesome with wine recommendations and in pairing and spacing out the dishes. I'll definitely go back!Delicious indian food... best I've had. We had the chef's tasing menu which filled us up completely and sent us home with plenty of food. I highly recommend Tashan. Its sister Tiffan restaurants have exceptional food as well.Wow. I was really looking forward to the meal at Tashan. Unfortunately, the food thoroughly disappointed me  Not only did it not taste good, it left a horrible after taste in my mouth, followed by indigestion. Service was subpar at best. The waiter forgot a few dishes we ordered and then still charged us for them. It took a few back and forth to get the billing right. 
The quality of cheap Indian Buffet around University City is significantly higher than what we had in Tashan.Absolutely amazing. I've been waiting for this place to open for quite sometime. After months of walking by finally Life. I haven't had the free time recently to visit but today I made sometime. The decor of Tashan is of a classy/upscale restaurant. My friend and I felt so under dressed but I continued on my culinary adventure. I have to say the menu was over whelming at first I didn't know what to choose after some questions my server directed with me to some favorites. I started with the Royal Baby Spinach-Arugula Salad very tasty with a light cinnamon dressing. Next was Burra-Goshti Boti and my friend order the Butter Chicken, two great choices. The Burra-Goshti Boti aged beef cooked to perfection and the nutmeg marinate was delicious. And the Butter Chicken was to die for. Tandoori chicken in a tomato-cream sauce I couldn't stop eating. I will certain try to become a regular at Tashan. I certainly think everyone should come see what Tashan is about.Fantastic! I recommend this place highly, they just opened so everyone on staff is on their best behavior. The cocktail list is fun and interesting, good beer selection as well. Open kitchen is great, and the food is really delicious.
I went there with my friend from New Delhi and he was quite impressed with the authenticity of the food, as well as the modern flare.
My favorite is the malai kofta lollypops! Just to die for. It's also fun because they are all small dishes except for the finale on the menu - butter chicken is amazing. Also it's not incredibly spicy, I didn't ask about altering the temperature of some dishes.
Great lounge area, big dining room, pretty upscale, dress up a little. The staff is fun and helpful if you ask and engage them.Superb! 
Ambiance
The restaurant design is pretty posh and surprisingly large inside.  You can get a pretty good view of the kitchen by sitting in the main dining room.
Food
Some really clever fusion dishes going on.  I've liked everything I've tried here, and the butter paneer might be my new favorite "Indian" dish.   The gulab jamun creme brulee also rocks my world.  Palak Chaat is another stand-out, which is sort of like a twist of a North-Indian dish that has fried spinach, except this is made into a really tasty salad.
Price
The lunch menu is a really good value.  It's currently $12 for a samosa, naan, rice, and main dish.  I'd recommend lunch as a budget-conscious way to check out Tashan. For dinner, the 3-course menu from 5-7 is also a really good deal.  It comes with an appetizer, main dish, and desert for $35.  Dinner can also be had a la carte, in which case, the prices will be higher.
Service
Excellent.  Servers are really knowledgeable and willing to lend some recommendations.  They're good at doing things like filling water without being intrusive.Went to dinner here with my wife.  Service was OK. The waitress kept screwing up our orders and it seemed like she didn't really know the menu that well.  The food delivery guy knew more about the food than the waitress.  Food was fantastic. I loved the fusion twist in Indian food.  Wife and I decided that we only go to Indian restaurants that are fusion (Indochinese, Thai-Indian, etc.) because the regular Indian restaurants are not fun and have the standard dishes.  Excellent food. Loved the desert options.Tashan means "style" in Hindi and that's perfect because this is Indian fine dining with wonderful style and class!  The lovely wife and I showed up on a Saturday night with OpenTable reservations.
On weekends valet parking is $10 and it was particularly convenient.  The attendant made a point of telling us to give our ticket to our waiter ten minutes before we were ready to leave.  We did and our car was ready when we walked out the door.  For $10, nor bad!
We were seated immediately at a small table as opposed to a booth.  Table spacing is just fine but as others have mentioned, you can feel a little exposed. The noise level was fairly high but conversation was not a problem.  We found the modern, chic atmosphere warm and comfortable.
Our waiter for the evening was competent and friendly.  He was slow to ask if we wanted additional adult libations but other than that customer service was excellent. Speaking of adult libations, the specialty drink list here is decent. Most are $10-$12. 
The menu here is substantial and mostly small plates. Our choices were-
The lovely wife-
* Bharwan Baingan.  Baby eggplant with peanuts, almonds and tamarind rice $11.
* Spice Crusted Red Snapper with Ginger, fennel seed and lemon rice $16.
The handsome husband-
* Green Chicken Tikka with Mustard seed, mustard greens and green chili $12.
* Naga Beef Sumi.  Wagyu beef with onion pakora, cucumber and peanut $14.
Shared-
* Spicy Brussel Sprouts with Chili, olive oil and mango powder $9.
* Cilantro Naan $4.
* Masala Donut with 12 spice Fennel sugar, chocolate mousse and cardamon syrup $8.
Much to our delight every dish was a hit!  All were beautifully plated.  Although the Snapper and Brussel Sprouts were noted as spicy we were not overwhelmed.  The Brussel Sprouts were OMG amazing!  The number of dishes we ordered turned out to be perfect.  We were pleasantly full but not stuffed.
Some might say that Indian cuisine and fine dining is an oxymoron.  Tashan will change your mind!After 7 months I decided to return to Tashan.  My friend and I shared the vegetarian chefs tasting and it was to my liking. The service was very efficient and kind and was constantly making sure everything was okay and that we had what we needed. I would recommend Tashan for people who like inventive Indian food.The environment: freaking amazing awesome ambience
the food: aBSOLUTELY AMAZING. HE MENU ITEMS ARE WELL SELECTED AND its is absolutely what fine dining indian food means. great service. the gulab jamun creme brulee to die for. recommendation: oalak tikki kakori kababWe have been eager to try Tashan since it opened because we love Indian food and love fusion restaurants. After checking out some awesome Yelp reviews, we were even more excited. Unfortunately, we were sorely disappointed. We started with a sangria and a Riesling - the Sangria was good, but literally tasted (and felt) as if there was no alcohol whatsoever. We ordered the chef's tasting menu (4 courses + dessert) and it was PLENTY of food. The first two courses came out overwhelmingly fast and there was barely enough room on the table for all the dishes, so we felt we had to eat very quickly. Luckily the meal slowed down a bit after our first two courses were delivered. As far as the food goes, nothing wowed us. We felt as though most of the dishes were underseasoned. The scallops were fairly rubbery. We also found it interesting that for a party of 2 sharing the tasting menu, many of the dishes came with an odd number of items (i.e. 3 scallops, 7 gol gappa, etc.). I guess it was good we are good sharers! Either way, we left the meal quite full, but not impressed by the flavors of the dishes. Something was just missing.  Of note, the service was mostly excellent (our server was extremely knowledgeable), but there were male employees in suits that just walked back and forth and back and forth repeatedly. It was really annoying/distracting as a diner. The crowd was also....different. There was a couple sitting behind us who were making out and caressing each other on the bench along the wall even when another table was seated on the same bench a few feet away. Another table near us had a woman in denim shorts and flip flops. I saw men in cargo shorts with graphic tees, and a larger group came in around 10 wearing major club attire (and one of the girls screamed at the top of her lungs when her friend walked in). Not the restaurant's fault, but definitely made for a different experience. Maybe it was an off night, but I don't think I'd be willing to spend the money to try again. As a "never waste food" person, it was very indicative when I tossed the leftovers...Tashan was an unbelievable experience. If you are going on a date, this is a good spot to go.
Ambiance was very chill, modern lounge like. Dark lighting, funky, hip music playing.
Service was impeccable. I was here on an invitation basis, so I'm sure the service was more attentive, but it seemed as though the waiters and waitresses made relatively frequent rounds, filling up your glasses of water and explaining anything you had a question about. 
Food was like a ride through a fusion adventure of Indian and Asian tastes, with many forks in the road, but all leading to great flavors (and into my mouth). The chefs tasting meal was an experience unique to finer dining, and I am very pleased and satisfied having chosen that as our meal for two people. We enjoyed every single course, starting with the spicy potato appetizer, followed by the crispy spinach salad, then spiced shrimp, grilled meats and scallops, and even a nice desert plate. The only dish we did not enjoy were the tandoori vegetables. We ate one bite and couldn't bare to push through it. The taste was too charred and strange. 
The meal was truly an experience and I am very glad that I was able to experience it in its fullest. The meal pairs very well with a nice glass of their sparkling wine. 
Definitely recommend this place as a weekend spot to go with coworkers, friends, or that special someone.
Happy dining!Let me just start out by saying that I'm not an expert with Indian cuisine so I may be totally wrong with this review but I'm an average diner and so a good restaurant has to please someone like me. That's not saying that they have to serve me americanized food either. I like to be exposed to new cuisines and styles but they kind of have to feel right in my mouth and some dishes here didn't. The place is new so maybe they are still working out dishes, who knows?
Anyway, here's the deal. This place is gorgeous and its clear it's trying to be a really fine upscale Indian place. They have these tandoor ovens imported from England, they have wood and furniture that's custom made by artists, they have a decor that is pretty plush and inviting but if you read my reviews you know that the food has to be at the level of the price and the feel of the restaurant.
So how was the food? Hit or miss. Some dishes like the Tashan Biryani Layer Rice and the Goat Cheese Taftaan were really nice but some, like the Clay-baked Potato Chaat and the Galouti Kebab (I think that's what I got) were really not that great at all. The Potato thing was really oddly textured and the lamb was cooked ok but wasn't anything special at all.
Service was pretty good, if a little eager. It's clear the place is new and trying really hard but they need to shrink the menu a bit and focus on making the dishes rock.
Another thing you know I like is to check out the specialty coctails and the Tashan was one of the best I've ever had anywhere. It was super tasty even though I had to order it from a goofy iPad menu thing. I hope they ditch that idea. It's lame and awkward.
Overall, I think I'd go back just so that I can make sure that I didn't just have really bad luck. I love Tiffin and I order from there all the time but I'm not a big fan of paying a lot of money for ok food. I hope I'm wrong since this place really wants to succeed and I want it to.I heard a lot of good reviews about tashan and I had to make a point to go visit it, as so far Philadelphias Indian cuisine has been a happy surprise. But tashan was a big disappointment.
I ordered the green chicken tikka and plain naan to share for two. The naan was extremely dry and unimpressive. The chicken tikka,although cooked extremely well,lacked any taste to it, it was very bland and the only taste to it was from the chutney sauce it was placed upon,which was awfully sweet. The side of salad also had a very unappetizing bitter after taste to it. The food was quite unappealing.
The wine list was also disappointing, their best being the primitivo,at best being a mediocre wine. Their liquors were sparse and did not do the ambience justice. 
The interior was very pleasant and the service was great, they tried to accommodate us as best as possible and even allowed us to taste some wines before we got them. Alas, the quality of the food was not enough to override the pleasant restaurant vibe.
Overall, I was very disappointed and am sure that there are many other Indian restaurants to go to that are worth the price here in Philadelphia.This place sits between Catherine & Fitzwater On Broad Sts Very Chic, & it oozes Sexy!!! If you want to take some one for dinner date, this ones it!!! 
We made reservations for one of my Closest friends -B-day celebration, it was 6 of us, we sat in huge booth. Aviance was dark, think light could've been tad brighter.
We started out with Naan, garlic , Goat cheese, crab meat , there is no hummus, the ingredients are in the Naan, Exceptional!!!
I got the Gol-gappa Hollow durum puffs, spicy potato filling, tangy mint-cilantro water, most of our party got chicken , except b-day  Gal.It was the Free-Range Butter Chicken Tandoori chicken, fenugreek-scented tomato cream sauce , the sauce was decadent, could've tasted good on a flip-flop!! .Though I'm lactose -intolerant, delt with it, since it was a cream base..Out waitress was personable, little off, but very knowledgeable. Let me say, our Glasses were ALWAYS filled -water!! Outstanding!!!!
Would I go back-Indeed,
btw-I got Mango Lassi.Yumm!!!!!!The decor of Tashan is clean, modern, hip, and luxurious.  The waitstaff is extremely friendly and counterbalances what might be a pretentious environment.  An impressive touch: the wine lists are on ipads.  
We were seated in a small room off to the side, decorated with floor to ceiling bottles of wine.  The doors were studded leather panels that look like they could close for a cozy, private party.  
The menu consists of small plates as well as more regular sized plates.  Tashan is definitely the priciest Indian food I've ever had, but it was certainly delicious.   The waiter had initially suggested anywhere between 3-5 small plates.  Shockingly, I was actually kind of full after 2.  I got the goat cheese taftaan which was goat cheese on a flakey crust and carmelized ginger.  It was unlike anything I've ever had before.  It was fantasic and went well with my my moscato.  Next, I had the mangalorean chicken sausage which was also delicious.  They were served with hot sauce on a bed of chickpeas/puffed rice/tomato concoction.  My friend and I split the butter chicken which was great, but really not much different from the butter chicken that you'd get at tiffin.  Perhaps, the only difference would be the price and the smaller portion.  
I would definitely return here, but I would only get the items that are not available at Tiffin.We discovered Tashan last month, loved our meal there, returned with some friends last weekend, who agreed it was a great place, and I just made my third reservation to dine there later this week. So I really like this place!  It's slightly off the beaten path in terms of CC restaurants, so not impossible to get a table the same week, but the place was crowded both times we were there, and had a good vibe. The food was delicious - we ordered widely and thought each dish was a winner.  Favorite dishes included Palak Chaat, Salmon Tikka, Chicken Malachani (which is actually cornish hen) and Gobi Manchurian, plus the layered whole wheat bread. They brought out complementary snacks each time which were great. Good and reasonably priced wine list, and the i-pad descriptions were a fun touch. Back to the food:  lively, inventive flavors and  beautifully presented. Service was attentive and nicely paced.  One complaint: It's too noisy for my tastes  but I'm getting resigned to most restaurants feeling that they have to amp up the music to create a buzz. Sigh.Despite that, love this place and am heading back again this weekend.My wife and I had their 5 course tasting menu and every dish was really delicious.  The staff was friendly and helpful. 
Only issue we had with this restaurant was that the speed at which the food came to us was slow and the restaurant was warm.  Granted, we were seated next to the open kitchen (a nice feature), even when my wife walked into other parts of the restaurant, looking for a cooler spot, it turned out that it was warm all over.
With that being said, we will definitely return (at a cooler time).
I'd highly recommend this restaurant.This was easily one of the best experience I have had.  The ambience was great, the service was second to none, and the food was delicious.  Our server, Justin, was the best waiter ever.  He was knowledgeable and courteous.  It was our first time eating Indian cuisine and he was very helpful in every aspect possible.  We did the chef's tasting menu and ever item was delicious.  I will certainly be back and highly recommend this restaurant.  Kudos to the entire staff, especially JustinWent for the Chef's Tasting last eve. Had a really relaxing and delightful dining adventure. Loved the chef's creativity with textures in appetizers. Found the grilled lamb chops succulent and subtly seasoned - a nice contrast with the lamb shank in an assertive and beautiful sauce. Other highlights: prawns with basil seeds and coconut cream and the awesome dessert trio!I wish I could give Tashan a higher rating. I will list the good first:
1. Awesome space/decor
2. Very tasty food
3. Friendly service
Now for the bad....I recently want here for lunch with a friend. Since it is lunch hour, the expectation is the food will come out quickly. Especially since the menu is prix fix and the restaurant was empty. Instead we waited an extremely long time for all our food to come out. They had just changed their menu so the waiter was not familiar with it. It was frustrating to wait so long during lunch hour and the amount of food that came out with was way too small for the price. It truly is like a tapas style menu and $15 a  lot to spend on lunch to not get more substantial food and quicker. 
The redeeming factors again are tasty food and friendly service. But I don't see myself rushing back here again for lunch.Well let me start off by saying you better get to Tashan atleast an hour before they close.  Arrived witih a party of 4, and was told by 2 or 3 different people about how the kitchen closes in a half hour and if we didnt order we couldnt be serviced.  The food is good, but the service is downright sorry.  Especially the fact that it is so close to where we live which is at 777 South Broad.  We have decided that we will go eslewhere next time.I love the atmosphere and thought the food was good, but not great.  I also though it was overpriced.  We chose 5 items plus 2 naans.  I had wine; my husband had water only and it was $140.  I love Indian food but not at that price.
I wish we had done the $60 tasting menuI used to rave about this place when it first opened.  It was pricey, but the food was so delicious that it was worth it.  I haven't been there since April 2013, and now it is a different story since executive chef Senat left.  The food is just a touch above mediocre.  I only had two dishes - the palak chaat and peshwari naan.  My palak chat was more like a spinach salad.  Instead of frying the spinach leaves whole, it was cut up then slightly fried.  The peshwari naan only had a hint of cashews and could have used some ground cardamom.  It also lost some of that naan fluffiness - granted, whenever you get a stuffed naan, it is not as fluffy, but this naan was virtually flat.  Perhaps some of their other dishes are better and still up to Senat's standards, but the reviews here don't make me want to try it.  
I would have given this three stars, but my experience of ordering online for pickup made me dock it a star.  My email confirmation stated pickup will be ready in 30 minutes.  I go an hour after I placed the order to pick it up.  I had to wait 15 minutes while they prepared my food.  I know this because the bartender gave me a glass of water and told me that they were "preparing it now."  Obviously it should have been ready, maybe even a bit cold since I was late picking it up. If you can't handle pickup/delivery orders, then don't offer the service.
I was just a bit disappointed with my overall experience.  Not sure if I will be eating here again.Don't be fooled by the swanky-looking decor. Avoid at all costs and here's why:
(disclaimer- lived in India great portion of my life so I'm picky, nonetheless)
- Expensive for the minuscule helpings. We had a good laugh when the aloo tikki dish literally consisted for a single, sad looking tikki in the middle of a ginormous plate.
-Annoying waiter constantly hovering over us constantly using us if we wanted drinks multiple times, despite having said no previously. Told us that the water was 'complementary'
-Maybe there was one dish our table thought decent but the rest of the menu was very average. Also, there is no such dish as the 'Naga beef Sumi.' The tribal Sumi people of Nagaland do not use peanut as a garnish nor use peanuts in their cuisine. 
-got charged $100 as tip on the card when we put down 20% down in cash despite the shoddy food and service. They finally reimbursed that amount but if I were a business that wanted to appease the customer, I would have reimbursed the whole amount or similar.
Going across the river to Jersey for Indian food may not be an option for others but there are plenty of other Indian food joints in the area that will satisfy your tummy.Previous 5 star rating reduced to 1 star after 3 experiences. 
1st experience - Valentine's day weekend - great ambience distracted me throughout the night, 'ok-ish' service, food was sub-par at best. 
2nd experience - Easter weekend - "chef tasting" menu aka cold buffet.... disgraceful, completely ruined my experience and the Indian food culture. Samosa with barbecue sauce.. really? who the f*** has barbecue sauce to go along with samosas? Clearly NOT an Indian authentic chef cooking
3rd experience - Invited back for a complimentary dinner (biggest mistake of my life) since we posted a crappy review on Yelp and the manager at Tashan begged us to take it down and invited us back. We decided to give it just one more chance. That is a choice I will regret for the rest of my life. The service was absolutely horrendous, food was way below average. I'm not sure what they did to that kobe beef but I know that was not kobe beef. This is definitely not Indian food. This is not even imitation of Indian food. This is whacko. It is sorta Indian-Chinese food with a half-hearted French inspired plating whatever the heck that means. 
As a recommendation, IndeBlue is far more superior in it's food and menu (10 times better than Tashan !!!)  and I can't wait to go back there again to get rid of the Tashan in my mouth. Don't blow up your money, you will be sorry just like us who literally ran out the door.
TASHAN CAN KISS MY REAR END, GOODBYE FOREVER. Try offering a free meal again and I'll tell him to shove it where the sun don't shine.I absolutely adored this restaurant. The food was outstanding, the service was outstanding, and the ambience was outstanding! A friend of mine came with me, and at first he wasn't sure if he was going to like it or not, however, he turned out to like it just as much as I did. The prices were a little high however, that was to be expected. I do believe though that the meal was worth the price. The overall feel of the place is dim and romantic. The Music was modern and unexpected, however enjoyable. On the table there was the usual set up with a nice candle in the middle. My friend commented that he wished there was more table room for the plates. They tend to serve large and oddly shaped plates which can be a bit awkward when you're trying to eat. For an appetizer we got the gol Gappa. It's a delicious pastry filled with spiced potatoes and a sweet sauce. Then we had our entrées which was the best part of all. We ordered the famous butter chicken and i was mind blown by the flavors. It is a very similar dish to chicken Tikka masala. If you haven't had that before it's a chicken dish with a tomato type gravy. It came served with rice and our waitress recommended that we get some bread with it so we ordered the GOC Naan. The GOC naan is the kind of bread that has garlic, roasted red onions, and cilantro. The combination of the chicken the bread and the rice was so amazing that you were almost tempted to drop the fork and knife and dig in with your bare hands. For dessert we both had the chocolate Lava cake. I have never had a lava cake with as much chocolate as they provided. It also came with a delicious pumpkin ice cream, which at first seems like it wouldnt be that good but, it turned out delicious. However, I did notice that the chocolatey taste of the cake was slightly different than the normal taste of a chocolate cake you would get at any store, however, this did not stop me from eating it. We weren't drinking that night so, we decided to order peach iced tea and a lemonade. My friend made the comment that that was the best lemonade he'd ever had. I myself found the ice tea to be extremely delicious as well. At the end of the night we both had full stomaches and plenty left to take home. This is definitely a restaurant that I would recommend to anyone and everyone that I know. Also, I will be coming back myself to explore the menu more.I hate to do this, but I need to update my review based on some other experiences at Tashan.
Although the food and service can be good, it can also be bad at times.  I'm now wondering if those bad times are lunch...
Last time I got the lunch special, I ordered butter paneer (which I've ordered many times there before). There were literally 4 pieces of paneer in the dish - yes four!  The sauce was also very thinned down and watery, with very little flavor because of it.  Before we ordered the waiter mentioned that there was no manager there that day, which I guess in retrospect was a strange thing to say (red flag).
In general, the quality is quite inconsistent - but my current theory is that they cheap out on lunch...I don't know...maybe the head chef leaving is significant like I saw some other Yelpers mention.Went there with a group of seven, ordered family style. Service was terrible, the waiter forgot about 3 dishes, cleared the table and asked if we would like to look at the dessert menu, having a folder with the check in his hand already. When we reminded him that we were missing a couple of dishes he profusely apologized and said he wanted to get us new plates anyways. We got 1 more dish out of the 3 and after another inquiry were told that one was actually out and the other one was still being made. We had to ask twice to cancel the last dish as food quality matched the bad service. Dishes were either extremely spicy or tasteless and left a foul taste in my mouth. They attempted to charge us for one of the dishes never served and added 20% gratuity to the check up-front. Despite all the screw-up they and made no efforts to apologize of make up for it.