Some of the food was cold, they didn't have any of the sides I wanted, there were flies everywhere while eating. I wouldn't recommend dining maybe just take out , wouldn't dine here again....Whose ever momma they have chiefing in the back, I want to hug her..lol I was skeptical at first due to google reviews vs yelp reviews and Uber eats rating. However, I was pleased that the Ribs were very tender and flavorful, Mac and cheese wasn't the Kraft with the watery cheese If any; another winner and the yams taste like love was in em. I'm glad I took the chance, I know you can't please everybody and some people are just unbelievable with their expectations. The customer isn't always right sometimes They have bad taste buds. I will Definitely be ordering from them again.Love the food! But the customer service is HORRIBLE!! They almost never answer the phone, but they answered it tonight and told me I had to be there by 9:30, but they close at 10!I went there because i heard they have good ribs. Well i walked in and the lady said "We are not open, Probably another hour". Mind you its going on 4pm. This place serves breakfast, lunch and dinner so i dont know why they would not be open. I left and came back the next day. Me and my cousin ordered two chicken wing platters. The chicken had absolutely no flavor or season. The greens i have had way better, The mac and cheese was ok but i have had better as well. Cabbage was horrid and the yams was really good. Lemon and strawberry cake was really good as well. Icing is very sweet though. I would only go back to get a slice of cake if i ever went backJust tried to go there ordered my food at 8:05 2 platters she told me 25min so I said OK..walked in at 8:35 she ignored me and after handing out 3 orders and .. Ohh upon arrival already had 4 customers waiting for over 20min she finally said how can I help you..... So I told her I called ahead and then she said ohh well its another 20more min so I'm like you know what ... You were stank and service was disgusting.. I won't be coming back left without anything....HIGHLY DISSATISFIED?..!!The food is delicious! However the location isn't ideal. I felt uncomfortable picking my food up. A lot of lingering around  but the food is worth it. My favorite is the Alfredo but it's so rich. I can only eat it once in a while. This is the best place to order soul food!Time management and customer service is horrible. We were told our order would be ready within 20-25 minutes. My boyfriend went in to pick up the order 20 minutes after we called and we waited an additional hour and 20 minutes longer. I ended up following after him after he told me he was getting upset and exchanged words with someone who worked there. When I entered I asked him if anyone apologized for the wait, if anyone offered a discount due to the inconvenience (they asked him for the money as soon as he walked in to get the food...we would've left if that wasn't the case) or if they offered anything else with our order .... he said no which made me upset. There were other people waiting for food for an hour+ as well. Someone came in who worked for the company and heard me speaking about the issue with my boyfriend... still no apology. We got our food which was cold and the rice was white to be considered as "fried", chicken was thrown on top as well. My mom said it was bland. Our pasta was dry, Little to no sauce. An apology would've been a start to fix this issue but one wasn't given. This was his first time eating from Tasties ... he said he never wants to eat from there again. It's really the small things that keep customers coming back. Unfortunately, nobody working at Tasties did any of those things today and lost customers .Honestly I don't understand how a successful establishment can have NO HEAT meanwhile it is 15 degrees outside! This is simply ridiculous especially being I have been waiting for my food for over 30 mins !!! I am sitting here and can see my breath from the cold INSIDE! What is the point of buying food to go when it is going to take FOREVER and the owner won't provide a comfortable place for their customers to wait during these extreme temperatures! INVEST IN YOUR BUSINESS beginning with proper temperatures in your CURRENT stores not just EXPANDING !!!I really enjoy Tasties and most of the iteams they serve.
Food is alway hot and fresh. Portion size is great. I usually save the rest of my platter for lunch the next day. My favorite iteams are the Baked Turkey Wings, Shrimp Pasta Alfreado, Fried Chicken Wings, Greens, String Beans and Mac and Cheese. The greens are fantastic and so are the string beans. They have lots, and lots of flavor. The only thing I would suggest is that they put the Alfreado in a plastic container, because my sauce leaks out everytime in the styrafoam contatiners they have. Also, I would like to see more side options. Maybe cornbread? Fried Okra, baked beans? stuffing for the turkey wings?Love their shrimp pasta! Everything on the menu is delicious! Definetly a good soul food spot in West Philly! They are also located up on Germantown Ave!Came in for salmon, Mac and sweets, which was "okay". The salmon was burnt/hard and way too oily. The Mac was oily as well. The yams were actually good. The buttered roll was hard and cold. Customer service is absolutely horrible at this establishment. The cashier was very rude and unprofessional. She was on her phone and conversing with staff in the back without acknowledging the people waiting in line. Also, the food took every bit of a half hour to cook. Will not be returning.Soooooooo good. Call ahead with your order because everything is fresh so it took 30 mins to get our food. Also there's going to be a line of people who called but it was definitely worth the wait. The Mac, yams, and collards all delicious!I I just waited 40 minutes for food with my wife I got all the way home and they screwed up my order this place has the worst customer service I have ever experienced the wait is entirely too long we were the only people in the store when we ordered and they still got the order wrong I heard the hostess tell to cook 3 times with my order was and they still messed it up never spend the money here again I'll just make it myselfMy first visit at tasties I ordered a chicken wing platter with mac and cheese and yams. The wings were nice size and crispy however they lacked some taste. Mac was ok and yams were kinda soupy. I was determined to give another try since I frequent the area. This time I tried the salmon pasta with broccoli I must say it was tasty and the roll was great. Later that night, my stomach felt a bit awkward. Could've been anything but I haven't been back lol all in a nutshell I say worth a try. To each is ownTasties has awesome take out. I always order the pasta with salmon and my boyfriend's usual is the shrimp and chicken pasta platter. 
This place would have been an easy five star review if they deveined their shrimp, had quicker service and took credit cards.I had fried Shrimp, Fish fried rice, side of Mac & cheese & lemon cake.... Everything was slamming Call ahead the service is slow.....Food is always my point and good. Customer service not so much. They advertise delivery but I've called more than once and was told there wasn't delivery available. Also, their phone is always busy and if it's not, they usually take forever to answer (if they even do), or put you on hold forever and you get disconnected..Only tried the withing, cabbage and mac and cheese. I'd rate it 7/10...worth a trip and their platter sizes will fill you up. Plan on going back soon.I had take out for dinner and I can't lie the food was pretty good minus the fact I asked for rice but got mac & cheese .. The garlic biscuit was really good too ....They have really nice portions, I thought $28 for two platters was kind of high thoThe food is great, however call ahead, if not your gonna wait for a very long time. The young lady working the front is ta say the least very immature and nonchalant. Hopefully they figure it out before business dries upThis place is the worst, the collard greens are disgusting ..I literally had to wash them twice with the second time letting them soak, as they are saturated in some peppery sauce/seasoning. The fish was ok. My daughter ordered the shrimp pasta Alfredo and everything just had way too much seasoning. The wait time was ridiculous to wait so long and still be dissatisfied.No crowd inside,  good food...52nd st is hectic as always. . Step one order food, 2 wait about 20 mins..3rd get you food and get off the duce...My friend and I stopped by on a Sunday late evening.  We ordered drinks from the bar and entrees. Drinks were just how I prefer them- strong! Friend ordered salmon and veggies, and I ordered pasta with chicken. Both meals were flavorful and plenty to eat. I will definitely return to try more items.Spontaneously decided to order a fried chicken platter (chicken breast) with Mac n cheese and candy yams, requesting a second side of Mac, and strawberry cake for my children.  Called 20 minutes ahead.  Made my pickup 25 minutes later.  The food was so delicious.  There was absolutely nothing bland about my food.  Everything was hot and fresh, well seasoned and made my taste buds very happy.  My children enjoyed the food too.  It wasn't our first time here but probably our 4th.  This was the best platter we had thus far. Previously we've had the fish platter which was great too! We'll definitely go back again and again as long as they never change cooks :-)After getting my hair done in West I decided to take a ride a few blocks over and try Tasties since I've read so many good reviews. I walked in and go to the counter to see the menu but I see nothing. A women yells from the back to give her a second she'll be right out. But where is a menu board? She comes out and asked if I'm coming to pick up, I said no I'm here to order. She pulls out a pad and waits for my order. When I asked for a menu she handed me a glossed flyer and told me I could go online and look on Tasies menu on the website....are you kidding me? Then she say's wait...there's one and points to one lonely menu siting on the table. At this point my lunch companion decided she didn't even want anything. So I ordered a wing platter with three sides ( mac, greens and yams) I waited say abut 20 minutes for food which was made to order. The sides were fresh and pretty tasty. The greens were seasoned and cooked to perfection. Lets get to the wings. They were season very well and fried to a golden brown but they tasted as if they were cooked in  very old oil! Tasties didn't stand out to me and it certainly didn't give me anything to rave about! But don't let my one review deter you, give them a try if your in the area!I called to order food and they said it would be 25 minutes. This was my first time here but was told the food was pretty good. Waited an hour and a half and it still wasn't ready! All I ordered was the chicken/shrimp pasta! When I asked for the 3rd time the counterperson stated "he didn't want to bother the cook".! They're were other people just as frustrated that had been there before me. I witnessed a staff person go across the street which I assume was home and bring back a can of Pam spray. Seriously! If it's only ONE cook taking on more orders then they need to hire some staff. Staff is uniformed and seemed clueless! I will not be returning! They need to do better!I usually get my food at the Germantown location but I was in the area so I stopped at this one. To begin, i arrived a little after 12pm. I wanted to order buffalo shrimp... They didn't have it. So my next choice was tilapia, Mac, & collard greens. They didn't have collard greens so I opted for sweet potatoes. Long story short after a 30 minute wait my sweet potatoes were cold and they did not have the  buttery garlic rolls that came with my meal. Instead I was offered a slice of white bread. I must say the tilapia was very satisfying. 
As far a customer service, I don't even really want to comment because the girl taking my order was a young child. However, I will mention there was a woman behind the counter with a night scarf wrapped around her head. I thought that was very unprofessional. I wasn't sure if she just rolled out of bed or was wearing that in place of a hair net. 
As far as cleanliness, this isn't a place to dine in. 
The food at this restaurant is waaaay to good to have such poor service. With better kitchen and customer service management I'm sure this business will go further than the owner ever imagined. I wish them the best.Talk about SOUL FOOD! Absolutely  delicious! I got turkey wings with a side of Mac & cheese and candied yams and it was all delicious. Definitely have enough food for seconds lolI went to tasties plenty of times and always order the same exact platter (fried chicken, mac n cheese, and candy yams) each time I go I be hopping they change this problem but they don't which is that the fried chicken is HUGE and TASTELESS which defeats the purpose of getting soul food, the mac n cheese is disgusting and bland, the only ok thing was the candy yams but they are little to the too sweet side . Overall the atmosphere was pretty dark, not much room to sit and eat. It's a pretty long wait for the food so I advise to call ahead. 
The location is horrible, every time I go there its always some thugs hanging out the front which makes me nervous and I shouldn't be nervous picking up my food. The people who take your order aren't happy at all they always look dull and seems like they don't want to be there which is very displeasing! 
I wouldn't try again any time soon because I'm afraid that they will disappoint me once more so ima sit this out til I think they food and thug problem is handledI did a phone order for the Shrimp & Mussel pasta.. It was delicious! Great portions for the price! Not sure why it has so many negative reviews but im going back to try other things on the menu for sure!I just bought a whiting platter and Thai wings. It was SO delicious!!!! Everything was seasoned perfectly and cooked just right! The customer service was awesome! Much better than the reviews of the other Tasties reataurant in West Philly. This is now my favorite soul food spot in Germantown!
#greatsoulfood #germantownsfinestI will never go to this Tasties again.I called in a phone order they took my order over the phone told me 30 mins I said ok cool,When I got there they had no record of my order.I showed her my phone saying what time I called and to make sure the number was right,Then she gets a attitude.They have bad customer service I will never go go back againI am from jersey so I was happy to hear that open a spot over here. I have went by three times all within hours they say they are open. All three times they were closed.. I will not try again.. I don't understand how you run a business like that..This is an experience I had months ago and didn't share because I like to support black businesses but some things must be addressed in order to improve. I called and asked what time was closing. The girl replied 10 but said I must come in to place orders after 9. Annoying but no problem, I asked her what tike would the door close and orders stop since I live 20 mins away she replies 9:45. I get there and if you have been here its not in the nicest area so as a female It can be uncomfortable. I get to the door and I am unable to open it. I see a female worker at the desk staring at me as I stand outside with a two creepy men harassing me for my number. She finally proceeds to the door after watching me for a minute (keep in mind it is 9:39 so I still have time) she opens the door but blocks it so I cant come in and says with attitude "were closed" . I say that cant be true I spoke with you on the phone not too long ago and made you aware I was coming and I drove 20 mins to get here , she opens the door all the way reluctantly with attitude. I place my oder and added a cake. My order is finally done but I am so turned off by her attitude and audacity to put the tip jar back out from its hiding place after all of the grief she gave me that I hurry and pay for my food and leave. I get back to my car only to see she never gave me my cake I paid for. I double park and run back in and by the look on the male workers face and hers I saw they were livid and he yells you didn't even lock the dam door back to her. To MY AMAZEMENT IN JUST 2 mins he comes out WRAPPING FOOD FOR TOMORROW ALL WHILE SMOKING A CIGARETTE he is smoking over the FOOD !!!!!!! He is blowing smoke everywhere and disappears once he see I see him. I was APALLLLLLLED. That was the end of my dining here. Ps... Food was very salty and yams almost sent me into a diabetic crisis and Im not even diabetic.The food is good; however the customer service leaves a lot to be desired. This is not ran like a professional business. There is no uniformity the food is overpriced. In order for this business to last the owner needs to train the employees how to appreciate the people that are spending hard earned cash.Just amazing I had everything from here there Mac is to die for only thing there red velvet cake taste like lemon cake idk why but there banana crumble is delicious best thing is there salmon or whitening omg it's greatThe food is just okay here. The restaurant itself leaves a lot to be desired. I ordered the fried chicken wings, and the beef ribs. When placing the order, they ddnt have the "staples" that a soul food place should have such as greens and potato salad. That's understandable- I was just really disappointed. I'd try the food there again and make a final decision based on that visit.Had delivery.  Half my order was missing after a 2 hr wait.  Called.  We never fulfilled the order.  It was cancelled online.  Really?  Food I got was great but poor customer service.  Killed it for me.  Never ordering again.I can only speak of the 52nd St.location but I'm officially done with Tasties! Called the order in and of course they were out of potato salad and yams (no surprise here) but still proceeded with the order. We were told that she would call back in 20 min when the order was ready (of course that didn't happen) and we went to pick the order up. No changes since they first opened; still dingy and dark. I lied, they actually had their hair covered, one had a hair net and the others had scarves (so that's a change). My youngest ordered chicken wings with double Mac and Cheese. The chicken wings are huuuuuuge (no really, they are like terodactyl wings because a chickens wings are not huge). My son said they were tasteless, dry and too big (he's 9). The Mac and cheese was rated ok by him, I personally thought it was bland with little taste to it. My oldest ordered the smothered turkey chops and wasn't happy with the amount of fat, way to crunchy and soggy at the same time. My husband ordered fried fish, greens and Mac and Cheese. Fish was ok, greens were way too salty and Mac and cheese tasted like Mac only. I didn't order a platter because I already knew that they were going to be on the same bs as usual.  To sum it up, 3 platters and $40.50 later we will never order from this place again. Not the first time that we said this but it will definitely be the last. #3rdtimeisnotacharm #tasteless #no flavor #saltisnotasubstituteforflavor #1starbecause0isn'tanoptionI went last night to give it a whirl. Was very good. Ordered whiting, mac, yams, & a side of greens. Ive had better greens but they were still good & tasty. My hunni had wings which was also good & crunchy.  They were big wings too which i lovee. & that buttered roll is sooo good. They put a garlicy butter on top which tops it off. The girl taking orders could keep her complaining to herself tho telling her friend she wana go home like thats not professional 
I would recommend to try it.. next time i plan on trying the turkey chopsThey have completely fell off.  I order a whiting platter with extra sides of Mac n cheese and yams. The extra Mac had a glob of cheese in it that never melted it looked like cream cheese. The sides were 3.50 each and they were good at all. The yams looked like they had too much water in them in was eating chunky candy soup. The whittling tasted like they did season it at all yes I can see the pepper on the fish but it taste like old flour. The platter itself was like 13.50, needless to say I'm not going back. By the way they are still cash only!I am literally 11 minutes in driving from the germantown location. I called to see if they would deliver to me only because this was the first time i ordered from this location because im new to the area. I was told that the delivery fee would be "10-11$" after explaining how close I am. After asking why? The person who takes the orders says "i dont make the rules". Very unprofessional! You lost me as a customer esp consider you have to order your food 1 1/2 hours before you get hungry.I have heard good reviews about Tasties and wanted to try it out. Well I walked in the restaurant on Germantown Avenue this week and was very displeased with the customer service. There were two customers ahead of me waiting for a utensil. They must of asked about five times before both employees looked up at them from having a conversation very loudly laughing and joking. The one employee said to the other "they need a fork" The other employee said "why won't you bring it to them" As the two customers were getting frustrated I was feeling the same way for them. When I walked up to the employee to order he walked away then I asked the other employee what kind of cake was on display about four times (she was right in front of me btw) The other employee walked back and said "she is asking you about the cake" The employee said "hold on I'm doing something right now" While I was looking right in her face. the employee was arranging cakes that was already arranged btw. These employees were rude and nasty I will never step foot in Tasties AGAIN. Before all of this I was going to have my engagement party and bridal shower catered by them if the food was good, but I don't even want the food. If this is how the owner runs their business that's sad and horrible. If this was a busy night on a weekend I might not have wrote this review but it was on a weeknight. I would not recommend if you care about excellence or just good customer service. Victoria's Kitchen IS WAY BETTER!! 7304 Ogontz Ave, Philadelphia, PA 19138The food wasn't good. Not to mention I called in my order and still had to wait 45mins once I arrived.... Never again and it's so unfortunate because  it's so close to me so it would have been so convenientI have eaten at this place a few times.... tonight will be my last! The food is really the best soul food philly has that being said the business,  customer service and the overall organization Is THEE WORSE! 
Almost every time I have come into this business my order has been wrong or they are out of something & the young person taking orders at the front doesn't even have the decency to let customers know! 
Today I saw on their IG account they were having a delivery service so I called in at 5:45 pm guess what time I got my food...8:30pm!!! Mind u i live 10mins away!  I called over a dozen times looking for my order the phone lines never worked,  I got hungup on or was met with this NASTYYYYYY attitude! And my food was Luke warm! I'm done with tasties! When you can handle the demand of your customers.... maybe I will be back. MAYBE.I eat Tasties from time to time but the food can be salty asf at times. Mamas please don't give us high blood pressure!Love tasties my guy put me on this place and the chicken and shrimp pasta is second to none I don't even order pasta anywhere else because I know it won't come close to tasties and the homemade juices are phenomenal! Never disappointsI've such raving comments about the food here..I just wish I had something to rave about! I got a whiting fish sandwich and my fish were in little pieces like mini fillets. The wait was 30 min and I loved the homemade chicken tenders the sauce was great and the size of the chicken was nice as well...I hope to return in the near future.maybe I will just get pasta instead of the fish...Came into Tasties to try out their Thai wings. However they said they were out of Thai. Instead, I asked for regular fried chicken wings- they were out of that too. Apparently they were just out of chicken wings for everything. Ended up getting the BBQ chicken + 2 sides which was fine. I'll definitely come back to try out their Thai wings.Good soul food ! 
Besides the onions in the potato salad and the fact that they don't accept credit cards...the food was tasty indeed. 
I had called for pickup I wouldn't say the staff is superb I barely had any interaction with them except the lady at the front who informed me that they DID NOT accept debit/credit cards. Which I find inconvenient but it's not that serious. 
However, I will eat here again VERY soon. It's probably one of the best soul food places I tasted top 10.Customer service was horrible. I guess I should have been happy the chubby light skinned middle age woman said hello, because everything after that was less than welcoming. I asked an extra syrup, there was a pause then she said "$10".  She didn't say yes or no to the syrup. She just packed my food and didn't say thank you when handing me my food.  Really, basic customer service, a smile, greeting, response to a question and and thank you. 
Here's what I know, if more of the community would speak up to our black owned businesses and demand respect & quality service, stop settling for less, more of our business owners will take us as consumers more seriously deserving respect. We as a people tend to settle for less. 
I made it a point to write this review to highlight the poor service and to not over look another business in my community for horrible customer service, and it's s teachable moment for my daughter who accompanied me that there's value in her dollar she's spending as a consumer. 
2-stars because the food was good. 
The staff could use a few costumer services courses. Spend the money in training, it just may be worth the few extra pennies in the long run.
I will never step foot in there again!I traveled all the way from Elizabeth, NJ because I've heard such great things. Unfortunately, my experience was not so great. The service was the best part and I'd rate that a 3/5. I ordered baked chicken, yams and mac and cheese. The display of my dish was not appealing. While my 2 sides sat in its own bowls, my chicken sat in oil - making my plate very messy. My yams sat in a pool of water. I assumed they'd be dressed in some sort of glaze or syrup. The yams were an utter disappointment. The Mac and cheese was okay. Sadly, I would not go again.Delivery was so fast and the shrimp chicken Alfredo pasta and fried chicken is amazing!The chicken wings are to big and greens was real salty.  This platter I give a one starTHE BEST CHICKEN & WAFFLES YOU'LL EVER TASTE!!!! ONLY $10 ALL DAY, EVERY DAY!!!!
I am pleased to write this review. I travel from state-to-state in search of GOOD food, and I have found it at this place.
Chef Kabir makes the perfectly seasoned Chicken Tenders (that's placed on the Belgium Waffle) crispy on the outside, tender and juicy on the inside. ***please specify whether you want tenders or wings***
I advice YOU (the reader) to stop by this place and try their Chicken & Waffles and the host of other things on their exciting menu. Don't forget to pay compliments to the Chef. He will bring out tastebuds you'd thought never existed. You deserve that much :)
Happier Than A BlindGuy with Sight,
FoodJunkie JournalistThis is from a City Health Inspection that was performed a few weeks ago.  I think it pretty much speaks for itself:
"20 violations, 8 serious
Mouse droppings found throughout the facility including observed along the floor perimeters in the food prep area and storage closet; raw fish was being improperly thawed in standing water; potentially hazardous ready-to-eat food including chicken, gravy, collard greens, turkey wings, and potato salad that were prepared in the facility and held for more than 48 hours, located in the refrigerators and prep area, were not date marked; trash area observed unkempt; trash bags, containers, and boxes not observed in approved trash receptacles; Food splatter and debris observed on the floors and walls in the food prep and warewashing areas; waffle mix that contained milk was not held at proper temperatures; sweet potatoes were not reheated to the proper temperature; there was old food residue in the handwash sink in the food prep area; food employees were not wearing or wearing ineffective hair restraints, such as nets, hats, or beard restraints.
Due to imminent health hazards observed during this inspection, the establishment was issued a Cease Operations Order and must discontinue food operations immediately. The establishment could not operate for a minimum of 48 hours. Inspected May 17."
http://www.philly.com/philly/health/special_reports/clean-plates/employees-dirty-fingernails-cat-and-mouse-poop-close-philly-eateries-20180604.htmlSo far I've ordered chicken wings thai wings butter roll & yams 5stars,  fried tilapia & shrimp fried rice 4stars (they dont give u whole shrimp but cut them n half. Baked mac is 3stars. I've been there few times & only once was mac good. Every since then noodles boiled too long & cheap cheese I'm guessing bc it doesn't stick to noodles or maybe its too much butter idk. If they tighten up on wait time & professionalism they could be a better establishment. 
Called last night at 9pm was told they no longer are taking phone orders so we have to come on place order & wait which the wait time is 20-30min no joke. That annoyed me bc I live about half hour w/traffic drive away. 
Black businesses never make it bc they are so damn ghetto. Girl taking ur order on her cell phone. Talking to other ppl bout stuff that can wait till customers are gone
Sunday night they close at 10 but are turning ppl away at 945 complaining about how its time to go home. Thats unprofessional & no customer needs to hear ur complainsOverall the food is okay. The crabs were way too salty but I have been previously where they were seasoned just right. The chef gave us free sides as an apology for the salty crabs which was a nice gesture. The atmosphere is nice but stay too long because if a large party comes in and needs your table they will politely ask you to vacate.The food is always good, HOWEVER customer service whether its over the phone is kind of rude and short... In person its not that bad. If you call at 9 they wont take your order over the phone you have to come in and place your order. No matter when they take your order your always waiting for what feels like forever but honestly when you want real food instead of a quick cheesesteak the wait is understandable. My biggest issue is that you can't pay with cards they do have an ATM in the store but its 2016 there are plenty of stores around the corner that accept cards, and I really don't want to pay an Atm fee plus a bank fee just to get a platter that's 20. This place is a bit on the pricey side which makes it hard for me to understand why they wouldn't take cards. 
***Get Square it connects to an iphone or Ipad and accepts card payments for you.***I went in the other day to see what the hype was about. I ordered the fried chicken wing platter w mac and cheese and collard greens. The customer service was horrible. The woman behind the counter had an attitude it was loud and inside and she was rude to everyone that ordered. I left and came back and my food still wasn't done. Finally 30 min later I had my food but they forgot the roll. At that point I was so irritated that I wasn't going back in there. But once I sat down.... THAT FOOD
 WAS DELICIOUS! !!! At that point I could care less about the customer service because the food speaks for itself. I wish they were nicer but hey id rather have good food and bad service than bad food and good service. ..Honestly, this place has more potential than they offer. The food here is amazing. From their fried chicken wing platter, to their BBQ beef ribs. Just a delightful mouthwatering taste. I literally ONLY come back just for the food. But my experience coming in here every time was ALWAYS horrible. From calling in your order, the woman that answers the phone always has an attitude and has absolutely NO patience. Your in the food industry, besides food, your customer service is what draws people back. I'm sure if they had better employees, they would definitely draw in a bigger crowd than they do.The greens beans were very overseasoned. The Mac and Cheese is ok but the buffalo wings were horrible. I ordered the wings and got my food about 30 minutes later. When i got home ready to eat, the wings were so dry and overcooked the sauce just ran off the wings. When i took it back the cashier said i should have checked it first. How about not serving nasty food.Price was good. But the food was to salty. I had the fish fried rice and chicken tenders. I couldn't finish my meal! Both of which were just seasoned with to much salt. I tried but I will not be returning. #layoffthelawrysStaff was pleasant and attentive even though it was Friday during happy hour rush. Food was very good but we were taken aback when our server informed us that the owner said there are no happy hour FOOD SPECIALS today. I don't know any successful restaurants that pick and choose if they will or WILL NOT offer HAPPY HOUR FOOD SPECIALS especially on a Friday at 5pm. Nevertheless,  the food was good and we will probably go back again. Hopefully they will secure the happy hour menu.Never again will I patronize this restaurant! Last night my nieces and nephew went there to celebrate a birthday and these young people were made to wait 3 hours for food! The staff repeatedly seated and served others ahead of them simply because they were young people in their teens. Each of these young people have a strong  work ethic and earn their money and wanted to spend their dollars with a black business and this is how they were treated in return!! How can you take advantage of anyone who walks through your doors to spend money??? My fiancé and I will never set foot in there again and I will let everyone I know not to support them.Omg!!!!! The owner and her establishment five stars is not enough credit... From Houston came in and the first place I felt the southern hospitality. She is awesome and very open... The chicken was whole wings, crispy and very tasty!!! Sides you can't describe the flavor!!! Beautiful owner so her deserts match her... We had strawberry and lemon magnificent.. Will return every chance I get.. Thanks Yelp for directing me here.. Congrats on Black Woman Ownership!!!!!I came here Saturday night after hearing about the place for quite some time. I ordered the Baked Chicken Platter only to be told they don't have it.
I didn't want to try my luck with another platter so I opted for the Chicken Fingers and an order of fries. After I paid a few minutes later I was told they are out of fries and I got my money back for the fries.
Overall experience could be better, don't know why the full menu wasn't available Saturday night. Also it would have been nice to check if you had fries before you took my money.
Chicken Fingers were good, but the service is mediocre.
Will try them again to see if they improve.YOU WILL NOT BE DISAPPOINTED !!!! It closes at 11 which is nice , considering that everyone else closes too early . 
IT WAS SO GOOD !!! 
EVERY BITE WAS EXACTLY WHAT WE WERE LOOKING FOR ! 
Since it was our first time and all we really wanted was Mac & Cheese, (proud cheese addict) we agreed on the :
6 Lemon Pepper Wings w/ 2 Sides 
Our sides being : Potato Salad & Mac & Cheese 
Add extra side of Mac and side of Sweet Potatoes 
(They ran out of Greens )
The people were nice and there's a few places to sit . 
We decided to get our side of Mac right then and there while we waited for the platter .
Let's just say , after 2 bites , we ordered another one  
It was just how we hoped it would be ! 
Not greasy , but cheesy , but not wet . Lol 
All OUR preference . 
Even though we drove the food all the way back home , the chicken was still PERFECTLY crunchy ! No soggy wings ! Everything was delicious & I can not wait to go back . 
P.S : I will definitely be asking for an extra roll next time because I LOVE bread and it was perfectly soft and buttery !The best soul food I've had in a while. Everything was delicious!! My out of town family had the short ribs and lemon herb wings and I had the BBQ chicken. We all had yams and greens. When I say EVERYTHING WAS AMAZING, I mean it!!! I will be going back again.So I was told the food was great here. They have a shrimp Alfredo that is amazing. The service was terrible. The girl who answered the phone only put one order in when I asked for two then rushed me to get there and I had to wait for 30 extra minutes. If your in a rush forget it!!!Just wondering if they're closed.. THEY NEVER ANSWER THE FONE!! How?! How do you expect to do business if you don't answer the phone to take orders?! Goodbye.1st time here and I loved everything in my fried chicken platter! I enjoyed my buttery dinner roll, fried wings, baked macaroni & cheese with collard greens. The only thing that I didn't care for was the shady looking/acting young dudes lurking around outside (which is not the restaurant's fault).If u go to Tasties use the Germantown location as  appearance,  service, and quality of food is vastly superior than the west philly location .. I have tried several dishes from each location and i refuse to go to the West Philly location againFood was ok, service was delayed. Waited 48 minutes once arriving at the restaurant after pre-ordering over the telephone. I found that to be unacceptable as they had not been busy but seemed like staff was sluggish. I won't be ordering from here again unfortunately. I refuse to support businesses that can't even give the audacity of being pleasant when a legit concern is posed.I've ordered from here 3 times. The first time was soooo good! I got the Tasties fried shrimp with dipping sauce. The shrimp were fried perfectly and the sauce was so good. The 2nd time I ordered grilled chicken and shrimp over rice. Everything was so dry. I was hugely disappointed. Finally I decided to give them a final try. I ordered Thai Chili Wings and crab fries. The crab fries were on point. Seasoned perfectly, and fried kinda soft the way I like my fries. The wings were too sweet for me. I expected them to be more tangy but again I was disappointed. I will always support black business', but I'm good off of Tasties for a little while lolThe salmon Alfredo is the bomb that's all I have to say. You may have to wait a little, well more than intended for your food but its worth the wait "sometimes".,I usually get the fried fish with the Mac & cheese and greens. Everything is seasoned so perfect. Nothing is too salty or overly/under seasoned. I usually call on the phone & order ahead of time. They never take longer than expected. The only negative thing i have to say is that their customer service isn't the best.Damn this place was disappointing smh.. service was lackluster food is wayyy too overpriced.. I don't mind paying higher price points if the quality matches, but that simply wasn't the case. The takeout menu is a lot cheaper than dining in, the lobby was full of take out customers. I understand why.  The crispy chicken sandwich was a joke the chicken they used was super thin and small.. for $16?? I expect a decent amount. The candy yams was a soupy consistency not syrup based the broth was as thin as water. The Mac and cheese was good. They brought out dinner rolls drenched in melted butter which was confusing because it wasn't even warm, they were def sitting out a while.
My sisters baked chicken had leftover oil from the pan it was cooked up all over the plate, it was a mess. I recommended the place and felt bad for letting everyone down lol. It was new and wanted to give it a chance heard good things from my coworkers. I witnessed none of what they praised about it.. I will say the Mac and cheese was good and the southern chicken is good and the wings were big. Everything else was nowhere near restaurant quality. Would've been much happier with my local JC fish marketI thought the food was really good despite opinions from other people. The restaurant itself is beautiful the location is a little off I'm mean it's literally at 52nd and Girard which means there is limited parking. 
All in all I enjoyed it. I'd definitely go back. This time around I had the southern fried chicken with cabbage and cheese and Mac. (They aren't stingy with the portions) I left with a full belly!I had fried chicken breast platter w/veggie rice (didn't see no veggies in it just brown rice) and mac&cheese. I also ordered shrimp platter (shrimp wasn't cleaned) w/cabbage and mac&cheese. Cabbage was alright seemed old leaves were super big, could've been cutup more. Mac&cheese lil dry not too good just okay. On top of everything else it came to $30 dollars, wouldn't do that again for that price food wasn't worth it.......Great food, amazing service!  The lamb chops were delicious.  Can't wait to come backmy daughter was trying to celebrate her birthday here and the staff left then they said she needed reservations and didn't have any food worst place ever i will never ever go back again and there is a citation on there window from the city of philadelphia. worst restaurant ever they say support black buisness but the shit being run ass backwards fohI went here the other day I really liked the lemon pepper wings. All i had was that my girl had shrimp and mussel pasta which was good also mac and cheese was ok also. If you like lemon pepper wings go here bcuz they really really good...I've tried this place when it first opened and didn't like it much because of the brontosaurus wings.  I decided to give it another shot..and those damn brontosaurus wings are still being cooked.  They are too tough!  Besides those I feel like just about every side I ate had a little spice to it which makes them all taste the same.The food is great, however call ahead, if not your gonna wait for a very long time. I ordered two sides of Mac & cheese and waited over 30 mins ( for sides ) The young lady working the front is ta say the least very immature and nonchalant. Hopefully they figure it out before business dries up..Tasties restaurant on 52nd st is the real deal! Fast service, good food, bomb ass drinks... you can't beat it! I ordered the BBQ short ribs with the greens and macaroni and cheese and I was not disappointed! Also make sure to try their Dream Chaser drink as well. It will have you ready for that itis nap in no time!Hit & miss smh won't be ordering from here again !! Fish platter was,horrible roll for platter extremely hard! Waste of money &, travel time..I attended this establishment yesterday with family and friends. It was the worst service I've ever received on top of our bill being almost $400. We all literally ordered a appetizer, a drink and a meal. The owner was dressed with booty shorts and her cleavage was out. We waited over a hour to receive our food despite us being there way before some of the owners friends coming in and receiving their food and drinks before us. The owner sister and friends were at the table next to us drinking their lives away and being very disruptive with their loud and obviously drunk conversations. She never acknowledged us except when she needed a chair from our table to give to someone else. She also was sitting and chilling with friends smoking hookah. When we addressed that we were unsatisfied with our service she gave nothing but excuses. If you're not a familiar face to them prepare yourself to be treated like an unwanted stepchild. And to top it off I made a post on Instagram about my experience and someone on her team from her restaurant's page left a very unprofessional comment that lacked proper grammar... DINE AT YOUR OWN RISKNever coming here again!  Waited nearly 2 hrs for prepaid food!  Complete unacceptable!Food was really good I love the fried chicken...I got 3 platters and everything came out good...the sides ate really good and tasty too and the strawberry cake was soooo good I loved it mostGood food.  I only got sides from Tasties to complement my meal.  They were all that.  Very tasty and I was impressed.  This was my second time going to the restuarant.
The first time wasn't so good.  I ordered a cheeseburger only for them to tell me it takes 45 minutes! What? A cheeseburger taking longer than a steak? No way.  That really turned me off, but since they are right around the corner from me, I had to give them another try and they didn't fail.
Went back again to tasties. I wanted some turkey chops so bad. Called and placed an order for my hubby and my daughter and when I asked for my turkey chops they were out! They were also out of Mac n cheese and greens. Like wut? They lost out in a $50 order because they didn't have one thing on the menu. 
This has happened MORE than once! Like how do you run out of staple menu items and it wasn't even near closing time. 
The food is good I will say but the customer service needs some work.the restaurant was beautiful the waitress was friendly that's all. Firstly I arrived for a dinner party at 830 PM we weren't even served bread until 1030pm by then I was starving my food was cold and then they forced us to put everyone's order together claiming they can't separate the bill because of 5 or more then they telling us they dont accept debit card when I seen them take the card for several of our party while separating their bill. Some of our party ordered buffalo wings. the wind were served on top of the blue cheese they gave them crinkle cut fries from the freezer.  I will never eat there againLate Night Chef!
Tasties is a beautiful restaurant firstly and if you speak with respect to the employees they respect you in turn. I have been to Tasties three times and each time it had customers enjoying themselves and the aroma of delicious food. The crowd can get a lil rowdy but it still has a very comfortable vibe. I have never dealt with any disrespect here and I like that. I think if you walk into a reasonable establishment with a positive attitude you usually are met with the same attitude. 
Okay lets talk food. I am a strict vegetarian and I love soul food. Usually I can't have much of what's on the menu but I don't mind getting a few items if the food quality is good or the food is delicious. I really enjoy Tasties backed macaroni and cheese. I have had the yams and potatoe salad and they were both pretty good as well. The lemon cake and seven up cake are honestly becoming a guilty pleasure of mine... so good.
The last time I was there, I was running late and I came at like 11:02 but I was really hungry. I asked the chef if I could still purchase some baked macaroni and cheese & cake if there was any left. He inquired as to why I didn't want anything else and I told him that I didn't eat any meat. This man made me a vegetarian pasta on the spot even though it was the end of, what I'm sure was, a long day! I still got my baked mac and cheese and my cake but I got the opportunity to try something new and I really appreciated that. The food was great, the chef is mad cool, if you're on the fence you should definitely try Tasties!Ordered my food at 800pm didn't get it untill 1045 worst service ever bunch of people walking in and out of the kitchen that I don't even think work there never and I mean never will I ever go back to this place EVEChicken Wings Thai WingsR!!!!Tasties Soul Food has the best Lemon Pepper Wings and Salmon Alfredo ‍.. I travel all the way from New Jersey to come to Philly just for Tasties ! You must try the two dishes I just named , you won't be disappointed!Good food HORRIBLE customer service and HORRIBLE with timing!! I order from here twice both times I was told it would be 40mins for a pick up I showed up 50 mins later and still had to wait 40 mins for my food BOTH times. Very unsatisfied!!Only writing this because I love supporting black Biz ...and been there before and love the food ... but if your window and online advertising say you open at 11am ... and I show up at 2pm ... that's not a good look if the lady in the lobby say we not open yet ... my advice to all would be call first or go elsewhereThis restaurant has to be the worst soul food restaurant in Philadelphia and all of the surrounding counties. The customer service was horrible, we had to ask for menus. When the waitress did bring a menu to the table, she only bought one menu. We had to ask the waitress to wipe down the table, and she only wiped the side of the table that my oldest son was sitting on. It took them almost and hour to give us our food, meanwhile people are coming in there picking up orders. The food wasn't better than anything that I could have cooked myself as I used to cook for the Fresh Grocer Supermarket. The Macaroni and Cheese was not seasoned well at all, and looked like something that was prepared for the first time by someone who has no cooking experience. The String Beans were canned. Are you kidding me? Who serves canned vegetables in a soul food restaurant? The chicken breast was boneless and bland. The lemon pepper wings tasted good. The roll and gravy tasted good also. The Seafood fries was nothing more thsn French Fries with Old Bay Seasoning. Last but certainly not least, the bathroom looked like it has NEVER BEEN CLEANED.Dined in, the food was very tasty, I ordered the smothered turkey chops and the gravy was amazing. Atmosphere gets a A+ very clean and I received my food in a timely manner, great experience.The food wasn't that bad I guess, I'm sure I just choose an inappropriate dish for my liking, the atmosphere of the restaurant was delightful minus the freezing temperatures. My discontentment issue came with CUSTOMER Service. They weren't rude or anything but they DEFINITELY were not friendly or inviting. I doubt very serious if I'll ever return to this establishment ever again to receive marginal, over priced food and inadequate customer service. I'm good I'll spend my money elsewhere!I go to Tasties  quite often.  I enjoy their food.  Don't go in there expecting five-star treatment because you'd be sadly disappointed. Don't go in there expecting the music to be opera or jazz , it's an urban restaurant who plays urban music. Don't expect the workers to be on par with five star restaurants either. Most of the workers are from the neighborhood which is great . It's probably their first job. I'm grateful they have something to do and they are gainfully employed . They may not be trained as well as you'd like but they get the job done Tasties  is a to go soul food restaurant who happens to have a dining area where you can enjoy their food with family and friends.I love everything about this place. The food is delicious and they give you good portions as well. I love the entire interior of the restaurant it's definitely not a regular soul food spot you would find in Philly. You feel the sense of luxury once you walk inside. I never had a drink there but I believe they have alcohol and also the best and my favorite part is that they have Hookah. The bathrooms are always clean and there's always good music playing while enjoying lunch or dinner with friends or family. One of my favorite soul food spots in Philly. I always come back.I ordered shrimp and chicken pasta . First off the place is a hole in the wall . It needs to be fixed in that place . A better paint job and some of the walls need to be fixed . Anyway as far as the service it went fast . The food should be a lot better for the price . It was too much seasoning and sauce on the pasta to the point that it was just too salty . They had drenched the pasta with old bay, pepper , butter and I think curry was in it . They have to do better.So I tried Tasties at their 52nd Street location. It's a little unprofessional, i.e.: cursing between the cook and the front desk person. I would call ahead to place orders (small or big) to eliminate waiting. Back to the food- I ordered the fried whiting fish platter w/ Mac and cheese and sweet potatoes. The platter came with a nice helping of the sides and 4 nice size pieces of fish. I would definitely order the fish again. My husband ordered the lemon pepper wings, with the same sides. If you're not a lover of tangy and lemon strong flavors, then don't order the wings. I thought they were good, but very tangy. Overall, I would highly recommend Tasties. And they only accept cash, no cards.The fish wasn't done .My pasta platter was empty . I had ten minutes on hold and when i got there i had another hour wait. NEVER AGAIN!!!The wait was extremely long and a lot of customers asked for money back because they have been waiting for two hours. The cashier tried to communicate with the cook but he instantly started cursing at her and yelling which caused an argument. We all heard it and the cashier was swamped with people telling her they've been waiting long. I got my food and the Alfredo sauce was super thick and my chicken was burnt and the pasta underneath was all stuck together with no sauce. The owner definitely needs to make some improvements this place used to be my go to spot.I went here for my birthday and made reservations a week in advance and still had to wait 1 and a half hours to be seated. It was cold and the waiting area was dirty. The food was cold as well. By the time we ordered there were barely any food options left and that was the kicker. There was no parking. Drinks were over priced. My server was nice though.Wait time is a BIG BIG BIG problem with this business. I ordered shrimp Alfredo and waited over an hour. There was no one inside the store so there was no way they were busy. Only one person walked out with food the entire time I waited an hour. I went inside the pick up the food, the girl then said, "It's coming up about 15 mins." After ordering on the phone and waiting about 25 mins. 15 more mins go by.... "It's still coming." Waited ANOTHER 45 mins.... Ridiculous!!!! What were they hand spinning the pasta noodles? INSANE. I waited at least 90 mins... AT LEAST.... no apology no nothing.... Also the inside is not very appealing. This place looks like a hole in the wall seriously all jokes aside. The owner really needs to get it together and fix up her locations. The Alfredo wasn't good btw. What a waste of time. It was greasy and messy. I will NEVER eat from Tasties every again in life.Use to eat there every weekend for dinner they kinda fell off. the Mac and cheese + Yums is a hit or missMy fiancé and I saw Tasties on DoorDash and decided to give it a try. I heard good things about this restaurant so, I was looking forward to it. Let me note, I understand it is a very hectic time for many restaurants who are experiencing a surge in their takeout orders but, what we experienced was not ok. We ordered 2 Whiting platters, one with potato salad, and collard greens.. the other with mac and cheese, and greens. My fiancé also ordered some Lemon Pepper Wings. About an hour and a half after we placed the order, our first DoorDash driver called and said he was waiting for about 2 hours for our food. He was frustrated but, he said he would wait a little longer. Eventually he ended up leaving. Then we got a notification that a second driver was waiting for our food. That driver ended up leaving too. So, we got yet another notification that someone else was waiting to retrieve our food. When the food finally arrived and I opened up my platter, I was disappointed. As I mentioned earlier, one platter (my platter) was supposed to have greens and potato salad. There was no potato salad, but a second dinner roll that had collard green juice all over it. The platter featured 4 small pieces of fish. It was not satisfying. My fiancé's platter was worse; he was given 3 straggly pieces of fish, and a few fish crumbs. The wings he ordered were supposed to be lemon pepper but, he said they tasted more like garlic parmesan. My fiancé said the mac was not bad, and the greens were ok. In all honesty, the fish had nice crunch and flavor, but I feel like we got the end of the night scraps. Another negative is the fact that our food arrived 3+ hours after we ordered it. I feel like I would want to give them another try when things are not so chaotic. Even though our first impression was not so great, the food was not horrible. They certainly need to do better though.This restaurants grand opening was listed for over a week ago and shown on FYI 6 ABC. I looked on the website to find the hours and location in West Philadelphia and they appear to be open. I arrived at the restaurant approximately 2:30 in the afternoon on Sunday, April 21, 2018 to only find the restaurant was not open for business. Not only was the new space closed so was the old or original space. The hours show they're supposed to be open every day up until at least 10 PM. Maybe it was just free advertisement on the News to get people to come out. The windows had brown paper on the windows so you cannot see through them.
I will try again at a later date to see if they are open but, if this is how business will be conducted I can't imagine me coming back. No sign on the door, no voicemail, no notification whatsoever regarding the status of restaurant.I wish I had read the Yelp reviews and the menu before I stopped there. But I saw it, was in the mood for soul food and so decided to try it. First off, the menu is very limited and they only take cash. The woman who took my order was a little rude and acting as if she would rather not have served me. I asked for a sandwich on a kaiser roll but at 3pm they were out of rolls. I asked for wheat toast and they could not give me toast. So I asked for wheat bread. I also asked for tarter sauce on a fish sandwich, but they had no tartar, only hot sauce or ketchup. So I ask for hot sauce. The woman seemed really unhappy to be taking my order at all! It took almost a half hour to get what I did order, some mac and cheese and the fish sandwich. The mac and cheese was dry and bland, and the fish sandwich was wrong: it was on white bread, not wheat, and had no hot sauce like I had asked. All in all, a disappointing experience, not really soul food, and I do not recommend them.Okay so the food is great. The service is horrible . They're so rude and disgusting. They don't answer the phone and the food takes MONTHS to get done. It Smell in here and i was itching smh idc how bad i want it i will never againI ordered from here a while ago and they were good the first time. This time around, I ordered the shrimp and chicken pasta. It was super super salty, only 4 shrimp in the whole platter and my broccoli was cold. I ordered a tilapia platter too for my mother. The cabbage was crunchy like it wasn't cooked long enough and it was way under seasoned. I got a side of old bay fries but they never came with my order. I requested a refund, fortunately I got it with no problem. I doubt I'll be ordering from here again.Here you can- Fine dine on Soul Food in the dining area, or private back room. Grab food and cocktail drinks or enjoy a hookah at the bar. Solo friendly at the bar, dining area is family friendly,  meet up with friends or family, coworkers or have an event. 
Located in West Philadelphia, this upscale soul food fine dining restaurant, adds an uplifting fresh touch and experience to a neglected and underserved community! And bringing fine dining to underserved communities is the owners intention! She can be found onsite walking around being social and very engaging.  Adding a very inviting touch to the chic and posh establishment.  
My ratings are based on a 5 star scale. Where 1 star is tragic and 5 star is Ouwww terrific!  
Overall ratings- 5 stars!
Customer service- 5 stars
Food taste- 5 stars! Ouuwww! Everything our party had was soul food excellence! 
Food portions- 5 stars! The Salmon Jumbo shrimp Alfredo pasta dish I had was HUGE! I grazed on it like a cow for an hour, and STILL had enough left over for lunch the next day. 
Cleanliness- 5 stars
Decor- 5 stars. Plush posh and chic Americana with clean lines. Bar has all white granite counter tops. 
Ambiance- 5 stars! I had a ball! Meet up with a couple friends here on my first visit. Had such a great time that I came back for Philly's first Black restaurant week,  at this location with a group of 8 women for a girl's night out! We were VERY accommodated and will certainly be back!!!
Note- The Hookahs are for the bar only! 
The neighborhood is still economically under developed, but there's plenty of free parking.Tasties ? More like TASTELESS! Where is the taste in this "tasties" food? Everything from Tasties is oversized and tasteless. It's like they are trying to get off by giving you an abundance of nothing. And then when you call to place your order they don't have half of the food on the menu. So don't be fooled by the large menu, it's a scam like "Wake Up Now".This is my first time writing a review but felt this needed to be said. When my husband and I first walked in to be seated the young lady at the door was playing on her phone. After she looked up she showed us to our table. Her attitude was very bad and she seemed annoyed to be at work. That pissed my husband off right away. 
Time to order our food and pretty much every side dish my husband wanted to order was sold out and once again the young lady was rude sucking her teeth under her breath. 
Ok so now we're here for about 30 minutes another couple came in and was seated next to us and we all noticed that the next table over has been dirty the whole time! The way the servers talk is like everyone is a friend and not a customer. Ex: "y'all ready to order", "what else y'all want". 
The food was good but because the customer service was off it ruined the experience and didn't want to stay any much longer than what was needed. At the very end the waitress tried to be nicer because she knew it was check and tip time. ‍Wow, so I just ordered through UberEats, not really sure if this was going to be good or not. I was hungry, figured I would continue with my support of Black-Owned and try here as I've never eaten here. But I have food in the fridge just in case, lol. The reviews seemed mixed, so I knew it was a gamble. OMG was this food good. I got the fried wings platter. The wings were perfectly fried crispy and seasoned well, but not overdone. They are bigger than I am comfortable with, but they were good! The mac and cheese, the sweet potatoes were great!! Then they have these butter garlic rolls- WHAT!!?? I had to stop myself from eating the entire (large) portion that was sent. It's been a few minutes since I stopped eating and started writing this, but I keep thinking about it. I just hope that if and when I buy from here again, I have the same experience, if not better!!Tastie wing platter is nasty i hope people stop lying on this food im a person that tell the truth and its nasty i had a good wing platter one time from here after that the worst mac is dry look like its mad with just cheese and noodles yams are watery like mash taste like sugar an them big wings are not good with no taste wish i can share how it lookThis is a soul food place that' wouldn't be half bad if they were consistent. But maybe it's the pandemic.  I have been wanting potato salad and the last ten times I've called Tasties they haven't had any. My husband loves the fried chicken wings. The wings are HUGE and the price is good. Many things are a hit or miss on the menu. Fried rice is pretty good except when they don't put the onions and peppers as done in the past. Consistency is key to repeat customers staying repeat customers.Visited Tasties for dinner and it did not live up to the hype. :-( The decor is fabulous and certainly well designed however there are still many noticeable areas of incomplete work throughout the dining room. The menu offers great options and servings are large but is very overpriced for the quality and service. The servers are inexperienced and have limited training (clearly evident by their attire, knowledge of availability of items, sequencing of service, very slow, etc) They definitely focu$ed more on decor than on service & food quality and unfortunately for the price point... you have to have it all.I came here for a friends birthday, it was a birthday dinner and the restaurant looks pretty good, nice chandelier, nice accent colors, etc. when the waiter came out to take our order she took our she brought back glasses of water, so we assumed there was either no other beverages or she didn't mention them if there were any so that was one thing but no big deal. Anything she brought out she had hovering over my head which is not safe at all, she keep reaching over me and few others heads and food. Another thing is they only take cash NO cards but on top of that the staff and customer service and general just wasn't good. Before we left I wanted to take a slice of cake for dessert and I tried getting the attention of one of the you guys and he looked right at me, grabbed cookies, looked at me crazy and walked right back to his friend to talk!!! It was just a mess. The food was food though but the service sucked, I suggest the take out optionCustomer service was lacking.  Called an hour and half before they closed but they weren't taking any more phone orders. So I went in to place my order. The order girl was kind of ghetto. On the phone talking about her personal business(after she took my order though). Food took a while to come out 25-30 min, but it was hot, even for the ride home. I ordered the chicken alfredo but I wanted my broccoli in it, not on the side and it was actually a discussion about whether it would be and upcharge. I was confused bc again broccoli also comes with the order. Didn't see the bid deal with mixing it in. Anyway I wasn't charged and they did as I asked and it was pretty good.  Not amazing but good. Had the chicken fried rice and that was seasoned pretty well had a really nice flavor. Ordered the salmon salad and there were no complainants,  thought it was a generous portion of salmon. The salad was fresh and the salmon was cooked perfectly. Last but not least the mussels. It wasn't super buttery just again great flavor. I liked them so much I have tried atleast three times to order them again but no luck they were out. I will go back to try some other stuff, the service didn't turn me all the way off.I've been going to tasties for years now and it seems to be getting worse the more I go. The last time i went , I order 2 salmon platters and a  chicken platter. It took over a hour and the salmon was COMPLETELY over cooked. If you try tasties, I recommend the Germantown location.First off. The restaurant is beautiful!' However its in the hood!  The bar maid was smoking hookah behind the bar!! Let's get to the main reason that I am writing this review. The FOOD is HORRIBLE.  My husband and I ordered Fried chicken wings, mac and chez, and yams, ordered an extra side of string beans. The wings where big as hell also the wings was the lowest quality of wings. The Mac and cheese was all cheese, runny stringy cheese served in a bowl. The String Beans were from a CAN, salty and over  seasoned and served in an bowl !! The  yams was watery and served in a bowl! So, I had three bowls in front of me and one Square plate of my big anabiotic chicken wings
Please keep in mind when you serve food in bowls it's supposed to be eaten with SPOONS!!smh . The Drinks, non alcoholic drinks were served in cocktail glasses. The water was served in wine glassware.  If you are going to have a fabulous upscale restaurant you have to be consistent straight across the board. In everything.  Oh yes, This is a soul Food restaurant RIGHT!!  Why are we serving Turkey hill Sweet tea!!! No why!!! Why are we serving Aunt Jam-a Pancakes!! How I know because we can see the BOX.  This is the last thing!! Why was our bill was almost $60, eating in the hood, nasty food!!! So this is why I am writing this review I felt like I got ripped off, Hoodwinked!! This place is joke. I am so pissed off I drove 30 min wasted gas tolls and
My time, just to feed my stomach this junk.  This goes to show you don't judge a book by its cover. 
Beautiful, place but horrible food!!  Oh one more thing please wipe your plates down before you present them before your Cusromer, food should not be dripping off the plates. Too bad the don't have Half of a Star!!A hot mess. First I asked for Lamb. They didn't have it.  Ribs? Didn't have it. I said WHAT DO YALL
HAVE?! Ended up with tasteless fried chicken wings. And to top it off,  they forgot my side of potato salad. Neverrrrrr ever again.Everything was great. You cant go wrong. Went there for the first time on Friday and went back on Sunday.. Fried Chicken, Salmon and shrimp Alfredo, Catfish, Cornbread, Blackened Salmon, Mash potatoes and chicken gravy, And greens.. Popping..I ordered a fried tilapia platter through UberEATS at 7p and the eta was 7:20.. 7:20 comes and goes and next thing I know it's 5 mins to 8p..I decided to call to find out what time my food would be going out and the dude who answered food was BEYOND rude..all he kept saying was "I gotta 100 other orders" and when I told him I just wanted to know when my food was going out his response was "like I said I got 100 other orders so i don't know when your food is going out, so call uber and complain" his tone and attitude was very nasty...and last time I checked UberEATS aren't making my food YOU ARE! So that's just what I did, I contacted UberEATS and complained that my food was taking entirely too long and my  order was cancelled after an hour of waiting. So now my $14 is still in my pocket and this place lost a potential customer. I wanted to give this place a shot but after I was spoken to the way I was I decided to pass on this place entirely. To the owner please teach your staff some professional customer service skills as well as a few etiquette classes because apparently there is an ongoing issue with your staffThe food here is great, service is something else. They take 45 minutes to an hour to prepare your meal and before you leave check your order to make sure you got everything. I don't know how good their biscuits are but I guess a lot of people want them for free. That they will go outside hide them and come back and say they're wasn't in the bag. The bag you just made up.First off this restaurant is a disgrace! The restaurant on 52st in Philly is trash!!! Never again! Service is horrible. Just got our food after being here for 2hrs! Reservations were at 7:00 didn't get our food till 9:00! Food is mediocre! Fish not seasoned! Mac and cheese was nasty! It was a mess! Oh and I waitress was smoking hookah while we waited for our food to come out.The "Brunch Chef" stood in the kitchen and smoked hookah as the smoke blew back on the food being cooked. Not only did we wait 2 hours but then the waitress comes and says "they didn't tell me there is no short ribs." So 2 hours and nobody told. So 1 person didn't even eat! It was so uncouth in there! I will be dragging them on all social media platforms! On the owners as well!I just ate at this restaurant. My husband and I are from NYC.  I saw Tasties on IG.  And wanted to try. Disappointed as soon as we entered. The young lady that's to seat us was busy on her phone.  When we got seated she came over asked what we wanted. I was confused why. She had a full head of weave and it was not controlled. Because of that my husband didn't order.  I order the chicken sandwich cause I didn't want to waste the trip.  I ordered a fruit punch which came with a fly in it. The food came and she didn't replace my drink. After 10 minutes of watching her on her phone I ask her if she was going to replace my drink.  Long story short.  They didn't have the crab I wanted cause it was seasonal the restaurant is full of flies and they need hair nets. The chicken sandwich was ok. A little salty. But I unfollowed them on IG and would NEVER eat there again. The concept is good. Just need better staffingOkay so i came here for a surprise birthday for my sister today and the service from beginning to end WAS HORRIBLE! Came here at 7:45p and we got our food late af 10:45. We asked to be seated and was told to wait (which was a hour)bc we had a large party (15 ppl). About 8 ppl left! Our food took sooooo long! The owner was UNPROFESSIONAL over all! SERVICE WAS SOOOOOOOOOOO BAD! I wouldn't recommend this place to anyone! They added a "service fee" of $40 which we had to go back and forth about bc the service is what was BAD! We did not have an active server. Can't even remember her name. She brought us water then we didn't see her for an hour! Will never come back, so disappointed in the overall service. I love black own companies but this was unacceptable!!!! No compensation for the terrible service. Black businesses must become more professional.The food was really good the first time I tasted it a few years back. Grabbed a few platters last week & the taste & service is definitely not what it used to be. 
Good: 
Platters.  Nice size portions for the cost. 
Shrimp/chicken/salmon alfredo. When seasoned just right, it is one of the best items on the menu
Fish fried rice.
Chicken wings. They are large whole wings (not wingettes)
Need Improvement:
The cost of a slice of cake. $5/slice.......
Candy Yams are a hit or miss. At times they can be so flavorable & other times it can be just a sugary potato. 
Mac & Cheese is one if my favs but recently its been served a little too greasy for my taste.
Too much salt. (black folks already at risk for hypertension) 
Customer Service. It begins @ hello!!!
Wait times. Thurs- Sat are theeee longest
Consistency. Consistency is key to every business success. When quality & great service remains consistent.......so does your customers & money.
I'm not sure who is responsible for managing the 52nd st location, but, I hope they take these reviews in consideration when making changes to bettering the restaurant.The food wasn't that bad I guess, I'm sure I just choose an inappropriate dish for my liking, the atmosphere of the restaurant was delightful minus the freezing temperatures. My discontentment issue came with CUSTOMER Service. They weren't rude or anything but they DEFINITELY were not friendly or inviting. I doubt very serious if I'll ever return to this establishment ever again to receive marginal, over priced food and inadequate customer service. I'm good I'll spend my money elsewhere!First and foremost, I am a big supporter of black businesses especially black businesses ran by women but my experience wasn't the best. Overall... the restaurant is stunning from the chandeliers to the accent colors but I felt really ridiculous eating at a restaurant with plastic utensils. The drinks were great, the food was okay but the customer service needs major improvement. In despite of our waitress being a little inebriated, she was nice and we still tipped and made the best out of the dining experience. Would I ever return? Probably for the drinks.
DISCLAIMER: IT'S CASH ONLY!!!I went in the restaurant to place an order , BIG MISTAKE, I should have called it in. The cashier told me 35-40 minutes I ended up waiting a hour and 15-20 minutes!
There was no signs posted which said "cash only ! I know I should have known better ! The food is ok , the salmon was dry and small as heck!
I was disappointed that when I ask could I order a veggie platter she told me "No!" 
The service and wait time was ridiculous! The fact I couldn't  order a meatless platter, during this day and age was disappointing!
Would I return maybe! 
The wait time was HORRIBLE FORLight skin big lady she has a whole stank ass attitude and like rolling her eyes for nothing when I came in for doordash. Instead of telling me their system is down which I called doordash customer service to find out. She tells me we're not doing doordash with a stank attitude. What a miserable Germantown lady.Today I ordered from This establishment for the first time and my experience was extremely dissatisfying. I placed my order via Uber eats fully understanding that using two companies double my chances for errors or mishaps. Uber eats has its flaws but for the most part they are truly reliable.  I placed my order ( listed below)  
 Salmon w/ Mac & cheese and Candied yams
Whiting Sandwich
Whiting sandwich
Whiting Sandwich
Side of Mac & Cheese
BBQ chicken Platter w/ Mac & Cheese and Candied yams
The total was 60.10, so we are not talking about a $13 order. 
After waiting for almost an hour ( I'll charge the wait time to Uber eats but I was updated when and extended time was applied and received a credit) I received my order with the following :
 Salmon w/ Mac & cheese and Candied yams
I contacted Tasties attempting to get the error corrected and was directed by the blatantly annoyed girl on the phone to contact Uber eats there was Tasties could. I asked if I could speak to the manager and the girl rudely responded that there was no one here and disconnected the phone.  When I Called back a gentleman answered the phone this time repeating the same story to contact Uber eats and not offering any type of solution. I asked if the gentlemen could confirm the correct order had been given to the driver and the gentleman began to become irate and again did not offer any type of solutions but to point the finger at Uber eats I will no longer be supporting this establishment nor it's ghetto practices.The customer service that we receive was perfect. I ordered fried chicken wings, candied yams, cabbage, and baked mac. I was offered desserts-- I chose to have the banana crumble (which tasted a little bland). The fried chicken was cooked a little too hard for my liking. Nevertheless, the food was still good.I had the sticky wings, Mac & greens.  The Sticky wings were crispy & savory, Mac wasn't baked & greens drowned in salt.  Could not; Would not consume the Greens. 
Went back for the sticky wings a second time with a side of fries.  Figured u can't go wrong with chicken and French fries. Chicken was pink inside and appeared to be under fried and the fries taste just like fish grease.  
The customer service is beyond words. Worse than the food to say the least. I Won't be back.Ordered on a Monday night. To start they were all out of bake chicken and collar greens, ok no prob. I ordered Chicken wings, Candy yams, Macaroni & Cheese. By far the worst soul food I ever had in my life. I couldn't even finish that disgusting sit! The food was very TASTELESS! They use jumbo cheap chicken wings with hairs on the tips. The sides very small portion and were watered down candy yams and macaroni and cheese.  Oh did I forget to mention two platters of this is $30 dollars! Only given two stars because the young lady upfront was nice.I don't even like alfredo sauce but what a wow! Amazement! i have converted ‍ I also tried the friend chicken, damn some good seasoning cooked in some good oil!!!UNPROFESSIONAL . I called in my order about 45 minutes ahead. I ordered 2 platters . I get there and theY say 20 more mins . After sittiing there I was looking around and was mortified at the gunk and goo on the counters, crumbs , filthy rags, and sticky floor. I ran out of there. If they keep the front counters that nasty I couldn't imagine what they do in the back where nobody can see.I ordered shrimp pasta and lemon pepper wings the wings were overcooked dry hard as a rockNasty and horrible customer. Always running out of food. When someone does a online order that should take immediate president than a walk in order. You don't wait until the deliver person gets there to pick up the order to cancel the damn order. Especially when the order was confirm and placed over a hour a ago. As a business your VM box should never be full. And if your a business to get multiple and constant calls during your open hours then you need to have more than 1 line. It's my 3rd time trying to give this place not only my business and money but also my time.  I'm done.