Hey here in the Big Pretzel - better known as Philadelphia - soft pretzel options are everywhere.  When you're in Manayunk or Roxborough, Tasty Twisters Bakery is a good option.  Unfortunately it's a bit of a walk from the Main Street action in Manayunk, but if you got a car, it's just minutes away.  The soft pretzel itself is tasty and not loaded with salt .... and the cinnamon version is really a treat when it comes warm out of the ovens.
Things though to keep in mind here ... and why I wouldn't give this place more stars are: They have an extensive menu containing a wide variety of pretzels - they just never have most of them when you walk in.  They always say that has to be pre-ordered. For a party - preordering is easy, for a snack on the spur of the moment, who thinks of preordering pretzels.  Also mustard here is extra.  C'mon...if I'm just stopping in for a quick Philly soft pretzel, have a couple varieties of mustard in containers on the counter that I squeeze on to my pretzel!I lived in South Philly for many years right down the street from Federal Bakery before it closed. I have always liked the pretzels on Washington Avenue. And reluctantly I will buy some from Philly Pretzel Co. Nothing andno one surpasses tasty twisters. It is worth a 25 mile trip. Unfortunately they only bake a few times a day after the morning Rush Hour so I think the older gentleman puts them in the microwave which ruins them. I can hear it ring. However one of these pretzels microwaved is still better than most others. I recommend them highly you can buy a box of a hundred for about $30 and be the hero of your office.I have known about Tasty Twisters for a while because it's where many of my friends buy trays for tailgating. After seeing a deal online, I bought a voucher and decided to pick up a tray. Here is what I learned today:
The only thing they have "ready" is plain pretzels. Everything else is made to order so you can either call ahead or hang out and wait. The pro for this is that everything is super fresh, the con is that if you're unaware you will be waiting around. It took maybe a half hour total for a small tray, a bag of cinnamon bites, and an everything pretzel. 
Eating the cinnamon bites directly out of the oven was incredible; they basically melted in my mouth. 
There were two people working when I went in. The first was a guy that was friendly and said he'd get it right in the oven. I felt kind of bad for him because at first I thought he was all alone doing the baking, phone answering, etc, but then a nice older woman in an apron came out front so I guess there could have been more people in the kitchen. The woman was very nice and had an old world charm to her. The way she spoke about her pretzels shows that she really cares about her art and wants to take the time to make them right rather than bake in bulk or from pre-made doughs like many franchise pretzel places.
Also, it seems they have moved recently so I saw two different addresses when I looked them up. The correct location is right on Umbria and they do have a sign that's easy to spot if you're looking.
By far some of the best pretzels in Philly.I want to like Tasty Twisters, I really do. They are a local business run by a small family and ideally, that is the type of business I want to put my money.
However, their customer service is substandard. I came in around 11 a.m. to grab some pretzels for a party I was going to. Upon attempting to place the order, I was informed that for anything beyond a solitary pretzel I was required to place a pre-order.
So, pre-order I did immediately upon returning home. I ordered via the phone and gave over an hour notice for a small tray. 
Upon coming back (for the second time today) I was told that they were unable to fill the order due to lack of dough. The only option they had was 6 dozen cinnamon pretzel nuggets. 6 dozen cinnamon nuggets with no dip is not the equivalent of a mixed tray. I am upset that I was not informed prior so I could place an order elsewhere.
Will not repeat.I just wanted to update to make sure people know that Tasty Twisters is indeed still open, however they've moved into the old Phoebe's BBQ building on Umbria Street btw Paoli & Parker Aves and, as of yesterday, they didn't have an obvious sign. So, it still felt mildly shady cause I drove up and saw the owner at the counter that confirmed for me, yes, this is Tasty Twisters, despite the Phoebe's BBQ signage. 
I picked up some plain soft pretzels and they are as good as always and the owners are still sweet and friendly. So, ditch those tasteless, overpriced Wawa soft pretzels and stop at Tasty Twisters again. :)
PS: I was told they have a bigger, better kitchen now in the new location so if you're ordering for a crowd, I'm sure this will help accommodate that.Mom and Pops style. Probably the best pretzels we've had in Philly! We had the cinnamon covered pretzels fresh out fo the oven. It was warm and buttery with the perfect amount of cinnamon. A must try if you're strolling through Manayunk. Great prices too!Amazing pretzels. This isnt one of those places you stumble upon accidentally. You have to be looking for it to find it and even then you might drive past a few times before you see the little sign on the side of the building leading you into a gravel parking lot of what looks to be a small industrial yard. You kind of feel like you are going to a shady drug deal when you pull into the lot, but trust me it is totally worth it. It is run but a really sweet guy who tells everyone who comes in "call me when you are on your way, I'll make them so they're ready when you get here." While, I've never taken him up on this offer, there is never a long a wait and the pretzels are delicious. 
Get in the car.... or on your bike and go right now. 
And try the cinnamon ones... they are fantastic.One hundred warm soft pretzels sitting in the back seat of my car.  
I'm amazed that I did not eat every single last one of them. Incredibly tasty, fresh, reasonably priced.  
Odd location, but don't judge!  I will seek out and try their other "special" pretzels on my next visit to the 'Yunk.Fantastic. Best pretzel I ever had. I don't highly recommend - I urge you to get some!Ok picture this..
It's 3am you're TANKED walking around Manayunk, the only things open at this hour are Diners, (always a favorite) but not too many around here, after hours joints, that you;re better off eating out of the toilet, and then there's Twisters, which is just opening 
i know who the hell wants a friggin soft pretzel at 3am?.. 
Me, fresh, right out of the oven, cheap as hell (like 3 bucks for a dozen hot soft Philly pretzels) and this brown mustard I swear they add crack to because you can't stop eating itCommercial soft pretzel bakery with retail storefront. Minutes from Philadelphia University. Great soft pretzels, pretzel rolls, pretzel bagels, pretzel nuggets. They can make custom pretzel shapes and orders. Very reasonable prices. A must try for serious soft pretzel fans.Stopped in here with my brothers and dad after a walk on the schuylkill and it was the perfect end to a long walk. The cinnamon nuggets were hot and delicious and the regular pretzels we got a bag of fifteen and they were awesome. Could've been hotter but the perfect amount of salt and so soft it made up for the heat. But that's on you if you want good pretzels gotta catch a fresh batch early! Great place and the ladies behind the counter are so nice. Definitely going back.The epitome of a Philly Soft Pretzel!! When I lived in Vegas for about a year, I would fly with these on my lap to share at the hotel I worked at... Enjoy with spicy mustard, mmmmmm....Secret Pretzels!  I can't believe I lived so close to this wonderful place for so long before discovering it - on Yelp!  You can call ahead to place large orders, like for a football game, or walk in to pick up some warm soft pretzels!  Today I tried the cinnamon & sugar for the first time and was so sad when I finished it and didn't have another immediately available.  And the prices cannot be beat - $1 for 3 regular or $1.50 for 2 C&S.  
You should definitely visit Tasty Twisters - but only tell cool people ;-)Best pretzels you could ask for! Always warm and fresh! Great prices! And such a convenient location! 10 pretzels for 4 dollars! Make sure to get there before 3:30 though or else they'll be out of regular and you'll have to by cinnamonI mak a turn down a 50 ft. dead end street.  Right before it ends I make a left into an industrial parking lot with a gravel finish.  I pull up to a door with no sign and no windows.  I creap hesitantly inside to find a 6ft by 12 ft room with a countertop and a buzzer on the wall.  I push the button for service and a guy comes out and asks me what i want.  Two of your cinnamon pretzels.  he then disappears behind his door again.  While waiting, nother person comes in and the room starts to fill, while wating the person then asks me "did you hit the buzzer"  I laugh and say yep,  Im just waiting.  Then out of nowhere someone else comes in to fill the room to capasity, and asks, "did you hit the buzzer."  It was like buying drugs, and yes they were the most amazing pretzels in the world for the  lowest price imaginable.  I love this place and the way you order makes it even more interesting and fun.Freshly made pretzels, several different options (proTip get the cinnamon it is heaven in a brown bag). Warm and delicious and really cheap (I think).I got the pretzel braid- it was good! It was lighter and airier than the normal dense chewy pretzel that I love, but I still ate the whole thing. Plus a quarter of a 2nd one....Delicious and inexpensive!!  We had Tasty Twisters pretzels served as a late snack at our wedding.Delicious!! The original with a side of cheese dip is amazing.  The pretzels are soft and warm with the perfect amount of salt.  The cheese dip is creamy and a perfect addition to the pretzel.  Also the cinnamon sugar bite sized pretzel nuggets are a fantastic snack. 
I also have had the cheese pizza pretzel which was unexpectedly tasty.   I will probably stick to the orginial with cheese dip though, you just can't beat it!Not sure what people see in this place. My girlfriend and I were across the street eating breakfast and noticed this place on our way out. We both love a good Philly soft pretzel (and have both grown up here) and we were very disappointed. We both agreed that they tasted like bread. Literally just tasted like bread. They looked tasty but when we bit into them it felt like we were biting into a piece of bread. The mustard was good and is the only reason I'm giving 2 stars. But if you're looking for a true philly pretzel you're better off going to the philly pretzel factory. Much more of an authentic taste. 
We will not be going back here.After reading Monica's review I had to try... the location of this place is really tucked away.
There's a tiny sign & the parking lot runs parallel to Umbria (not directly on Umbria).  I rang the doorbell & a man appeared out the doorway and asked how many.
I tried both varieties - $1.50 for two cinnamon & $1 for two large salted braids.  DELICIOUS!  Infinitely better than Philly Pretzel.
When in doubt call ahead to make sure they're open, I believe they close around 4:30.I'm upgrading my rating here after my most recent visit.  The place has moved to a much more convenient out in the open location on Umbria.  It has a really nice interior and a welcoming atmosphere.  I've gotten a couple of trays since my first review and they are a breeze to pick up.  Affordable and good tasting.  Trays are great for hosting large events.Another hidden gem in the Roxborough/Manayunk area. Real easy to miss this place and dismiss it once you find it but trust me this is the real deal. I know pretzels are a big Philly thing. You can't beat fresh hot pretzels daily that are very inexpensive unlike other more well known distributors. They recently raised the prices over the summer due to the economy but it's still a bargain. I love my Tasty Twisters with a hot cup of coffee in the morning, especially the Cinnamon flavor.Serious
Catholic School snack time pretzels
A slice of Heaven on earthTasty Twisters is one of, if not the actual, best pretzel companies in philadelphia, and my personal favorite. I love their new location (even if the old one made me feel like an insider with secret knowledge of a hidden pretzel utopia), and i love the owners and staff.
So, you can buy pretzels individually or in small numbers, or you can buy bulk. They make them fresh all day and they are salty, chewy, traditionally delicious. They also sell knots!!!
for people having parties, they do nub trays and have the usual variety of flavors and dipping sauces, ranging from sweet to savory.
one of the best things about Tasty Twisters, for me, is that for at least the last 15 years they have consistently and regularly sold their pretzels at large discounts to non-profits, community groups, and even worthy causes. on occasion, they have even donated them completely for free! there really is nothing better than a company that is as loyal to its neighborhood as the neighborhood is to it. 
so next time you are near Manayunk and have a craving for salty deliciousness, swing down to Umbria and look for them next to Goody's u pull it!Odd and well hidden little spot, but what these folk dish out is very worth the trip. Twisted pretzels braids (they even make these into pizza if you want), regular soft pretzels, and multi flavored nuggets are pretty much all you can score here, but the product is great and price is cheap so, if you're a hustler, you could probably triple your money on the streets. 
I recently came in for nuggets, wanting a half plain and half everything medium sized tray ($15 for plain, $17 for flavored). The regular were forgotten, but the everything nuggets made up for it with their flavor and  the fact that they were fresh out of the oven (they will gladly cook you fresh dough if you give them a chance). Tray came with one small container each of cheese wiz and spicy mustard, but that is definitely not enough (especially the cheese), so plan accordingly.
Even though I didn't get exactly what I'd asked for, it was still a very pleasing purchase, but isn't that how back alley transactions are supposed to go down? Also, I'm not too surprised that I've never been here before during my life long Roxborough residency, what with it's hugger-mugger location, but I plan to make up for all that I've missed in the future.
The store front is in the corner of the warehouse within the parking lot behind the furniture warehouse at Umbria & Lemonte streets. Follow the signs and you'll be fine.I lived in Philly for two years and had to move for personal reasons. when I fly back this is the first place I go to. I love the pretzels, and they are very cheap. and if whoever opens the door likes you, they will give you extra ;) 
def. the spot to get pretzels. :)This place is amazing!! I've ordered from a single pretzel to a party tray and it's always a hit! Never left overs....unless I hide some! Prices are great. Quick with your order as well.Tasty Twisters makes two types of pretzels: the regular (with salt) and a desert one that uses sugar and cinnamon instead of salt. Both are delicious!
They bake throughout the day, so chances are good that your pretzels have just emerged from the oven -- and there is nothing better!
Bring cash -- I don't think they accept credit cards. But they are reasonably priced: $1.00 buys three regular pretzels or two of the desert ones.
And buy more than you think you'll eat -- you'll eat them.Been living in Roxborough for a couple of years before ever finding that this place exisited.  Ended up stumbling upon it via a groupon deal.  Ended up getting a tray of regular pretzel nuggets and cinnamon sugar pretzel nuggets.  The trays were adequate in size and seemed to use fresh dough.  The pretzels were one of the best qualities I've tasted.  Hopefully, when order from here you knock out the tray in 24 hours otherwise they'll be a little too hard to eat the next day.If you want a great pretzel that is not from a street stand and you don't want to pay $15 to park .... go here.  Cheap delicious pretzels. If you want nuggets call ahead because they make them fresh.Pretzels are fabulous and the service was great yesterday!  My co-workers thoroughly enjoyed them.  I will definitely be back!Although the storefront is located in an out of the way place and is sort of dingy the pretzels are awesome and the staff very nice. My kids love stopping there for a treat, and when we needs pretzels for an event or party they always deliver.Great pretzels for low prices. A bit of a strange location, stuck in the back of a warehouse type building with an almost unmarked door, but other than that its great. Also, their hot mustard is HOT HOT HOT, so buyer beware.  Love ITHave you ever smelled fresh baked bread? I mean really fresh, not wonder bread in a toaster. That's what it smells like as you pull up to this unassuming warehouse. You have to search for the door (its toward the back of the lot) and once you find it you feel kind of strange standing in a.... well locker room. Knock on the door or ring the bell and shortly after someone appears and asks what you want. Well what ever you think you want;  Get More. Be kind and get a few for friends or they may take yours. At this price you can afford it. If you get there at the right time and the pretzels are right off the line they are the most amazing thing you'll ever eat. It is unlike any pretzel you can get anywhere else. THIS IS WHAT A PRETZEL SHOULD BE!!!This tiny place is a revelation!  After driving by several times, I finally had time to stop.  Yes, it IS tiny and yes, the woman behind the counter was not very pleasant, but the cinnamon sugar pretzel nuggets were like heaven on earth!
If there is such a thing as "too much butter" these might qualify, but not really because how else are you going to get all that cinnamon sugar to stick?
Yum, yum, yummy!Great soft Philadelphia soft pretzels. I personally love the whole wheat ones but please order ahead. Get some spicy mustard. Five star.Best soft pretzels!!! It's amazing to live just less than a mile here. Me and my toddler love their pretzels. He always asks for it!!Tasty Twisters is a small bakery/pretzel easy to miss but could be a solid spot. Stopped by this last Friday for a pizza pretzel. I haven't had one in years! The place seems a bit odd though. Nobody works the counter area. There is a doorbell to ring for service. That itself is and issue. The line was quite long and the wait was extensive. The lady quoted me 5 minutes but it took 25 minutes! That's a long time for a pretzel and it's just flat out ridiculous. If I hadn't paid in advance I would have walked out. I love supporting small mom and pop businesses but they need to step up their game. The pretzel while good simply isn't worth the wait.Their cinnamon pretzels are amazing!Wow. Is all I can say. Stopped here on a rainy and dreary day just to give it a try. My husband loves cinnamon sugar pretzels and is used to Auntie Annie's being a hit or a miss. This pretzel was 100% a hit! It was so soft and they made it to order. So delicious!! I had the twisted braid and that too was so fresh and soft. Husband said he's never going back to Auntie Annie's again! Customer service was also great too!!I heard about this place from a feature on Channel 3. Stumbled across it the other day and decided to check it out. It's a small storefront with two showcases on opposite sides. The first person you encounter in any establishment should be oozing some personality. Not here, the salesperson was as friendly as the city's potholes I encountered getting to the bakery. After making an attempt to engage Ms. Charisma, I ordered a pretzel, she went in the back and came back with a bag and placed it on the counter and said $.65. I gave her the money and asked for mustard, which was kept in a case with sodas and other mustard you can purchase.  I left, got in my car and pulled out my warm pretzel. It was so darn good I wish I had purchased more.  I give this bakery 4 stars instead of 5 because the first person I encountered when I walked in seriously lacked any type of customer service skills.  I will definitely go back and purchase more pretzels and cookies.Know what's Philadelphians? Wooder ice. Butterscotch Krimpets. Scrapple. And soft pretzels jawns for breakfast. 
Know what's not Philadelphians? Getting sick of Cheesesteaks. Loving Rocky more than we do. And NOT liking Philly-style soft pretzels. Oh yeah, and Wawa withdrawal. 
Bet the last time you had soft pretzel for a breakfast on-the-run, wasn't too long ago. I had mine few days ago from Tasty Twisters.  Chewy, sweetish (lightly salted) and warm, fresh out of the oven in a brown paper bag. 
If you find yourself in Manayunk, do yourself a favor, and give Tasty Twisters a try. 
Four Yelps.Closed by Health Department.  Very unfortunate but the conditions must be of significant concern for this outcome.Let me first say that this does look like a really shady building since it is down a tiny little alley off Umbria Street and in a very plain, large brick building. But once you get past feeling like you're going to make a drug deal, you'll get the freshest, best pretzels in the city from a factory where they're made. Last time I was there, plain pretzels were 4 for $1. 
And it's the best when they're coming right out of the oven. Mmmm...This is our favorite place for pretzels in Philly. They're always hot and delicious and ridiculously reasonably priced. I can't recommend them highly enough.
BTW the payment info in Yelp as of this writing is incorrect. Tasty Twisters DOES accept debit cards but there's a $10 minimum purchase.Nice place to get a Philly Soft Pretzel. Pretzels are sometimes produced with a different quality. Sometimes a little doughy, sometimes a little overcooked. Always a perfect amount of salt. I believe they changed locations within the past years, but the new location is very easy to get to & right on the main road (Umbria). I like what they did with the new place. The people who work there are always very nice & attentive. A nice little joint to get your daily fix of pretzels or a nice place to get a large catering order of Philly Soft Pretzels.First time here after driving by several times. Not sure what all the good ratings are about. I'm a Philly lifer and the pretzels at this place are not good, compared to a true, authentic Phila. soft pretzel from Center City Soft Pretzel or the old Federal Baking Pretzel Co. These were airy, light and had no real taste. Not impressed. 
Also, the miserable middle age woman yesterday at the counter didn't help to make my first impression any better. And there was no mustard out to put on the pretzel. Come on this is Philadelphia! You've gotta have spicy, golden (not yellow) mustard out. So I asked her if they had mustard - without saying a word, she turns around goes to the back and brings the mustard to me with that same nasty, miserable look like I'm crazy for asking for mustard. The only saving grace was the mustard wasn't French's yellow.Their sticky buns are amazing. The danishes were made fresh and they were so sweet. Great customer service.I visited Tasty Twisters twice last week, and on both visits, none of the staff were wearing masks (despite currently being required by the City of Philadelphia for all staff and patrons). They also did not have any signage indicating a vaccine requirement.
On top of that, when I visited over the weekend, one of the bakers was taking a smoke break a few feet from the front door, and he was openly hostile to mask wearing, talking loudly in a belligerent manner about people wearing masks, and using profanity when referring to them. It seems like the regular customers don't even bother to mask when going in the bakery.
I don't understand how the people operating this business can condone the behavior of employees like this. I was wearing a mask and felt unsafe just standing at the counter because the baker was getting angrier and louder and cursing mask wearers. If I hadn't already paid, I would have left the bakery immediately.Ordinary people don't know about Tasty Twisters. My experience involved driving down small (almost nonexistent) street off Main Street. Then turning into an empty parking lot. I don't remember there being a sign, but there IS a door. You open the door and walk into a small, dilapidated waiting room. There's a small window and a man behind it. He'll say, "hello, how many?" You'll say "a dozen? half dozen?" Don't say one or two. Chances are that won't be enough after you taste these soft pretzels AND given the scenario I've laid out for you, do you REALLY think one or two is acceptable?
This place is a total secret, so keep the information I've just provided you with in the small, secret jean pocket. You know, the one you always wanted to put drugs in but probably didn't?Still the absolute BEST Pretzel shop anywhere!
Reasonable prices, unreasonable flavor!