Staff was very friendly, but a little disorganized (but I'm not expecting anything more--it's only their soft opening). Everything arrived in a timely manner and they made sure we had a good experience. 
New paint job, different seating arrangements, and brighter lights have livened the place up since the last owner. 
The food was all delicious! Everything was very fresh. The burgers were hand made and the fries were hand cut. 
We'll definitely be back!Taco Tuesday tacos not so good, Quizzo slow and painful, but the Mac and Cheese, expensive as it was, was absolutely delicious.  Yum!! We'd be here regularly for quizzo and dinner if you upgraded the quizzo guy/company. Keep moving, announce scores, don't do 1950s movies, AND sound like you are having a good time and it is fun - not hard!!Food was excellent, our waitress was excellent... Not sure what the 80 year old bartender has to bring to the table besides being on his phone the whole time. A shame to see such a nice establishment only have 2 other people in there during 4th of July weekend.I was very excited to try Tavern on Ridge, I was hoping to find a new local bar with good food. I made two visits and was disappointed with both. First visit had extremely slow service, took almost 20 minutes to get drinks to the table. Tried to order from the bar but they said I had to wait for our server. Ordered food and it came and looked incredible. It tasted great except that on my second bite I half swallowed a piece of string from the Pork sandwich. They replaced the sandwich which was incredibly good, bought me a beer which was ok but probably should have given me the sandwich for free. 
Either way, I needed to go back because the food was great. Decided to sit outside and again we waited 15 minutes to be seen by waitress. Waited another 10 minutes for our beers which came out in a 10oz plastic cup while the water was in a 16oz cup!? Was so fed up we left after the one drink! Place has potential just needs some revision!!Extremely slow service. It's been 40 min and I only ordered the shrimp tacos. I've never had to wait this long at other places, even during peek times. Sam (bartender) is pretty nice, though.I want to love this place but I went there for the first time in a few months and the draft beers are still fairly warm and it's so hot in there. Food is always pretty good though. With limited places in roxborough like it, I think it has some serious potential.I am so glad that this place opened up and seems to be doing very well. We love that we can walk here!. The burgers were out of this world. I really liked the fish tacos. I can't wait to try the mac and cheese. The daily specials also look out of this world. Cant wait to come backThis was our second visit to the Tavern.  We went when it first opened and swore we would never go back but we did.  Not much has changed. Its unorganized, no drink menus and the tables are wobley.  It also looks rundown.  I will say that our waitress tried to give us excellent service.  I would give her 4-5 stars.  The macaroni and cheese is amazing but the overall experience leaves me giving it a 2-3 star rating.  $10.00 for a glass of wine in an slightly average neighborhood bar in Roxborough is outrageous.  We wont be going back.  Hilltown tavern is much better all aroundFood was very good especially for the price! Had the shrimp tacos and they were awesome and huge!  I could only eat one and a half.  Split the mac and cheese which also was huge.  Me and my boyfriend had a good amount to take home.  He had the burger which he said was good - it looked pretty standard.  The fries, were not so good.  Dry and overcooked.
The service, was not so good. Our server was super sweet but not very attentive. Also, the bartender took her good old time with pouring the drinks.  Also, not a fan that they didn't have tables set right away or before you sat down.  Gave small paper napkins that were just not efficient for eating.  
Definitely a good spot, but could use some improvements.They had Fox news on  3 of 6 tvs. Good spot for trumpanzees. Bad spot if you want to watch the flyers.Bartender was very good ! Super friendly and service was great. Wings were good, however we had the boom boom shrimp tacos and our stomachs all felt a little uneasy after :(Have been to TOR at least 10 times, and have YET to be disappointed .  I don't know where the Chef comes up with his ideas but the fusion dishes he comes up with are spectacular .
Sometimes we go just to see what the specials are .  
The regular menu is small (as is the case with most good places) they specialize in a few things instead of having 500 items that are just OK 
The front bar area is small, but theres plenty of additional seating in the back and it appears as if they are expanding into the building next door (originally part of the old bar) 
The food is OUTSTANDING, offering a variety of Tacos, and sandwiches , appetizers Salads entrees and sides.  And a big ass Mac and Cheese Skillet dish you can top with one of 4 toppings or something like that.  
Desserts are always great as well
Now this review wouldn't be useful if I didnt include this ......Do yourself a favor when it comes to parking ....The area sucks to park , so  splurge , and park at a meter on Ridge ave , for about a dollar an hour .  Most of the streets in the area are zoned, which means you'll get towed during certain hours, so therefore the free ones get packed with those who don't want to spend a dollar.  
That means people coming home may have to park blocks away which doesnt bode well with everyone .  So yeah you may have saved a dollar and had a nice meal, but you may also come back to find a brick through your windshield .... (public service announcement over) 
The Service is outstanding as well, the wait staff is always friendly.Food was good enough, though the "Fiddy Fiddy" which is supposed to be half fried pickles and half fried green tomatoes only had one pickle on the plate. Staff seemed to be uncoordinated mixed with with miscommunications as food orders were never fired. One server in particular was consistently rude to our party, making guests feel generally unwelcome. Wouldn't suggest bringing a group here.I live down the street and was excited to see that Tavern on Ridge was open. The customer service I received from Sam and Mike was excellent. The food was great. Dinner and a drink for two was less than $30. They have a few kinks to work out, but I will definitely be back.Had the 5AM burger for takeout. So awesome. Two slices of porkroll, egg and hash brown on a burger. Genius. Perfectly cooked burger. Definitely going back but going to hang at the bar. Very friendly place!!!I had such high hopes for this place...a former dive-bar that at first glance appeared on the road to recovery. 
Looks can be deceiving.  
The beer is overpriced, though the selection is good and emphasized local craft brews.  Booze is also overpriced.  The bartenders are competent if not particularly friendly.  When I expressed shock about the price of a local beer one bartender, under his breath, agreed with my assessment but replied that it's just the way the owner wants it.  
The food SOUNDS good, until it arrives.  I wouldn't order anything unless you are really hungry.  I've been there three times and will not order food should I happen to go there again. It's just not that good. 
Let's talk lighting: bars are usually dimly lit, cozy and comfortable.  This place is lit up like an airfield.  The bright lights glaring directly into your face while you sit at the bar are extremely bracing.  The overall ambiance is...well...shabby.  They tried, they really did.  But it doesn't work.  
Finally, you will leave smelling like the fryer.  
It's a shame, really, as there are not many place within walking distance that aren't on Main Street.  This place tries to be another Hilltown Tavern or Old Eagle, but is really more like Peck Miller's.  
And Hilltown isn't that far away...just go there.Hey folks, Just a heads up, chef John  is no longer operating the kitchen at this almost made it location. We all went there for the food and now that will go down hill immediately with John not there. The "owner" Mike thinks he can do it all and he can not do anything. Last time I went my silverware was greasy, my plate was dirty and the glass was dirty. It is a real shame because Roxborough really need this location as a family place eat. I give it a month and the doors will be closed. Way to go Mike....It was a rainy Sunday night, so there were only 2 other parties dining in,we thought great! We should get great service and phenomenal food..we opted to sit at the bar. MEGAN, if I'm not mistaken ,did great on the drinks and is the only reason I gave 3 stars. 
We expected bar food and we received bar food, however a lot of the food lacked flavor. We ordered the broccoli cheese shots and garlic parm wings to start. Shots were yummy,I'd get again...wings looked amazing but the flavor failed to live up to its appearance.
He had the roast beef sandwich, which of course I tried lol, and it was pretty good,tad dry but not bad..
We both shared the mac and cheese skillet..adding the short rib..the concept was adorably cute,served in a mini pot..the portion is huge, enough for more than 2...BUT still the flavor wasn't there, which was disappointing..I took it home and doctored it up later 
Maybe I'll stop in again. But maybe not,didn't make the greatest 1st impression, IN their defense, this is the soft opening and they officially open in a couple months...they do accept credit/debit, during the evening parking isn't bad, 
The menu is short and cute..just hope they tweek the flavor a bit on some items.I enjoy tavern on ridge. They have good wings, mac and cheese, and I enjoy their taco Tuesdays from time to time. Reasonably priced and I would stick to beer as far as drinks goes.The cauliflower and shrimp tacos on Tues were decent, margarita was standard. Bartender was nice.
Today's afternoon bartender was so uninterested in making any polite small talk with me or responding in any way in a practically empty bar, yet would be so chipper towards a small table of middle-aged women and also the gentleman down the bar who isn't a regular either. Guess because I'm in my mid 20s, I should be viewed as a toddler. I would've stayed and spent more, but she made me feel like I wasn't worth her attention or time. Murphy's gets my business!Ordered the Mac and cheese with crab and spinach and it was delicious! Also enjoyed the shrimp tacos and Brussels sprouts. Would come back here again when I'm in town.Much improved since their opening.  Usually a good beer on tap.  The chef has been coming up with great specials.  Lots of veggie options lately that I'm loving!Went in tonight to see the place - Guess they didn't expect to get hit after the Mummers on Main Street (manayunk) was over.  Realizing they just opened, it did seem quite disorganized.  The establishment really needs a POS system as I saw a significant amount of time being expended resolving checks - Also, the Cash only policy with no ATM in the facility was another sign this place needs a good "Front of the House" person if it is to survive.  The Tomato bisque was tasty as was the burger - Good portion and fresh!  The fries left a little to be desired.  We'll give it another try in a few weeksWow!! Went to Tavern on Ridge since it had new ownership.... Super impressed and if you want to get away from main Street manayunk but have that awesome vibe, come here!! You will NOT be disappointed!!This place blew me out of the water with their excellent service and astonishing cuisine. Spaghetti chad was an absolute delight in the kitchen.  The food he prepared was nothing short of amazing. Shout out to spaghetti chad. But this place is a must go if you're in the area looking for a good time good drinks and an excellent selection of food.So went back after hearing there was a new owner. Still a terrible bar, maybe worse. Owner is more concerned about looking cool then having good service. Drafts were warm....owner is the only one working and trying to do everything except paying attention. Music is lousy. This will be a great bro bar if that's what you're looking for.So the owner, Akash, just screamed in my face and called me a R-word B**** so I'm pretty sure if you're a woman or a decent human being, you won't give this man who just disrespected me so terribly your money. He does not deserve it and this restaurant should be shut down. I think that the police should get involved with his racism and sexism. This is a HORRIBLE PLACE. If you like to be disrespected and treated like crap, this is your spot. OH YEAH IT TAKES 15 MINUTES FOR A DRINK WHEN NO ONE IS EVEN THERE BECAUSE EVERYONE QUIT BECAUSE AKASH IS SO HORRIBLE AND MEAN TO HIS EMPLOYEES. DOWN WITH TAVERN ON RIDGE.
Oh yeah, they don't have a liquor license either.Great food, great drinks, great staff, great prices. All the things that make up a great bar. I went in for Taco Tuesday - the taco sampler was DELECTABLE. HIGHLY RECOMMEND.It's a shame. I want to like this place but; there's something missing. They look like they want to be a craft beer/gastropub but their beer selection sucks. They haveboth kinds of beer; bud and bud lite.
The $2 tacos on Tuesday are real good. But come out room temperature.
The guy bartender dumped my friends beers when they went out to smoke. And apparently a komakasi shot is to difficult to make correctly.People were friendly and the food was good.  The buffet was good.  It was a little chilly in the part of the  restaurant where the buffet was held.  A small issue with something in my drink, but it  was handled.Quality quality quality 
As an x farmer I know quality beef and vegetables they do too. Had lunch on Thursday the whole time we were there a worker was pressing limes for margaritas. Brussel sprout special was cooked to perfection. Get there soon before you can't get in the word will be out soon!!!!Im not quite ready to give this place 5 stars (Pending more samplings on a second visit) but dont let that discourage you. I had quite an enjoyable time visiting Tavern on Ridge last night. My wife and I had been here before under its prior owner and was less than satisfied. Im happy to say the new establishment hits the mark and is well on its way to becoming one of my favorite if neighborhood hangouts. A good place for locals who don't want to deal with the college crowds on Main St as well as good spot to grab a bite. My wife and I sampled a few things, the burger & fries which for 8 bucks for over a half pound burger was a great value, and tasty too. We also sampled the Mac and Cheese for 2 which we were very impressed with. We had dinner with 2 other friends and 1 order of Mac & Cheese was more than enough for the 4 of us to share despite being advertised for 2. Our friend ordered the Cha Cha Shrimp which was different but tasty as well. Beer offerings were standard but nothing fancy or over priced. Karaoke was offered on Friday which added to the fun atmosphere. Our waitress was only on her second day but quite pleasant and friendly, great service. We will be going back!Went here on June 21st for lunch and the experience was just ok. There were literally 5 items on the menu and none of the items was a salad. A little disappointed in that. I ordered the fried chicken sandwich and the first one was undercooked. Thank god I decided to cut my sandwich in half before eating. When I told the waiter/bartender he didn't feel that I was correct. First off the customer is always right. Secondly, when I showed him how the chicken looked, he proceeded to take the sandwich back to the cook and I received another within 15-20 mins. The second sandwich was just ok, tasteless and filled with oil. I guess they don't know how to pat dry a fried chicken after it comes from a deep fryer. Honestly, I would probably never go back to this tavern.... just my opinion.Love the unique menu for the top of the hill away from Main Street. Prices are beyond reasonable for the amount of food you get. It's cool to see regular menu items with a little twist. It looks like most of the dishes are under $10. It's a cool relaxed setting with a great bar and cute bartenders; for this area you can't find a place like this. Really excited for the extension that is being worked on for a bigger venue for bigger live music next door!Still 5 stars for the best service around- but the menu has changed and it's DELICIOUS.  A little bit of everything you could want from your neighborhood bar.  French onion soup is killer. They do a taco Tuesday and the brisket tacos are out of this world, dangerously good margaritas. Large portions too. I haven't been for the wings yet but I hear great things.Terrible service, I've gone there 3 times and each time they've brought the food I ordered to another table and then I've had to wait for them to re-make it.  Not even an apology.  Overpriced and below average food and poor service.  Go to CJ and Ecks or Hilltop Tavern.Update: we went back last night and had a great time. The place is bright and ALL the tables were full--something we never saw when it was cornerstone. They even had a wait! They had karaoke and some people sang. Akash brought us menus and was helping out--he was super friendly and warm and had great eye contact. The female waitress (sorry I didn't get her name) with suspenders was also super friendly. The owner, Mike, came over and introduced himself. Food was great like last time. We're excited to see the full menu, have drafts, and pay with credit cards. We'll definitely be regulars.Had an amazing experience ordering for pickup today! They were so friendly and patient on the phone with my large order. Pickup was fast and easy. Food was amazing, especially the cauliflower tacos. Can't wait to try them again!I'm glad Ridge has a place like this and I hope the trend continues. A relaxed place with friendly attentive service and pretty good food. Their menu is small but still provide a good variety with fun names - "Shots Shots Shots" you'll find entree items with soups and such served in shot glasses :) 
I'm looking forward to this place doing well and coming back soon !Since moving a couple of blocks away, Tavern on Ridge has quickly become a local go-to. It looks a bit like a hole in the wall, but the lights are enticing on a cold night, and the outdoor seating is perfect for bringing the dog when its warm.  The menu is a bit on the smaller side, but there's some real gems on it - the "chef's little cabbages" are AMAZING - seriously, some of the best brussel sprouts I've ever had, and my bf was blown away by the capt'n crunch pb chicken - sounds weird, but he swears by it, and the peanut butter sauce I sampled from his plate was awesome. 
Tavern is also great about hosting local fundraisers - for the Roxborough Dog Park, we attended a fundraiser that included free refills on dogfish head beer with the purchase of a $15 glass, plus 10% of the food bill. Gotta love supporting a spot that supports the local community!I happened in here by accident, and I couldn't be happier. Great food, and charming service. The brussel sprouts and the there pescatarian jambalaya were the highlights of the dinner (along with a great bitter). We will be back.Good food, poor server. Came here for the first time with my boyfriend. We like trying new places and wanted to get some drinks and share some apps. From the time we came in we were rushed by our sever and seemed to be nothing but an inconvenience to him. I don't understand how you are a server and respond openly annoyed at every question that is asked and can't even fake a smile. Nothing annoys me more than being rushed out of a restaurant. He brought our food out and forgot our blue cheese and was annoyed that I politely asked for it. Then we asked for another drink and seemed annoyed. He has to be watching us eat because as soon as we finished our last wing he came out and cleared our plates and brought our check, without even asking if we wanted anything else. It's a shame because our exact words were that we really loved the food but the experience sucked. We love taking our time and talking ... that's the point of going out to eat. I find it super rude and annoying to treat a customer like they aren't welcome. We will be back, but I will definitely  ask for a different waiter. Looking back I wish I would have said we were not ready to leave, but I didn't want to be that person.If i could give 0 stars I would. Idk why you hire rude serves. The bartender with the short brown hair gave me an attitude bc I decided to keep a tab open after i said no. She also gave someone a hard time because they gave her the wrong amount at first. W left before we even finished our drinks. She should be fired. NEVER COMING HERE AGAIN. And I'll make sure to let everyone know as well.I highly recommend this place. I've been 4/5 times and can confidently say the food is amazing. I'll add pics on a updated review because I eat everything the second it gets to the table. The new chef has made a great new menu and if you need recommendations my friends an I have enjoyed the wings, the fried pickles, the middle eastern plate (was exceptionally good), my friends have also enjoyed the tacos, and brussel sprouts. Staff is super friendly and welcoming so it's definitely a place to check out.My son and I popped in for a quick bite and I am a HUGE FAN.  We ordered the Ham and Cheese flight.  It's a grilled Ham and cheese sandwich that comes in shot glasses filled with the Broccoli Soup.  HOLY HECK... Its wonderful!  We also ordered the wings with Honey Sriracha they were meaty and cooked to perfection.  
I am looking forward to seeing the full Pub menu.  Prices were on point, they kept the tile floor which I LOVE and I think it is going to be just what Ridge Ave needs.Finally! A place in the neighborhood with good food, good service, and good prices. Akash was an absolute delight with his beer suggestions and conversation. Our table was completely stuffed from just a few appetizer selections (we cleared every plate - it was that good). Definitely try the samosas! The tamarind chutney is AMAZING.
I'll definitely be back!Slimmed down COVID menu, but really good food. The Paesan rivals even John's Roast Pork as one of the best sandwiches in Philly. The burger is excellent. The Americano Cubano is really good, albeit a touch too salty. Service is really friendly, prompt and efficient. One star removed for having to go up to a full bar of unmasked patrons to get our food. Those of us who wish to pick up our orders while observing social distancing might be met at the curb.We are so glad to have a place like this open in our neighborhood. It has a ton of potential, as lots of other commenters have stated, but still has a ways to go before it's a staple in the neighborhood. 
The location is awesome and they have a lot of good ideas going. I have really enjoyed the Taco Tuesday special and some of the tacos were really delicious (we particularly loved the chicken with the spicy aioli and the veggie!!). Another positive is that I have always found this establishment to be neat and clean, which is a huge draw for a local bar type place. I also appreciate that the owner constantly greets patrons and enquires about their experience there- I think that shows awesome intentions! They do a nice job of integrating themselves into the community and giving back-- I've seen some BBQ's and specials that served to raise funds for neighborhood efforts, and I think that's awesome! The outdoor seating is a nice perk. One of the most important comments I can make- never, ever get rid of the giant pot of mac n' cheese. That stuff is magical. 
A few things could use improvements. First off, they could use a few more "bar snacks" that compliment some drinks while watching a game. They're all set up to be a great place to watch sports with friends, but I often find myself just wanting some fries in that scenario, not an entire meal. They also have some servers and bartenders who are very nice but a tad rough around the edges. I can't say I've ever felt the classic "neighborhood bartender" feel there. The bartenders aren't particularly attentive and I think that a little training could really improve the experience. The wait times are pretty long for food and crazy long for drinks... that's basic service training and can be fixed really quickly! Finally, and this is a personal pet peeve that I'm sure some people won't appreciate-- whoever posts on their Facebook really needs to be careful about spelling, grammar and such. Some posts are just painful to read and can really undercut the classiness that the place exudes in person. I'm not saying the occasional slip is to be judged, I'm talking about how most posts have two or three really obvious issues. (Example: 7/5/16-- Taco Tuesday & Quizzo is back! $2 taco all night & $5 Margarita's all night! We are offering 4 different gourmet taco's tonight including an Veggie option. Quizzo starts @ 8pm one round will include Simpson Travia! Remember no team to small or big!" ....Taco's? Margarita's? To small? Travia?!)
All said, I think this place is on the way to being really awesome. I think the owner is wonderfully receptive to feedback and Tavern is located in an area that is ready to embrace it with open arms. Keep up the good work and we are happy to keep trying out what Tavern on Ridge has to offer!Thought I reviewed this before but got to give a good shout out to this place.  The best thing it ever did was bring the kitchen in house and make their own food.  A very simplistic skinnied down menu but items are done right.  The quarantine chicken sandwich is a mouth watering fried chicken sandwich with a mound of bacon, lettuce, tomato and onions as well as cheese and special sauce on a fresh baked roll.  
They have the BEST cauliflower in the business.  Between Korean and buffalo I have to get both each order.
Their tacos are legit stacked and a new take on fillings.  Their mac n cheese is also legit.
Bar food done right.Would give no stars if possible. Listed everywhere online they open at 4. Even their Facebook says opens at 4. Show up at 4:30 and guy with a man bun nasty says we aren't open but you can come in if you need to- "need to"? No thank you I will take my business elsewhere in the neighborhood. Will never return.Difficult to get served then once I did my broccoli cheese soup had a slice of lemon in it. I thought it was zucchini so I bet into it. I still feel like I need some good therapy after that. Gave it two tries- never ever again. Oh also I was on a date and the bartender girl wouldn't stop going on and on about her daughter and her school... Very weird place and people.Staff was very friendly, but a little disorganized (but I'm not expecting anything more--it's only their soft opening). Everything arrived in a timely manner and they made sure we had a good experience. 
New paint job, different seating arrangements, and brighter lights have livened the place up since the last owner. 
The food was all delicious! Everything was very fresh. The burgers were hand made and the fries were hand cut. 
We'll definitely be back! 
Update: we went back last night and had a great time. The place is bright and ALL the tables were full--something we never saw when it was cornerstone. They even had a wait! They had karaoke and some people sang. Akash brought us menus and was helping out--he was super friendly and warm and had great eye contact. The female waitress (sorry I didn't get her name) with suspenders was also super friendly. The owner, Mike, came over and introduced himself. Food was great like last time. We're excited to see the full menu, have drafts, and pay with credit cards. We'll definitely be regulars.This place reopened!  They're still working out the kinks but the food was well executed and delicious, the cocktails thoughtfully different, and the staff was super friendly. Get the garlic wings.Drink review only... came here with our run group on a Monday night. We dominated the outside seating and yet didn't overwhelm the staff. Food service for the group was a bit slow, but they kept up with drinks and pitchers of water. 
Prices were reasonable and while selection on the beer side wasn't extensive, it gets the job done.
Overall, really glad to see this place reopen and will be back when I don't have a pile of leftovers from the weekend to give their food a shot.I only have eaten their wings, but all their flavors are fantastic and the wings are large and full size.  They are seasoned well and crispy while still remaining juicy and not dried out. My favorite is the garlic parm and creamy Buffalo wings and would recommend to anyone looking for great wings in the neighborhood.Have to hand it to these guys - they partnered with Darling Nikki's BBQ to have her offer the food and they still offer the great space and drinks including a good selection of craft beers.  Nikki's BBQ is really delicious - brisket is spot on - had it on the nachos, and the smoked queso is very good as well.  Portion sizes are good but not insane. Others in our party had the sliders both pork and brisket, the smoked mac and cheese which was heavenly, and we all tasted the jack fruit and vegan queso.  We all had our favorites, but liked everything.  I love that they will be offering some type of BBQ for everyone, vegans included.  Full menu is coming 8/25/19. We will be back. Support these local Roxborough businesses - they live and work here with us!I've been coming here since we found out about the new management. Very creative owner--as the place is always evolving which is exciting. 
If you go, be sure to check out the sidebar which is used for music and also private parties. Unbelievable artwork--Akash brought in variety of artists.
The food has changed as well. Inside you'll find food from the pop up restaurant and catering company, Darlin' Darlin' Nikkis. She has a following. She smokes the meats there and as a neighbor I can say it smells so good!I can verify it tastes good. And besides the required meat, there is a vegan option with jackfruit.
Owner is so friendly and welcoming. It's good to have a Tavern down the block from us!!!
We love it... someone wrote a review that I saw that was critical of owner. I have a clear view that she worked there..sounds like a feeling burnt employee. I worked in restaurant business for 20years and that can happen but now they can get back at you on social media. YOWZA!
I also like the mixed age coming in. Good neighborhood Tavern.I always get great service here.
It's come a long way since the ownership changed.  They're adding lots of fun events and developing the second bar area constantly- it's really coming together and looks amazing.  The cocktail menu is pretty good, with new drinks rotating in.  I love the creativity.
I usually just come for the drinks but with the addition of Darling Nikki's BBQ, I'll probably be there more often than my bank account will want to admit. The jackfruit nachos we had were seriously amazing. Smoky and sweet, and perfect paired with the pickled radishes and jalapeños. A lot of flavor in those bites!  The Mac and cheese is delicious too, especially with the Mac sauce they use. The ice cream sandwich I had with the smoked oatmeal cookies was unlike any other dessert I've had- heaven! Took home a pound of BBQ!Stopped here for brunch. Beef brisket sliders were out of this world and service was great and so friendly. To top  it off got a chance to listen to Drew Nugent!Great service even in these trying times.  A local gem with excellent food and atmosphere.  I highly recommend the mac and cheese.  Not sure how they make it some creamy but god bless the chefI live in walking distance to this place and used to visit the old Tavern on Ridge all the time. I recently went back for the first time since it has been under new ownership and I can say that I've never felt so welcome to a local neighborhood bar! The owner is from the area and is open to all suggestions/feedback you have regarding the menu/bar. He stopped by our table and was super friendly and spoke to us for about 15 minutes. The menu is very different than your typical Roxborough/Manayunk bars and they have great cocktails and a decent beer selection. We had the hummus/baba ganoush app, samosas, and chicken bites. The food was excellent and can't wait to be back to try more!