You know the feeling when you really want to puke up but can't?  That's how I feel after just returning from Tavern 17.  Everything was terrible.  First we attempt to sit in a row of seats squished so they literally touch each other.  Then, the "family style" appetizers arrived, consisting of 3-5 pieces of fried stuff per every 8-10 people.  Some of us ate, others were left out.  Then we wait.  Then, the sauces for the appetizers came out, long after everyone had already finished the appetizers.  I am fairly sure they were store-bought and microwaved, but it didn't matter since we were done with the over-fried, cardboard-like appetizers.  Run out of the lovely luke-warm tap water that was already on the table before we arrived? Too bad!  We wait some more.  By the time we were getting ready to order a pizza to be delivered into the restaurant, we got our... BREAD!  This was, of course, after they took away our small plates, so there was nowhere to put our bread.  We wait some more.  And more.  Some people got their main dishes--the chicken (advertised as 1/2 chicken with pears and string potatoes) was different for everyone that ordered it, and resembled quail... though it wouldn't surprise me if it was pigeon. Uhh... I just almost threw up again. The vegetarians got panini sandwiches (normally a lunch food?), and others got dingy-looking salads that were wet and browning. We waited around, most of us left. Those that hung around got a "dessert", which was a pound cake from CVS with canned peaches on top and a spray of whipped cream.  They ran out of canned peaches and gave others an unidentifiable canned replacement fruit.  This cost $30.  Un-freaking-believable! I have NEVER had such a bad meal before.  Some people said this place has good happy hour sliders, but that is just not possible.  NOTHING good could have ever come out of the same kitchen.  It was like a Chef Jeff project (ex-convicts-turned-chefs) gone wrong, terribly wrong.  Do not ever come here!I had the single worst restaurant experience ever when I had breakfast at Tavern 17 last fall. In fact, pay attention to the date...I will never go back.
The place looks nice, but that's where my experience with good ended. My breakfast companion and I ordered our breakfasts. They didn't bring any liquids. Then I had to ask for silverware. Then drinks again. Then the toast I ordered. It got worse.
The coffee they brought was cold. Not just a little cooler than normal. Cold. So, after 10 minutes of trying to find our waiter, I told him the coffee was cold. After some bluster, he took the cup in the back (I should have known better) and after a few minutes brought out the same cup microwaved. Boiling. So now it was stale coffee at 211F. I told him I wanted a new coffee. It got worse.
The manager came out. And what they brought me, and I'm not kidding about this, looked like dishwater with coffee grounds in the bottom. I've had Turkish coffee, and this wasn't it. They did something to it. And I didn't drink it.
After all that, they had the nerve to charge us full boat. It was almost $40. I didn't leave a tip, but I did leave a note that predicted that they would be out of business. I'm honestly surprised that they're still in business.
Really funny part that day? Their sign was spelled TAVRN 17. Too stupid to even buy a vowel. (I uploaded a picture of their sign. It's in the gallery.)
I will never eat there again.Overall terribly disappointing and bad. We booked a Valentine's package at the Radisson Blu, the lobby of which connects to Tavern 17. Came with dinner AND brunch at this establishment and they seemed eager / excited to have this as part of the offering. We arrived for our 6 pm reservation - only time they could squeeze us in - to be one of 3 tables actually eating there. That should have been our first clue. Second clue should have been the complete lack of a vegetarian option for dinner on the prix fixe menu.  I was able to order off a separate limited Valentine's menu and went with the black bean burger, seemed like the best available option? The waitress said she doesn't like vegetables so she couldn't make a recommendation.  My fiancé got the barbecue salmon. We ordered fried calamari as an appetizer. Now, the fact that it's fried and has a beyond creamy dipping sauce should pretty much equal amazing, but it crashed and burned. It arrived in a basket with paper (this is more sports bar than restaurant) and it was a struggle to get plates. When handed to us, mine was filthy. The main courses: salmon was poor flavor combination - 2 strong tastes fight, and no one wins. Black bean burger was really good! It had trouble with consistency, but pretty much all veggie burgers not made by machines have that issue. Dessert was OK Creme brûlée. 
I think as a sports bar Tavern 17 may be able to make a go of it (but they gotta at LEAST get the greasy fare right), but as a sit-down restaurant they need a major overall. Poor service (even with no clientele), bad atmosphere (pay for a spotify subscription! Hearing adds while dining - no thanks), and the real nail in the coffin - bad food, all make me think a major intervention is needed.I went for brunch and it was pretty disappointing. The service was mediocre at best and the food was not much better. Overall, I do not think it was worth the time or money.I was walking around rittenhouse looking for a place to snack and had a taste for calimari and wondered into the tavern . They have a nice private dinning area in the back ,as i am always on the lookout for places to have my parties at . So anyway, I make my way to the bar and the bartender was very friendly ,we actaully dont live that far from each other, great conversation. Had a light drink to start and wanted to get a table .Told the bartender what i wanted to cut down on the time . The wait staff or servers or whatever are horrible the one girl was sloopy and looked a hot mess the other girl looked ok ,but had no hospitality skills at all . She should be a IT phone tech or something . As for the food the calimari was fabulous there was ginger in the batter and the dips were perfect .I tried the fish and chips and i felt like i was in london not anything to say except they are ok if you are hungry .I knew the fish and chips were going to be a disapointment but i was hoping for a surprise Not. The space is nice but i could not have a party there with a wait staff like that . if anything else the people are interesting in the bar so that a plus. It looks like they have a set up for a dj  wich might make it a nice night spot. I will have to try back at night and see the difference, I would say this is a great sit at the bar have drinks and conversation with a new friends place .
CheersCame here a few months ago.  Only because they were doing 1000 points on Open Table.  It was also nice that they sent you a coupon for a free appetizer per person with your Open Table Reservation confirmation.  My wife and I shared a bowl of soup and the crisp lavosh bites (which was huge).  Both of us enjoyed the sandwiches that we got but they seemed pretty small, especially compared to the large appetizers.  For dessert, we had a couple of the little sliders.   I thought they were a little pricey for what we got.I must have run between the raindrops here as everyone seems to hate it, but in 3 tries, I have had a friendly welcome. timely service, good food and excellent coffee.  Do I try it again?Food was awful. I ordered scallops and risotto-I actually thought they had served me mashed potatoes in error! The service was terrible and restaurant has no character or ambiance.  Skip this one-I wish I had avoided this horrible restaurant!We went to Tavern 17 because we were staying in the hotel and as part of our stay we received a $25 food credit. When checking in we noted that on Sundays from 5-7pm the bar had a happy hour which included $2 sliders and $3 drafts/house wine. We sat at the bar; it was pretty slow with only about five other patrons all sitting at the bar. The bartender was nice and attentive. The bar itself was about what you expect for a hotel bar.
We ordered the cheeseburger slider and the pulled pork slider, both of which were incredibly dry and unremarkable. We also ordered the fry trio, which came with regular, sweet potato, and a fry topped with parm and truffle oil and three dipping sauces. They were fine, just fries nothing special. Of the five happy hour drafts, two were out, and the house wine was ok. I'm not super knowledgeable on wines so I won't really give an opinion. Overall unremarkable food, probably wouldn't recommend it, unless you were using your food credit.French comment : bar sympa, staff sympa, pas trop bruyant. Apres, niveau quantité, ya de quoi manger mais ca reste tres simple.This review is based only on their draft selection and happy hour food. I was staying at the Warwick where this bar is located. I came down a few nights for some of their DELICIOUS sliders, as well as a few beers. The draft list here is excellent! So many different craft beers and all of them fantastic! They had national, regional, and local selections. I couldn't get bored drinking here if I tried!The service was great.  The food and drinks were great.  Good price. 
I had the flat iron steak sandwich and it was definitely by far the best  steak sandwich I've ever had..... and I'm a food critic!!Good, flat iron steak yum.... Tyler and Zelda have great customer service. Need to promote there happy hour though. I will return.Not the best place to find fine dining, but at least the atmosphere was inviting.  There was karaokee going on while we were eating our dinner, so if romance is what you're looking for, NOT the place for it!
The food on the other hand was pretty good.  We both got different salads, and I must say, their cheese selection is pretty eclectic.  Everything was served fresh and the waiters all seemed very pleasant.  If you want a casual meal before a movie, this would be a good location.  If it's something a bit more formal (or if you're trying to impress someone :), I'd look elsewhere.A friend & I went for happy hour one evening after work. The decor is definitely that of a hotel bar. We each ordered the house wine, an assortment of the happy-hor sliders and the frittes trio. My friend said the tuna slider was great. I had the beef and the crab: The beef was very dry and very small even by slider standards (the bun overlapped the meet by about .5" all the way around. The crab cake slider had potential but was way over-salted. The fries were hot and pretty tasty, but two of the three sauces were kind of bland and too similar to each other. We also tried the desserts since had a coupon for free ones. The fruit crisp was great...warm, flavorful, full of fruit and had a great texture. The "s'mores" were another story: the peanut butter sauce was decent but there wasn't enough. The brownies, though, were like the little bites you can get from Entemann's or Tastykake. Outlr server that evening was very nice, but not very attentive, which was a problem since we were the only ones in the bar for at least part of the time. He and his fellow servers were fixated on the popcorn machine in the back for a while and it was hard to get there attention. With all of the other happy hours in the city, I don't thik I'll try this one again.I had a highly enjoyable muddled pineapple cocktail here, the food was ok and the mojito was not that impressive.. but i'd go back just for the pineapple drinkTerrible service on Mothers Day. My omelette came out and my wife's chicken sandwich never came out of kitchen. Not that complicated of an order. 
Bartender tried to fix but kitchen obviously didn't care. 
Restaurants need to put the customer experience first over internal process issues. 
Blown opportunity for them and us. We will never go back.
EdSlow inattentive service. Best MAC AND CHEESE EVER!! Just amazing truffle mac and cheese. Don't get it buy yourself, share it with the table. You'll love itI have been here three times now-- once for brunch on a Sunday, once for midafternoon beers with a friend from out of town, and most recently to find a non-crowded place to watch the NCAA tournament.
We arrived at about 10:00p.m. and found that the back half of the restaurant was full of a really talented group doing karaoke. The bar area was crowded but no-one was really watching the games. My friend asked the bartender to switch to another game which he did, no problem. 
We started off with drinks. It was a warm night and I was feeling summery so I ordered the key lime martini. I was not impressed-- it was much too sweet and didn't taste like key lime at all-- it was a combination of vanilla vodka and pineapple juice with way too much whipped cream on top-- I had to ask for a spoon to get rid of most of the whipped cream before I could drink it. 
I hadn't planned on ordering food, but there was a tempting looking menu on the bar next to us, so we decided to order. Unfortunately, the bartender advised us that only their late-night menu was available after 10:00, and gave us a much shorter list. We ordered fries with blue cheese and a variety of aoili for dipping and a baked camembert which was unbelievable. 
Not a four or five-star kind of place, but I would go back just to re-order the fries and camembert.Bartender was super friendly.
Try the Jefferson Ale. A nice tasting beer.I regularly come to Tavern 17 for breakfast with my sisters. The food is good and the service is excellent. Shout out to Kerry. She's the best server I've ever had anywhere.This place is part of the Radisson Blu Hotel.  Our first night it was a decent experience.  Unfortunately, we came during the time the pope was in Philly.  After, all the festivities from the Popes conference we came back at 9:30 to enjoy the rest of the night and so did 30 plus more people.  We ask for a round of drinks and food.  By 10:30 they called last call and would not serve any more mix drinks.  By 11 they were turning people away.  
When I ask what time they usually close they said it was management decision to close early because it was slow.  Although, I understand they were slow, but just with my group of 15 people we spent over $700 by 11pm. 
What was worse about it was that they were very rude on Hope they kicked everyone out.  
Don't recommend this place.I have had drinks and food at Tavern 17 alone and with friends. Recently I discovered that it is an excellent place to have a date with one of my favorite people: myself.
It was Friday at the end of a long and difficult week. I wanted a drink and some space to unwind. I wasn't ready to be social yet, but I also didn't want to be alone. I took a seat at the bar and ordered the house Pinot Grigio, which I'd had before and am quite fond of, although I'm not exactly a wine connoisseur. I sipped my wine and watched the basketball game. It's not a sports bar so there's no yelling or emphatic gestures, but people don't seem to mind if you get into it and do some muttering under your breath when the ref makes a bad call.
After a bit I got out my notebook and planned out some articles for the coming month, still sipping my wine. It was warm and bright but not overly so, and I found it was a pleasant place to work.
The Happy Hour menu is great, and I especially recommend the pretzel bites. They're soft and buttery and come with cheese, regular mustard, and spicy mustard for dipping. They will give you your check right away, which can be good if you're in a hurry, but sometimes makes me feel rushed, like they want me to clear out and free up the seat fast. 
One thing I will note is, as with many hotel bars I'm sure, the crowd is mixed. Sometimes you get a good group of middle-aged to older folks in the city for business, and sometimes you get drunk, bro-y groups getting post-wedding sloshed. And sometimes it's completely empty, and those times are the best times to have a relaxing date with yourself, a glass of wine, and a basketball game.Saturday night - the place was empty except for 2 other people at the bar. Got a couple of beers then we ordered pretzels and continued drinking. Half an hour (not exaggerating) later, we were informed that they are out of pretzels so we should probably order something else. How does it take 5 minutes to realise you are out of something, let alone 30?!Tavern 17 could be a great bar. It is not merely a hotel bar.  It has a good location at 17th and Locust, a nice layout, a good wine list and good menu, but it seems to be not quite there yet.  As two previous reviews mentioned, the space is gorgeous and it is obvious that the Radison has invested in this bar.  
However, the service is patchy and can be unexpectedly slow.  The new manager seems to already be improving matters, so I'll have to go back again in a month and see how things are.  When these changes are made, I'd suggest it strongly as a nice place to have dinner and drinks with a date or as a place for a business lunch.  
An oddity: the bathroom is located a short walk across the lobby of the Raddison Warwick and you'll have to ask your bartender or server for the card key to get in.  
Disclosure: I know someone who works there
Update: the service has improved, as has the menu.  Unfortunately, the "lite jazz" is still on the sound system.  sigh.  Is there ANYONE who likes lite jazz?Hadn't eaten here in a while because of past service issues, but decided to give it another go last night thanks to 1000-point OpenTable reservations.
Arrived for our reservation. Waited 5 minutes before a server finally came over and asked if we wanted a table. The bartenders saw us standing there but decided to keep the laziness alive instead of alerting anyone.
Waited longer for a server to actually come to the table. Ordered a bottle of wine. Server came back with wine. We asked for another minute to decide on entrees - one minute turned into ten before a different server asked if we'd like to order. Yes, please.
Appetizer: House Smoked Mozzarella. Actually REALLY good. Best part of the meal.
Entrees: Me= Chopped Salad. Not good. Bland chicken and underwhelming fixins. Also, a tuna slider. Also bland.  Him= Clam appetizer. Same sauce as comes with the mozz, so not bad.
Decided not to get dessert since service was soooo horribly slow.
Not worth the 1000 points.it tries to act like it's more than a hotel bar - but really it's not.  OK, they have a nice wine room display, but so?
so many other better options spitting distance awayGreat little restaurant attached to the hotel we are staying at. Fairly priced and great food. I'm coming off a drinking my bender in AC so I can't look at booze but they seem to have a really good beer selection.
The pretzel appetizers were a tasty little starter. My wife and brother in law split the flatbread and cheesesteak sandwich. They were very happy with both choices. 
I got the flat iron steak. I normally don't order steaks unless at a steakhouse but was in the mood and extremely happy I did. The steak was quality and I ordered it medium well and it was cooked PERFECTLY.  I was actually amazed how perfect the meat was. My only knock was that there may of been a little too much seasoning. Again though, the meat was prepared so perfectly that it was easy to deal with the seasoning.
Side note: the French fries were AWESOME!
The service was great. Our server was Anne and she was great as well. Attentive without being annoying.
Would def come here again. Glad I'm staying in the hotel attached to this place for the next two days. The ambiance and music adds to the enjoyable experience.So I think it was in Philly Weekly were  I saw the original advertisement for "Yappy Hour" at Tavern 17 and I was super stoked.  Finally a place where myself and my canine companions could kick back and relax after a longs day of work, however I was totally underwhelmed by the hole experience.  After seeing the full page ad in the paper I figured that Yappy hour would be a hit, but when Rex, Lulu and myself arrived much to our disappointment we were the only people and canines there.  
We stayed for about an hour and no one else showed up 
The did have really reasonably priced doggie items for $2.50 (chicken,beef,turkey) that were perfect for Rex and Lulu to chow on while me and my boyfriend sipped some cocktails and munched on some sliders that were also reasonably priced at $2.00.  The service took forever and although I did appreciate the dog friendly venue the outside seating was so small and cramped my dogs were definitely blocking the side walk where people walked by.If they gave half stars I'd give it a two and half.   We came to this hotel restarant because of a Travel Zoo coupon.   Two apps, two entrees and two desserts for $45.  It was a wonderful deal.   We had a 7:30 reservation and were seated at 7:36.   We were given water and menus right away and then didnt see anyone until 8:15 to take our order.   It was not busy!    The are understaffed, plain and simple.  Our waitress, who was very pleasant, was working hard but she was overstretched.   Most people who use coupons dont tip on the full menu price so they probably understaff so the waitstaff can make more at the end of the night, but the patrons suffer. 
The selections were minimal,  there were no specials and the food was just ok.  I had tuna tar tar app and it was oily and so salty my lips puckered.   
Total shame as the ambience was great.   They need an overhaul for sure.   More experienced staff and better menu.  
It was a great deal for the price and the food wasnt bad but we will not go back.Can't give a full review because we didn't actually eat here. After terribly rude service and a menu that wouldn't accommodate changes (seriously, how can they say no to removing cheese from a salad) we left. 
We went with intentions of checking it out as we have visitors staying at the attached hotel and thought it would be convenient for a meal once they arrive. Forget that plan!I made a reservation for last Saturday night for a group of 6.  4 Adults one 4 year old and one 18 month old.  When we arrived I had a feeling things were not going to go smoothly.  The first impression of a restaurant is often delivered by the host/hostess.  When we walked in, we were greeted with a mumble and a frown from the hostess.   It was as if she wasn't in the mood to open her mouth.  After being seated we were assaulted with the constant banging and slamming of the door that separated the hotel lobby and the restaurant.  The noise ruined the ambience and was a constant interference in our dinner discussions.  $10 at the hardware store would have solved this problem... but instead, those in charge of this operation allow a $10 problem to ruin the dining experience for their customers.
Moving on to the food and service.... I must say that our server was an absolute delight.  Very accommodating, friendly, and quick.  She was fantastic.  Unfortunately her service was over shadowed by a limited menu selection and below average food.  We ordered several small plates and a few sandwiches and salads.  Everything missed the mark except for the peanuts roasted in thyme, honey and brown sugar.  It's pretty sad when peanuts are the best part of the meal.   In addition the menu describes their wings as "grilled" but they arrived deep fried.  The Pesto shrimp were over cooked and dry as well.  The food was disappointing but was more disappointing was the decision someone made to add gratuity to a party of 6 that included an 18 month old and a 4 year old who split a grilled cheese & chicken tenders and had one cup of water each.   Poor decisions all around from this placeI went to Tavern 17 for happy hour last week and was really impressed with the beer selection. The bar is huge with a lot of seating and it's definitely a great place to grab a drink before heading out for the evening around rittenhouse square.Hotel bars are almost always mediocre, and this one fits the pattern. We went for dinner, and the food was fine but nothing special. The "pommes frites" seemed like the kind of run-of-the-mill french fries you'd get at a cheap diner. The sliders were decent but not spectacular.
The service: also mediocre. Our order took a long time to arrive although they weren't busy.  We decided to share a dessert and they brought it out with only one spoon.
We were seated next to the wine cellar yet the only drink list we received was the cocktail list. Which we were no longer interested in after noting that the "French 76" contained sour mix where it should have had champagne.
It's not a bad restaurant, exactly. If you happen to be in the area and you want burgers and beers it's not a terrible choice. But there are better options.I've gone there twice for breakfast and dinner. I had to stand in line for 15 min.-there were many empty tables and the 'host' kept disappearing. Other people who were standing behind me also left-I won't go back thereThis is really a dive bar. I thought the service and cleanliness left much to be desired. Fortunately, I voted with my feet and quickly left!During my stay at the Warwick Radisson Plaza, I visited Tavern 17 twice. Both times with the loads of work people who came here for the conference. Both times, it was hard to get the bartender's attention. Oh well, eventually we did. Eventually we got cocktails, beer, wine, sodas, all at deep happy hour discounts.The cape cod I had was plenty strong, full of ice, lime, cran, and (ahem) alcohol.
We didn't order any appetizers... I wanted to but the work people were in a hurry to get to the restaurant for our group "dinner".  So I had no choice but to long for the sliders and chicken satay and wings and other apps that were being delivered to other patrons. They looked and smelled deeeelicious! I'll try them next visit. 
As for the bar service, meh, I've had better.This place is okay for a hotel restaurant. They very recently overhauled the menu to put an emphasis on local ingredients, and I think they're still fine-tuning the new menu. My friend and I got bruschetta, which was bad (good tomatoes, but drowning soggy crappy bread) and we both decided to get the arugula salad, which came with brie toast, mushrooms, and a sh*t-ton of bacon. OMG, it was a lot of bacon. So much so that they should really just rename it bacon salad with arugula. I loved the bacon (who doesn't) but also felt like my attempt to eat healthy was undercut by it. Oh well.
I probably wouldn't come out of my way to eat here, but it was convenient, so, it worked. I think it's probably a 2.5 food place but since our service was good I think rounding it up to 3 is fair.Kudos to the Radisson Plaza for putting a few coin behind a redesign of their restaurant. I'm often times disappointed that compared to it's big brother 99 miles north east (NYC), Philly has yet to fully steer their culinary scene both big and small towards modern venues. 
Well this place delivers with gorgeous private dining areas with candelabras evoking a castle like feel, a 360 degree rectangular bar with off-white leather seating and a glass enclosed wine cave. There's more casual seating around the 17th street side for lounging with a drink. Think hotel bar.  Dining seems to be somewhat of an afterthought the way the bar hogs the spotlight and the central location though.I've tried this place many times because of it's location & price.  
3 Reasons I will never be back:
1.  Dog Menu - Advertised online and in my local dog shop, I came to try it out.  They couldn't find the menu, and didn't seem to care.  I remembered they had chicken on the menu - for $2.50.  They told me it was boiled and had no oil.  It was greasy and gave my dog the runs for 2 days!
2.  Several times I've had the same waiter outside, and he's terrible!  If he's not in the alley talking on his phone or smoking, he's mixing up my order and forgetting my drinks.
3.  The WORST offense of all - there was a small unsubstantiated charge on my credit card.  It wasn't the tip and appeared one week after I last visited.  I complained, they denied, I complained again, they asked for proof, I sent my statement, they didn't call back.  After a week passed I spoke with the manager of the Warwick and he credited my account.  
There's a reason it's normally empty.I loved the atmosphere here - aside from the warbling singer, who luckily took a break after we'd be inside for about 10 minutes.  Low light, enough of a crowd without being squished.  Just right for a drink or two.  I was a bit surprised that there were more folks from the city inside than hotel guests - a guess that's a good sign?  They had some nice seating areas as well.
We ordered a round of drinks pretty quickly, and after the bartender dropped them off, she never ever came back.  Didn't see how they were, didn't see if we wanted another round.  She basically just disappeared.  I don't need to be fawned over, but geez, does it hurt to check back in at least once?
Luckily, the drinks were fine.  They have a nice bar menu to choose from.  We probably would have gone for a second round if the bartender ever moseyed her way back.**Disclaimer: I dined here once more recently than I wrote the review below and was told this chicken dish (gushed about below) is no longer on the menu.  To make matters worse, it was a special surprise birthday dinner and my boyfriend brought me there specifically because I raved about the chicken....for months.  BUMMER. But, our second evening was lovely (although admittedly mostly because of my company!) and I'm sure I would dine here again.  The decor is attractive and the service is above average.
Original Review:
I usually would not spend more than $15 on an entree at lunch time, but I caught a glimpse of the half a chicken at the table next to me and the smell was so overwhelmingly delicious that I couldn't bear to order anything else. And I couldn't be more sincere when saying it was 10x's better in taste than it was in smell. Divine.
The service was FANTASTIC and my guest loved his meal as well. Overall two big thumbs up--but be willing to spend a little more than some neighboring restaurants.  I would probably recommend this place for a romantic dinner or first date. Classy without being stuffy for sure.I can only speak to their brunch menu, where I had the waffle flight.  The presentation deserves 5 stars -- very pretty.  The taste, eh, more like 3 stars. Nonetheless, despite the server spilling a full glass of ice water down my dress, it was a positive experience.  It helped that we had a nice outdoor table on the sidewalk on a delightful day.Good microbrew selection, get the Long Trail pale ale. Had a hamburger 2 days in a row, pretty solid.this review is based strictly on drinking at the bar for 2 nights this past weekend, so take it for what it's worth. our first night we had the biggest ahole tender who thought his s didnt stink. ive been drinking in bars (like most of us have been) since well before i was legal to, and this guy w his ponytail was the worst ive ever had serve me!  what a f'n jerk. the next night service was slow at best. only reason we went back is cuz we stayed at that radisson.  again, mr. ponytail.....you truly are an ahole, jerk, expletive. stay in philly pleaseThe crab legs during happy hour are the best shameless little treat in town. $6 gets you 4 good size clusters. The fries come on their own carousel which is perfect for the snacky kid in all of us. 
The drinks...meh.. I did the happy hour well after I asked what the well was. I was told it was 3 olives (no quite well in my book) but I watched the bartender pour bankers.
The sliders were a tasty bite too!The bar itself is kind of small, since it's in the lobby of The Radisson.  They don't have a bathroom in the restaurant, you have to use the one in the lobby across from Prime Rib.
We had the crostini with bruschetta, veggies and dip, and chicken fingers.  They were all tasty and fresh, but nothing too spectacular.
The draft list left something to be desired, it was almost completely IPAs, Christmas Ales, and brown ales.  I wanted the Allagash White!  or the Pilsner!  Alas, both were on the board...but kicked.  They did replace one with a pumpkin that was okay.
All in all, I wasn't overly impressed with the establishment, their draft list, or shared restroom situation.  I probably won't be back to this one.I would like to begin by staying the atmosphere was beautiful. It had a cozy-feel as soon as you walked in. I was with a group of 13+ professionals just networking from 6 - 11pm on 03/15/2013. The food was good but our bartender, Mike could use some customer service training.  I came in a little after my group and went to the bar to order my food and drink. As the food orders came in for the other members of my party, I could see the obvious frustration on Mike's face. As I waited for my order the bar, he shouts out in frustration, "I'm not gonna be going back and forth to that table with all these food orders!" He then kicked the door existing the bar, and yells "F***! It was extremely offensive. When he came back, my food was ready and I asked him to close my tab. I think he could tell I was offended, so he tried to overcompensate by saying I was his favorite guest. (I assume I was his "favorite" because I waited for my food at the bar)
It was a nice enough bar, but we will hold our networking events elsewhere. I would say,  another lady behind the bar assisted in collecting the glasses and plates from the tables; she was kind and polite. I wish I had her name.I do not recommend this place i went today for brunch gave me a glass with lipstick on it. You don't have dishwashers. The food is not good either had a breakfast quesadilla not good whatsoever won't be going back.$3 rogue drafts at happy hour until 7pm.  nuff said.
the music selection is a bit much, but the waitress was kind enough to turn it down so we could enjoy our al fresco pints.  didn't eat there but my friend said it wasn't anything to write home about so i'm not.After a long day of travel, once we checked in to the hotel, my family and I were too tired to explore. 
We opted for one of the restaurants in the lobby of our hotel.
Tavern 17 looked nice, and a lot less formal than the other option in the raddison. 
It was almost 7pm on a Sunday night, and we were the only people there. Later a few people straggled in and sat at the bar. But by 8 something, there were only about 6 or 7 people... We made up 3. That's a bad sign. 
The service was ok. The place was dead, so they could have been more attentive, but it was fine.
The food was honestly bad.
My wife had butternut squash soup - and she gets it everywhere. It was too thick and way way too sweet.  She didn't finish it.
I had a chicken sandwich. It was bland. The salad that came with it had a pretty nasty dressing on it. 
The nachos we had were ok.
Won't be back. Too bad this place handles the room service too!This bar, like everyone said, could be great.  I thought the atmosphere was nice and the waitstaff to be attentive.  I was also surprised at how reasonable their menu prices were considering it looked like a more expensive place.
Unfortunately, I got FOOD POISONIING.  Scombroid poisoning to be exact.  It was from their tuna tartare.  I've never had such bad tuna and had a terrible night as a result.  
I called them to complain and appreciated how they listened to my complaints and did all they could to investigate the problem and make it up to me.  This still doesn't change the fact that they served bad tuna, but I did appreciate how they dealt with the situation.The food here is okay. Happy hour was nice. For a friday evening when I came it was pretty dead...and it was the friday of St. Patricks wknd. 
We had this older bartender who had a very interesting personality...One minute he was nice, the next he was grouchy. 
As the rest of our party arrived, we told them to try to avoid the old man if possible...cause you are not sure which personality you will get.
My friend use to live upstairs so I've been here to dine before but never for happy hour/just drinks. I have been to the cafe next door as well.I have to admit that my experiences here were similar to the other Yelpers. I would hope that business owners cared enough to do their due diligence to constantly improve and satisfy their customers.  It only makes sense to take the criticism and turn it around to something positive... such as revamping what needs to be changed. 
Yes, this place has a sleek modern design and is centrally located in Rittenhouse Square and that is pretty much where the stars of this review stops. The food was good but nothing to rave about. Actually the organic chocolate waffles were better than good... totally yummy  and their Ceasar salad w/ grilled Salmon was delicious (definitely 4 stars). But the service was incredibly slow and unattentive, hence the lower rating. It really is too bad, because it reeks potential.Rating downgrade. Sorry Andy, but this menu keeps changing around too much. I like consistency, and knowing what to expect when I visit a place. I went there today hoping to inhale some brie and pear french toast and was told that it is no longer there. So, I instead ordered the berry pancakes, and I was left wondering if the waiter forgot a plate in the kitchen. Service was lame... water wasn't refilled. I am left disappointed here and there is a good chance that I will not return.The bar is really stylish, the menu is fine. But the service was downright rude.  We sat at a table in the bar and ordered food and drinks.  Not sure why they seemed annoyed to serve us.  We got the wrong food, the wrong drinks, and got no apologies and little to correct the situation. We even had to ask a few times for the correct food/drink.  Not sure if it was just an off night, I doubt we'll go back.I think that the concept of this place is well intentioned. However, the execution of their food and general business practice is what I have an issue with. I think if a customer pays the first time, they shouldn't be given a second bill. Which is what happened to me and let me tell you that's awkward for everyone. 
Their food is OK... But nothing I would say is different or out of the ordinary. With a little work i think that this place has potential.I'm gonna have to give this place one star. We went there a few months ago and the initial experience warranted 2.5 stars, the food was decent and the service was friendly but slow.
The upside: the food was quite tasty. My boyfriend and I both got the same thing, the bison burger, and it was juicy, perfectly cooked, and the condiments/build of the burger was great.
The downsides: The service was slow. Sloooooooooow. We weren't expecting anything amazing - we came in at a strange time on a strange day, though obviously it was during operating hours - but the server was totally MIA for most of the meal, didn't want to refill my drink (I had water for gods' sake, and I like to drink a lot of it - it was a hot day and a nice glass of ice water was all I wanted after walking around Center City for hours). As others have said, the time it took to have our orders taken and then have the food brought out was definitely stretching my patience thin, especially as I was quite hungry and not drinking alcohol.
But overall it wasn't a horrible experience. However, because of the exceptionally slow/semi-nonexistent service, we 'only' tipped a tiny bit over 15%. My boyfriend paid by debit card and always writes in the tip on his copy of the receipt and saves it.
A few days later, he checked his bank statement, and the charge from the restaurant seemed a tad bit too high. He went back and checked and yup - the charge was about $2 higher than what it should have been. Apparently the waitress wasn't happy with a 15% tip...
Now, it's only $2, not like being defrauded out of some life-altering sum. But it was the principle of the matter that was, to us, unacceptable. When he called and asked to speak with the manager, whoever he got on the line was very polite and corrected the problem very promptly and professionally, so they do get props for that. But unfortunately having waitstaff that changes the amounts on the receipts after it's signed is a bad enough detraction that I'm going to have to give it one star.Ooohh, you guys came here for service!  ...and to eat with your dogs!
I didn't.  
I came here for the cheap happy hour beers and sliders.  The bears were cheap, the sliders were yummy, and the place is lovely.  I would never pay full price for the stuff though.  The place is nice and the location couldn't be better.I ordered the poullard salad to go and it was quite tasty.  Staff have always been friendly and down to earth, and the service has been attentive.  Mind you, I have only ordered to go or sat at the bar for a quick bite and a beer.I don't really know what to even say about this place. We came here to hang out with a group of friends and watch a sports game but the bar was sooo crowded (which is totally understandable). We made a spot for ourselves and attempted to get a drink at the bar but it was so packed i found it impossible to get the bartender to notice. Aside from that, there isn't much to rave about - nice place with average decor but a great location.
I might give this place another shot - we maybe just went on an off night where they were short staffed, who knows.God this place is just awful.  It is a hotel bar--fine not all hotel bars suck (see Chase Lounge review).    The staff isn't really friendly at all, and the patrons are just plain blah.  
Now that they no longer have Karaoke, I will never go here again.I had not been to Tavern 17 in several years because the prior times going the service was beyond bad.  Decided to go in again while walking by with some friends and after our dining experience I see why it was empty while the majority of other venues had a wait for lunch. The lack of attention by the wait staff was overly apparent.  My friends said it was below average, and will not be going back again.If I was only critiquing the bar itself, they'd get 5 stars. It looks beautiful and modern. Food wise, it's a whole other story. I was here for an event and I ordered fries and a friend ordered pretzel bites. His looked amazing while I got a huge pile of overcooked fries.
Their website also claims that if you park in the garage behind the hotel, they validate your parking and give you a discounted rate. However, one waitress told me she could do it and then disappeared, the bartender told me the front desk could do it, and the front desk told me the event host (already long gone) had to do it. So beware if you happen to be driving; apparently no one wants to make sure you save money in the garage after patronizing their business.I was working late one weekday in cc & took a dinner break with my fiance here during part of happy hour. I cant remember what day of the week it was but it was fairly empty.  Although the interiors have a glam-ed up sleekness to them, it definitely has a  hotel- vibe but just a bit- I felt like I was an out of towner just being there. The server was good & helpful; he even gave us a last call for happy hour drink prices. The happy hour beers were $4 or 5 and the drink specials come in mini glasses for $1.70 & there are wine flights all the time, 3 for $10.  I had a panini since there weren't many (any?) other veggie options & it was delicious & overly filling.  Fiance had the burger flight with 5 different meats to make up for my vegetarianess. We also split a great appetizer. I only give 4/5 because I felt like I was a tourist in my own city- the waiter asked if we were on vacation (um, no, we work around the corner).  I would recommend for a single diner or a couple of friends looking for good food & quiet chill drink or two.I have been here twice - the first time was when they first opened and it was great - maybe 4 stars.  We had $1.70 sliders and fabulous ginger & pineapple cocktails.  We sat on a sofa in a corner of the bar and had great service.
A few months later we went back - this time for Center City Sips.  The place was PACKED, the menu (food and drinks) had changed and the service was just awful. A 1 star experience.
Thus, I am giving them 2 stars and I will not return.I have eaten here twice now. I ate here for dinner once, and ate here for brunch today. The first time I had the french burger and it was nothing special. Had I rated the place on this alone, I would have probably given it a two or three star rating. However, the meal that I had today was the Brie and Pear French Toast ($11). It was amazing and probably the best tasting French toast I have ever had. Even the syrup was special and I was dipping my knife in it and licking it off. Quite the sight, I assure you. They could have made this a lot better if they doubled the size of the serving, however, because I was still a little hungry afterwards. 
Also, last time I was here I had sweet potato french fries and they were great. Unfortunately, some clown decided to take them off the menu, but the bar tender mentioned that if enough people request them, they will probably bring them back.
The interior is pretty nice and it is connected to a nice hotel lobby.
There is FREE WIFI here.
Food Quality/Taste = 3/4 Stars
Portion Size Given Price = 2.5 Stars
Price = 3 Stars
Service = 3 Stars
Experience with Staff = 4 Stars
Decor = 4 StarsOMG how are they in business?
Awful poor service
New Years Eve dinner pre set menu
Wait staff awful Food awful
Fatty prime rib thrown on top of mash 
Caprese salad the tomatoes were bruised and old, Two little pieces of mozzarella...seriously?
Crispy halibut...not even close when you through it in a bowl of some kind of liquid.
Stay away from this place!I had been here once before for happy hour and had a decent experience in terms of food and service.  After reading a 5 star review, I thought that maybe the place had improved on the dinner service complaints expressed by fellow Yelpers, but alas, service here was quite terrible for Christmas dinner!  There was less "Ho! Ho! Ho!" and more "No! No! No!" that night.
I came here with friends for an orphans' holiday dinner (or more like I was the orphan, and the others were pretending not to be Jewish for a night).  We waited for 30 minutes before anyone came over to fill our water glasses, and service continued to be slow.  If I had to guess, perhaps one or two waiters called in "sick" for the Christmas holiday?  To compensate for the slow service, we did get a free round of wine by the glass, but getting anything (like water refills) from the waitstaff was a bit of a struggle.  
The food was decent but not spectacular, and somehow the kitchen had run out of the holiday menu desserts!  Instead of red velvet cake, I had semi-congealed pseudo-cheesecake?  
For the love of Santa Claus, don't come here next year for Christmas dinner!  It's cheaper than some of the other non-Chinatown Christmas dinner options in Center City, but do yourself a favor and pay the upgrade in price for at least average if not great service elsewhere.Lame lame lame lame.
Was just checking reviews for an idea of where to take a friend to lunch...saw this and was shocked I never wrote up my horror story. 
Went here for lunch with some colleagues and it was a disaster.  There was literally NO ONE in the restaurant.  We waited for a few minutes until someone acknowledged us. Sat down, another 10 minutes before a server came over.  Ordered some martinis...colleague's came out wrong and the bartender legitimately picked a fight with me about it being wrong (our server was MIA for most of the meal, so after waiting a while for him to come back, we just went to the bar to get a replacement).  Our food (sliders) took a good 45 minutes to come out.  Seriously Tavern?  They were tasty, but this place was infuriating and I will NEVER go back.So, like I said, my friend and I got food poisoning here.
Well, the managers did a full investigation and couldn't find anything wrong with the tuna and passively refused to accept the fact that I got food poisoning from their food.  They kept saying things like "We apologize that you had a bad dining experience."  Apparently there weren't any other complaints of food poisoning that night.  However,  I find this impossible as I am 100% I got Scombroid poisoning from their tuna.  I even have pictures of the hives I got.  
Anyways they apologized over and over and tried to make it up to me with a gift certificate.  That was all nice and good, but I really just wanted my bill refunded and for them to acknowledge the fact that they served bad tuna.  Oh well.what a joke.  paid $26 for crabcakes the size of m&ms.  waited half hour for the peach crumbler which was riddled with hard pieces of the pit.  would recommend this place only for a few beers.On the plus side- great service at the bar, slow service table side but the food was very good.  Prices are reasonable and location is convenient spot in downtown. I will return sometime soon.Listen, this is a hotel bar and restaurant and it should be treated as such. 
So why would a local go? Happy Hour!! Tavern 17 has one of the best happy hours in the city. All beers are half off, plus appetizer specials. We're not talking about cheap domestic beers either. Their taps are all craft beers, lots of locals. Honestly $3 for a pint of a Rogue Double IPA. You aren't going to find a better deal anywhere. Plus, it is always amusing to watch the out of towners wander in for a pre-dinner drink. Last visit we were treated to some jolly British folks on one side and some surly Russian women on the other. Talk about diversity!Great little restaurant connected to the Radisson Blu hotel although does not have feel of a hotel bar. Pretty good beer selection, our bartender (Mike) was top notch in his words "I can make anything taste good" lol. Short Ribs were nothing short of amazing!!! The Pachheri was very good as well with fresh pasta. All in all a very gd experience I would definitely recommend this spot.We've been to this place on a variety of occasions. All you need to know is that every slider is tasty and the frites 3-ways are a must. The wine selection is above average however the beer selection is lacking. Nice atmosphere. When they host karaoke its always a blast, even you prefer to just sit back and enjoy the show.For the first time, I am going to use my Yelp Elite status to rule that this restaurant is not 2.5 star quality.  We used a Groupon for four people this evening, and everything from the service, to beer and wine, to the food, and even to the elusive, hard to please dessert list...amazing!
Tavern 17 is in the beautiful, old Warwick Hotel in Rittenhouse, tucked away in the far corner.  The contemporary, modern mix of decor is pleasant to the eye and very comfortable for a long evening of good food and drinks.  We started out with seasonal drafts (Bells Brown and Pine-eer were both excellent), the sliders, fish tacos and tuna tartare.  All four were great, but a slight edge to the tuna tartare, which had a fantastic acidity, smooth texture on top of crispy flat bread.  
Our mains were far better than expected.  We had the scallops (perfect sear and risotto), chicken (beautiful mash with strong thyme and tarragon), steak (cooked to a flawless medium rare), and seafood pasta (lots of seafood in a relatively light basil creme sauce).  
I was waiting for a disaster in desserts, but I was pleasantly surprised again when a beautiful, light red velvet cake arrived along with a mixed berry crumb concoction with ice cream.  We paired the deserts with the house, Mainstreet Chardonnay, which was creamy, smooth, and fruity.  Our server was friendly, light, and pleasant all night, and the flow of the courses was perfect.  I'm not one to write a lot of gushing reviews, but I couldn't find a flaw with this evening, and they deserve their five stars from me.I really hate bashing places, but this joint sucks.
Service was sooooooooo slow.  Like 25 minutes before take our order.  35 minutes before food gets there.  Outrageous.  Two people.  Come on.  My dining mate said same thing happened a week or two before and he left after waiting 20minutes without someone coming to his table.
The food was so sub-par, almost in just plain gross territory.
The nachos are worse than the ones I made as a kid.
The burger is absolutely horrible.  A pre-formed patty totally made from frozen.  It was grey/brown.  Way overcooked. 
The fries sucked.
The "parmesan nuggets" was literally chunks of parmesan on a dish.
And you may be thinking, "this guy ordered burger, nachos, parmesan, I shouldn't take his word anyway."  But trust me, it was the most exciting thing on this extremely limited menu.
I'll give two stars because the place was decent looking inside and I just feel bad for them since they're going to go out of business (because they suck).If your the only table in the restaurant should your food take 35 minutes?  The coffee made me gag.  The hostess was a b....   And the Manager at the bar ordered after us and got her food before us.
BTW don't ask me why we ate here.  My wife wanted to go.The ONLY reason I'm not giving this place 1 star is because the drinks were good and the food was okay, not bad enough to quite warrant that awfully low score.
Last night myself and 3 others went out to eat, hoping to sit down at a bar and get some quick dinner and a drink or two. Not realizing there was both a Flyers playoff game and Phillies game on, we weren't able to find a bar close by that could seat us right away. We finally stumbled upon Tavern 17, and weren't super excited because of the bad reviews on yelp but figured, hey, what's the worst that could happen?
Well, the worst that could happen is as follows: 1-waitress, who also plays roll of host, takes longer than necessary to seat us 2-said waitress is either completely uninterested or extremely unaware of the drink menu, offering zero recommendations when asked 3-waitress informs me that i cannot order every single drink i ask for, with no explanation 4-food takes WAY too long to come out, considering the place is pretty empty and the order was very simple 5-all the variety of french fries ordered are disgustingly salty, 100% inedible (not that we were ever asked how everything was) 6-waitress (her again) never checks up on table, we have to put in effort to get the check
Edit - I'm changing this review to 1 star. I mean, if I don't I'm not sure what would ever qualify. The drink, after finally picking one that was "make-able," was good, but other than that I can't think of anything positive to say. The prices are reasonable? I mean clearly I'm reaching here. The space is nice, and could be fantastic if the service weren't so abysmal and the food weren't so inconsistent.
I will definitely not be back to eat, but may go for happy hour in the future, since they offer decent deals and have specials on weekends.