On our first night in Philly's downtown district (near Market Street) my wife and I came across this place by chance. We had just checked into the Hotel and we were both hungry. 
We found Tazia completely by chance and decided to give it a try. The drinks and food are excellent! From there Crab Fried rice to there Tangerine Shrimp to there Saki infused Mussels the food was on point! Service was excellent and the staff and people were very friendly.
Prices are moderate and it's a great place to drink, eat and unwind.5 star. this place is the bomb. this foood is soooo gooood. i kept ordering the same foood over and over again on the same day.the dude i'm dating has this problem of just buying groupons left and right without first checking yelp. but i have no problem tagging along and then yelping about a place anyway :) 
he lucked out and ordered the better dish: crispy duck-- it was cooked PERFECTLY. crispy delicious outside, yummy sauce... delish. I had the pad thai. And I've had it better. Also the drinks were kinda weak sauce-- if I can down a martini without wincing then Houston, we have a problem (and it be: sobriety). 
i would come for their happy hour specials-- that way you can have okay food at a much more okay price.I didn't eat here, but came for a drink and stumbled across their awesome late night happy hour.  The drinks were good (extensive selection) and the food menu looked tasty as well.  We just had dinner so weren't hungry for more food, but I am looking forward to going back and trying a few things.Disclaimer: Happy hour only.
They have a special happy hour menu for drinks/apps for ~$3. Not a bad deal. Having some finger good to go with a drink can be nice. 
Overall not bad, not great.I came here with my boyfriend honestly just to get a quick drink before taking a midnight SEPTA ride -- having just come from a craft beer festival, I wanted a mixed drink. The first two places we went to were both closing up, and everyone directed us to Tazia. The atmosphere was low-key, which was nice, though there were a decent number of people sitting at the bar (not for a Friday night though). All I can really review is the Chinatown Iced Tea (mango flavored!), which was delicious. I know that Long Islands are usually supposed to be tasteless despite the high alcohol content, but this was especially good at covering that up--to the point that I drunkenly scrawled on my hand what made it so good. The bartender was also super friendly and nice!Although it is located in Chinatown, it is situated on a much quieter and dark street. Thus not very people know about it or visit it. However, the restaurant has a lot of potential and I would have to visit back a few times to fairly judge it. But based on my experience there for the first time, I like it. The food was interesting and I like that it has a bar and karaoke room. Service was really good and friendly as well.Horrible idea to write this while I'm drunk as a Viking. But I am telling you now, this is now the best bar I've ever been to in my life. Here is my list of to dos while here:
1. Lychee Martini - possibly the best one I've ever had. Too hard to ignore, and totally just one of the best tasting martinis ever! I will literally sit there all day long.
2. 1 Dollar oysters - Fresh, sexy, and very tasty!
3. 1 dollar skewers - I'll never say anything bad about skewers, and kababs. This remains the same at this place.
Happy hour is awesome, I think this place needs more props. This is a true drinker's paradise, no one bothers you and service is not pretentious but friendly.I brought my fiance and her brother to this place on a busy Friday night during restaurant week, and I found their service friendly and efficient. The food was very good, although the portions were a bit on the small side. This could be because it was restaurant week, however. I was very pleased with the potstickers, wanton soup, salmon and portabella mushrooms that came in 5 courses, but the piste de resistance was the tres leche cake for desert.This is certainly not my first time at Tazia.  In fact, I just love the place.  They have perhaps the best happy hour in the city with $3 domestic beers and a HUGE $3 happy hour food menu.  Not kidding, 20 items....$3 each.  We usually come here before shows at the Trocadero for a quick bite and drink.  Tazia didn't disappoint.  I had two beers and for food I got: cheesesteak spring rolls, buffalo bites and duck dumplings.  Mind you, this isn't the highest quality food in chinatown...but for the price...you can't beat it.  The buffalo bites were tasty, but i'm not a fan of their blue cheese.  The cheesesteak spring rolls are my favorite and the duck dumplings were excellent.
This place is also a great secret place for good karaoke.  They have a huge room in the back as well as private rooms for parties.  We have had some of our favorites times in the city at Tazia.  I am a little sad by reading to the review saying they are closing this summer.  I hope this isn't true!  Go here while you can I guess!Awesome happy hour!!!
drinks startign at $3, $3.50 special martinies, $4 cocktails, $1 skewers, and $3 tapatizers!! 
Pros:
Appletini/lycheetini/pinappletini: all good and a bit strong. 
shrimp pouch: AMAZING cute little pouches. comes with 3
Duck dumpling: mini dumplings with gourmet sauce. comes with about 5
Wings: 4 pieces of deep fried wings/drumsticks with sauce.
mediocre: 
Buffalo bites: sauce was weird, but comes with about 5 pieces and celery.
Spicy tuna roll: 4 pieces with WAY TOO MUCH RICE and not even spicy
Cheesetake roll: just deepfried meat with ketchup.... 
con: 
Ambiance: dead. come with fun people or you will be bored.Tazia (formally ly michaels) still got the best taste food in chinatown!!! Their crab Raviolis are to die for!! It is simple the best! And they have the best calamari ever! They always have great menu specials and drink specials as well. And they are the only one on restaurant week with the 5 course meal menu!! I say rsvp with them asap to try them out for great food!! They even open late for the kitchen! And the renovations are even better with a roomier eating area and karaoke plus a better bathroom for the ladies! lol. And my bestest bartender, Tammy, is a great eye candy while you eat! haha! :D She whips up the best drinks as well! Please read my ly michaels review, as it would be the same as I would write for tazia!I am completely saddened after meeting the owner that their lease is finishing this year in July or June(forgot!). Because I was so distraught that it took all of my energy to not burst out in tears. 
I love this place, its just probably the best drinker's bar I could ever find for a good lychee martini! So enjoy it while you can, if you're reading this review. Its better to have love and lost than to have never loved at all I guess...Came here last night with a business associate.  The place was pretty quiet, mostly just a few folks at the bar watching sports.  
The food?  Pretty great.  The service?  Well-meaning and pleasant, but not all together there.  I asked what beer they had on tap.  Sorry, our tap's broken, but we have bottles!  Okay, what's your bottle list.  Oh, what do you want?  Do you have an IPA?  Sure.  But only on tap.  Hm.  So really, you don't have one.  (and honestly, no printed beer list?  Might want to add that to your cocktail menu, Tazia!)
So we order our food.  Only it turns out they gave us the wrong menus, so we can sort of get what we wanted, but with a few minor additions because apparently, we got next week's.  Sea bass, crispy duck, sweet potatoes and green beans.  Only the duck comes with green beans and the waitress didn't think to tell us that.  She was nice, but maybe new on the job?  She had to come back so many times to make adjustments I was starting to feel like I was in a comedy sketch or something.Tazia is not on the top of my list of places to go to for food in Chinatown. It's more known for it's Happy Hour specials and karaoke rooms.
Happy hours happen twice a day, except for Fridays (3:30 to 6:30pm only). So from Sunday to Thursday between 3:30pm (yes, 3:30! We Chinese people have tea time) - 6:30pm and 10pm to midnight, drinks are priced from $3-$5, depending on what you order. I personally love all the martinis that are listed on the Happy Hour specials. Now let's talk about the appetizers, or as Tazia likes to call it, Tapatizers. I highly recommend the golden pouches (minced shrimp meat that is stuffed in wonton wrapped and fried until it's golden and crispy), the duck dumplings and the crabmeat ravioli. All tapatizers are $3, and there are over 20 items listed on the menu. 
Please note: I've never been to the karaoke rooms at Tazia, but I have heard that the rooms are bigger than Yakitori's and the rates are much more reasonable. Just make sure you make a reservation for a karaoke room, if interested.Even-though there is nothing licentious about Tazia, it does definitely have the DNA of "Saigon Bar Girl" in its approach to catering to the whims of each patron. Its menu is a trip around the world, notably Italy and Japan which is fused into a S.E. Asian sensibility. Vietnamese cuisine is the ultimate fusion food which assimilates what's best from other countries. I find it interesting the Vietnamese owners choose not to list themselves as a Vietnamese restaurant when spiritually they are more authentic than those who do.Tazia is asian food for people who are scared of chinatown. 
Nothing is totally awful, but nothing is totally great either.I got take out from Tazia.  The sesame chicken was alright, but not great.  I will give them another shot though because the do have take out beer for purchase, which is important to know for this neighborhood.I came here twice this week to partake in their Happy Hour specials. With $5 martinis, $3 a plate Tapappetizers and $1 skewers, it was doable on my college student wallet. I ordered a Lycheetini, Watermelontini, Cosmopolitain, and Pineappletini. The lycheetini was cute and strong with an actual lychee. I enjoyed the Cosmopolitain and Pineappletini but the Watermelontini was way too sickly sweet for me. 
Our Tapappetizers: Vietnamese Spring Rolls, Calamari, Chicken Roti and Duck Dumplings were just okay. ($3 for vietnamese spring roll is kinda a rip off) 
The service is a bit off though. Both times that I've been there, I felt as if my waitress (different people) were giving me attitude. They weren't straight out rude but definitely not friendly and a bit pushy when it comes to our orders.Came here one night with 2 other girls for dinner who come here often, ever since the place was called Le Michael's
Asian fusion food all the way, located in Chinatown I believe. Parking seems a bit difficult to find on the streets.
The interior of the place is pretty nice, dim lit with candles. The place is pretty big, you walk in and you see the bar, and it's two stories I believe with plenty of tables.
Cute girls working at the bar and servers. ;)
Menu seemed a little cheap though cause it's just a paper menu. Items listed is very Asian fusion. They had basic thai dishes, like Pad Thai. Many unique cocktails, basic alcoholic & non-alcoholic beverages, and I believe a few selection of beer.
here is what we ordered for food:
Crab ravioli- pretty tasty! Tastes like your regular ravioli but with crab meat and a delicious cheesy sauce. I'd recommend this, order two if you don't want to share but you know your friends will want to try :P
Pouches- potstickers/dumplings, not bad. it was a bit hard to eat because of the way it was cooked, but it was pretty tasty & meaty & the sauce wasn't so bad. 
Curry w Indian Bread- nothing special, curry wasn't too flavorful, I've had better, but the chicken was pretty tender (: the Indian bread wasn't so bad, its just like pita bread
Pad Thai- nothing special as well, tastes like any other pad thai I've had. I've had better for sure though.
Thai BBQ beef salad- i was a bit disappointed with this. dressing tasted a bit bland. they did load the salad up with a lot of meat though :) they just need to add more spice & lime/lemon to the sauce...it needs a kick.
We all ordered drinks, I got the Thai-Tini, which was yum! Tasted like regular Thai iced tea, you don't taste the alcohol but it's a creeper for sure. 
When we were about to leave, the owner gave us shots of some lychee shot. It was so good! It's a shot (I dont remember which liquor) with a lychee in it. I wasn't sure if you're supposed to eat the lychee first & then drink the shot, or shot first? My friend ate the lychee first and said it was too strong & drank the shot. I took the shot first & it wasn't strong & then ate the lychee which was sweet.
So maybe i recommend you take the shot & eat the lychee :)
I wanted to try to drunken pineapple shot, i think it's about the same thing! 
Warning: service at the table was a bit slow. 
Restrooms is located in the hallway, and it's sort of pretty! The only sucky thing is they don't have toilet covers! DOH!!
Overall, pretty cool place to hangout for drinks & appetizers.For as skeptical as we were when we walked in the door, this place has pretty decent food. The restaurant space is a little fragmented- the bar seems a bit out of place and some tables are randomly placed in dark nooks. Even the menu is a bit disjointed with some Italian and American dishes mixed in with mostly Asian dishes. We placed our order and crossed our fingers that everything would turn out alright.
The Vietnamese summer rolls were a bit chewy and bland. The beef fried rice was probably my favorite- it had nice lean pieces of beef with flavorful rice that wasn't too salty or greasy. They also put corn it. Sounds weird, I know, but those little nuggets of sweetness were a nice addition. My second favorite was the Pad Thai with chicken. It was peanutty, slightly sweet, and a little tangy- all that a Pad Thai should be. They were just a little too generous with the sauce in my opinion as I like a drier version. Their chicken curry dish was really just seared chicken tenders dressed in an Indian inspired coconut curry sauce. It was too plain for me. I think I would've liked it more had they simmered the chicken in the sauce for a bit rather than just poured it on. I do like how they offered brown rice for free though.
On a service note, our server was tremendously attentive and helpful. 
This place seems to be suffering a bit of an identity crisis. If they used a little more of their energy to focus strictly on Asian food, I think this place would have some potential.Eh. Ate here last night for a friends birthday dinner and "eh" is the best I can muster. I didn't have high expectations and I was still underwhelmed. It wasn't BAD, it just wasn't anything that I couldn't have gotten from my local chinese spot. We started with a bunch of appetizers. First, the cheesesteak egg rolls, which were the size of vienna sausages. Beside being so small, there were only 3 of them; low marks for that. The seared ahi tuna was just as small, (seriously, it was like doll food!) but at least it was surprisingly tasty. The edammame tasted like edammame. The calamari was, AGAIN, TINY little strands, and it was chewy and very salty. I'd say the tuna and edammame were good, but I could've done without the rest. Now, you'd think, given the Keebler elf size appetizer portions that the entrees would be just as small, but the dinner portions were HUMONGOUS! I guess they were trying to make up for starving us. I had the crispy duck and it was very good. Definitely crispy and the meat was juicy, but I wasn't exactly a fan of the raspberry sauce that came with. No desserts for us, as we were ready to go. Apps, dinner, drinks, tip AND springing for the birthday girl and her husbands meals only set us back $63 a person, so the price isn't badThe worst dining experience I have had so far. We went there for restaurant week. First of all the place does seem to be some weird mix between a sports bar and a japanese restaurant. The restrooms are all the way in the back in some industrial hallway.
We had the 5-course restaurant week special. The seafood tasted old, the crispy seabass was fried and came out really greasy and not crispy at all. Also our dishes were never brought out at the same time and service was really slow.Food was good enough. Did the restaurant week prix fixe menu. Good sized portions, too big for the five courses served. Service was very slow.Yeah, gave em another shot...the take out beer saves them from getting one star for their food.We went for a late dinner on a Tuesday night.  The place was clean, and the atmosphere was generally friendly.  The menu was full of interesting and diverse items.  The focus of the restaurant seems to be the bar, not the food, and we weren't drinking, so maybe we need to stop by with a different intent sometime.
The food -  We got the vegetable miso soup, summer rolls, crab on noodles with greens salad (I forget the menu name), and Bass entree.  The soup was average and only had mushrooms and bits of snap peas as veggies.  The summer rolls and dipping sauce were pretty bland, and the rice paper was inconsistent in texture.  The salad was good and clean.  I'm not sure the crab added anything, I would have subbed tofu if given the option, and the fish sauce was good.  The bass wasn't what we expected.  It was a thick cut, breaded and deep fried (maybe tempura) then covered in a very sweet ginger sauce.
All that said, I might like to come by for a cocktail sometime and try some of the other interesting items on the menu.love the servers, bartenders and the owner! everyone is always so friendly here, and the 2x happy hour specials rock! can't beat their $4.00 red sangria's and their cheesesteak springrolls! mmmm.Nice meal - ordered all small plates, and the service was fine - friendly, there when you need them, but not when you don't. We went with an old friend and just wanted to talk and catch up - they let us stay until the got ready to set up a large party, and even then we were the ones moving out of the way.
The meal was not remarkable in the sense that I can't say which was my favorite dish, but I liked the fried tofu, the Tokyo Chop, and the cheesesteak egg rolls.Definitely not a fan of this place. $3 for three pieces of wasabi shu mai? For HAPPY HOUR? No wonder people go to Yakitori. The service is not good and the servers look miserable / like they're better than you.
Come here if you have to go on a date with someone you don't really like. She'll never want to go out with you after an experience like this.Surprisingly good martinis and snacks.  Steer away from the pizza (should be common sense) - love the fried wings.  Drawback is the convention crowd.  I have had more to drink than eat here - so head the warnings of others.fine place to grab a few brews before hitting a show at the troc around the corner. i would never have checked this place out myself, but a friend stated this is the place she "always" pregames before a show. there were some tv's playing sports, and a wide range of characters at the bar. the bartenders were not as attentive as i would have hoped, but they were kind enough.I have gone to Ly Michael's before, much to my dissatisfaction when I showed up tonight, it has changed names and some of the previous owners have left (apparently the good ones). 
So let's start with what was good: the service. Nice, informative, talked me in to staying...which should be a strike against the guy, but he was persuasive. 
Now, on to the bad: the food. There were many interesting items on the new menu. The front says where "Dim Sum Meets Tapas" which in itself should have made me run. I am all for Asian Fusion but not Asian Italian Fusion. Gak. (PS: If you like the idea of Italian Asian Fusion, stop reading now.) 
Back to the bad food. The menu was laid out on 3 pages: Tastes on page one; oysters, pizza, and Asian soups for two on page two; and Bites on page three. I heard a waitress say, "tastes are small appetizers and bites are small plates." Ummm...really? At this point not call them Dim Sum and Tapas? 
After this bit of news, I am thinking now is a good time for some wine; best to start with the booze. And where to begin, there is a wine menu, and page four and five of the menu are all mixed alcoholic concoctions. But I just want a glass of wine, the waiter says those three dreaded words to a wine lover, "red or white?" Gak times two!!
Oh man. So "white" it is. I was alone so no bottle for me (this review might be different after a whole bottle). 
I decided to order safe. There is a recent snow storm, so no chef's selected sushi rolls, no oysters, and no, no pizza. 
I asked my friendly waiter to decide between the pot stickers and fried spring rolls. He said spring rolls. They came very quickly, they were frozen, I am sure of it. The insides of the roll were so solid and lacking in tastes that they were clearly processed months ago. 
And, sticking with my safe plans, I went for the Pad Thai with shrimp, also previously froze (at this point I expected it) and also not deveined, and very very small. It did however have good flavor but just noodles and defrosted shrimp are not going to cut it (I was tempted to pay the 7 for the pizza just to see if it too were frozen!). 
My headline would be: Small plates, same price, not worth it. 
Overall, I was disappointed. The two stars were mostly for service. And that is only cause I had the guy waiting on me, the uninformed woman waiting on the table next to me would have garnered about 0.5 stars.Good for happy hour because drinks are cheap and food is discounted.  Casual and comfortable atmosphere.  Food is good since I've only tried their appetizers.
A good (cheaper) alternative to Yakitori boys if you want to avoid their crowd.  This place feels like an asian/irish pub.Tazia has awesome happy hour-hours. You'll also think it's awesome if you like a good margarita and fried calamari. The margaritas are well balanced between alcohol and sour mix. I started off with the lychee and pineapple martinis but i felt that they were a bit too strong, but the margaritas went down easy. The fried calamari is really the only small plate worth getting off their happy hour menu. It's asian style with plenty of salt and pepper seasoning with hot red pepper bits with a sweet spicy sauce to dip. The other items are quite small so you can probably get the same thing for cheaper at dim sum.
I went on a Wednesday night around 530 and it wasn't crowded or crazy. perfect for drinks and small apps but i wouldn't really stay for a meal.Over priced meals. I rather go to local Chinese take out place over Tazia. Nothing special about their menu.This place is in a somewhat strange location. It is on the edge of Chinatown. The interior is somewhat weird in places especially when going to the restroom. You have to walk down a long hallway that does not seem to be a part of the restaurant and it feels like you will get mugged along the way.
I have only been here for happy hour a few times which is what I like about this place. There are two happy hours. One in the afternoon and one at night. It is a nice place to come have a few drinks and appetizers with friends.
Some of their appetizers are great. Others should be avoided. I can recommend the summer rolls, calamari, wings, and maybe the chicken roti. These were worth the price and I liked them.
Service is slow. I never had water. The server did not check up on us much. I am not sure if they are understaffed or just inattentive. But if the service was better, I would rate the place higher.Tazia is not a favorite of mine in Chinatown...that being said, when I go to Chinatown I'm looking for authentic food and ambiance...we didn't find much of that at Tazia.
This particular day, we were walking around looking for a cheap happy hour and we found one. This place is like the Applebees of Chinatown. TVs to watch the game and great happy hour specials for food and drinks. 
The food was ok...generic Chinese food that was not that great but not that bad. We had a few drinks and more food than we could eat for about $20. 
If you want a cheap Chinatown experience or just a cheap happy hour, Tazia is your place.Probably one of the worst dining experiences I've had in Philly.  I went there with 3 other people for their New Years Eve dinner and party.  I figured service may be slow, but it was just ridiculous.... and there were only 3 tables that were full!  We finally got our appetizers... and the waitress totally forgot mine.  Plus, she kept forgetting to bring us drinks/waters.  She was at least very nice and apologetic.  Bottom line, though... the food was not worth the wait.
Nonetheless, it came time for the check, and we were charged a gratuity (on a table of 4).  Now, we all understood that this happens on tables of 6+ and also on Prix Fix menus... but only 2 of us ordered from their NYE menu.  The other two got a la carte.  We asked the hostess about it, and she said the menu flat out said gratuity was added.  Well, apparently "Gratuity not included in price" is the same as "An 18% gratuity will be added to all food" because that's all the menu said.  No big deal, but the hostess gave us a HUGE attitude and made comments about "this being the way it's done in Philadelphia" (mind you, we're all from Philly).
Not going back... ever.My bf and I moved into the lofts upstairs from Tazia. We feel so lucky to have this place right downstairs. I cook often, but when i dont, we order and take out or eat in restaurant. Soooooo good!
My faves are the beef salad, chicken curry, summer rolls and crab fried rice.
So yummy, try it, you will lve it!Didn't really sample a lot of food, but the various dishes passed around the table were tasty and presented well.  I had one alcoholic beverage and it was fine (not too watered down). The staff was pleasant and attentive, didn't rush us to order or rush us out of the place.  I'd go again if I were in Philly.My review is solely based on their happy hour. 
Pros
Extensive happy hour menu (food and drinks)
Reasonable prices
They have happy hour twice a day
Convenient location
Cons
None in the few times that I have frequented Tazia.service was terribly slow.  my friend had a groupon and they brought all of us super small portions.  the food was average.  would not reccommend.This place confuses me. It's supposed to be a dim sum/tapas Asian fusion restaurant. What it is in reality is a pseudo sports bar with a half asian menu and half american fare. There is no fusion to speak of. This place really needs to get a makeover and identity check. Overall food is ok, but staff is very nice and friendly.My office goes to Ly Michaels (Tazia) occasionally after work for happy hour. The food is a little too expensive. They call small portions "tapas" and get away with it somehow. I still always get the duck dumplings even though I know what's up.
They always play smooth jazz. Not even thier own, but one of those cable channels that loops three stock images of whoever's playing.
Usually only have three or four beers on draft, but there is usually a winner in the selection.Love this place!!! I mean, the crowd was sorta boring (other than our party.. LOL) and aesthetically, I've seen better.... BUT (and this is a big but), their food was GREAT! I highly recommend sitting at the bar during their happy hour and partaking in their $3 martini menu ... lycheetini was really tasty.. and the FOOD.. YUMMMY!!!! The crabmeat ravioli and the chicken roti made me wanna smack somebody. It was so good that we went to the happy hour from 3:30 to 6:30 and then returned after our concert was over for their 2nd happy hour that starts at 10 pm. YAY for Tazia!Went here with a Groupon and thought the food was somewhat average, I would definitely go back here for a couple of the tapas. 
The service was good. The atmosphere was good. The location was good. Etc. Etc. Etc.
The cheesesteak spring rolls were ok, but I have had much better at Circles in south philly. 
The general tsos was good as comfort food but did not make sense for customary general tsos. It was the squishy, doughy chicken that you would see with sweet/sour chicken, simply with general tsos on it. The chicken did not match the expectations is all. 
PLUS: 
   Chicken Roti was really, really good. An indian style pancake, with chicken curry stew. At $4, this is one of the better portioned tapas I've had anywhere before and the flavor was extremely satisfying: hardy, sweet, novel.Five courses during restaurant week?  I think I will try it.  Slow service, food took a while, so it made those five courses during restaurant week a drag.  I recommend bringing along funny company to keep you entertained through this debauchery.Wonderful surprise ,Have not been here in a while,didnt even know they changed there name. The staff was great and remebered me from  a while ago,  when they where ly michaels .Me and a friend made it there about 5:30 and Mae (Hostess)told us to get the happy hour special before it was over .  We had Cheese Steak Rolls ,Spring Rolls,Crab Ravioli with a roasted red peper sauce. I order too much stuff they were so good i had to get them in my tummy , also had the Chicken Roti seasoned perfect i was upset i was so stuffed .The calamari was great and each item was only $3 as well as 4 types beers amazing. I will be back after work friday the food was so good. I would recommend to anyone who's looking for good quality food at a inexpensive price. I'LL  BE BACK to terminate the chicken roti completely next time. They have made a happy hour friend out of me for sure. Be sure to try the lychee-tini tasty and the drunken pineapple
CheersI was excited about discovering this new restaurant/bar in Chinatown. Its happy hour specials caught my eye and the very next day a Groupon was available for $40 worth of food for $20. I went here twice. The first time was with a friend for the happy hour. While the specials were good- $3, $4, $5 drinks and cheap tapas; the service was terrible. I sat at the bar a good 10-15 minutes before the bartender acknowledged my presence. When she finally did getting second drinks and food orders took just as long. She also gave me the wrong drink. The service was so slow and the bar area was so loud that my friend and I went elsewhere for dinner that day.
A few weeks later my boyfriend and I returned to Tazia to use our Groupon coupon. Although the restaurant had a 3 course dinner for $15 we were told we couldn't order from that menu with the Groupon. The restaurant again was super loud because of the close proximity of the bar to the seating area and the obvious drunkards sitting in the dining area. 
While our Waitress was very nice and efficient this time the food was sub-par. Entrees cost around $15 or more and are not worth the portion size or quality which were small and poor. Save your money and go to your local Chinese spot on the corner.Tazia is one of my go to places in Chinatown when I'm looking for something quick and food.  I won't say I have a picky palate but when I find something I like I stick to it.  At Tazia,  the Golden Pouches, Duck Dumplings, and crab meat salad is a must try. The pouches are stuffed with minced shrimp paste, fryed to a nice golden color and placed ontop of sweet dipping sauce. The crab meat salad is real lump crab meat in generous portions serve with fresh romaine lettuce and fish sauce. At first I was a bit skeptic with salad and fish sauce but once I tried it--genius idea.  Saves the calories from traditional salad dressing so I can order another order of pouches and not feel guilty about it haha. The duck dumplings skin is thin and stuffed with the perfect amount of meat just the way I like it. The sauce is mixed with bits of shiitake mushrooms that I can't help but pick at when I'm done the dumplings. The three items are definitely a must try.  The service is great too!It's too expensive for what it is, the food is tasty little deep fried and otherwise kinda low-tech tapas, and it's a little tacky. But it's a totally unique mix of gritty local flavor and tasty food that's basically a logical impossibility.The drink specials during happy hour are great -- the max amount you'll spend on an individual cocktail is $4 and they were pretty strong. But, the "tapatizers" at $3 a piece were just unsatisfying -- except for the fried calamari, it was all just tiny portions of dim sum. Some of them were interesting, but I'd rather pay more for food that lasts beyond two bites.Tazia is my new go to Chinatown spot.  The late night happy hour, which runs five nights a week (Sun-Thur 10pm-midnight) is a excellent deal.  You'll find a big grin on my face when I visit Tazia.  Slurping down $3 draft beer and $1 oysters and bacon quail egg skewers will bring a smile to your face.  The service isn't the best, and the food isn't either.  But at these prices there's not a reason to complain.  I'll be back soon.  They have flat screen TVs, so you can watch sports.There's pros and cons to this place. I like their happy hour menu of appetizers. and their martinis are pretty good. However I've been there a couple times and sometimes the drinks have been inconsistent, one day I'll have a really good mojito and sangria and another day they taste gross... Also, the customer service is not that great.Though the crowd is always odd, this place is my late night happy hour secret.  Tazia offers both a late night (10pm-12) and early bird happy hour (3:30pm-6:30). 
Drink specials include $3 beers and carafes of sake. A long list of $3 small plate "tapatizers" are the main draw. I'll look over the fact that the word "tapatizer" kinda weirds me out, because the pickins sound pretty good.
$1 skewers and $1 selections from the raw bar can supplement your apps.
The regular menu also has a lot of inexpensive and interesting combinations, but ordering (or better yet, sharing) several "tapatizers" allows you to try so much more.
The crowd favorite was the calamari. Cut like french fries, this pile of crispy breaded squid was addicting.While not nearly as flavorful as what you will find on your plate at Banana Leaf, the chicken roti was satisfying and came with a big cup of chicken curry.The chicken roti and calamari are the two dishes that I most recommend ordering. The two together would make a delicious, although a bit greasy, lunch.
Less successful, but in no way bad are the rest of what I tried:
I wanted more duck taste from the duck dumplings, but I still enjoyed their flavor and that of their shitake sauce.
Though pleasant enough, the 3 small "crispy pouches" are not as good of a value. The pouches are filled with shrimp, but you mostly taste the fried wrapper.
Similarly, it was hard to pick up on the crab flavor in the crab ravioli. The ravioli were also a bit undercooked, but I enjoyed the sauce that topped them.
And as for the raw bar, we were told they ran out of oysters, but miraculously a few appeared. Compared to the dollar oysters available at McCormick's or Oyster House, these are definitely not of the same quality; they were less sweet and fresh tasting. But if you are in the mood for aphrodisiacing it up, they were still tasty enough and perhaps you will get a better batch.
The happy hour is available Sunday through Thursday.  Play around with a few "tapatizers" and the raw bar and remember, they only get more delicious after each sake carafe.love the staff and the new event nights that are starting for example ladies night with contest and prizes through out the nightGreat food!  We went here for a light dinner and were able to get six tapas and two drinks for $45!  The tapas serving sizes were very generous as well, so that we didn't feel like we had to keep ordering. At any other restaurant these plates would have been $8-10, but at Tazia they were $3-7. The only detractor is the ambience, which is fairly boring. The neighborhood is also dead at night, which is too bad. A place like this wouldn't be able to survive many other places with these prices, though!This place is awesome for their happy hours! 3 to 6:30pm and then 10 to midnight on weekdays...living in Chinatown, this is definitely the go-to place for a chill time--catch up with friends or watch a game on their tv. They have awesome selection for happy hour drinks..I usually get the $4 sangria (huge, btw) followed by $3 beer. My friends love the lychee-tini and I personally love their Cosmo! Their food could be better, but for $3 per appetizer plate...I can't complain! Try the chicken roti or the calamari (large portion for the money and not bad!). The skewers are pretty good too. My friends and I are here so often after a long day of school/work or exams and usually every Friday that the servers already know are faves! There's karaoke too, but I save that for yakitori boy next door!Cant beat the happy hour.
4 stars for quality, 1 star for location.
I'll be back for sho.Love this place! The bartenders are extremely hot and friendly. Great atmosphere and turns into a lounge scene at night. All the appetizers on the happy hour menu are  priced reasonably. My personal favorites that i recommend are calamari, cheese steak spring rolls and shrimp pouches. All my visits here were excellent and better than any other place in the area.Worst dining experiance ever!!!! All the fish was super fishy, raw fish was all served warm (not chilled) and calamari was so over cooked it was like trying to chew a thick rubber band!!!
Service wasn't much better.  Servers didn't clear away old plates, and just dumped new plates on the table.  
Huge disappointment, there are many BETTER tapas places in town.  We didn't finish our meal, and ate somewhere else.  We were one of two tables seated on a weeknight (now I know why everyone was at the bar for various liquid nourishment). This is not worth your time.great happy hour .... lychee martinis? cosmos? all for 3$ and they're not stingy with the liquor.. definitely ok with me... their tapas style appetizers are also 3$ at happy hour.. and they're good.. the seats are comfy, the tv's are located in a great spot to watch the game ( well at least where I sat ) and the service was good. the server was on top of everything... a decent placeMy boyfriend and I went the other day  we had some oysters and clams. Not very fresh. My stomach still recovering. Whats up with the quail eggs wrapped in bacon? 
So bad. Wished we went during Happy Hour to save some money cause this place 
was not worth it.  The drinks were weak.
     Go if you must but go during Happy Hour.I dined there in August 2011 with my son...while the service was attentive and the atmosphere was fairly friendly, the food was just ok...nothing to write home about. It is basically a sports bar, but you can't tell from the outside looking in, otherwise I would haven taken my son elsewhere in Chinatown.Uh...so I've heard the happy hour at Tazia is something marvelous. So I went...to Happy Hour...on a Friday...when Happy Hour doesn't actually happen. And that would have been okay except for the following snippets of conversation:
Conversation A
"Would you care for anything to drink?"
"Yes could I please have a sparkling water?"
"We are out of that." 
Conversation B
"Would you care for anything to drink?"
"Yes, could I please have a Yuengling?"
"We are out of that.."
Conversation C
"Have you decided on what you would like to drink?"
"Yes, could I just have a club soda?"
"Sure." (See conversation A)
Conversation D
"...and what would you like to drink?"
"Insert some beer on tap"
"We are out of that."
"Well what do you have?"
"Everything else...except for beers on tap."
...Right. Fun times.The happy hour late night specials are a great deal.  The drinks are tasty.  It is a very low key place.  Getting the attention of the bartender when you need another drink or more food is sometimes tricky.  I would recomend this place if you would like to chill out and are not very worried about great service.In short, best staff in Philly, amazing food, great company, LOVE IT. :)Good food. Okay service. Delicious potstickers, crab fried rice, pouches (appetizer) and maitai drinks. Strangely lacks aesthetic. Bathrooms actually have better murals and design than restaurant.Eh. Calamari is mediocre, though the sauce almost makes up for it. Raw oysters were big and fresh but should have been chilled more and took way too long to come to our table. Edamame was undercooked. They gain some points for having a pretty impressive (and by that, I mean extensive) selection on their Happy Hour tapas/appetizers menu... raw bar is $1/item. 
$3/plate ...worth it for some of the dishes, completely overpriced for others. For example, my friend ordered the Vietnamese rolls and steamed shrimp dumplings and only got 3-4 small pieces. Choose wisely.My boyfriend and I have only really been to the bar for their ridiculously long, frequent, and reasonable happy hour.  Even Sundays?  Excellent.  The bartenders who were there the first time we went were awesome- totally sold us on the place.  They were even vegetarians, and steered me in the right direction for vegetarian bar food!  Their beer selection is pretty decent, and their fruity martini specials are just that- fruity martini specials.  Not so strong, but when you order a lycheetini, you probably can't take too strong of a drink anyway- and they are delicious, and made with care!  There was something for both of us, and we went back a few times- I look forward to going there again soon when I have some time."It is what it is"
That's how I see Tazia. You really can't compare it to other nicer happy hour spots or restaurants. I'm really surprised they're even available for Restaurant Week. Hell if I'd spend that kinda money there when i can go to Amada, Mercato... 
My review is based on their late night happy hour. I appreciate their extensive menu options for food to munch on while drinking! I got spicy tuna, duck dumplins, bf got cheessteak egg rolls I got lycheetini and Hawaiian beer, bf got Blue Moon pumpkin ale
- spicy tuna BAHAHA OK fail. rice is warm.. come on now, at least throw it in a blast chiller for gods sake. Tuna was fine
- duck dumplings -  i would order this again. It's just fine for $3, comes with 4 dumplings, I was pleased
- egg rolls - standard
Blue moon for $3? hells to the yeah. That hawaiian beer isn't my cup of tea. Lycheetini is yummy if you like lychees, but I would say, MAKE IT STRONGER PLS!
Service - meh. Very very meh. " what do you have on draft" -- lady has to look over and name them to me. That would never fly in a corporate or even some downtown establishments. But in Chinatown.. well, you know how infamous Chinese people are for having just FABULOUS AND FRIENDLY SERVICE *sarcasm*
All in all, I wouldn't ever ever make this a destination. We went because it was a throwback, haven't been there in years. But I wouldn't deny my friends if they wanted to go. Thd $3 drafts are sweetI came here for happy hour with a few co-workers after reading about some great experiences from fellow yelpers. Unfortunately I wasn't blown away by this place.
The happy hour specials are great...for example $3.50 for a fruit (pineapple, lychee, etc) martini. But I pretty much got exactly what I paid for and maybe even less...the martini was watered down and I felt like I was drinking lightly flavored juice. 
The service was slow...
Not sure I will be going back anytime soon but I could be persuaded to give it another try. Maybe.Tazia (formally Ly Michael's) is a new Tap pas style eatery with Asian influence and a emphasis on the bar atmoshere. Owners Tammi and Buu decided to revamp their restaurant to a more casual and bar friendly spot. The menu is huge with lots of Tap pas and Asian dishes that can be enjoyed at the bar or while dinning at your table. My favorite items are the Philly Cheese steak spring rolls, all of the Flat breads (Pizza) and the Grilled Salmon. Service is still fast and friendly and the bar is usually full of regulars downing Lychee shots and Irish Car Bombs. Melissa is the bar host and she will make you feel at home. Tazia's plans to install Karaoke in the near future. This spot is so friendly, it's the only bar that I have to hug and kiss my way out of.