Having had a hell of a night the night before, the hubs and I decided to have a gluttonous early night.
We arrived at Teds at about 7 minutes to six...there was already a wait! Not a bad sign, but we figured most of the people were probably going to the theater, and Teds was easy and close.
We waited for about 10 minutes and were escorted to a two person booth AT THE BACK OF THE RESTAURANT. NEXT TO THE BATHROOM. 
Darlings, it's not that I'm always high maintenance or anything, but I loathe the seat next to the bathroom. I don't believe that anyone should have to sit there and that perhaps it is best used for the storage of booster seats or something.
Anyway being the lovable Jewish American Princess that I am, my husband politely went to ask that we be moved...and moved we were! They were very nice about it and after a small mix up, we were seated (sans water and cucumbers) with a lovely waitress and menus. 
While we were waiting to have our order taken, I noticed the understated elegance of the dining room...if you can really call a place that prides itself in it's bison elegant, but it is a nice fill in for the nights when you are a little too poor for Smith & Wollensky. 
We both ordered the wedge and the rib eye. The wedge was perfect, almost as good as the omni parker house in Boston (where they were born) in fact. I pretty much licked my plate. 
Our entrees were a hit. Although the hubs rib eye was a little fatty, mine was perfect and perfectly red inside. The creamed spinach was not as good as Boston Markets (that's my standard when it comes to creamed spinach, ha) and the fries were delicious if not a little bland.
We decided against dessert, but will definitely be back here to try the bison!While not really my style (and having a website which is WAY too complicated, IMHO), Ted's has a pretty good menu.  I was originally turned off by my first two experiences there - first having ordered the Bison Kansas City Strip and deciding I hated Bison and second ordering the Short Ribs and deciding they really just weren't that great.
I later rediscovered Ted's as a great lunch venue for taking out clients - as they make a descent salad and their burgers and sandwiches are pretty good.  I recommend the "Green and Hot" chicken grill (but be ready to eat it with a fork...), but my favorite is the S.O.B... but there again I am a bacon whore.
One note... if you have a group make sure you get a reservation and show up early.
Oh - and if you want to try Bison, I HIGHLY recommend the Bison burgers and stick to beef if you want a steak.  Bison just doesn't marbleize the same way and reminds me a bit too much of goat.First of all, we went in early around 6pm so we did not have any issues with being seated or waiting for the entrée even - just thought I'd start with that as there were many negative reviews underlining the above.  The onion rings and the pickled gherkins were delish, so was the cherry coke on ice.  My wife had chicken and she was a bit disappointed, but I had bison and god almighty it was tasty!  Special attention was given to our baby and that's worth mentioning for all young parents out there.Ok, I get the buffalo concept from the tacky buffalo art and bison head mounts throughout the restaurant and must say that I did not eat here as we all met at the bar.   I'm not sure I want to eat here, the feel is like a Fridays with lots of wood paneling, and the bar is only there to sell food, and not a warm and inviting meeting spot.   Maybe the buffalo burger should be tried by all who enter, but first impressions are not that good.Aside from the fact that they have these awesome eco-friendly biodegradable straws, where the heck else are you gonna find bison steak?  And if you're gonna try it, do it right and get a bison steak.  I really don't know how to explain how amazing bison tastes, but I couldn't care less if every cow died of mad cow and foot and mouth disease tomorrow cause there's bison @ Ted's Montana Grill.  I've had angus, kobe, puku, crocodile, ostrich, and who knows what else, but bison is uniquely far more flavorful without the gamey taste.We went for an early dinner. Got great, friendly service. Buffalo Chili was good. Then each had a Buffalo burger... Awesome... Asked for Sweet Potato Fries instead of the regular. Not even on the menu (saw Sweet Potato as an alternate side and thought they meant fried) but they tried to make it anyway - didn't come out great but you have to appreciate that they tried. Will definitely go there again.My boyfriend and I came here during a weekday when it was pretty much EMPTY. I was really excited to try their bison burger. But I didn't even get the chance! We waited 30 min after being seating and didn't even get to place a drink order! What's up with that? We just left... so for now I give Ted's a 1 star rating, for extremely poor service. Hopefully I can say better next time we go, if they decide they want to serve us! Then I can remove this 1 star!Kinda slow service.... and I'm just talking about getting water at the start. I had to stop my waitress to get her to bring water. Having worked in bars I could see her section wasn't busy enough for the delay. After that the food came out quick and it tasted ok.The pickles tasted like salty cucumbers. The cherry lemonade tasted like . . . something. Some sort of fruit-flavored syrup, but not really cherry. If the menu is to be believed, the BBQ chicken salad was full of interesting ingredients, but they were too finely chopped and too smothered in dressing to be discernible. The chili cheese burger had more onion and bun than either chili or cheese.
The grapefruit martini, at least, was well made.My girlfriend and I recently dined at Teds on Saturday evening. It was a kind of a spur of the moment thing. We didn't have reservations so we did have to wait 30mins to get a table, but we still were able to get seated around 7pm. Not too shabby for a Saturday night down near the Ave of the Arts. We were seated at a cozy little booth fitted with the standard come-in-handy coat hooks, a nice touch if you ask me. The only downside to the smaller side booth was the lighting. We felt kinda like we were being interrogated. A fresh sliced picked as a pre-order app was a bit different, but since I am a pickle lover it got high marks with me. We started with the onion rings which were decent and delivered promptly, but I've yet to find ones that I'd drool over. Next came the salad, my gf had the house with a basil vinaigrette, I had the caesar.  She loved her salad, especially the dressing. The caesar wasn't impressive at all. The lettuce was more iceberg than romaine, and the dressing I didn't like at all. Next came the bison burgers. She had the C.O.B.(cheddar,onions,bacon), I had the S.O.B.(swiss) both on the oat wheat bun. When i say the burgers were huge, I mean it.  Tasty they were, but next time ill skip the health and go with the kaiser bun, the bottom bun got a little soggy. Fries were some of the tastiest I've had, and I also added a side of green beans so I didn't feel like a total fatty. We were stuffed after the meal, but did decide to add some "scratch" cookies to go. They were phenomenal, and well worth the $2 price tag. As I write this review I'm still recovering from the food coma Ted's gave me. Overall, Ted's has a nice look and feel about it, and were definitely going back.The Buffalo Chili is really good and I liked the atmosphere of the restaurant, plus the entire staff is super friendly! I would go back!I had the burger (bison) and beer (stella) special for $11.99. The burger was quite good, and so were the fries. The companion had the chicken fried chicken blue plate monday special, which was really tender, though perhaps a bit overbreaded (but i guess that's the point) and the gravy was not so tasty, though the garlic mash potatoes were.
Our waiter was a bit out of it (i had to repeat my order 3 times before he got it), and he kept forgetting which table to go to, but he was friendly, as were all the other staff we interacted with. I have to say, the restaurant itself was a bit unappealing. I felt like we were in LA Union Station, without the mission architecture or tile work. It felt like a big, cold train station with tables and booths (which, because of their size, seem a bit infantilizing to me) along the way. Kudos to their enviro aesthetic. The paper straw was nice, but the the gritty hand soap could be a foam pump instead.I've eaten at so many steak places. This place's food was way sub par. First off, it has an identity crisis. The interior is half way between square dancin' in a barn and Morton's. Are you mom's home cooking or dad's night out with his colleagues? The only thing I liked on the menu was the apple crisp. Unfortunately I couldn't take it home as I fell onto the train tracks on the high speedline.You guys are trippin because I love Ted's. It can be pricey and I felt a little awkwardly underdressed my first time in BUT. They have this lunch/dinner menus for 13 (lunch) or 16 (dinner) dollars you get an appetizer, entree, and dessert! The burger is HUGE, the french fries AMAZING, and the cookies goooooey. Just the way I like my food. The pickles as a table thing was a bit weird but they tasted fresh so I guess not? I found the service to be decent on my trips. Both with takeout and sitting down. It's always been empty when I've been there but I have strange hours with school. Anyways, ask for the "other" menu with the 13/16 dollar deals and you are set my friend.I love the booths with the individual hooks on the walls so you can hang your jacket!!  Because of the ambiance/decor I gave it an extra star.
Someone was raving about the burgers here.  And here I am.  It is alright.
Service was not at all good.  The hostess seemed irritated.  When we got seated it took a while before they noticed that we were there.  The guy who was serving us never did check on us to see if the food was to our satisfaction or if we needed anything.  Water glasses were empty waiting to be filled.
This is my second time here and to if I can recall correctly the service the last time was not the best either.  Why did I even bother coming here twice?  So-so food and bad service...can make the whole dining experience go downhill...*sigh*
It's just a trendy place for families.  I think I would rather go to Denny's where I expect a little attitude with my meal.I'm a fan of Ted's. The bison burgers are really delicious and not necessarily easy to find anywhere else. I can't  come here without ordering the onion rings. One time the service was really bad, but because the food was so good we gave it another chance. The next time the service was much better (I would recommend going when it's not busy).The hostess was very friendly.  That was the high point.
First, contrary to folk rumor, Ted Nugent is not the owner.  I'm told it is actually Ted Turner who is inferior to Ted Nugent as a lyricist and singer....and possibly also as a chain restaurant robber baron.
All rambling aside, the food was OK and the service was cordial but slooooooow.  Bring a camelback if you relish hydration; you will have exactly one opportunity to order a drink.  Make it count!
I ordered a chicken cordon bleu sandwich in keeping with the rich French culinary tradition of the Montanic people.  The chicken, cheese, and ham were tasty.  However the bun was coated with an ambiguous oil.  While this did make swallowing easier, it rendered the sandwich too slippery to handle with anything but a knife and fork.
A friend ordered the pot roast which I tried and found to be tender but a bit bland.  I also sampled a few bison dishes: pretty good!  
Verdict: unless you have some vendetta against bison save the trip to Ted's for when they have one of these tucked in between the Macaroni Grill and the Olive Garden (I'd give it 6 to 12 months).  You can do better in downtown Philly.Bullet review :)
- Salad was just a glob of lettuce on the plate. Nothing was done - not even lumping the salad to the middle of the plate - to make it presentable.
- Pork had no flavor
- Plating / Presentation was non existent
- Desert was way to big (and also plated so incredibly poorly)
The whole thing felt like eating at a Denny's where the staff had checked out for the day. Actually, I've had many better meals at Denny's
....went here because of a restaurant.com certificate. Now i see why they signed up for that program..I've been to Ted's several times now with my family and I am always impressed with the food.  
Between my wife and  we've tried almost everything and I must say, there have been no misfires and every entreee is great.  The deserts are also fantastic.  As it's one of the few places where my finicky 5 y.o. will eat his entire plate and that's a big plus.
(The key lime is incrdible)
The service is always pleasant and I would recommend it without hesitation.  Recommend reservations depending on time.The bison burger tastes pretty much like a beef burger. However, it's suppose to be much healthier for you, which is maybe why we're paying double the price of a normal burger? It's not for everyone though, because there's this aftertaste, that will remind you (long after you're done with the burger) that you just ate BISON, and not beef. 
Atmosphere is pretty decent for business, although with the prices, you'll definitely see a mix of different people. Nothing stands out about the wait staff (they bring you your order, check on if everything's ok, and you don't really see them otherwise).
This isn't really a place I would come back to, especially now that I know Ted Turner owns it (Thanks Dave H.).I came here on a Wednesday night with three friends for dinner. We were seated right away and the place looked a bit empty, hollow, and quiet. I've passed by here almost everyday for the past few months and it's usually too dark to really tell if that's the norm or if it ever gets much more lively. Some people have told me it's mostly a spot for old people to hang out but after having dinner here I really like this place and it'll be on my list of favorites in Philly.
There's a lot of seating inside and everything is decorated really well. There's good music playing and it's subtle enough to add ambiance rather than annoyance.The booths are a bit of a tight squeeze but okay in general. That may be too small for some and look like they only fit 2 people to a side, at least that's how the booths in the hallway section are.
The service was really good. Our waitress was quick, attentive, friendly but not in-your-face bubbly and knew when to back off. She was polite and made us feel very welcome and that we were her top priority. Perhaps we were because the rest of the place was almost empty but it was still a nice feeling.
Personally I thought the food was really great. The burgers were very big, juicy and flavorful. All of them are seasoned well and made piping hot. It's hard to find a good restaurant that can cook a burger medium rare or rare but still bring it out super hot. The chef here knew what he was doing though. I'm skipping ahead because the burgers were so great, but we also had bison nachos which were awesome, and dessert that was really good too. I had a root beer float which I haven't had in a long time. I think part of me just wanted to see if they could really make one that I would enjoy as much as I did when I was a kid. They did not disappoint and even brought out the old-school bottle of root beer to go with it.
There are a few, small unattractive qualities about this place but overall their food and service is so great that I'm a fan regardless. I will definitely come back because there are so many other burgers here that I still need to try and they all look and sound amazing. The prices are not that bad considering the kind of place it is and the fact that it's right on Broad/Spruce St. You'd expect much worse.
A little more lighting couldn't hurt.Service: SLOW, absent-minded, but polite? We waited so long for our drinks that I forgot we were eating there. My fiance's chilli was supposed to come before the meal but it came with the meal (that was the only good item out of the whole table i thought).
Food: My blue plate special bison bbq short ribs came luke warm which got sort of slimey as it got cold. I substituted mashed potatos with sweet potato and green beans with roasted asparagus. Those were OK and I can do a better job at home. The prime ribs that my fiance and his dad ordered were "good." We didn't want the dessert.If you just wanna enjoy a custom-made hearty, beefy, buffalo burger, this is the place. I used to work upstairs in the same building and frequented Teds a lot. Each experience was up to par and the price is reasonable. 
One bit of criticism: sometimes change isn't always so good and when they changed their pickles from lightly pickled crispy goodness to i-don't-know what, I was just a tad sad...Food: * 
Ambiance: * * * 
Service: * * 
Cost: * * (more stars means more for your money)
Dress: Casual/Business Casual
I have to say I don't like this place and I even gave it a second AND third chance since I don't believe you can judge a place by just one visit.  I think it was nice to have another big restaurant hit Broad Street and I was excited to know it was another "meat" place and even more excited to hear it was backed by rich Ted Turner. 
Now I know better and Ted Turner didn't put enough money into this place.  Despite have a great location, the food was terrible.  I know 3 people who got food poisoned and I even had a tinge of it as well.  The food is not spectacular and you can get it elsewhere in the city cheaper and better.  Their most unique item is probably that they offer bison, but take it from me, you're better off just going to any of the Midtown diners and grabbing a bison burger at their joints.  It's just as tender and tastes better for much less.  Everything else on their menu is typical American fare that you can find some variation of at any family restaurant chain.  For just a little less, you can get the same at your expectations just a few steps away.
In terms of the place, they do have ample seating from the looks of it, but their service is bad and it seems at times understaffed.  Even if half the place is empty, you might wait 15 minutes for a seat sometimes because they don't have enough waiters.  I like the decor with the giant moose head and pictures, but it's not enough to win me over.  Steaks are sometimes dry or cooked improperly (not what you ordered) so at times you might get what you want, but who wants to play the luck game when it comes to wanting a nice juicy piece of meat?
Service was horrible and maybe it is because they seem understaffed, but I barely got the time of day usually.  The waistaff didn't check up on me and we had to yell to get any service.  I want water when my glass is near empty and if my steak is dry, you better hand me the A-1 sauce.  
I'm not going to lie.  It's only a few bucks above the average of what I'd pay for this type of food and if you are lenient, it's not a bad place to eat.  But for the money and the expectations you go in with for a place with their decor, backing, prices, they should offer more in terms of service and quality.  I don't find this place acceptable at all and don't plan on going back after my 3 visits.
In summary -
PROS - sweet location, boasts bison meat
CONS - service, not good enough for the money, food quality, inconsistent steak performance, get better food elsewhere cheapera typical steakhouse, they do offer bison steaks.  I didnt like it because it is too lean, but it might be tasty to some other folks
However, I highly recommend their breakfast burger, if not the kitchen sink burger.  That piece is an heart attack, a very very tasty heart attack.
I only go back for their burgers.
The End.Ted's is a nice place.  Very warm atomosphere.  Friendly staff.  Good food.  I'm sure that some of you who have a finer palate than I do can tell the difference between beef and bison, but I don't think I can.  I have nothing bad to say about it, but to me it is just another pricey chain restaurant that does an excellent job of maintaining their motif across the chain.   If you have been to one Ted's, then . . . . .Great buffalo burger.  Good story and mission.  Try the bleu cheese burger.  Reasonably priced.You may think because this restaurant has a Broad Street address and is right next door to Ruth Chris that it is $$$$. This place is actually really affordable and I happen to love the food.
The onion rings are thick and the onion doesn't slink out on the first bite.
The hamburgers are awesome and huge. Yes they even offer bison, but I think it tastes the same as cow and cow is easier on the wallet.
The salads are also hearty and huge. You will see lots of suits here during the week for lunch. Everything is really fresh, the prime rib is perfect and basically this is every father's favorite place to go for Father's Day.So the boyfriend and I were walking down Broad talking about the herd of buffalo at Golden Gate Park, when we looked across the street and saw the sign for Ted's Montana Grill superimposed on what we automatically assumed was a buffalo. We took this as a sign (pun intended) to eat here, even after we figured out that it was actually a bison up there, what with all the bison meat options on the menu. 
We started off with Wednesday's soup special, a gumbo served up in minutes flat that tasted even better because I was so hungry. Then we each had a bison burger with a side of fries. Mine had grilled onion and mushroom and was all kinds of juicy awesomeness. 
The paper straws are weird-but-cool, and it's great that their brown paper-look tablecloths are recycled, but does it really need to be printed everywhere? I appreciate the fact that they're eco-friendly and all, but not sure I approve of that rivaling the Western theme. 
One thing that stood out was the excellent service. Even though the place was sort of busy, we were seated within a minute and received our menus right away. Our server seemed genuinely friendly, was very quick with bringing us our drinks, and the burgers came out right as I was polishing off my gumbo. 
Despite the slightly weird vibe, I will definitely be back here next time I'm craving bison which, you know, could happen.When I have friends coming into the city, I like taking them to Ted's. It's just not everyday that you find a place with bison on the menu. 
I usually get the bison burger. I'm not a big red meat eater, but I really do enjoy the bison burger. The meat is nice and lean, and I think they do a great job with the seasoning. It is quite tasty. That said, I did get a burger once or twice that seemed to have some gristly bits. 
I typically get good service at Ted's, and have been on weekday evenings when it can be bit slower and on weekends when the theater crowd is bustling. There have been a few times when I had less than timely service, but it was usually on a crowded Saturday night, which is honestly somewhat expected. 
If not for the novelty of the bison on the menu, I probably wouldn't go out of my way to eat at Ted's. But if it's bison you want, this is definitely the place to go try it out.I've gone to Ted's for what would have been my 3rd time today if it weren't for the wait. The 1st time I don't recall the wait at all and the burger I ordered was pretty good but nothing to write home about. 
The second time I went to bid a former coworker fair well and we were at least 30 minutes late getting back to the office due to how slow the service was in a very empty at the time restaurant. Can't recall what I ordered so must not have been anything to write home about either. 
I'd forgotten all about that moment until I went again today and it took forever to be seated and I'd waited at least 15 minutes to just for my waiter to come greet me and offer me water let alone take my order, and still don't know who the waiter was for my section. When I stood to find out from another waiter in the area, there wasn't anyone in sight so I left. 
I have to be pretty hungry and wanting something close by to try this spot again....unless of course the bill is being picked up by someone else.People who see my reviews know I like simplicity.  Ted's offers me a nice piece of meat and some sides.  Buffalo Filet -medium rare, asparagus, mushrooms and a coke.  Good to G-O!  Only restaurant I have ventured into having buffalo meat and they have convinced me to add it to my choice of meats.The $8 Lunch menu was great. We had the pleasure to try it free however, because we had certificates for that lunch. The waitress was quick and attentive yet not in your face about the food. A very nice leisurely lunch spot. I believe there are certificates to be used there that yields great discounts.I have to say, I was always skeptical of this place.  It's a national chain with its name on a BIG buffalo sign outside and I never really planned on going inside.  Until last night when it was freezing and Ted's was the closest dining option.
The inside is surprisingly formal, with big dark wooden booths and a steakhouse feel.  Although there's steak on the menu, bison (and beef) burgers make up the bulk of the options.  I had the New Mexico bison burger with guacamole, a broiled Anaheim pepper, and Monterey jack --it was delicious!  Something about bison, it's just meatier than beef.  I also swapped out the fries for a based sweet potato-- what a good choice!  It was served with a dab of butter and some cinnamon; I'm planning to make one just like it at home later this week.The menu options for bison burgers here were pretty diverse, which is nice. I had the bison meatloaf, which came with an awesome squash side. A friend had a bison burger, which was very flavorful and worked out well with the toppings that were included. The onion rings really are worth trying if you are the kind of person who likes very meaty onion rings that are moist on the inside and very crunchy on the outside.I came here for a post-Art Museum tour dinner.  As I am still learning restaurants in Center City, I went on the recommendation of the lady that I was with.
It was a Sunday night, so we had to wait about 10 minutes. However, we could wait at the bar and order food and drinks. I found the bar service to be excellent and had a Yeungling pretty quickly.
After waiting 10 minutes, the server found us and had a seated.  
In terms of food, your best bet is to stick with burgers or the chicken sandwiches if you don't want to blow your budget.  They do offer higher priced steaks, but I am a miser...so I stuck with the burgers.
It took a little bit of time to get our waiter to come over, but he was amiable and friendly so I am willing to overlook it.  They served our food in a reasonable amount of time. I found the bison burgers to be pretty tasty.  The onion rings were ok.
Overall, not a bad place to get a burger and beer.Where I go for Bison. Nice consistency whether I am in Denver, Naples, Philadelphia, Alexandria, NYC I can depend on Ted to give me a hearty, solid meal.Yummy bison burgers!
I've been here several times, and never been disappointed. The burgers are great - I try to get bison whenever I can - I especially love the S.O.B and the Cadillac combos....
Service is quick and friendly, noise level is a little high which makes it good for kids and groups.Spent one evening here for dinner and an afternoon for lunch. I really liked it. Sorry to see it went. :(Best burgers in the city. At least, it is in Center City and before the recession really started impacting restaurants. I suspect that some ingredients were changed around at a lot of places, but I've been back ever since the dining business picked up again and they're still great. 
Perfect hamburgers, just juicy and tasty and loose enough to still hold together without biting into any pieces of grizzle. The steaks depend on the day and the cut and whether you go with beef or bison. Some of the cuts go better with bison (curvier cuts), some with beef (straighter cuts). And you can't beat the $6 bison nachos. 
They used to have this really cool organic root beer too, but I guess Philadelphians aren't the right market for that sort of thing. Haven't tried much else on the menu, and you don't need to - although someday I'll probably try a chicken breast. Even the Borax soap they use in the restrooms is really cool - nothing like a good old-fashioned gritty powder to keep your hands clean without inducing bacterial resistance. 
I also love the mix of an old-fashioned "Western" ambiance combined with a touch of eco-consciousness. "Do good, eat right" is their slogan. What a way to be. There's no reason why a bunch of worthless hipsters who have never gotten their hands dirty need to proclaim for themselves a concern for the planet or its fate, on behalf of those of us who don't fear the outdoors.
If you want an amazing hamburger and a pretty damn good steak, go to Ted's.My only experience with this Ted's stemmed from husband's last minute desire to eat some prime rib coupled with not wanting to dress up for and pay $100 a person at a fancy restaurant.  Since Philly has no Outback, it looked like Ted's would suffice.  Wrong.
After waiting 15 minutes to be seated (when only three other tables in the huge restaurant were occupied), we waited another 20 minutes for a waiter (while many whizzed by our table) before I finally got up and hunted one down.  I was in a burger mood, so ordered their steer burger.  Husband excitedly requested medium-rare prime rib.  They were out.  They were also out of rare, medium and medium-well.  This was at 7:00 on a Saturday night!  We should have just left but, deciding to make the best of it, husband ordered strip steak instead.
Long story short: overcooked burger, wet bun, overcooked super-salty steak, absent waiter, wrong check, etc.  We will not go back.  The only thing that saved this from a "1 star" is the fact that it might have been a good place to get reasonably priced prime rib if they had any.I went here for an event, so I can't speak to the regular menu.  We had a buffet of crabcakes, sliders, and chips and guacamole.  It was a pretty eclectic menu, but everything tasted good, and they are some of my favorite foods, so I was pleased.  The guac was very chunky, the crab cakes were full of lump crab meat, not too much filler, and the sliders were juicy and not over-cooked.
The sangria was pretty good too.A friend and I went for dinner last night, and was blown away.  EVERYTHING I had was great!  
We started with cocktails, of course, and the grilled shrimp appetizer.  Usually I do not like shrimp.  My guest ordered the dish I never order shrimp, and rarely eat them.  However, when they arrived at the table the smell was mouth watering, so I had to try one.  Out of the six, I ate four...That's how good they were.  The seasoning was perfect and paired with the bread it was served on they were fantastic.
Ted's is known for their Bison, but I decided to go for the beef fllet.  Normally I shy away from ordering steak out because I am super picky about the way it is cooked, but after the awesome appetizer, I decided to take a chance.  I order my filet rare, and I want it to have a cool, red center.  The middle could almost look reddish-purple, and it would be perfect.  My guest and I also both ordered salads - Caesar for me, house for him.  I loved that the salads were actually chopped...no pieces of lettuce the size of my palm to have to cut (or in some cases just try to shove the whole thing in my mouth...but only at the classy establishments).  
As we were starting our salads, our entrees were brought to the table.  I told the server that the pace was much to fast and we wanted to finish our salads before our entrees were on the table.  Now usually when this happens places will take the food back and leave it under the heat lamp until your ready for it.  Not at Ted's!!!!  The server actually re ordered the food timing it with out pace.  I know this because on the check the food was ordered twice and one set was comp'ed off.  I was shocked.  My filet was a PERFECT rare, and seasoned just right.  My guest also commented on the perfection of his meal.  
I would highly recommend visiting this steak house, which sits doors away from Capitol Grill, Ruth Chris, and the such yet is priced along the lines of Outback.  I will be going to Ted's again, most definitely!
A+Blah.. This place is a heart attack away from a stroke and a gastrointestinal meltdown.  But, this is a true American steakhouse... that doesn't serve baked potatoes before 3pm?!?!?! What is that crap. The pink lemonade had a fly in it.. And the smell is just confusing to the senses... Stay away if you are under 50!Ted Turner will tomahawk chop you for a bad review.  
I went with my friend for an 8 dollar lunch special menu.  I'd have rather spent 8 dollars at Locust Rendezvous for a burger and supported a local business. 
Now my lunch companion isn't the easiest customer to have.  He talks a lot. He asks stupid questions and never shuts the hell up.    It takes a special kind of server to put up with this shit and still be nice to his dining companion.  This server was not special at all.  She was rude to me and my friend.  I apologised a couple of times for him whenever he said something completely stupid and the server just rolled her eyes and grunted.
The food was also nothing special.  I am glad that this is a national chain because calorie counts were on the menu.   I quickly realised I could only eat half of anything here because eating my full plate would be my calorie allowance for the cotdamed day.  So it gets a plus 1 more star for that.I had lunch at Ted's only cause I think Ted Turner is the coolest millionaire ever. Not sure why but I do. I never heard anything about the food so I guess I was curious too. When I went I had the tomato and onion salad and the cedar planked salmon. The salad was good. Tomato's were juicy and the onions were.. well onions..lol..and the dressing that they put on it was really good. The salmon...ehhh..I had better. It tasted like they cooked it with a blow torch cause it tased literally like fire. I dont know how else to decribe it. I've had cedar planked salmon numerous times before and it never tasted like that. The sides were good though. The squash casserole was delicious. I should of just ordered a big bowl of that and called it a day. The waitress we had was nice and the service was good as well.So there are MANY things I appreciate about Ted's Montana Grill.  The first being their paper straws.  Who doesn't appreciate environmentally conscious businesses? I do! I REALLY do! 
I love Ted's onion rings too - breaded, flavored, and seasoned beautifully.  Also not too oily.  
The cool thing about Ted's is that they have a million burger choices - all bison variety.  They have a lot of different combos of toppings, sides, and breads.  The REALLY cool thing is that every burger is available in the vegi burger variety.  Which is awesome for people like me! 
Definitely go here - great food, good service, comfy ambiance.  Don't go here when it's warm out. Go where when it's cold out. It'll make you FEEL warm!Great Steaks! Both the Bison and Beef were excellent. Very cool atmosphere and a very friendly staff that seemed to go out of the way. There was a bit of a snafu with my order though; I got the wrong steak at first, but a new one was quickly brought to the table-- which was WAY under cooked. The manager got involved and personally made my steak the correct way and without hesitation, compted the entire meal. It was good to see a restaurant admit to and correct a mistake, that is why I will be back to Ted's on a regular basis. The apple dessert was excellent also.I wanted to say meh..but I have been here more than once and pretty satisfied both times.
Maybe it reminds me of my childhood and going to Ponderosa:)
 It beats cooking after work and won't break the bank.
 What actually keeps me screaming "Ted's!!" everytime I walk by is the the wafting smell of baked potato you get as you pass the alley!Came here for lunch and ordered the Blue Creek Bison Burger. It's topped with bleu cheese and smoky bacon--yumm! I gotta say--one of the best damn burgers I've ever ate. Big, juicy, just a little messy. 
PS. Get added to their mailing list--they send you free coupons and you get a free ice cream on your birthday!Good service. "Laura" was perfect.
Comfortable booths and a nice atmosphere except for the country music being played. Thank Zeus it was soft enough to ignore. Thankfully I didn't notice the dead bison head on the wall until we were leaving.
One major plus is that there is a very small percentage of snarky young hipster jackasses eating there.
I got a Bison burger and subbed onion rings for the fries. The rings were good. The burger was OK too, but when it comes down to it you're paying $20 for a burger and a side (fries/rings) so it is not cost effective. Even though it is right next to the Kimmel Center we'll go elsewhere before a concert next time.
ps
they have "eggless Caesar salad" on the menu. WTF is that? A Caesar salad is so simple, yet so many places just have to screw it up.  For it to be a Caesar dressing you need egg. End of story. 
pps.
There should be prison terms for people who throw mustard in it.Ever eat a buffalo?
If not, Ted's is the place to lose your bison virginity. They're very patient and they tell you everything they're going to do before they do it. It was good for me.
Ted's is an old school American home cooking restaurant with calico napkins and wood booths with hooks for your jackets. The drinks are powerful and large, the service is cheery,  the crabcakes are fantastic.
OK What you really want to know is how the bison tastes. If beef is dark brown, then bison is light brown. I had a medium rare Kansas City cut and it was great. Now they describe it as higher in protein and lower in fat and a little bet sweeter, but that's if you're really being a bit on the foo foo side. It's steak and it's wonderful, like it's got a little bit of grilled BBQ flavor already baked in. I'm just feeling really Indian thinking, yeah I could live off this. 
I'm going to be back. I'm going to have some more bison. It's just that cool.was a good place for moderately priced, quality food in a nice atmosphere & convenient location-sorry that it they closed the Philadelphia locationWe came here is the first stage of a bachelor party. We were looking for a menu that had a decent range of price options for all attendees, though in the end most of them just saved their money and caught up with them later in the evening.
I was kind of surprised at how empty it was at 7 on a weeknight. Even by the time we were leaving, there were just a few tables occupied, and most of the servers were just chatting in the corner by their station. Despite this our waitress was prompt and friendly throughough the evening. I guess they do most of their business from the weekend and events crowd.
Decor was pretty much what I'd expect out of taking a chain steakhouse and making it upscale. There a couple sections of the restaurant, with a more open seating area in front, rows of booths down one side creating a hallway, and a bar area along the Spruce street side. We were seated in one of the booths, which I found slightly uncomfortable with a high straight back and not much room to breathe between seat and table. The backs of the booth go floor to ceiling, so you do get a bit of privacy, and I imagine if it were  busier it would have cut down on the noise.
We started with chili, which was fantastic, as apparently it's something the chain is known for. The complementary pickles also disappeared quickly. We moved on to the full menu, which has a good range from burgers to higher end cuts. I ended up getting a bison meatloaf that was very tasty, and actually presented the gaminess of the meat surpisingly well. Sides of mashed potatoes and squash provided good balance.
I doubt I'd list this as a good venue for a night on the town, but it would probably be a good choice to take out of town family or friends who are looking for something only moderately adventurous and want to stick to Center City.Ted's Montana Grill has a "traditional" steakhouse interior look, nothing out of the ordinary. We heard Sinatra at one point. This is part of a larger chain of about 100+ (?) locations. It's owned by Ted Turner, yes, THAT Ted Turner.
We came here last week after a happy hour, arriving around 9 PM with a party of 11. Our server (Gary) was efficient, though I believe he failed to refill our waters - service was fine otherwise.
I ordered the Kitchen Sink bison burger, cooked medium ($15), which had quite a few ingredients. I had onion rings on the side - the breading doesn't come right off the onion which is good for folks who like that. The burger tasted fine (bison kind of tastes like beef) but wasn't worth the money when I could have easily walked to Five Guys. Regarding their desserts, some are made in-house while the rest are shipped in.
Can't recommend for the price (and for the fact that it's owned by the same guy who owns CNN), but perhaps I should have tried other dishes.Bison burgers are tasty, even if you have to wait an hour to get yours.
The servers are attentive so don't take it out on them, but I have to wonder what's going on in the kitchen. Do they have to chase down a buffalo for every burger?Ted's is a good place to eat, but I'd really have to be in the mood for it to go again.
I went here with a group, but our reservation was super early for dinner, so it wasn't crowded at all when we were seated. 
I didn't partake of the bison, except for a small bite. I  had the chicken cordon bleu sandwich, which admittedly was delicious. Their unique flavored cokes bring the fun back to soft drinks. The waitress didn't give us glasses with our beers which I found very odd for a nice sit down restaurant,  but I suppose that's of no consequence except for weird people like me. 
No problems with long waits for drinks or food, and the waitress was patient with our group when someone would order a new drink and she'd bring it back only to have someone else order another. 
I agree with another poster about the atmosphere being a little awkward. You walk in and you immediately get the feeling that you're underdressed, but that feeling quickly goes away when you sit down to your paper tablecloth and paper straws. 
Definitely a unique restaurant experience.