My cousin decided to have a group of friends at Tequilas for dinner for his 31st birthday before heading out to a few Center City bars.  Truthfully, I've probably walked past this place dozens of times in Rittenhouse without noticing it.  We had to park a few blocks away because it is Rittenhouse afterall.  
When we entered there were two young women at the hostess stand who looked bored and not exactly welcoming,  but we let them know that we were waiting for my cousin, and we were led inside to a decent bar area.
The style is straight out of Colonial Mexico with nice accents like woodcarvings on the entryways.  We were seated in the back of the restaurant.  Our seats were half-booth and half-chairs.  It was kind of a pain for those of us who were seated eight-across on the booth side.  
We ordered specialty guacamole for some of our appetizers.  The bacon guacamole and a crabmeat guacamole were delicious.    I thought my dinner entrée, Shrimp Wrapped Bacon Stuffed with Cheese, was too much on the salty side.  I was glad that I had ordered a sweet drink called the Coco Loco (coconut infused siembra azul tequila blanco, canton ginger liquor, pineapple juice, sugar cane syrup and fresh lime juice) to balance out my salty dinner.  I also got to try the Short Rib (siembra azul blanco infused with jalapeño, fresh lime juice, and pomegranate molasses).  This drink is really good if you like a spicy cocktail!
The servers were very friendly and attentive even with our large party.  I think the best things about this place were the decor and the servers.  When I come back it will be for the guacamole and the Short Rib cocktail.Amazing food, amazing mixology, attentive (but not too attentive) waitstaff, and a beautiful restaurant. If you want to try some updated versions of classic regional mexican cuisine, then Tequila's is for you. Go on the weekends, when they always have 2 or 3 interesting guacamoles which are made fresh to order.Everything except for the entrees was amazing. The drinks were delicious and creative. The staff was friendly and warm. As soon as I walked into the restaurant, I thought, this place is authentic. Instead of the usual Mexican kitsch that looks like Mexico threw up (Distrito, El Vez, El Rey) the dining room was elegant and understated. It looked like any nice restaurant in Guadalajara, not a "Mexican" restaurant in the US. The staff was jovial. When the staff can tease you for being second-generation immigrant and not a first, I feel like a place is legitimately authentic. However, when our food arrived, it was just ok. Both dishes (Molcajete de Pollo and carne asada with avocado salsa) were bland and unremarkable and lacked any heat. The waiter explained that most of their patrons couldn't handle real Mexican spiciness. I still want to go back to try other dishes but I will be disappointed if all dishes are subdued for a gringo palette.The food was excellent, service was excellent and fast. The guacamole appetizer with peanuts was unique and tasty. I had a special of the day - grilled shrimp with crab meat, It was excellent. I ended the meal with impossible cake - flan over chocolate cake - superb!Great drinks and excellent food!  Outside seating was beautiful for dinner. Service was outstanding!Nice bar, but can be unbearably packed on the weekends.  Their house margaritas really are nothing special (although the jug they come in holds some novelty).  Belly up to the bar and try some of their specialty cocktails/tequila instead.
For dinner, be prepared for what can be super slow service.
Some entrees are amazing, others are ho-hum. And when you're paying $20 for an entree, you should get better than ho-hum... I prefer the food at Lolita's.  
The langostinos (a frequent special) are a unique experience.I was with a  group of 8 for dinner here on Saturday night around 5:30.  It was quiet, but i assume it's because we had early dinner.  The service, atmosphere, food, and drinks were excellent.  I had a shrimp dish and shared empanadas with a friend.  I had a champagne margarita, which was great!  I loved the way the restaurant was decorated-architecture, murals, etc. were beautiful.  I would love to go back here again with my husband for a date night.  I thought the prices were a bit expensive, but the food was great, so no complaints.   Highly recommend!Made a last minute 7:30 reservation on a Friday night.  The place was crowded, but it's surprisingly big, with three different rooms.  First, the margaritas were excellent--my fiance and I had three each.  I hear they do a great sangria too.  The made to order guac was amazing.  We got traditional, but they had a a spicier version and an apple/lobster variety too.  The waiter said they switch it up regularly.  The rice and beans here are classically awesome, chicken and steak meals cooked to perfection, and the churros we had for dessert were out of this world (with chocolate, fresh strawberry puree, and caramel dipping sauces).  The service was great, and overall I'd recommend this place to anyone in the mood for some fancier, high-quality Mexican. BTW, if you're in the mood for a more 'hole-in-the-wall' byob spot, try Las Cal Caxuelas up on Girard.Good service for HH! Sit at the bar, drinks are pretty good the food was "okay" I've had better fundidoFor starters, I would like to say this place is mediocre at best. If any of you out there are looking for great Mexican with a plethora of drink varieties, I would personally choose Distrito or El Vez (both located in Philadelphia) over Los Catrines Tequilas. I say this primarily for 3 reasons. 1) The former two are far more affordable. 2) The former two have much better Mexican cuisine (taste wise). 3) The former two have a much more upbeat environment. If you're looking to class up dinner, then Tequilas is a better option and also if you're willing to delve further into your pockets. The service was okay, but I was a bit astonished when the waiter didn't warn my husband and I about the size and proportions of the food we ordered. That being said, we have enough food left over to feed a small town in Mexico itself. But you be the judge! Happy taco hunting. :)This place is amazing. That's really all there is to it. I went here for a night out with momma and it was a great time! We started off with a tasty picture of margaritas and some chips with guac. The guacamole here is homemade every single day and you can definitely tell! On the weekends, they offer special toppings with it, like crabmeat, etc. 
I love the enchiladas here! The sauce is really the best I've ever had.  But, if you're just passing through, I'd get some fish! SO FRESH. This place is definitely on the pricey side, but it is well worth it. 
The waiters are friendly and very informative. Great atmosphere, no matter what the occasion!Really everything about this place except the price should be 5 stars. The atmosphere is exactly upscale Mexican and perfect for a nice-ish dinner outing. Our service was spectacular in terms of efficiency, friendliness, and entertainment. I can't speak to the drinks as I only had a few drafts, but everyone else seemed to enjoy them enough. The food wasn't the best part, but it was good enough to not detract from a wonderful time.
chipotle quac - yep, about as good as it sounds
Enchiladas Playa - solid, great stuffing, but wife said the tortilla flour was a bit on the thick side for her
Molcajete de Carne - 5/5, comes in this enormous...vessel? I don't even know how to describe it but it's awesome. and definitely enough to share
All in all, a great place to go for an outing, but do expect to spend quite a bit more than your usual Mexican fare.It was a great time and our server was awesome. Just the empanadas needed some flavor, they were bland. But I will definitely go back.Tequilas is my # 1 restaurant.
Excelente authentic Mexican food, nice drinks, and professional waitress .Had pre birthday dinner here. I had the bacon wrapped fried shrimp. I was delish but a little to salty for me. I know what your thinking... What you expect with bacon, cheese deep fried with shrimp... The rice and grilled veggies were well seasoned. My guy had grilled fish and it was knock your socks off yummy. I would go back again and again. The atmosphere was fun and the service was great. When its your birthday, your fed a yummy shot from a hot waiter :) owwwwRead a lot of reviews, and if you're reading this Dk not hesitate. Food is incredible. Ceviche, empanadas, and guac was .  Service was top notch, and highly recommend. Chile relañosThe place looks pretty fancy and is nicely decorated, but it's all an act. Things started off fairly well with some tasty guacamole and chips, but it headed south quickly. 
The entrees (priced between $20-25) were just plain bad - tastier food can be had at Chipotle - or even Qdoba. The chicken in my dish was a far cry from fresh. In fact, it tasted as if someone had microwaved it about 3 times. The incredible salty rice accompanying it didn't help either. My wife ordered a bacon-wrapped shrimp dish. Despite the deliciousness of things wrapped in bacon, this too was rather gross - overly salted and slathered in some cheap white cheese. You'd do better microwaving the Costco version.
Next up - the drinks. We were told of a wonderful IPA on tap - "Fishead IPA". After confirming the pronunciation a few times, I just assumed that it was really "Dogfish head" and ordered one. It wasn't Dogfish Head. And it either came out of a bottle or a very stale keg. And for $7, I was expecting more than a tulip-glass worth - it wasn't that strong.
Figuring I'd try again - I asked what else was on tap. 'Mexican Cider'. Well okay, that sounded interesting. 'So that's a hard cider, right'...'Yes yes'. I ordered one. When it arrived a few minutes later, I quickly realized it was another IPA. Upon pointing this out to the waiter, I was heartily assured that it was indeed Cider and I was probably just unfamiliar with this new type of beverage. Well, anyone who has had a beer and a hard cider would be hard pressed to confuse the two. 
Next time your craving Mexican - try somewhere else. Even better, grab some Chipotle burritos and enjoy them at home with a  few Yuenglings. Or with some Mexican Cider, if you can find any :)I've been to Tequilas twice. The first time was almost 2 years ago, for my one-year anniversary with my then-boyfriend. It was absolutely fabulous. The waitstaff is amazing, they make great suggestions, and are more than willing to explain anything on the menu to you (which was necessary because my Spanish was a little rusty). My waiter recommended a "special" tequila drink. I can not tell you what else was in it because I have no idea, but it tasted like it was made of heaven. They also had a guacamole bar that night, and I think we got guacamole with pineapple and crab meat. Guacamole is one of my top 7 favorite foods, so if I'm saying it was awesome, it was AWESOME. For dinner I got some steak thingy and he got a mango fish dish, both fabulous. 
My second visit was just as great, and it was with a larger group of friends. We ended up closing the restaurant but they didn't rush us out or hover over us like some places do when it's getting late. I don't recall the food the second time but everyone loved it.Let me first start by saying the food was not hit or miss. It was plain and simple miss. 
The menu is also very, very descriptive. I wasn't quite sure if I was reading a trashy romance novel or a food menu. Each food item had a paragraph long description talking about the orgasmic (literally) qualities of each menu item.   Quotes such as "...will seduce even the most demanding palate" and "this dish brings out a cry for joy when tasted..." were abundant.  I didn't cry out for joy but I did cry out for more flavor because everything was so bland. 
One redeeming factor was the drink menu which had very strange names such as Wild Passion and Future Traditions but were excellent.Best mex I've had in a long time
The crew went above and beyond 
Would absolutely go backThis is hands down my favorite upscale Mexican restaurant in Philly! I had dinner here a total of three times and I think each time is always better than the last. The atmosphere is very warm and inviting and service is always friendly and not overbearing. It is a large restaurant for the city so it's perfect for large groups. 
The first two times I was here was for Center City Restaurant Week and I ordered off of their pre-fixed menu for $35 for a three course meal. The third time I went was just yesterday and I was pleasantly surprised they were offering a deal for three course meal for $35 also! I don't know if that is offered every Tuesday but I was happy with it. You could order any appetizer, entrée and dessert. It was my birthday so I went for it! 
Drinks- We started with a round (or two) of drinks. I had the Roses margarita and enjoyed every sip. It's a bit on the sweet side though so for my second drink I had the Skinny Margarita which was just tequila mixed with lime juice and a little bit of agave so it's not as sweet. Both were served on the rocks with salt. 
Course 1- For the appetizer I ordered Ceviche and it was so good. The portion was really large and could have seriously been my entire meal. It was perfectly seasoned with cilantro, lime and tomatoes. 
Course 2- The main entrée that I ordered was something I can't pronounce in Spanish so I just referred to it as the 'Hot Lava Chicken Bowl'! It is chunks of chicken swimming in a hot sauce topped with cheese and served with tortillas and a side of refried beans, guacamole and salsa. You are supposed to make tacos with everything and I did that for the first one but then  I just put the check on a plate and ate it alone because it was so flavorful. 
Course 3- There were so many dessert choices but I went with a classic Mexican cake- tres laches. It was creamy and moist just how it should be. The wait staff also surprised me with a 'cocaracha shot' made of tequila, Kahlua and sprit. It was tasty but I was very startled with the waiter came outo f now where and started slamming the glass on the table to make it fizz! Haha it was quite a production and I think they sung the most beautiful rendition of happy birthday/felize cumplianous I have ever heard even though I didn't understand most of it.OMG my dinner was so good! Every time I'm hungry now and trying to figure out what I'm in the mood for, my tongue's memory instantly remembers the flavor bonanza that was Tequilas, and makes me crave mexican. (Please note -- after eating here, Chipotle doesn't satisfy quite as well...)
The place was packed so it was good people watching, and the drink menu was so vast it was almost overwhelming! Of course, despite it's breadth, I wanted the one thing not listed, but the kindly bartender whipped me up a fresh bloody mary anyway. (Please note -- yum!) 
The freshly made chips (still glistening with hot oil), appetizers, drinks, entrees AND dessert were all delicious, and the ONLY reason I'm docking them a star is because we asked for our plentiful left-overs to be boxed up, and when we got home and went to open up the boxes for a Tequila's snack, we saw that our waitress had only boxed up one of the meals. (Note -- #$%*&!?) 
Still, I'm hungry now, and dying to go back. For the future, I'll have to remember to either eat everything on my place so there are no left-overs -- or -- be extra vigilant about the boxing-up process.Tequilas is a bit hit or miss.  
The decor is interesting for an upscale Mexican spot to say the least, and you will either like it or hate it.  I didn't enjoy getting seated in the weirdly lit bar area with people bumping into our chairs from time to time.  The chandelier has to go.
As for the service, I found it a bit odd that the waiter wouldn't take an appetizer order and insisted that he takes the meal and appetizers orders together.  That's the first time I've ever heard such a thing.
As for the food, it was decent overall... but pricey.  My friend had the grouper and the wife had the cochinita pibil and those were the highlight dishes in my mind.  The bacon guac was excellent too.  I ordered bacon wrapped shrimp with rice for my meal.  The shrimp just came out way too salty for my liking.  
As for the drinks, they were pretty strong and tasty.  I would say this is an area where they shine.
I'd probably stick with El Vez if I happen to be in that area, but this isn't a bad alternative.Checked this place out instead of going to our usual choice for Mexican, El Vez. We were HIGHLY surprised. We liked everything about this place, from the food and service to the tequila. We will certainly return and this this place a regular stop when we are in the city!Pricey (so I won't be frequenting the place) but WORTH IT. Spent about $35 for a meat entree + dessert split with a friend. 
The chicken mole is delicious. That's mole done right! Better than all the places I've been to before in California. The chicken meat is perfectly cooked and the rice and beans are to die for. Big portions. The enchiladas playa are also great, but I thought the mole was better. The enchiladas were $21 while the chicken mole was $23.
The impossible cake ($8)-- flan + chocolate cake combined-- is AMAZING. The flan doesn't overpower the cake, and the chocolate cake melts in your mouth.
Needless to say, the decor is fabulous. The restaurant is beautiful and would make for a great date place. The service is wonderful! I don't give out too many five stars, but this place deserves it.Always amazing. Lots of margaritas to choose from, the champagne margarita is my favorite so far. The menu is very interesting but everything is delicious, with ingredients I never thought I'd like, like cactus?? The staff is awesome and make dining there an experience. Will definitely be back again and again!I really, really wanted to love this place. Being from the Southwest, I am almost always on a quest for some quality Mexican food, and this spot was the next target. However & unfortunately, I was not so impressed.
I ordered the chicken tortilla soup to start. The soup had all of the right components: tortilla strips, moist chicken, avocado, cheese, and bits of dried chili (chipotle maybe). The problem with the soup was the broth. It tasted almost equivalent to Campbell's tomato soup. No spice whatsoever. It was too tomatoey and not enough chicken broth. 
For my entree I got the Enchiladas Playa. I sort of had the same problem with these in that they were fairly bland without any spice. The crab & shrimp interior was good but the sauce needs a little bit more. 
To be fair the chips and salsa, as well as the queso fundido, were all very good. Perhaps next time I will come for a drink and some nibbles rather than a whole meal.went there for dinner one night when they had a special on a few downtown restaurants. the food was delicious and reasonably priced for the quality we recieved. the waiter offered me an amazing beer and for the life of me i can not remember what it is called, but it was amazing. my date had a margarita and she thoroughly enjoyed it. the only down side is i didnt get to go on another date with her!So rarely have I had the opportunity to sit somewhere quietly crying in my seat because I have consumed a jalepeno so spicy that I can't even ask for water. And it's embarrassing having to do so. I settled for another napkin so I could blow my nose and wipe my tears.
I was pleasantly surprised by the kick I received from the food here. Outside of the spicy element, the carnitas that I got was also delicious. Nicely seasoned rice with flavor, tender beef and delicious guacamole/chicken/beans, this was a perfect way to get my fill without feeling overly full
Service here is fun. I too saw the guy serving drinks off of a tray balanced on his head, but really enjoyed the talkative bartender more. Big props to the place for having great service and good food that actually tastes authentic, if a little pricey.had (many) tequila drinks here.  AMAZING CONCOCTIONS.  all the bartenders are awesome, but Vinnie is my favorite.  he is truly The Tequila Whisperer-- tell him what ingredients you typically like & he will make the perfect (off menu) drink for you.  the guac was super delish, but also I was extremely tipsy so perhaps not the best judge.  the ambiance is really nice.  zero vegan options for dinner, but worth a stop for drinks.I used to dine at this restaurant regularly with  friend. We haven't been there in over a year due to illness. We went this past Wednesday evening. We had a reservation. I asked if my friend arrived. There was a young kid at the hostess desk. He told me she had not arrived and i could have a seat at the bar. i said I do not want to sit at the bar can i be seated at our table? He said no he couldn't do that. So i was waiting for a good 10 minutes. The hostess came back and asked who I was waiting for. My friend had been there seated at a table the entire time. How rude! They were complete idiots in my opinion. I was furious. They would not seat me but had already seated her. Then the service was awful. The waiter never came back to check. No one came to refill our water. We can not drink alcohol due to medical conditions. Then after we finished our dinner he took forever to come back and ask us about dessert. I will never go there again. The whole experience was dreadful. Very ignorant staff. The food was very good I must say, but not worth the aggravation of dealing with a rude staff. I will dine elsewhere.This is a great bar and restaurant. The opening hours on Yelp are not accurate because is says it isn't open till 5pm on Sunday - but it was open before that for drinks. The atmosphere was fantastic - granted it was Cinco De Mayo - but nevertheless, the margaritas were delish. The mojito - with basil and tequila instead of mint and rum - was devine. A fabulous venue after a day of traipsing around Philly!!!Authentic and delicious Mexican food. Probably the best in the region. A classy place for dinner.They have the most excellent range and variety of margaritas. Delicious food. Friendly bar staff.Superb Mexican food, great sidwalk dining, good wine list & excellent professional service.Ceviche is well worth ordering, Mole Poblano is sublime & weird as it may sound the Rose Petal Margherita is really really good!Visited this restaurant when it happened to be Restaurant Week and decided to order off their special menu. I ordered the fish and my friends got the "surf and turf". We shared appetizers--ceviche and sopas. My friend ordered chapulines, which he purposefully lied and told me it was beef...I guess they were good but I was tainted by what it was I actually ate. All of our entrees were superb and we indulged in Dulce De Leche for dessert. 
The service was fantastic and although they were busier than a normal mid-week night, they were very attentive and fun to talk with. 
We ended up coming back later in Restaurant Week so we could try other entrees and I had the "surf and turf"...the beef was perfectly prepared and so tender. For dessert, they had a chocolate Dulce De Leche that my friend ate and I had "The Impossible Cake," a flan and chocolate cake with caramel sauce. Both desserts were delicious, although I think that I preferred the normal Dulce De Leche from the previous visit. 
All around, excellent restaurant with genuine service--they even remembered us from earlier in the week. I will definitely be back the next time I'm in Philly and highly recommend Tequilas!My boyfriend and I went here for his 21st birthday dinner and it was so good! It's a very upscale place, a little on the expensive side, but definitely worth it. The Shirley Temple drink I ordered was amazing and our waitress was very helpful and knowledgeable about the menu.Came to Tequila's on a RAINY Saturday night. 
Loved to atmosphere, and energy. 
We started with their traditional Margs, and guac...both were near perfect. 
The salsa verde and pico de gallo that came with the chips was a nice touch. 
I got The Pescado al Mango; which was a grilled fish of the day, butterflied, with guacamole on the inside and a ginger mango sauce over the top. It also came with a sweet potato puree and arroz verde. 
Beautiful presentation, and everything was AMAZING. 
My new favorite mexican restaurant in Philly.I have been to Tequilas twice and i loved it both times.  The atmosphere is great for dinner with friends.  I love the decor inside, especially the oversized candles!.  I love chips and salsa and the guac is awesome!.  All the food tastes fresh but im not a big fan of the refined black beans that they squeeze into a design. It has a strange texture and the exterior is hard to the touchMy absolute favorite Mexican restaurant in all of Philadelphia, maybe even New York City.  Come here for brunch, lunch, or dinner - either way you'll be treated to a Mexican feast complete with some tasty, original margaritas!  To boot, they have a superb tequila collection to choose from and it's definitely worth a curious shot to try some of the recommended and rare reposados and anejos.  
Looking more like a collection of short stories, the menu is a headache to mull over when deciding on what to order - each dish comes with its own colorful story and an ornately detailed explanation of its contents.  Tedious, yes, but interesting reads nonetheless.  The following are tried and true phenomenal dishes:
- Carne Asada a La Tampiquena
- Medallion Chipotle 
- Carne A La Trenza
- Queso Fundido 
- GuacamoleTequilas was amazing! My husband and I went on a double date here last night and found everything to be wonderful! I can't think of any complaint to have for our evening! Everything from the guacamole bar, to the food, to the drinks and service were just top notch. I've never been at a table where no one feels they need to open their menus; the specials were too good to pass up. Our server even took the time to teach me how they balance glasses on three fingers (a task was hard enough to do sitting down, I wasn't brace enough to try it standing up in Pumps). 
We will definitely be back!My boyfriend and I had a theory that "high-end" Mexican food would never be worth the premium you'd pay for it.  I've had delicious Mexican food at some of the most renowned places in the country (NYC, San Diego, Arizona...), and generally the cheaper it was the better it tasted.
I'm happy to report that Tequilas in Philly has bucked the trend.  Their cocktails are incredible, served with flair and a smile, and will get you crunk faster than you can say "Ole!"  The food is exquisite.  Guac is delicious, the queso fundido is actually cheese (not some sort of cheese-like dip) with chorizo and jalapenos, and the entrees are AMAZING. The seafood enchiladas are delightful.  
They had a special fish on the menu that my friend ordered that was even better--I think it was trout (don't quote me on that), breaded, and lightly fried and layered with guacamole.  It was served with a sweet potato mash that was delicious--reminiscent of, but not quite exactly like, whipped sweet potatoes that my mom makes.
They have a very long tequila list too, so if you're a connoisseur, you'll probably find something you like. 
Seriously, if you have $30 to spare ($50 if you want a few cocktails) make the trip. It's 
worth it.Start off by saying i just went here for drinks...so i can't speak on the food, but i just wanted to say that the drinks were excellent. i had a a mango drink with ginger liquor, and my fiance had a rum drink with a hint of rose water....both drinks were top rate, and i could have had a bunch more if we weren't meeting friends. The decor was great, what a super sharp place...and the bartender was attentive and super nice without being bothersome....I would suggest Tequilas for happy hour, or as I did a nice place to meet someone before heading out for the evening...drinks are on the pricey side but soo good you won't mind.The food is very different from the usual Mexican restaurants. Great taste & good service. Lighting could be a little better though.By far one of my favorite Mexican restaurants! The food is extremely fresh and the atmosphere is very trendy. I have eaten here a couple of times and can't wait to go back.I had heard such great things about this place. I was so excited to go, however I was sadly disappointing. The drinks are good and the waiters carrying them like on their head or in interesting ways. The sangria is really good. But the food leaves something to be desired. I even went back a second time to give it another try but it is just so/so. With places like el vez in the area, and this being expensive, I would always chose to go there first. I forget what I had but once time a fish and a second time a chicken dish.I live in California so there are sooo many Mexican restaurants but this is a beautiful place that gives generous portions. Stick with entrees - salad as entree was weak. I am glad my daughter got 3 course for restaurant week. OH!! chips salsa were fantastic. I would go again.Made a reservation for 9 and tequilas told me they were wheelchair accessible. When I arrived, they did have a wheelchair stairway chair lift, but what about the step to get into the front door?! You would think they would have a ramp or something to get past the first step and get into the door first. My friend had a very heavy, motorized wheelchair--not one that you can carry up any stairs. I don't think you can say you are wheelchair accessible and forget to mention that there is still a step to get through. They offered to carry my friend's wheelchair in. Nice gesture, but first off, the powered wheelchair is far too heavy and most importantly, how embarrassing! I was about to throw my hands up and leave until they said they were going to set up a table outside for us. Luckily, it was not scorching out.
Queso Fundido- VERY cheesy. I love cheese, but they basically melted a block of cheese, put some chirizo on it, and gave you little tortillas. While I love cheese, this wasn't a very complex dish.
Guacamole is pretty good. You can tell it is fresh made, but I wish there was more tomatoes, onions, and etc in it. There is a red medium salsa that came with the chips that was awesome! The tortilla chips are delicious, thick, and crunchy.
Molcajete De Pollo- Huge lava rock bowl. Big portion of meat. Came with rice, beans, and and guac. It was delicious! I'm not in love with their refried beans that was squirted out from a pastry bag or something. This same entree comes in beef which was big and delicious as well.
Carne Asada a la Tampiquena- Steak was thin, lean, and amazingly tender. 
Cochinita Pibil- Pork was very juicy and resembled pull pork. Plantains were sweet and well cooked.
The tilapia special was well cooked and seasoned. Portion was not monstrous like most dishes which was nice.
Margaritas were freshing.
I'd have to say that the waiters were excellent. They were attentive and had a sense of humor. They changed out our margarita glasses a few times so we would have fresh ice and salt (we had a pitcher).
Overall, food was pretty good and service was great (except for the beginning with the wheelchair issue). I wish I got to sit inside...maybe next time.Hats off to Tequila's for a memorable meal and experience! This was a refreshing change from the semi-authentic Mexican food that other restaurants offer within walking distance of Tequila's. Manuel, our waiter, made sure that he educated us regarding the menu and specific dishes that he enjoyed the most. He was our best friend by the end of evening he was just that cool and friendly.
The restaurant itself is so elegant. You feel like you are walking into the Latin-Mexican food official palace! Their drinks are artfully crafted and delicious. They offer a variety of Mezcal tequila and the bartenders make sure that they are presented and tasted in a specific way so that you are getting the most out of your tequila taste. Do yourself a favor and order the queso!
5 stars all around for service, food, drinks, and ambiance!Food: nothing to brag about. Especially, given the price range. 
The two types of salsa are mild (pico de gallo) and hot. Decent. The chips are fresh, but on the greasy side.
I ordered the Chile Rellenos (beef & cheese). Again, decent. But, of all the Chile Rellenos I have had in my lifetime, this was one of the least memorable and most pricey.  My friend ordered the Sope de Tortilla and it was not good. The broth had a peculiarly unsavory smell and  taste. 
Drink: The bar was missing key ingredients for the first drink I ordered. So, I went with the "Premium Margarita" and it was a 8 out of 10. My friends were also happy with their drinks.
Service: our server was friendly and attentive.
Ambiance: chic, with dim lighting and tasteful decor. Also, loud and crowded. To be fair it was a Friday night. 
Overall, you are paying for ambiance and location, which are great. The food is not worth the price.We had the best time. The service was excellent, the food was delicious. The chips and salsas are fresh and tasty. I had the bacon wrapped shrimp with rice and veggies. my boyfriend had the flat iron steak with aguacate sauce. I also had the rose margarita and my boyfriend had the "shut up and drink" signature drinks. Fresh rose petals--fresh everything! Well done Catrines!Good food and cocktails, but very overpriced for Mexican food. The mojitos and carne asada were delicious, but in both LA and NYC you can find this meal for under $20. Here it cost over $50. I would not expect a Mexican restaurant in Philly to be so overpriced. Although the food and service were good I could not return at this price point.Nice location - nice setting and ambience. I've been here for lunch and dinner - the service is always excellent and I haven't had a dish that didn't impress me. Even the chips and salsa are top notch. Prices are a pleasant surprise as well, being very reasonable.The most authentic Mexican food I have found in quite sometime for this region. The Margaritas were so good...in fact a little too good but I didn't worry because I was not the driver for the evening. :-)The food and service are amazing. My husband and I stumbled upon this restaurant by accident and has quickly become one of our favorite restaurants!Great happy hour drink specials.  I came for a work dinner, but one of my colleagues had his wife and two kids in tow.  They made an adjustment for our table easily and although they don't have a kids menu they do make kid-type meals (chicken or plain cheese quesadillas, grilled chicken and veggies, etc.)  Service was impeccable and the food was good.  I had the The Molcajete De Carne, which was massive, and should probably be shared.  I had a great time, and the service was great, but there was nothing in particular that made me want to go back.The service I received was outstanding. The wait staff was friendly and knowledgable. I Am giving this place a one star raiting because my wife and I have been sick with SALMONELLA since we ate there. SALMON-FUCKIN-ELLA. The most shocking thing is that neither of is eat meat, which tells me there is a cleanliness problem in the back of house. I would never topically write a negative review, in fact this is my first ever yelp review, but I can't keep this to my self. I would not recommend this place to my worst enemy. I have been sick for
Over a week with no signs of getting better. I went to the hospital after 4 days of not being able to leave my bed and was prescribed medicine. I still feel just as bad even with meds. I've missed several days of work, which I will not be paid for, and I can't sleep. All together this was the most expensive meal I have ever had when you consider the Hundreds of dollars in medical  bills, prescription costs and lost wages.  
Research what salmonella does to your body and if you are ok with it then by all
Means make a reservation.My new favorite Mexican restaurant in Center City.   The service is fast and efficient, and the food was excellent.  Try the cerviche and Surf & Turf.Amazing! My husband and I celebrated our anniversary here recently. Great atmosphere, great drinks, and the food is phenomenal! For drinks, I recommend the Rosa Margarita, it's delicious. For food, try the Queso De Mariscos and the Molcajete de Pollo. You won't be disappointed!The remarkable service is why I'm giving this restaurant 5 stars. Our waiter Emanuel especially made our night a great experience. He was extremely accommodating to make sure we got the dish we were hoping for and was very friendly. The presentation of the food was great and a table next to us even ordered a flaming goose kebab- it looked amazing!We had a good experience here. Service was excellent (we loved our server) and ambience was good. They were able to accommodate our large party quickly and it was appreciated. The food was good too; the main reason for the 4 starts is just that I felt it was overpriced. This is a where you go for upscale Mexican. Not my favorite place and not really somewhere I would return but I appreciated it for what it is.The service was great, food even better, and the margaritas to die for.  A little on the pricey side but worth the money spent.Truly awful food at absurdly high prices. I'm mystified by the positive reviews. I'd normally be reluctant to write such a harsh review but this place earned it. The decor is wonderful and the prices on the menu are high - which suggests quality. Plus, it's just off Rittenhouse Square which is chock full of excellent restaurants. But, OMG, the food is terrible. I love Mexican food but nothing here is authentic or well prepared. I recommend avoiding this place.I say YES!  Make the effort to come to this place if you can.  Fantastic Tequila selection, margaritas are perfect.  The Lava Bowl was full of surprises in a tasty explosion kind of way.  Our servers entertained us all night, dancing bowls, happy energy.  And of course  perfect tequila selection - I favor Correlajo Reposado.  I can't wait to come back!So, positives and negatives:
Positives:  
Decor is nice, very well appointed and nicely done
It is quiet as you get into the inner sanctum of the restaurant
It is upscale but not stuffy
The Margaritas were good, especially as I am not a Margarita fan.  I must say it was refreshing, and did the job of getting me slightly intoxicated while not having an overwhelming taste of tequilla
The Ceviche was good
The guacamole was good
The bad:
The main entrees were bland and did not have much snap or flavor. the shrimp were overcooked, the meat was flavorless, like it was frozen and thawed in water, the rice was red but tasted nothing like it had tomatoes or any chile in it, even though it smelled of tomatoes and peppers. 
The entrees were warm.  That's just a pet peeve of mine.  We were one of maybe 20 people in the restaurant at the time, as my wife and I went for dinner after work.  It was not crowded.  I do not know why the food was warm.  Warm food to me, means it was prepared too far in advance of us being ready.
The Nicolatas in the salad tasted like it came from a can.  It had no texture, was awefully briney, and had no flavor, versus some mild flavor.  and it was  slimy.  Like thick korean Seaweed used in soup, but the seaweed has flavor and some texture.  I remember Cactus as being subtle, but this was just bad. 
The Filet Mignon was not a Filet, it was a poor cut of tenderloin masquerading as a Filet Mignon.  It lacked the flavor or tenderness of a Filet Mignon.
The low star count is due to the quality of food versus price of food ratio being off.   I don't like spending 30 a plate for mediocre mexican food, that is not as good as the lunch truck I can go to and spend 6.00.  The entree was just that unappealing, and we go out to restaurants for the food, not the atmosphere.  There are other places I like to go for that, but I don't expect to find good food at those places.  I do expect good entrees at a formal sitdown resturant.  
Would I go back, yes.  I would go for a drink and appetizers after work with some friends.  I would not see myself going there for a main course sit down type dinner again.   The interior is nice, well done, and a pleasant place I could sit, drink, and have some side dishes.  If it was a Tapas type place with no main course/entrees, I would give it 3 stars.  Again, even with the entrees, the quality to price ratio is off, but I guess the ambience helps to off set that.     They should either change and be a Tapas bar or make better quality main courses.The atmostphere of this place is great for a date. For an upscale mexican place it definitely foots the bill.  Been twice, and LOVE the ceviche every time - the beef dishes are definitely a strong suit, as I would expect.
Had a fish special two nights ago and it was OK, will definitely go back a third time and when I do, I'll stick to something beef related.
Staff is always greta when I go, very attentive and good at helping navigate the rather detailed menu.Known mainly as "Tequila's", this is a place you will never forget, and not soon be forgotten. Originally a very small establishment, Tequila's has moved in recent years to a more sizable place near 16th Street. It may well be the best Mexican restaurant in America. This is high cuisine, with lavish descriptors of each entree that exude the passion and commitment of the owners. Mole Poblano may be defined by the dish baring its name here. Do get a Margarita, but make it a top shelf item; when you are here you are dining at a whole new level. If you are bold, beg, insist even that they make a pot of real mexican coffee for you (this is not a typical Kahlua mixture, and in fact has no alcohol), rather you will find an intense sweetness to the coffee that will cap off a magical night out.
N.B. Very difficult to get in on weekends. Waits can be over an hour during prime dining hours. No reservations taken, but they do have a wait list.Great Food, awful bartenders.
Highly recommend this place, so long as you sit at a table. Bar service is some of the worst in the city.Ughg I really want to give this place 4 stars, and I'm pretty sure if I went again, for any reason, I would do so. Just of couple of details that I can't quite overlook from this past time around.
We went for sips, so we only sampled their featured cocktail margarita, and some apps. The food was fantastic. I LOVE mexican food and really want to try it for dinner. The empanadas were very well done, and the guac was nearly perfect (plus, it was served with plenty of chips, which seems to be a rarity in this city). The margarita was kind of a mixed bag, a couple of us (myself included) liked its sour, non-sugaryness. I thought it was a nice change of pace from the typical sugar overload of many margaritas. It felt like a much classier drink. Some others didn't like it however; one friend went so far as to say the sourness hurt her teeth and stomach. 
The major flaw from this visit was the waiter. He either didn't care at all or isn't particularly suited for this line of work. He got confused by our orders even though everything we ordered was completely right there on the menu, the food was placed in front of the wrong people, and worst of all, he took away my margarita before it was finished! There was a solid ounce or two left that I had full intentions of finishing up, and he went ahead and swooped it away. NOT OK.
Like i said, I really want to go back, and when I do I fully expect to give this place at least 4 starts. Hopefully I just don't get the same waiter.I'm pretty surprised that this place gets such good reviews. It's okay Mexican food and reasonable service. The prices are quite high for what you get and the food isn't as unique as the descriptions in the menu suggest. The ambiance isn't particularly special - it's quite dark in there.The atmosphere of this place gets beyond 5 stars. Amazing art in the entrance space! Very friendly and professional staff. I went for lunch and got the empanadas. Was a little disappointed by the portion size for the price but I do understand it's a delicacy and the flavor was amazing. I would definitely go back when I want to spend more money! The chips and salsa were amazing and the atmosphere inside was very elegant while remaining homey at the same time. Would like to try more to see if I can revise it to 5 stars!I like the HH menu here and the variety of cocktails; my favorite being the Coco Loco. By the way, I bet you've never been to a restaurant where they serve you your cocktails on three fingers or on their head!
I do have to admit that I've had better experiences with their food in the past than my last visit this Friday. Unfortunately they brought my order of beef empanadas over 30 minutes after I ordered it. This prevented me from ordering more food off the HH menu since by the time the empanadas arrived it was already 6:30pm. What made it somewhat worse was that I had to remind them that they forgot. My friend ordered the Queso Fondido and it was presented to her so cold that she genuinely struggled to get the cheese into her tortillas. That said, we didn't voice any complaints, we were there to have a good time.
We were further disappointed however by the attitude of some of the staff. I've actually thought this many times before but it's always been regarding the same two individuals. Is this enough to discourage me from going back? No. I still manage to always enjoy my time as the atmosphere is lively and the drinks come relatively fast.Stuck in Philly for a night alone on business, with no rental car and a hungry belly.  After much searching I decided to walk to Los Catrienes Tequilas ( or just Tequilas on Open Table) as they had a reservation open.  I am so glad I did!
To start, their namesake and I haven't been companions since an incident in the early 90's so I was unable to partake in their wide variety of tequila and their tequila enhanced dishes, but that didn't stop me.  They did have a good wine selection and I settled in quickly with my Argentinian malbec and their menu.
Let me start by saying, they seated me well.  As someone who hates to eat alone and feels self-conscious about it, I really appreciated that they walked me past the bar area, past the more crowded areas...all the way to the back of the restaurant to a small table next to a window with no one seated near by - great touch.
I had a cheesy appetizer with chorizo on top that was perfect not to light, not to heavy.  Their chips and salsa for the table were great, homemade chips with a wonderful pico de gallo as well as a great medium salsa and a pepper plate.
I then had the Carne Enchiladas....lets start with the plating.  Ever go to a mexican type restaurant and get angry when the rice and beans take over your plate?  Well I do...and I didn't have to worry about that here.  A small helping of fabulous black beans (a bit more than 1/4 cup) were in one corner of the plate while a nicely packed section of rice (about 1/2 a cup) hung out in the other.  Front and center were 3 carne asada enchiliadas with a wonderful red sauce gently poured over the top.  Perfect, I could pull the rice in to soak up the sauce when I wanted to...just perfect.
Save room for dessert...I hesitated as few people really make good churros but hold on here...they got it right.  The churros weren't huge, they were a good size, they came still warm, crunchy on the outside and soft on the inside.  It gets better.  They didn't serve them with super sweet dipping sauces, they served it with a caramel sauce (not too sweet), a strawberry jam, and a chocolate sauce more bitter than sweet.
Loved it...now if only it hadn't taken me 30 minutes to get my check..ah well.  The 10 minute walk back to my hotel past lots of other restaurants was just enough to remind me I need to get to Philly more often.Good drinks, good food, a bit pricey. Guacamole is very fresh and there are three different kinds daily.  Huge variety of drinks available.  Bathroom and back dining-room were rather dark.Very good food, great staff, and the tequila flows like wine.This is my favorite classy Mexican spot in the City of Brotherly Love.  The food is out of this world and the waitstaff is prompt and experienced.  It's also versatile - perfect for an intimate evening or a night out with friends.We caught the last night of restaurant week at Tequilas. Reservation for 9:30, we arrived a little early and sat at the very crowded bar (which is ok) I love to see a place with a buzz of excitment. We ordered unique cocktails and they were.... different. We were seated and the service was very nice and professional and seemed very caring.
Chips and salsas plus peppers perfect! Ceviche I never like this, but the ceviche here was delicious! Entrees, I had seafood enchelada and my girl had the fish both were delicious and filling. I am surprised another reviewer said the desserts were like fill ins, I disagree, I had the Impossible cake 1 layer chocolate cake topped with flan,mmmmmmmmmmm. My girl had the chocolate mousse cake. We finished the second half today with our coffee, soooo good.
Restaurant week pricing seemed like a great deal, I glanced at the menu seemed fair enough for Center City prices, and the drinks are reasonable.
We will returnThis place is amazing. I have now been on 2 separate occasions for dinner, once during restaurant week and once for dinner with a group - and neither times was I disappointed.
The restaurant week menu was amazing for the $35 cost- ceviche, steak with shrimp and a dessert- I was able to bring home leftovers, which is not always the case during this special.
The margaritas are fresh and not overly sweetened by using pre mixed sweet n sour mix.
As for non restuarant week, I found the service to be exceptional and the food to be amazing. Very fresh ingredients, cooked to order. Highly recommend!Installation is nice, fancy, happy and attractive.  Drinks are good.  Food is good and plentiful.  Waiters are friendly and helpful.  We were a large party and ordered an array of dishes, all were excellent.  Portions are large, you might like to consider sharing. I definitely recommend it.I usually hate the taste of tequila in any form, but the specialty margarita that I figured I should try was great, and I have a feeling the others on the menu are as well.  I will be back to try more! After ordering a drink at the bar and being seated, out came the chips, salsas, peppers, and guacamole.  These were delicious too-the chips had the perfect crunch and I can't say I've had better.  Everyone at my table then had the tortilla soup as an appetizer, which was again authentic and tasty.  The steaming broth was poured into the fresh bowl of ingredients at the table as well.
I think after that, there isn't too much to offer.  My seafood enchiladas were just decent and the others at my table agreed that the entrees were nothing special.  Then there was the rude waitress-I was in disbelief by the way she treated and spoke to us.  Not sure if the other waitresses are the same, but they seemed to have hired her for her 'cool' (more like bitchy?) look and attitude and not for her work ethic or general helpfulness.  
Overall, definitely go for drinks and appetizers but have your main course somewhere else!