Terakawa Ramen is probably one of the best ramen places I've ever been to. I tried the Tan Tan Ramen with chicken and it was delicious! The noodles were cooked to perfection and the broth was just spicy enough. I also tried some of the Signature Ramen, which was good, but I definitely preferred the Tan Tan. I also ordered a croquet as an appetizer, which was good and cheap, but I probably wouldn't get it again because it was just deep fried potato with a dipping sauce on the side. Regardless, the ramen was amazing and the service was super quick! Within a few minutes of sitting down, the waitress had taken our order and not even five minutes later, our food was served. Word of caution - this place is pretty small and gets very busy. I got there around 5:30 on a Friday night and one of the last seats at the bar. As we were leaving, there were multiple parties waiting in the doorway, but the ramen is well worth the wait!I tend to whine about how some things in New York are just so much better than in PHL, eg. the theatres, the gym classes, the sheer variety of asian desserts, and THE RAMEN. Terakawa is no Totto, but it's solid comfort food for a good price. When I crave ramen in Philly, I'll head there, and I intend to try all the other items on the menu! 
I went for the first time, and ~7pm on a weekday there was barely any wait for 2 seats at the bar. The appetizers are pretty reasonably priced ($5 for 2 pork buns). I ordered the mayu ramen ($10), though the name sounded a little dubious and I was afraid it'd be a less authentic variation of ramen. But nope. It was gooood. It reminds me of black garlic ramen. The broth was thick, creamy and rich without causing that bloated aftertaste. The noodles were perfectly cooked, Hakata-style I believe, thin straight noodles. The pork was a little different from the usual chewy, thin slices of char siu - this was thicker, fattier, and tasted much softer. I liked it, though! It melted in my mouth. I was a little disappointed to only be given half an egg (especially after my failed experiments to recreate ramen eggs at home). 
The other great thing is the fried garlic provided at every table. I probably ate way too much garlic that night. No regrets at all.I've been here a few times. First time was when they first opened and the rest were recently. I had always order their miso ramen and noticed that they had definitely improved over time. Loved the pork buns and the seasoned onigiri was also very tasteful. Overall, satisfied with their friendly food.I love this place.  Signature ramen is my favorite.  Also takoyaki are delicious
I have been getting take out since there is often a long waitI have been to Terakawa around 5-6 times now. The service and food has been consistent and exceedingly exceptional. The miso ramen is an excellent vegetarian option and the broth is so delicious it is my go-to here even though I am not vegetarian. The chicken and pork bun appetizers are really great as well. My boyfriend had the gyudon, curry and beef udon and thought they were all really good. I also think it is affordable and you usually need to wait, but the wait is always quick and the wait staff really moves quickly too. Hostesses and servers are super friendly. It is a smaller place so it can be tight during peak times but is still nice. I would not go here with a group larger than 4 because of the small size, but it is ideal for a single diner or two people. The staff works really well together as well, and it shows.PROS: Great atmosphere, nice decor, good service, large portion.
CONS: Anything sushi-related is the wrong choice. We ordered an onigiri(triangle rice ball) as appetizer, oh boy was that bland without any filling. Noodles were just fine, but kinda pricey. The $14 jumbo-sized yet under-seasoned ramen wasn't worth the money cos it didn't taste better but larger-portioned.Delicious! I usually don't like Asian cuisine but omg this is my second time here and I haven't been disappointed yet! Please try the crispy chicken buns!Terakawa is utterly incredible.  I'm not familiar w other Ramen establishments, but we were so utterly impressed with this place.  The interior is very stylized, clean and warm in a welcoming manner.  The wait staff are friendly and helpful.  The menu is mysterious and fascinating.  
We were very impressed with the presentation of the noodles and more impressed with the flavors and textures.  The prices were right and we walked away feeling great. 
The experience itself was unique, fulfilling and enlightening.  We want more! 
I walked in a Ramen boy,....  Now I'm a Ramen man!A friend mentioned this as one of the best ramen places in Philadelphia so I had to give it a try.  Came in and ordered a large spicy miso ramen ($9) after about a 30 minute wait on a Saturday night at 5pm.  The ramen took a considerable amount of time to make, about 15 minutes, but I'll forgive them since their waitress was super nice and because they were obviously swamped with orders.  But anyways, about the ramen.  
For me, ramen can be broken down into 4 components: broth, meat, noodles, toppings.  The broth was a really rich flavor... almost too rich if that's possible.  It tasted like it had been simmered for half a day if not longer, but maybe it was because of that that it felt like there was a certain freshness missing from it.  Perhaps it would have benefitted from a drizzle of sesame oil or truffle oil on top, to give the broth an extra aromatic oomph and flavor.  As is, it just tasted a bit too overpoweringly of pork and miso.  The meat was absolutely fantastic.  The meat was barely holding together with my chopsticks and even less so when I bit into it.  Had a good amount of fat that further added to its texture.  Flavor was also a bit strong, but overall not too bad since the meat is meant to be paired with the more "bland" items like rice or in this case noodle.  Speaking of noodles, these noodles were all right, nothing really to rave about but definitely adequate for a ramen place.  The toppings similarly were all right and nothing to rave about.  Had some bamboo shoots, bean sprouts, half an egg, and some of that asian black fungus in strips.  A boring composition, which kind of felt like it was thrown together to provide asthetic appeal to the dish.  The egg was well made however, and the bamboo shoots weren't too bad either.  
Overall, pretty decent place I will almost definitely venture to again when I have a craving for ramen, but not a place I'd glowingly recommend as the single ramen culinary experience that my friend had made it seem to be.I just had my first meal at terakawa ramen and it was very good. The cuisine was created with care and the taste was full of flavor.  You can even select the amount of salt and softness of the noodles. 
The price was impressive for the quality of food we ate.  
Pork buns. Must have
Broths are a bring home 
Karage chicken curry was moist and crispy. 
Tea - tasted like hot water.  Don't get the tea. 
The wait staff was attentive and nice. The restaurant is relatively small but cozy. Lines could easily form if there was a small crowd in the mood for some good food.  
Good quality for the money. Will be back again.Best ramen in philly. 
Be prepared to wait if you want a table for 2 or more. You can get a seat quickly if you're willing to sit at the bar. 
The mini curry bowl is a good add on if your hungryLove this place. great ramen, great curry, great gyoza, and most importantly... great service! keep it up, Terakawa!Best ramen ever!!! Noodle is perfectly cooked and soaked in a rich flavorful bone broth. Pork belly melts in your mouth. Add some chili flakes and sesame oil and your taste bud will dance.I travel to Japan a decent amount for business, and am pretty happy to find a decent place that serves not only real ramen, but harder to find dishes like katsudon and japanese curry.  The food itself is good, though not perfect.  The katsudon, for example, was too dry by default, but the second time I tried it, I asked for extra sauce and egg, and that brought it a lot closer to what I was looking for.  I'm was tempted to give this place a 5-star review on the availability of reasonably rare japanese dishes alone.I love the spicy ramen, the miso ramen, and the chicken cutlet curry! Great portion sizes for decent prices!
The workers are pretty friendly. The service is generally pretty fast. 
Sometimes there are long wait times around lunch and dinner time, so come early to avoid the wait! 
There's a $10 card minimum I believe.
5/5!Amazing ramen in Philadelphia! Was craving ramen & decided to try. Lots of people standing outside waiting. Gave our name then went around the corner to Vivi Bubble Tea. Back to Terakawa. Only had to wait a total of 25 minutes. 
Service was fast and super friendly. Open kitchen was fun to see. My son & I shared a mini curry rice bowl and pork buns. I got the Spicy Ramen. Delicious! (FYI-waitress suggested extra napkins as a bib so my white shirt stayed stain-free. Definitely necessary) My son got Tan Tan Ramen. He loved his. Both look leftovers home after asking for an extra egg & noodles. Leftovers were packaged expertly, with broth separated from noodles.
Highly recommend & will definitely go back!2nd and last tine i will come here. The food was good but the service was crappy. We had a large group about 8 then 10 (2 friends who didn't know we were thier joined us)  we order 2 or 3 rounds of appetizers  with drinks for a while since we where all comming different times due to our college classes ending at different times. Where noticed that the kitchen staff kept watching /looking  at us which made us feel uneasy.  The a waitress cane to me asking when were our friends comming because it's about to be dinner time. Sounds harmless right, yet we where the only table they ask that to. It was not like we where thier to long since thier was 3 tables if not more who were still thier. When I told the other waitress I wanted to speak to the Manger she said he was busy and to tell her the problem. Which I did, she apologized for the other waitress and said she should if not say it like that. I won't come here againUnbelievably delicious, and extremely quick. The waitstaff was really sweet. Great place.Finally, a decent ramen place in Philly!  We ordered the Terakawa ramen, seaweed salad, octopus balls, and the pork belly sliders.  The ramen came out delicious. The noodles were the right texture and the broth was very flavorful. Pork was so tender and the hard boiled egg was perfectly cooked. I love the yolk a little runny. The  Seaweed salad is what you expect.  Octopus balls were a bit soggy in the center.  It was full of flavor but I am used to the octopus balls that are served on St. Mark's Place in NYC.  Pork belly sliders were also really good.  The spicy mayo was a bit on the heavy side. The dish can also use a kick if the cucumbers were pickled.  It was a bit one note. It needed a hit of acid.Ramen experience: I have tried 50+ ramen places in New Jersey, Philadelphia, and New York. 
Ordered: 
-Edamame
-Gyoza (fried)
-Terakawa Ramen Special
The edamame is on the saltier side. If you like salty like me, then you will greatly enjoy it!
The gyoza was fried to a perfect crisp. Served with soy sauce as is custom.
Now, the ramen. Nothing in the ramen screams "NOTICE ME." Instead, every aspect of it is subtle perfection.
The noodles are perfectly cooked. The broth is creamy and savory with perfect amounts of salt and oils. The pork slices were incredibly tender and delicious. 
This is exactly as ramen should be. Nothing more, nothing less.Best ramen I've ever had! Fast service, hardworking service crew. Just expect long lines but i go to these place knowing im gonna have the best ramen so i wait whatever it takes. Allow yourself enough time to park and Allow yourself time . Besides that, this is the best ramen i have ever had! Been here more than ten times and my go tos are, tokayaki, pork bun (soft) , tantan ramen .always hit the spot!I don't think I can say "amazing" enough. The food is authentic, delicious, fast and affordable. My stomach literally did cartwheels when I had the takoyaki and the beef buns. Amazing. Amazing. Amazing. 
I got ramen to go and not only did they package is so it tasted just as good as if I was eating it there, they did it SUPER fast. Everything about this place is on point. 
Every restaurant should be like this. Amazing service and atmosphere. I plan on bringing everyone I know who likes Japanese here and probably people who don't just so I can convert them. Amazing.Delicious!!!!! 
My favorite ramen place in Philadelphia for sure. The broth was nice and flavorful. The toppings were everything that I wanted - mushroom, bamboo, radish, egg, and green onion. I really enjoyed the pork. It was fatty and moist. Definitely a must go!Super authentic, super delicious. My girlfriend and I LOVE ramen and Terakawa is always the first choice when we want real good ramen. and our standards when it comes to ramen are high!This is absolutely the BEST ramen I have ever had. Literally, I had ramen in a lot of places, Dallas, Oklahoma, DC, Tokyo... Service was excellent too!! Definitely recommend if you are a ramen lover!!!!This place is good, but not perfect or anything.  The broth is yummy as was their karaage and the texture of their noodles, but of course, it's not the same as having ramen back in Japan. The broth is pork based, making it fatty, but not excessively so(I've been to some ramen places where the broth includes basically solid little chunks of pork fat).
I definitely plan to go back, especially since it's getting colder, and the price I think is correct. I just really wish they also made chahan. Ramen house chahan is always so good.This place is legit!   Some of the best ramen I've had outside of Japan.  The pork bun was on point too.  The service was attentive and the place was very clean, even our table despite having two children under 3 at it.  Our waitress came over every once in awhile to pick up whatever my crazy child had thrown off the table at that moment, so that's an extra star in my book.  Definitely check this place out!The Ramen here was out of this world. It was well-portioned, absolutely delicious, and so warm. It was just what I needed on a cold, snowy day. 
I will say, I was a little disappointed that they don't have fountain drinks and instead only offer canned beverages. It's more expensive for an operation to run like that in the long term. Plus it presents a sustainability issue. 
Also, my good friend was visiting from out of town and unfortunately there was nothing on the menu he could eat that was vegetarian. He ended up ordering the single fish containing dish but by and large, it was not friendly to non-pescatarian vegetarians.Good service! Food tastes as good as it looks! Can get pretty busy, so be mindful of that. Wait is typically short.The ramen here was so good!!!!! We also the gyu don rice bowl and that bowl was freakin huuuge!!! It definitely a perfect appetizer for sharing. The beef and onion were cooked to perfection and to be honest, I would go back just to eat this. I ordered the spicy ramen but it was so spicy I couldn't eat it (my bad). I didn't expect it to be that spicy. So warning: THE SPICY RAMEN IS ACTUALLY REALLLLY SPICY. However, I traded ramen bowls with my boyfriend and he loved it. So if you're a huge fan of spicy food, definitely try it out. The service here was also really good, I don't think there was ever an instance where my water cup was close to empty, they probably came by and refilled my water like 4 times. If you sit at the bar area, they even have purse hooks underneath the table. I loooved that and the fact that they thought of it shows how much they value customer service. I would highly recommend this place!Get the crispy pork buns. But consider yourself informed that it's the bun that comes out crispy, not the pork. I loved the texture of the buttery toasted bun, and the pork was saucy and delicious. It comes with thin slices of tomato, cucumber, and lettuce to add a bit of crunch and freshness. 
The Mayu ramen is just like the traditional tonkotsu ramen, but the porkiness of the broth is covered up with a fragrant leek and garlic oil that creates a dark tint to the broth. The portions are generous and filling. This dish comes with straight ramen noodles, and I found myself eyeing my friend's wavy egg noodles that come with the Kimchi ramen - maybe I'll get those next time. I love that you can select the firmness of the noodles,  saltiness of the broth, and add spiciness to the broth. I wish all ramen restaurants offered this level of customization! 
Definitely check this place out if you're craving ramen near Chinatown! But keep in mind that seating is limited - they open at 11:30 on Sundays and filled up by noon.This is my favorite ramen on the planet!!! Every time we pass near Philly on a vacation or road trip, my husband and I take a detour to hit up this restaurant. Yummy gyoza and delicious ramen. The Tan Tan Ramen (miso and spicy chicken broth) is my favorite.LOVED Terakawa ramen. We noticed the huge line outside Terakawa for dinner and we knew we had to eat there. We were given a 15-20 minute wait time, so we walked around Chinatown and came back in the 15 minute time frame. We were called in and seated right away at the ramen bar. I ordered the spicy ramen, which is a spicy seafood broth with kimchi and my SO ordered the signature Terakawa ramen. He really enjoyed his, as did I. We also ordered the tempura shumai to share. It's not like your traditional Chinese shumai, but nonetheless it was delicious and the sauce that it was drenched in was tasty. Terakawa is cheaply priced and delicious. For two of us we ordered two ramen bowls and shared an appetizer for less than $30!This place was a ramen place that everyone has recommended me in Philadelphia. Honestly, I thought it would just taste similar to any other ramen places and was confused why they had such a long line. (yes there are huge lines during weekend and during dinner time so be aware) However, after trying out the place, wow. I mean wow, it was really good. I always wanted to try the rice dish with chicken katsu and the eggs with some soy sauce and they had it on the menu! it was such a good comfort food and their spicy ramen special had a very good kick to it and the spiciness didn't stay for a long time! Definitely a must try place!I came here yesterday and had the Terakawa ramen (first one on the menu). The meat is tender and the broth tastes okay, but I don't think the ramen is as good or as flavorful as everyone raves. In the past, I've also tried the miso ramen here. I've definitely had better before. Not pictured, the pork curry katsu dish, the curry is pretty average.
It's always busy when I come but the service is quick and friendly enough - some waiters are definitely more helpful than others. We waited quite a few minutes to be seated, many waiters/staff didn't take any notice that we had come in. They took our orders and cleared our table really fast - our party of 5 got in and out pretty quickly.What I had: Terakawa Ramen (or the "signature" ramen)
My baseline: Keika and Komurasaki. Both are recognized as Kumamoto legacies in Japan.
What I thought: The broth was not what I expected from a Kumamoto ramen. It was the lightest and most subtle broth ever. Better to call it Kumamoto-inspired with American adaptations. Cha-shu (roast pork) was acceptable. Noodles were okay - not much impact and default cooking level (you can choose when you order) was too soft. I will do a bari-kata next time.
Kara-age' mini-donburi with curry was good. This is recommended given its price of $2.delicious authentic Japanese Ramen. I've been to Japan and in my opinion it's pretty close to the real thing. this is my first time here and I'll absolutely be backThe chicken karage was hard and in a big chunk, and i am not a big fans of their noodle. A good ramen noodle, you don't have to season it anymore! The Gyoza was a big no no. Ramen boy was way better. I just went to this store once, and never go back again. There are another ramen house that much better than this one.I understand why the line is out the door. I ordered pick-up and got the best steamed chicken buns I've ever had. First time getting tonkotsu, so I have no comparison. It was good though. I will say the ramen had the best noodles so far. I can't wait for another chance to order some ramen. Not sure if I'll get a chance to dine-in, but take out is always a win.They deserve an update... Even if it's one star up.... 
I was here last year, and I was NOT impressed... Decided, heck, let's give it another try. It's just down the block anyways! 
The soup definitely tasted MUCH better. It had FLAVOR!!! Ramen was better in texture, ingredients were great. It didn't seem like they just threw everything in the bowl like my last visit. 
It's still a bit off from my better experiences in NY, but can't really compare to a great city such as the big apple. 
Hopefully they will continue to be better..Ordered Terakawa Ramen. 
It was not so great. Considering that it's a Ramen joint, they really need to improve. 
Their takoyaki is pretty good though.Been craving noodles for eons, and this place delivered right into my mouth.  Got 2 types of ramen, slurped both bowls (im fat) and I am going back again this week as soon as I can get a date.  I sat at the bar and it was easy and casual feeling, and also kind of cool inside.  They are not over the top on atmosphere, but I feel like you could dress up or just wear a t-shirt.  Highly recommended.AWESOME! the ramen is solid, but I am honestly more in love with their udon. Clean, fresh, and delicious. Both the ramen and the udon are full of flavor and come in large portions. Prices range from $8-11 per bowl, which is extremely reasonable. I'll be back here 100%Although it is a ramen restaurant, the curry rice and beef don are both VERY VERY good. Don't miss those gems.This place is incredibly friendly and would give the service 5 stars! BUT My wife's soup was cold and the eggs in our ramen were refrigerated! The pork buns excellent!!   And they filter their water!This place was great.... They will custom a dish to your taste if you request!!!  I had dumplings, and a spicy port raman dish.... every thing was good.. I'm definitely going back...It was good but I feel like just needed more flavor.  We took it to go so not sure if they have different condiments we could have added in if we dined in. We got a chicken ramen and chicken curry.  The curry was real dry. Maybe that's the standard?A local friend took me to this restaurant over the weekend and I cannot wait to go back! Love their pork and chicken buns. And the spicy ramen was amazing! HUGE portions too. The only bad thing is lack of parking but hey what can you expect it's in the middle of Chinatown.Me and the girlfriend went here with great expectations, but still a bit hesitant from the occasional reviewer on here saying they had a bad time. Well it was amazing. Place was clean and modern, staff friendly and the food? Amazing. Pork buns superb, curry chicken was delicious and the star of the show... Mayu Ramen! Deep and rich flavors in the broth and noodles. We couldn't have asked for a better time. We're going back soon!!I LOVE this place!  I've been several times so this review is long coming.  The new crunchy pork buns, which are fried!! are very very good.  My go to is the tan tan with pork.  The broth is very good and the noodles are never overcooked.  Service is always friendly, and you're greeted with a smile and then thanked when you leave.  In short, come here for very good ramen, unpretentious atmosphere, fair prices and good service.Terakaw is bomb. Had the shoyo ramen bowl with chicken. Meat was tender and the broth very flavorful. 10/10 would go again.Really good! Noodles had a great texture and the bowls are very filling. I got the shoyu and pork buns. I've had better buns at other places but the ramen was excellent. We also got lucky and just beat the dinner rush - I felt bad seeing people wait so long for other tables to finish.3.5 stars; not a bad meal, especially when comparing it to other ramen places in the city. BYOB, which is a plus, but not good for larger groups due to lack of seating. 
Their kimchi is legit, which is a big plus for me. They informed me that they get it from hmart. As for the ramen, it's pretty good - but everytime that I have gone, it's been SUPER salty. Will probably return, due to location and relative ramen success, but am going to ask if they can ease up on the high sodium levels in the broth. 
Otherwise, the noodles were cooked well and the service has been mostly friendly.HOW HAVE I NOT WRITTEN A REVIEW BEFORE???? Terakawa is the best ramen place in Philly, even if it is the side of a shoebox. I've had different ramen bowls, rice bowls, and side dishes, all of which are amazing. (If Terakawa is full, you can go around the corner to Naoki, but only as a last resort.)Excellent ramen, reasonable prices. The lady was super nice as well, when we asked to take the leftovers to go, she strained the broth and packed the noodles separately; very pleasant surprise. Very fresh noodles.Had a wonderful first experience at Terakawa on Saturday. I had Tan Tan Ramen and my friend had Takoyaki. It was my first experience with Takoyaki. 
It moves! Definitely fascinating. My friend loved it and my Tan Tan Ramen was absolutely delicious! I had Karaage Chicken as my appetizer. It was decent but I'll probably order something else next time. The spicy mayo was good though. 
There was a line for lunch and the restaurant was packed. To me, this was a good sign. My favorite places in Chinatown usually have a line. I will definitely return soon.Ever since I ate here for the first time about a year ago, I sincerely wish I was eating it at every single meal. I've loved *everything* I've tried. I've taken 3 ramen virgins here and they've all walked away with full bellies, wide smiles, and a new favorite food. The cold bibim noodles, signature bowl, pork buns, miso ramen - all amazing. But the spicy ramen makes me feel things I didn't know food could make me feel. I haven't lived in Japan or traveled through Asia - I just know this shit is delicious.Freakin' solid place.  A place in Chinatown to bring your mother, not just your weird dirty friends.  A place in Chinatown where the tables are clean, the kitchen open, and the servers speak proper English.  A place in Chinatown that could easily be plopped elsewhere in the city and fit in just fine.
Mind you some of the above points could be taken as negatives too.  Sometimes I want to go to Chinatown to be challenged, feel wrong eating somewhere.  Just painting a picture with words here.
Now that we've established that it's nice inside, how was the food?
- Takoyaki - Mixed feelings on these little guys.  You get two skewers with three balls on each.  The balls themselves have a nice enough taste, pretty gooey, few pieces of recognizable octopus in each.  But a few of these pieces were tough.  Like chewing on that floppy part of your ear.  The lobe.  Or what I'd imagine that to be like.  And those fish flakes (of which there were a TON)?  Like the flakes I'd dump in my fish bowl growing up.  For the fish.  Not for the Brian.
- Gyoza - didn't eat one because my girlfriend ordered only these from the start and I didn't want her to starve.  But she liked them I think.
- Tan Tan Ramen - I dug this, although could've stood to add some heat which of course you can do yourself at the table.  Didn't blow me away but was very satisfying, a nice portion for ten bucks.
- Edamame - had never heard of this before, nervous to order initially but really enjoyed.  Little green things with some sort of saltiness on top, not sure exactly what it was but an enjoyable snack for the girlfriend after realizing gyoza alone weren't enough.  Could see this becoming popular.
Mochi - God I love these things.  Could tell they were fresh, much better than the boxed version you buy in Asian supermarkets or Whole Foods.
Go eat here!So I've now traveled to NYC and tried all of their top reviewed spots(totto, ippudo, momofuku)... Terakawa really stands out as my favorite. From the broth to the noodles/egg.. everything is just above what I experienced in NYC. Momofuku came close with their wonderful pork, but left me wanting something more with their broth. I will be traveling to Japan in March and am secretly hoping Terakawa stays my favorite. We shall see!Great restaurant atmosphere, great services, and great dishes. The one started is deducted because the ramen in Terakawa Ramen is not well cooked.
We experienced great services there. Even thought it s a small restaurant, it has sufficient amounts of waiters to guarantee the quality of services. Out waiter did everything very fast, giving water, taking the order, and serving dishes.
All the dishes are good, and prices are very reasonable. We think we could come regularly for a casual dinner.
Two appetizers:
Edamame:
Warm and well seasoned by Japaneses salt. Some places serve cold Edamame, and I love warm one much better.
This is dish quite simple, but it s good to be a starter.
Takoyaki: 
It s potato ball with octopus inside, with Mayonnaise sauce and shaved fish on the top. If you are familiar with Japanese snack, you definitely had this one before. 
You could know it s not freshly cooked, but the flavor is still very good. 
Ramen:
Terakwa Ramen:
I would say the noodle soup is excellent. The entire bowl was greatly flavored by the pork-bone soup. This ramen is the signature noodle in this place, and I dont doubt about it. However, the ramen itself is not quite good. I think it s supposed to cook longer? The noodle was a little bit hard inside, but maybe I will subsidize the ramen by another kind next time.
Shoyu Ramen:
I didnt try this one, but I guess it s very good by witnessing my boyfriend finished the entire bowl.I've been looking so forward to trying this place, but to be honest, I was a bit disappointed. 
We had pork belly buns and the Signature Ramen. Compared to other ramen I've tried, Terakawa just didn't stack up. Everything was perfectly fresh and tasty, but I won't be running back. There just wasn't enough flavor throughout the entire meal.
The restaurant is a tight squeeze and fast paced but they don't rush you and you get good service, even if quickly.
I may try this place again to see if I just had an "off" meal, but I was hoping for more...What a great place.  Excellent service and tasty and authentic ramen.  I search for good ramen whenever I travel.  This place is definitely top notch.  We ordered the black garlic ramen and the spicy ramen, katsudon and also a sushi appertizer.  The portion is huge and every bite is a satisfaction.
The broth of the ramen is rich and deep.  They also give you good portion of noodles and toppings.  The katsudon was outstanding.  Pork was lean and tender.  The seasoning of the rice is just right.
I wish they open one in Maryland!This was one of my favorite bowls of ramen I ever had. I ordered the Miso SPICY and it was delicious. The server was so nice and friendly and I loved seeing how packed the restaurant was. The broth was superb and the pork belly is so tender it melts in your mouth. Go here if you're a true ramen fan because this is the real deal.The best ramen I've had in Philly yet. Almost competes with my favorite spots in NYC and SF, which says a ton.
The place itself is beautiful - much nicer than most Chinatown locations. Their website alone shows how high-end the place is. The service is beyond friendly and helpful, with servers who can answer any questions which is appreciated for newbies (which I'm sure there are many).
My personal favorite is the Tan Tan Ramen ($10), which is a little spicy. The Signature Terakawa is also great ($9). BYO which is another perk. Oh and they take credit cards!Amazed by the quality and their price.
I've tried 50+ different ramen stores along the east coast, this one is definitely the best you can have at this price.
Recommend.A great place to go if you want restaurant quality ramen but you don't want to be the awkward person eating alone. They have a ramen bar that "table for 1"s can sit and not feel awkward about wanting to enjoy a great meal.
The ramen is delicious and the service is quick. The broth was perfect -- flavorful but not heavy. The noodles were cooked well and springy. They had a good amount of meat, too. 
Also, they accept credit cards, which is great for those who run out of cash while in Chinatown.Great TanTan soup!!! Great Flavors!!!! I ordered on the phone and came to pick it up.  Fast service and it was neatly packed and everything was sorted separately.I love their miso ramen. It's always really hot and fresh. Also the small portion is about 8 dollars. Also the service is pretty fast. It tastes like authentic Japanese ramen. The only complaint I have is that it is a very small space.I love this place!! I hope to get back there soon! I got the ramen damn near every day in the summer. It is soooooo good!New York was amazing was when it comes to the ramen scene.  Moving to Philly, one of my first thoughts was to find a good place with quality akin to that of Ippudo in East Village, Totto Ramen, or Chuko in Brooklyn.  Imagine my surprise when I stumbled upon this place, serving quality bowls of ramen on par with that of places in NYC. 
As is tradition with any ramen run, I started with two pork bun appetisers, which is served with a small amount of lettuce and tomato.  Quality is definitely on par with NY places, only far more affordable.  I ordered the Mayu ramen, a Tonkatsu soup base topped with black garlic oil in a manner similar to the Akamaru modern at Ippudo.  The broth had a great balance of a rich consistency and just the right level of flavor.   The slices of pork were far more generous than the places in NYC and the taste was definitely comparable. My one complaint was that the thin straight noodles were slightly undercooked and hard to chew. The price of everything was far more affordable than the places in NYC. I'll definitely be back here for my next ramen run and would highly recommend this place.I came over here three times about last week. Just too good to forget. I have to say it's the BEST ramen I ever had. Try it out u will figure out :)Husband and I just had lunch here. Gyoza - good - nothing special, but yummy. Pork buns - yummy, light and airy. He had shoyu ramen, which was delicious, the noodles, al dente, huge bowl and the pork just melted in your mouth. I had the beef udon (which oddly enough is not on the online menu) and it may have been the best noodle bowl i've ever eaten. the caramelized onions were amazing and the broth was out of this world. the noodles were perfect. we can't WAIT to go back!This place is so freaking good. The service is fast and friendly, but the food is amazing. Get the Tan Tan Ramen with pork. It's so rich and flavorful. The vibe is fast-paced, but still very intimate.  Eat here. Do it now. 
Do you care about your life? If you do, you'll go here right now. Do it.the best japanese style noodle house in Philly. have to try "九州男儿" perfectly mixed noodle with pork and vegs. chicken katsu don is also good. have come here often since 2012. keep it upFantastic! I wish I had this restaurant back in CA and next door to work or home! Delicious ramens and curry plates.Hands down best Ramen in Center City, be prepared to wait a while but it is well worth the wait. This place isn't very large but the food & service makes up for it . If you enjoy Ramen I Highly recommend checking them outIt's pricey ramen, but worth trying at least once. I was out to try something different there, and bin bin ramen and fried shumai satisfied that craving. Bin bin ramen is soupless spicy noodles (I think it's marinated in spicy mayo) and it was flavorful and tasty. Fried shumai is new, I've never heard of it, and seriously tasted great with the sauce that comes with it; I think it's the same sauce as the one in bin bin ramen, but I'm not complaining! I can eat 3 orders of these! Service was quick and our waitress was conscientious. I like how all the seats had little cubbies at the bottom for personal belongings!
There is also a Terakawa Ramen in NYC and I'm not sure if both are owned by the same people, but this one is Philadelphia takes the win.While I haven't extensively explored the ramen shops of Philly, Terakawa ranked right up there with plenty of other places I've really enjoyed.
     I went with the "whopper" bowl each time and it's tasty. Loaded with toppings (that egg is really superb.) I've also had the add-on of the kaarage curry bowl which is an awesome little "side".
     This last go around we also did a kaarage appetizer along with the rice roll. I'd say that the roll was just ok.
     Prices are pretty reasonable for a good ramen shop in a major city. It's not cheap, but you can go, get a big bowl, and you're not breaking the bank.When I first walked in this place, it was busy but really clean. It had little wooden stools for the customers to sit on. Those stools literally have butt cradles for our butts. However, I don't think a bigger person can fit on the stool comfortably just because the size. The servers were really friendly and they attended to us fairly quickly. We ordered a pork buns, takoyaki, spicy ramen, katsudon and terakawa special ramen. 
First I did not know they charge $1 for hot tea. They pork buns were pretty good but different. It came with the tomato and cucumber inside which made the buns tasted really clean and fresh. Takoyaki was average. My spicy ramen was not too impressive. It was simply just a lot of kimchi flavors and over powered the broth and everything else. The noodle was on the harder side. Pretty chewy. The pork had a lot of fat on it as well. The best part for my noodle it's gotta be the egg. It was pretty good. Katsudon was good, nice crispy porkchop with egg sauce on it. I thought they might have over cook the egg sauce cuz it was not runny anymore when we got it. 
Overall the experience was OK. Price was friendly. I will order the pork buns again. Definitely do not recommend the spicy ramen but if you are in the mood for kimchi then go for it. I would not likely to come back but I was happy that I gave it a try.I was really craving some ramen one day, so I looked up ramen shops in Philly. This was what I got. It was okay. The pork buns were definitely subpar compared to what I had in NY. First of all, I was thrown back by the tomato in there. What? And the pork was thin. It was not worth the price. I got the house terakawa ramen. It was somewhat satisfactory. I definitely have been spoiled with good ramen in the past, so this did not meet my standards. I liked that you have the option to order with lesser sodium since I think a lot of ramen is too salty for my taste. I don't know many good ramen places around here, so this did fulfill my craving a bit.Signature ramen is really yummy. Tried the Tan Tan and didn't like it quite as much (think that I'll try "less salty" option for that if I got it again). Definitely recommend to other students!! Staff quickly seats even when there's a linetl;dr - A much needed, delicious alternative to Ramen Bar. Well-priced, lots of options, good service - but most importantly, delicious food. As a ramen lover, I really think this place has outstanding broth and flavor balance.
The turnover in this area is insane, but I'm sure this place is here to stay. The prices range around 11-15 for ramen, with a generous three pieces of meat with the Terakawa Ramen ($11). The broth is very rich, with a deep flavor as well as delicious noodles with a great texture. 
We also tried the side of the chicken curry and the pork bowl. The meats were, by far, the stand outs. They were well-seasoned and amazingly tender, lacking the fat that most ramen places have. Soooo good. The sauce on the pork was delicious without being overly heavy. The curry had a good flavor, with some carrot cut in (I believe) for texture. Definitely not the best curry I've had, but the chicken was up there. 
The place was impressive for just having been open for a few days; the service was fast, the waiters responsive, and the decor modern. The only caveat is that it is cash only as of September 3, but I'm sure the credit card machine will be set up soon. A must go!This was honestly the worst ramen I've had in a restaurant, ever. 
Nearby I've went to both Ramen Bars, the Terakawa location in Chinatown (which I love), and even the old food court Nom Nom Ramen before it closed. I enjoyed all of them more than this ramen. It was not even as good as instant ramen that I've had for less than a dollar. The main reason is because it was so tasteless it was like having noodles in hot water. It looked like it should be good, and I had the exact same order in the Chinatown location and it's one of my favorites (the leek oil ramen), but this was so tasteless that I couldn't justify the calories and stopped eating it a quarter of the way through.
In addition, the service was pretty bad. It was admittedly somewhat busy but I feel that if it's going to be too busy for two servers they should have probably had more servers working at times they knew would be busy. It took us a crazy long time to get water (we had appetizers, and didn't get water until AFTER we got our entrees, the ramen). Then trying to get water refills was almost impossible. I normally give service a pass if the food was good, but the food here was so disappointing the service just felt like salt in the wound.
I would give this place a hard pass.The rice dishes are fine. But the ramen noodle is way too hard. They didn't take their time for it, even we asked for soft noodles. It's definitely not as good as the Terekawa in Chinatown.Best ramen restaurant in West Philadelphia. Still, the Terakawa place in Chinatown is way better.
Cons:
- Ramen broth feel a bit watered-down. It feels about 30% less flavory than the original Terakawa location. 
- They have new staff and they might mess up your order. They messed up mine TWICE.
Pros:
- More spacious and fancier than the original location.
- It improves the ramen scene in the area (University City).
TIP: 
Get the Terakawa ramen, ask to have it with egg noodles. And the Takoyaki as an appetizer is always a good option.Stopped in for some Ramen while on my lunch break and really enjoyed the service and my meal ! For someone like myself who absolutely loves food lol especially ramen this new and upcoming restaurant in University  City is awesome ! Found it to be crowed but wasn't a bad thing at all as I was given a table and didn't have to wait long. The staff are great and very personable with making sure you want for nothing . Very clean inside and the food is just as amazing ! Another gem to make sure you check out if in the area!I can't believe I'm saying this because I try and eat from a diversity of foods, but I've never had Ramen before, except in cups lol. We've just gotten over a heat wave and on a cloudy rainy day the thought of a hot bowl of broth and noodles was more than welcome. After our Fringe Festival show we walked to Terakawa Ramen and noticed that it was almost full but we were able to get a table. By the time we were leaving people were waiting outside. The reason I mention this is because it's definitely worth the wait. 
The people who worked there were very friendly and the service was good and fast. I ordered the veggie Ramen was miso broth. I added some hot oil to spice it up a bit. The table had some nice condiments on it to enhance your dish. The noodles were sooo good and the broth was so tasty. If i'm ever in that area again, this will be a go to restaurant.This was my first time trying Roman end it was absolutely delicious! I got the mushroom Ramen and loved it. The food  came out quickly. I will be back again soon for this flavorful Meal!So nice to have a location that isn't backed up all the time!
The appetizers are on point - pork buns are fantastic, and they have the best chicken karaage (Japanese chicken nuggets) in the city, by far.
So far I've had the spicy ramen and the classic - both are excellent, with slight preference for the spicy. I always prefer the wavy egg noodles, and I love the fact that you can choose any style noodle with any type of ramen.
That being said, they're a bit stingy with the broth - barely enough to cover the ingredients, and by the time you're done with the noodles and toppings, there's hardly any broth left to finish it off...Came here for the first time after they had been open for about a month or two. I was familiar with the Chinatown location and was excited to try a location that was in my neighborhood. The place was crowded, but we managed to score the last table. Service was prompt and courteous and our food came out in a timely manner. We ordered a couple steamed pork buns, seaweed salad and 2 miso ramens. Everything was excellent and perfect for a cold, fall evening. To make things even better, this place is BYOB, so we were able to enjoy a nice bottle of sake with our meal (and no additional corking fee). This place was pretty brightly lit and a little loud and echoey, so maybe not the best place for an intimate date, but we made the best of it and enjoyed ourselves. Highly recommended and will be back!Just as good as the original! Where's the advertising?? I didn't even realize this opened. Any negative review's you see must be one off bad experiences because this is hands down some of the best ramen I've tried (just like the original location).The closest comparison on Penn campus is Ramen Bar, and definitely far better for the cost. I definitely recommended the mayu ramen! It has a dark-speckled broth because of how it's made but I've gotten it almost every time. If you have room, order their takoyaki! Food aside, the place itself makes use of its small quarters and the staff are attentive and quick to serve you even when busy.My experiences at the University City location have been much better than the Chinatown location. For starters, the restaurant itself is much larger and though the tables are still close together, you don't feel nearly as cramped. The service has been friendly and efficient every time I have stopped in for lunch. The ramen is served piping hot, and my favorite has quickly become the Tan Tan. It's a spicy broth with wavy noodles and minced chicken. Affordable lunch option in the area; one filling bowl of ramen is ~$10-12.I was told that it was newly opened.BUT I am quite sure that the ramen restaurant is not run by Japanese, cuz's I can easily understand the staff talking in Cantonese. We've tried the signature bowl ramen and rice with beef. And it is so weired that the rice tastes much better than the signature ramen in the ramen restaurantI feel like it's about time I write a review of this place considering I've been going to Terakawa at least once a month for the past couple of years. Now they opened up this location and it's even closer to me! Service is nice and fast, as to be expected.
Over the years I've tried just about everything here but my usual is the Kyushu Danji bowl. It's huge! I always eat half and take the rest home to have for dinner. The broth is honestly the best I've ever had - it's dark, almost black in color, and intensely savory and garlicky, though I still do add tons of the fried garlic that they leave on the tables. I came in a bit congested today and the flavor managed to transcend my clogged nostrils! The Kyushu Danji (spelling is probably wrong) bowl has 5 pieces of their delicious pork belly slices that are so good I get chills pretty much every time I eat them, along with a lot of veggies like cabbage that allow me to pretend I'm eating healthy. 
As much as I love terakawa, they can be hit or miss sometimes with things such as softness/tenderness of the pork, and the flavor of their traditional tonkatsu ramen broth can be a bit bland sometimes. As long as you know what to order, you'll never be disappointed and probably become a drooling regular like me. 
Add a mini curry rice bowl to your order as a starter, they're amazing!I had spicy ramen, which is good (I had better ramen somewhere else). The price is reasonable and the service is fine. We care in a busy time but they served the food pretty quick.Been here 3 times.  It's pretty close to original but original place tastes better.  Today's tan tan tasted a bit water down.  Their crispy chicken buns are always on point tho so I always get them.  Been promised they'd carry white pepper, or even black pepper, like the China Town own and each time they say next time.  Shame.  The white pepper really is the last zing it needs.  3 star for good effort and closeness to original. Minus 2 star for empty promises.This was my first time trying ramen and honestly not impressed. The place was very nice and the service was good as well, it just lacked flavor. I had to add some chili oil to make it better for my taste.Really good, and quickly prepared ramen. Stopped by here over the weekend for a quick bite before going out in the area and was happily impressed. 
Very quick and polite service, wish awesome food. I had the Miso Ramen, and shared orders of the pork and chicken buns with a friend. Both our ramen bowls were left empty. Would definitely go back when in the area again.Just as high quality as the chinatown location! Excellent food, but it is a bit cramped.Had a quick bite of signature ramen. Meat taste good. Noodle and soup are good, too. Just the veggies are meh :/Short but sweet went to the TR in Unversity City, headed to this one instead of Chinatown because the traffic was too much thanks to the Auto Show. Get there crickets, a few empty tables and seats at the bar. So we sit, very nice and spacious but the food. Nope get the same thing I get from Chinatown made me wonder about the noodles didn't know what they wanted to be some pieces were straight on one end and curly on the other. Also they weren't long. Recycled I'm starting to think so I look at other folks dishes long noodles even my friend had long noodle. Why and egg no comparison to the other one. No wonder it wasn't super packed. Go to the one in Chinatown even if it is not crackhead lines outside its always packed inside nowadays. So no if you want ramen go to Chinatown but on the upside the wait staff were good. Not that friendly and something as minor as that can make a world of difference. Three stars because it looks nice but the food hard pass. So I read the other reviews and should have paid attention and believed. Also I should mention the portions are small, I don't eat a lot and I didn't have any of the leftovers leftover. I regret eating at this TR on many levelsThe ramen was ok but the service was extremely bad. I have been to the Chinatown one and it was pretty good. 
It took the waiter forever to serve the food. We also need to ask again and again for the check. 
If you want to save time, never go to this placeReally good, and quickly prepared ramen. Stopped by here over the weekend for a quick bite before going out in the area and was happily impressed. 
Very quick and polite service, wish awesome food. I had the Miso Ramen, and shared orders of the pork and chicken buns with a friend. Both our ramen bowls were left empty. Would definitely go back when in the area again.First time having ramen was very good, got the signature ramen. Also had the pork and chicken buns, delicious.  Small cozy place that filled up for lunch quickly. Friendly and tentative waiter. Would def come back!!Following a day in the K lot we trekked to Chinatown in search of something to fill our bellies after a liquid lunch. We decided upon Terakawa based on a rec from a coworker. The line was out the door so we knew it must be worth it with the endless options Chinatown has to offer. We sat at the counter and began the visit with a couple of pork steam buns crispy style. The juicy pork blended with the crisp buns and lettuce and tomato accompanying it. Next up we split a couple bowls of ramen - the Terakawa signature and the spicy. The signature had a unique and opaque broth with 3 slices of tender pork and veggies. The spicy lived up to its name as the same tender pork and veggies were in a spicy fish broth. Both bowls were loaded with fresh homemade noodles and hit the spot. We agreed the signature was the way to go as the broth dominated the flavor rather than complimenting the delicious goods in the broth.I would say that this is one of the best ramen places I've eaten at in Philly. There is always a huge wait at the Chinatown location; but this one is great. The service is fast as well. 
I ordered the signature and it had a little bit of everything. Each of the toppings and soup made the ramen taste so good. I also ordered the pork buns and got the buns fried; but should have probably gotten them steamed. The pork belly was amazing and melts in your mouth.
Everyone should come try this place for sure!I'm so glad they opened in University City! The spicy ramen is absolutely delicious. A must try! My friend loved his veggie ramen too. They are very accommodating with food restrictions too!A nice homologue to Chinatown's Terakawa Ramen that is more generous in space, but yields the same quality of food. As per my previous review of the Chinatown Terakawa, the food I tasted here was more or less the same, with the added convenience of being in University City.This is not the first time that I went to Terakawa Ramen I've been to both locations but this is the first time that I got my usual in mayu Ramen, And I wasn't even able to eat it all because there was no flavor whatsoever in the Ramen. If I could give this review 0 star I would've. I hope that the staff members actually read this and fix their mistake.Best Ramen in Philadelphia! The waiters are very nice, they have a lot of patience with the customers that are new to Japanese culture. 
Their food is also traditional, it takes a very long time to be cooked and they bring it to the table very fast. 
We had a very good experience and we'll definitively be back soon.I love coming to Terakawa. It's less than a 10 minute walk from my campus so it is very convenient. The service is always quick despite how busy it seems, which is great. I usually get the Pork Tan Tan Ramen with a Curry Rice Bowl. The flavor is there in anything you get. The Tan Tan has the perfect level of spice, without overdoing it. The workers are very nice and the servings are plentiful. The only downside is it would be hard to find parking but I don't think many people in this area would need it.I was so excited when this place opened up because of all the great things I had heard about their other location. Some of my classmates don't think it's as good as the other location in philly but I thought the food was great! I tried their rice bowls and none have let me down. The only con is that wait time can be very very long for parties of 4+. My friends and I waited almost an hour on a Wednesday afternoon. When I've came with just a party of two we haven't had to wait for more than 10mins, but we always call ahead to make sure the wait time isn't crazy.Some of the tastiest ramen I had, HOWEVER, I don't recommend the Terakawa Ramen at all. My friend ordered it and the noodles weren't as good and the broth was extremely salty. I believe it was probably from the broth condensing it's flavor at the end of the day and they didn't add more water. I had the spicy ramen which was very tasty and the noodles were better as well. The kimchi in it was also very good, I would buy a jar of it. The gyoza was fresh and very good as well, not dry at all. Overall good meal, I just wish the classic wasn't so salty to the point of it being inedible.I took a walk around where I was staying in search of Ramen. Luckily only a few blocks from my hotel was this place. I walked in shortly after 7pm on a Friday night. Sat down almost immediately. 
This place is speedy. By that I mean, as soon as someone is done, it's cleaned and ready. As soon as you're sat, you're helped. I tried their signature dish, Terakawa Ramen (Natural Heritage Berkshire Pork bone soup topped with roast pork (charshu), bamboo shoots, kikurage mushrooms, red ginger, chopped scallions and a seasoned boiled egg).
To be honest it was, ok. Nothing great, but nothing bad. It did its purpose. Filled me up my belly and helped defrost me.I had their Signature Ramen and was not impressed.  It was small in portion and very salty. The meat was okay and the broth too salty to drink. They must use a ton of MSG and I could not stop drinking water for the whole night.  Nevertheless, it was inexpensive and did the job filling me up for the night.I am a big fan of ramen. Have been to japan 3 times and eat ramen once a week in my home country. The ramen here has totally nothing to do with japanese ramen. Just can't taste the pork bone soup and can't choose the stiffiness of the noodles.After eating at the other ramen places around here, I wasn't impressed and didn't get the hype for ramen. But then Terakawa opened and got a lot of praise from people I knew, so I tried it and learned that ramen can indeed be pretty good! It gets quite busy and the service can slow down, but that's just an indicator of the place's popularity. The restaurants in this location have a tendency to close and change around a lot, but I think Terakawa is here to stay!
The strips of pork belly and the egg they put in the soup are definitely the highlights; both are cooked to have such a nice and soft mouthfeel. The flavors of the soups are quite strong and dense, which makes the bowl more filling than it looks. My favorite is the signature tonkotsu flavor, which is deliciously meaty and savory. I've also tried the miso, and it's also good but a bit on the salty side. Maybe the soup would be better with some water to dilute it, but maybe that's just how ramen is and I have to accept it.
I've also tried the katsudon bowl, which was just alright to me. It's a large slab of breaded meat (but too moist to be crispy) served with some egg, a lot of rice, and just a sprinkling of onions. Meat-eaters might like it but I enjoy my meals with more vegetables. The curry dishes do look good though, so I might try those next time. Still, I expect the ramen to be their best items, and I gotta thank Terakawa from turning around my skepticism of ramen!LOVE  this place. Beside the fact that it's ALWAYS packed. The food comes out fast and is very good. The staff is friendly and willing to accommodate. The only bad experience I've had is they're always trying to rush you out of the place. That really bothered me.  The food is a 5 star! Rates a three because of how they push you out and don't let you enjoy your date.Thanks Terakawa, for bringing good ramen back to University City! 
This location is significantly more spacious than the Chinatown Terakawa, even though the menu is identical. The ramen is solid, and I particularly love that you can customize your order - I always opt for less salt (not just here but at most restaurants). Terakawa also lets you choose what type of noodle (thin straight, wavy egg, medium thick, etc) and the degree of texture in your noodle (I prefer more firm so that it is slightly al dente). One thing my friends have noted is that the portions seem to be somewhat smaller at this location in comparison to Chinatown - I'm not fully convinced of that, but it seems possible given the shape of the bowls. Either ways, it feels like a fitting portion for me.
They have modern Asian decor and gives off a pleasant dining ambiance, with different seating options at tables and at the bar. Terakawa also serves good donkatsu, curry, etc as well, so you don't have to only visit for those ramen cravings. 
All in all, an improvement to prior establishments at that location for sure.Tasty Japanese ramen! Reading through the reviews, it really came down to this place or the Ramen Bar nearby. I decided to try out Terakawa and it's not bad at all. The broth can get a little salty but you can opt for a non-salty preference when ordering.
The noodles here are tasty and there are a lot of tasty condiments like the fried garlic, hot chili oil, and sesame seeds. Highly recommend!Too salty, I have to drink a lot of water. Being this place twice, I will never come again.I was planning on having Indian cuisine for my Christmas meal but they decided to close this year so as I crossed the street to plan where I could get a meal, I stumbled upon this Japanese Noodle house! so I went in to look at their menu and decided to try it.  I ordered seaweed salad and Shrimp Tempura Udon. The Udon had lovely seasonal veggies, fresh Udon noodles made offsite, boiled egg in a savory fish broth. Both were delightful! I savored the soup and ate every drop.  The wait staff very friendly. The restaurant cute decor and very clean. Service was quick! I definitely will come back. I want to try the Veggie Ramen!After trying ramen on the West Coast, I came back to Philly with a hunger for noodles that only tonkatsu could satisfy! Came in alone and they conveniently have seats for one right up against where they cook the food, which I thought was pretty cool and something I heard they have in Japan. There are a couple of ramen places in UCity, but this restaurant brings some flavor that tastes so full bodied. The pork falls apart in your mouth, the noodles are thick, and the garnish doesn't take over the bowl like what happens sometimes with pho. Making it spicy is always a good decision, adding even more flavor and leaving me happily tears-eyed. This place gives you the option of getting a side of chicken curry in a bowl when you order a ramen, so I had to try it! Very thick sauce, super condensed flavor and tender chicken. Definitely my new go-to place for my noodle needs.I had mayo on the menu - its black soup (it was garlic oil I think) was quite impressive.Horrible service
Had empty table but still made us wait and seated people coming in after us as they came inGreat ramen here and a nice space too. Service was friendly. For parents, there are no high chairs here but there are at the Chinatown location.
Miso ramen is my favorite. Love the flavor of the broth and noodles. My kid loves this place. I like to get the less salty broth though.
Food always comes out quickly. Overall, a great place to stop for ramen (or seaweed salad)Came in at noon and we were seated right away. First off, the noodle shop is right out of a Japanese film, very charming, and more expansive in all likelihood. Tampopo comes to mind, but nostalgia aside, the meal was good but not memorable, regrettably. Service was fast and our servers cheerful, and we were out of there in 45 minutes. 
The appetizers were hot and portioned generously. Flavorful and filling. We dumped the karaage chicken and gyoza into our ramens for extra gooey-goodness. 
Spicy ramen was a specialty item, but not really special. I wished the  Kimchi came through more to balance out the broth. I really preferred the Mayu, it's definitely lighter, broth is less dense and the red ginger and thin noodles worked well here. For a fast ramen joint, Terakawa has an enormous appeal. I'd like to try the signature dish next.I'm a huge ramen fan and had been to the Chinatown location before they opened this up in UCity. 
Pros/Recs:
- The ramen is better than that of Ramen Bar, the other ramen restaurant on Penn's campus. 
- Though their ramen isn't bad, I actually find that their udon noodle soup is what stands out to me. I've tried all 4 variations and love them all! 
Cons:
- During busy times there can be a bit of a wait for a table. They'll try to sit you at the bar but I personally don't love sitting there.
Tips:
- Take advantage of the seasonings on the table - adding lots of chili oil to my udon noodle soup makes such a great differenceI've been meaning to try this place for a while now because Ramen Bar just doesn't do it for me. I got the pork buns, signature ramen, and mochi ice cream (strawberry & green tea). Everything was 10/10, I have 0 complaints. My ramen expectations were pretty high too, because I had authentic ramen experiences from Japan to compare it to. The prices are extremely fair and the service is quick! I'm definitely going to start coming here more often!Terakawa in Chinatown is awesome, so the food here is pretty much the same. I had the tan tan ramen which is a thick miso chicken broth with ground pork, and chose to add egg. I enjoyed it a lot just like the one in Chinatown, and I'd want to have their rice dishes like curry or katsu too.
The place is big and their service is fast. Their servers messed up our order as well, like other recent reviewers mentioned. They completely forgot our order of edamame and never filled our water even after we asked. But the whole thing was fast so we just left. Note, they DO take credit card now, not cash only anymore. 
If the owner is reading this, please get baskets under the boxy chairs, for purses and jackets. Those tables have nowhere to put stuff. That would be awesome and just like they do in Japan.Have eaten at terakawa for a while (before pandemic) and they've always provided a delicious meal. Their quality, flavors are always consistent. Their ramen and rice balls remind me of Japan. their pork buns are also deliciousFood was amazing again as I stopped in for lunch for a second time and I was more pleased this time around ! Maybe one of my new regular spots !Menu Recommendation: 
Signature Ramen
Food:
I had the Signature Ramen and the cha su here was crazy mouth watering. It was the perfect ratio--not too fatty nor meaty. The broth was well developed and wasn't too salty like most ramen spots. I was impressed by the egg as well--it was a nice marinated soft boiled egg that had good umami/soy sauce undertones. 
Location + Service:
This is the newer of location of the original one in chinatown, but it's just as good! The location is smaller, so it might get busy during lunch hours. Otherwise, definitely take the time to appreciate the wall art and the little decorations that give this place it's cute little charm. Service is quick
Tips:
Take advantage of the little sauces and seasonings they have at the table. The fried garlic definitely elevates your ramen.Great ambience, ramen is quite good. Broth is flavorful and noodles are cooked to my liking. Char su is pretty unique, but is a bit (tolerably) dry, which isn't such a big deal because of the soup. The spicy ramen isn't lacking in fire power, which is a common complaint in a lot of spicy ramens. 
The disappointment came in the form of a piece of plastic in the soup. Offered 10% off. If you're not unlucky enough to have one in yours, this is a solid option.Fast but food was cold and lack flavor. I went to the center city location and that location was great.I love this place. The servers are fast and attentive, and the food is delicious and reasonably priced, considering the quantity and quality of ingredients.I came for an early lunch so the place was quite empty.  The service was quick and friendly.  I ordered the Mayu ramen which was quite tasty, although I think I like the Signature ramen better.  The portion is big enough to make you feel full but not too big that you feel like you'll explode afterward.  I will definitely come back to try other dishes (or I may order the Signature next time).  One tip... if you're a solo diner, they usually ask you if you want to sit at the bar.  Try going a little earlier or a little after the peak hours if you want to sit at a table (or ask for a table without feeling guilty about it).Terakawa is my favorite ramen place in Philly hands down! I was so happy when they open another branch in UCity so I don't have to go all the way to Chinatown when I crave for hot ramen soup on a cold winter day. I ordered my go-to Spicy Ramen Ramen. The food is good and service is great! However, although it is not a drawback, I just have a feeling that the ramen quality is not the same as the one in Chinatown, so I might still end up going to Chinatown if I crave for Terakawa. But overall, if you crave for ramen, Terakawa is the place to go for sure!The best ramen place in the area. The pork is superbly made, well flavored and plenty of fat. Broth is solid and the noodles are cooked properly. 
It can get packed in peak times, but service is real quick so you can get in and out quickly. The one in chinatown has a huge line all the time, so if you are dying to try Terakawa, check this location out!A day of discovery is always a special day.
When you live near or visit the larger cities of America there are always hidden gems that cause AH HA moments.   This Sunday was filled with them even though my promise to take the filled car to Chinatown did not work out.  
University City in Philly offers diners an array of Asian options but on this day as I kept asking the elder in the car if Ramen would work ... the reply was "what's Ramen?"  I took that for a yes.
So, you need to know that if you are still amongst those locked in on the cheap dried grocery packages that are the staple of college dorm rooms this amazing RAMEN restaurant will literally blow you away with deliciousness that is prepared within view (Gotta love open kitchens that allow diners to see the meal's puzzle put together into a delicious finished product.).
Delicious ... most definitely ... bargain priced well not quite like the dried stuff but this is a truly affordable dining location for a great meal.  The options that are on the menu allow the faint of heart and nervous nellies to even use spoons and forks (Ugh, we had two in our group deferring on the sticks.).  The owners obviously have learned though the years that mass appeal while offering targeted specialities works the best.
This restaurant is a tight fit.  I can imagine on a busy day how elbows bump into strangers while bringing the delicious food to its destination.   Clean and neat with just the right amount of carefully set out condiments on the table.  OH my the roasted garlic ... I could have finished the bowl myself and I think half of us at the table could have as well.  The sesame seed dispensers challenged us at first but again first rate.
The service was helpful, friendly, and attentive!
If you are in University City ... if you can find a parking spot ... check to see if there is a line because if there isn't then you need to head straight in and ask for the ramen that appeals to you.  Don't worry, you'll return and get another choice on another day!I like this resturant, cozy, bright, and modern. Service is great,  the food is yummy and comforting. I enjoyed the ramen and the seaweed salad, very good! Noodles were al dente, bouncy and filling. Kimchi was crunchy and pickled perfectly, with the right amount of kick, flavorful. 
Looking forward to trying more ramen dishes.Disappointed and offended by slow and rude server who have the nerved to embarrassed me in front of my husband and other customers and I'm not even talking to him at that time. I'm talking to my husband and explaining to him ( because he asked) what's going on with our to go orders after paying our dine-in bills so we can go after a longer than expected dine in stay waiting for our orders to be served and being often ignored by this server. I'm relaying to him (my husband) the statements of these two servers contradicting each other in-front of us, but at the end I'm the one who received a nerved-wrecking offensive remark from one of the server saying "OMG! You are so rude" to me. I'm like huh?! Where is that come from? I'm not even talking to him and he is partially standing behind me. Nothing! He just said that to me out of nothing, seriously! I spoke to the lady in charge about being offended by that remark and he is right there interrupting our conversation being so confrontational.We ordered (1) the original ramen with side of mini curry chicken and (2)katsudon. Ramen was amazing! So far the best I had in the US. Side of mini curry chicken was literally MINI, I would only get it if you want 3 spoonful of the dish. Katsudon was great as well! Little bit on the salty side which is probably why they give you so much rice. I still give it 5 stars for now because its the best I had so far in the east coast. But wish they had better portion control. Great prices though! Def worth visiting! I will be back!The ramen here is absolutely amazing! The tan tan ramen with pork and miso ramen are our favorites. The dumplings and takoyaki are also delicious appetizers to hold you over before your meal. The wait staff is always friendly and the service is super fast. The atmosphere is modern and exciting. We are regular customers here and have never been disappointed. Don't forget to add a mini curry rice bowl to your ramen order as well!Alright, I always love terakawa for as long as I remember but let me tell you about this location and why its awesome! There so many parking available in the are, street parking and also a garage parking. If you want free parking well.... of course you will park a few block further away for that but there always available street and garage parking. The decoration in the restaurant is nice!!! I love it and it makes me feel like I am taking pride in eating ramen for some reason. 
Alright food: I always get the spicy ramen because I just love the spicy ramen from the original location. The spicy ramen at this particular location is by far the bomb diggidy! You have you try it!!! The braised pork is so freaking soft I swear you think it is melting on your tongue! The broth taste amazing and addicting! And the way they prepare their noodle is just right! Not too soft and not too hard, just freaking right! I definitely will be coming back here again!This one Terakawa restaurant is located in University City same as the Chinatown one. I ordered a signature ramen and a Yakoyaki. The taste is okay. I prefer to the other Terakawa in Chinatown.I love Terakawa! I come here at least once a week! Sometimes, I'll come here twice a week. Shhh! I really like the signature ramen. The egg is my favorite part where it is perfectly marinated yet runny in the inside. Their broth is rich and creamy. I recommend replacing the noodles with the egg noodles and getting it firm. I prefer having firmer noodles when it comes to ramen. The takoyaki is okay. They have too much batter with very little octopus. The pork cutlet curry is really delicious. The portion is huge for the price. The miso ramen is okay. The miso broth starts getting too salty after a bit.Second time I found hair in my curry katsu dish. Also the card minimum is $15 which deters solo eaters from eating here.I had the Mayu ramen -- they use a special oil that makes it their specialty. Honestly, I thought the Ramen lacked much flavor. It was rich, but did not have much comprehensive flavor that you look for in Ramen. No amount of chili oil, soy sauce, or anything could save the flavor. I maybe would try a different one, but since there is another ramen place around the corner, I might just go there from now on instead.Amazing Place, Fresh Ramen!! Awesome Customer Service, kinda small but very comfy for 2 or group of 4-8. Would def come back for more!!I'm so excited to have a Terakawa located right on campus! I've been to their Chinatown location and have waited over an hour with the line out the door. Here, you sometimes have to wait because there just aren't that many seats, but you can always get seated in a reasonable amount of time with no reservation. The food is also comparable to the original location.
Terakawa has probably the best ramen in the city. Definitely better than Ramen Bar, which was the go-to ramen spot on campus before Terakawa's arrival. Their pork bone broth is so rich and packed with flavor, it is very filling and satisfying. Perfectly cooked noodles, perfectly tender slices of pork, and perfectly done soft-boiled eggs. Always hits the spot. I also LOVE that they let you order a mini bowl curry to go with your ramen, because this lets you get the best of both worlds for those of us who struggle to make decisions (me). All in all, you can't really go wrong with anything you get. They even have great vegetarian (may be vegan as well?) options if you have dietary restrictions or if you just want a lighter meal.I love terakawa food. I've been here so many times but they're kind of unsanitary. They place the clean AND dirty dishes on the same tray and serve it to you right after dirty tissues and utensils was on the tray then place your eating utensils on that tray lol. The price is average for Japanese. They have really really bad service here. The place is really really small.  I do not recommend coming during peak hours. Also, you cannot be seated until all party has arrivedMini curry bowl with tiny fried chicken and a smattering if curry. Not great.
Pork belly bun. Had tomato, weird. Tiny piece of dried pork belly.
House Ramen seemed under cooked. Pork belly in the ramen was good.
Philly Chinatown location is betterOne of my first introductions to Authentic Ramen as a Philadelphia Native. Decor is a must for my overall dining experience and I fell in love with the wall art presented. 
Some my favorite dishes include 
Starters :
1  steamed pork buns are always little pockets of heaven 
2 Takoyaki (Octopus balls with spicy mayo & BBQ sauce)   which melt in your mouth. However octopus still remains chewy inside of the delicious surrounding fried goodness
3 Of course Gyoza a staple 
My Ramen choices are 
1 Signature Ramen. All the best and freshest ingredients  used for this masterpiece 
2 Mayu Ramen. Pork Bone velvety rich broth pulls together all charsu(roasted pork) mayu oil(garlic w leek)
Definitely visit Terakawa when visiting the city or as native who like to frequent Chinatown's amazing food marketsI came down here with my mom for my upcoming surgery with CHOP, and we had time for lunch/dinner so we came here... this was the best ramen both of us ever had! Everything we had here was wonderful and I would totally recommend this place to other people! The service was great and the food was unlike anything I've had before!Ive ordered the pork tan tan noodles several times and they are delicious. Noodles and mixing come separate from the broth so the noodles aren't mushy from soaking.  Nice and firm and I add scallions, egg, and roast garlic to it.  Broth is tasty with a nice hint of heat.  Usually one bowl will carry me through lunch and dinner.  I also get the pork gyoza...which while good, not at the level of the tan tan.  Used to get it from the terakawa ramen in town but they've stopped delivering to south phila.  But the university city one delivers on GrubhubMore of a 3.5 experience but After a marathon of working 12+ hour days, six days a week, I was in major need of some comfort. I wanted to treat myself to some ramen and saw that Terakawa was new to the hood and had some great reviews. So I made my way over there after a long day of work outside in the cold. 
Parking is a little challenging because it's located on crazy busy streets with a lot of traffic. So just FYI. 
It's a pretty intimate setting but pretty traditional seating. I walked in and the restaurant was almost full. Good sign. A server greeted me and took my order. I got the Terakawa, which is their signature ramen and a seaweed salad. With tax and tip $20. Not bad for ramen and appetizer. 
The chashu was soft and there were enough that was satisfying and not too heavy. The broth was good...again, not as creamy as some of the ramens I've had out in California but definitely better than another spot I tried here in Philly.
It's close by, really affordable and decent food. I'd check them out again!Noodle, they are industrialized Noodle and not a daily made product. 
Egg, it's like the best soft boiled since yolk is half harden.
Broth, not flavorful for ramen Broth and no mixing whatsoever. Can't believe this is second chain already in Philly.
Don't recommend foodie to go. Time to level up ramen choice if you want something better.I got the Charshum Men. The broth had very rich pork flavor. Don't recommend if you don't like pork. They give 5 slices of pork on top of noodles garnished with scallions and red ginger. I needed to add a little sesame oil and seeds for a little kick.