Wow. Terrible customer service and mediocre food. I ordered my food via phone and was told it would be ready in 15 minutes. Once I arrived the girl working the register told me it'd be "just a few minutes." Ha! I sat waiting for an additional 25 minutes with no acknowledgement of my presence. When my food was finally ready (not a busy night at all) I said that I didn't think it was fair to pay full price. Unfortunately customer service wasn't important and she didn't really care. I could've gotten over this if the food was awesome but sadly I waited a total of 40 minutes for disappointingly soggy and greasy burritos. I was hoping to support a neighborhood business but I won't be returning.Had been wanting to try Teresa's Mesa since they opened.  Unfortunately, we were disappointed. Dined in on a Friday around 7pm, place was packed- and it was mostly families with kids! Very loud for a small space.
You order at the counter, then sit. We chose guac & chips, chile relleno burrito (vegetarian) and chicken burrito....
Chips were freshly made, but guac portion was small.
We were accidentally given two chile relleno burritos. After my husband ate half, he realized the error.  The kitchen fixed the problem and sent us home with a chicken one.
The chile relleno burrito wasn't that great; the chile was done in an egg batter, which was too thick and had no crisp. The chile itself was also too al dente IMHO.
My husband liked the flavor of the chicken burrito.
Overall, it was a fair experience. We won't be rushing back soon, even though we live close.Cute local spot with friendly service. Ordered quesadillas and burritos which were really underwhelming and extremely oily. El Fuego and even chipotle are much better food.Delicious place, happy to have them in the neighborhood! Portions were great and prices were reasonable, and the chicken was amazing! Interesting wall art as well!I've walked by this spot many times and wondered about the food, as the menu sounds good but it always looks empty. Well, on a Friday evening I stopped in for the carne burrito and it was indeed good, and the place was empty except for me. 
I love when burritos are grilled, that extra crunch is amazing! They do this at Teresa's and I think it helps melt the cheese better to hold everything together. I'll be back to try the pollo burrito and some tacos. The menu doesn't show options for customizing your meal but they have a nice variety of offerings and a happy hour (1/2 off burritos M-Th).Got some fish tacos for take out and when I opened the bag at home I was in for a disappointment. They use flour tortillas (heated..and crispy?????) instead of corn tortillas...that's just not a true taco.... And maybe if the fish was great I would have been able to overlook that they used flour tortillas but the fried fish smelled fishy - kinda gross. 
Okay I'm actually not that much of a picky eater and wasn't too phased by this to ask for a refund (and didnt want to walk back anyway) so I give them a three. And the portion of the fish was big so two tacos was enough for me. I do think they're overpriced for what they are but this isn't SoCal...so don't go there expecting tacos like that. 
I plan to try their other options on the menu (the cashier recommended the veggie burrito but I can't imagine a burrito without meat) so I can see if it's worth my money to get regular take out from there. The location is probably what's best about this small restaurant for me.Talk about a good burrito!  I've gotten the steak burrito and the Chile Rellenos and am thoroughly impressed.  They're grilled so the tortilla is a little crispy and holds together, the ingredients are evenly dispersed, and the it's just really good.  Great flavor, plenty of cheese!
I've also gotten the fish tacos, which are very good.  There's more fish then is needed, but that's something I can live happily with.
The guac is solid and the salad was a nice surprise.  Most Mexican spots lack a good salad.
I hadn't heard anyone talk about the food here and walked by it for a few years.  But now that I know, I'm a devotee, and happily have a new lunch spot.Love them, they're right around the corner and it's hard not to stop each time I walk by.  A great addition to the neighborhood.Great addition to the neighborhood!  I ordered the Pollo Burrito and Chips & Salsa for carryout.  The staff was energetic and friendly, my food was ready very fast, and it was delicious!  My wife and I are big fans of Mexican food, and have been hoping for a casual option in Queen Village, so this is great.  We look forward to dining in soon and trying more of the menu.  Welcome to the neighborhood, Teresa's!I went here on Saturday with my friends. I got the Brisket Quesadilla (which was more than enough food) and the coconut shrimp tacos (because I'm greedy and wanted to try them too lol). Both were delicious!
The people that work there were very nice. I would definitely recommend giving this place a try!Not my favorite Mexican spot around. Stopped by on a Fri not not knowing it was an order at the counter/seat yourself situation. Got guac and salsa to start which was good but not amazing. Tried the steak tacos which had a good flavor combination with the queso cabrales (tasted like blue cheese) and the pomegranate seeds. The retried beans were my favorite and I ended up dipping my chips in them instead of the guac/salsa. Shared the churro donuts with chocolate dipping sauce and tres leches cake. Both huge portions and again good but not great. I wouldn't be opposed to trying again for takeout/delivery.Great tacos at a great price! Fish tacos and squash quesadilla were delicious. Not a fan that the fish is tilapia since nowadays it's hard to find anything natural about that abundant fish buttttt they were fried to perfection. The portions are perfect and the atmosphere is great. Our 4 month old loved staring at the crazy colors on the wallDelicious food, great service and the ambiance is warm and festive (and it's very clean-YAY).   We've been twice in three days and will go back soon.  Their tortilla soup is yummy, not too thick and not to thin-just right, especially on a cold day.  The carnitas tacos are delicious and they sort of crisp up the outer shell just enough to add texture and flavor-Yum!  The fish tacos are filled with a generous piece of fish coated with a nice crunch and the chili relleno burrito is spicy and flavorful.  Can't wait to try the other items on their menu, though it's going to be hard not to get the soup each and every time!What fantastic place. I order the carnitas and brisket tacos and they were amazing. The carnitas tacos tasted very homemade. I also order a side of sweet plantains and they were ok because the plantains were green. But the tacos were so good that I'm giving this place 5 stars. Just stay away from the sweet plantains and you will love this place.Love having Teresa's Mesa in the neighborhood!  So far, we've tried the chicken burrito, chile relleno burrito, brisket tacos and a few snacks and we've love all of them. Perfect to dine in or take out, we're happy to WELCOME this restaurant to Queen Village!The salsa was literally tomato sauce, the tortillas tasted like cardboard, the chips were flavorless iron, the guac spread on my tacos tasted like acid reflux... honestly I thought the food was not good at all. I can't recommend.I love this place SO much. My favorites are the brisket tacos, tortilla chicken soup, the salad, fish tacos and flan. I've loved every single item I've tried though and I've tried most menu items. A great place for pick-up, delivery or sit down. Their vegetarian options are really yummy. My husband and I have to talk ourselves out of going here many times. Keep up the awesome food and service!I stopped in for takeout and the cashier was so friendly! She made sure my order was exactly what I wanted and while I sat and waited for my tacos to cook, she brought me a complimentary glass of water. Great service and great food!We stopped in here last night for some sit-in and were pleasantly surprised.  We tried the veggie tacos, the brisket, and the chicken, and all were very good.  We had an order of empanadas as well, which also hit the spot.  Overall, I think this is a great addition to the neighborhood and serves as a good option to eat in or take out.This is a great new addition to Queen Village! I actually work very close to their other restaurant Los Camaradas. My coworkers and I frequent there often for their happy hour after work. #BestinphillyNACHOS. The first time I came in with my neighbor and noticed on the menu camaradas nachos and was pleasantly surprised to find out it was the same owners!
The staff at Teresa's Mesa is unbeatable even though it is counter service. They are all so friendly and helpful with substitutions and questions. My neighbor has a gluten allergy and they are always happy to read off what she can't have. 
The restaurant itself is so cute, the walls are painted with bright flowers, the tables have great hot sauce selections AND it's BOYB!
Do yourself a favor and stop in or get some take out at this new gem!
The Nachos, carnitas tacos and the shrimp tacos are to die for!
My only complaint is they close at 9...I can think of a few times when I'd kill for great tacos walking back home after a night out.Teresa's Mesa is a great local spot. 
The paintings on the walls inside are awesome. The service is fast and everyone who works there is so polite. 
The coconut shrimp tacos are AWESOME albeit a little heavy, you definitely only need 2! My boo got the pork tacos and was pleased. We've been back a few times and it's never disappointed.Food is excellent, employees are super nice, decor is fun and music is always great. Highly recommend. Its a great spot! I had that posole on a rainy day and it sure did hit the spot. I can't wait to try more of the menu!My boyfriend had the steak and pork belly tacos, which both are delicious! I have had chicken tacos great flavor, perfect in size and the price is right. 2 tacos hit the spot and 3 tacos are a good dinner size. I also have had Guac and chips! Couldn't be any better! Must try! Glad they are in the neighborhood  my new spot !Believe me when I say...I've been here a good 15 times since it has opened...it is right around the corner, BYOB, casual and used to be awesome.
I really hate to do this..and I haven't..but now I have to. My last visit really put me over the top.
I love the original (Los Camaradas) and I used to love Teresa's but the last 4-5 visits I've been utterly disappointed.
I always get the shrimp tacos which used to be loaded with shrimp..large shrimp..
Recently, the shrimp are fewer and smaller.
My friend always gets the brisket tacos which seem to come with different toppings every time?
Also, we always get the nachos to share. Now this is where the real disappointment sets in. Because these nachos used to be slammin...don't call them camaradas nachos because they're just not anymore... :(
1. Once I got them to-go and there were about 5 huge raw cloves of garlic mixed in...how does that even happen? When I found the first one I was like oh! a garlic clove fell in here..oh well...then there were more...and more..and I just felt like the chef or whatever idiot you have down there was purely just fucking with me.
2. They always vary.
a. Wheres the good pure white crumbly/melty cheese you used to use? Queso fresco I think? Gone...
b. tomatoes are few and far between
c. sometimes theres no pickled onions and now all of a sudden there are white onions?
Basically they're just chips smothered in beans, 1 type of cheese and jalapeños with a few tomatoes and pickled onions sprinkled in.
Service
Seriously with the staff..I get it is counter service but your staff blows. Yes they're nice..but service is slow, they forget to bring you wine glasses, silverware isn't on the tables anymore and I always have to fill my own water glass. 
Lastly...food comes out in increments...when I order nachos I want them to come out first..not last..and I want my food to come with my dining partners..not separately. 
Teresa, spend more time here and straighten it out..I won't be back for a looong time. I'm sorry..I used to love this place but I can't anymore..please fix it soon so I can come backSo I got this place for delivery on uber eats and it came in a timely fashion. I go to open the guacamole and it's watery which I skeeve. I prefer thicker guac and this was just too watery and thin. Also had way to many tomatoes. Just didn't taste good at all. Also the chips sucked they weren't even crispy someone were undercooked. The brisket tacos were good but I was literally so turned off after the guac that I didn't even enjoy the tacos. The brisket was good and I liked the roasted corn salsa topping. I like my tacos with a little more toppings though this only had corn salsa. Would not get this place again even tho I liked the tacos the chips and guac were just awful. The 3 stars is because the tacos were good if not it would be 1 star.I tried this place thru Caviar. I don't understand how this place gets good reviews. First, they charge $6 for salsa 4oz . What is interesting about that is that guacamole was the same price but came in a bigger quantity. The chips that came with salsa was fried way too long. The brisket taco  was dry. I can go on and on on. Everything was also too saltyVisiting from out of state and wanted something quick, within walking distance but most of all tasty. My sister recommended I try Teresa's Mesa, I was not disappointed. I had the tortilla soup it was excellent. I also had the carnitas tacos they were very good as well . Both dishes were flavorful and fresh. Portions were perfect for lunch. The establishment was super clean and the young lady that took the order was very pleasant and attentive. I will definitely be back.I was excited for a new Mexican place in the neighborhood!  But Teresa's table did not deliver. I walked in to order takeout at 8:15. There were 4 tables occupied. All had received their food by 8:20. It took an additional 25 min to receive my order of fish tacos. I live less than a block away from the restaurant but mu order was cold by the time I got home. I feel like it might have been good if it had been warm.Delicious nachos~ mango guac with pomegranates seeds (YUM)!  Open, casual atmosphere- great for a quick lunch.  Vegetarian options and creative mexican dishes.We eat here at least a couple times a month and it's quite good.  The staff is always friendly and helpful and the food is consistently delicious.  We always get the guacamole and chips and I love the chicken mole tacos!Food is excellent, employees are super nice, decor is fun and music is always great. Highly recommend. Its a great spot! I had that posole on a rainy day and it sure did hit the spot. I can't wait to try more of the menu!Teresa you've done it! Thank you for taking the time to coach your staff. This place has really turned around and is now even better than when you first opened! Everyone please disregard my previous review and stick with my first review. I am happy to recommend again!!!
Do yourself a favor and get the nachos! You really can't go wrong with anything on their menu...and if you're not in the QV area try their sister location in graduate hospital!Wow, we are lucky to have gotten this gem in Queen Village. Got the chicken and brisket tacos and was so pleased. They were fabulous. I will be walking here regularly!I can't believe the quality, taste and the freshness of the food for the price we paid. Amazing.
BYOB 
Party of 4, we enjoyed our 2 bottles of red wine with appetizers, tacos, quesadillas, desserts at the end, you name it, for less than 100 dollars.
Coconut shrimp tacos, chile relleno burrito, brisket quesadilla, skirt steak tacos are to die for.
WOWWe have a fantastic time tonight at Teresa's Mesa...Food was exquisite, as always! From two different  Guacamoles to start. The empanadas, Chicken Tinga Salad, the Brisket Quesadillas, the Stuffed Burrito and the Skirt Steak Tacos and Carnitas Tacos. Everything cook to perfection! 
Emma THANK YOU for your great service!"TERESA'S MESA"  (TERESA'S TABLE) Great food, great service, excellent ambiance and exquisite flavors!!! BYOB... The Guacamole with squash , goat cheese and salted seeds is to die for! Joe & teresa's owners, Teresa's Mesa, is a great addition to the community! Awarded with  Best of Philly Nachos 2015 at Las Camaradas! Excellent location Second and Monroe Street.
We try yesterday New Item on the Menu...HUEVOS RANCHEROS and they were EXQUISITE..and the "Tres Leches" for dessert like never before DELICIOUS. The place is fantastic to our community!!!This place is amazingly good. The coconut shrimp tacos were outstanding, the chips fresh and the guac among the best around. I wish more people would discover this place because it ranks very high among QV joints.Grabbed 2 tinga tacos and tortilla soup for lunch.  Delicious.  Fresh ingredients, nicely spiced, friendly service and good tunes. Best hour of my day so far!  Will be back!Chicken tacos are very good.  Fast,  friendly service. They accept cards,  which is a plus.Hungry?  Pull a chair up to Teresa's Mesa (mesa = table)! They have a small space that's well-utilized.  There are probably a dozen or so tables so it's fine for a group of, say, 4-6 people but bringing a large group might be a tight squeeze.  The kitchen is actually downstairs and totally tucked out of sight and the bathroom is literally under a staircase.  It's pretty casual in the sense that you go up to order and serve yourself water but the food's brought out to you.  The walls are painted very colorfully, which I liked.  Our group shared a platter of nachos, which was huge.  I got the chicken burrito, which was absolutely enormous.  My friend got the baja fish tacos and her only complaint was that there was so much fish that she ran out of taco and still had a large piece of fish leftover.  I happily packed away my leftovers from the burrito.  I'd be interested in checking it out again.We stopped in on Saturday for an early dinner and the food was very good. Four of us shared different guac and chip options, tacos (beef and the coconut shrimp)and the squash blossom quesadilla. Large portions and everyone liked the food - we'll definitely come back.A good fast-casual spot in Queens Village that you can bring your own booze to. The food is great, however, the atmosphere leaves something to be desired. It's very clean, but could use some music and better lighting to make me want to make this a destination. I tend to just get it delivered. 
I recommend the guacamole and the "carne burrito" which is as burrito filled with guacamole, flank steak, rajas, refried beans and chihuahua cheese.I came here when it first opened and I wasn't impressed.  I came back last week and I was pleasantly surprised.  I had tortilla soup and the chicken burrito.  Both were incredible!  I am so lucky to have this place in the neighborhood and cant wait to come back.Some of the best nachos I've ever had! The crema/cheese sauce is amazing, and the pickled onions and jalapenos are great addition. I also appreciate the unique vegetarian options. The vegetales tacos are good, but the mushrooms can be a bit too chewy. The chile relleno burrito is decadent and delicious. I hope the end up adding brunch to the lineup as well.
I also really like the mural/painting inside the restaurant. Its so vibrant and warm! The staff are super nice too. As a downside, the space is small and you can pretty much hear everyone's conversations. Overall a great place though!I hosted my daughter's first birthday party here and it was absolutely amazing! Two months later and my guests are still talking about how good both the food and service was that day.  The owners were extremely helpful in figuring out the menu planning and room set up both the day of the party and at previous sit downs together.  We offered our guests chips and guacamole, rice and beans and an assortment of their flavorful tacos! They even made a tray of churros which were out of this world! This place is a great neighborhood spot that I highly recommend!Amazing burritos and I also love their shrimp tacos and churro donuts! Great if you're looking for a place to eat that's small, casual, and has delicious food. Another great thing is the food comes very fastThe brisket tacos are the best I've ever tasted. So selling and great for the price! Highly recommend. And their juices their homemade fresh juices are out of this world too.Wow. The most delicious guac and carnitas tacos, really tender pork and delicious flavor. Friendly service. Will definitely be back to try other items on the very interesting menu.Order the short rib quesadilla. You won't be disappointed.
Great spot for BYOB.
Hefty serving of guacamole with your chips.
Can't go wrong with the chicken burrito! 
Great spot for a grab and go meal!Let me first say this. I never post bad reviews and this is probably one of 3 reviews in general I've ever made on yelp that I am taking out of my time during a hectic work day to even write. I understand hectic situations can occur in the hospitality/service industry, but one thing I never take lightly and no restaurant should is dietary requests.... So here I am all excited that ubereats is running this $5 combo meal promo and two restaurants popped up in my area for it. I love Mex food so I went with that. They had the option of a bean (veg) burrito or a chicken (meat) burrito. As a vegetarian for nearly 15 YEARS I obviously opted for the bean burrito. I know I had to be one of the first few people to place my order as I ordered at exactly 12:01p and my order was accepted @ 12:02p. The opened for deliver at NOON. I take lunch at 1pm so I figured an hour should be plenty time to receive my lunch. Their delivery time window on ubereats is 25-45 min so I thought I'd be good... NOPE! I called ubereats at 12:50 so they could follow up on my order because I noticed at around 12:30 the restaurant cancelled the promo and was listed as unavailable. I was told by customer service that I would still receive my food and I did... at 1:18pm. Go figure! The delivery person arrived at the wrong location, I had to call him twice and walk all over to find him. When I did, there were no utensils, not even friggin napkins! Its a burrito and chips!! I need napkins at least. But then I said to myself, hey only 5 bucks no biggie. I at my chips, thought they were great, crispy, fresh and golden. The salsa I have no idea in what world that was salsa, it was more of a dipping sauce with chile rolleno. Its 70 degrees out so I at e my chips outside and figured I would pig out on my burrito inside (behind closed office doors). I unwrapped this fat burrito salivating... I take a bite, and I feel some weird texture consistency like shredded meat. It took me a while of just holding it my mouth no longer bothering to take a second chew of the first bite to figure out what it was. It took me a while for my brain to reference back that it was meat. THEY SENT ME FREAKING MEAT IN MY BURRITO. I dropped the damn burrito in shock on my desk feeling so betrayed and literally vomited all in my waste basket underneath my desk. I literally was cussing, heaving and crying at the same time. I had to use a bottle of my juice as goddamn mouthwash it was really awful.I called the restaurant on my cell right away and ubereats on my office phone at the same time. I was furious. Eventually a manager/owner Joe called me about 20 min later and he explained they were overwhelmed and drivers were just showing up and picking up orders, and the drivers this and drivers that and marketing figures of the promo not really helping their business yada yada, not really what someone who vomited and is having an allergic reaction minutes prior to your call wants to hear. TAKE SOME RESPONSIBILITY. That is all I wanted. People who eat meat seem to take vegetarianism very lightly. This is not only my diet choice but part of my clean living lifestyle. I am not a hipster trend following person who woke up 2 days ago and decided to stop eating meat, this is nearly 15 years of my life that in one moment was tarnished. Please do better! I wish I had x-ray vision to see into my burrito beforehand but let's be real it should have been 100% prior to leaving the restaurant. Truly sad because I just read about this place and was looking to make a visit because there are so many veg options on the menu but after this, I feel like I cannot trust this place. *This review is strictly on the food I received and not on ownership/management or service of it's staff as I have never physically eaten at this location*Authentic. Spacious. Clean. Good food. I'm a creature of habit. I usually do their burrito - both the carne and pollo are excellent. On my last visit and at the insistence of friends, I tried their Skirt Steak Tacos - the flavor was great. Is it OK that I can find complete bliss in doing the same dish over and over and over? Well, that's me! If you haven't tried their burrito - I suggest you dive in. The guacamole is fresh, the ingredients are tasty and perfectly blended and the portion is MORE THAN generous! 
I've been coming here for a while - and it's good to know that my initial instincts have been correct: they're quick to address issues you bring to their attention. The owners and team are invested in building REAL relationships with their customers that extend beyond the transactional.Great brisket in the casadilla! Overall, the food is seasoned with a touch too much salt, but all in all, I've always received a solid meal here.The interior is clean and unimpressive but the food is the star here. The brisket nachos were juicy and had layer upon perfect layer and were reasonably priced. Some of the best nachos I've ever eaten. The hibiscus tea was also excellent. The place is byob and I mixed the hibiscus tea with some pinot Grigio wine and it was glorious. I will definitely be back again!Teresa's Mesa is an amazing addition to Queen Village. If you are looking to upgrade your brunch game, you need to stop by on Sundays for their awesome Brunch specials.
You can tell that a lot of love goes into the food, because no bite will leave you unsatisfied. I can't even pick a favorite off the menu, because everything is SO GOOD. Tres Leches French Toast? AMAZING. Breakfast burrito? AMAZING. Black Bean Avocado Benedict? AMAZING. Chilaquiles? AAAAAAMMAAAAAZINGGGG.
The list goes on and on. I used to live in the area, and am half happy/sad that this didn't open until after I moved, because 1. I missed out on a lot of great meals here, but 2. I probably would have had to pay rent here because I would have been here EVERY DAY.Have never had a bad dish here. Creative takes on the classics, all the ingredients and execution are top notch. A low-key special restaurant.Solid fish tacos, though I wish they'd add just a little more of the toppings (sauce, pickled cabbage and avocado). The guacamole is consistently good, which is hard for a lot of places to manage with avocado shortages. It's a reliable place for fast take-out. Order ahead and it's usually 10 minutes or less.Delicious and creative Mexican food that is wonderful for takeout or dining in. If you dine in they are BYO and have a few tables which would make it ideal for a casual date or small group of friends. We ordered the brussel sprout, brisket, and shrimp tacos which were all yummy although the first two were stand out favorites!! We also shared a chicken quesadilla which was delicious and HUGE. Service was quick and friendly for takeout. We will definitely be back!!I was looking to try a new restaurant and proceeded to order the chicken tinga tacos from Uber Eats. I explicitly specified under special instructions no cheese and that I have a dairy allergy. However, when the food arrived at my doorstep, there was none other than a fresh helping of cheese on the top of my tacos, despite the GLARINGLY OBVIOUS words NO CHEESE on the receipt! 
This defeated the purpose of ordering something out because now I have to turn around and cook. In the future I will be taking my business elsewhere, a place where the restaurant listens to its customers.This place is around the corner from my house and I've never tried it. I had low expectations for some reason but it was amazing. By far the best Mexican in the area. We got the carnitas tacos, chicken burrito, and guacamole. Everything was bbanngginng. During this Armageddon, little things like take out can really make my day.   Will definitely be coming back.Food was amazing. So much! Jay was a great host. Went here with a group or eight and we were nurtured. It is like if breath of the wild was a restaurant.Wow. Took a risk on a new mexican delivery spot.  I've eaten at every mexican restaurant in the city worth eating at and have finally found my go-to!!  Fresh, healthy and allows their food to speak for itself without unnecessary dressings. Entire family devoured our meal. Including our 2y/o! Go-to!!! Ca 't wait to try the entire menu!  Thanks guys!  Blown away.The best nachos I've had!! Guacamole and tacos are great too. This is our go to spot for Mexican food for take out or a quick bite.New wave taco stand (if taco stands were inside, had searing, and byob).  Solid quick spot.  Hearty tacos good to go or sit.  I'd eat hear again. Worth trying.Omg the best. New to the area and have gotten take out a few times. Everything is so fresh and delicious. The special guac-- with pepitas and sweet potatoes -- is to die for10/7/2020 7pm ish after a long day of work we decide to give this spot a try. What a mistake. This place does not sell beverages which should've have been the first sign to leave. and we were greeted by this young man with an awful attitude. On the phone, texting and chatting his life away, after 20 mins of waiting food comes out and we ask for hot sauce he tells us they don't have hot sauce,, first off what kind of Mexican restaurant named TERESAS MESAS doesn't have hot sauce? Absolute joke. So we ask for salsa and this guy basically sucked his teeth and lip talked like we were asking him to dig out gold. If you don't like your job get a new one jerk. This is the bare minimum you can do for customers. Do not come here. Take your hard earned money to chipotle instead .Fast and delicious.  Carnitas burrito was great, so was the chicken and the guacamole and chips were
fantasticWe enjoyed this colorfully decorated small Mexican restaurant that was near where we were staying.  It is appropriate for kids and adults.  They do offer take out. 
The flavorful chicken burritos and chicken quesadillas were served hot and were well prepared and delivered with friendly service. I enjoyed that they were slightly crispy. There was a nice selection of unusual sodas.  Unfortunately beer was not served although apparently BYOB is allowed. 
I felt that the food was a value.  It was a great casual dining experience.I like this place A LOT!!!
I found myself really wanting tacos on a Saturday while milling around South St. Google maps provided info on this little gem, so I took a chance on something new.
Worth it!!
First, it's off the beaten path, a little past Bainbridge so it's QUIET!!!! No South St. BS to deal with. Second. The food was great and FRESH!! I only wanted tacos, but I ended up getting the Guacamole with mango and pomegranate because it sounded awesome. And it was!!
I can't wait to go back here. The food was fresh and tasty. The prices were very good, the staff were friendly and its very clean!! This is a great place to grab a nice lunch or dinner and relax.
Support!!!I was a little bummed out...the chicken tortilla soup has no flavor and comes in a small plastic container that you'd use for takeaway. Can a guy get a bowl at least? Sheesh. It really lacked any sort of ambience and just tasted like salty water. The salsa was similarly flavorless -- no hint of freshness or spice -- and the chips were fine, I guess? I'll try it again to see the other menu items...realize tortilla soup probably isnt their specialty. The employees were really nice and make we want to give it another shot, plus the other reviews are very positive. Just maybe skip the soup =)Love going here for brisket and fish tacos.  The chips and guac is also amazing.  Such a great food for really good value.I eat a ton of Mexican food and this place is awesome. Tacos and burritos are both excellent,  great price point.I love this place. The food is uniformly delicious. This is not the typical Mexican food one gets at a low price eatery (although I certainly like that, too.) Most dishes at Teresa's are made without cheese, rice or beans, and rely instead on really well-prepared vegetables and meats. I'm a vegetarian and the vegetarian choices include squash blossom quesadillas, tacos filled with grilled brussel sprouts, and Chile rellenos as main dishes. My kids, who aren't vegetarians, have loved the dishes made with brisket, skirt steak, and tinga chicken. The tortilla soup and palm salad are terrific, too. Oh, and get the corn side dish; it's delicious. Most menu items cost around $10; nothing costs more than about $12. Because it's a couple of blocks from my house, I often order food to take out but the place itself is cheerful,  light, clean, and  colorful so fun to eat there, too.Welcome to Queen Village! My husband and I just ate here for a "snack" and were surprised by the amount of food we got. Delicious chips and salsa. Really nice waitress. We are already discussing how we are going to come here weekly. Haha