I had some time to kill while my car was being inspected down the street so I decided to try and find a place to eat. I walked past this place many times in the  past without even noticing that it was there. My fiance and I stopped in not expecting much. 
We were blown away! This place has a ton of vegan and vegetarian items.  They have cheesesteaks (beef or chicken style seitan), seitan sloppy joes and even vegan tuna salad. I am so excited!  
All-in-all, we got two mixed drinks, a vegan cheesesteak on a sesame seed roll and a huge!!!! order of tater tots for $15. 
Everything here, including the beers (which are of a wide variety for beer snobs like me), is cheap. 
Give this place a try...you won't be disappointed. The food and drink are great and the prices are just right!!Wow. My friend (who lives here) brought me here for breakfast, saying, "Oh, it's just a diner." [sings]*Beg to differ!*  Teri's may have the diner atmosphere, but the food was definitely a cut above. 
I had the roasted corn pancakes with chive butter and ham. First off, what non-artisanal food establishment has that on their menu? The ham was a wafer-thin slice, crinkly as a sheet of tissue from being hit with the heat. It rested atop the corn cakes, which were full of corn kernels and were sweetish around the edges (like cornbread) but were heartier somehow in the centers. One helping of two cakes was way more than I needed. The chive butter was excellent, a zesty perk-up that would have been missed otherwise. 
Definitely a good choice for a filling breakfast, and not just the usual diner fare.I am not a hipster. I promise.
But I am sometimes mistaken for one. I must fit the profile to a certain extent. Let's just say that if a hipster caused 9/11 I'd have a hard time getting on a plane. 
Teri's is like that. A lot about it screams "hipster joint," but it's not. OK, they have a DJ and dancing in what is essentially a diner. A hipster's paradise. But for me it all comes down to their shot and beer special, where instead of PBR and rotgut whiskey you get a Yards ESA and Jameson. A hipster staple with a touch of class. For people, like me, who want to accomplish 3 things when patronizing a drinking establishment: get drunk, save a few bucks, and not vomit the next morning.Tater Tots
Came here late on a Saturday night with a couple other famished Yelpers, still half in the bag from the beer fest at the E-Factory.  We were at Varga and we got the call to come down to Teri's.  It's not far from my house so I agreed.
Two orders of tots later....
Wow, those things are amazing.  We can skip the beer I drank, it was good, but standard Philadelphia selection (we are spoiled).  The decor looks like a diner although a group of silly girls and their jersey shore crew started an impromptu dance floor in front of the bathroom.  Classy.
All I'm saying is, those tots rocked my socks.  I'm craving them right now.Girlfriend and I went to check out the spot and see a friend DJ. I liked the layout of the space, but the food we had left something to be desired. Girlfriend had the vegan tuna salad sandwich, which had a great taste, but the texture was nothing close to tuna salad I've ever had. I had the jalapeno poppers, which were filled with plenty of cream cheese, but came with the most bland sauce I've ever had in my life. Thankfully, I was able to pour some Carolina hot sauce into the sauce to spice it up a bit.
Draft beer selection was adequate with several craft brewers on the taps. We had the Weyerbacher that was on tap, but we also ordered 2 Jameson shots and they must have been the smallest shots I've ever consumed in my life. They didn't even fill my mouth and they were not any cheaper either for a smaller portion than you'd get pretty much anywhere else in the area. On the plus side, they sell six-packs to-go. 
Overall, the service was satisfactory. It felt like our server forgot about us for a minute (smoke break? social minute? who knows?), but she more than made up for it with speedy and friendly service. 
The dance/DJ area had plenty of room for ~20-30 to get down. Sound was nothing special, two mackie 15" tops, no sub though, but from the look of the DJ lineup, they probably won't really need it. 
I can see this place improving and becoming a regular spot for me once they settle into a groove, but they've gotta ditch the black lights hanging around. They're cheesy and don't really add anything to the overall environment.A dive is every sense of the word.  I have nothing against dive bars.  The music was a collection of 50's and 60's diner style music.  Considering the hipster crowd I assume it was being played ironically but it was enjoyable none-the-less.  
I had a few sly fox pils ($3 cans which is a pretty good deal).  I think they also offer a variety of $2 beers.  Several people in my group got food and everyone seemed to enjoy what they got.  The tater tots that I picked at were pretty good.  
Overall, if this place was the only place in the city that offered cheap beer and decent food I'd be all about it.  However, South Philly is loaded with dive bars...many of which are actually decently decorated and relatively clean.  
They have 1 tv at the end of the bar, so its not a good place to watch sports.Fun environment with good friends, good prices, and TUESDAY NIGHT QUIZZO! Finally! Something to do on Tuesdays at 9PM!Tried Teri's last night for dinner.  The website menu was down, but the tabs indicate that "fine dining" is offered.  It was not, but that was okay by me.
I ordered the chicken parm sandwich and really enjoyed it.  It was served on a Sarcone's roll; the chicken cutlet was lightly breaded and very tender and juicy; fresh mozzarella; and a nice tangy sauce.  Yummy!
The curly fries that mr. H ordered were nothing special.
Full bar and great music.  I can't wait to visit again for brunch!I have been to Teri's now 4 times and always enjoy myself.  New to the neighborhood and quickly found Teri's to have good food, good drink, and good service. Also the crowd that frequents the establishment are diverse and friendly. A good mix so you do not feel overwhelmed by that South Philly hipster feel.  Teri's has a legit cook who puts out some good food. The bartenders are always friendly and attentive. Teri's has DJ's on Friday and Saturday nights who usually keep the good music flowing.  Teri's are known for their boozy milkshakes, and the Jacky Treehorn is well worth the $6.  Have very good specials at all hours (always have a shot and a beer deal) Last night they had a Victory Hop Wallop and a shot of Jameson's for 6 bucks.  Decent sized place so does not get overly crowded. Also outdoor seating when it is nice out is a plus.  Definitely worth the trip while in South Philly.Great place to go for drinks and snacks.  The tater tots are awesome & the beer selection is pretty good.  The staff is super nice and the outdoor seating right in the heart of the italian market. is a huge plus.  One of my favorite hangouts.I'd give the food at Teri's 3.5 stars, but if the server was a charmer, so I gave them the extra half star, overall. This place has good food - nothing spectacular though - for good prices. I went today for a friend's birthday brunch and we enjoyed ourselves immensely. I wouldn't go out of my way yo eat at Teri's, but I'd definitely stop by on a lazy morning or afternoon.What a pleasant surprise. Yet again, being the reluctant, stuck in my food ways and the restaurants I feel comfortable in, I drug my feet and whined like a child "but whhhhyy can't we go to Sam's!?" to my boyfriend the entire walk into Teri's. We were going for brunch and able to be seated immediately. What? No wait? Unheard of at any other brunch spot on a weekend. The menu is a little lacking but what they do serve does not disappoint. I ordered the banana walnut pancakes and the bf ordered the spinach bacon and feta cheese omelet. My oh my... Absolutely amazing. I'm drooling at the thought. Infact after I finish this review, I'm going to go eat my leftovers until I fall into a delicious food coma. I can't wait to go back to try their omelets and to have another peak at that gorgeous waiter. Plus so much more reasonably priced than other spots in town. Highly recommended.I've been here twice an love, love love it. The food is amazing and the servers rule. I haven't been there for a night event yet but I'm curious how it fills up bc it's so small.
Everything on the menu is good. 
It's such an unassuming place you'd have no idea. A hidden gem.Only done the breakfast thing - love it. They are very accommodating and the place is cheap. Corn pancakes with ham + fried egg is a delight!It's hard for me to assign a star rating to Teri's because i feel different about it in its different capacities. 
First: the positive. The food is pretty effing awesome. I've been a couple times for brunch and never been disappointed. Its fast becoming a favorite among my friends. The prices are great and there's something for everyone on the menu. 
Now: the negative. Ok, so the service during brunch is inexplicably slow. The last time i went my friend and i were pretty hung over and it took forever to get an initial glass of water. And refills werent exactly forthcoming. It took too long for our waiter to ask for our order and it took too long to get the check. It wasn't exactly busy so i dont know what his problem was, but its the only reason i haven't been back for brunch recently. 
Thats just concerning Teri's as a diner. At night it becomes more of a bar/club. Its weird as a bar though because they have these DJs and the music is too loud, but there really isn't a place to dance or anything. Then people try to dance in this little area in the back anyway and its just awkward. People tend to crowd towards the door in the front at night and i think its just to get as far away from the noisy music as possible. Also, the DJs are generally kind of lame. I would definitely consider Teri's for just hanging out and having some drinks if it were the sort of bar where you could sit and chat with friends, but it's too loud and loud for no good reason so its sort of a bust.I've been to happy hour here a few times, as I'm a fan of tater tots & inexpensive craft beers. Three of us had dinner & two beers each, and our bill was $32! Amazing! Can't beat the value or the convenient Italian Market location. It's so relaxing to enjoy drinking in a super-casual dinette, far away from the blaring television sets that plague South Philly neighborhood bars.
I do wish the beer menu was easier to decipher -- the listed draughts never seem to be accurate & it's hard to tell what's on special.I came here twice and both times, I asked for fries and they gave me tater tots. I HATE tater tots. The server apologized and gave me fries. Annoying... but SWEET! 
They didn't have a few things on the menu, so I'm guessing I had come on a bad day. My buddy got a burger, but out of burger bread, they used a hoagie roll. We just shrugged because...
Their happy hour is pretty awesome! $1/$2 can beers.
I will say that if I get Tater tots one more time, then Teri's must really hate me.Went there last weekend, and it appears to be closed.  The website is down. There's a liquor license application in the window. I guess someone else will be opening there.I'm here quite a lot. The food is really good, although I don't order from here all that much for some reason. A friend and I got a big platter of fries with SPICY (!) mayonnaise, bacon, and cheese on them and devoured the whole thing in under five minutes. Holy crap. I've also had their grilled cheese and potato salad. All good. Their salad...eh. When I tried it a few months ago it was just plain old lettuce, cucumbers, and tomatoes.
Their drinks, though--absurdly cheap and crazy good. Their ratio of strawberry vodka to diet coke is always spot-on and their adult milkshakes are super tasty. The last time I tried one, their cherry garnish was like biting into pure booze. I like that type of attention to detail! On a slightly unrelated note, they also have heat lamps outside their front door that they turn on in the cold weather. It just feels good!
I wish I could give 3.5 stars. I guess the main (and by and large, only) negative I have is that sometimes this place is just too freakin' crowded (...w/ hipsters). This can make it damn near impossible to get a drink some nights. Overall I really like what they're doing here (they support local artists and businesses, etc) and as I said, the food and drinks are quite good, but it doesn't always feel like my crowd or atmosphere.The BF and I happened upon Teri's today while hunting wild produce at the the Italian Market and the sky became an ominous thunder-storm color. It looked a little funky from across the street but the menu looked good and the fact that there chalkboard advertised Kick-ass Omelettes (i heart curse words in advertising) we ducked for cover. I went simple with some over med eggs, home fries and rye toast but my BF was daring and threw caution to the wind and went for the corn pancakes with chive butter and a fried egg. served with maple syrup which sounds strange but it was the perfect combination of savory and sweet. While my choice was good but standard his pancakes were the Kick-ass choice at our table. I only wish they had turkey bacon on the menu. (we are trying to abstain from pork/red meat)
Our server was really cool, he let us on to the fact that they have a dinner menu wed-sun in which if you BYOB and bring your receipt from the Wine and Spirit Shoppe you get five bucks off your bill. Even without that incentive the dinner menu, while short, looked promising. The Caramelized Onion and Gorgonzola Tart with port wine syrup appetizer and the fair selection of fish entree's is what I'm coming back for.Located smack-dab in the heart of the Italian Market, Teri's is a popular spot for South Philly locals to hang out, drink, and catch the occasional live music performance; that is, if no one is playing at Connie's Ric Rac next door.  My first time at Teri's was when my theater group hosted a benefit luau for an upcoming production.  We had a couple surf rock bands perform, but the space, in my opinion was a bit small for the size of the crowd we ended up having, much less our merchandise table and some additional vendors, so a number of people hung out in clusters outside.  Sound quality was pretty decent, and I was happy to be able to nurse a can of Strongbow for most of the evening, so I'd return for another show!This is a solid diner with excellent service. The food wasn't spectacular, but was a good deal for the money.
One minor complaint: the waiter didn't know the difference between maple syrup and the maple-flavored corn syrup most restaurants serve with pancakes. I asked, and was told it was maple syrup, but got maple-flavored corn syrup instead. I don't really expect a low-end diner to have real maple syrup (although I'd gladly pay extra for it if they did) but they should at least know the difference and be able to tell me what they're offering.I'm not sure why more people haven't written about the astonishingly bad service here. I live only a few blocks away and i wanted to like this place so much. 
About a year and a half ago when I moved to the neighborhood i was excited to see a place that i could get an omelet and a beer from 8 am to 2 am. They shitcanned that idea a while ago and don't serve food early any more. Whatever, i get it. They weren't making money for breakfast and lunch. No hard feelings. But thats the only thing that made this place worthwhile. 
I have a few bad service stories about this place. Last one is the best. The bartender was walking to the front while we walked in. We passed her and sat down to see her go to the magic touch to play a game of mahjongg or dirty photo hunt or whatever. She must have made her money for the night because she just left us to rot. After a few minutes we got up and left. 
Spend your money elsewhere. This space is better off as another mexican jeans and cd's spot.Yesterday my roommate said he wanted to try Teri's for brunch. I said, 'you might not like it' and left it at that. So we went.
Half of the tables were empty yet not bussed when we arrived so we picked the one that was closest to clean. We tried ordering Bloody Marys and they were out. We ordered beers. They were out. Finally our third choices were available. Our food did come out quickly and just as ordered, but our ketchup was dirty, the salt and pepper was sticky, and we had no silverware. (At least this time there were clean knives and forks available when I asked. On my first brunch visit we had to wait with our meals in front of us while a preteen busboy did some dishes!) All that being said our food was classic greasy spoon breakfast - delicious. And we spent half of what we normally spend elsewhere. I know my standards are a bit high but Teri's needs a little more work before it becomes part of my brunch rotation.Stopped in here while killing time waiting on a friend who lives in the neighborhood.  I wouldve gone to connies, but they werent open.  This place is a dump.  Smells bad.  Trash everywhere and im not just talking about the employees, and patrons... literal trash all over the side walk.  Saw the bar tender sell someone drugs over the bar in broad day light, not sure what variety.  They didnt even have plain vodka in stock.  Why cant you select zero stars?I haven't had their food as the kitchen closed before I got hungry (assuming around midnight because it was 12:15-ish or so when I asked), but, I was pleased with my first visit. $4 Citywides (and they're PBR tallboys; not 12 oz cans). Great bartender and atmosphere. 
Just be a little careful with the bathrooms; the lock was broken.There are literally hundreds of better shit bars to spend your money at in this town.  
It's not even cheap.DON'T:
come with high expectations
expect to find a clean bathroom
order fancy drinks
be rude to the bartenders
be afraid to walk though the people standing out front
DO:
stand outside and chain smoke
play with the foosball table
order whiskey specials
tip the bartenders a lot
try your best not to get in a bar fight
teri's is not the same bar that it was a few years ago, 
it's strictly a bar not a restaurant.Went for breakfast today. The service was great. Food was really good. Portions were just enough. All around great dining experience. 
Coolest thing: you can buy your friend a beer for the next time they come in. Their name goes on a big board and when they come in and see their name they get the drink you bought them.Teris is a simply great place to eat breakfast.  I would highly recommend the eggs and breakfast meat on a long sarcone's roll.  All their sandwiches are great.  The skinny waiter guy is really attentive and refills drinks without summons.  Highly recommend.Corn Cakes were bad ass, wish it wasn't a weekend only type place BUT I guess that makes it more special. Who do you like more the Uncle you see all the time or the cool Uncle who shows up every couple years and tells you stories of the Alps?I've only been here for brunch so I can't speak to any late night shenanigans here.  
Brunch is awesome.  Cheap and greasy and good - the perfect hangover cure food.  I love the bacon and goat cheese omelet.  The potatoes are awesome (note thought some people are thrown off by the peppers and onions in them - those people are weridos)  It can get crowded by about noon on the weekend and for some reason there is usually one one server.  But he is (the same guy has been there the past two times I've been there so I'll assume he's the regular dude) awesome, friendly and will get your stuff to you as quickly as possible.  The chive pancakes are also awesome.  
Oh and the tots with cheese (it's actually real cheddar) make for an excellent brunch appetizer if you're cool with that sort of thing.  
This really is my new go-to brunch spot.Teri's was alright....but now no happy hour and still serving tiny drinks in plastic cups?
GFY Teri's.Great specials, great food and a sexy staff. Tuesday nights and Saturday nights are my favorite. Try a side of their award winning bloody mary mix with your jalapeno poppers! YUM!NEW FAVORITE PLACE.
Went to Teri's on a Friday night before it got too packed with a couple of friends. I had never been here so I had no idea what to expect. There are lots of booths if you want to sit and enjoy their diner-like food. There is also a bar where you can see where they make all of the food right past it. 
Their beer selection is pretty great. Everything I was in the mood to drink, they had. I enjoyed a Bell's Two Hearted Ale draft then moved on to bottles of Yards PPA. 
A few drinks in, we started to crave food so I took a look at the bar menu. I decided to try the jalepeno poppers with cream cheese. They were SO SO SO good. I never had poppers with cream cheese in the inside and I fell in love. They also have a fantastic spicy mayo (any establishment that serves me a spicy mayo gets extra points in my book).
Apparently, Teri's has just recently become a bar as well as a restuarant, and you could kind of tell. The bartenders were a little all over the place. But hey, anything new has kinks to work out and I wasn't dissatisfied. 
They had some people spinning some jams in the back where there is a modest sized dance floor. I was surprised at the turn out for somewhere so new, but I saw several faces I recognized. This is a great little spot that's guaranteed to blow up any second, so get here before it does!I'm beside myself about this place right now. I went here a couple months ago for a tasty, convenient breakfast in a nice dinery atmosphere with really slow service. Fine- would've given it 4 stars based on that experience. 
I went back today with a friend and we sat down at a dirty table. We waited about 10 minutes and decided to move to the counter so it would be easier for them to clean the table and maybe we'd get service at the counter. We sat at the counter for about 10 minutes and by then the table had been cleaned so we went back to the table. We waited at the table for about 10 minutes and I finally said to the server 'excuse me, when you have a minute, could we get some service?' The server then went into a rant about how when we were at the counter we snapped our fingers at him and were saying 'yo yo yo'- something to this effect and this had upset him to the point that he was not going to serve us. 
My mouth dropped to the floor. We honestly have no idea what he's talking about- until that point we hadn't addressed him. The only thing we could think of was that we had just had a really great weekend, so we were laughing and talking with a lot of charisma so maybe we were talking about something else and he thought we were talking to him.
I calmly explained to him that we didn't do that and that he was mistaken. The conversation went back and forth for a minute, but ultimately he insisted that this is what happened and that he wouldn't serve us. I guess we could've talked to the owner, but we were so stunned and the day was too beautiful to mess with it, so we just left. 
I'm so bummed, I want to like this place so badly.What can I say I'm a sucker for homey breakfast joints, and this one has a full bar.  I can't wait to go back for happy hour.  The price was perfect (under 20 for two including bottomless coffee, omelets, home fries and some delicious cinnamon apples the owner wanted us to try).  The food delicious.  And service was timely and friendly.  I couldn't ask for more.  I just need to make it back to see what happens on the dance floor.I so wanted to like this place as I'm a sucker for dives and diners. Unfortunately they couldn't keep up with even the moderate crowd when we were there for Sunday brunch. Took about 30 mins to get coffee and longer for our food. The food was reasonable, but nothing to write home about. It was pretty great watching trays of shots going by along with eggs and pancakes, though. :) Prices are very reasonable.
So maybe it's better in the evening, but we won't be heading back for brunch anytime soon. We'll plan ahead a bit better and put in an advance seating call for Sabrina's.Yikes. In 2012, we frequented Teri's as our go to spot for brunch and I even wrote a four star review. Fast forward to this weekend in which we walked out (after paying for our OJs of course) after waiting 50 minutes to be served. This may be the norm for a heavily trafficked brunch spot in the city but not a diner with no more than 5 booths. 35 minutes after ordering our waitress comes by to ask what we ordered again as the cook was asking the couple at the bar if they were "in a rush" as it may be awhile. I have never experienced such poor, careless service. What happened Teri's?Improvements made: liquor, regular hours
Improvements needed: more than one server, booths that don't move, ever.
Stop the booths from f###ing moving or I am going to maim my fellow customers.Just went to teri's to see some live jazz, and it was great.  The music was great, and the atmosphere was very laid back.  This was my first time in, and would definitely come back for some more live jazz!   the barmaid was also nice, and did not have fake cheer.  very refreshing.Alright, I know I leave a lot of five star reviews, but I can't help it... Philadelphia just has a lot of great stuff, and I've missed out on the bad so far (yay!)
Teri's is a great breakfast spot right in the middle of the italian market, super super affordable prices and absolutely delicious food. If you want a mouth-gasm try the french toast with walnuts and bananas, SO GREAT! The breakfast burrito is also really awesome and you can pick whatever you want in it. The corn pancakes are delicious (we passed on the ham on top). They're also not lying when they say they have a kickass omelette. Plus how can you beat bottomless mugs of coffee for (i think) 1.50?
I just went here for the first time this week, and I have already gone back twice. I can't get enough.Ohh man, Teri's is so cool!
Its cool in this sort of crust-punk, late-night, drinking on the side walk, this-bike-is-a-pipebomb, eastbay Oakland aesthetic. Not to mention apparently they also have a decent brunch scene going on. Which is difficult to imagine because, 1) I've never been there in the day time and 2) at night the divey-dive bar scene is so entrenched it's hard to imagine the bar lined with pasteled polo's and maxidress clad Jewish-Italian-American Princesses from Jersey (lets be honest, this is still S. Philly).
That not withstanding, the spot is good. Prices are fair considering the reputation which proceeds it. Also, besides the plethora of bike punks, there is a nice mix of industry people, local Mexican boys, and the homeless. Very Philadelphia.We feel a little let down by our trusted fellow yelpers on this one. 
Simply put: Teri's is CHEAP, not gross but not good.I went at lunchtime and the place was dead at 12:30. I thought maybe I should take a hint and leave, but the yelp reviews were so good, that I figured I might as well try anyway.
I sat at the bar and ordered a tuna melt. I must admit, it was really tasty, cooked perfectly, but the noise of the exhaust hood was completely deafening. I could not hear myself think. The whole atmosphere was unwelcoming and uncomfortable. I guess it's more of a bar with good food, rather than a restaurant that serves alcohol. I'll try it at night before I give up on it.The newly reconceptualized Teri's is what South Philly desperately needs - a cheap place to drink, DANCE (!!!), and eat.  Sorry friends, but I don't always feel like hauling ass to Fishtown for a DJ night.
The brunch thing still happens, but at night, Teri's turns into a bar with insanely cheap beers (all drafts are $4 - including Bell's Two Hearted?!?!), adult milkshakes (for $6 - beat that PYT & Bobby's Burger Palace!), cocktails (both of the frozen and standard variety), and bar snacks.  Their curly fries are delicious.
 The vibe is cool and relaxed, and the back part of the bar turns into a dancefloor for rotating DJs.  DJs, take note: move a night or two to Teri's!
Service was hit or miss, particularly with one server, but they've only been doing the bar thing for a few weeks now, so I'm willing to deal with some of the kinks.  
With drinks this cheap, you can take a night off from the PBR (which is only a $1 cheaper than better and higher ABV beers) and have a good time.  I'll be hanging out here frequently, for sure.Used to hold a monthly event here. Bartender lady was very uncool. Complained about our live music and falsely accused attendees of stealing beer from behind the bar she was responsible for attending. I will never do business with this place again.I wanted to like this place, especially given the enthusiastic reviews here.  And our young waiter was attentive, efficient, and very, very nice.  I tried quite a few things on the breakfast menu:  the winners were the caramelized banana French toast and the pancakes with bananas.  Very disappointing were the overcrisped roasted corn pancakes.  I expected the batter to entail some cornmeal, instead, the corn kernels were baked into a very unexciting batter that barely exceeds the quality of instant batter.  While the mushroom and spinach omelette was good, the fried potatoes accompanying the omelette were greasy, pale, and just simply unappetizing.   The coffee was not good quality.  
If not for the great waiter, this would be two stars.  Because of him, I go with A-ok.Princess and I enjoy brunch here just about every weekend.   Food is really good, portions are large, prices are low.Just heard about this place and strolled over there fore a late breakfast.  I was seated and quickly given water and coffee.  Many things on the menu looked good.  I settled on a cheese and bacon omelette with toast and home fries (included in the price).  The omelette was well prepared, though I will comment that the bacon was quite salty, to the point that it interfered with the taste a bit.  The home fries were sliced potatoes mixed with peppers and seasoning and cooked on the griddle.  The ones which got cooked enough were crispy and wonderful.  A few slices of potato stuck together and were undercooked.  Those were less wonderful but still good.  The short order cook was quite grumpy, which is a necessity at a diner.  Service was fast and efficient and everyone was polite, even the grumpy lady.  I would definitely go back to sample those corn pancakes.Went there for breakfast, Had the hangover home fries. Was phenomenal. Our server Lindsey was cool peopl.I've been here multiple times for breakfast and have always left full and pleased. My favorite menu item so far is the steak omlette with cheddar. It comes with toast and really good hash browns (with onions and peppers). The coffee is good and they keep it coming. The best part: the bill is always amazingly low.I live in this area, and enjoy finding great little breakfast places!  This one I was excited to try.  We walked in and got one of the last booths available.  It was about 1pm.  Ordered coffee and water.  Took about 15 mintues to get that, and the coffee was lukewarm.  Never was I asked if I wanted a refill, I had to flag someone down and ask.
Breakfast (srambled eggs) and a chicken cheesesteak took just about an hour.  WTH?  I couldn't believe it took so  long to get.  I saw a young family who came in just after us, get up and walk out at about the 1 hour mark. Too bad!!!  
The eggs were not really scrambled, but I ate them as I was starving!  Husband said his cheesesteak was OK.  Nothing great, not bad either. WE WON'T GO BACK, If you do go you will definitely WAIT!I'll be back to review the food because now I know this is a place I want to visit. Finally a restaurant that protects customers and respects employees by giving them paid sick time off. It's not just the food for me. The business practices mean a lot too! 
 http://www.philly.com/philly/opinion/124334323.htmlWas in Philly sight seeing and wanted to find a breakfast spot that was cheap. Found Teri's based on the various Yelp reviews and I was glad I did. Some might find the neighborhood a little too "blue collar" but I thought it was part of the Philadelphia charm. (Sidewalk fruit and veggie vendors, fire barrels so vendors could keep warm, butcher shops, etc.) 
I ordered the Mambo Italiano omelet (italian sausage, onions, roasted red peppers, and cheese). It was their most expensive omelet at $8.95. It came with a large portion of their great home fries and two pieces of toast. Coffee was only $1 with free refills. I was extremely impressed with my breakfast and will definitely come back.
They have a full bar and one of the more impressive beer selections I've ever seen anywhere, especially a diner.
The place is cheap, friendly, and had great food and drinks. Enough said.2nd time coming here. They make a mean roast pork sandwhich. Draught board and specials menus were up to date. I highly recommend this place :)They have a late happy hour here, so it's the perfect place to head to after the Devil's Den happy hour ends.  They have $1 off cans and other drink specials.  The tater tots here are AWESOME!  I got the cowgirl tots with vegan beef and pepper jack cheese.  It was a HUGE heaping plateful of them that were more than enough for 3 people.  They are just sooo delicious and perfectly crispy.  I can't wait to go back for more tots!I walked in for breakfast and the waiters were sitting in the booths...with their feet ON the tables. Not my thing.
I couldn't sit the booths anyway, the oddly low and long shelves caused me to crouch over the table. Maybe I'm too tall? Still...not comfortable.
I'm sure it would make a great dive bar, but, for breakfast? No thank you.Teri's! Where have you been all my life? My roommate called me on a friday night and said she was meeting some friends at Teri's and wanted to know if I wanted to join. Where? Teri's. Huh? Teri's, it's in the italian market. What? I never go to places in the italian market, for the most part - unless I'm buying produce and/or cheese. I am kicking myself now. Teri's is truly a diamond in the rough, a south philly hidden gem! Go to Teri's and get some food.. don't forget THE TOTS! zomg, I'd go anywhere with tots! Go before the DJ comes on though, it can get loud in there if you're going for dinner. 
If you're looking for some hipster dancing, this is place is for you. Teri's really has something for everyone.This place gets a extra star for trying to do live music. But after seeing the restroom, who would ever eat here? The only upside to my experience is that I was able to carry my beer out onto the sidewalk, thus spending less time actually inside of this establishment.For breakfast and lunch this is a moderately price great option in the Italian Market area. They have all the classics and then some. The place is big - usually no wait and the service is quick and graceful. You can get a decent breakfast way under $10 per person. 
At night they change the place around - dim the lights, play some music and light candles on the tables which gives the location a different ambiance. They have a "Fine Dining" menu which includes steak frites, duck confit and other classics. 
We went there for dinner last night with our bottle of wine and it was overall very good and very affordable. 
We had the steak and the pork chop both very juicy (a tad too salty but definitely tasty). With sides of fries (regular and sweet potatoes) and mashed sweet potatoes and greens respectively. We started with a green salad which was pretty good too. 
It's nice to have this place around as a dining option in our neighborhood and for the price you cannot go wrong.I believe in what Teri's is trying to do. They are expanding their breakfast and lunch establishment into a place where music is dj-ed, drafts are on tap and there's plenty of seating. Teri's location is GREAT...right in the Italian Market. On that side of Washington, Teri's symbolizes a ray of hope... that South Philly is a place where young people can get hammered, get some great food and have plenty of options nearby in case your crew is at odds. Facts: food is cheap and just alright, it's BYO, beer is average priced, service is polite and it's building a fan base for the tattooed and young in South Philly.The food was cheap but also prepared really well. I went with a friend during happy hour and we got dinner as well. 
The place was pretty dead and the waiter was pretty cool about providing fast service. I've been to other diners in Philly and I would have to admit that I would treck from Northern Liberties to see this one again. 
Have I mentioned that the food is good and the drinks are cheap ? - It's worth saying it again.. i'm a cahs strapped college student, and I wouldn't think twice about going with a slim wallet to this place. So if you want a good meal with nice atmosphere, fast service, and awesome drinks on the cheap, check this place out..
I will have to agree that it would be great for just hanging out and unwinding, a cozy date, or even just dinner for yourself.I've been meaning to check Teri's out for...well, a while...and finally made it for brunch this past Sunday afternoon with a friend. 
I think we walked in around 1:00pm-ish and there were plenty of available booths and seats at the bar - though the place did fill up a bit after we were seated - I guess we arrived between waves. 
In any case - the place has a great attitude without looking or feeling like it's trying too hard. Diner/dive-y in a way that isn't "hipster" (see Bill D.'s review for a great explanation of this), but you also feel safe touching things. 
My friend and I ordered the Mambo Italiano omelet (sharp provolone, roasted red peppers, hot sausage, onions), the french toast with bananas and walnuts and a side of bacon to split. Food was great, well proportioned and very reasonably priced. Bacon was cooked to (my) perfection without me even specifying what (my) perfection was and we had a water pitcher all to ourselves, also without asking. Love that. The only thing that was not to perfection were the walnuts on the french toast - the walnuts were raw and were a little hard and bitter to eat - perhaps use the walnuts that come in the jar in all the gooey stuff (or rather, some homemade version of the gooey stuff)?
Lots of knick knacks and crafty fixtures interspersed here and there. Service was relaxed and pleasant. My coffee cup was never empty. We lingered over our meal for quite a while - a very comfortable Sunday brunch and I'll definitely return.When the line for Sabrina's is way too long, there's no need to worry- or wait. There are plenty of other breakfast options in the Italian Market neighborhood! Fitzwater Cafe is definitely my most favorite, but last Sunday morning I was itching to try somewhere new. I whipped out my Yelp App which directed me towards Teri's, which is located just past Washington on 9th. 
I couldn't stop staring after we sat down in our booth. The beer bottle decor (cute and kitschy), the clientele (which ranged from super hip to super elderly), the DJ spinning oldies hits in the back corner (11am on a Sunday, people!), it was all too much. I couldn't even stop looking at the menu. $3 for a breakfast sandwich? Toto, we're definitely on the other side of Washington now. 
Our server was friendly and the food came out quick- but I have to admit I wished my eggs tasted like they do at Sabrina's. My goat cheese and mushroom omelet was STUFFED with goat cheese (dare I say, too much?) and the mushrooms were marinated in some kind of balsamic vinaigrette, which I wish I had known before I ordered it. The homefries were greasy without any crunch (I love the crunch, I NEED the crunch).The pre-buttered toast tasted kinda like refrigerator. 
It's not that I wouldn't ever go back- I would. But next time I think i'll just suffer the line a few blocks North...I took my mom, her friend and my sister here, rambling about how good it was and how it was my favorite breakfast spot, etc. When we first arrived it took the server forever to get us water, coffee and menus (we think he was new). The coffee was cold so I'm in my seat thinking "dammit, I've never gotten cold coffee from Teri's before." When the cook came around with our food (super fast as usual) she noticed most of our coffees were untouched and got us new (hot) cups with steaming hot coffee.
The food was delicious as always (we got a belgian waffle, eggs, scrapple, lots of bacon, and lots of potatoes with onions and peppers). The bill was staggeringly low and we left happy... as always.I have been here for brunch about six times and I always go before 11:00 a.m.  The service has always been polite and efficient. The coffee is fresh and hot.  The food is affordable and the potatoes are amazing. I would recommend getting an omelet with cream cheese and tomato.  Just an FYI: The mushrooms are marinated and one of my friends detests them, but I don't think they are bad. But I also don't think they are particularly good. The breakfast burrito comes on a large plate as a sad little lump with no potatoes. If you want to be reduced to begging your smarter tablemates for some of their potatoes, then order the burrito. 
I ordered the Bloody Mary once and regretted it. I tried to entice everyone at the table to help me drink it, while usually I will not give someone a sip of my bloody. It was strong and horrid tasting and I think the mix included onions and no horseradish. I had heard it was good, but apparently the person who regularly makes the mix was MIA. However, I will continue to go for their affordable brunch sans Mary.I'm adding stars simply because i've been back for brunch several times and the service has been excellent! Maybe they were still working out some kinks when i had gone before. I've sat at a table and the waiter will bring us over 4 glasses of water, then leave a full, icy pitcher at the table. I've also eaten at the bar and couldnt complain about a single, little thing. I still only come here at night to pick up a six-pack to go. But if you are looking for a great diner experience, you will find it at Teri's.Mel and I went to Teri's last Sunday based soley on Yelper reviews. Good call, fellow Yelpers!!!
-We got there at the perfect time: about 11:15. The place was in the lull between breakfast and lunch and we had the place practically to ourselves for a bit.
-Chatted with Teri and another woman I suspect is her mom. I said I was excited to try the french toast with frosted flakes. She sadly told me she didn't do those anymore and actually apologized that she didn't have ingredients to whip up a batch for me.
-We had a pretty standard breakfast of omelette, waffle, bacon, sausage, toast, and home fries. All was delicious.
-The home fries are out of this world. Get them no matter what you're having!!!!!
-Breakfast for 2 was $17.00. An absolute bargain when considering the size of the portions, quality of ingredients, and the talent that cooked our meal. Add in that they were nice folks and you have a place I'll visit every chance I get!
-The only reason I didn't give it 5 stars was the lack of Frosted Flake French toast. Teri, I'm holding that star hostage until I get that French Toast!I've walked by Teri's like a million times and then forgot about it. subsequently have had way too many breakfasts at Sabrina's that I could have had at Teri's.  I don't exactly hate Sabrina's but I find their omelets to  hard and their pancakes somewhat terrifying.  But enough about them.
My first Teri's experience was a breakfast sandwich to go. It was my birthday, I was on my way to work at 8 am and wanted a treat. 
OMG first off all they totally let me mix hot chocolate in my coffee, which I love. Then when I got to work (I even got my coworker a sandwich, birthdays make me magnanimous) I opened up my sandwich and was soo happy it was everything I wanted! I asked for the eggs over easy, which they did without question, so it was oozy and cheesy and drippy with yolk plus really good bacon..ahhhh on a seeded crusty roll. Needless to say there was no birthday lunch.
Then again I totally forgot about Teri's until a week or so ago when I met a friend for Sunday brunch there at her suggestion.
Our server was super nice, I got there early, he gave me coffee and I decided I loved him. 
Looking through the menu, thinking of a my former breakfast sandwich I was curiously drawn to the roasted corn pancakes with glazed ham, chive butter and a fried egg, though I wasn't sure about the ham (don't like big ole pink chunky slices of ham),
Now I am not a pancake kind of girl, exception being the blueberry pancakes at the Dutch Eating Place in Reading Terminal, which are magical.  I often try to bully someone else into getting pancakes so I can have a bite but it hardly ever works, I suspect others have a similar agenda.  I may have mentioned that I am scared of the pancakes at Sabrina's and Carmen's because they just have too much stuff, like candy bars and whipped cream, they more like sundaes than breakfast.  
When my friend arrived I let her know that I not only loved our server but suspected that the pancakes may be God's breakfast and she had to get an omelet, which being a good friend she did. She got a Kick Ass Omelet with Italian sausage, provolone, peppers and onions. And we both had OJ which was standard not fresh squeezed or anything, but was poured from a pitcher in to a human sized glass which I thought was a nice touch ( I had mine with ice and got a free refill since the ice took up room in the glass, very nice)
OK so My pancakes arrived..and the eggs on top was just a wee bit too under done for me ( the white was still translucent and wobbly and I asked nicely if they could just give it another couple of seconds on the grill, which they did and it was totally my fault as I should have asked for it over easy)
When my pancakes came back I was so pleased, the ham was not part of the butter but it was in thin slices with a bit of a crispy edge. The pancakes were tender and filled with corn, and the chive butter was perfect. I put syrup on half and broke the yolk on the other side and it was breakfast nirvana, salty, sweet, chewy, onion-y, buttery all kinds of nice textures from the corn and the ham edges..whooohooo.
It was so good that it took me at least 4 minutes to offer my friend a piece so I could get a bite of her omelet., I graciously gave her a nice big piece with all the components and was rewarded in turn with a tender omelet bite with really good red peppers, spicy sausage, sweet onions...lovely, delicious but i did not experience order envy I was totally pleased with my Pancakes of God. 
I have to say this ranks with two other breakfast epiphany's 1) Fried egg, frisee, pancetta & Gorgonzola on a chiabtta roll at Wich'Craft in NYC and  2) Poached eggs on crispy potato pancakes with slice of fresh summer red ripe tomato , apple wood smoked bacon & chive hollandaise at a place that no longer exists. TERI'S IF YOU ARE READING THIS:  MAKE THESE THEY ARE AWESOME (but don't use a tomato that is not perfect or you'll f it up)
 I said a fond fare well to our server and waddled out if Teri's in to the Sunday sun, headed towards a brief nap and some crossword puzzling in my garden, vowing never to to forget them again. ( And to get back there for dinner, ASAP)I'll start by saying this, great beer at a insanely cheap price. I love to try new beer when i have the chance and to walk just three block from my house and find a cool bar with a great atmosphere and a wide variety of beer is worth five stars in my book. To add on to the already great vibe this place give I will say that the people who work here are really nice and attentive. The manager Joey is always so nice and knows exactly what kind of beer to choose for me when I am looking for something new! I'm looking forward to some free time so i can come back here to eat drink and be merry! Hopefully Joey is there to chat with and to help me make good selections. Overall Great beer, great prices, great food, and very cool manager!I've walked by Teri's a few times and thought "that's a horrible font for a sign." Eventually it occurred to me that it looked like an appealing little diner, so the boyfriend and I decided to check it out.
We rolled in at noon or so on a Saturday and the place was dead. They had catchy '80s music blaring like it was a trendy night club (do trendy night clubs play '80s music?). It made me happy.
We sat ourselves and barely glanced at the menu. I knew I wanted the corn pancake/ham/egg combo based on my Yelp stalking, and my boyfriend has the bad habit of always ordering two fried eggs, potatoes and rye toast. 
S.M.'s description of the corn pancake dish is spot on. Heaven. My only complaint from this visit is that our food sat around for about 5 minutes because the server wasn't paying attention.
My second visit was even better. I had the same dish, but this time I stole some of my boyfriend's potatoes and oh. my. god. Teri's home fries [insert 'greater than' symbol] Sabrina's/Sam's/Sulimay's/Other popular S breakfast places. They were cooked until soft, so if you prefer crispy stick to Sabrina's. I don't know what seasoning they use, but there was a little kick to 'em. And perfectly fried onions. And other small tidbits I devoured without thinking about.
The service was better this time, too. A friendly elderly gent (the owner?) refilled my coffee when the only other employee was busy. The other employee was attentive and basically knew what we needed before opening our mouths. She cooked our meal too. She was great.
This review is already rambly, but I have to mention this: the gent I mentioned earlier crafted hanging lights from old beer bottles. They're fantastic.what other place in south philly is perfect for brunch and nightlife??? been here for both, left happy both times!! the pancakes are incredible. the adult milkshakes are incredible. service was inconsistant.I hate when someone sits in the booth behind me and moves the back of the booth. That happens here all the time.A bit loud, otherwise perfect.  Adult milkshakes are tasty, all drinks are appropriately priced, attracts a good, diverse crowd of folks.I love this place. You get the feeling from high school that you're hanging with your friends in a basement...it's just that this basement serves awesome food. Come here for the Cowgirl Tots, you won't be disappointed. AND bottomless brunch! Omg, $25 for unlimited mimosas....'nuff said.Just took my two nieces there for breakfast and the bill was $20! It was a great value for the price, no waiting, awesome food and the service was terrific.  This was my first time, but I look forward to becoming a regular.  The waiter said they're adding dinner service back by the time summer rolls around - can't wait!I love breakfast and I'm a DDD (Diners Drive ins and Dives) kinda dude (Sans Glasses behind my head and douchey haircut.) Teri's is the Mecca of DDD breakfast. I seriously love it there and don't get to go enough.  I know Philly loves there Tater Tots and RC Cola...BUT... Teri's and their Home fries.In a word; WOW.
 Service is tattooed, quick with the jokes and the food. There's a family vibe with the people that work there. The dcor is plastic flowers in emptied out Royal Crown bottles and dollar store jesus candles. The Bloody Marys are pretty damn good there's some Italian omlete on the board and mention here on the reviews indoctrinate yourself with that if vegetarian you still got options. 
 You can go to the hipster frittata joints and wait an hour for your leisure class brunch, keep it. I'll get my surly diner breakfast on at Teri's.My friend told me Sabrina's had too long of a line and that most people come here instead.  First thoughts:  is this another pretentious yuppie place?  Sat down at a booth while the 2 girls working there just stared at us.  When my friend got up to ask if we order at the front, she promptly told us she'd be right with us (as she kept talking to her friend).  The only guy waiter (and the only one working besides the chef) came over.  Really nice guy.  Started to feel better about this place.
Now onto the food!  I got the feta cheese omelet with hash browns.  Could've used a little more feta but pretty good.  My friend got the french toast with bananas and walnuts.  OMG why didn't I get that too???  Oh and the best part of all..$1 unlimited coffee.I've never managed to get up early enough on the weekend to try the good diner breakfast that pals have told me of. Usually end up wandering to Teri's in the Italian Market during non-busy, after-brunch hours when there are sometimes less than a handful of other souls. 
I feel very Jarmuschy at Teri's during these times. So sitting at the counter of a dark diner and drinking reminds me of something outta a Jim Jarmusch film? I'm not gonna delve too far into this rambling to make you try to understand that, especially since there's a good chance that statement may make very little sense. I just blurt these things out. That's what I do now. I feel Jarmuschy there, and that's the way it is.
Another thing I do is say, "Nah, nah, I'm alright," when my rollin buddy suggests that we spilt tater tots. He then orders them anyway cause he's knows that I'm fulla not-willpower and I will certainly be getting down with some chilli and cheese smothered tater tots. They're filthy good. I recall a very tasty grilled cheese at some point too.
Another thing, I do appreciate Teri's can-can happy hour. $2 dollar cans. $2 cans have altered many of my plans...and so then we end up stayin much later as the place gets super packed and we talk about if we are liking the music or not. We keep goin back.