I order from here almost once a week. Only place to trust sushi in south Philly. Food is never a let down.Best sushi in South Philly.  We order from here at least once a week and I love the Rock'n Roll and Christine Roll.  Everything else we've had has been delicious too, but those are our go to!Super friendly, the manager is great. Workers also lovely. Have ordered delivery and dined in. Not super fancy, especially the outside, but inside is decent. Good prices. Sushi fresh although have only had that twice. I've ordered General Tso tofu, veggie ho fun, scallion pancakes, crab rangoon, chicken mei fun... all really good. Fast delivery. Love these guys, used to order religiously from China House sushi but they are too rude for me so I'm sticking with Terryin.I'm kind of really on the fence about this place, which sucks because I live two blocks from here and having a sushi place that close to my house is basically a dream come true. I just, ugh, I guess I caught this place on a bad day. 
So after a total night of debauchery, I some how got convinced that raw fish would be the best hangover cure (note: it is not but that's not a reference to this place). I had been meaning to try it because several people had told me it was pretty good. My group of 7 showed up about 15 minutes after they had opened and they clearly didn't look prepared for us. Whatever, I take forever to set up the restaurant at my job too. The server was nice and gave us ample time to decide on our meal without hovering. The menu looked really good, and they offer a LOT of maki rolls both raw and cooked, as well as ample Chinese food selections as well. I went with the Philly roll and the crunchy spicy tuna roll lunch special deal (2 rolls and miso soup or a soda can for less than $8!), and shared the crab rangoon appetizer. The crab rangoons were good, but then again you can't really screw up pre-cooked and deep-fried things. The sushi was pretty decent, actually. It wasn't the most amazing thing in the world but I would definitely be perfectly content ordering it again. Everyone else seemed to like their food too, and it was all fairly priced. 
Unfortunately, the service is where things fell apart and subtracted from what would've been a 4-star rating. I feel like the server got disorganized because things were kind of in disarray. She forgot to bring out my miso soup, which I did promptly get after I asked, and she also neglected to tell the sushi chef to plate certain rolls separately. Two of my friends ordered the spicy crab roll, and both rolls came out on a plate containing the sushi order of someone else at the table. Another roll was completely forgotten as well. Paying was also complicated because we were told that we couldn't use multiple credit cards, which would've been nice to known at the beginning of the meal. Finally, I was kind of looking forward to having a hair-of-the-dog cocktail since their sign advertises it to be a bar as well, but as we walked inside there was a sign saying that their liquor license was sold and it was now BYO. Again, that would've been nice to prior to going so we could've stocked up. I feel like this place really needs to get it together in terms of organization but they just don't seem to care much.
Luckily their take-out business seems to be doing better than their actual service so I definitely see myself getting food to go over dining. After all, when it comes to sushi in this part of the city you can't really be that picky.What a surprise! This place is amazing! 
The sushi was fresh and delicious! The portion was great and the service was awesome too! 
The place is super small and I believe the kitchen is down in the basement, so you see the chefs going up and down the stairs while trying to prepare sushi/Japanese food up at the sushi bar! 
I am always hesitate about sushi being NOT in a fancy restaurant, but this place is just awesome... I will go back over and over again!Went with a few girl friends during the day on a weekday and the place was empty. The food was average. The service was average. The ambience is average. Nothing horrible, and nothing to write home about. There's a nice nail salon across the street with excellent massage chairs and friendly staff..Haven't received my order yet but placed it 2 hours ago- said delivery would be within an hour. Will not be ordering again. Took 8 phone calls to finally reach the restaurant for them to tell me my order was on the way 30 minutes ago.Really great sushi that's inexpensive and luckily for me, near my house. Their Chinese was pretty good but we only had it once. My only real complaint (which we did say to them) is that when picking up our order, we constantly get told that it'll be 20 minutes, then we end up waiting for a good 30 minutes after arrival.I love this place. We always get sushi delivered and everything has always been very good! The sushi is also fresh and the prices are not bad!My first time here. My food was very good. We all ordered sushi. Very tasty. An extensive menu.  The price is very very reasonable. This will definately be my sushi place. And they deliver!!!!was on the hunt for an easy / not too fancy sushi dinner with my husband and we came across this on snyder and saw some pretty good reviews. we were the only ones in the place so i feel like we had a pretty great experience, the phones were ringing a ton so i feel like the business here has to be pretty popular. since we dined in we got to experience the cucumber water, which is super refreshing! we ordered edamame which was also pretty good (a little salty) and some sushi, which came surprisingly fast. everything was really good, i will say the only complaint was we never got a refill on the water and sometimes wasabi can be pretty dehydrating but other than that for quick and easy sushi this place did really well!We stumbled upon this place after a disastrous effort up the street at Flat Rock.
I was not really in the mood for sushi so I was glad to see that their menu had alternatives as well. I ended up with a spicy noodle dish that I totally enjoyed.  My friends also enjoyed their selections.
We thought the ambiance was nice and clean and modern.  
I would return one day when I am more in the mood to fully enjoy their menu.great hidden gem in the neighborhood you wouldn't imagine the sushi there could be so good. I traveled to Philadelphia from San Diego for the weekend and just wanted to find something close to the ballpark. Terryin was such a great find via Yelp. The sushi is yum and the eggdrop soup is one of the best I eve tasted.Hot damn, this place is official like a ref with a whistle.  I'll preface this review by letting you know that although I'm moving to Kensington next month, I will definitely be making the trek to the Deep South for this place.  I only wish I had tried it sooner!
I came here after (long after) it came recommended by Timothy D.  It's a no frills Chinese food/sushi bar.  I was greeted by the two sushi chefs who were throwing together orders with great speed and precision.  I took a seat at the sushi bar and browsed the menu for a minute even though I pretty much knew what I came here for.  I went with 2 pieces of maguro and 2 pieces of unagi and a small order of General Tso's chicken with white rice.  I know, a Japanese sushi order and one of the most Americanized Chinese dishes there is.  While the one chef started on my nigiri the other guy went and prepared me some tea.  The sushi was nice and fresh and of course well prepared.  I even think the wasabi may have been actual wasabi and not horseradish with food coloring (though I'm not really 100% sures).  About 10 more minutes passed and my chicken came out of the kitchen.  I'll be honest, it's not the greatest I've had (Lakeside Chinese Deli, how I miss thee), but it was better than any other jawn down in South Philly I've tried.  
My only complaint?  Not one, but two Eagles songs were experienced playing during my visit.  This was easily remedied by taking another piece of unagi and placing it in my stomach.Best General Tso in south philly! Cant beat the cheap prices on lunch and dinner combination platters! They also have great sushi! Is it the best sushi in the world? No....but its pretty awesome. Not often you have a place that does great sushi, and chinese food. The people who work there are always super friendly,  and the food is always done very fast.  I've recommended Terryin to all my neighbors!This place is the BEST when you feel like asian food and can't decide between chinese or japanese. I am not a fan of sushi. But damn it all do I go crazy when I eat their King Dragon rolls, or their California rolls. 
The overall cost was pretty cheap, and the inside is really attractive. I scored a lot of points taking girls out here.Much better than I expected.  This place seriously doesn't look like much or any good from the outside signage and appearance but I would have to admit that I was very pleased with my meal, price, and presentation.  
I ordered the sesame chicken dinner special with pork friend rice and egg roll. (the usual take out combo).  It came out on a dish with a nice presentation and the sesame chicken wasn't drowned in sauce.  The chicken was still nice and crisp.  Prices are really great too.  You can get sushi here too.I expected more because I read all these awesome reviews beforehand.  The sushi is fine, but I expected it to be cheaper pretty much because it's a no frills little place and a little out of the way.  There's a $15 minimum for credit cards and it was dead in here when I came around early dinner time.  I like to see lots of people eating because then I know the food will be really fresh because there's a good turnover.  I don't think this is worth the trip if you usually frequent a place in center city like I do with the same prices.Volcano roll, best roll I have ever had!!! Owner very nice, came to table and chatted with us. I like that touch.$8.10 is my new favorite number. $8.10 is the cost of a lunch of two rolls and miso soup, every day of the week! None of this Monday-Friday nonsense. Add on one more roll and the cost only increases by about $3.00. I don't think that any of the special rolls on their menu topped $9.00, and even their chinese lunch menu combinations did not exceed $5.00
I was out picking a few things up from Target and decided today was a good day to try this sushi place that has been popping up alot on the Yelp radar and I'm so glad that I remembered it before settling for some Ikea meatballs. I ordered a spicy crunchy tuna roll and spicy crab roll with a miso soup and brought it home to enjoy. There isn't much seating availabe and the gray walls could be lightened up a bit to make it a little more cheerful.
The miso soup wasn't that great, it seemed like they used two different consistencies of tofu one that was much more spongy than the other and the miso paste used was still a little too grainy for my taste. The rolls were surprisingly good though for the price, the spicy tuna was so fresh I even found a prize, a little piece of bone. I can't even hate on that because I know that the quality for the price will not be beat in the city. I used to think that if I was waiting on a paycheck that I couldn't afford to eat what I love, but this place has made it possible again.Great Japanese/Chinese spot with cheap sushi. Their sake selection isn't half bad either. I remember when they first opened and went there with my friends when we were younger. It's kinda dim inside, I don't know about how it is now though. I liked their sushi and as Darlene said, it's inexpensive. So us being kids and having a Chinese/sushi spot in South Philly was a no brainer for us. We basically went there every other weekend to hang out and eat.
I definitely have to go there again with my old friends to reminisce. 
Really great sushi that's inexpensive and luckily for me, near my house.What a great place to have near by for a quick pick up or delivery. Their sushi are great and always so fresh. I have never dined in, but believe it is a byob. They run a couple of specials for lunch and dinner, so your meal won't break a bank. I think I've ordered from them 10 times in the last couple of weeks! They are always friendly and super quick (10-15 min take out turn-around time)I've tried sushi delivery at almost every place in south Philly and Terryin is definitely the freshest. Great lunch special 3 rolls for $11.50! I've been getting that for lunch and it's still delicious to eat for dinner and the next day. This is my new go to.I enjoyed eating here. It was that japanese chinese combination that attracted me because then that means they would have more options for me. Haven't been in a while but when I came food was okay and so was service. It wasn't too busy then either. Almost forgot about it because of it's location. Hey as long as there is parking I will stop by... on my way to the library a few blocks down. :-)This place use to be awesome but I've noticed the decline in the quality of their food. The beef and broccoli I ordered was ridiculously fatty, the vegetables were mushy. The sushi use to be pretty good but the quality of that has also taken a dive. I got a little sick off of one of the rolls. Please don't skimp on the freshness. This place use to rock! What happened?Yay! A delicious sushi spot in Pennsport, surprisingly enough. They have several vegetarian options. The sweet potato tempura rolls are AMAZING. I can't comment on the Chinese or Thai options here, but the sushi is fresh, well-crafted, and tasty!This place has amazing sushi and the employees are really great. Price wise you can't ask for better and the quality of the food exceeds it.Got take out from this place and it was pretty good! We got chicken and broccoli, fried dumplings, crab rangoon, a cucumber roll, and an avocado roll.
I like that the fried dumplings weren't completely fried, just the bottom was. And their definition of fried means pan seared, which is my favorite kind of dumpling. 
The sushi was cheap and good. Really difficult to mess up a cucumber and an avocado roll. Nothing to write home about, but that's the nature of the sushi we got.
The chicken and broccoli was really tasty. They gave you a big portion of chicken and broccoli but only a little bit of rice! that's my only complaint here.
Crab rangoons were delicious cause they're crab rangoon. It's perfection.
Delivery charges were really cheap and took about an hr to get here. Would order again if I'm in the neighborhood!Good food and good prices. Service is extremely poor. Order is messed up almost everytime and often lied to regarding wait times.Sushi is great and the delivery is quick. Their chicken dishes leave a lot to be desired. Good local spot for delivery.The sushi was fresh and was delivered in a timely manner. The crunchy tuna is a little underwhelming with the crunch, but it still tastes good. Highly recommend the crunchy salmon.For me, Terryin deserves to be known more than it actually is...and this is because they do so much right, eapecially when it comes to sashimi and sushi. They are one of the few places with such a wide selection of choices, and their prices, service and delivery speed are all outstanding. Nothing is on the menu just to be there: it is there because they make it well. Fantastic stuff!Great sushi,  fair prices, good chinese food as well. The people who work there are super nice and polite! Will definitely order againSome of the best takeout ever! They always make everything to order fresh and its consistently delicious. Orange chicken and the avocado salad are my favorites!Inexpensive but not worth it. Spicy tuna roll looked/smelled/tasted foul, had to throw it out. General Tso's chicken was subpar, couldn't eat more than a few bites. Crab ragoons were decent, but it's hard to mess that up. In the end, I had to throw out more food than I ate. I won't be ordering from again.Awesome sushi. It truly is a great sushi place and at a price that is very friendly. Plus, it happens to be the only sushi place in south Philly. Win Win all around. Try the dragon roll, delicious.I remember when they first opened and went there with my friends when we were younger. It's kinda dim inside, I don't know about how it is now though. I liked their sushi and as Darlene said, it's inexpensive. So us being kids and having a Chinese/sushi spot in South Philly was a no brainer for us. We basically went there every other weekend to hang out and eat. 
I definitely have to go there again with my old friends to reminisce.Delicious sushi and fair prices. Super fast delivery service even when it was snowing! Also have eaten in the restaurant and staff was very friendly and welcoming.Ordered for delivery from this place before. I was sitting with my cousin eating and I'm focused on my sushi all hungry and such, I ask "what did you get?" He was silent then goes "A f**kin hair in my sushi!* I look up from my sushi rolls and sees a long strand of hair. I was shocked. He called the place up to complain and he was mortified for eating half of it. They re-delivered but after this, they stopped delivering such far distances into South Philly.
2 Years Later, decided to give it another shot. A strand of hair will be easier to complain about in the actual joint. 
Went there on a rainy friday night with a friend because we were craving sushi. Found parking on the block. It was pretty empty, but we were seated in the back by this middle aged asian woman with a ponytail. She seemed nice at first. Gave us our menus and came to ask if we were ready after 2 minutes of sitting down. We hadn't checked the menu yet. Wondered why she came over so fast when the place was empty. I don't know. Well, she gave us our water. When she took our orders, she didn't understand what I was saying so she repeated things very fast and arrogantly. This look of anger came across her face and I'm just like "wow this woman is really yelling at me right now" my friend just gave me this look like "yeah..why did she just yell at you like that?" I had no clue, anyone know? Let me know. She's lucky I did not take offense to it. You don't yell at your customers if they're asking a simple question about the menu and they don't get what you're saying. I found that very rude.
However, the rest of the stay was fine. I had my night to enjoy and not let all this ruin it. I tipped 15% because I was yelled at. I consider that generous. 
I'd say the food was fair for the price. Tried King Dragon roll, not too shabby. Especially in South Philly. I don't think I will be going back though.Been going here since 2007. Great Japanese/Chinese spot with cheap sushi. Their sake selection isn't half bad either.The order arrived in the time promised, doing it through the app was easy. The sushi was much better than I expected from a delivery place and fresh but overall kind of bland. Still it's reasonable price and availability would get my business again, it wasn't bad just would have enjoyed a little more of the sauces they put on the sushi you order. The Chinese food portion of the order, General Tso Chicken dinner was excellent. Chose spicy option and it was just right. The egg rolls are amazing. Definitely worth ordering extra. Will use this service again, recommend this business.Terryin is probably one of those places that you would miss when you walk by it but definitely great food. I used to order from Terryin every chance I got from work. Their sushi is great. And the good part about it is, they have more than just sushi. The menu is lengthy with tons of choices but not too large that you can't make a decision. You can eat in there or have your food delivered.After reading the yelp weekly email "Yelpin' In the Raw"  this morning, I found myself grocery shopping in South Philly.  I got a craving for sushi and remembered Terryin from the email this morning (thanks Yelp email!). 
So after a little detour, I found a parking spot right out front (which is always a plus in South Philly).  When I went inside, it was just me, the sushi chef and a server, so I pulled up the first seat at the sushi bar.  I looked over the roll options for the lunch special (3/$10.75, 2/$7) and ordered the tuna, salmon, yellowtail rolls and miso soup.  
The miso soup was ok, but the rolls were very good, the fish was fresh  and the rice was a bit sweeter than I am used too, but I like it since the rolls I ordered were so plain.  I was impressed when i saw the size of the rolls, usually single fish rolls are small, and short on protein, but this sushi chef wasn't shy with the seafood.  When i saw him lay out the fish for the rolls it brought a smile to my face. 
The only drawback to Terryin is the ambiance.  It has gray painted walls with no decorations, so it isn't the fanciest of joints, which I didn't mind at all since I was getting lunch by myself, and there was no music playing.  I wouldn't suggest going here on a date, but if you want some good sushi for a great price, give Terryin a try.So my wife and I went for lunch a few weeks ago and I'll say the food was not too bad. We both had the lunch specials (she had the two roll, I had the three roll) which came with Miso soup and salad. We also ordered the Tempura appetizer which came from the basement which was a little weird. It was not crowded and the food came out quickly and the service was very good. I'd probably go back again.Ok.  Never eaten in the restaurant, but have had their delivery several times both Chinese and Japanese.  It inexpensive, good quality, and taste great.  Delivery for a fairly large sushi order was an hour, but I know seems long but well worth it.  Highly recommend if you are at home sick and need food or just hungry for Asian fare.  This is a little South Philly treasure.Having just moved to pennsport, I am still figuring out the best spots for everything, and I stumbled on a yelp review for this place, and then I found it on my running route.  So, yesterday, I finally ordered from this place, and  I got a spring roll and three rolls for $15.  Nothing fancy, but a great value for having it show up at my front door.  I totally want to try this place in person and see if I can add another star. I'm not sure if it's the best sushi I ever had but for the price and proximity it's pretty awesome!Sushi was great and reasonable priced I work in the pest control industry and I have been to some sketchy restaurants and sushi being one of them so I will be honest I was skeptical at first but I was very satisfied me and my crew will be back for lunch again.This place is great for the fact that they are super close to my home. My boyfriend eats here once a week and loves it. The prices are great and the sushi is fresh. So why the 3 stars..? I would like some more veg/vegan options for myself. The atmosphere and service were good though.I live right around the corner from this little spot. I would still come here for sushi. The sushi is consistently pretty darn good. And they have some inventive specialty rolls. However the real star is the price. You can fill up on delicious sushi for what 2 rolls cost at most places. It is not the kind of place I would go with a sushi snob, but for being right around the corner, I am all about it.If you find yourself in Pennsport looking for a sushi fix, look no further (not that there is anywhere else to go!). Last night I had the Philly roll, spicy tuna, Christine (Eel, Spicy Tuna, Avocado, rolled in tempura sprinkles and covered in roe), Dynamite roll (Crab, Salmon and asparagus, deep fried), and Cali roll I believe. 
The specialty rolls were really good, and all of them were above average. And the bill was $30. We brought our own Sake, and they heated it up for us. Very polite and great service. They also infuse their water with lemon, which is a very refreshing twist when eating their fresh sushi. I am not sure if they sell alcohol, it appears other people have gotten beer and sake there. But we brought a bottle of organic sake and they did not charge any corkage and graciously heated it for us. 
Our fellow diner was vegan and he loved the miso, asparagus roll, and tofu General Tso's. I tried the Tso's and it was really quite tasty. If you are into that sort of thing. We were all very content, and the wallet was left intact. I will certainly be back. One word of advice. I ordered delivery from there a while back. It was just your average run of the mill crappy Chinese. I was not impressed. As a side note, does anyone know anywhere that has some really good Chinese delivery in South Philly?Don't be deceived by the looks. This place makes awesome sushi and the manager/sushi chef are very nice. Amazing prices and good sushi.Food is delicious but poor customer service.
Long story short. Order was wrong. We called back asking for our correct order and we were asked to pay for our meal again.DISGUSTING. Poor quality- we threw it away because the fish was slimy and tasted old. Do yourself a favor and steer clearGreat place for a quiet and inexpensive gathering. Mix of both chinese and japanese food. Love the volcano roll!!! Would have given it 5 stars if only the bathroom wasn't always broken when I eat there.This is a really small Chinese/ Japanese restaurant. If you want a quiet, peaceful and clean place to eat at, this is your right spot. 
They do have a sushi chef there so it's pretty neat to see them prepare your sushi right in front of you.
I've tried their Chinese food, it's your regular Americanized cheap/ greasy/ easily prepped Chinese food. But the best thing about them is their sushi lunch special. For under $8 you can get two rolls with a decent variety to choose from, and your pick of a soda or Miso Soup. 
I'm a snobby sushi eater, so I can tell when it's good sushi or not. Terryin serves middle grade sushi. Great affordable find in the heart of South Philly!Not a bad place for some fresh shushi & quick Chinese. Their pad Thai could definitely use some work, definitely not Thai like for me. I do love their fried squid & eels Shushi. Cheese dumplings were delicious however.For the money this place cant be beat!!!  I live in NJ and i cross the bridge because this place is such a good value.  The sushi is always prepared promptly even if i change the "ingredients" of the roll.  The chefs specials have always been good too!  Even on busy nights the wait staff is friendly and attentive.  Highly recommended!!!Good sushi at a great price.  Friendly service.  The atmosphere inside could be much nicer, but it appears they do almost entirely take-out and delivery.  I'll be back - a lot!Absolutely love this place.  Miss livin right around the corner cuz you can't beat the lunch special.  Nobody believes me downtown that u can find great sushi at a great price here.  And honestly that's fine with me and my girl cuz we never have to wait for a table.  We have had some offerings from their american chinese menu and were happy with it.  How can boneless spare ribs be bad?  The secret is the maki rolls and sashimi platters.  Always delicious and the presentation is beautiful and well thought out.  Servers are always friendly as well as the chefs.  I have one complaint after 2 yrs of goin here.  I stepped in dog poo while outside smokin last week, but that wasn't even in front of their place.  We try to go here atleast 3 times a month and they always take care of us.  Keep in mind I'm a server downtown and have been in the biz for 12 yrs.  This place is amazing and definetly a hidden gem in the neighborhood.  They recently stopped sellin beer and wine and are now byob.  Which for me makes it even more cheap and delicious cuz I can get another roll or sashimi instead of a kirin if I bring my own.  Great staff, great food, clean place, 5 stars all the way.At last delightful Chinese take out in my hood. 
Best hot n sour soup and Singapore noodled in  in South Philly.
Beef and broccoli perfectly prepared, not over sauced, not too greasy.
Have not yet eaten in or tried their sushi.Delivery sushi that is actually good! I order from this place at least once every 2 weeks - and I'm someone who usually cooks and eats at home. The sushi is always fresh, the rolls are interesting, and I love the guy who usually answers the phone. Yes, it takes a while for the food to arrive, but let's be realistic - it's sushi. Sushi takes a while even when you are in the restaurant. I love this place. It's a gem.This place has awesome sushi at a reasonable price. I always come here with my family or takeout if I want to eat at home. The sushi is always fresh, soft, and delicious. They never dissatisfy my tastebuds. The service is always great and the people are very friendly.Not the best sushi, but for the price - it really is good. Average $5-8 rolls. Pretty sure the most expensive roll is about $10. 
If you like spicy stuff - get the Kiss of Fire roll, definitely a kick to all of your senses with lots of flavor. 
Only thing I didn't like is that they charge you for the dumbest things - Like 75 cents for eel sauce, and spicy mayo, and any kind of extra dressing. Like.. cmon.Great sushi or Chinese. Delivery until 10:30 or later all over south Philly. And you can't beat the price.Terryin is an enigma. It's like it can't decide if it wants to be Chinese or Japanese, so it does a little bit of both. You can come here for sushi AND mapo tofu, and both will be inexpensive and pretty good. The place is on the small side, but surprisingly nicely decorated. I don't think it's usually difficult to get seating, since most people appear to opt for takeout here. The food isn't the best Japanese or Chinese food I've ever had (Chinese leans toward Americanized, but they do it well), but for the price it's definitely tasty and worth a visit.Pros: Exceptional Sushi and Pricing.  Very nice staff.  Lightning fast service.
Cons: Neighborhood isnt too great but dont let that hold you back.
Went here today after searching for new sushi joints in Philly here on Yelp.  I was thoroughly impressed by the quality of the food and even more so the price.  The most expensive maki roll was $10 and was worth every penny.  They have about 15-20 different specialty rolls which will satisfy all different types of sushi lovers and some very good Chinese food.  My dinner for two that included 3maki rolls, 1 house special fried rice and 2 spring rolls came out to $33.  The sushi was very tasty and fresh to the core.  Heading back tomorrow lol!really good take out through uber eats! never let down & definitely has the best crab rangoon in the cityCHEAP SUSHI with a delivery zone that looks like UPS. 
If you're on a budget and looking for a great deal on the sushis, this is the place to dip your chopsticks not once, but twice!
I saw a review for this place and gave it a try - cheap and sushi usually sounds like a decent case of food poisoning, but this place is great. The rolls are pretty standard and they have a great 3 roll lunch special for 10 bucks. 
Delivers all over South Philly, but if you can't wait there is usually plenty of parking.I went to the restaurant for Sushi, not knowing what I was getting into since it was a Chinese Take Out Restaurant. I really had a craving and this is the closest place. The cuts of fish was fair, but the rice was not, it was regular rice... It would be nice if they even attempted to use Sushi rice. This place is nothing fancy if you ask me, I'm actually a little surprised at the reviews, have you guys not had better?GOOD CHEAP SUSHI - The atmosphere leaves much to be desired... you feel like you are in a pizza shop. They do serve Japanese beer (along with Heinekein) and saki -- The beers wer $3.50 and the sake for a large pitcher was 6$! The sushi was large and super cheap and delicious! This is a great VALUE!Great sushi at a great price AND I can walk from my house in Penn's PortLove this place & it's BYOB. Owner and workers are very nice and friendly. Me and my best friends  would come here about 2 times a month. Foods very good and cheap. Our all time favorite dishes samurai tray , beef chow fun , crab Rangoon and friend dumplings .Earlier in the week me and my boyfriend ordered delivery since it was too cold to get lunch. We ordered the Shrimp Shumai, the Dancing Eel Roll, and Shrimp Lo Mein, totaling around $30 including the tip and delivery fee. Usually, I personally don't order from places that does more than like 2 kinds of food, but I had a hankering for sushi and didn't want to leave my own home, so why not?
Order arrived in about 30minutes, not so bad with time. When we started eating though, we were disappointed to find that everything tasted just painfully plain. Thank god I had asked for a side order of chili oil, otherwise we wouldn't have gotten through that meal. The sushi roll was fine, but it only tasted of sauce, the shumai tasted like water in a gelatinous form, and the shrimp lo mein tasted like the oil it was fried in.
If you're thinking of getting sushi or anything from here, I'd rather recommend an all you can eat buffet, or just order from a different place entirely! Save your money, this place isn't worth it.Why hasn't anyone written anything about this place yet? I was a litle sketchy about eating at a Chinese/ Japanese restaurant. But I was NOT disappointed. This place exceeded my expectations like 10 times over. And it's all due to the King Dragon Roll. Without this (and a few other great rolls) this place would be a very average restaurant. I guess I can credit the friendly staff for my rave review as well. I've eaten all over Center City, and can't name one memorable place for sushi and maki, but this cute little place in south philly beats them all.I don't know what happened but the quality has declined significantly the last three times we ordered from here. The last order was so bad it was barely edible and we are not the pickiest people in the world.
The light delicate flavors were gone and replaced with the heavy dark rancid oily flavors of bad chinese food. Everything has onions as a main ingredient. Not as good as it used to be. So bad we threw the menu awaySaw the raving reviews, was craving sushi, so we gave this place a shot. What a mistake! We ordered the Ono sushi platter. The rice were hard (probably because it wasn't fresh anymore) and cheap quality soy sauce (extremely salty). There were a lot of vegetable and rice, but very little fish. Huge disappointment. We will never order from this place again.I'm giving this a high review because of price & proximity. I love not having to go into Center City for sushi! The rolls on the 3-for-$10 are tiny unless you get handrolls -- it feels like you get more fish. The specialty rolls are great & priced just right. If given the choice between Terryin & Vic's, I'll pick sitting comfortably at a table rather than waiting 20 minutes for a barstool any day.Driving back from ikea we passed this place and my boyfriend was like, oooh a sushi bar! 
My response was, "Uh, in this location??? I don't think so."
But he talked me into trying it out, and I'm so glad we did. The prices are fantastic, the sushi was great! 
It came to 25 bucks for both of us, I got an asparagus roll, and a california roll. He got an asparagus roll and a veggie combo roll or something. We didn't have much to drink at all, I had a diet coke and he had a kirin. 
The sushi was reallllly good. I'm not a raw sushi person, and they had plenty of things for me to choose from. Most rolls ranged from 3 - 5 dollars, which is really good. 
It's definitely a place you can easily pass by, but you shouldn't. 
Really don't judge a book by it's cover on this one. 
OH! And they deliver! From Snyder to South Street, Front to 22nd! Huge range for South Philadelphia.Seaweed salad was ok.
Got a shrimp tempura roll and a christine roll. While they tasted ok - nothing great but didn't expect great at that price - they were rolled horribly! The Christine roll was falling apart and the shrimp tempura roll had such a big circumference and was cut into thin slices making it really hard to eat and fell apart no matter what way I tried to pick it up.
This place is so close by that I was really hoping to like it. I will give it another shot, but maybe next time I'll ditch the chop sticks.I order terryin at least once a week! Their quality, speed, consistency and delicious food speaks for itself. Delivery driver is SUPER friendly and an asset to their business!! Thank you terryin !!!Thank you fellow YELP-ers for helping find this place!!!
This place was exactly what I was looking for!  Great quality sushi @ reasonable, VERY REASONABLE prices.  I've ordered from them several times, for delivery, and have not had one issue with them.  Food is ALWAYS good.
One time, I needed to order a party tray of sushi, but wanted it at a time when they weren't open for business yet.  But, they had made an exception for me.  That, my friends, is what keeps me coming back for more.
KEEP IT UP!