If you are trying to go vegan or veg or just want the best food  ever, go to Terron. The chef has the most amazing seasoning skills with cool twists and surprises on already amazing dishes (eg sunflower seeds on the Bella Bing mushroom tacos). His pad Thai is phenomenal, the brunch is killer (breakfast frittata please!), and the magic Philly cheesesteak is out of this world. I am reimpressed  every time about how good the food is. Service is simple and non-intrusive just the way I like it.This isn't "good vegan food," it's good food without qualifiers. I'm not even a vegetarian, and I still find myself going back to Terron again and again. The menu offers enough variety that I think most people could find something they like, but some of my favorites are the bahn mi and the spicy Moroccan sandwich. The desserts are also really good, and I can't seem to stop myself from adding a cookie to every order. 
Although some dishes are a little on the pricy side, you're definitely paying for quality: the ingredients are always very fresh. Plus, most dishes are definitely big enough to share.Great spot!!  Lots of delicious options from tacos and sandwiches to pho.  Quiet, calm atmosphere...  perfect for an afternoon meeting.  Street parking is usually available which makes the experience even better!  Eat in or take out - just give it a try, the food is made to order and is sure to please.This is my very first time in a vegan restaurant so for dinner I wanted to give a try to the pineapple curry, well I was not disappointed, it was delightful ! It had the right taste (asked for extra spicy), sweet notes and the different textures where perfect. Truly, I will come back.The Philly Magic Cheesesteak is nothing short of amazing. My coworker raved about the sandwich which made me tempted to try. Needles to say after the 2nd bite I jumped out my seat to tell him how great it was. It's flavorful and definitely lives up to its name.First time ordered out, urgently needed something different for dinner after a rough day. Smokey Pho and Hot Greens tasted great even with the "to go" caveat. Will definitely go back for non-emergency vegan dinners, atmosphere is nice and open, maybe chilly on a cold evening though. Will update with photos after next visit.Did take out last night.  Their vegan cheese steak was incredible.
Mac and cheese vegan also incredible.  So flavorful.   Excellent foodWow, Terron was really remarkable. Such a great atmosphere and friendly staff. Terron has an outstanding French Toast, that was my first time trying it at this restaurant, and I was surprised with how good it was. The crew was incredible, literally every one. Terron is definitely worth checking out.Delicious vegan food, great atmosphere. Great location in east falls. Had the pho and the Mac and cheese and they were just as good as anything in the city ie hip city veg etc. I've been told the cheesesteak is better than the one at v street and hipcityveg and id believe it cause their vegan cheese is awesome. Come here.The food and service were both great. My boyfriend has to eat a low carb and low purine diet. The menu is already very healthy but the server and cook were able to accommodate him even more so. This spot is now one my new go to places to eat for breakfast.Such a disappointment.Having read the menu and loved Milo, I was really looking forward to this place, but the experience my boyfriend and I had here last night was bad from start to end.
Though there were only two other people in the restaurant,  we had to wait about half an hour for our food, and were just getting ready to walk out as it arrived. Sadly, it definitely wasn't worth the wait. The chickpea salad was sad and tasteless, and pretty much amounted to a bowl of cold mush. But y "crazy veggie" bomber was truly terrible. Both of our sandwiches came untested and waaay under seasoned. My bomber had a scrape of humus on it, and a butt load of raw red pepper. THAT'S IT. I wouldn't have eaten a second bite if I hadn't been starving, but the half I did eat did nothing to satisfy at all. When I told the waitress that my food was bland and tasteless, she insisted on bringing me more hummus, but even the humus was plain and flavorless,  and did absolutely nothing to improve the situation.  
I was so aggravated that I had to pay $13.50 for this horrible pile of nothing, I wanted to throw up. We will NOT be back.I've now had a range of menu items & everything is so delicious! So happy to have a vegan restaurant close by that has such good variety and consistent quality.Good food. I have tried a few of the tacos and sandwiches and liked them all. The shroomy mac is also tasty. The coffee is reasonably priced. Haven't tried the smoothies. The desserts have been a bit dry in my experience. Sometimes it takes a little while for the food to come out.I was extremely excited to know that there is a vegan spot in East Falls. For the longest, I've been looking for a tasty location that has a healthy options and boom..Terron.
Although I only have tried 1 item from the menu, I love the fact that there is a vegan restaurant that serves creative plant based options. In regards to the overall experience, I called in to place my pick up order and within 10-15 mins, my order was ready for pick up. Smooth process! When I arrived the location was clean, open and they had outdoor seating options available.
Now onto the food! The Philly Magic Cheesesteak was tasty. This is one of the first vegan steaks, I've had so it's hard to compare to anything else. I was surprised by the flavor and similarity that it had to steak made with beef. I wasn't really sure about the presentation, the box reminds me of school issued lunch and the amount wedges were rather slim. Because of my health conscience journey, I will most certainly be back and I would highly recommend! Happy Eating!It's really delicious food at pretty reasonable prices. It's a small but quality menu with Thai influences making up some of the most delicious dishes (pad Thai, curry). It's casual and comfy inside, though a small space. It's great for grabbing brunch or lunch, or a quick BYO, or of course take out.Awesome vegan spot. We ordered a kale salad and a Philly cheesesteak, everything was excellent, especially the cheesesteak. Excited to try more items from thier menu.The chorizo tacos I would get a million times over!!! The jawns were sooooo delicious.  The wings started out very good but after a while they were a little spongy to me.  So I may pass on those the next time.  Overall,  I really like this place.  Took a little longer than expected for my order but the food was good enough that it won't stop me from ordering again.  I'll just make sure I'll call ahead next time.I work in East Falls and passed by this new spot for lunch. I ordered the pho and it was delicious- so much flavor and warmth. Plus the service was quick and staff was wonderful! I'm not vegan, but this has become my new spot! (I Definitely recommend the potato wedges and kombucha as well)I'm not vegan, and the food was delicious.  I'd recommend the buffalo wings and banh miFood was out of this world incredible. We had the curry and pad Thai and both were amazing. They're definitely a new restaurant but if you're willing to be patient, it's more than worth it. They even gave a complementary glass of wine and desert. Really nice people and great foodImpressed is an understatement. Only have been here once and ordered 2 dishes total and can already say it is one of my new favorite restaurants. I ordered the Bella'bing tacos with corn tortillas,  which feature a creative assortment of 3 types of mushrooms, 2 kinds of sauces, onions, avocado, and pepitas (pumpkin seeds). These tacos are without a doubt at the top of my list for best cooked vegan food I have had. The flavor was on point, the portion size was very generous, a lot of the dishes are healthy for cooked folds, and the prices are extremely reasonable. After I looked at my bill and saw the tacos only cost 10$ I felt like I robbed a bank. In all seriousness this dish is easily comparable to something one would expect from a gourmet dressy restaurant, charging 18-25$ for the same dish, and even compared to one of those types of places (charlie was a sinner, v street, etc) I Still would not expect something of this level of awe some ness. These 3 tacos were stuffed to the brim with heavenly flavors creatively designed by a mastermind behind the scenes. As for the coconut curry (ordered without seitan) was also astounded and left in awe.This dish is where it is at, when reading it on the menu and what it's created from, it sounds decent, but upon tasting it the quality is beyond that of how the description sounds. The portion for this is huge, it is seasoned to perfection, and the textures in this dish are very enjoyable, the coconut curry was perfectly balanced in it's flavors and creaminess with neither over powering the other. The young lady who took and gave me my to go order was nice as well and kindly answered all of my questions on the phone. If you've gotten this far into this review which is long, hope you can understand the reason for the length now. Never have I thought that a restaurant should increase their prices until now, the tacos should at least be 12$ 10$ is way too low for a dish like this. If i went to a more dressy/expensive restaurant these tacos would easily be priced at 16-18$ and I'd be satisfied if i spent 18$ for them. Lastly one thing that would bring this restaurant even more over the top would be to offer more gluten free options/substitutions for wheat on menu (seitan/noodles). I certainly will be back and Please if you are in the Philadelphia area, vegan or not and want to enjoy a great meal stop into terron where all of your needs will be met.If you were a regular like me at this location formerly known as Milo,  you may have shared the disappointment I felt when it suddenly closed, seemingly without warning.
That said,  Terron is a clean, fresh kickstart featuring most of the favorite menu items from before AND a few new twists.  I decided upon the new item: "Magic Cheesesteak".   Hands-down,  it surpasses every vegan cheesesteak I've had at places which tout this item.  It is just the right amount of seitan to mushroom to melted vegan cheesy goodness on a really good roll.  Served with perfectly baked potato wedges.  At the helm is the former Milo sous chef and he is doing it up RIGHT!  
Come back if you were here before or just come if you've never been.The ingredients are so fresh and have so much flavor. As a non-vegan/vegetarian I didn't know this food could taste so amazing. The portions are huge; we did take out sandwiches and got wedges and the most delicious salad. I'm usually not a huge kale person but I was loving it. We've been trying to support all the local places throughout this quarantine and this was the most delicious meal we've had to date.This is a great little spot hidden away in the East Falls neighborhood. 
The place has good vibes inside and is located on a quiet street (if you're considering eating al fresco). 
The food is delicious. I can vouch for the vegan wings, tacos, buffalo seitan flatbread, Impossible meatball sub, magic cheesesteak, and the mac and cheese. 
My only criticism: Most of the dishes include a vegan meat alternatives. It would be nice to see some more variety of dishes that don't include vegan meat alternatives.Terron was the first vegan/vegetarian restaurant I tried when I considered giving up meant. Their meals have never disappointed thus far! The shroomy Mac and cheese is my favorite AND I love their seitan wings-honestly the best I've tried. Their prices are great too! They are my go to for when I want a good meal but don't want to cook. Their desserts aren't the beat but I can live with that.Food is outstanding (literally everything).  I don't recommend ordering the French toast as the serving is way too small for $10(i came home and made a second breakfast‍).  It used to be made with larger Texas style Toast (i believe)  but now it seems they use regular bread.  The other breakfast items are of a decent size. So while the French toast is delightful, it's better served as an add on to your meal unless you're not really hungry.As a vegetarian, I am always looking for vegetarian friendly places that offer a unique menu. The options are eclectic and I love it! Also, Terron gets extra points from me for offering vegetarian Asian inspired foods which are often the most difficult to find as they often meat based. So far I have tried the Banh Mi, Caulifornia tacos, and Shroomy Mac & Cheese. All of it is so amazing!!!!! While I am not vegan, Terron's delivery of an entirely vegan friendly menu, without losing any points on flavor, leaves me in awe :)Honestly, this place is just really inconsistent. I used to love their food but its really bland anymore. I ordered the Mac and it was basically just dry pasta. I feel like the chefs or management are not on the same page. I hope they go back to what they used to be.Vegan oasis. I want to try everything on the menu and come back tomorrow. The vegan Mac and cheese and bbq vegan wings are delicious. I'm just sorry I didn't get some vegan cookies:( Next time:). Can't wait for the vegan pho and peanut noodles!Just ordered some contactless delivery through Grubhub. Food was delicious as always! Thanks for continuing to deliver quality vegan food even during a pandemic.Wow. That's The closest word I think I can put on Yelp to the word that burst out of my mouth both when I first opened the container of food (the cheese steak) and after my first bite and every bite after. The flavors and textures were just perfect and the price is good. I don't leave reviews often but this place needs to stay because I am looking so forward to eating my way through the whole menu!Look, I am a pescatarian going on one year now and have been craving fried chicken for the longest. Even thought about cheating once just to have bite of the crispy skin. I don't care how they did it but the sweet and spicy wings are legit and for that batter saving me from a lifetime of guilt, I thank you. Included with my meal was the shroom Mac n Cheese and usually I'm reluctant about vegan take but it is a delish pasta dish. 10/10!Excellent brunch! My kids and husband and I loved every bit. Huge, delicious portions. We had the French toast, waffles, frittata, and avocado toast. All vegan. All sensational.Nope. I can't even believe the experience I had when I walked through the door this afternoon. I wasn't greeted initially, by the three women who watched me come in. I looked up at the wall to read the menu and the elder woman who was sitting on a barstool said, "we are not open". I asked, " oh, when did you close?" She said, "NOW!" Whoa. The two young women I think were also shocked at how she responded to a potential new customer.  I'll never step foot in there again and you better believe that I will tell everyone I know about the very rude reception I received. It is just SO obvious that they don't know the first thing about being kind. As I turned away after she said, "...NOW" I heard the three of them chuckle or laugh as I headed out the door. It was just really weird. After this past year we've all had, seems as though most people are kinder than ever. But, not here. Hmm.I was very disappointed. I was excited to support a local all vegan restaurant, resting assured that my food would not be contaminated with animal products or bi-products. The food was underwhelming to say the least. Order Pad Thai noodles and hot greens. The greens dish was decent. The noodles though.... just, no. Tasted like a giant squirt of siracha and ketchup comprised the sauce. The mung bean salad and crushed peanut toppings were almost non-existent. I couldn't eat more than a quarter of this dish.  The greens were okay but were lacking key elements as advertised. When I am thinking I will get Bok Choy and Kale and other mixed greens and there is a scrawny portion... from a vegan restaurant... so disappointed. I am not sure there was any Bok Choy at all. 
The brownie was decent thought. That helped the bitterness of the meal. I am not sure if I will try here again, perhaps some of their other dishes are better, but with the steep prices, I don't want to risk another disappointment. If the food were awesome, I'd happily pay the top dollar prices they ask for a truly vegan meal. but ... nah.Haven't had thing I didn't like yet, although I realized I don't really care for seitan, they make these amazing sweet and spicy wings. We've ordered so many times (cheesesteak, meatball sandwich,cheesy Mac, the ultimate, and sweet and spicy wings between the two of us) in the last two months that I've also started making my own Vegan dishes at home. Love this place like cheesecake!Incomparable food. The Philly cheesesteak and greens were amazing. Brownie was a unique, delicious mix of flavors that I've never experienced. Service and Covid-safety were top-notch, and the dishes were quite affordable.
Will be back!I've tried some items of the menu and they were all very good, the chef does a great job! This place is also byob which is very convenient.  The atmosphere is nice and friendly.  We are so happy to have a place like this in the neighborhood. Thank you!Just wanted to update that I did go back to try the vegan impossible meatball sandwich. It's really good, and has a nice spicy kick to it! 
The cookies are also not to be forgotten, the cookie was still warm with the chocolate chips melted inside. 
Great lunch option in the East Falls area. The sandwiches are really filling in my opinion. Both times I ate half of the sandwich for 2 meals. Even if you're not a vegetarian or vegan, I really do think you'll like it! I would recommend the meatball over the cheesesteak for my own personal preference.I'm giving this place a one star not for the quality of food, or for the prices, but for the lack of food and safety guidelines for meal preparation not just in general but in a PANDEMIC. Why would someone preparing my salad walk to the front to grab a cup then walk back to the kitchen grab the salad out the fridge , and reach in the container without gloves , and proceed to dress and make my salad. This is not a 5 star restaurant and you are not a chef in the back preparing a luxurious meal. Then when I mentioned the lack of gloves I was told that he washed his hands and sanitized them .. the same man I saw walk up and down the counter touching things ? In a Pandemic? Ridiculous.Everything here is amazing. My favorite dishes are the pad Thai, curry, and shroomy MacAmazing food! We are very happy this re-opened with the same menu. Every dish is beyond delicious!  We will be going at least once a week!  Hopefully it stays around!Very delicious, my family and i really enjoyed it even my picky eater daughter.  Definitely will be our favorite spot.I was pretty bummed when I saw that Milo closed, but Terron stepped right in to fill the vegan void in East Falls. I had the nutty pad thai today for lunch, and it did not disappoint. Come here for wholesome, fresh food that doesnt just feel like you ordered a bunch of stuff off the "sides" menu, as is the case at many places claiming to be vegan-friendly. The staff is courteous and helpful, and the portions are generous. I have plenty of noodles left over for lunch tomorrow, too. Will definitely be back!FAST service! 
As soon my sister walked up to the door to pick up our orders, they had it ready to go. She was back in the car within 30 seconds. 
I have been craving a real meatball sandwich ever since I switched to being a pescatarian, so I ordered the Impossible Meatball Sandwich, which was pretty decent! Other food that I got a taste of was the Spicy Bahn Mi, very good! Along with our order we got the Shroomy Mac & Cheese. The container was HEAVY (always a great thing) because my sister loved it and had leftovers. 
Of course, we need something sweet. So, we ordered two chocolate chip cookies and the Cherry Pecan brownie. Now let me tell you, first come first served.. delicious!So glad this place made a comeback...I mean, their sauces alone.  Eating here makes veganism enticing.  A nice bright daylit space to sit inside also.Delicious vegan food. My last review said The Ultimate was just okay. The only thing wrong with it was it wasn't enough for a 6'4 200lb. guy. The owner Phillipe spent me an $11 Uber Eats voucher to give them another shot. Ordered today and everything was excellent. You don't have to be Vegan to give them a try. You won't be disappointedSuper good, super inexpensive! Such a cute little cafe vibe restaurant in East Falls. I got the mushroom tacos! The sauce that was used was delightedly sweet! I enjoyed getting a cookie with my meal also! Great spot for lunch even if you're not vegan!We order delivery from Terron relatively frequently. Overall, Terron delivers high quality vegan meals on a consistent basis, and their seitan is some of the best I've had. They really excel with their sandwiches, and I might even go as far to say that they "Moroccan" is the most delicious vegan sandwich in Philadelphia. 
Though, I think they have room for improvement - specifically with one of their Asian dishes. Their vegan Pho is subpar much to be desired, especially when compared to the quality of their sandwiches. The Pho dish arrived in a tepid soup that evidently was never warmed up appropriately, as the rice noodles never even softened enough to become edible. While the tofu was delicious, the brittle rice noodles really did not whet the appetite. The mistreatment of the rice noodles makes me scared to order some of the other Asian dishes, such as the Pad Thai.
My recommendation would either be to remove the Pho from the menu, and focus on growing strengths (sandwiches) or to train staff to appropriately prepare vegan, Asian dishes.The magic cheesesteak is out of this world. I'm not even vegan but I crave that sandwich all the time. So savory and comforting. Everything we've tried here has been great and a great value tooThe concept of this place is really great but I think the execution still needs some work. Personally, I was a little thrown off by the varied of menu items ranging from noodles to wings. It was a little odd to me that there's no one cuisine theme but I can see how this can be attractive for people who like having options.
We ordered the Buffalo Seitan Flatbread which was more like a Mexican tostada vs a flatbread. I was expecting something more doughy, not as thick as a traditional pan tossed pizza, but this flatbread was way too crunchy for my own liking. The Buffalo seitan however was nice, with just the right amount of kick you would expect. Quite honestly, I don't think a non vegetarian would notice this was vegan!
We also ordered the impossible meatball sub. The seitan had a great texture and held up just like a regular all meat, meatball would. The bread was nice and soft. They included two long potato fries which were fine but nothing special. I wasn't too impressed with the sub overall.
Lastly, we ordered the kimchi tacos. I wasn't expecting them to be spicy but they were! I didn't mind it, but if heat is not your thing I would pass. I thought these were pickled nicely and the pepita seeds were a nice touch for an extra crunch. However, there was no wow factor and don't think I would order these again.
I might try this place again in the future, perhaps I didn't order the right items. Their other menu selections seemed interesting and can see how this would be an appealing place for vegans and vegetarians.I'm so glad this place is located directly across from my hair salon. Their bahn mi is absolute fire. Highly recommend!Wow! My first time "at" Terron and I am so impressed. I ate here before when it was under a different name and today, it was even better than I remember. As a vegetarian living in EF, I am so happy this place is nearby. I got the ultimate burger, which was filled with gooey vegan cheese, tomatoes, onions, lettuce, and some delicious spreads. The potato wedges and bean salad were also great compliments to the burger. I will definitely be ordering from here again! Highly recommend and can't wait to try the other options.My first visit to Terron was last night for dinner.  I had the zesty Morrocan sandwich' and the hot greens salad .  These were both so outstandingly delicious.  I will be returning here soon to try other menu items.  I expect those to be just as delicious.  To top it off - I had the cherry brownie, which was also super delicious.Got the Mac and Cheese Vegan today, I was worried that it wouldn't be enough and just a side. I was wrong it was very filling. It is a whole meal. So for taste, it was really good. Vegan Mac can either be wrong or right and it was right!! The women who greeted me was very nice as well. I will be back!I was excited to see a vegan restaurant in this area and I was even more thrilled after enjoying some awesome takeout from here! I ordered the Spicy Bahn Mi lunch special which comes with potato wedges, bean salad and a cookie all for only $10! The sandwich was delicious and big! The tofu had a yummy sauce on it, which was complemented by the toppings of pickled and fresh veggies and a creamy aioli. It definitely is on the spicy side so if spice is not your thing I would recommend ordering something different. The potato wedges were ok. They were super thick, which is just not personally my favorite potato preparation, but they were not bad by any means. I am excited to go back to try some of their other options!Unfortunately I have to update my review. I've ordered from here a number of times as it is the closest Vegan place. The first time we absolutely loved it.  However, every time we order it has started to get worse. This last time was the worst yet. My wife got the Buffalo flat bread. What showed up was a flat bread with a light coating of orange paste. It was almost like they started it and then forgot to put anything on it. 
Our friend got the meatball sub and she was not the least bit impressed. West philly vegans ya know? 
I am not sure where I should order next time I have friends who are vegan over.This review is for their Buffalo Seitan Flatbread only, a newer item menu. 
Overall I 100% recommend Terron as a solid 4/5, try them out! I recommend them for Impossible meatball, Magic cheesesteak and Zesty Moroccan are great. 
The portion is of flatbread is good, as you can see in the photo they cut it in half and stack both on top of each other in the box. The flatbread was very soft, pliable and hard to pick up to eat. 
The flavor also was not good, there was no taste of tanginess or buffalo sauce that you'd usually expect from a buffalo flatbread, vegan or not. I've had other vegan pizzas and flatbreads elsewhere and have loved them all, so I'm not sure if it's the type of vegan mozz used here - or just the whole dish, but it did not work for me. For the first time in a long time, I actually threw it out after trying to force myself to eat it because I hate wasting food... but I couldn't bear taking another bite. 
Personally, I would not recommend this dish. Bummer! I was so excited to try some of their newer items they've added, but now I'm a bit discouraged and might just go back to my tried and true favorites.Tried this place in my search for a vegan cheesesteak. Very tasty! It came with three seasoned potato wedges. I'm going back to check out the burger.Our household has ordered from here twice now. The first time my wife ordered while I wasn't home and said she absolutely loved it and would like to get it again when I'm around. 
Just last night we had my little sister over who is Vegan and we planned to order from here just for that reason!
So we did sweet and spicy wings, Bah mi hoagie,  flatbread veggie trio, potato wedges, Kimchi tacos. My Bah Mi came with potato wedges so the extra order was too much. I ended up sending my sister home with the extras. I always order too much. 
The food here is excellent though. Very impressive. 
I'm already planning my order for the next time we get together. I want to try the meat ball. It was a real toss up between that and the bah mi this time.I placed my first takeout order online with Terron today for the Seitan Cheesesteak Lunch Special. All their lunch specials are $9.95 + tax including a delicious cookie and $1 extra for a drink!
The sandwich itself is very good - ooey gooey it barely tastes vegan!
I personally am not a huge fan of seitan - and would prefer this sandwich with an impossible meat substitution - but it's not an option on the website. I do wonder if they would allow substitutions if you call in..
The meal is also served with HUGE potato wedges which were great.
Overall I had a solid first experience, and YES THEY ARE OPEN DURING COVID-19 just check their new hours and go support! I will be updating my next review since I am certainyl eyeing that impossible meatball sub...'Inconsistency is key' should be the Terron tag line. Every time I have ordered the vegan mac and cheese, it is completely different. So much so that today I ordered it and it doesn't taste "cheesy" at all. It's basically plain noodles. Here's a fun pic! Would love to love this place, but the inconsistency of everything at the price point they are at just makes me want to never go again. I should learn my lesson this time.It pains me to write this because I really want a vegetarian/vegan restaurant in our area to succeed. I've eaten takeout from here at least 5 times and have also purchased snacks only. I feel that's enough opportunities for Terron to have redeemed themselves and sorted out early operational kinks. 
The key issue can be consolidated down to menu knowledge / quality control: It doesn't appear the FoH or kitchen staff know the menu. When I call in an order, the person who answers the phone doesn't ask if I want paneer/tofu/seitan, even though the selection is indicated on the menu. More so, I haven't received a single order with every component listed on the menu. It's unfortunate because the few items that make their way into my meal are usually tasty. 
To give several examples, today I ordered the Caulifornia Lunch Special which comes with "Tandori style potato, cauliflower, onion, with house sour cream, avocado with seared paneer or tofu." I requested tofu as my protein. What I received lacked onion, avocado or tofu. Last time I ordered the Crazy Veggie sandwich which was missing the sun dried tomato/pesto, white bean hummus and mixed greens. Instead they doubled down on the long hot peppers which rendered it borderline inedible. My Hot Greens salad didn't have broccoli, potato wedges and they gave me seitan instead of tofu. I've also had vastly different tasting cookies and brownies depending on the day I stopped in; sometimes soft/delicious, other times hard and flavorless.
Please Terron Kitchen, sort out your menu. Bring in staff for a full training. It's been several months now, and it's an ongoing issue. I love the concept, location and menu descriptions. Reach your potential!Food is fresh and tasty plus it's right on point for someone who is trying to eat less meat but still wants the texture of real meat. The ambiance is wonderful. I look forward to frequent lunch dates here. Not sure how it ended up in East Falls but lucky us.Meatball sandwich and cheesesteak are good but I've had better. Now the chocolate chip cookies are my weakness. I love in Juniata park and will order a sandwich just to be be able to order 3 gooey delicious cookiesI love this spot! The staff are always friendly and the portions are always very filling. The spicy banh mi is incredible and I highly recommend it. I always wish that I would get more than 4 potato wedges before starting my mea but by time I'm halfway through, I realize that it's the perfect amount 
Looking forward to more visits!Definitely our top favorite place to order out for vegetarian options! Food is really good and they have a nice variety. Wish the delivered to us, but we're not close enough for them to do so. Definitely makes picking where to eat for dinner easy because it's a good go to.Very disappointed with the quality of tacos and pho noodles . i am a vegetarian so expected it to be good based on the reviews however it wasn't as great as expected.The spicy Banh Mi was sooooo delicious! Perfect amount of spice, all of the ingredients were balanced, there was enough sauce, everything was perfect. I would recommend and get again!