Service was very slow and waitress was nowhere to be found after 30 mins . Then, mistaked our order and took an extra 30 mins to send it to our table.I love TGIF. It's the jack Daniels sauce that keeps bringing me back, but not to this location. This is the first time we ordered from this location, we tend to make the drive up to kop but I wanted to give this place a shot. 
We called ahead, both entres from the jack Daniels grill; flat iron steak and the sirloin with shrimp, medium and medium raw both mash potatoes. When we arrived back to the house, both steaks were well done and I couldn't eat mine because it tasted burnt. They also forgot the shrimp. They charged us, but it wasn't packaged for us. We were both tired from driving 2 hours so I wasn't in the mood to drive back just for shrimp. I just ate the mash potatoes drenched in the sauce. I thought I could eat anything wih that sauce, boy was I wrong. A burnt steak still tasted like a burnt steak. The next night, my friend wanted to make it up to me so he drive all the way to kop and ordered the same thing. This TGIF got it right. I seriously love that sauce though.I came to the restaurant expecting to be greeted by a energetic waitress but that was not the case.   When I asked about the specials I was given only a portion of them.  I looked on my phone for the other specials. When given a drink from my waiter I did not enjoy the taste and I wanted to request something different but I could not find my waitress for about 8 minutes.  I decided to go to the bar to get a different drink.  When I did this the waitress seemed annoyied.  The people I came with got there appetizers before I did and I was served almost 5 minutes after.   Overall my meal tasted alright but my experience was not too pleasant.  I will not be returning.TGIF !!! Jack Daniels strips !!! with a side of fries . Jack daniel chicken sandwich or the jack daniel chicken !!  lol you can never go wrong with chicken (;Horrible location. Awful service. Ran out of standard items, chicken strips, but didn't tell us until 20 min after we ordered. Not sure what they were doing up until then. 
Wait staff is always MIA and they don't make eye contact. Just awful! I won't be backI like TGI Friday's frozen food, and their snack food. I had a good meal at the TGI Friday's downtown. But this one was terrible. Really terrible. They were busy, and we didn't mind the wait, but the food was cold when we got it, and very sorry looking. A suspicious person might  have wondered if we had been served kitchen rejects or leftovers--it was that bad. Drink glasses were dirty, too--they looked like leftovers. I will never eat in this TGI Friday's again.The worst experience ever.. 2 hour wait and burnt food.. Never again.. First they said a half hour then said they called our party and we had to put our name in the back of the list.. Then waited for our food for an hour.. Salmon was cold and shrimp was burnt until black.. Music was loud it was like a club.. The staff was more concerned with the club bar area instead of serving the customers..Service & Staff- Unacceptably incompetent  
Food- Pretty darn good! 
Establishment- Shut this place down! 
Walked in & waited at the hostess station to be seated or greeted. No one there for 10 mins. Flagged down a few people who seemed to be lost & still in training mode. Surveying the restaurant I see there are a handful of tables occupied. Plenty were empty. 
Finally we were seated at a table. Sat there for 10-15 mins until a waitress came. I'm already frustrated from earlier, so this just raised my frustration up another notch, although I TRY my hardest to understand & be patient. People who were seated right next to us were seated AFTER us & received their apps and entrees BEFORE us. WHY? Because our waitress spent 15-20 mins at a table with older woman explaining about their split checks all the while dancing & singing with no urgency in the world. 
Our entrees came out WITH the app (which was cold) & 10 mins later the kids meal which was ordered before the rest. At this point I'm just ready to leave. We explained that what happened was not ok & the waitress assured us she'll talk to the manager & possibly comp something. Check came & no comp on total bill. Pointed this out & she said "Ugh flagging down this manager is so hard!" Ummmm......that's not my problem! They took it off & she had the audacity to say our total bill keeps going down (the free entree & now the comp)
AVOID! No amount of coupon, promotion or whatever is worth the horrible service you will receive.Most terrible service I've ever seen just getting off from work tired me and my girl friend haven't ate all day they bartenders are so rude to the point where we are trying to order and they are laughing saying stop walking past ya customers tried to add to the order she responded I dont even know your order number I understand this is busy but it's no exception I'm a manager at a good establishment myself and seeing this first hand makes me so mad at the fact that people get hired that doesn't care about your job if this was my crew I would be cleaning house havent gottten the food yetI really suspect that the only reason this place does any business is because it is in the same lot as the Crowne Plaza (which is a nice place by the way). From start to finish, I was thoroughly unimpressed and disappointed with the service. Nobody was rude, but it's clear that the servers either never learned how to properly care for customers, or they didn't practice what they had learned about how to handle customers. The two people at the front area ignored me and kept chatting with a person who had already been helped. After a third person (the only professional one) came over, we actually got seated. We waited 20 minutes for our food. My salad was dressed incorrectly and clearly not checked by the server. He then promptly disappeared for 20 minutes, only running past us to do the fastest check in I've ever seen. I did manage to see 3 staff members playing with their cellphones, at least 4 stopping to watch the TVs. Seemed to be more servers watching TV than doing work. Shameful. Whoever is in charge of this place needs to get a clue and start firing people. I feel bad for you if that's the best staff you can scrape up.There's a game on tonight and it's very loud in here the applicator is very comfortable and social.What can I even say about this TGI Fridays that hasn't  been said already? Well for starters the hostesses are rude and ignorant especially the female ones. The eye rolling and frowns are not welcoming. As a customer Ive had to chase down waitresses to place orders, to pay and for togo containers. They leave and never come back. I literally have to get up and find my own waitress. I once told the manager to reseat me because one side of the place smelled like mildew. I told him the rag I saw the dish collector using was where the smell was coming from. He moved me and the dish collector continued to wipe down the restaurant down with a dirty cloth. I still smelled it after moving.The restrooms are so nasty I will leave as soon as I have to go because Id rather stop eating and leave and go there. They are NEVER clean. I've been witness to a hostess and manager basically arguing with a customer because she was hung up on placing a togo order and wanted an apology. This place is terrible and so is their management. They need to hire new managers and staff and CLEAN. I work too hard to spend my money here.My friends and I frequent this location. This time are food was wrong two times for all parties. Waitress had an attitude by the end.The service was horrendous.  It took two hours (6:30 to 8:30) on a Wednesday night to get one appetizer and two entrees (one salad and one burger.)  The waiter walked by the table a dozen times and never refilled our fountain drinks.  He never said anything like, "Sorry for the wait," or, "Let me see what's taking so long."  He made zero attempt to make it right.
The food was pathetic.  Compare the advertised pictures to the actual food.  It would be hilarious if we weren't paying for it.I was hungry and this was literally the closes place I could get food. The last Friday's experience I had in NYC left me with a bad taste for this establishment so against my better judgement, I was like hey.. why not. 
The host at the door directed me to where I would go to place my order. I was directed to a counter at the back right next to the kitchen. There was a bunch of employees fooling around and making me feel like I was in their way. It was sooo awkward. There was a trash can that was clearly overflowing. I waited for about 7-10mins for someone to attend to me. When cashier finally came, placing my order was easy enough. I was advised to wait 15 mins for my food. 
I had no place to wait. There is no designated area for people waiting for orders. I got tired of standing and sat down at a table set for customers. I then noticed that someone had placed a pile of dirty plates. Oh well, what did I care. I just wanted to grab my food and go. 
A supervisor came and apologized for the plates and tried asking her team, who put them there? No one answered her. She put them away herself.
After 20 mins, a lady brought me my order and I left. My boneless wings were great but the service was rather bland. 
Please do better guys.Don't.... *Bryson Tiller voice*This is a very busy location but it is poorly managed. There typically is a 20" or longer wait for a table, yet there are many tables actually open. Instead of using the open tables, they just make people wait. The wait staff is not motivated and it takes a long time to be served. We waited 30" for a table and it took another 15" to get a waitress at the table. A manager actually came to our table to ask how everything was not even noticing we had no drinks or anything at the table. When I let him know we were waiting for a waitress, he took our drink order and apologized but that's where his intervention ended. It's took another 15 minutes to get our drinks from our waitress but it wasn't the correct drink order. She took it back and took another 10" to bring the right drinks! Basically, we waited 40 minutes for a server.  I will say that the food was very good and cooked appropriately but there was no additional service. No napkins, no refills, no visit from the server at all. We did notice the server spending some time with some gentleman at another table flirting away for a good 15 minutes so maybe that's what she was spending her time doing instead of waiting on tables. There are a lot of people who sit at the bar and it is a little loud but this could be a great place if it was better managed and the waitstaff were interested in actually serving the customers who were dining. I have been there twice and the service has been the same hence the reason I'm leaving the review it seems to be standard for this particular location.No stars. 45 min for chips and salsa 1 hour for boneless wings. Screwed up our order not happy at all. Been going to TGIF for 20 something years and this is the worstMy buddy & I went here last night around 10pm. He warned me we'll be waiting forever to eat, and that was far from music to my ears, especially because I left the house with bbq ribs on my mind, and hunger pains in my stomach. Well, long story short, the host sat us, and after 30 minutes, no one ever came to our table, everyone around us was complaining about the service, and one older lady even jokingly told me and my buddy, "The next time you come here make sure you bring your own sandwiches & food to eat, because you're gonna be waiting forever! We walked out...
I wouldn't recommend this place to anyone! Customer service was non-existent!The service is lacking. The food was OK. I would not come back here. Drive some more to somewhere else.Ordering takes forever, food takes forever to get to you.  Food was average at best.So I haven't been here in a Long Time but our Server Terren and the Manager Lars were exceptional. I really like how they both expressed their efforts to change the reputation of this place. We received great service and will start coming back to Friday's! Aka Club Fridays!So if you're drunk and want to get down this place is LIT.   Literally Club Fridays on Fridays and Saturdays.    Loud as heck too.   Place gets really really packed.   But sometimes I just want to chill and eat and have my food fast.   
If you're young or feeling like partying this place is 5 stars except for the wait time.  
If you're older or have a headache you'll think this place is too loud.As usual horrible service. This is the 4th time coming here and every time its horrible. Every time i come its always because i'll Be meeting friends that choose to come here. I never eat! We sat down at 8:20 a server finally came at 8:40 the food came at 9:15pm. As im writing this review a group of females are arguing with another table. Thank god for the free henny punchThree stars because the food was good. But, the service was just bad. When we arrived, there was no one to seat us. We waited at the hostess stand for about 10 minutes. When we were finally taken to a table, it was still dirty, and needed to wait for them to clean it, while we stood around waiting. Once we sat, it took forever to get our drinks (4 waters), and also utensils. Out of all honesty, it's a chain, but the service should still be good. I'd go back if service improved.This place is awful!! Servers AND managers were both extremely rude. The food was ok...but the staff there ruined my experience.Pros: 
-The one bartender is thee best! I forget her name though :( I just know she's a TU student, is the sweetest, very hardworking & makes the best Long Islands.  
-Food is pretty good
-Fun atmosphere
-Manager comes out with free dessert or appetizer coupons 
Cons:
-PACKED!!! I swear no matter what time it is, there's always so many people in there, so good luck getting a seat at the bar if that's your plan.
-I swear the portions at the bar are different when sat at a table - when I order wings & fries from the bar, I get a big basket of both. When I order it at the table, the portion size is so small.
Anywho, I love coming to this place for the prices, atmosphere, & that one bartender.They need 2 hire a whole new staff they will have u wait 15 min b4 they even bring u a menu then they take ur order and it still take hr 4 ur food to come out and it's not like they r busy at 3pmSoooo I haven't been to this location in years, but I was pleasantly surprised. If you're a philly native then you know we refer to this location as Club Friday's. However, it was pretty chill when I went and that was on a Saturday. I was a little hesitant because they were closed down due to a heath code violation a few months ago. Anywho, my server was great, I wished I remembered her name. I had one of those sample apps, a steak entree, and a few drinks. The appetizers were good, especially the mozzarella sticks. The steak was cooked to perfection, medium of course and the drinks were delicious. Definitely not the watered down drinks these restaurants try to serve. They have these huge punches (2ppl) they serve in a fishbowl type glass, about 35 ounces) and its only $20. After dinner, it took us another half hour to finish that monster of a drink. If you haven't been to Friday's in awhile, give it another try. I definitely enjoyed my last experience there and will be back.Dine In:
I like eating lunch here when they just open (11:00 am). Compare to other TGI Friday's that I've been to, this one can be really crowded and too loud. This is definitely a place if you want to really have fun with your friends and get loud. I wouldn't recommend this place for like a date or eat with your kids. 
I guess the bad reviews about their service is when the place is crowded, and waiters can't keep up and became lousy. This is why as I mentioned above, I only come around 11 - 12 pm when they just opened and the place is still clean and neat. 
Take Out:
I've only ordered one take out from this place. The food was fine.In a word .... Pit. Lazy staff, cold food. Avoid it. This is possibly one of the worst Friday's I have EVER seen.Worst place the waitress messed up our meal than my wings came and hair was sitting right there on the top when the waitress saw it she apologized and said she would be right back but she had a lot of tables so I think she forgot and I seat there for a while with the hairy wings in front of Me until she came back to grab them by than my family was done eating I told her I wasn't interested in Ordering to bring us the Bill and she took them off the Bill gross place.The experience on this t.g.i fridays was the worst.
-waited for 15 minutes to be asked for drinks and when she came before asking what would I like to drink she asked if we where ready to order
-the food felt as if it was preheated on the microwave specially the ribs 
-basically throwed the beer in my table and didnt gave me a glass (but she did gave glass to other tables)
-my gf ordered a frozen margarita and it tasted as frozen lemonade, we asked for a change (kindly) and she didnt (but did changed the same drink to the other table which complained for the same thing!)
We leaved after the apetizers, we felt as we where simply not welcomed to the place."Welcome to Thunderdome"
I would give this place negative stars if I could.  My daughter and I were staying nearby at the Hilton and decided to walk to get something to eat.  I should have read the reviews before hand but being a chain I assumed there would be some consistency, first mistake.  We gave our name and were told there was a 15 minute wait? More than half the tables were empty?  When we were seated, the waitress asked if we were ready to order and walked away without a response from either of us.  The reason, a group of guys who should have been cut off were shoving and yelling and throwing beer mugs.  After the whole kitchen staff came out with their phones, the server came back and took our order.  These guys were not asked to leave by management and other guest even began yelling. Some more yelling, mediocre food, a lot of F bombs and $40 later we were ready to leave.  But, the manager was blocking the door because the group was now in the foyer pushing one another again.  Read and trust the reviews, STAY AWAY!I'm actually in this Friday's right now
 I ordered the Jack Daniels chicken sandwich and the chicken was thick but tough. Chicken breast should not be tough yaw! So you know I sent it back. Then I just decided something quick - And I ordered the loaded nachos with chicken and all this melted cheese/black beans. About 3-4 pieces of chicken could they spare another piece o God!
The manager order this me because the server sent him over. My son enjoyed his food,but as usual I'm leaving Friday's disappointed! No  time soon will I becoming here. Another waste of cash . Last time I was here I was food disappointed.Typical TGIF what can I say?
Very convenient location on City Ave
Seated promptly but service lagged behindGreatly known as Club Friday's  (City Line Ave location), the wait to be served was beyond unacceptable!! Received our drink order after an hour but waited another just to place our food order. It took 2 hours to receive utensils and once we did they were not given out they were placed in the middle of the table. "Grab your own style". I was there with 2 adults (me included), a 10 yr old, a 2 year old, and 6 month old sleep in her stroller next to our table. After being ignored for over an hour 2 host actually asked us could we fold up our stroller that was near our table so another table could be moved over. No we could not! A baby was sleeping. The food was just okay! I ordered a Jack Daniels burger with no bacon and of course it came out with bacon. 3 orders of burgers. The rolls were so hard, my 10 yr old asked if the burgers were on bagel buns! Ha! No, they are "fresh" soft buns NOT! If you are looking for a drink, a wild night, loud environment and don't care, go here. If you care and want prompt service- drive by!!The food good the service f***ing sucks its the worst i went there years ago and it was bad but this was the worst ever it was 10pm i just got done seeing dark knight at kop on my way home my bf and i decided to get a late night snack nothing major just a couple apps.  First it took someone a good 5 min to even notice that we were there cuz no one was at the hostess stand then they told us the wait was 10 min i was like wait there was 3 tables right near the door empty so we waited he sat us down and said our server would be right over 20 min later now lie i am surprised i waited that long he took our order including drinks and never even said sorry for the wait so were order and figuring he would come back with our drinks yeah right they did not come out till he brought the food which took a bit long for 2 sampler platters then he happened to walk by again and we asked for second drink half way through the meal he said ok never saw him for 15 min we sat there looking at each other done our food and no drinks no check no waiter we told another waiter in the section to get our waiter we wanted our check out waiter came back and left the check on the table and never brought the second drink so we paid and left no tip by the way and i never ever do that never i refuse but i guess he was not worried he was to busy with whatever since we hardly saw him at his other tables in the section.  I will never go there again i will drive to center city out of my way next time.Fridays is great the jack Daniels sauce is to die for and they have every drunk in the book just great food always got great consistencyThe food was pretty good, what you'd expect at a Friday's. However, our wait at lunchtime seemed longer than necessary and put us in a bit of a time crunch. If you're in the mood for TGI Fridays food, I'd recommend eating there, but just not if you're in a hurry.Always love always good people you feel like family when your a first timer or a regularSo this place was down in the dumps before AI rolled into town.  AI created a new vibe in this place.  This place is making moneeey now thanks to AI.  Hope he is getting a piece of the gold.
Just asked if I can get the flyers game on and one of the amazing bartender says they haven't had Comcast here since AI left Philadelphia.  What?  Can't even enjoy a Sixers, flyers or a Phillies game here?  
Done!!!I brought my mom here for lunch. Overall, everything is okay. I had a burger, but I've had better. The wait wasn't long. And the host and other waiters were overall respectful. Don't know what it's like getting there when the crowd swells. It was alright.Called in for take-out. Guy on the phone told me food will be ready in 15-20 minutes. Now I'm here it's damn near past 30 minutes since I ordered. No biggie though, because it was busy in there. I used to work in a restaurant, understand. I should of walked out as soon as I walked in the door. I didn't feel comfortable inside. It was very loud, and somewhat unruly inside. A lot of hood rat customers was in there. Their conversations was way too loud! Not surprised though. Hunger prevailed over common sense. Some of the waiters acted unprofessionally. I think I saw one dancing like she was in a rap video, and talking hoodrat slang. She should of left that sh-t at home, or for the birds. Anyway, I enjoyed the steak. I don't recommend dining in if you looking for a quiet family type atmosphere with good service. You won't get it here. This place 2 stars at best. I will not repeat!!! There were some doable chocolate honey waitresses working in there though. I would only come back here only if I can eat them...lol.A lot has changed since I've been here but my daughter is expecting and was craving mozzarella sticks, so she went for endless apps. Our server was great but the food was so so. If I never go back I will be fine.Quite possibly the worst tgi Friday in the USA. Extremely crappy service. Takes 30 mins to get your order taken after waiting 30mins for a table.
It took this location over an hour to get the orders to the table only to find out they messed the orders up!
Incompetence rules here. If you still decide to come here....good luck. I have to give it a star because yelp won't let me give it a black hole.
Not recommended. T.G.I. Fridays should check up on this location...they're losing out. BIG TIME.There is absolutely no reason for service to be this slow. No excuse at all. And the fact that they have security in here makes me wander how ratchet this place really is? The staff is too laid back..dont come here unless u like waiting in 20 minute intervals to find ur waitress...Great service from John and Daryn!!!! They are awesome bar tenders!!! Come to this location and definitely ask for them. They will take good care of you!!!worst food place ever, i wouldnt even call it a restaurant
I ordered a jack Daniel ribeye with half rack rib and my girl ordered a flat iron, both medium. But both came out over well done. The rib is like plastic. The "ribeye" isnt really ribeye, more like cheap beef from dollar tree. 
The drinks cannot be worse. 
Seriously, dont even try.Complete waste of my life. Terrible service and mediocre food are the only accurate descriptions of this place. I was served old, brown broccoli, my steak was undercooked, and I was up charged to replace my side, which is mash potatoes by default, to French fries. My waitress, diamond, was completely rude and inconsiderate and the management was just as bad. Went I called him I over to tell him about my experience his face already told me he didn't want to hear what I had to say, and actually had the audacity to argue with me over the quality of my food. The worse customer service I've ever experienced and I work in food service. Save yourself the money and NEVER EVER COME TO THE FRIDAYS ON CITY AVE!Terrible experience me and my girlfriend went here for a drink and a quick bite to eat, first the hostess seemed as though she didn't  want to seat us. Then we sat there at our table for 30 mins while servers walked by us no one took my order or even cared to ask if we had been helped. Literally watched other people be seated and order and receive there food before anyone came to our table.Then when the server finally came we asked to speak with a manager she left and came back 10 mins later to tell us the manager couldn't speak with us. Absolutely terrible service will never go to this particular Friday's again!I'll admit I'm a little biased because Fridays is one of my favorite places to go. The food is good, drink are good. But the wait can be pretty lengthy.Wow! Would have been nice to even try to order food like some of the other reviews. Yet, I never got the opportunity. Their staff has been so scathingly terrible that this is my first and last review and the last time I'll ever try this restaurant. In the past I've always been met with the long wait to sit and order food for no apparent reason similar to other reviews. The final straw was last night when After nearly a year of not eating here I tried to place an Order for carry out. I was met with hearing the hostess' conversation with co-workers for about 15 sec before she actually even gave a greeting! Really??!  She was not cordial in anyway. In addition, she transferred me to the kitchen to make my order and no one ever picked up! After two attempts, and complaining to the hostess (which obviously went nowhere) I gave up. Never will go back...Me and my friends just go for the drinks on Wednesday for the 5$ Long Island ice teas....wow! That's all imma sayThe most unprofessional and unsanitary place ever
VERY LOUD MAJORITY NOISE WAS FROM THE STAFF SCREAMING... Waiters trying to take numbers for personal dates..smh
The trash can overflowed as it sat next to the ice barrel.Finally when staff moved the trash can because i was watching another staff pulled it right back next to the ice barrel that the staff was using to serve drinks..... No one used the ice scooper at.
When staff decided to finally change the trash bag a piece of trash fell in the ice barrel and he left it there. 
The next waiter needed ice for a table and used the cup to scoop with one hand and the other hand to grab the trash out of the ice barrel and put it back in the trash ....
My waiter comes and say i saw you watching so i used the ice scooper ...... That was enough for me .....This place was horrible on a Thursday night at 9pm i can only imagine other nights..
What a nightmare I ran out and won't be backZero stars!! My group called ahead for the party and it took over an hour for a salad and I walked out because an hour later- still no food? Are you kidding me? We ordered quickly asked for checks when we ordered, so unprofessional and unorganized. A salad!!!Called in for take out today, figuring that the post game croud would have cleared out already.After calling and being hung up on twice, I should have known.I just had to have those J.D Ribs.After the third call and 5 minutes on hold I finally placed my order to very un pleasant gentleman on the other end "Ma'am im trying to take your order" over the loud screaming and conversations on his end "Can you speak slower or come in to place your order"After placing my order I was told 20 minutes...which I knew would be more like 35minutes.1 hour later, still no food.After I was told to wait at the bar with my two year old son, I was not pleased! The manager offered to give me a two free desserts, whicch by the way if I wanted them I would have to wait another 20min.lol.If I want J.D ribs next time i'll make them myself.Service was pretty bad. We were not greeted by our server for a long time. Once it was time for us to be seated, they took us to a table in a dark corner and we had to move the table over towards the light so we could see. My drink took forever to come out. Our food also kept coming out separately, and everybody knows that everyone at the table is supposed to get their food at the same time. I understand that it was busy at the time but some things are just unacceptable.Exactly what you expect from a TGI.  Food is average service is average. They need to fix the tablet capabilities to handle multiple payersCame here after a long 2 hour church service . Surprisingly almost empty . Got seated right away .We immediately  went to the endless app menu. Of course it is limited to your usual boneless wings , meatballs , flatbread . The usual . We took the hate .All together We tried the pot stickers , boneless buffalo wings , bbq chicken flat bread and the meatballs . Everything was good except the meatballs being all pork and the texture being mooshy . The portions also get smaller as you go a long or at least that's what it seemed like (conspiracy theory ) . All in all not a bad experience and the drinks were made well as well . We got the Crown Apple Sour and A long Island . Staff was friendly and quick . 
Side Note : If your from philly and familiar with this location there is a running joke that this is "Club Fridays " because on most days after a certain time there is a full blown DJ and party music .Well, I can't say much about this Friday's for my visit in July, 2015. The Greeter was the only positive point, as he was very nice. I then sat at a table in the bar area, which was not crowded, maybe about 1/2 full. There may have been between 3-5 people  behind the bar at any time, sometimes not busy, and not one person of any type of job came over to me in the 15 minutes before I walked out. 
Parking can be tricky, as they share a lot with a large hotel.In the few and far between times I actually visit this Fridays, it always has a way of reminding me just how delicious black men can be. I forget sometimes...sue me. 
I admit it. I come here for two reasons. The eye-candy and the drinks. For those reasons alone I have no interest in coming here unless its on a Friday or Saturday night. The food is solid at times and a major letdown at others. Depends on how much the waiter/waitress likes you. The majority of my experiences have been pretty ok. I've even had a waiter flirt with me in front of my father. Now that's bold. 
For food I suggest either the Sizzling Parmesan Crusted Chicken or Sizzling Chicken and Cheese. These dishes have yet to fail me.  Don't bother with the steaks or the ribs. Save that money and go to a legit steakhouse.
The drinks are usually strong and not too bad a hit on the wallet. They have a large variety which is always nice.
It definitely is the place for the grown (but not always so sophisticated) to hit up before going out. Some even make this their night out. 
One thing I did like is that I can still take my younger siblings (12,14) here on a Saturday after 10, and not worry about reckless behavior, profanity, and or drunk messiness. Maybe that happens after 12...I'd have to agree with Misha. This location is pretty 'hood for the neighborhood it happens to be in.
That being said, that didn't stop my friend and I from ordering a few drinks and having a good time. We ordered the Island Punch which is amazing (even though its like $9, it's a nice size).
Whoever designed the bathrooms must've been a huge fan of Labyrinth though. Each stall faces a different angle/wall; it's rather weird.Went a few weekends back with my fiancé since I got coupons in the mail. 
It was a bit crowded and loud,but, were in the mood to drink and party. We took a seat at the bar. 
I will say they were a little pricier than comparable chains,but, the service was good and the food came out perfect. A steak, burger, sides,  and drinks galore which also included a bottle of wine and  huge Long Island iced teas in the mix among others came out to be $70 with tip. Drunk me is always a little more generous than my usual 15%. Especially since we had a good time.
Would return.I've had mixed experiences with different TGI Friday's restaurants, but this one is consistently terrible.  Most of the servers are rude and don't seem to care about customer service (my apologies to the few who do), and the quality of the food is inconsistent at best.  I was once served a bowl of soup and was told they were out of spoons.  There are plenty of other places in the area to go for pub food.  I'd suggest going to one of them instead.
And if you get the feeling that the place isn't that clean, their health inspection reports pretty much confirm this.  Gross.Friday afternoon., it was a little busy but we got seated after 15-20min. Food came in a reasonable time. My steak wasn't as tender as I expected but not bad. My friend pastas were cold so they heated up for her. Overall it was fine.What a disaster.  My co worker and I were there two weeks ago for lunch.  Our server was the brightest spot in this farce.   She was kind, funny, and did her best.  The spinach flatbread was good, I have to say.  The rest was awful.  The korean steak tacos were so bad that I spit it back out into my napkin.  My co worker asked for butter and it took about 15 minutes. Why?  The server explained to us that everything that comes out of the kitchen requires a ticket.  MELTED BUTTER required a ticket.  Wow.  
How did this place stay open and Houlihan's closed?Slow service, slow staff. Half empty restaurant and they told us it would be 15 mins for a table. When we said we were going somewhere else they were miraculously able to seat us. Long wait for food despite it being 2:30 pm on a sunday. Panera, chipotle, and California pizza kitchen are all within walking distance....go to one of those instead.I and my daughter stopped in tonight to grab a quick bite. unfortunately, no server ever came to our table.we waited 15-20 minutes. granted it was busy, but no one introduced themselves to us, or even acknowledged our presence. after becoming frustrated from hunger, I took my child and left. my understanding only comes from having worked for the company in the past, at a different location. but, given that experience and training, I know that the lack of professional etiquette was totally unacceptable. I am seriously considering never eating there again.Just horrible, took 20 minutes to take my order (carry out) & another 20 minutes just for a salad. Something needs to giveAfter my first experience, I should have took my own advice.Once again, take out Monday and I pick Friday's. I can't help it, I have a serious addiction to the J.D Sampler. Something about that sauce makes me brave horrible customer service.Called in my order at 730 exacly, knowing that this should be a busy time.Surprizingly, after 1 ring I got a somewhat polite gentleman on the other end, I give them one star for that. He took my order and almost got it correct the first time,1/2 star up! Food was promised at 745.I'm not a genuis but I know that 15 minutes is not a realistic time. 8:25....almost a hour (again) and the once polite gentleman, forgot my side salad.Unfortunatley I can't give credit for promising me my food at certain time and not delivering .So I take back all the stars and start from square one.
All in all food was good....Thank God it's not Friday!!!!This is the worst fridays I have ever been to. I took my parents there who are in from pittsburgh. The service sucks and the place is to loud 
Never come hereI really suspect that the only reason this place does any business is because it is in the same lot as the Crowne Plaza (which is a nice place by the way). From start to finish, I was thoroughly unimpressed and disappointed with the service. Nobody was rude, but it's clear that the servers either never learned how to properly care for customers, or they didn't practice whatnot here learned. The two people at the front area ignored me and kept chatting with a person who had already been helped. After a third person (the only professional one) came over, we actually got seated. We waited 20 minutes for our food. My salad was dressed incorrectly and clearly not checked by the server. He then promptly disappeared for 20 minutes, only running past us to do the fastest check in I've ever seen. I did manage to see 3 staff members playing with their cellphones, at least 4 stopping to watch thThe food was good. However both our Cobb Salads came out with no chicken on them. Our daughter ordered never ending apps. We were almost done eating when they finally came out. Then she asked for another order and we ended up taking them home. The 45 minutes we waited wasn't worth the headache!I have to say even though some of the reviews are negative I can't say the same thing. I haven't always been happy with TGIF in other locations but not here. We ate 2 meals here this week and it was very good. The servers were very courteous and friendly.The Fridays on City Line Avenue is very noteworthy indeed. The service SUCKS. And the funny thing is that I work there. Yes, I am amazed at my co-workers lack of respect for their job and their customers. This is the only restaurant that I have been to that I have seen a customer ask a waiter for help and for the waiter to respond, "I am not your waiter, that's not my job. You need to ask your waiter for that."
Granted, there are a few good servers. But the majority lounge around in the kitchen, avoiding work and waiting on their tables at all costs.  Yes, the food may be good at Fridays but if you are looking for exceptional service , look elsewhere. Or just ask for me when you come. :)Not that I give Fridays any sort of credance...but it's sort of food. And it got to the table.  Server was slow. He didn't refill drinks.  He didn't inform us of options with our meals (side order options.) The food was bland. Not even overly salty like most overly processed crap they typically churn out. The place overall is kinda grungy.  And noisy. Skip it and hit the place next door.  Potbelly station, California pizza kitchen, pei Wei...etcthe place is simply put,  disgusting the food is obviously heated the meshed potatos is sickening and obviously at least two days old. I tried my luck with steak thinking at least it is just a grilled piecw of meat but i couldnt finish it. 
The service staff are friendly and trying to be thier best but you cant really help it if you have a bad kitchen and ambience.
Finally I got sick two days later I guess one never stops learning..the hard way.The staff is okay at best. The place is always jam packed so I guess that explains why they take forever. I don't think I've ever been here and haven't had to wait to be seated.So far as food is concerned, one star is generous.  If I were to rate service, certainly 4 -- maybe even 5 stars.  So the good first.  We had a short wait and the host kept us informed on how much longer.  Our server, Juanita was pleasant, courteous, and attentive, making sure we had napkins, water, lemon for the iced tea, extra half-and-half for the coffee, etc.  When I pointed out that the steak I had ordered medium rare was cooked medium well + she had it taken off the menu.  So I don't want to carry this on too far.  Let me just say that the only discernible seasoning was salt and a whole lot of that.  We won't go back to this -- or any other -- Friday's.