A note to vegans planning on eating here: Thai Kuu has recently updated their menus to mark gluten free and vegan options. As someone who eats here fairly often, was really exciting for me. I ordered a soup that was marked vegan. Not once, but twice, did the soup come to me with chicken in it. The first time they were so appolegtic and promised there would not be a mishap with the new dish they brought. Wrong, chicken again. This is especially disappointing because the menu was just updated to mark vegan options. So to other vegans out there, maybe skip this one.Very excited to see a Thai place come into the neighborhood although the location of this restaurant is absolutely brutal. If you're not looking for Thai Kuu, you'll never ever see it. You may not even find it if you are looking for it. Thai Kuu is tucked in the corner of one of the worst plazas I've ever seen. It appears to just be a bus stop. Just be aware if your trying to find it. 
The restaurant itself is pretty nice. Well decorated, but it does have this odd bar that is lit up in this neon blue. Don't think I could sit there very long without getting a headache. I guess that goes along with it's modern decor. 
The service was very good here. Our waiter was timely, checking in on a regular basis. He was able to give us suggestions and answer any of the questions we had about the food. He was very friendly and accommodating. The food was prepared rather quickly so we weren't sitting around long without something to eat. The other staff members also kept our glasses full all night. 
For dinner I started with the edamame and the calamari.  The edamame was good but there wasn't any salt on it, which I prefer. The calamari was done in a tempura batter and served with a sweet and sour type sauce to dip. I really enjoyed it, but my fiancé didn't because the calamari is on the thicker side. For my entree I order the spicy crispy basil with duck. (I posted a picture of it) The duck and veggies were loaded with flavor. I definitely recommend it. I also got to try the crab pad Thai and I really enjoyed that as well. Never had crab in asian food besides sushi before, but this was a pleasant surprise. 
After watching so many places close over the past few months, I really hope Thai Kuu can find a way to stay afloat. It'll be tough with that location. Overall I think this is a great spot to eat. Always to see new restaurants come to town. If you like Thai food or Asian food in general, give Thai Kuu a shot.I really enjoyed my experience at Thai Kuu. The service was very friendly and accommodating. 
The green curry dish I ordered was super tasty and a little spicy which I enjoyed, but my date didn't. He ordered the red and it was much too hot for him. I'm sure they would adjust the temperature, but they didn't ask us as I normally experience in Thai restaurants and we forgot to ask them. 
The portions here are large and they were willing to alter the dish to remove ingredients. We ordered the lettuce wraps for an appetizer and it was so flavorful. I also experienced for the first time, a presentation of specials on an Ipad screen. It was cool to see the photos of the meals, but I had to keep asking the server to flip back to previous photos because there wasn't an actual specials menu to read, just the quick photo slideshow! The only downside was that it was super dark and there weren't candles. Also, the plates were oddly shaped, so it was slightly awkward if you need to cut something. 
The ambience is kind of trendy and it's a very clean and modern restaurant, but it still feels casual and welcoming. But maybe that was also because my server was so nice!I would give it 4 stars for the food and maybe 2 for the ambience.  It was very hot out so we sat inside.  We had reservations and were seated right away.  Service was attentive.  We had great appetizers but it was SO SO LOUD that we couldn't stay to order entrees.  With its very contemporary decor, There is NOTHING to absorb the sound and there are too many tables for a space that size.  I would only go back for lunch, to sit outside or when it's for some reason not crowded inside.  If noise doesn't bother you and you don't mind talking loud or not talking, it's fine.  But if you are at all sensitive to many decibels, stay away at prime times!  So great to have such wonderful Thai food in the neighborhood - but what a shame it's such an unpleasant atmposphere.We arrived here on a Friday night and it was packed! We are glad about this, we live near here and want a Thai place. In short...
- It's very cramped when busy, too cramped. Space needed... or the space needs to be re-evaluated.
- I've read reviews that the pad Thai was dry, this was definitely not dry. They've fixed it. Our chicken pad Thai was amazing. 
- we ate the duck golden baskets as an appetizer and it was amazing as well. 
- the prices are a bit high, however, the lunch specials redeem that. 
It's BYOB so yay! We'll gladly become regulars.The food is average but a little on the pricy side for Thai food. This is most likely due to their location. Sadly this part of the city is lacking many Thai options, so we eat here every couple of months, but I wish there were more Thai options in the neighborhood. 
They can do gluten free, but we are suspicious of cross contamination due to reactions my wife has had a few times after eating there.Adorable cozy Thai place! Love that it is a b.y.o.b
Great place for dinner with the girls or date night with your honey.I have been here on multiple occasions and find the food fresh and consistent. I do not recommend going during restaurant week, it really doesn't give you a good sense of the food. The tuna salad appetizer is wonderful. I have enjoyed all of the soups. The hot curry is spicy.  This is a byob with good service and a lovely outdoor seating area. Make your reservation with open table, phone communication can often be frustrating as you are asked to repeat yourself.The food is delicious. I ordered curry and rice and it exceeded my expectations. The service was amazing as well. The delivery man was very friendly. All in all, this restaurant is very good.*** If you want to eat dinner here on the weekend I highly recommend making a reservation. ***
We arrived for our 9:15 reservation on time. We waited about 5-10 minutes as the couple who were sitting at our reserved table dilly-dalied on leaving. We were eventually seated, and the waiter promptly arrived. We decided to place our entire order at once, and the drinks arrived at the table within minutes. 
+ FOOD:
The soups were promptly served, and the salad was right behind it. Honestly I think the Tom Kha soup was amazing. The balance of all the flavors was great, as it's typically mediocre coconut water. The Tom Gha soup was OK, I thought the lemongrass flavor came out really well, but I also felt the typical thai balance was slightly off. Not horrible, but I've had better.
We got the Labb Kah Salad to share. Lots of meat and veggies. The fresh thai basil was a great addition to what you typically get elsewhere. I tend to like my dressings a bit more pungent and citrusy like you get in a lot of the thai restaurants, but they did a lighter more balanced dressing which was a nice alternative.
For the main courses, we ordered a Green Curry Chicken, Ginger Chicken stir-fry and a Shrimp Pad Thai. The green curry was awesome. It had a nice balanced fresh taste with a medley of veggies and a whole heck of a lot of chicken. It also had a nice subtle warm feeling to it's overall spicy level.
The Ginger Chicken stir fry was delicious as well. It had a very good balance of the thai basil, pungent fish sauce/lime juice combo with a fresh ginger flavor. Again, not shy on the chicken or veggies.
The Shrimp Pad Thai, to me, was a little underwhelming (although the rest of the party loved it). I'm not really a fan of Pad Thai to begin with, so that may be my problem. The shrimp were a great size and plentiful. The noodles were abundant. I would describe the sauce as "eeehhhhh" though. It tasted like a good barbecue sauce that belonged on something charred on the grill, not as a sauce for a noodle dish. 
Every plates presentation was beautiful.
+ THE DECOR/INTERIOR:
It's VERY cramped, as the space always has been (back when it was Rollers, and Shundees respectively). I like the renovations though, as it's modernized the look. I'm not sure why the previous reviewer gave it a horrible review for its size (as there isn't much that can be done aside from removing the bar). I also enjoyed how the gardens outside have been landscaped in preparation for the outdoor seating already placed. 
The acoustics are a bit much when the place is packed-- maybe some fabric draped from the ceilings would help with this. 
We did see a party of 7 being seated, but really I wouldn't recommend any party larger than 4 to 6.
+ THE STAFF:
The staff was very attentive. Again, I'm not sure what happened the night of the one reviewer, but I'm thinking it was maybe their first or second week open and they're still learning what works and what doesn't. 
+ GENERAL:
This is a BYOB.
+ FINAL THOUGHTS:
I gave the restaurant a 4 star review because of acoustics and size/orientation of furniture. Not REALLY their fault, but IMHO removing the bar would definitely help.
I recommend it for good Thai in the Rox/Yunk/Mr Airy/CH area. We all know we're shy on good Thai places around so suck it up; it's worth being a little cramped and having to speak a little louder. It's great food.Had a great experience at Thai Kuu! Let me start with the service. David, our server, was super nice. He was very attentive, knowledgeable of the menu items, and really made an effort to see that we had a good time. 
We had dinner at Thai Kuu on a Friday night and luckily I had made a reservation. They sat us right away and within 20 minutes the place was packed. The space it occupies is pretty small and they definitely have the maximum amount of seating that is possible. Eventually it got a little cramped and a little loud but I was with good company so it really didn't bother us. 
Now the food...as an appetizer I shared the Thai Fresh Lettuce Wrap and the Thai Crispy Golden Bag. Both were absolutely delicious. The bags were fried to perfection and had a dipping sauce that was to die for. The lettuce wraps were almost equally as good and fun to put together. 
As a main dish I had the Crab Pad Thai and the Himmaparn Pineapple with beef. I love that you choose the meat with all of the entrees. It really makes your menu options endless! The pad thai was great although the noodles were slightly undercooked. The beef and pineapple dish was amazing and the presentation was super neat (see picture). 
Overall, my experience at Thai Kuu was two thumbs up! If it impresses again the second time around this place will definitely get 5 stars from me!!As a fellow entrepreneur, I know that it is difficult to launch a company, and a restaurant is no different.  Thai Kuu is a start-up restaurant and should be evaluated as such.  For those Yelpers who evaluated Thai Kuu at 1-star, I completely understand that you probably experienced the start-up kinks.  Here is my justification for 5-stars:
The Fried Chicken Dumplings were very good, the only thing missing was a sauce to go with it.
The Thai Fresh Lettuce Wraps were very good as well and completed a very good appetizer experience.
The Red Curry Chicken was great.  I eat Red Curry almost every time I have Thai, and I guarantee you will enjoy this.
The Macadamia Duck was excellent.  I highly recommend it.   My wife and I both enjoyed this.
We sat outside, and it was a very nice 80-degree Philly night in this enclosed shopping center area.  We really enjoyed the overall experience.
This place has strong potential.  My wife and I spoke with the lovely owner, Atchara, for 10 minutes after our meal tonight, and she discussed everything they are doing to improve the restaurant.
This is the first time I have seen restaurant owners admittingly Yelp they are working to fix the problems, and I believe it.
Give this place a shot because it can be a Chestnut Hill favorite with the right following.  And we all can acknowledge that Chestnut Hill is STRUGGLING with good restaurants....more reason to get this place up and running.High quality food. The shrimp are SO GOOD. I like that it's a byob. 
My only disappointment was the small amount of pad thai in the take out order.  I was still hungry after eating.I reeeeally want to give this restaurant 3.5 stars.  I love the look of the restaurant and the staff was very friendly.  My husband and I went on a Sunday afternoon, and it was quiet.  The food was prepared really well, and we truly enjoyed everything we ordered.  The problem lies within the portions of the food. I usually dont eat much and end up bringing a to-go box home, but I left the restaurant and I was still hungry!  If we go back, we'll make sure to eat a full meal in advance. :o)Ordered spicy chicken fried rice and red curry with chicken. The food was really good with the right balance of spices,  though a bit pricey.  Would definitely go back.  The service is good and the owner checked in with us to see if everything was good and had a nice conversation.We were seated right away on a very mellow Saturday night, but it took about 15 minutes for anyone to even come over to give us water. There was a female waitress that kept signaling a male waiter to come over, but it took him a while. The food was phenomenal, from appetizers to dessert. The service could be better.Consistently good food. Great prices, elegant surroundings. Tom yum soup, fresh spring rolls & the curries followed by green tea ice cream are our staples.I generally have really enjoyed all of the food I have gotten at Thai Kuu. Sometimes dishes are over salted, but overall good quality. The food is always fresh. I do think that is is extremely overpriced for what you get. I mean.. $13 for veggie fried rice seems excessive. It would also be great if they let you get side dishes like spring rolls in smaller portions for a lower price like most other chinese and thai take-out places. If the prices were lower, I would defintely give Thai Kuu 4 stars. 
I have only done take-out, so I cannot comment on service for a sit down meal. Service when picking up has always been friendly and fairly quick. Delivery took about an hour on a Saturday night and we live about 10 minutes away.I didn't even know chestnut hill had a thai resturant. Had dinner here recently. Made reservations. 
Staff was super nice (david I think) and attentive. 
I had the duck appetizer (in a fried wrapper) and this other scallop item on their specials list. I preferred the duck although both items were delish.
I had to stay away from pad thai since I always always get that. I got the pad num prik (?)...my friend got the spicy basil. Despite being separate items the sauce for both tasted really similar. I took mine home because for some odd reason I was full after a few bites. 
It's BYOB so I just had the thai ice tea which was as expected- yum.
I didn't feel my entree was out of this world but maybe it was just my selection or maybe I just wasn't really hungry that night so I couldn't appreciate it.Another accidental find. Tried to get into Heirloom and were not disappointed at all to find Thai Kuu, with its hip dining room and covered outdoor space. 
It's a BYOB but conveniently the state store is a few doors away.  They serve a full range of Thai specialties, as well as "on the rock" meals which you cook yourself on a 700 degree rock!  Since we didn't feel like "cooking" we opted for shrimp red curry and the softshell crab special. Note that iPads are used to display the beautifully crafted specials - I totally dig SEEING as well as hearing about the specials!
Softshells were beautifully presented with and orchid on top. Red shrimp curry was NO JOKE!  Food is authentically spicy. Wakes you up for sure, and left my lips tingling!  Coconut sorbet was divine and helped to cool my lips down :)
A great find, we'll be back!Staff is friendly, polite and quick. Atmosphere was very quant and quiet. Food was delicious and we'll priced. Highly recommend the crispy golden bags and Pad Thai, or drunken noodles.Best Thai food in the area ... my boyfriend and I order from here maybe once a week...First off, the service was exceptional, where my young kids were concerned. The staff was cheery and anticipated almost any situation, without being asked. For that I give 5 stars. 
From the 3 dishes I thought my kids could for sure to eat, as they do not do well with spice,  the Pad Thai was the best for them. The other two dishes, two starters were OK but a bit spicy: a) the duck packets were yummy(and my younger child agreed), and the shrimp shumai was too greasy in my opinion (so I wouldn't get that again).
For our mains, we ordered an unusual fillet minion steak in Penang Curry, and the steak was was excellent and tender, but it was grilled and just plopped atop the curry. Really they should have two separate dishes. As for our other main, the pineapple rice was presented nicely, but it was HEAVY on the salt, and the stir fry hadn't been done correctly as the egg in it had obviously been thrown in while frying the rice (you need to pre-fry the egg and chop it finely into the prepared rice at the last minute), as the rice was clumped and mushy and not a ricey texture which I'm used to for such a dish (and yes, I've lived in Thailand, so I know). Also, it was VERY expensive at $20 for that rice dish alone. The prices are def. $$$.
The deserts of sticky rice with mango was delish and the gingery creme caramel was subtle and creamy. The green tea ice-cream wasn't as good as I've had it elsewhere though, so might give that a miss next time.
Also, when making a booking, ask to be seated away from the windows, and along the wall, as during the winter there was a strong cold draft and my kids had to wear their winter coats to stay warm. I suppose we could have asked to be re-seated, but the restaurant filled up too quickly.
I would come back, but for lunch as I understand that their lunches are far more reasonable in pricing and it would be a good way to sample the food quality consistency. Then maybe return and give the dinner option a 2nd chance on a "date night".The food is fabulous. I have become such a fan of their curry with vegetables and tofu that I can't bring myself to order anything else. They have 4 different curries and each can be served with veggies, tofu, shrimp, salmon, chicken, duck, beef, filet mignon or sea bass. I had the green curry twice and the milder penang curry once. The green curry was just a little bit too spicy for me, so tonight I asked if they could make it a little less spicy. It was perfect -- flavorful, but not sending me to gulp down lots of water. The gentler penang curry is also delicious.
Tonight I went with a friend who claimed to not be wild about Thai food, but she went along because the other place we were considering was closed. To her surprise, she was absolutely delighted and she informed me (several times) that "we are coming back!"
We shared an order of fried edamame dumplings and an order of crispy spring rolls. Both were fabulous and good for sharing. For her entree, my friend had pad thai with salmon. Like the curry, you can get the pad thai with your choice of tofu, shrimp or a variety of fish or meat options. She said it was one of the best pad thais that she has had. 
The portions are generous. I thought that the price was quite reasonable. Our meal of two appetizers and two entrees came to almost exactly $50, or $60 with a 20% tip. That's $30 per person for a really fabulous meal.
I love the fact that they have such good vegetarian and vegan options.
I'm definitely coming back!Can't imagine what would have made our lunch better.  Had Tom Kha (coconut soup), Goyza (steamed dumplin\gs) and Green Curry.  Everything from the atmosphere, service and food was outstanding.  Eager to go back!Great food, nice atmosphere... Clean, quaint...food arrival was a little slow but was great tasting the day I wentVery good Thai food. 16 of us went for my daughter's wedding rehearsal dinner. The table was set and ready for us. It was great being a byo. We shared appetizers and then ordered from the menu.
It is a small place but service and food were great.Thai Kuu. Found it doing a quick search on Friday on my way home from work as a place to take my husband for his birthday for dinner. It turned out to be a fantastic choice! Last minute reservations placed on Yelp were easy.
We were both happy with our Duck entrees (mine the pad thai and hubby the macadamia duck). We started with spring rolls and soup (double yum) and finished then sharing the tempura ice cream. 
The service and attention paid by the staff was wonderful as well. We felt very taken care of, not rushed and enjoyed the atmosphere tremendously. 
If I *had* to complain it would only be about how tight the space is and how loud it was... but it's a small room and I'm sure they want to accommodate as many people as possible... we survived just fine though.
Check it out!It is a cute little Thai restaurant located in chestnut hill and BYOB! If you forget to bring a bottle of wine, just go to the state store located next door. Overall their dishes are good. Pad Thai is a bit oily for me. All the curry dishes are good. The service can be hit or miss. One of the make waiters wore rally dirty pants and smelled like an ash tray. On top of that he complaints about one of the female waitresses.A new local favorite! I can't believe it took me this long to try Thai Kuu. We kept meaning to go. But now I've been twice in about a week. :)
The first visit was with a friend on a pouring rain Friday night. The server was very helpful with recommendations, friendly, stayed on top of water and wine refills and really did a great job. So hopefully the earlier reviews of slow service have been corrected now that they've been in business longer. The food was great. I'm a big lover of leek cakes/buns and was so happy to find someplace close to home that makes these. The half-pineapple tofu was fantastic and my friend's curry salmon had lots of great flavor and well-cooked salmon (too many places cook it til it's almost dried out). 
I went back again for take-out over the weekend and enjoyed their shrimp shumai this time, too. Prettier than the ones you usually get and plenty of shrimp. I recommend a thai iced coffee to pass the time if you're waiting on a takeout order. So sweet and creamy they disappear in an instant.
I really love what they did with the atmosphere here. So much prettier than its last incarnation. But my favorite thing is that nearly all the dishes on the menu offer your choice of meats/seafood/tofu/veg, so they have the best vegetarian selection around.Great Thai food, inventive, and original.  Spice to your level of desire.
Took my daughter, granddaughter and vegetarian son-in-law there last night, and they all enjoyed it thoroughly.I have been coming.here since they opened and I have always been pleased with the service and the food. First it is so lovely inside ,the decor is perfect. The servers are all friendly and very knowledgeable about the menu. I like that when it's nice they offer outside service. I always go with friends and we all love it here. I really enjoy their dumplings and spring rolls, but my favorite thing is the crab fried rice. I get it almost every time. Also they have delivery which is great. Keep up the good work guys you're awesome!!!A hidden gem. Excellent food, huge portions, reasonable pricing for what you get. Very modern decor that made me feel like I was eating somewhere luxurious- though still casual.Although this restaurant is at 35 Bethlehem Pike in  Chestnut Hill, you should know that its entrance is from the parking lot. It's not quite visible from the street. We sat outside because it was noisy inside, and everyone seemed happy with their choices. We had vegetarian summer rolls and shrimp summer rolls for appetizers. Everything was fresh and nicely served. For our entrees, we enjoyed a mix - Penang curry with salmon, tofu and ginger curry, and two other entrees, one with chicken and one with seafood. Portions were generous. My Penang curry was a bit spicier than expected, but I didn't think to ask for it to be mild. 
We chose the restaurant as halfway between our two houses, but we would definitely go back for another meal.Great place! Came here because the wonderful decor and ambience caught my eye. The food did not disappoint! Crispy Basil is great along with the Pineapple Himmaparn. The waitstaff and owners were especially accommodating and even helped with a family emergency. Make to visit this restaurant so we can make it a Chestnut Hill staple!Very good food.  It's very cozy and I love the ambiance.  I've dined in twice, once for lunch and once for dinner.  I noticed that during the evening hours the sevice is a little slow.  I usually call ahead and pick up my food anyway.Fancier than your usual thai fare. They have outdoor seating which is nice for those summer days. They play music on their speakers outside which is a nice added touch. They served every table complementary shrimp chips at dinner. They don't have much vegan options on their menu for apps except salad and a coconut based soup which was good. I ordered the spicy basil dish with vegetables. I'm not familiar with thai food but I thought at most thai restaurants I've been to that they served eggplant with this which this restaurant did not. I asked our server for the sauce on the side since I don't like dishes too saucy and she looked at me like I had 2 heads because I guess no one really requests this. But when the entree came out the chef knew what he was doing because it came out exactly the way I wanted the dish! The dish was good but I don't think they had enough variety of veggies. Too many string beans.  Nether less my bf enjoyed his dish crab fried rice. Very nice atmosphere overall and professional fun staff but for the food in a vegan perspective I thought they could add more variety.Excellent Thai destination! 
Thai Kuu has a large menu of traditional classics as well as innovative specials. 
Adorable, romantic, chic BYO setting.
Service is attentive and pleasant.I would say more like 3.5 stars~
Cozy atmosphere, food is decent, not as good as last year, when they had Chef Tae.
I would say it's a spot where you would stop by once a month~
Nothing that really blows me away~The food here is always top notch. The green curry is my absolute favorite! The service is always in point too. I love going here and can't wait to go back again soon.This place has improved over time. On my last visit all dishes my group ordered were delicious. We tried a scallop special, a stir fry dish, and a Panang curry. I love that it's byob, prices are reasonable, and the shady outside seating is perfect on a hot day.I've always wanted to try Thai Kuu since I regularly walk past it on my way to the liquor store.  The fantastic Yelp deal ($10 for $20 of credit) provided the ideal opportunity.
Service:  Terrible.  That sounds harsh, but the waiter forgot to put in one of the apps we ordered (Daily special Dragon Roll), consequently by the time we politely inquired (graciously allowing him to keep his dignity) and the dish came out we were more or less done with our meal.  
Food:  Meh, at best.  In fairness we ordered a small army of appetizers only, and didn't try any of the more traditional Thai dishes.  Perhaps these are delicious, but I'll probably never know because I won't be going back to Thai Kuu.  One of the apps (Tempura Calamari) came out colder than room temp, obviously it had been sitting for awhile before being brought out.  Shame because the sauce that came with it was phenomenal.  The other apps were ok, nothing special.  Chicken Skewers, Leek Buns, Shrimp Shumai, Softshell Crab were what we had.  I'm not mentioning any of them individually because they simply aren't worth it.Atmosphere was trendy and aesthetically appealing, from the black/white/orange color palate to the trendy shapes to the dinnerware.  The service was above board.  The food was a little pricey, but worth every penny.I eagerly anticipated the arrival of Thai Kuu - first, CH could really use a Thai restaurant and it adds another option for takeout in the neighborhood.  The location has several perks - parking is made easy with the lot and the outdoor seating is not abutting a street, so traffic does not spoil a nice meal. It is decorated nicely and has a cool, modern atmosphere.  it is BYOB and there is a liquor store right next door if you forget wine.  
     With all of that going for it, I am disappointed I can't give it a better review.  Had a reservation for early on a Sunday evening. We were seated promptly and placed our orders a few minutes later.  And then waited 70 minutes (!) for the food to arrive.  (All the while, given explanations that it would only be a few more minutes and that things were just "moving slowly".  No kidding.) When the food did arrive, it took an additional five minutes to get silverware.  The food was served at room temperature - which made the pad Thai seem congealed and chewy.  It was clearly left under a heat lamp, which is inexcusable - particularly after the delay and our inquiries. So disappointing. 
     Service was terrible - the waiter was pleasant enough but not attentive.  No one checked to see how our meal was or whether we needed anything.  After sitting for an additional 10 minutes after eating, we finally got up and retrieved our own check.  The plates were never cleared.  Other patrons were having the same luck. We watched as people waited a long time to be seated as tables sat empty - they were vacated but then not cleared.  
     It seemed like the food might be good, if it was served promptly and I hope this place can get it together because it does have a lot going for it.  However, these are the types of kinks that I would expect to be worked out at this point.  The meals are too expensive to risk another experience like this one.Sadly I've had a couple of poor customer service experience and am taking my review down a star. On one occasion, I was misinformed that the spring rolls did not have wheat in them (although really they were coated in flour on top of the rice paper wrapper), and a waiter told me they were okay to order with a wheat allergy. This is a huge mistake, and makes me wary to trust them in the future with allergy questions. 
About a week ago, my family called to see if it was possible to come in for dinner on a Friday night, and the staff was rude over the phone and made us feel as if we were being a nuisance since they had other reservations already made. 
The food and decor here are still great -- but I am disappointed in the service recently and it will affect whether I continue to come back.Went early on a Saturday evening with my wife.  Place was almost empty (though it still felt cramped because they had so many tables and staff).  Service was friendly but not very experienced.  Kind of like a puppy -- very eager, but a bit clumsy.
Our appetizers we disappointing -- we had the thai chicken skewers and the duck "tea bags". The chicken was flavorless and my duck appetizer had several pieces of grizzle and bone in it.  Underwhelming for $8 each.  Our main courses were a beef stir fry and shrimp pad thai.  Flavors and level of heat were very good and just as we requested.  But were they worth $15-$19 each?  Not so sure. So, in the end it was "ok,"  but there are better alternatives not far away. Sorry to say that  I doubt we'll go back.This was our first time dining here. It was recommended by Food Chasers on IG. The food was delicious. I had spicy basil shrimp and my hubby had a dish with chicken & veggies, and calamari as a appetizer. Loved the atmosphere, outside seating was great too. My only complaint was the sever Chris who was recommended wasn't there, & our waitress was nice, but not very attentive and seemed like she was new. We look forward to returning with an out of town guest soon.Thai Kuu is the best Thai food I have tried in the Philadelphia area.  I have been there at least 15 times and have tried at least 10 different entrees.  All have been excellent IMHO.
Lately the service doesn't seem to be as fast, but nothing to complain about.  All in all, I highly recommend to anyone looking for a nice Thai meal.Beautiful restaurant! Decors made me feel like i am eating amongst goddesses, so simple, classy and clean. Awesome lunch special! Perfect portion sizes and super affordable. Came here for green curry and it gave me just what I needed.
BYOB with no cork fees. Waitors were so nice to give us a bucket of ice for the wine we bought next door.
At a very great location in Chestnut Hill, so after this warm meal, I jsut took a nice walk around the neighborhood and boutiques.This place smells like a dog kennel! It was terrible. I could not enjoy anything we ordered because the smell was so bad. I thought we were eating at the SPCA. I will not go back.Cute little place with great food! Love that it's BYOB and has outdoor seating. I've enjoyed everything I've eaten here, especially the variety of curry they have. I love coming by here on a Friday night for a guaranteed good dinner!Great service, delicious tasting food and very small and cozy. Might get a little loud but not a bother. And the presentation of the food is just great!Went to Thai Kuu with another couple and had a wonderful meal.  Our waiter (Christopher) was excellent and very personable.  This is a BYOB which is a nice plus and we didn't even have to ask for a bucket to keep the beer and wine chilled.
We all shared some of the edamame dumplings which were delicious along with the Thai Lettuce Wrap which was tasty.  The seared ahi tuna wasabi salad was just OK - the tuna was perfectly cooked but the salad seemed to be missing the wasabi dressing.  I had the seafood Pad Kee Mao which was just the right amount of spicy.  My girlfriend had the Salmon with the Panang Curry and enjoyed it.  
Overall, a very good meal and we will go back again.Food was digesting! Worst Thai food I ever ate in my whole life! This place does not deserve a 3 stars. I've been working down center city as a waitress for so long, have tried many Thai food and it's so upsetting because my boyfriend is Thai. They had carrots in every dish, all their food was so sweet! Tom Kah was sweet, fried rice was sweet, pad Thai was sweeter than candy. I felt like I was going to get diabetes by the end of the night. Waitress did not pay attention to us she did not even ask how was the food, maybe because they know that their food isn't that authentic. Service was bad, food was horrible! On top of that I came with a group of friend we all did not like our food but did not want to be rude to ask if they can take it off the check instead we packed everything to go and guess where it went? In the trash of course so gross and so upsetting.So delicious. So fresh. So clean. They will do anything to make you happy. Their ginger dressing (which they will make gluten free upon request) is to die for. Avocado salad is so abundant and decadent with a ton of avocado. 
The papaya salad (and the marinade which is super authentic) is also abundant, and super fresh. 
Lettuce wraps are fabulous, as was the coconut curry with Sea Bass (my mom ordered this and the entire table melted over its deliciousness).
So many amazing vegan options, as well
Although the speed of the service was not super quick, it shines through in the food. Nothing was cold or anything other than perfect in terms of timing, temperature, and flavors.
Also restaurant is right next to Wine & Spirits. Being that Thai Khuu is BYO, it is quite the locationEnvironment in our restaurant. We have many tables and booths. You can bring your own bottle (BYOB).Never disappointed. Always a great meal here. Can't beat their lunches. My go to spot in Chestnut Hill.I have been here several times and the food has always been nothing but delicious and spot on for the right amount of "heat" requested.  My faves are the macadamia duck (and I have never eaten duck before), not gamey or tough and perfectly moist.  Also love the pad thai chicken and crispy spring rolls and fried tofu.  I really haven't experienced any service issues and everyone has always been attentive, friendly and very eager to please.  Don't let service complaints deter from trying this.  I think Thai Kuu is a great addition to the hill and adds a nice change from the usual burger, sandwich, pizza, etc...Today we moved our youngest son into a dorm at Drexel University to begin his college career. We're staying in an Air B&B not too far from Chestnut Hill and came over here looking for a reasonably priced, tasty dinner. And we found just that at Thai Kuu. 
We were seated immediately and snacked on shrimp toast crackers while we perused the menu. Our server allowed us time to make our selections, but was ready to take our order when we wanted her to. 
We started with the Thai Lettuce wraps. Delicious. Then we shared the Pineapple Himmaparn with chicken and the Massaman curry with shrimp. Both dishes were delicious. The shrimp were quite fresh, each of the sauces was rich and flavorful, and the portions were generous. 
We would absolutely recommend this restaurant if you are in the mood for Thai food and look forward to returning.I have been to Thai Kuu a few times for dine-in and a few times for take-out.  While their service was great (their waitstaff is SUPER friendly!!!), their portion sizes are small (lunch and dinner) and they are WAY overpriced ($13 for a small portion of over-sauced and under-veggied vegetarian curry???).  They are pretty stingy on the rice, especially for take-out.  Also, I have found that sometimes their curries are hit-or-miss, which combined with the price per portion makes this not a very good deal.  I will say that they have delicious thai iced tea, and the duck dumplings were great!The crab meat fried rice was excellent!! I plan on going back to get more.  I also tried the spring rolls which were good.We just had a very nice lunch at Thai Kuu!  It was a last minute decision that certainly paid off.  My husband and I opted for the lunch special - 1/2 soup, 1/2 and app and an entree.  The Tom Kha soup portion was generous, in my opinion, for a 1/2 portion and the two gyoza for the 1/2 app portion were perfect.  The chicken in both the soup and the gyoza was so tasty!  If I were to complain a teeny bit it would be that usually Tom Kha has a little more flavor from the chicken that it is usually made with.  Since you have your choice of meat in the soup, it is not cooked long in the actual broth.  Still, I very much enjoyed it.  For my entree...I am not sure exactly what people are talking about, portion size wise b/c I thought they were perfectly portioned for lunch (even for dinner).  My Pad Kee Mao (Drunken Noodles) were excellent.  I did not indicate how spicy I wanted it but I believe they did an excellent job of balancing heat with flavor.  I would not ask them to change it next time even though I am a heat fan.  Again, the chicken in this dish was very flavorful.  At other places, it is sometimes very bland, not even having chicken flavor.  Not so here.  The noodles did not clump together as sometimes rice noodles do if the stirring portion of the stir fry does not happen well.  It was a wonderful entree all together.  My husband's Massaman Curry was excellent as well.  Sometimes a dish with coconut milk can become all about the coconut milk but not so in this case.  The curry flavors were balanced with the coconut milk very well.  
I will admit that some of the negative reviews I read kept me from visiting much sooner.  Now that I have been for myself, I will be going back often.For appetizers my wife had the soup which was pretty basic miso. I had the Steamed shrimp wontons which were absolutely delicious. But then the meal arrived! 
Hot stone with Himalayan salt was absolutely coolness. It gives a flavor that you just can't get any other way . My wife had the shrimp on the stone and it was absolutely fantastic. I had their house special curry with oysters, shrimp, veggies--  calamari which when you put on the stone become a treat and of themselves-- and probably the best tasting succulent scallop I've had since I was in PEI, off Nova Scotia. It was that good. 
Place is extraordinarily intimate, attractive, waitstaff spectacular, and the kitchen knows exactly what they're doing. A little hard to find, but we will be back and back again. It's BYOB too!Had dinner at Thai Kuu a couple of nights ago and it was pretty good.  The staff was friendly, attentive and very helpful.  I've eaten here a few times before and each time has been consistent.After dinner last night, I give them 6-8 months tops unless they get it together. 
Food was just OK, (have had better Pad Thai from takeout places). The service was horrendous. We waited 1 hour for our soup. Good thing I love looking at my wife, or I might have become irritated. 
Shape up or ship out. Your location demands a good reputation if you plan to survive (lousy location). 
It is also a bit cramped and there isn't a good divide between the entrance and the dining room. If they don't correct that by autumn, the majority of the dining room will become utterly inhospitable.Enchanting Thai ambience accompanied by middling, under seasoned Thai food.  Pad Thai and curry were OK, but just OK.  Thai food for gringos.Saturday night dinner, very crowded, poor layout, furniture is too large for the space.  Service friendly but slow, food was very mediocre.  Spring rolls were greasy and tasteless, soft shell crab was mushy, duck was good, chicken ginger stir fry was kind of boring and reminded me of ok Chinese food.  The owner is a lovely man, I hope they can work out the kinks.  I was under the impression that Thai food was fresh with lost of flavor.  Step it up a notch guys.Absolutely delicious! The staff is so friendly and kind. All dishes are incredibly tasty. The price is unbeatable! Some favorites of mine are the Panang Curry with chicken and Tom Yum soup with tofu.My mom enjoyed the crispy spicy basil (it is similar tasting to the Tom yum soup). Dishes are all very hot when served so make make sure to wait a little before those first few bites. I will be back again soon for sure!walked in to the smell of fish; walked in asking for take out; felt pressured to order a drink from
The bar as the bartender/waitstaff commented on water being free; fellow patron criticized my food choice as I
was ordering, wait staff asked for my name and phone number for a walk in take out order; was asked if I wanted change after I paid for my order; felt unwanted and highly disappointed with customer service as if I was an eyesore; pad Thai wasn't bad - but ive had better; customer service experience = huge turnoffBelow average pad thai at Chestnut Hill prices that had me running to the bathroom before I was halfway done my meal.Food was delicious, however almost every dish had onions in it. Not that i don't like onion, but i thought it was a bit excessive. Ambience was perfect. Staff was very nice.Unreal Thai food - best flavors and quality in all of Philly. Love it here- from curry to noodles I can't say enough great things about this place and will be back many many times!The food here is awesome! Delivery was also surprising quick, it estimated an hour but it came within 30 minutes or so which was great. I will definitely order here again and stop in for a visit.Went here for the first time and it wad delicious! The sampler was a great start, I particularly enjoyed the tofu.  Then I ordered the duck pad thai and it was a perfect portion. It was delicious and I can't wait to go back!Small restaurant in Chestnut Hill. Great staff and service and pretty decor. Felt a bit cramped due to the size of the restaurant but food was great. Would return if I was in the mood for Thai and was in the area.This is a hidden gem. Tucked away & a little hard to find. But, once you've found it the food & drinks are fantastic & the server was super nice.So I've been to Thai Kuu twice since my last review and it's official...5 stars!!! One of the nights I decided to get take out. I didn't call ahead and figured I would just order a soda and sit at the bar while I waited. I ordered the crispy golden bags and vegetable pad thai. I waited for maybe 15 minutes, paid, and drove home illegally fast dying to tear into the stuff that was making my car smell like pure heaven. The bags were even better than I remembered and the pad thai was absolute perfection. 
The last night I was there was for an early dinner before I went into work. I arrived at about 4:45pm and was told that the kitchen didn't open until 5pm but that they would bring me a Thai Iced Coffee 'on the house' to enjoy while I waited. It was delicious and I'm pretty sure that they didn't really make me wait until 5pm anyway. That evening I had the Thai crispy spring rolls...delicious! And another round of the veggie pad thai...I'm completely hooked. 
Loving Thai Kuu more and more each time!
Keep up the good work and you'll be here to stay!Best edamame I've ever had. Solid curries, pad Thai etc. really nice ambiance. Extra credit for knowing about veganism. Overpriced for the experience though.Best Thai  food in Philly  - BYOB.  If it was in the city , it would be very higly ratedfantastic experience....
presentation of food and taste was amazing...... wonderful staff, will definitely return....
mr. don and his wife aka "boss lady" are the hostess with the mostess
tracey wright and friends :-)