Good, tasty thai food that is a great value!  Finally Thai food in Philadelphia that doesn't cost an arm and a leg.   Ordered the drunken noodles with chicken which was super good and the chicken thai basil.  The spice level and flavor of the thai basil was perfect.  My only complaint is that there weren't enough veggies.  There was tons of chicken though and I'd definitely order both dishes again.  Plus, they gave us two delicious free spring rolls!  
Sooooooo happy to have this place in the neighborhood!I've gotten Thai To Go three or four times and it has been solid every time. 
In my most recent visit, I ordered the chicken satay for an appetizer (4 moist chicken tenders on skewers with a "to die for" peanut sauce for dipping) and the combo pad Thai (pad Thai with chicken, shrimp, and tofu in a peanut type sauce, scallions, and crushed peanuts). The pad Thai was excellent and will be my go to entree from now on. I usually get mango sticky rice for dessert and it always hits the spot. The rice was a little over cooked this last time, but good nonetheless.
This is a great little place to get some good inexpensive Thai takeout when you can't decide what else to do for dinner.Authentic Thai food made while you wait, family sized portions, very clean, friendly people, and very affordable pricingI'm doing my happy dance!!!!   Thai 2 Go is the model for takeout! Delicious, reasonable, authentic, fast.   
After moving from the Land of Great, Cheap Asian/Ethnic Food On Every Corner  (Bay Area) to the Land of the Bland & Overpriced (Mt. Airy), I was having a hard time having to drive a ways to choke out $75-100 for marginally okay Thai food on white tablecloths.  
Let's get real - when I want Thai (or Vietnamese, Korean, Mexican, Salvadorean, Ethiopian, Cuban), I want street food-casual & I want it fabulous, fast & cheap!
Done with bad Chinese takeout, cross-town trips for Pho, sorry pizza & blecchy cheesesteaks!  This is my go-to spot on nights when I can't muster cooking -Yeah!
Now if someone will open a Banh Mi sandwich shop & a spot for Bim Im Bap in the neighborhood, I'll never cook again.Finally - something besides pizza and Chinese in Roxborough.  And not just something - but something great!  Called in an order for 7PM Friday night during their first week and they were overwhelmed.  We had to wait an hour but it was worth it.  And by the time you read this they will have had time to work out the kinks of a new operation and have started delivery service, both of which will only make this place better.
Everything we ordered was fantastic, but I especially recommend the Lemon Grass soup and the Squid salad.  Noms!!!I was less than impressed with Thai 2Go. A friend had recommended it, so I was curious to try it. My friend and I ordered drunken noodles and green curry with tofu. The green curry was okay...not much curry flavor, just mostly coconut milk dominant. The drunken noodles were atrocious! I asked for no peppers and what I got was noodles, shrimp and onions. Nothing green, no veggies. Ok. Fine. But...the noodles were all broken up....just a pile of crumbled up, stick together noodles. No sauce to speak of. Nothing like drunken noodles I have had at other places. I was very disappointed. I guess I could give them another chance, but I might as well just go to Chabaa, which has excellent food!Pretty standard thai take out with fresh veggies & not too much grease. Where Thai 2 Go really excels is the friendly customer service...everyone there is so nice & sweet. The owner really goes above & beyond to make sure you're happy. Do yourself a favor, put down that greasy grey cheese steak, and stop by Thai 2 Go for some chicken penang or spicy drunken noodles!very good food. 
Green curry was spicy but not too hot
shrimp rolls and spring rolls very tasty.
Great portion sizes.  
Call ahead and pickup.  very convenient.What can I say about this place except how awesome it is!  I really love this place for Thai take out.  Very quick, althought the name has changed over a couple of times and it's difficult to locate a working phone for the place.
If you stick to the Currys: Red, Yellow and Green you will be pleasantly surprised.  They are excellent.  They are my go to dish at this place, they come with a huge side of white rice.  The chicken and eggplant wasn't bad either.  Not so high on their noodle based dishes though such as Pad See U and Drunken Noodle as the last time they came out they were a little too soft.  The Pad Thai has been great though.  Nothing really blew me away on the appetizers, spring rolls are good, but a bit greasy.  I'd say the best is the calamari.  The satay chicken is so-so.  Finally they often run deals which make this place a steal!I 'DITTO' everything to JD's review!  It was a wonderful surprise to find a new, unique take-out place in the Manayunk/Roxborough area. We ordered the shrimp spring rolls, coconut curry soup, lemon grass soup, green curry chicken, and the drunken noodles and it all reallly good. The price was reasonable too.  The only reason why giving this place 4 out of 5 stars is because we too, had to wait over an hour to get our food delivered.  I'm sure this was due to to the fact that they are just getting started, once they get this set up I would be happy to give it the 5th star!These people are awful. I tried twice to use a Groupon - first they told me I couldn't use it after 7 pm and then they said they wouldn't honor it at all even though the expiration date is still two months out. And they have young children working in an area no bigger than there entrance to a house...I wouldn't be surprised if they don't cook their food properly.Bland Thai food - especially if you are vegetarian.  The Pad Thai had no peanuts and tasted like it was made with Ketchup instead of Tamarind.  Our meat eating friends have enjoyed the food, but I think it's really bland and not authentic.  Instead, try Tang Thai right up the road on Ridge ave where the Roxburger used to be.  Much better, authentic Thai and you can eat in or get take out as well.Great drunken noodles! Pad thai was a little bleh. The spring rolls were good but too oily for my liking. Lots of chicken in the drunken noodles dish, pad thai with shrimp had about 5 or 6 medium-size shrimp. 
It must be said (although by the name it's quite obvious) you cannot sit and eat here. There is about a 4'x4' area to walk in and pick up your food. If others are already waiting you're going to be stuck standing outside. 
The great part about this place is that it's inexpensive and the portions are big! I saved some drunken noodles for leftovers and thai food does not reheat very well. The sauce seperated and made me sadly aware of how much oil is used. Skip the reheat, go when you're really hungry, and eat the whole dang thing!I got take-out from here for the first time last night and it was great. A little pricey for takeout perhaps but worth it. We got the chicken fried rice (4/5 stars) and chicken panang curry (4/5 stars). They were both great. Not out of this world, but very flavorful. I definitely think I will be back to have the fried rice and chicken satay.. there's no limit of things I want to try on their menu!
The take-out was very timely, I've never tried the delivery but if you pick it up you'll have no problem. Also, I called on a busy Saturday night and had to call 3 times in order to get through. So just keep that in mind.The thai food is mediocre at best. I have had drunken noodles at many thai restaurants and these were below average. The meal consisted of beef and noodles with little to no vegetables. The sauce was bland and tasted like soy sauce and oil. There was no hint of the sweet, savory, salty contrast common in thai cuisine. My fiancé had the red curry. It had more flavor than the drunken noodles but was very thin and watery. The only positive aspects were that prices were reasonable and the order was available quickly.Good solid Thai take-out, a much needed addition to Roxborough/Manayunk eating options.
Thai 2 Go has many tasty vegetarian options. I really like the leek dumplings, but definitely recommend eating them immediately as they don't keep well. The veggie spring rolls are average.
My favorite entree is the drunken noodles with tofu. The pad thai with tofu a close second. For dessert, the mango sticky rice is a little pricy but worth it.While the red curry was tasty the sauce was very thin. The pad Thai lacked the sweet tanginess ,which is the highlight of the dish. I understand people in the roxborough/manyunk area are hard up for variety in their take-out,but this place(on first impression ) is mediocre. I will try it again as it wasn't horrible. Maybe they are working out kinks.Great little takeout/delivery joint ran by some old ladies. They wear hair nets while cooking, which offers no value to this review but it appealed to my paranoid germaphobic self. They have daily specials written on a white board, there is also a fine print on the white board stating that since May 2010 all prices have been increased by $1. Even with the price increase, the portions are generous and the price is still fair. I called a couple times and no one picked up, then about 5 minutes after I gave up, my phone rang. It was the Thai 2 Go lady explaining that she had many calls and asked if I would like to place an order. (I don't know if them calling me back was a good thing or not. Prank callers, beware!) I called ahead for takeout and ordered the drunken noodles, spring roll and beef with Thai basil. It took about half an hour for my order to finish; I got there early and sat at one of the two patio tables outside. The drunken noodles were excellent and full of flavor; the beef Thai basil was skimpy on the beef but full of sauce and the spring rolls were average.  I'd definitely order from them again and next time I'll be sure to check out the daily specials first.Better this time.  But still missing that spark.
I had to research what I really wanted.  It ended up being the Drunken Chicken Noodles.  They are apparently one of the spicy dishes.  Not really though.
There was less spring roll sauce than last time and it was watered down.  The spring rolls themselves were just as delightful as last time with just as much (a touch too much) grease.
Everything tasted really good, but as I said earlier, it's missing something.  I can't place it though.  I know I can't do any better, so I'll be back.
Plus it's mega cheap.  I shared with Miss Hilary, we split the bill, it came to under $12 each and it's enough for two meals.Veggie Spring Rolls, Laab Salad, Shrimp Pad Thai and Thai Custard.  Pretty good and consistent (third time ordering).  Prices ok and portions are respectable.  Delivery is nice and it beats having to walk down to Main street for an overpriced dining experience.I love Thai food, so I have tried this place several times despite its crappiness.
I went to Thai 2 Go when it first opened and enjoyed it.  My pad thai was served in a strong plastic container.  Inside, there were two little plastic containers, one holding extra spices and one holding crushed peanuts.  There was also a lime wedge or two.  I was impressed by the presentation, and everything tasted good.
Later on, Thai 2 Go raised the prices of everything on their menu and switched to crappy styrofoam containers.  They were hard to reach on the phone, often ran out of certain menu options (Have they EVER had duck or BBQ chicken?), and sometimes forgot to include all parts of my order.  That said, I stopped ordering from them.
Recently I had the option to buy a Groupon to Thai 2 Go, and I thought they might be worth another shot.  This time they actually answered the phone, the food was okay, the containers were solid, and they got the order right.  However, my food took longer than estimated, so I had some time to stand in the tiny waiting area and look around.  Eek.  
First of all, there was a child sleeping in a chair next to the counter.  WTF?  Off to the right, there was a large batch of shrimp defrosting in a colander that was placed on a pile of junk next to even more junk.  Above that there is a shelf full of canned/jarred ingredients along the wall, including things like bamboo shoots, coconut milk, chili pastes, etc.  There were also jars of peanut butter.  The labels were facing the wall, but you could tell it was straight up Skippy/Jif.  Not peanuts, not natural peanut butter, but the sugar and hydrogenated oil filled American concoction.
Customers: If you want a meal made with pre-frozen, unsafely thawed proteins, canned products, and Skippy peanut butter, order from Thai 2 Go.  Personally, I'm glad I learned how to make superior Thai food for less money at home.  
Thai 2 Go: I'm giving you two stars because you're still a relatively new business, but come on.  Clean up your act.I don't usually post reviews, but my experience was so regrettable that I feel obligated to warn off as many people as I can. 
FYI, I ordered the fish pancakes and beef salad, delivery. 
Summary: 3 strikes, they're out.  First, the food took longer than the 30-40 minutes promised.  This was inconvenient, but I tried not to hold it against them.  Harder to overlook was the surprise $6 delivery charge.  I live in East Falls, just 2.5 miles away.  Okay, I should have asked if there was a delivery charge, but come on, Thai2Go. $6? No courtesy announcement?  Strike 3 was my beef salad, which featured half-spoilt beef. They masked the smell with a dressing, but I felt myself gagging as soon as the item hit my tongue. So there you go. $20 down the drain, cereal for dinner, and lesson learned: never order from this place again.I have a Groupon for this place that I've tried to use three times now.  They either don't answer the phone or tell us their "Groupon scanner is down".  When we asked why they couldn't type in the code the person on the phone got very rude.  We will not be going back to this place.  Their Pad Thai wasn't that good anyway.  Bummer that I wasted money on this Groupon, because I'm never going back, and I'm telling everyone I know.This take out spot well off of Main Street is a tiny hole on the wall with 3-4 people working in the open kitchen, which really is just a couple stoves. The pad Thai and drunken noodles were really good. I'd recommend this place for anyone looking for a good cheap take out.OK, so I have been here and a lot lately so I have to repeal my earlier review and apologize.  This place has the best Pad Thai in the city.  The little lady cooking just powers through orders as we stand out in the cold waiting.  Soooo Call ahead there is about 5 sq ft to stand and wait.  They Deliver too so that might be the best play, but everytime I walk by i see the flashing open sign and Im reminded that that's what i want and I din't even know it.Awesome, definitely check it out.  Can't beat the quality, true Thai food (of course 2 go).I was so excited to see something different open in the neighborhood. We went to the tiny takeout establishment on a Friday evening, ordered takeout and waited 40 minutes in the miniature waiting area....TOTALLY WORTH IT! It turns out the owners aunt used to cook at Lemongrass in West Philly. They were so overwhelmed by orders in only their second week. I'm sure they'll be expanding soon.Had I not been at the Manayunk Bike Race at 11:30 AM drinking Michelob Ultra on an empty stomach, I'm not sure I would have chosen to eat here at all. I went on a quest for soft pretzels and ended up eating pad thai and spring rolls on the sidewalk. 
Manayunk is a surreal place.
The service was lovely. The women behind the counters confirmed our orders and the food came out in Styrofoam containers promptly. But the pad thai was some of the worst I've had. Lacking serious flavor and including soggy cauliflower (??) this standard dish was bland and overcooked. Ravenous and a little drunk, I ate it anyway.
The only redeeming quality of Thai 2 Go was the vegetable spring roll. Just as fat as a typical Chinese egg roll, it was stuffed to the brim and freshly fried. Tasted homemade, too.Well I got lost finding the place but was delighted with the food! We all agreed the food was very good !! Top picks for me was the fried rice  with my dish  and the shrimp rolls was the best! I  was surprised when I opened the container and ate one!  I recommend them! Overall nice place to eat at again & I  will!We tried this place for one last time out of convenience and same as usual. The girl on the phone is beyond rude. They sent the wrong soup in a smashed container, did not send one item at all.  Dumplings are so greasy you can't eat them. When I called to get items straightened out the girl was so condescending and hung up on me. The last time we ordered we had the worst pad thai I ever had and they didn't pack an item then too.I have had the pad thai, red curry and pan see ew and they have all been very good. My favorite dessert dish from this restaurant however is the mango sticky rice, if you have not tried it you are missing out! Also they have a large size that will feed at least 4 to 5 people.They delivered right ON TIME for our take out the other day - so I'm ready to add the 5th star.  Bonus points for friendliness on the phone, having our address on file, and a courteous delivery guy.  Had the pad thai this time - seriously best I have had to date!!  If it weren't for this whole trying-to-get-in shape-before-my- wedding-in- 4 months-thing, I'd eat here every day! Way to go, Thai to go :)Ate here two days ago after about a year or so, and the food is still delicious. I had the Salmon fried rice, it was unbelievably tasty, the spring roll, which was just okay, and the Thai tea which still made me want to smack my mother. There used to be a girl Lee there I liked, not sure if she still owns it, but the new workers are friendly even walked me to my car! Im definetely coming back for more ; )Thai 2 Go is a good, typical Thai take-out/delivery spot. You won't find any specials on the menu, but what they do have is consistently good.  If you're looking for upscale Thai, with a diverse menu, then try Chaaba on Main St. If you want quality food delivered quickly, that's not pizza or Chinese, then Thai 2 Go is a good option.I've ordered from here before and was very pleased! this time it was terrible. I ordered wonton soup, got broth with chicken and vegetables, NO wontons! also ordered Pad Se-Ew and got a container that looked liked it was half eaten, it wasn't even half full, very disappointing portion when it use to be overflowing. Also, the vegetables were different than before, this entree use to have Chinese broccoli, this time it just had regular stir fry veggies that weren't even cooked well. 
I will not be ordering from them again, and if I were you I wonder consider going somewhere else that delivers a consistent item.Happy there is good Thai in Rox/Manayunk. Food much better than Chabaa Thai on main.  This is a hole in the wall for takeout- not a place to dine except for makeshift table in front. We heard the chef used to work at the Thai place in University City around Lancaster & 36th - our favorite place- so no surprise we like this one.I live right across the street practically from this little hole in the wall so I may be a bit bias, but it is the best take-out thai I have ever had. You barely notice its there at the top of the Wall and when you walk in theres like 3 or 4, I'm assuming Thai, women working at a couple of stoves and a person managing the 3 foot wide desk, all crammed into a a 10 foot by 10 foot room.
Anyways, the standards like pad thai and drunken noodles are delicious and come in sizable portions, and they are constantly changing up the specials. The food is a three but the fact that it is so quick and the convenient bump it up to a 4.Went back again during the week. Not as busy.  Had the crispy duck and masaman curry. Both were great but I like the green curry the best.
Also, get the mango sticky rice for dessert!Nothing is right about this place - they do nothing but to go, and even calling ahead an order with a quoted time, we showed up late and still had to wait. If you can't figure out scheduling of take out orders when that's all you do, you might want to reconsider your business model. At least be honest and tell me it's going to take an hour if it's going to take an hour. Admittedly they are working out of a shack the size of a linen closet, so I suspect they cook two or three things at any one time, but just be realistic about quotes and you'd have fewer annoyed customers. 
Even if it weren't the time management issue, the food here is nothing to write home about, and I have no intention of eating it again. Upon returning home and opening the boxes, everything tasted the same - oily, fried, and shockingly mild. This is Thai food? Not in my book...Chicken drunken noodles tasted the same as spring rolls which tasted the same as fried tofu which tasted the same as coconut milk soup, which is bizarre because some of those are about as different on the flavor spectrum as you can get within a Thai menu. 
I gave two stars because I love Thai food and maybe a total seachange in their cooking and timing could make this spot a worthwhile destination.I used a Groupon to order an assortment of dishes.  underspiced, mediocre Thai food -- I've eaten Thai in hundreds of places (including Thailand) and this is simply the worst tasting food.  Dumplings undercooked, Pad Thai under-seasoned.  Too bad because the prices are reasonable.When Thai 2 Go opened we checked it out right away because we LOVE Thai and our neighborhood only has take out Chinese places.  Not only was the food great, but come to find out - the owner/chef used to be a chef at LEMONGRASS in University City - which was our absolute favorite!  Though her dishes are not as exquisite as the Lemongrass menu, they are as flavorful as any take out place could possibly be.   And, if you like it hot hot hot, then ask for a dish "5 stars".  It will be hot enough to make sweat beads bubble up on your forehead without losing a bit of flavor!.  If you don't ask for it hot, they will give you average.  You must specify :-)They changed names and ownership, but the food is excellent, the folks are really friendly and the price is right.It is so nice to have a take-out place in the neighborhood that isn't pizza or hoagies! The food is great - I especially love the curry.  I agree with some of the reviews that the quality dipped since it opened, but I really hope this place stays around and keeps producing great food at a great price.  I heard that they priced too low at first, which is why the quality suffered, but I'd rather see them raise prices, because they would still be reasonable.I would really give a rating of 3.5 but since you can't give half ratings, i'm rounding down to a 3.
The food was actually pretty good.  Had shrimp pad thai.  Tasty, huge servings but the noodles were slightly underdone.  Also had the chicken basil which was really good.  Spring rolls were crisp and a little greasy, just what i expected.
I ordered as delivery which is why I rounded down.  Was told 30-40 minutes but ended up waiting an hour and twenty minutes.
Still...decent Thai delivery that's also super cheap for the quality and amount of food.food is very good but the delivery is TERRIBLE.  When they say 30 minutes, it's at least double that time.  Today we called at 12:20 and the food arrived at 1:45.
They were very apologetic but this is the second time delivery has been super late.My 1 st time and I'm already addicted lol !
The food arrived super fast and it's was delicious . I'm officially hooked  . 
Phone service was actually courteous most Asian take outs aren't .  
Being new to Thai we ordered about 4 different things each better than other .
So if you're in mood for Asian check this place out you won't regret it.Another yelp find. Great little place. The sticky rice is awesome ( its the mango sticky rice but I get it sans mango). Chicken pad Thai is great as is the BBQ Thai chicken.My husband is a Thai food junkie - he would eat it every night of the week if he could. It was such a wonderfully pleasant surprise when we heard that Thai 2 Go had opened in Roxborough since we live over in East Falls. The food was fantastic! We ordered the Coconut  Soup, Lemongrass Soup (it was good, but the spice was mild & my husband likes it extra spicy - for me, it was just the right spice level), Red Curry (awesome amount of spice), Green Curry, and Musaman Curry for our Daughter (it was awesomely peanutty and just the right spice for her). By the way, we picked up our own food, which was ready in 20 minutes! My husband said the entire staff was just wonderful when he picked up our order. We will definitely be frequent customers! It's wonderful to have a good, reasonably priced Thai restaurant just a few miles from our house.Love the spring rolls, tulips, green curry and the thai basil chicken. Also, the thai style wings, drunken noodles and pad thai are awesome.My bf and I just used a groupon. I recommend the chicken drunken noodles. Bf liked spicy seafood stir-fry. I met the owner while waiting for our order. It's family owned and run.Tried this place tonight and it was delicious!  I got the red curry with tofu and the Thai style wings and both were really good.  The curry was mild but really flavorful, and all the veggies in it were super fresh and tasty.  The only thing Thai style about the wings was the dipping sauce (not sure what it's called but it's the clear sauce you usually get with crispy rolls), but they were really good with or without the sauce.  
I will definitely be back-it was tasty and fast and I'm over all the pizza and cheesesteaks around here!Basil Chicken is amazing, my new favorite.  Pad thai is pretty good too, but the spring rills need a little bit more sizze for my liking but I'm a big guy.I have lived in manayunk for a few years now and this has always been one of my favorite spots for take out. The food is always great and the prices are cheap for how much you get. The times are usually very accurate for pickup.. Just changed their name to Siam queen I believe , hopefully still the same great food!I have pretty high standards for Thai food, I guess.  Its right around the corner from my house but only had it once.  The food was mostly bland with soggy noodles and not-so-fresh looking vegetables.  I will probably try it again sometime, but for now I'll go to the Thai place on Ridge.I havent ordered form here in a while as the price has gone up and the quality down. I may try again to be sure in a few weeks but probably not......Average thai food which I guess makes it good food overall. Probably won't return as other similarly priced joints are a bit better. They give you a discount if you pay with cash.I don't think I've ever encountered a place quite like Thai to Go. I strongly suggest it to anyone in the Roxborough/Manayunk area. They have some of the best prices and flavor in town for their entrees, though I would stay clear of their disproportionately expensive appetizers.Tried Thai many other places and have always tried to like it.  Now I love it!  Drunken Noodles and Tulips were tasty and filled me up.I myself was excited to have a Thai place to go that was cheap and to go, I did not like the food. Really greasy, not very authentic to me. I wish the food was like the Thai place in the Reading Terminal Market.This was absolutely horrible! I am not one to ever post negative things, but i felt it would be a public diservice not to! I ordered my food and was told it would be ready in 15 minutes. I arrived, and they said there were several orders ahead of mine. An hour and 5 minutes later my food was ready. I got shrimp wonton soup that tasted like dirty water, and chicken pad thai and crap/pineapple fried rice. These dishes had NOOO taste and were so over cooked it was 2 containers of mush. I felt like I was eating babyfood...mushy with no seasoning! Not to mention, when i walked in all I saw were dented cans on the shelves, which i presume was what was going in my food. I will not be returning to this place.... EVER! if you want someplace good for thai go to the place on the corner of ridge and leverington. That place is good!Hooray for Thai 2 Go!  
I'm super happy that this place exists.  And here are the reasons why:
1. The food is great.  And cheap.  I am devoted to the Vegetable Pad Thai, which is overloaded with fresh veggies.  There are so many vegetables in here that I can trick myself into thinking it's a health food.  The curry, which my fiance gets, is also amazing.  And the lemongrass soup is a perfect combination of sweet and spicy.  Oh, and there's a whole lotta veg and shrimp in there too.  These people do not skimp on the love.
2.  It's quick.  Call it in, wait a bit, go to pick it up, sit in one of the two chairs in the joint, chat with the girl behind the counter and before your bum even warms the seat, the food's ready to go.  
3.  The people are lovely.  I mean, really.  There's two little old Asian ladies making the food back there!  I want to pinch their cheeks and give them hugs for all the love they put into my pad thai.  The girl who works the register is a doll too.  
4.  It's so close.  And an island of delicious, authentic grub in Roxborough.  I love a good cheesesteak as much as the next girl, but beyond that, there's only crummy pizza and tummy-turning Chinese.  So thank you for being here, Thai 2 Go.  
Yum. Yum. Yum.Not sure how to review this take-out; in fairness, I'd rank it 2.5 stars, rather than two, but I still want to give them the benefit of the doubt. Our first meal from this Manayunk takeout-only was fabulous--spring rolls, lemon chicken soup, thai basil chicken and duck. Well cooked, full of flavor; we were excited about this new place. 
We ordered that exact same meal again this past week, and it was really awful. The spring rolls were soggy. Chicken in the soup was rubbery, and both entrees were literally swimming in grease. I had to drain the oil off the thai basil before I could eat it. 
I love Thai food and was excited about this addition. Hopefully, my second meal there was just a fluke. I do plan to give them another chance; I'd really like to be able to update this review!After living in Manayunk for a few years, I struggled to find a good place to get some Pad Thai. Thai 2 Go fills that need.  I was a fan after the first order: Chicken Pad Thai with an order of Spring Rolls
Both were great.  The Pad Thai wasn't too spicy.  It had almost a sweet taste to it.  The spring rolls were great as well, similar to ones I've gotten in China Town.
There is no eating area, but if you are looking for some good take out Thai, check it out.Horrible!! Not real this food. Greasy and flavors were off. Disgusting!This is now called Siam Express and it is definitely an express trip to the bathroom. The food is prepared quickly but is floating in oil and my husband's and my stomach are now suffering the after effects. Terrible.Since discovering Thai food a few months ago I've had an insatiable hunger for it.  Living in Manayunk with it's great food options, there really aren't many for those of us who love a little Pad Thai frrom time to time.  I've been to Thai 2 Go quite a few times and their food is consistently delicious.  The Pad Thai is my favorite!  I also love the shrimp rolls, which have tons of large shrimp chunks in every bite.  The Thai fried chicken wings rank pretty high on my list as well.  
Don't expect to dine in here as their name says it all - "2 Go".  It's great for take out or take "to" if you wanted to head over to Gorgas Park afterward...Food is good but the service is absolutely horrible. They dont give accurate wait times which could have you standing in the cramped building for over an hour. They sign up to be on groupon and then do not want to honor them. They have no sense of how to run a sucessful business because all of their actions alienate customers. We had gone there on a number of occasions prior to getting the groupon and instead of using the groupon deal to gain new customers they managed to lose existing customers.I have to provide an update here because the owner was true to her comments on my first rating.  We recently ordered a large delivery order from Thai 2 Go because we sold our house and wanted to feed the movers a hot lunch.  What a great experience!  I called in an order for a certain number of meals but they took the time to understand what I was calling for and provided everything catering style in larger aluminum pans with plenty of plates, utensils, and napkins.  The food was excellent and enjoyed by all.  We ordered chicken satay, spring rolls, a massaman curry and a panang curry.  The chicken satay was delicious and tender and came with a flavorful peanut dipping sauce.  The spring rolls were fresh and flaky, the curries were bursting with flavor and filled with generous portions of meat and veggies.  The service on the phone and the delivery could not have been better.  Thanks Thai 2 Go for an excellent lunch. 
I should note that they did not know I was a previous reviewer of Thai 2 Go when I made this order, so I feel the service I received was typical of any other customer.The hours posted on their website as well as their answering machine say they open at 11:30.
Since they didn't answer by 12:00 I gave up and ordered from somewhere else.
Thanks Thai 2 Go for unreliable service.
This isn't the first time we've come to find you not open when your hours clearly state you should be.
What a disappointment, maybe a name change is in order, Thai DON'T GO!There aren't many Thai food spots in my part of town, so I was extremely pleased to find out about this place, and that it is good. Even though it's a tiny space inside, with barely room to open the door and stand at the counter, these ladies have got it together. Quick and easy ordering, and orders ready to go when I get there. Have tried the red curry and yellow curry, and both were solid, especially with the addition of extra spice. Boyfriend has had the drunken noodles with tofu and said they were just ok, a little bland. Spring rolls also a good choice. Prices are reasonable.SCORE!!! for Rox. and the Yunk this is what we need more of less pizza and dollar stores.This was probably the WORST place I have gotten food from. Firstly, their phone service is horrific. I was giving my order halfway when the guy put me on hold for about 5 minutes. The deliver was slow too and the deliver guy was also extremely rude! He got a bit lost, and as I gave him directions, he had the nerve to yell at me! Finally when the food did come, he forgot the Thai tea I ordered. I had to call back and they delivered. THEN when I finally sat to eat, guess what was there?! A PIECE OF HAIR! Right on my chicken. I knew it was NOT mine, I have curly hair, this was thin a straight. Before I vomited, I called to tell them about the hair, so he gave me two options, my money back, or new food. Over all, this place was a bad experience. The food was not even appetizing, especially seeing a piece of hair!!!!the place is tiny but the staff is extremely friendly I don't think they could fit 4 people in there at once.I was dissappointed that they were out of alot of things on the menu but it was a Sunday night when I was there.I ordered the vegetable rolls and they were great fresh vegetables inside but the dipping sauce was weak I will return because shrimp wonton soup sounds really good and they were out of it when I was thereAs a previous reviewer mentioned, the name changed to Siam Express. I have never had the food here before, but apparently it is even better than before (coming from the bf who has been here several times before it changed names). We ordered tulip dumplings (steamed), combination Pad Thai with chicken, shrimp and tofu, and Penang curry with chicken and tofu. Overall it was a very good meal. The ingredients were fresh and the meat was good PERFECTLY. I was so impressed by how tasty the shrimp were - I'm not usually a shrimp fan, but these were great. The dishes were light (not at all greasy or heavy). All of the dishes were SLIGHTLY bland...but some sriracha sauce helped cure that problem :) This is a fantastic meal for the price...such a good value and so much food. The owner was super nice, too. We would definitely go back. Keep in mind, it is take-out/delivery only (no seating available except for 1 outside table!)Decent Thai food and priced accordingly - most common Thai entrees hover around the $10 range. From what I've had, I would recommend the thai basil dish and the most of the curries - red being the best.  Haven't tried their more specialty entrees, as upwards of $10, I'm headed to Chabaa on Main St. with a bottle of vino.   If Thai-2-go would use the cooking oils a little more sparingly, and incorporate some fresh spring rolls on the menu, this place would be a solid 4 stars.Terrible food, soggy weird pad thai, bland curry greasy dumpling and soups are a rip off. Also the girl who answers the phone it very rude!!I love Thai...and this place has pretty good food...the cooking is done by these nice Thai women and the owner is a nice forward thinking young lady (placing this little jem in a neighborhood swamped with bland chinese spots) i love going there and getting the drunken noodles, the thai basil, the sweet tea (yum!), spring rolls...although I wasnt impressed with the green curry or the pepper steak..but there is so much to try on the menu...My husband and I just ate here for the first time. We LOVE Pad Thai and had a craving but didn't want to spend too much money. It was a reasonable price, but really wasn't that good. I read other reviews and thought maybe some people were being too picky, but they were right. It was bland and there wasn't much sauce, seasoning, or even peanuts (which is a staple in Pad Thai!). We even asked for some extra spice because otherwise there wouldn't have been any heat to it at all. The veggie spring rolls were huge and yummy, but a little too greasy. The other annoying thing is that we were told to allow 25 minutes, but when we arrived to pick it up we sat around for another 25 minutes. It took a total of 50 minutes for our order! It was a Friday night and there were only two people working. We were not the only ones waiting outside (there's no room to wait inside because it's so small).
One redeeming thing: the Pad Thai came with so many noodles, etc. that we saved half of it for later. My husband and I thought it tasted better reheated the next day!Ideally this would be a 3.5; I know most new business owners would prefer a 4.5, but we felt there was just a tiny something (spice) missing from our dishes.  I had Pad Thai, Hilary had Red Curry Chicken.  We shared a Cold Beef Salad and the Spring Rolls.  Everything was cooked well, but just didn't impress me; just a tad bland.  The spring rolls were not made on site, they were tasty and crispy, especially with the thickened sweet fish sauce provided, but they were a little on the greasy side. The portions were larger tha average, so I give them props for that.  Large portion sizes mean a lot to me.  Delivery to most of the Manyunk area.  I'd recommend trying Thai 2 Go to anyone who likes Thai food.