Mmmmmmm!!! So much wonderful comfort food is packed into this tiny menu. This diner styles restaurant full of sandwiches, soup, and salads should be on the top of your to do list. The service is outstanding as well.We randomly stopped in here and it was just what the Dr. ordered!  The service was excellent!  I had a coffee cake which was huge and a bloody which was very different tasting but good.  My husband had a bowl of soup and a waffle with bacon in it which was awesome.  I highly recommend this place!I love this place. I've eaten there twice and wasn't disappointed either time. First time I had the matzoh ball soup--amazing, and the rooster chef salad which was also Amazing but no longer on the menu. 
The second time, I had the matzoh ball soup again, which was good but not as good as the first time I had it--the matzoh was kind of hard but still good. I also got the potato pancake BLT. I ate the sandwich six hours after I picked it up and it was still amazing. 
The hospitality is great also. The hostess, Deja was super friendly and helpful and the management was also super aware of the surroundings and helpful. 
This is all a plus to the fact that they donate their profits!  I'll definitely be back.We stopped into Rooster Soup on a Sunday evening around 5:30. There were plenty of seats at the counter, but we were able to get a small table. I had a cup of the turkey chili and the grain salad. Dining Partner had matzo ball soup and chicken schnitzel sandwich. We were both very satisfied with our meals. I love that this is more than just a restaurant, it's got an entire mission behind it to help those less fortunate. They had a lot of other appetizing dishes on the menu so I'll definitely be back in the future.Five stars for Rooster Soup's social impact mission! 
Food is also great. I got a cup of the cauliflower soup, potato cake, and the southern ham biscuit. Comfort food as promised on a cold, snowy day. Just slightly less salt in the potato cake and the ham/cheese and it would have been the perfect cozy meal. 
Definitely coming back because I'm just that philanthropic ;)We went to rooster soup company for a quick snack. I had a cup of the matzo ball soup and my fiance had a slice of coffee cake and a freshly baked double chocolate chip cookie. 
The soup
The matzo ball was the perfect size and the broth was savory and delicious. It was a little less salty than I would like, but I tend to like soups on the salty side. 
The desserts
Both were very moist and soft
They do have drinks available and the proceeds go to a great cause. You should definitely check this place out.I wanted to live this place. The concept is so incredible! But the food is just ok. 
First of all, if you have the word soup in your name I expect more than four soups. And I definitely expect a vegetarian soup and not just some wack vegan soup with coconut in it. But ok. 
I got the asparagus lasagna which was good but tasted like something I would have made at camp. For the amount it wasn't worth the price. I would rather give a donation than pay for something that isn't worth it I think. It's also not clear what the plates come with which is a side salad or soup and a half twice baked potato. The potato was bangin and the salad was ok. The soup was thin but again ok. It was potato leek. I've never had thin potato leek soup. 
My friend also got the salmon croquettes and they were also just ok. I really can't describe anything as more than ok except for the concept. Unfortunately, I'd rather donate to Broad Street Ministry than have a disappointing meal. As an aside, the lighting is too low. Weirdly low.Great soup and sandwiches. Love their matzo ball soup.  Great service.  Diner atmosphere.  And all the proceeds go to helping Broad Street Ministry. Two thumbs up.We were excited for this to open and then worried our expectations were too high. No worries - this place is great! 
The decor is great - fun and bright, despite the basement location. We loved sitting at the bar - diner stools and all. The staff were all really busy but were pleasant and food arrived pretty quickly.
Food is simple yet delicious. Nothing too fancy and the menu is not overwhelming. We are excited to go back and try some of the drinks. 
Vegetarians will be fine. Gluten-free people can really only gets salads. Not accessible for wheelchairs.Pretty cute, friendly service and great food!  I'm a west coast gal and had never had Matzah ball soup. It was fun to try with my charred broccolini sandwich. I was impressed by the staff's ability to discuss the beer and food and their general friendliness. I'd go again if I lived here.Ordered the very delicious grilled cheese of the day and turkey chili. The others in my party got smoked matzoh ball soup and chicken schnitzel, roasted cauliflower soup and the most delicious burger ever! Plus (and I can't emphasize this enough) they have coffee milk! I'd only seen this delicious version of chocolate milk in Rhode Island but there it was! And to make things all the better they use their profits to help those in need! The only downside was the size of the place. It's not big and when it's packed it's loud! But don't let that stop you!It's hard not to absolutely love a place that has good food and donates ALL the profits towards feeding the hungry in Philadelphia!  Let's face it people, you get to eat deliciousness and boost your karma at the same time!
Ive been in a few times and tried a handful of menu items and some were good and some were great.  The double burger is likely laced with a secret sauce of something addictive that makes me salivate as I type even.  I enjoyed the cocktails the one time I stopped in for a late night snack and I have to say, I really like that Philly has a new diner with a groovy atmosphere but w/o the substandard Cisco crap food.
Service has always been outstanding and Im always glad I went.The matzo ball soup broth is perfect but I would suggest asking them to be light handed with the fresh dill and parsley garnish. They are pretty heavy handed and it overpowers the awesomeness of the broth. They are new so still having some staffing kinks but knowing cook n solo that will get ironed out pretty quickly. Took a while to find the hostess, get water, get a menu, get the bill, and even when the bill was sitting on the counter with my credit card it was st least ten minutes before someone ran it. Definitely give this place a visit!Excellent food - not much else to say!  Chicken cutlet sandwich with the beet spread  is amazing!  Cauliflower soup amazing!!The food is incredible as you would expect from the CookNSolo restaurants (Zahav/Federal Doughnuts/Dizigoff/Abe Fisher).  It is a cool take on a luchonette...
I have been twice... my favorite items so far are the Smoked Matzo Ball Soup, the Rooster Burger, and for drink the Rooster Island Iced Tea... 
Th place is not at all stuffy, the staff is really attentive, and the food is great.  Prices for everything except the cocktails are reasonable (and during happy hour they are really cheap).  The proceeds go to charity.  It is a gem.I went there because i love the fact that it gives back to the community but it didn't have enough for variety of of soups especially now that is cold.Moment you walk past the neon sign & open the door, it's as if ur in an old school diner from the movie "Grease"! It's a cute little place full of light and bustling! 
The menu is quite limited. We ordered the Cornbread & sausage waffles with a side of fried egg: it was a totally different sort of taste- but in s good way! It was topped with drizzles of maple syrup and chopped pistachios. Definitely a must try!
The egg & cheese on a homemade biscuit was also delicious. Quite a larger version of a biscuit! 
Nevertheless, we were still hungry when we left. It's good for a light meal. 
Minus one star for the small menu & light food. But definitely a cute place!Fantastic food.   Fun diner-like atmosphere and super service.  The patty melt and mushroom barley soup were delicious.  Love the menu which includes local beer.   Feel good food at it's best.I never knew this place existed, and it was a cool small spot that I discovered. The place you can walk by since it is a basement spot, and not a 1st floor store front. I walked in and it has a very retro 60s/70s diner feel to it. It was busy on a Saturday afternoon, but I was able to get a seat at the counter. The waiter was friendly, but was not always available to check up on me. It took awhile to get a 2nd cup of coffee ( which they basically they ran out of when I wanted a 2nd one). The food was decent and it is a no frill diner food. The biscuits and gravy was delicious with a good amount of sausage in it. The bacon was also nice and crispy as well. Not a bad spot near Center City if you want some diner food.I have one thing to say... Cornbread & sausage waffles with maple syrup and two fried eggs.
I have one more thing to say... 100% of their profits go to support vulnerable Philadelphians through Broad Street Ministry's Hospitality Collaborative. 
Eat there!We had the patty melt and cups of mushroom barley and smoked matzo ball. The patty melt was delicious if a bit on the medium rare side for my wife (I loved it). I liked the like smoke flavor to the matzo ball and it has a lot of fresh parsley. The mushroom barley was rich and wonderful with lots of sliced mushrooms. And this place is giving its profits to Broad Street Ministries!  Come give it a try, you won't be disappointed.The fact that this is a social enterprise helps. Customer service is spectacular. The food is average though and I've been twice so far. The fact that my check goes 100% to support vulnerable local families IS awesome. I do wish that I didn't have to sacrifice flavor. But, I will. I'll be back again and will lower my expectations because I care a lot about what they're doing.3.5 *
Love the concept, mixed feelings about the food.
Wasn't too thrilled with their seasonal vegetarian soup option (July).   It was a beet/pomegranate chilled soup that left my stomach up in the air.  The beet was shredded in the soup and I think if it was pureed it may have been much better.   I wouldn't order this again. 
Their website wasn't updated and I was looking forward to trying the broccolini sandwich, but they only had a beet sandwich which was actually pretty good.     
The restaurant is cute, service was friendly.  Just wish there were more sandwich options for vegetarians.Loved the concept & loved the food. Had the smoked matzoh ball soup, cornbread waffle & bacon, egg & cheese biscuit sandwich - all delicious! Waited Mikd was great.A simple menu with a focus on soups & sandwiches. The soups are the highlight of this cute little luncheonette. And who doesn't love the story of the restaurant. Delicious comfort food for a good cause. What's not to like?Solid 1st trip here. We both got the brunch omelette, which was nicely done - cheese, asparagus, nicely cooked eggs, etc. we were wishing it came with something else besides a little salad so we ordered two latkes. They were very dense and round, unlike most latkes I've had before, which are flat. The potatoes were still cooked on the inside, despite the thicker surrounding.
The service was a little slow once it got busier, and we ended up with a totally different server halfway through the meal. Totally cool luncheonette feel and very bright. Hoping to try more next time I'm here - love supporting important local philanthropic work.Grinch here.  First I will start with the good.  The service was excellent and our bartender/server at the counter was gracious.  I love the mission.  Who wouldn't?  The only thing is that with all of the accolades, as being one of the best new restaurants to emerge on the scene (award winning chef, etc...), I was not impressed in the least by the food, specifically the soup.  I tried 2 varieties- matzo ball and an Italian vegetable soup.  The bar was set pretty high.  They were both OK ("good"), but not, in my opinion, inspired.  The atmosphere strives to be unpretentious, like the luncheonettes of old, but in so doing seems to have lost the spirit of those places, which was a communal place for the common man to eat.  What struck me while I was eating was the disconnect in pricing.  We spent about $40 for lunch, for 2, and it seems like a bit of hubris on the part of the proprietors. I guess they imagine "people will come."  $3 for a cup of coffee.  $7 for an average bowl of soup.  $8 for 2 eggs?  In this case, I think the pedigree of the chef was a determinant of pricing, but the offerings need to match.  Solomonov is not Alice Waters.  And 2 eggs over-easy are 2 eggs over-easy.We were a bit wary when we stopped in since there were a few mishaps from the get go, but overall we found the dishes to be inspired and delicious. We started off with a coffee, which was filled with grounds and honestly worse than diner coffee. Our server noticed the grounds and replaced it, but our new cup wasn't much better. We then received a bowl of matzo ball, which was ultimately what I had come for. This soup did not disappoint. It brought me back to my childhood and was instantly nostalgic. I absolutely loved the sprigs of fresh dill which really topped it off for me, and I found the broth to be perfectly rich and schmaltzy. We also ordered two breakfast entrees; the biscuits and gravy and a cornmeal pancake which had a batter filled with sausage and celery, as well as mint and syrup to top it off. Unfortunately my biscuits and gravy came out ice cold, however they fixed it immediately and brought out a new one. The biscuit was perfectly flaky, and it was topped with green onions which was an interesting and tasty choice. The cornbread pancake was also very interesting; the mint was such an inspired choice and oddly enough really meshed with the dish. It was the perfect mix of sweet and savory. Overall, I'm not sure this place is a must visit UNLESS you're really craving matzo. I found the service to be a bit hit and miss, and the prices were a bit high for the size of the entree, however we did enjoy our meal and as for the quality of the food, I have few complaints.It's hard to pick what to love more about this brand new spot; the food, the mission, the people, the general awesomeness of the decor. It could get five stars for just how goddamn delicious the sticky buns are alone. We went for the soft opening this morning and the breakfast was fantastic. John the GM was super welcoming, Felicia the owner was super friendly, and Olivia the server was super nice. Look forward to many return trips to try out the other vegetarian options for breakfast and lunch. 
Came back for lunch and the vegan sloppy joe was delicious. Also had a coffee milk, so good. And of course another sticky bun to go. Mmmmmmm.This underground retro diner spot is one of the newest place to eat in center city philly. Owned by the same folks that own Federal Donuts, Zahav, Abe Fisher, & Dizengoff. They are turning Samson Street into THE place to dine. Fun fact I found out after dining here, it was recently named by GQ as one of the 10 Best New Restaurants in America!
Dined here recently for lunch with a friend and we snagged two seats at the counter, which I personally think is the best spot to eat here. However there are some tables for two seated along the wall opposite the counter, and also larger tables available for any groups. Although I wouldn't recommend coming here as a group as it might be hard to snag one of those larger tables. 
We each ordered a sandwich & a cup of the soup of the day (a leek & potato soup), which was broth based (not creamy) and oh so yummy! I had the shrimp salad sandwich, overflowing with shrimp and served with hand made potato chips. Everything was delicious! My friend ordered the sandwich of the day, a meatloaf sandwich. Coincidentally enough it was the day after the meatloaf entree special, so I imagine they were just using up the leftovers for what I'm told was a delicious & filling sandwich! We finished the already filling meal by sharing a slice of the coconut custard pie! I recommend everyone finish their meal here this way!
It seems their unofficial motto might be waste-not-want-not, as they use the the unused chicken parts from Federal Donuts, that previously went to waste, to create the chicken stock used in many of their soups. 
Staff is super inviting, friendly & knowledgeable in explaining all the dishes. Even explaining that the chef recommended squeezing a bit of lemon into our leek & potato soup. Food was served fast, which I can appreciate when dining at a sit-down place for my limited lunch break. 
They also own Goldie, the new falafel spot just upstairs, that had a long line vying to get inside on the day of my visit. 
Probably the best part of the restaurant for me, outside of their delicious food, is that 100% of their profits (yes, one hundred percent) are donated to Broad Street Missionary! Such a great idea, and a business plan I'm happy to support! I will most certainly be back!What is there not to like about this place? The profits go toward a good cause and their cornbread and sausage waffles were so good I'm still thinking about them a week from my last visit to the place! The waffles were the perfect balance of crispy, sweet and savory. No maple syrup was needed! 
Portions might be a bit small for most people as I usually can't eat much but was able to polish off the entire plate. They were that good.Great feel and home-y diner vibe. Honestly such a cute restaurant. Food is solid as well! 
I ordered the cauliflower soup, which I actually didn't like too much. The consistency was sort of a liquid oatmeal and the taste was too uniform. However, seeing as how I drank it all, it couldn't have been that bad. 
The chicken pot pie is also very unique. I wouldn't say it's better or worse than the normal chicken pot pie, but rather a different monster altogether. It tastes like curry and more so like an Indian fusion chicken pot pie. It has a bit of a spice to it and has a very strong cumin taste. If you like curry, you'll definitely love this chicken pot pie. But if you're looking for something more traditional, this will probably take you by surprise. I have to say, though, that the outside crust of the chicken pot pie is SO GOOD. It's baked to a perfect crispiness that isn't too hard but still had a nice light crunch. 
Overall, great place to come!!!!(to the tune of "Zoot Suit Riot" by the Cherry Poppin' Daddies)
Who's that op'ning another spot?
It's CookNSolo, so you know it's hot.
Matzo balls flying, sammies, too.
Full bar, cocktails, just for you!
It's open all day
Soups n' sammies will satisfy.
you can't stay away
I cannot tell a lie....
(Rooster Soup RIOT
(riot)
Or you can just get a beer)x2
Rooster Soup RIOT
(RIOT)
You'll feel right at home here.
Calling to mind memories of late nights in diners and stick-to-your-ribs comfort food, Rooster Soup is food that does good (not just because 100% of profits go to support local underserved Philly residents). It warms you from the inside out.
Standouts for me include:
-smoked matzo ball soup - add a cup, always. Unless you get a bowl, and even then...
-Rooster Burger (with that "everything" sauce, it's like an everything bagel and big mac sauce had a baby. and it was more sauce.
-ANY Time they have the coconut cream pie, it's a must-get.
-Late night Breakfast - once a month, it's the most important meal of the day PLUS karaoke. 
I've seen some of the sandwiches friends have purchased and thought "that was a steep price for the amount of food they received" but generally have been happy with my menu items. That said, the menu I see today is wildly different than it was before, so it seems to be evolving seasonally.
Sometimes the staff forgets things, or gets swamped and seems overwhelmed (probably tough to navigate a slender space in the long, but skinny, restaurant) but they've always recovered.The concept/mission behind this place is incredible. Their proceeds go entirely to charity, and they're very sustainable in the way they source their food.
I've come here for weekend brunch twice. The atmosphere is set up like an old school diner, but the food is like diner gone slightly foodie. I've never had to wait for a table when I've come here. The menu is still pretty basic however, and small with not too many options, which is one reason why I knock it down to 4 stars. Once I ordered the granola parfait, the other time I ordered the egg sandwich. The parfait was served in a bit of an annoying way, very overfilled and brimming over and served in a mug that was difficult to eat out of. Both times I came with a friend and we split the coffee cake to start, which was delicious. Great coffee.From the team at Federal Donuts comes the first restaurant to donate 100% of their profits to charity. The service was great! The food was solid, although a tad salty. I had the vegan cauliflower soup which had great texture and complexity of flavor. The BLT had a latke & pickled green tomato- it was nice and garlicky on soft brioche bread, just a little bit salty. I took advantage of the partnership with Tired Hands to get the Federal Donuts made tripel IPA. Yum!! I would definitely come back!!Everything here is great, the drinks, the meetballs, the brunch, and the burger is perfect. This is yet another gem from solomonov who is easily pushing his way to the top of the Philly food chain (pun intended). Only suggestion would be to allow milkshakes to be delivered from golide which is upstairs.Came here for happy hour and was quite pleased! We went on a Wednesday, so if you're looking to avoid the city sips crowd, this place is a definite must: no crowds, great food and drink specials ranging from $4-6, and attentive service, even though we were seated all the way in the back area. Happy hour is typically only at the bar but since we were celebrating a coworker leaving, we had a small group and they let us sit at a table. 
Only down side would be the small menu and that they seemed to run out of a few main items while we were there including the rhubarb pie and happy hour burger, though it was only 6pm. However, the curry soup was delicious, creamy and well spiced.Great atmosphere; friendly staff; tasty food. Love the modern-take-on-a-diner decor. Lentil/avacado sloppy Joe a big hit. Patty melt: good flavor with a slightly new interpretation. Coffee milkshake was intensely flavorful and they added malt at our request! Try it.I am thinking I need to give Rooster Soup another shot because it obviously has so much potential, and I love that the proceeds go to a good cause. 
On this particular evening, I came with 3 friends and sat in the front window booth. I was immediately charmed by the retro diner feel of the place. I was extra charmed that Happy Hour prices applied to the window booth, and that they had a delicious pumpkin beer on tap. Great start, great start. 
Onto the food. I am weirdly into caesar salads, and despite my gut telling me to be adventurous for once, I ordered my old go-to and wasn't a huge fan. They used pears in this version, which was an interesting bite, but the dressing was distinctly anchovy-y (in a bad way, for me). If you like your caesar like this, I'd say go for it, you'll probably love it.
I also had to try a cup of soup (hello, rooster SOUP, duh), so I went with the butternut and apple bisque which was BOMMMMMBBBBB. Should've gotten a bowl. I really love that they offer the cup of soup/salad combo. 
Didn't try dessert on this occasion, but like I said, I'll be back.Love the ethics of Rooster Soup Co., which is a partnership between Federal Donuts and Broad Street Ministry's Hospitality Collaborative: a for-profit restaurant that donates those profits, for meals, counseling, medical and personal care services, and legal aid to Philadelphia's homeless and food-deprived communities.
It's also super cute: old fashioned diner atmosphere, with great comfort food--meatball sandwich was terrific, as were the well-seasoned fries! Most tables seat 2, so if you come with more, expect to try your luck at getting seats together at the bar.Love that Rooster Soup gives all its profits to Broad Street Ministry, so when a Solomonov fan from Boston came to visit it made sense to go there for an informal dinner on Sunday evening.  What a disappointment. Beet salad was fine but uninteresting; my daughter's fries were so salty they were inedible; and the delicious-sounding San pellegrino blood orange float tasted exactly like a baby aspirin instead of like a creamsicle.  Bleah. Too bad Dizengoff doesn't have better seating.Went with a large group and the food and service were top notch (hard to accomplish). Diner setting and simple menu but everything we tried was excellent. The carrot & coconut soup, cheeseburger and broccoli rabe were standouts. Even more importantly, 100% of the net profits go to the Broad St Ministry which feeds the homeless and hungry in Philly. Bravo to Cook and Solomonov for using their success to make a difference in the world.I love  this place! Great soups and warm, friendly atmosphere. Service is wonderful and the food was very good! Leave room for some pie, one of my favorite desserts.Came here for the happy hour, as the cheap bars nearby were overcrowded. I like that this place has an old diner vibe, and it's a little tucked away. This place had a basic selection of cocktails and about 5 draft beers that come in ~12 oz glasses ($3 during happy hour - can't complain). Drinks were strong enough and everyone was happy. My whiskey sour had a nice froth and leaned more towards a balanced sour flavor than the whiskey itself. I'd come back. Definitely feels like a little secret spot...for now...I really enjoyed breakfast at Rooster Soup!! It was cozy, friendly and delicious place.  Sausage waffle was awesome !! My children enjoyed here too! I really hope visit here again!!This is a new place on Samson that I've been meaning to check out.  Pretty cool set up - old diner style and you can have yourself a drink.  This place is owned by the same people who own Federal Donuts.  Also - proceeds from the sales goes towards a good cause tonight.  
I got the rooster burger, that comes with mushrooms, onions, everything sauce on a potato roll.  The fries were great - crispy and had some seasonings (old bay?).  I love the potato bun.  
I was still hungry by the end of the meal.  Solid flavorsI've had their Rooster Burger, cookie milkshake, smoked matzo ball soup, and sweet potato coconut curry soup. My favorite was definitely the curry soup, and they give a decent amount with the cup size. I also liked how they give pickled vegetables with the burger. In my opinion, the food isn't something to write home about, but it's decent and for a good cause.If you like a feel-good place to eat, look no further than Rooster Soup Company.  This subterranean diner-like establishment turns over all its profits to support the homeless and food programs of the Broad Street Ministry in Center City.  It got props from me before I even ate there.  But the good news is that this is a great place to eat.  It's extremely attractive looking on the inside and everyone who works here is totally friendly.....I mean totally friendly.   My vegan roasted cauliflower soup was very tasty and I enjoyed my sandwich consisting of tuna melt on challah bread as well.  So c'mon guys - eat here to help fund homeless programs.  I gotta give it five stars!Love this place! New lunch spot. Friendly waiters and cheap food.
Lunch combo: Thai Noodle Carrot Soup with Grilled Shrimp + Cup of Matzo Ball Soup = $16. 
Extra plus: Salad with amble shrimp. Most restaurants can be stingy ... but Rooster gives you 6 large size shrimps on the salad for the extra $3 bucks
Forgot to take a picture of the food to
Post since I enjoyed the meal so much ;)I really wanted to love this restaurant, but it unfortunately fell a little short for me. I focused my star rating predominantly on the value of my dollar at this restaurant. I love the concept of this restaurant and the fact that this restaurant has a mission. The food is definitely good, and the retro modern diner feel is definitely really fun and unique to Philly (especially if you're looking for a new place to go after many many dining events at The Continental). The waitstaff is impeccable. However, I do echo the feedback from most that the portion sizes for the price are on the smaller side. Additionally, the Bloody Mary (while a great deal on the weekend - only $5!) is unfortunately way too pointedly peppery. I wish it had more dimension and complexity in flavor. Overall, it's a good place to dine, though I would not necessarily recommend it among the amazing portfolio of the Zahav restaurants.We were really hungry & landed here because of their connection to Broad Street Ministry. We enjoyed cups of sweet potato coconut curry soup, burgers, & quinoa salad.  Low key but very loud.  Good service & filling lunches.Delicious. Good price and happy hour. All profits go to homeless..like old fashioned diner with pie case and all. Breakfast is good too. My favorite is wine in can they serve is good actually. I'll be a regular for sure. Cauliflower soup and blue plate special are my favoritesOnly stopped in for a pre-dinner soup. Had a cup of the cauliflower soup. Pretty good soup. Will be back if I want soup. Service was also pleasant.Soup was great but they gave a really small portion :( it didn't even fill half the bowl. The salad was also great. The server ran around a lot, which was kinda distracting but the place wasn't super packed so I think they was just bored. It was really wonderful food though, I will be back.The reviews are true, this place is great! I came here with a friend last week or so and thought that the food, ambiance and service we're all very good. I couldn't see it from the street, because it's downstairs, under ground. The menu was somewhat limited for brunch, but still good. They also have specials at they run daily.Had a fantastic customer served ce experience, so incredibly rare!! Visited for dinner on 1/14/2018 explained we were in  a rush and got whisked by manager to big table in the back. The waiter took our order ASAP and manager came back to check several times to make sure that things were moving quickly, that our order had been taken etc. The manager and the waiter were just flat out nice and super accommodating zero attitude even thought we were being very demanding. Food was great chicken schnitzel was great, fries had a good seasonings, very different than what you normally get. Son had the cornbread waffles which are a bit esoteric for kids but were loved by the adults, Ceaser was great as well as the matzoh ball soup and the cauliflower soup. Even more amazing we had a picky eater that insisted on getting a Tahini shake from Goldie's upstairs and nobody batted an eye when we went to get it. Food was great but service was amazing and real. Will continue to go back again and again!Came here yesterday and had some mixed results. Food was excellent, but service was mixed. 
That said, the GM was extremely responsive and took responsibility for his server and a difficult situation. 
Kudos to John, as this is a trait we rarely see in society. Taking responsibility for ones employees is truly noble, and needs to be lauded. 
Will give the rooster a 2nd shot and will post a revision after that visit.This was the worst brunch I have ever experienced. The Bloody was horrible. There were 5 options on the menu, which normally means that those 5 things are really good, but this was awful. Way, way too expensive. Service was good thoLet me start by saying that I think what this place is doing is remarkable. 100% of the proceeds go to charity, and I think that's something to be celebrated. 
If you blinked, you'd miss Rooster Soup. It's a below-street-level, retro diner vibe. A friend and I decided to drop in on a Sunday afternoon when searching for brunch. We were sat immediately, and while it was busy, there was no shortage of available seating. 
The menu made me nervous. As it was around 1 pm, we missed breakfast, which ends at 11 am. With the 5 or 6 breakfast options nixed, there were only about 9 menu items to choose from, 4 soups and maybe 5 or 6 sandwiches. There were also a small handful of off menu daily specials.I worried my friend and I would have to bounce, because not only were we both craving breakfast, but my friend is a vegetarian and there were maybe three items on the menu that catered to my friend's diet. While the menu was limited, the price was right and we were hungry, so we decided to stay. 
I ordered a $7 bowl of the Matzo Ball soup, and my friend ordered an iced coffee and a $4 cup of the cauliflower soup. While the soup was delicious and satiating. I'm not one to ever order or voluntarily eat soup, but I enjoyed the entire bowl, the matzo balls were on point, and I definitely drank every last drop of the broth. The cauliflower soup was creamy and looked absolutely delicious. The smells coming from the grill were amazing, and made me wish I had ordered one of their melty sandwiches.
Overall, I was impressed with Rooster Soup, and I'm excited to see how they pave the way for giving back.Not sure why I never went and can't wait to go back.  Had the pork belly with cheddar grits mixed in a savory sauce. Unreal. Also had a little bit of the burger and it was far better than expected. Looking forward to going back...tomorrow most likely.Not only is the food great here but the fact that they donate 100% of it's profits is even better. The roasted cauliflower soup and the coconut cream pie are to die for! highly recommended!I love love love the soup here and the fact that I am doing good while simultaneously sipping a delicious bowl.  
Try the mushroom barley and the roasted cauliflower for vegetarian options.  The lentil sloppy joe is also solid.
For those who need meat, try the smoked matzo ball soup with the bacon, latke, and tomato sandwich on challah.  It's a very delish combo - just trust me.
And don't forget to finish with the coconut cream pie: smooth, creamy, and the perfect dessert.
Worth a visit for sure!Great, small and personable restaurant. Waiter and other staff were open and welcoming. Food is "home cooked", feels "great at the bottom of your stomach" type of food. For example, my husband had the cauliflower soup and lentil sloppy joes, I had a fantastic tuna sandwich (not drenched in mayonnaise). Be mindful of the address because we walked by it at least 3 timesDelicious food with a purpose!  I came in with my elderly dad and my service dog.  They intuitively asked if we wanted a quieter table (we did - thank you!) and brought water for my dog (thank you!)
I'm a vegetarian and had the broccolini melt - FANTASTIC!!!  Never had anything like it.  Pops had the potato leek soup and loved it.
Great service.  Staff was friendly, professional, efficient.
A don't miss.Yum! Definitely coming back.
Delicious soups and burgers, heard rave reviews about other dishes. Very yummy cocktails: I tried whiskey sour and Bloody Mary! Super nice staff! Good cause!!I love this place. I have been twice for lunch, and each time I was WOWED by the food and service. The manager, John, is fantastic, and greets everyone that walks through the door. I noticed that he made a point to chat with all the customers. You don't see that too much at other places. The sandwiches and soups are truly delicious. This place gets packed at lunch time. It's best to go prior to Noon, or after 1:30 pm to be guaranteed a seat. I arrived shortly after Noon during my last visit, and we waited about 20 minutes for a table.I've been having the strangest cravings for matzo ball soup and Rooster Soup did not disappoint.
Must get: mazto ball soup, banana cream pie, smoked trout tartine, panna cotta
Meh: roasted cauliflower soup, beer braised pork
Missed out: whitefish sandwich
I was quite impressed with the overall vibe of Rooster Soup. It's tucked in the...I guess basement of the building as you're walking down Sansom St, easy to miss unless you know what's what. The establishment has an authentic classic diner vibe, with milkshake and the whole nine yards. My favorites were definitely the matzo ball soup and the tartine sandwich. The smoked trout is made in a face-up style with fresno peppers, fennel and house made bread. It's really unique and something you can't find at many restaurants. The beer braised pork didn't have much of a kick in comparison. As for dessert, we shared the banana cream pie and the burnt ginger panna cotta. While I'm always a fan of banana-anything, I was surprised by how gentle the panna cotta was on my taste palate, it was neither too sweet or overwhelming. The only downside was that the service was a bit hit-n-miss and our waiter kept on forgetting our request and appeared flustered and forgetful. Also, the two of us spent more than $60, which was quite a bit for lunch.
Anyway, Rooster soup is a nice lunch spot, just be wary that you may have to spend more money than expected if you want to be full.
Food: 4 stars
Price: 3 stars
Service: 3 stars
Ambiance: 4 starsAmazing food and for a great cause plus they had bottomless mimosa's!!! Can't rave enough about this place!Rooster Soup is such a cute and cozy addition to the restaurants and bars on Sansom street. I came here for lunch around noon and I was happy to see that it wasn't super packed but it definitely filled up. I don't think a lot of people know about it yet especially because you have to go down a set of steps to get to the restaurant. 
The staff was very attentive without hovering. It seemed like everyone that worked there just helped out any table. We had a few different people refill our water, a different person take our order and another give us our bill. 
I also really liked the simple menu with a few soup, salad and sandwich options. They also had dessert and milkshakes. They offer happy hour on weekdays with beer, wine, cocktail and meatball specials. The variety of wine beer and cocktails is not extensive but just right. 
I ordered the grilled chicken sandwich with the potato bacon and leek soup. The soup was served in a coffee mug and it was the perfect amount! I got the chicken sandwich on challah bread instead of rye and it was amazing. The bread was soft and soaked up the tasty lemon pepper mayo spread.  
I'll definitely come by again to try a few different menu options and also the HH.Went for a work lunch and I was impressed. It is hard to give a diner type lunch place a 5, but it was better than a 4. The greek salad had a very spicy vinegar dressing. It was great. I also had the bean soup which was delicious. With soup in their name, they better do great soup. They do. We are going back for the matzah ball. They were out. 
My buddy had a burger and he said it was top notch. 
My only regret is that we did not get a cream pie. Next time.Came here for their Happy Hour after it was recommended to me from a friend and was disappointed. There weren't many people inside, so it was no issue getting a seat, unlike surrounding happy hours in the city. 
The drink specials were ehhh and there were pretty much no food specials. I ended up getting a chicken sandwich and it was super overpriced, it didn't even come with fries, so I got a side of fries that were literally doused with salt. 
The service was also not too great which was wild because the restaurant was empty and the aesthetic was very diner-esque. The worst part was that they close at 8 pm?!?! I definitely wasn't ready to leave at that time, but oh well. 
What I do love about Rooster Soup is that 100 percent of the proceeds go to Broad Street Ministry. That's pretty dope, but I likely will not be back. :(Great service! Food was excellent, egg and cheese sandwich on the biscuit is a home run. The atmosphere is wonderful, kind of like a 70s diner which fits perfectly.This place is good simple food. Owned by the same owners of Goldie - they hold true to what Goldie does, which is make a few dishes incredibly well. One of the most striking things about this place is the diner-style seating and the limited menu. I got the breakfast sandwich with a biscuit and I haven't looked back. The biscuit was fluffy and crumbly and it was filled with the perfect amount of eggs, cheese, and meat. This place has the portion sizes down - it's enough to fill, but not overfill. I will say though that this place is not cheap - and that breakfast sandwich ran me around $11, but if you're looking for a tasty breakfast - there is no place better.Literally my first few hours of being a resident of Phila (why does the whole word have to be so long? Does it make me cool or weird for saying "phila"?) Also, is itj ust me or is every place in pennsylvania some unnecessarily long name? wtf?
Anyways, so after walking down a few streets I've never been on before, I came across this place. There's another place that I was originally intending on patronizing (Lol, this is the first time I'm using that word in this context) but the line was so fucking long and ain't NOBODY got time. This place was beneath. Because we were literally emaciating to the point that my GI tract was probably digesting itself for a source of fuel, we stepped in here. After sitting down I confirmed on yelp this place was legit. 
Wait staff was friendly and I immediately went for the eggs. Segues are beneath me.
I also saw dogfish head on the menu. I'm a delaware alum so this was a necessary order for me. 
Ok fine I was out with my parents again. Now I'm even starting to doubt if I have friends. Constanza ordered this shrimp salad thing. Michael ordered a chicken sandwich. 
Eggs were run of the mill scrambled. They accommodated my request for almost on fire. Eggs were accompanied by thick Texas toast and this interesting potato substance whose flavor resembled a latke. Despite the oniony flair, it was very enjoyable.
In summary, it was cheap but the portions were small relative to what I'm used to in 'MURICA. It wasn't spectacular but it was solid.Although quite tasty, portions are small and prices high.  Recognizing this is for a fantastic cause, if a restaurant is going to serve food make sure the portions are enough so the person doesn't leave feeling hungry, which I did...and I was not the only one who felt this way.  Perhaps in time they'll adjust as it has only been open a short time.  Fingers crossed.I had a fabulous late Saturday morning lox and bagel breakfast platter here and was very impressed with the food, service and cool music they were playing. 
Looks like a good spot for a burger and a beer as well.Amazing! Everyone should go to this place .. no everyone should make this a spot they become regulars at . It's a great cause and great food. What can beat that? Oh a bar; they have that too.I've gone a couple of times for dinner and the food is delicious and reasonably priced, the staff is very friendly, it's not too crowded, and it's a fun upscale-diner type atmosphere. Definitely one of my favorite casual eats downtown!The first time here, I loved it. The server was awesome and he explained the specials and the food and drinks were terrific.
I went this past week and I had to push the waitress to give me some info. It was like I was bothering her. It was made worse when new people came in, she was super nice to them. It was odd. The drink and small $5 special burger were both tasty.
I will go back, maybe the first server or some one like them will be there. The happy hour deals are hard to beat on quality and price.Great food! The pot pie is amazing, the beef soup was hearty and tasty, and the latke blt was super tasty. A little salty, but awesome. They have a bar which is awesome, and the space is great. The owner came by and was meeting every table which was nice.
Good food, and an awesome cause. I will happily continue to support this awesome cause by eating tasty food.