The food and the services was the best! Just don't go on a cold day! I'm not sure the heat was working this day !I was visiting  philadelphia and wanted to try a new spot.  A friend of mine recommended this place. Let's just say I'm mad with my friend now. The professionalism was the worst. On top of being slow as hell, they all had attitudes.  Arguing in front of the guests and everything. I finally placed my order. It was a nice crowd so I knew I would be waiting. About 45 mins later my food came out. IT WAS MADE WRONG! I was really frustrated at this point. I said cancel my order please. My server apologized and said she would fix the mistake very quickly.  She did. I must say....the Food was very good,  but no one should have to experience this ordeal before eating. Bad customer service but good fun don't mix. They need to invest in a hospitality rep to whip them into shape or sonething.The service here was terrible. The food was pretty ok but it took the waiter about 25 minutes to take our order then another 30 minutes for the food. I would not be coming back. I do not recommend this place.Perfect. I love it. Everyone's nice and it never takes long for the food to be done. The food is great but the red velvet pancakes are definitely my favorite. I'm extremely awkward in public and get nervous and speak low when I order and they were very understanding. I truly appreciate this place and hope it's around for a while.This place is not nice and the atmosphere is unpleaseant. The staff is not courteous to their customers, never in my life have I encountered that type of treatment at a food establishment. They failed to process my order and never told me. Once I got to the location the owner told me "We should have canceled it" and then the owner said "I'll contact Grubhub" she didn't offer to make anything else or even apologize. I understand that they were closed when I got there, but I placed my order way in advance so that is not profession and I personally do not think people should attend an establishment where they are not treated with respect. For the expensive prices you would expect just a bit more courtesy.There are very few times in which I walk into a restaurant and love it right off the bat. The place is small I admit. Many may go so far as to call it a hole in the wall. But I daresay this is the best hole in the wall I've ever been to. The lady at the front was beyond polite, offered recommendations and even offered to heat up my friends food as she fed her baby. The menu is so diverse that I must have stared at it for a half an hour before I ordered. Speaking of, let's talk about the food.
So we went in and I already knew what I wanted due to another review for the other Breakfast Boutique. I wanted the jerk chicken and waffles. Again the menu was diverse but that's what I went for as I made a mental note to get the shrimp and grits next time. When I ordered it I was happy to find that I got a complimentary soup or salad. The soups were chicken noodle and cream of broccoli. I got the chicken noodle and my friend got the cream of broccoli. Both came with complimentary garlic bread and both were delicious. I tasted hers and was pleasantly surprised at how firm the veggies were in both soups. Usually they're mush. The wait wasn't that long when one takes into account that the food is made to order, fresh and on the premises. The lady was nice enough to warn us beforehand and I appreciated it. It sure beats the processed mess I'm used to. The food came out steaming hot and smelled great. The waffles were moist and the butter so sweet that I was tempted to eat it alone after I finished the waffles. When I ordered the chicken I asked how it was prepared. The lady said that it depends who is cooking that day and on this day the chicken was fried. The wings were massive and coated in jerk seasoning with even more on the bottom of the bowl. I spooned it onto some of the wings as I finished and yes it was delicious.
I also want to comment on sides. I didn't get any sides myself but my friend got the mac and cheese and collard greens. The mac and cheese was disappointing. Whereas I can admit that I tasted cheese and that it was clearly homemade it wasn't seasoned very well and it was floating in grease. I'm not sure what cheeses were used but clearly they were greasy. I found the collard greens to be delicious and well seasoned.
All in all we ate two full sized meals for a little over $20. I can't complain about that price and normally spend that at most fast food joints but this place gives them a run for their money in both price and quality and I plan to return.This was probably one the worse experiences I have had eating out. Their was an extremely long wait for a table and we were placed near the door. It was very active door and a cold day so that's not a good mix. We were told after we sat that our wait could be up to 25 minutes. We probably wait almost an hour and the entire order was incorrect and cold. The waitress tried to smooth things over with a free slice of cake but that couldn't make up for the terrible meal. The restaurant is small and in my past experiences had pretty good food but you can tell that they are cutting corners due to their participating in uber Eats. The owner gave a half hearted apologize and was more intent on making excuses and not owning up to the bad experience. I would probably not go back in the future nor would recommend it until changes are made to accommodate in-house customers the same as online orders.Decor isn't fancy, but great food and friendly service! They have some creative brunch options on the menu - well priced as wellGreat friendly homey place... good plate  presentations
Nice menu selection. Food is very good... very polite staff. I will be a regular...Well presentation was good..food cold though eggs overcooked...service needs a revamp and experience...too bad could be a great place to go.This is a cute place! They tried to jazz it up but it needs renovations but its still cute. The ladies that work there come off a little stand offish but are really nice! The food is absolutely smashing!!! I ordered the blueberry pancakes with fresh made buttercream frosting and the fresh blueberries caramelized perfectly in the cakes,please order this!! They really changed my mind about not liking pancakes because i never liked the thick chalky/cakey taste that the box mix gives me! I didn't even have to ask were the pancakes made from scratch i could totally tell!! Ill still ask next time tho lol....My husband got the shrimp and grits and gave the thumbs up on it! And his shrimps were big too! This is our spot for sure now! Only thing was that they are slow but the food is so good that its worth the wait honestly! We ordered a waffle to go fir our nephew and the waitress kept it under the warmer for us and it was still warm when we got home to give it to him.I loved my experience here and the food was delish. When I got there I was so glad I went. They really made my day. At the door I was greeted with a warm hello. Yes the restaurant is small but I was fine with that. Great things come in small packages. I went with my baby and my friend. We sat down and the lady took our orders. I didn't know what to get so we asked the waitress and she told us all of the meals people usually buy. She also informed us that everything was made fresh. That made me happy, knowing I'm going to get fresh food and something not just heated up. Yaay. i ordered the lemonade and it was sooo good. I haven't had lemonade in years so I was glad I did. It was sooo good. Then I said I wanted soup because it was was chilly outside. It was between chicken noodle and cream of broccoli so I ordered the cream of broccoli. The soup even came with a slice of hot buttery garlic bread. The garlic bread was the best I have had in years. It was buttery and had just the right amount of garlic. That was yummy. Then I ordered Desiree's  fried wing platter which was steaming hot and the batter they cooked it in was unforgettable. The skin was flaky with a unique texture.  With the chicken I got two sides, the Mac and cheese and collard greens. My meal was delicious and the service was amazing. This is a restaurant that I will visit again. The food was made to order and everything was a reasonable price. My new favorite place.Love this place!!!!! I get the red velvet pancakes every time I go. My only complaint is that the breakfast sausage are not that good. I've tried pork and turkey, I wasn't happy with either. So I just stick to the bacon.Just dined there for the first time this week.  Overall - GREAT menu options and it was really difficult to pick just one (good thing there was a group of us and we could sample each other's plates!).  Welcoming atmosphere, and even for a weekday morning, it was crowded!  The only hiccup would be to make sure you have time to sit and relax when dining here - it did take a little bit of time between ordering the food and it coming out to the table!  Overall though, our group enjoyed our yummy breakfasts and the overall vibe!  We plan on going back!Third time customer here! The first time, I just ordered the boutique breakfast sampler for takeout. It took like 20 minutes but it was delicious. However, it is super sweet so if you're not into super sweet but want to try it, keep that in mind. I ate here for brunch with my boyfriend yesterday, he got the hungry man special, I got the build-your-own-omelet platter. It took like half an hour or more for it to come out. Everything was delicious, but it took super long. Today, I decided I wanted to order ahead since I have class and I don't want to be late, knowing they take really long. It's 8am on a Thursday and I called 5 times, no response. I figured they were busy, walked in, not one customer. It's so upsetting. The food here is really good, but the service is annoying. The food deserves 5 stars, but I can't get over the service.Our waitress Ms. Joyce was the best! All stagf was very attentive to our needs and the food was excellent!
I've read many negative reviews about this place which made me skeptical about coming in this place. Best decision I made all day. We ordered french toast and shrimp and grits. We loved both dishes so much that I told them we would be back for dinner!!Horrible service! I will not be returning back . I ordered a French toast meal.So my boyfriend and I had to wait very long for our sides. They did not even offer us more to drink like an average waiter does. They still tried to charge us for the sides that were suppose to be taken off due to the long wait for the sides . We did not even consume or have them bring the sides to our table.We Will not be returning here . I try to support my own people , but some have to get better with customer service. When i tried to talk to the manager about the sides taken off she still tried to charge me as if I had both sides .Stay away!!! Here for my husbands birthday. Waited over an hour yet my eggs were cold! There are no more than tables here yet the wait is insane for basic breakfast!my eggs, as well as my husbands were both microwaved to hell and brought back out. This place needs a LOT of improvement! My mother-in-law and husband liked the homegrown though. Also the waitress came out to tell us there where two tickets ahead of us... After we had waited close to 50 minutes. Crazy!The food is amazing, but not good enough to make up for the horrible service. I will not order from this location again. While visiting Philly this weekend, I called to place an order for food yesterday and today. Yesterday, my order was incorrect even after confirming the order 3 times with the waitress on the phone. I confirmed 3 times because she recalled the order incorrectly twice. Today, I couldn't even complete my order because the waitress on the phone argued with me and then argued with my boyfriend when we both tried confirming the order (we didn't want a repeat from yesterday). I've never encountered anything like this before. We wanted to spend our money there and the waitress on the phone chose to be extremely rude. I can only hope they record their phone calls and have the opportunity to train the young lady that answered the phone.The decor is cute and bright. The service was so friendly and familiar it seemed like I was the only newcomer.  They knew the 7 - 8 other people that came in while I was there.  I couldn't decide between the fish and grits and the red velvet waffle so since the prices are so reasonable, I got both and had a enough to take home for a second meal. All the food was very good.  The fish was well seasoned. My cheese grits were under salted but I prefer that to being too salty.  The "red" in the red velvet meant stawberry.  I didn't taste chocolate but I liked the strawberry and sweet cream cheese frosting that was served with it.  I have driven by this place at least 187,000 times but now that I've tasted the food, I will definitely stopping by more.Super friendly staffing, great food presentation and taste. My fave so far has been the cinnamon swirl pancakes. I've been twice in one week for breakfast.My bestie was visiting from Atlanta for the Philly Love Run and I wanted to show her a good time and that included good eats! I took her to the Breakfast Boutique because it's close to home. I visited in the past and the food was okay, not great but okay and the service was okay! 
First, let me say it's time to do a little upgrading to the aesthetics, I'm sorry to say it's a little shabby. I would like to go to a restaurant nearby rather than going to let's say, Northern Liberties. Secondly, it was cold, very cold. They tried to blame it on the door being opened and closed but whatever. I must say they were kind enough to sit us toward the back, I don't know if that was good or bad their were booths in the back, that were in desperate need of refurbishing! Thirdly, the food was like in the pass just okay, I had the chicken and waffles and my bestie had the salmon cakes and grits that she said was good and didn't have a lot of filler! My grandson had the turkey sausage patties and pancakes, the sausages weren't browned and looked a little grey and the pancakes were tough. Oh, the green lemonade is a little off putting! Finally, the service was good, our waitress Angel was sweet! Would love to patronize the BB and recommend it to others but I pride myself on my recommendations!! Enough said!Service was friendly.  I was interested in the jerk chicken and waffles, shrimp and grits or salmon cake.  The waitress said the shrimp and grits was the big seller, so I got that.  The server asked if I wanted cheese in the grits, I agreed. 
When the food came out I was underwhelmed.  There's an attempt made to plate the dish but the cheese wasn't incorporated in the grits, there were literally two slices laid on the plate in between piles of lukewarm grits.  The cheese didn't melt.  That's just lazy.  The shrimp were cooked in a old bay butter sauce and there wasn't any gravy or anything, so that was disappointing.  So pretty simple.  To spruce up the meal I asked for a salmon cake but the waitress informed me that if I got one salmon cake with no grits it would be the same price, $9.  I passed on that. 
Food wasn't horrible, and they are up to something so I hope they take it up a notch.  Lot of potential in this neighborhood, 3.5 stars but since the service was good I'll round it up to 4.Ordered breakfast via the Yelp delivery app.  We had shrimp & grits, the Hungry Man special & fried fish & grits.  The food was good as expected & no issues with delivery process.Slow service, good stuffed french toast, and green juice lemonade i believe. The servers need to be more aware because i felt ignored.The food was okay but the service was a little below average. We arrived on Sunday around 11:00am and waited 30 minutes to be seated. 
I ordered OJ but the waitress brought me the green lemonade instead. My niece ordered the fish and grits, which was extremely good. I ordered the French toast and sausages. the French toast was so  sweet that I could only eat one piece, and  the beef sausage had a mushy taste.(SN: I was surprised  that I didn't go into a diabetic coma after eating it.) I ordered hot tea which never came. 
The waitress only checked on our table one time and we waited about a good 20 minutes for our food. I've been to the  other location and customer service isn't the BB strong suit, certain dishes are really good other ones are hit or miss. This is a good spot for take out not dinning in. if they worked on their  customer service then this could be an pretty good breakfast spotFood is good once you get it. Been going here for years and they have the same issue. You call and order , they tell you 15 minutes. Well they actually mean 15 minutes once you get there. They can't handle crowds unlike some other breakfast stores in the area.  Ogontz is way more efficient!  This time they finally have my order ready and forget the toast. So I just left. ‍‍‍. I posted 2 pics of when I called and when I paid.Decided to try this location as I am used to going to the ogontz location. Staff was nice...food was nothing like the other location. Cheese wasn't melted....food wasn't hot. I was surprised. I usually clean my plate. If you visit breakfast boutique ....visit the ogontz location.Just ate here. Food was delicious as usual. The service can be slow if they are slammed but they always take care of you. We always go for breakfast and get fish and grits and frenchtoast. Always a great option since it's close to home and La Salle where I go to school. A better meal than you can get in the neighborhood.Yet another delicious meal at the Breakfast Boutique. I have to try something other than the shrimp&grits. But, it's SOOOO GOOD!! I ordered cheddar in my grits, which just made it better. My Mom ordered the chicken wing sampler, and my Sis had the fried whiting with onion rings. There's nothing like fresh plate of soul food. Our server was kind enough to warn us about the red velvet cake, so we were able to snag a few slices before it disappeared. And it went FAST! That cake was a moist, flavorful treat. Especially the next day with coffee. 
I'll be back.Arrived here because the store on Ogontz was under renovation and I was disappointed in them for opening this second store; they are under staffed and not pleasant at all. Walked in there was no at the host booth and non of the employees greeted us or even asked if we needed help until I called out after waiting for 10min. The wait was over an hour we will never come to this restaurant again poor service and poor quality food.Its ok. Went here withn a few friends, arrived after them with my children. The waitress seemed to be somewhat annoyed with our group for some reason. Service was so so to give it a grade.
Food was average. I've had better and have had worse. Just had homefries and a short stack w/seasonal mixed fruit. Fruit was decent except pinapple was a bit hard. potatoes were decent, pancakes were good. 
My friends didnt like their food so much. One of them left almost her entire meal uneaten.
I would give this place another try as the conditions were a bit slow and rainy.
"eeh."Ordered what was supposed to be world renown bbq chicken and it was mediocre. Small serving of over seasoned spinach and large serving of under flavored mashed potatoes.  My husband had tilapia (ordered salmon but was told they ran out) (side eye) that was dry. He asked for a sauce to help and after two attempts received a hollandaise sauce. His rice pilaf was a rice in chicken stock. The music for some reason was so loud that it wad hard to have a conversation and we were the only ones there. 
I've come here for breakfast and enjoyed it. On the strength of that and that the are black owned, I guess that I will have to try them for lunch/dinner again. Maybe it was an off day.Placed my order through Uber Eats and I couldn't be more disappointed. Ordered Tilapia and Cheese grits with butter (which they charged me extra for the cheese and 7.50 for tilapia) However I received whiting, and dry grits (no cheese, no butter, just lumpy plain grits) my husband ordered salt and pepper wings which were undercooked (pink in the middle) and the iced tea I ordered showed up as a fruit punch! When I called in to speak to someone I spoke to the nastiest woman ever! Not a service professional just plain rude! I'm never ordering from this place again. They can keep their burnt cornbread.I ordered the grilled salmon salad. It was horrible the salmon was barley cooked. I was very disappointed with my order.The food is great, almost like homemade. Place is clean. My issue, you ask?? They NEVER answer the phone . At least not the last 6 times I've tried to call and order take out. I either have to go in to place order and wait around or order through uber eats. Smh. I don't have this problem with the other location. I hope the owner or workers sees this review and rectifies this. I get it, it may be busy, but at least pick up and put me on hold. Potential new customers calling to make sure you are open won't show up. You guys may be losing out on more business. Get it together pleaseeeeeeeexcellent food!  home made everything!  pancakes (red velvet too), grits, fish, scrapple, sausage chicken,  homemade cake, burgers and fries... oh my god! i could go on!.. finally...good old fashioned hospitality and soul music!I've never been treated so badly at a restaurant in my entire life. My family and I went here for brunch Sunday. At first when we approached we saw some tables outside. When we got inside the restaurant it was so busy that there were no tables. We asked if we could sit outside. However, when we sat down, we realized that the tables were all broken and could barely hold our drinks let alone food. We quickly established with the host and waitress that we'd like to move inside once a table opened up. The waitress took our order, all seemed alright - though really why would you keep unusable tables that could potentially spill food all over customers? 
I am OK with restaurants that are generally a little slower. These days you often feel like you're being rushed out of places. However, when an hour passed and we kept seeing people walk into the restaurant without coming out, we started to wonder what happened to our table, and if we would be eating anytime soon. When I walked in to check, I saw that two people we'd seen walk in the restaurant were seated. I was about to snap at someone before another waitress informed us that our table was just being set up and would be ready in a minute. I let it go. 
Then we were seated. We were completely out of beverages at this point and asked for more. I asked for water not once, but three times. I never got my water. The longer the meal or not so much a meal went on, the more short our waitress got with us. She never explained what was going on to us, let alone apologized for seating someone else before us. 
In what seemed like 45 minutes after we sat down inside (with blaring music playing behind our heads), my brother and his girlfriend got their food. My boyfriend and I did not. No word was said to us about this. We figured it would come right away. Nope. I finally had to ask about our food and was curtly told, "it's coming." 
20 minutes after my brother and his girlfriend got their food, my boyfriend and I got our dishes. They forgot half of what we ordered so we had a small little bowl of grits and eggs. I finally got the fries I ordered in a to-go container at the end of the meal, which was random. 
Admittedly the food was tasty, but what isn't when you add five tons of butter on to it? 
I asked for the check when I got my food and, surprise surprise, had to ask for it AGAIN. Each time the waitress gave us an annoyed look. 
Then we tried to pay....Yeah that took another 20 minutes. 20 minutes to swipe a card and get rid of a set of customers who these people OBVIOUSLY didn't want there. I can't help but wonder why they didn't want us to hurry up and get out. 
The entire time I was here, I felt like they were going out of their way to ignore us and be awful. All because we were asking for perfectly reasonable things like not having a table that breaks, not being denied water in an 90 degree room, and having the luxury of eating one's meal at the same time as everyone else in her party. But I guess that was a lot to ask, right? 
I told my brother I'd cry if he even thought of leaving a tip. I've never not tipped anyone, but these people don't just not deserve a trip, they deserve a call from the better business bureau.It was my first time here the other day and I was SO impressed.  The staff was so warm and inviting. I got the fish and grits. It was amazing!  I waited a little (not long at all) and for my patience a waitress paid for my meal! I told all my friends about this place. Ill be backThe service at The Breakfast Boutique was so lacking that it had to be intentional. At every step, there was an astounding wait. What made it worst was there was never an explanation or apology. Half of the people at my table received there food while the other half had to wait another 20 minutes. I've never seen anything like this before. When the food finally did arrive, I was missing an item that was suppose to be on my plate. And a side dish for the table arrived another 15 minutes later in a to-go container. 
The food was actually okay. I enjoyed my grits and my veggie omelet alright. But the unexplained deficiencies in service forces me to give a one star, which is something.The food here is absolutely the best. I started off going to the location on Ogontz Ave then came to Broad St. when that location closed (moved?) same great food. I love that there is a place in my neighborhood with food that is both delicious and inventive. This place has a menu that's a hybrid of local breakfast stores and fancy center city brunch spots. My personal favorite is the shrimp & grits that's served in a delicious garlic butter. The fish & grits are amazing as well. The fish is tender inside, crispy outside and seasoned to perfection. I wish they would spruce up the decor of this place a little to look more like the Chestnut Hill location, but the food is what really counts and it's fabulous!!ZERO  STARS:
I just came from catching a Lyft(wasting money) to this place( for a BIRTHDAY brunch) only to see that they are close!  Even though they're supposed to still be open for another HOUR. Some time has gone past, but I attached the screenshot below where you can see that there's 41 minutes left before they're supposed to close! 
I looked through their window and you can see there's a light on in the back. So there ARE people in there! I tried calling SEVERAL TIMES and NO ONE answered and their voicemail is FULL.
NEVER  have I ever experienced something like this. This is  BEYOND crazy and EXTREMELY UNPROFESSIONAL! I will not EVER attempt to come back here again!Great food! Great staff! The music is wayyyy too loud! I eat there and at the other place as well. I prefer this location. Keep up
The good work, just turn down the music please.I love the breakfast boutique. The food is of quality, freshly made, customized to your order and deliciously served. The chef comes out of the kitchen when he isn't busy and mingles with his customers and is open fir suggestions. He has two locations that I am aware of. I am fond of the one located on broad street. The homemade desserts are very good too!!! Space is a little tight but what the hell!Today was a snow day from work for my sister and I so we decided to get breakfast together. Now, because of the weather I didn't want to travel all over for a good bite to eat. So, I used yelp to look up nearby breakfast spots. The Breakfast Boutique came up and from the pictures, the food and the ambience looked like it was worth a try. When we pulled up, I was unaware there are two locations. I thought we were going to the Ogontz location but we pulled up to the Broad Street one. Initially, we were going to do takeout but decided to dine in. We were seated immediately so that was good. Our waitress was nice and pretty attentive. I liked the color scheme lime green, silver, and white and they had really nice music playing. It reminded of the music my mom and grandma used to play. When it came time to order, I ended up getting the stuffed French toast with a side of beef bacon and my sister ordered the jerk chicken and red velvet waffles. While waiting for our food to come out, I  was looking around more carefully at things. Being as though I also cook, cleanliness and presentation are VERY important factors to me. With that being said, our table decor was nice however, it was very dusty. The napkin holder and faux flowers need to be wiped down more often. Also, a little concerning was a conversation I overheard. There was a mother and daughter sitting behind us whom called their waitress over. The daughter spoke very quietly as not to make a scene since other people were in the restaurant waiting for takeout. As quiet as she was, I heard her tell the waitress that they had just seen a roach crawling on the wall near their table. Lets keep in mind this place is not very big and they were seated directly behind us. I was hoping I did not hear what I thought I heard so, I tried to put it out of my mind. I really wanted to give this place a try and support a Black owned business so we stayed. Our food came out shortly after this and though I was now very hesitant to eat, I did try. At first glance, the food looked very good. It was hot and the portions were nice. My stuffed French toast was good and so was my beef bacon. My critique for my food was that they could have used less of the strawberry and creme sauces. It almost over powered the meal. My sister had the same comment for her red velvet waffles. She said there was too much of the strawberry and creme sauces. So much so she felt her waffles were soggy because of it. She also was not a fan of her jerk chicken. It was very light in color and a bit bland. She said it could have used more time in the oven to crisp up. So, it was a little off putting for her. Overall, it was just an "Ok" experience. I feel their food has a lot of potential but it suffered from some technical errors. Consistency is key, and if I were to ever go back, I would not sit in and I would probably try something fried like the shrimp or fish (these dishes looked very appetizing). Maybe I will have to go to the original location to sway me but as of now, this is not a place I will be rushing to go back to. I believe if they work on a few of the things I mentioned, it would be a lot better. I do support Black businesses and I would like to continue to support this one but they have some serious changes they need to make.i do uber eats delivery on the side the waiter as i collected my food delivery from this restaurant told me that next time i come to remove my hood from my head because he doesn't want the customers to get scared thinking im there to rob the place first off it's 34 degrees outside note my hood was partially on my head and i have done hundred of uber deliveries from the restaurant before also i have a philadelphia eagles logo big as day on my hoodie and they have a picture of me that show in their uber database. smh you talk about being profiled i would never eat here or order here ever black community this a big problem with black business today. i wonder if i was a white asian or hispanic if he'd asked them to do the same also there's no remove a hood sign anywhere in the building but after today they will go buy 1! the devil told me to argue back once he said the comment but instead i just walked out called and told uber i refuse to do any order for that restaurant period! i dont usually write negative reviews complaining is overrated but this is a huge issue on what's wrong with today societyI was extremely happy with my meal. Food was served hot and everything was so delicious. I ordered the fish and grits and the fish was seasoned to perfection, grits were hot amd swimming in butter. Prices were more than reasonable. I wish that paying for the meal was as enjoyable as eating it-make sure you bring cash...They're unprofessional! To stay the least a roach was in my sisters food, they argued it was from the Uber eats guy car but the bag was tied close. Never purchasing anything from them again!!!I ordered chicken and waffles for the first time and was very disappointed. The chicken wings were not cooked thoroughly and I was not able to eat for fear of getting sick. Don't think I'll order from here againUnfortunately, we found this place after a saddening funeral service. However, the food was just what we needed to lift our spirits after the event. We all had soda for our beverages. My daughter had a plate of shrimp and grits, my husband had the jerk chicken and waffles and I had fried fish and grits. It was so delicious. Not everyone can fry fish so it was such a delight. The fish was crispy and seasoned nicely. The grits were cooked well, not watery, the best consistency. The food didn't take too long to come out which was good because we were hungry. The service was prompt from the moment we entered the restaurant until we left. Seating was a bit tight due to all the scattered round tables but its not a deal breaker. Only negative take away from this place was that it was absolutely freezing. It was early November and it was barely much warmer than the cold air outside. It looked like they were trying to counter the cold air with various heaters throughout the restaurant but if you weren't sitting right next to the heater you barely felt any warm air. We literally kept our coats on the whole time we were there.It doesn't look like much on the outside but when you walk in it is beautiful!!!!!. The decor is gorgeous it makes you feel so comfortable. My food did not take long to come out. Before bagging it up to go she showed me my food to ensure everything was to my liking and she offered me condiments. The fish was so crunchy and flavorful. The grits were good as well. I can't wait to try another item.As soon as you walk through the door your mouth is ready for deliciousness. I knew what I was ordering based on what I smelled. I ordered the fish and grits but substituted the grits for potatoes. The person that  I was with had the shrimp and grits and loved. Taleya was great! She took very good care of us. The atmosphere was cozy and friendly. Diners were speaking to each other and talking about the food and making suggestions. We recommend them and will definitely return.I came in on a whim to have brunch with my sisters (who'd dined here before). The 1st thing I notice is the decor; beautiful wallpaper in the damask style. There was also framed black art all over the walls; Biggie and Tupac, a couple of watercolor prints and a cartoonish Eddie Murphy from McDowell's in 'Coming To America'. 
The staff was friendly and patient. I appreciated the diversity of the staff ( a Latinx person behind the counter, a queer person as our server and another server who was black femme presenting with an African head wrap). 
Now on to the food. 1st of all....The Selection! I was blown away that they not only make chicken n' waffles...but JERK chicken n' waffles too! Also? Any kind of pancake you could think of (and waffles in the same fashion)! I had a taste for something with grits. Maybe shrimp  & grits or fish & grits? Though they make both, the server suggested I get the seafood (Atlantic Salmon & shrimp) croquettes and grits. My one sister order the Apple Pie Pancakes (with a buttercream drizzle & strawberry compote) w/ the Ice Cream Topping and Turkey Scrapple. The other ordered the Stuffed French Toast eggs and Beef Bacon. Lucky for me, they let me try their food because it was 1st time. 
The portion sizes. My goodness. Each meal is clearly at least 2.5 meals. You could order for 1 and share with a friend. 
Everything was good. Every. Single. Bite. Of. Every. Single. Thing.
The only reason they didn't make 5 stars is because:
1.) Unfortunately, they didn't have ice cream for my sister's pancakes (as described on the menu but the server went the extra mile to go to the store to try to get ice cream! That was amazing service! The store didn't have the ice cream but the server definitely did an amazing job!
2.) The food didn't come out together so we had some items of food at different times so some other items got cold waiting
3.) They may need to do some exterminating because there was a roach on the door that leads into the kitchen.
Point 3 will keep me from this particular location, but I can't wait to try the Mt. Airy & Chestnut Hill locations.This place is cute and welcoming.  Talia who greeted us at the door, seated and served us was very nice. Great service and clean. The food was so good with great portion size. I had the shrimp and grits and it was presented well. My cousin has the whiting (fish) platter with potatoes. We both had enough to take home for a extra serving. Everybody that we saw when we first walked in was eat the fish, lol. Let me not forget the cornbread, it was so good. Prices are on point. I will definitely come here again. O, it's byob. I was told that when I asked for a mimosa.Black owned business
Came here for brunch before our long drive to Long Island. The menu online looked appetizing so I was curious to taste the cuisines. Nice location with street parking right next to the tattoo shop. We were greeted right away by the cold air inside the restaurant and a small heating fan. Let me emphasize that is place was cold. Warm enough if you're sitting near the kitchen to take off your coat but my daughter did not the whole meal.
The food was very delicious. I enduldged in chicken and waffles, my daughter got the shrimp and grits, only problem was being so cold inside her food lost its heat very quickly. She's not a fast eater so she ended up wasting food because she no longer wanted to eat the cold grits. I'll come visit in the summer for a better experience otherwise they need to work on getting a better heat supply for the whole restaurant so customers can be comfortable inside.I love the new remodel and the new menu items.  Food is always delicious service is good tooLately I've been going to the Chestnut Hill location, however, today I couldn't get in there so I went to Broad St. I was initially pleasantly surprised because it was cleaned up a bit. I was seated right away then had to wait 20 mins to give my order only to be told they're out of shrimp. Ugh so I ordered another meal and as we are eating a roach crawls up the wall near my daughter. We called someone over who killed the roach and then walked away. They bought the $15 check and I paid and left. Obviously they're used to killing roaches because I didn't get an apology or the food comped.....things happen but how they're handled is key. They could've at very least apologized and at the most gave us the meal free. Unfortunately, neither occurred. So disappointed!The food is great but if you want to order by phone forget it. If they are busy it either goes right to voicemail or no one bothers to pick up. Other restaurants are busy and manage to pick up the phone. No way to run a business. We are all your customers and deserve the same respect you give to your in house customers.They seemed to have remodeled and changed their name to The breakfast boutique. The breakfast boutique 1 looks like has officially closed on Ogontz Avenue. 
My boyfriend and I dined here on Sunday morning. I had the shrimp and sautéed shrimp with eggs over easy and scrapple. He has home fries, eggs over easy, bacon and toast. His home fries were not completely cooked. The potatoes were hard as were the red peppers. He didn't enjoy them at all . Not sure if they have a new cook at this location as well for the home fries use to be the best. We waited for what seemed to be an hour just for our food to come out of the kitchen. That was after 3 waitresses came over to advise us that they would be our waiter. Not sure if they are fighting over tables in here. 
Anyway food was ok. Long wait, and coffee gets cold fast.
Oh and the bathroom upstairs had no toilet paper.