Convenient when you're bar hopping down in the city, but rude bartenders. Especially the middle aged woman who reminded me of an uglier Carla from Cheers.First time here last evening, overall super impressed. Has that dive bar appeal, but the quality of food, selection of drink, etc exceed the maximum for a dive bar. We sat in "the back bar". Small and dark, just how we like it! Makes for a really good ambience. Would definitely be great for a small gathering or party. The service was great! The food was on par with your above average Philly restaurant, but the prices sit just below what the others would charge. They have a great HH that runs from 5-7. We just missed out on that. 
Great experience for us. It's definitely crowded on a Friday evening, but so are many other spots in Philly. In my opinion, it's certainly worth the cramp. I'd definitely recommend at least one try here.I found it to be cozy and laid back. The food was really good and even though we felt a bit cramped it was never uncomfortable. I like to go in the fall and winter when I'm most in the mood for pubs.To be fair, I've never had their Traditional Chicken Pot Pie before, but I have eaten many times in other food establishments, but this was foul. (near spoiled) could be way to much of an herb, maybe thyme, did not see any in the dish. For me not to eat something, it has to be inadequate. I complained, they took it off my bill.  No manager or chef in sight. 
The burger was WAY better.
Service was poor.I just had a couple of Tito's and grapefruit (greyhounds) AND the grapefruit juice was fresh and tasty...didn't taste like the canned grapefruit I've tasted at other bars...and the service was great.I love Happy Rooster!  I love it because they have randomly incredible food.  I love it because they have excellent Bloody Mary's.  I love it because of its atmosphere.  But mostly I love it because of its food.  What can I say.  I like food.  Shocking I know.
But really, their food is excellent.  I've had a large variety of choices off of the menu, and they've all been fantastic.  And I was talking to my dad about this place the other day, and he says that even back in the 1780's when he was working in downtown Philadelphia (haha jussssst kidding...more like the 1910's.  Don't tell him I said that.) they had great food for extremely reasonable prices.  
So if you ever find yourself at the corner of 16th and Sansom and are about to walk into the gaudily present Marathon Grill across the street, and you by happen-chance look over and see this cute little sign that looks kind of old and kind of random, and you think, "hey!  I read that weird girl Liz's review of this place on that website" you should try it out.  Do it.  I dare you.  I double dog dare you.We just went for drinks on a Saturday night.  Service was poor... drinks were over-priced... and we got over-charged.  They had one bartender, Regina (I believe) and they were swamped. Womp...womp...The staff is friendly and knowledgable.
Nothing on tap, but a decent beer selection. Definitely recommend the lobster Mac and cheese.This place is exceptional! Favorite bar in the city. Grab a drink or dinner either way you'll leave satisfied. Also, Bartender Diane is the bomb dot com!Came in for a quick beer expecting average service and accidentally found my new favorite spot. Jocelyn is incredible, as well as the rest of the service. Congrats guys, you've earned a new regular.Unhappy Rooster- visiting from out of town, looked like a cute and cozy spot when we walked by. Decided to give it a try and walked in and there weren't any bar spots available and all tables had a reserved sign placed on them. We were getting ready to walk out when nice customers offered us their seats because they were leaving. While we were waiting for the customers to gather their things and leave, we noticed a lady serving wine from behind the bar and an officer waiting with a $20 bill out. The lady behind the bar serving glasses of wine never said a word to us until after 5 minutes we had been seated at the bar top. She said, "the bartender will be here shortly." We continued to wait and finally decided that we were waiting at a place with poor customer service. If an officer can't get served within 3 minutes, then there's bigger issues at this place. Too many bar options available in the area to be given poor service.Watched the owner call a woman a cunt during a political argument on election night.  All my coworkers agree, never again.Stopped here for a quick drink after missing my train.  Very divey bar, especially considering the location  Inside could use about $50k of renovations.  Staff was attentive but made an error on my drink order.  They only had bottles/cans, nothing on tap.  Maybe the food is good, but certainly are much, much better spots to grab a beer.Really cool bar. Two bars, the front one with ample seating and one in the back with more intimate seating. The front one has booths while the back has two seater table tops. Great vibe , awesome music. They stopped serving food at 11 pm (sadly we missed the food). Not sure what was up with the bartender. Didn't smile, didn't ask how are you, sitting off to the side on his phone because the bar was busy. Not cool for a bartender to do. Maybe just an off night for him. Waitress is great, cute to boot too! Loved everything about the bat except for the mood of the bartender. Lots of locals. Not sure about the back bartender. Flatbread looked delicious.A group of us decided to go out this Sunday after work to toast our manager who was transferring. It was quite empty when the 12 of us got there, but it slowly started to fill up.  There was only one bartender and there was no service for the tables. It started to get a little crazy for the bartender. I sort of figured out the guy sitting next to me watching the Eagles was either the manager or supervisor, he did pick up food and deliver it to the bartender. What kind of place does this happen in? How does the manager sit there watching TV when this girl is getting buried? Not impressed enough to make any of us go back. Too bad Happy Rooster owners:(....Went here for a afternoon cap and late lunch. Had the shrimp and grits which had nice flavor. Good service and good. I would recommend for a quick eat, good service and cozy environment.I really like this place-especially amongst all the other "bars" around center city.  It's NOT a dive, but has that welcoming homey feel.  The food (bar snacks, brunch, and dinner fare) have all been really good (not all typical bar food, and with good flavor).  Drinks are often stiff, which is never a problem.  There's routinely descent music (i.e. not mainstream or electronic garbage) on, which is always a huge plus!i don't know how it took me so long to get here. a friend and i did our own bar crawl before meeting up with friends and we stopped in for shots. it was around 11 pm on a friday and we got a table to ourselves. threw back two shots of espolon each for $1 over well price and remarked on the good vibe. i'll go back.Food was ok.  Installations were ok.  Service was ok.  Overall ok, nothing fancy, nothing worth mentioning except that service was quick.This place is uninspiring.  You walk in and you see a nice intimate space where you could have fun posting up for a few hours, except for the food is chain restaurant quality.   If you are gonna have lobster, cheese plates, and other gussied up fare, with above average prices to match, then please come correct.   They do not.   This is chain restaurant quality and it's not like they are breaking any new ground here with the creativity (i.e. lobster mac & cheese).  Way better food, way better spots to drink closeby.  Like Jay-Z said on the Kingdom Come album, on to the next.Nice place for drinks and small bites. The staff seems a little rude. Or maybe we just caught them at a bad night.
They did have some nice food specials on the board, will visit again next time I'm in Philly.The Happy Rooster isn't a destination bar for me and probably will never be. Even so, it's a solid place to grab a drink and chat with friends.
The front room consists of a bar and several booths. It's pretty tight so it's a good place to hunker down versus move around the bar.  There's also a back bar which I've only see through the door between the front bar and back bar.
In my past experiences the bar service also tends to be pretty slow so it's not an ideal place for a quick drink. 
All and all, I've had some good times and will probably return at some point or another for a drink or two.I've sampled their food but not had a full meal. But I look forward to doing so. The ingredients were fresh and tasty.Great place!  Friendly staff and good choices of beer on tap.  Visited from   New York and looking forward to going back!Stopped in for a quick beer. Good selection, good service and  reasonably priced. A little on the dark side on the interior but would go back.This is one of my favorite bars in Philly just because of the quiet ambiance and smaller size. Great place to bring a date or just enjoy whatever game is on TV. $3 lager at happy hour and chili cheese fries. Nice.Low key spot, with extremely quiet music - great for just hanging out and talking with your friends.  No beers on tap, only in bottle.  Sat at the back of the bar (after the dangerous waterless moat) and talked to my friends.  Good time, friendly bartender.  Even got to charge my phone!Had a very disappointing dinner at the (un) Happy rooster last night.  The gyro had a few slices of cold lamb (?) instead of the usual ground, spicy and HOT lamb stuffed into the average gyro.  Even the standard street version is tastier!  Place was close to empty and the service was rude.  How do they stay in business?Great rainy day spot for a quick lunch! Had the Lobster roll Fries and a glass of white wine! Simply the best!!!!Happy Rooster has been around for decades and is a Philadelphia legend.
 "The Rooster" is a dark hideaway with no intention to conform .  Food is an accommodation not a feature and service is grim. The Happy Rooster lives on and preserves its tradition. 
ZOOMTIGER@comcast.netI really, really, really wanted to give Happy Rooster more stars - especially since I know the chef - and his family and he is a really great guy and has re-vamped the menu.
The menu itself is very nice - we especially enjoyed the asparagus app - with a luscious poached egg on top and truffle-infused pecorino cheese (Oh yes, and Bacon.).  It harkened to a traditional French preparation - with a lemony twist.
I also really liked the house-made gnocchi, but the oxtail on top of it was very oily (even moreso - and yes, i know - oxtail is not a "light and healthy choice".)  That said, they offer an app & entree portion and I should have gotten the smaller app portion.  I took about 1/3 of it home.  It was very tasty.  (Just a wee bit oilier than I'd like.)
My friend had the (again house-made) agnolloti - which were good, but not spectacular.  After eating the asparagus salad - the sauce for the agnollotti (which also has butter and lemon in it) seemed a but redundant.  Maybe that was our fault for a bad ordering choice??  In any case, the fresh fava beans were EXCELLENT.  (I'm a fan of teeny-beanies!)  
The 2 (male) bartenders who also served us were prompt and couteous.  Alas, my chef-friend, had already left for the night - but he is doing a great job in turning this place around.
A vast improvement on the menu front.
Dinner for 2 ran us just over $50 - but we did not order drinks or dessert.  (Alas, no room for the home-made zeppole. )  Maybe next time.Despite the fact that my friend, and most-trusted yelper, Melissa P. absolutely wrecked this place in her review, I totally dug it.
That said, I didn't order any food--just went for drinks while waiting for some seats to open up at the Oyster House.
But as a bar, I found the Happy Rooster to be quite refreshing. A divey, no-nonsense joint smack in the middle of a ever-annoying trendy block of Sansom.
Good beer, solid bartender, interesting people, no discernible hipsters. I'll go back.Great atmosphere!  Good food!  The chicken cheese steak was chunks of chicken!!  The bartender Seth was great...the watermelon and cucumber martini rocked!  Kaila was a great server!My significant other and I came here after seeing a show and were very pleased with our decision to try it out. The lobster roll is to die for and their steaks are very good too!! The drinks were right on point and the atmosphere was very laid back and mellow which we really enjoyed.Looks like a dive bar but it's so much more. Go for the amazing Buffalo Shrimp, brunch, basically anything on the menu  and go back again and again for the great service - especially Jamin who will go out of his way to make you feel welcome and make sure you're having a great time!A nice cozy place. The menu is limited somewhat, but there is something for everyone, and it is done very well. The Boeuf Bourguignon Was very good and the duck breast was perfect. I recommend the seared foie gras appetizer as well. 
As for the wine list, it's short but affordable and they are good wines that pair up well with the menu. 
They made me a good Tanqueray martini too.The only reason why I gave one star is because no stars was not an option. First off, this devil woman was serving us drinks and did not even know how to make a proper vodka and cranberry that was overpriced and watered down. I handed her $10 for a $9 and she kept my dollar that I did not intend on giving her. To put it simply, avoid this place if you are under 45.I wandered into this place one night just after I moved back to Philadelphia.  I hadn't lived here since I was 18, so I didn't know many good bars in Center City yet, and I couldn't find the one bar where I wanted to go, since I was taking my former M.A. adviser, who was in town for a conference, out for a beer.  He's not picky about bars, so I saw the Happy Rooster and ducked inside, pretending that it was where I intended to take him all along.
I was pleasantly surprised when we got inside.  Although it was a crowded weekend night, we managed to get a small table.  The leather, brass, and dark wood decor is very appropriate for a little pub, and the beer was good.  The table was in a corner, so it shielded us from some of the din so we could actually hear one another talk.  We also got our drinks quickly, which was surprising because the place was so packed with patrons.  
I haven't eaten here, but I intend to at some point.  I hear it's got a great chef.Went for drinks on a Friday night. The place was packed. Everyone was very drunk except for us. Although we got a seat right away and had a phenomenal bartender. Talked with us for a while despite being swamped and gave us a couple free beers. I will be returning. Great little local spot.Not very good. Our burgers were way undercooked and the fried egg was overcooked so the yolk, which our waitress said was the best part, was nonexistent. It was a shame for me because I don't usually eat meat-so I was really looking forward to a good bacon burger. Service was good, although slightly overwhelmed. Good wine, nicer pour. In short, I wouldn't waste my money again.Local neighborhood bar. Small, dark, perfect for a drink with your date or grab a booth with a 4some.  Random music in the background, friendly bartender...maybe the only place in rittenhouse square that doesnt have a scene and isnt trying to.
While your friends are dragging you to another trendy club in the area, drag them in here for a quick drink on the way and it will be the best drink of the night!I came in for a drink and a bite with the wife the other night. Aside from the pretentious bartender, I had an excellent time!
We came in after work and fortunately there were a couple of spots next to each other at the bar. I had a victory seasonal winter beer which was fine and then ordered the fish tacos. The tacos were crispy and prepared the way that should be, with cabbage and white sauce on a corn tortilla. There was also a spicy salsa somewhere in there which was a bit hot. A little more than I would have liked. I generally enjoy spicy tastes  and thus have a higher than normal threshold for being turned off by something being too spicy. And usually when something is spicy enough to turn me off, there is some warning. No warning. So that was a surprise. And strange. So yeah if you are sensitive to spicy then yeah be careful. 
The wife had a lamb gyro that was pretty tasty. The lamb tasted fresh and there was a fantastic yogurt sauce. I would get that next time myself. So, I'll be back again at some point. If this place were in my neighborhood, I would be here every week. But for this neighborhood, it doesn't stand out THAT much. As I'm new to the city, especially center city, there is A LOT of other options to try. I mean, we'll see. The location is great.My friends and I went to The Happy Rooster for dinner last Thursday night and had a great experience. We were greeted with nothing but kindness and our food was PHENOMENAL! I had the veal chop which was the best I have ever had, my friends had the lobster rolls and fish tacos - all three meals were outstanding. We moved to the bar after dinner to enjoy some cocktails and our bartender Diane was so sweet and attentive. I cannot say enough good things about the service and the food at this place. I will definitely be going back.Honestly love this dive bar. They actually have a great menu of drink AND FOOD options. The only thing I have tried are the brussel sprouts and they're soooooooo good. I really enjoy just hanging out at the front bar and having a drink with a friend. Theres always a good crowd there. They also have a back bar too. Theres always enough seating. If you're looking for a really casual vibe with good drinks and simple food, this is a wonderful spot!From the bartender who alternated between space cadet and June Cleaver to the existentially mudane decor of its namesake cocks, each of the Happy Rooster's two diminutive bars recall a Lynchian waiting-room of euphoric dread.   
Into this atmosphere of nervous consumption, rare-as-unicorn cans of San Pellegrino Aranciata appear alongside more workaday mixers.  Astronaut Housewife suggests we try the shrimp and grits, or the trout.  Calamari and french fries are on short-term, deep discount. 
We pay for the sin of not heeding her suggestions with a greasy case of onion rings.Only had drinks here in the back bar area. We were the only people in the back bar. Very nice bar & nice and cool while outside is about 90 degreesThis review is just about the bar.  I would like to come back and try the Lobster Roll & Fries!
Every time I've gone to Happy Rooster, it's been fine.  Nothing special.  They have relatively cheap beer, it's never been too crowded either.  It's a good spot to go before you go out to grab a drink or a beer with a friend.Happy Rooster is like a friend you don't see too often. You get together, and you're thinking "Man, this is great. Why don't we hang out more??" By the end of the night, though, you remember exactly why you never call this person first.
Cozy and dark, with roosters all over and big, comfy booths that encourage conversation, I like the space here. The bartender and wait staff are friendly and accommodating and just a pleasure to be around. This has the makings of a great bar, except that, unfortunately, there isn't a whole lot to drink.
Clearly the Happy Rooster isn't focusing on beer, but a list with Chimay Red and Boddington's as the best options just doesn't cut it in Philadelphia - it is not a good thing when the jacked up deli on the corner has a more interesting, less expensive beer selection than your bar. I usually opt for a glass of wine here, and that list, too, seems a little limited and a little pricey. 
That goes for the bar menu as well. An order of fries, at $7, could have used another minute or two in the fryer and some salt. We also tried the mozzarella with tomato and roasted pepper, which was a disaster of a snack. The mozzarella puck earned itself two comparisons to shoes (my friend said leather, but I was thinking more along the lines of a rubbery sole, myself), the tomato sauce was sadly lacking in verve, and the two shreds of pepper on top just made the whole thing a little more pitiable. This was difficult to eat and the opposite of delicious, but the kindly bartender told us they had just changed the dish, so hopefully it's only temporary.
Happy Rooster has a lot going for it, but in a city where you can't spit without hitting a top-notch drinking establishment (and believe me, I've tried), it's not quite up to par.I love this bar. I do not live in Philly, but I always make it a point to go when I am in town. The bar is dark and quaint. The noise level is not overwhelming, so you can have a conversation with a friend or date. I went for some late-night drinks with a co-worker, and we sat and talked comfortably for hours. I went back by myself, and it was a very relaxing atmosphere with an engaging 30s crowd. I have not eaten here, but the food looks wonderful.stopped in here the other evening and it's a nice cozy upscale dive bar....small with dark interior,low lighting and lots of foreign menus on the wall from around the globe....quaint....also has another small bar in the back room (watch your step....u will c why !) bartenders were nice and my beer was nice and cold.....my opinion is that the beer was a little pricey and so is the menu....they do have a different selection on the menu compared to other places but i didn't have a chance to order anything...i was there to check it out and have one beer.....would i go back ? definitly the next time i make it into the cityAlways wanted to try this place and now I can say I have and never return. The short of it: overpriced poorly made food and drinks. 
We ordered fried sweetbreads, a Niçoise salad, mini burger and maple hot wings. We also ordered a Tom Collins and other less complicated drinks. Most did not go as planned. 
I didn't know that sweetbreads were the thalamus gland of animals so I couldn't eat it once I did learn that but that was probably the best thing we got.
The salad has five ingredients (if you count lettuce) and two of them were missing. The waitress/bartender was so busy it was difficult to grab her to get what we needed. She also acted like I was crazy for asking for my green beans. And it was TINY. For 15$ I want a dinner sized salad not a side dish. 
The wings were all sweet, no hot and inedible. And the mini burger was an overpriced, overdone (ordered medium got well) slider. 
My Tom Collins was nothing like it was supposed to be. At all. It was a completely different drink. If you don't know how to make my drink, ask. Please. 
We left hungry, thirsty and with empty pockets, never to return.We decided to forgo the insane crowds of Sips-happy folks at Zavino, Nodding Head, Oyster House, Ladder 15...and finally stopped into the Happy Rooster. Definitely an institution in my book - my grandfather spent many a happy hour here when he worked at Liberty Place and I have been a couple of times during some booze-filled evenings. As I understand it, it's changed hands a few times recently. 
The space is tiny but cozy. We had great service as well. I am surprised about the lack of drafts and the beer list wasn't exactly cheap (most were $7-8) or inspired. I stuck with a glass of house white (also not inexpensive at $8). A cocktail with Stoli was $9 (and tiny). 
Complimentary bread was pretty standard. I know that everything is NOT going to be JG Domestic's warm parker house rolls. 
The chilled red pepper and tomato soup was absolutely delicious. Seriously, I wanted to order another bowl to take home. Great flavor and a kick! 
Beer batter fried pickles. Oh my word. These are bread and butter pickles and frying them was seriously inspired. I love the slices, not the spears, and these are tasty. 
This is probably one of the rare times in which I've ordered a burger medium rare and it IS medium rare. It's a big burger - topped with bacon-onion jam and cheddar. I wish the cheddar was a thick slice. It looked like it was sprinkled, which was...odd. Bacon onion jam was pretty baller though. 
I tend to forget this place is here, which is sad. I need to come back more often!Came here with the boyz to chill and relax. We couldn't really find a place to eat and we wanted to try something new. We did some searching on yelp and eventually decided on just coming here. 
They have a bomb menu. Like it looks amazing. The waitress was nice.
The food was aight. I got the lobster roll. Mind you I don't have anything to compare to since that was my first ever lobster roll. We also got the guac and chips. 
The food wasn't bad but wasn't amazing.Enjoyed one of the best chicken cheesesteak sandwiches I've ever had, made with a bit of teriyaki sauce, big chunks of chicken and just the right amount of cheese on a tasty toasted bun. This Rooster is happy.Chef is extremely creative.  The temperature of the meats are spot on!  very accommodating.This place is hands down the best burger joint in Philly. I didn't know what to expect when walking up to this place, but I felt right at home. This isn't your stereotypical sports bar- the TVs are bigger, the beats are thicker, and they've got every domestic on draft. Nice touch!
My first drink was their "Fuzzy Navel Martini". It went down smooth! I wanted to order the Cajun fries, but they were out. No problem- the bartender said he would comp a round to make it up to me. What a gal!
For my second drink I ordered their "World Famous Irish Car Bomb Milkshake". It was delicious AND filling. 
I wish I could have stayed longer, but their "Bears Only Hour" was about to start and I was freshly shaven. Will return would return!I was sitting at Marathon  Grill today with my boyfriend, and reminiscing about the strange experience we had eating across the street at Happy Rooster about 6 months ago. I don't know if it has changed since then, but this is what happened:
We were in Center City looking for a couch on a Saturday evening. Said couch store was close. Of course, my thoughts then progressed to wanting a beer. A nice cold one. Now. So we walked into the Happy Rooster thinking cool looking old school dive-y bar. Probably a solid place to order a beer and a burger. Sat down, asked what they have on draught. NOTHING?! ARE YOU KIDDING ME?! Not acceptable. But, because I have a soft heart and refused to just get up and leave, I ordered a beer in a bottle. Then came the menus. This dive bar in the middle of Center City didn't have anything under 15 bucks on the menu. And no burgers, no sandwiches, just fancy entrees. Not acceptable. So bf and I ordered off the menu because we felt bad, he had some weird egg and caviar dish and I had mussels. Our total bill was like 60 bucks. Not acceptable. 
This place oozes contradiction so be forewarned, DO NOT GO HERE EXPECTING BAR FOOD OR DRAUGHT BEER. Unless it has changed over the past 6 months. 
I give it two stars because the service was friendly and the mussels were OK.Had a great dinner kind of late on a Monday which, sadly, is rare in Philadelphia.  The duck something-or-other in the small plate size was perfect. And there's always a good crowd at the bar.My experience at the happy rooster was extremely brief. My friends and I walked in, sat at a horribly cramped booth near the bar, looked a the draft list, saw that the yards brawler was listed as 7 dollars! And left. All their other beers were way way overpriced as well.
P.s the brawler is a 4 dollar beer. 5 at most!
P.p.s the server and bartender seemed nice, I never just leave a place, but as we did the bartender gave us the " yeah I know, I understand" look" 
I am not cheap. But. Don't want to have to pay for something I don't need toI stumbled upon this place (literally) whilst out for a few beers. The decor inside is old fashioned and somewhat "divey"
Although there were no taps there was an extensive choice of beers. I'm not much of a cocktail drinker but the Orange crush I had here was great.
Although I can't pin point it, there was just something about this place I really liked.
I will be definitely coming here again.I have been a repeat customer at The Happy Rooster. That's a good thing. I like it. It is a comfortable bar/restaurant that is usually easy to get into. If there is a wait for a table, it isn't very long. The tall bartender is friendly but the girls are a mixed bag. It depends on who is working I guess. The beer menu is very limited but ok enough. It is bottles only which is fine by me. I just wish they offered more, like so many good bars and restaurants are doing. The décor is the problem. It's awful. Not the rooster theme or the wall with old menus on it. That's great! The old ceiling tiles and old worn booths really need to go. And aside from the old converted gas lights, the front bar could be redone too. I know that the dive bar feel is a draw but these things really need to be replaced. The food is really good, surprisingly good in fact. I have enjoyed everything I've ever gotten here. I laugh though because the chalk board specials never seem to change. If they are offered all the time, they're not really specials are they? I will likely go back to The Happy Rooster. It's an easy spot to hit when you're in the area.This is a neat little place at a great location but the bar tenders are the worst in the city. Their lack of attention to customers could only be matched by complete ignorance. 
Food looks good and I can't comment on wait staff.Hidden gem ! Went for brunch on a Saturday  and had unbelievably good pancakes and the chicken cheese stake w Caramelized onions was out of this world . 
Place is tiny but very charming , mimosa was great , fresh OJ. 
A bit pricey , but taste def made up for it  , and perfect location to everything . Don't let the terrible exterior or logo outside fool you ... Very cute little frenchie vibe , and amazing food !!!Food was pretty good,especially the buffalo shrimp.However,the waitress had major attitude,perhaps because we asked to simply fix the wobbly table,and didn't want to sit next to a smokers table.For this reason,stay away,there are better places with nicer staff.THIS PLACE IS A RESTAURANT NOT A BAR...... My girlfriend and I had recently read a review of the food at the Happy Rooster and decided to give it a go.  We walked in and were seated right away in a booth by the window... this became a problem as i tried to lean back because there was no back to the booth and I almost fell out of the window.  On a lighter note, we each ordered a drink and some food and relaxed in the quaint, slightly dark atmosphere of the bar.  The music playing in the background was perfect for the mood.  I recently had a discussion about how I had never had grits before and when I saw shrimp and grits on the menu I had to give into my temptation.  SO GLAD I DID, the prawns were cooked perfectly over a bed of cheddar cheese and bacon grits that had me thinking about seconds.  For my first shrimp and grits experience this was a great one.  My gf had the pan seared Atlantic salmon which was a large portion over what seemed to be creamed corn.  I think this was the tastiest part of both dishes.  Needless to say I would go back for the food even though it may have been slightly overpriced for a bar.  I highly recommend both dishes.  Check it out and ask for a booth with two backs.Overall enjoyed our lunch on Saturday afternoon. Since it was pretty warm for November, we took advantage of sitting outside one last time for the season. We had been here for drinks before, but never to eat. I ordered the turkey club which was good, however my fries that came with it were not hot or even warm. My boyfriend enjoyed his open-face filet sandwich, the meat was so tender and delicious. The beer selection is decent with the local options, however it seemed like everything we ordered came in bottles? I'm not sure if this is how it always is that I maybe didn't notice when we were there for drinks previously, but just something to make a note of. Our waitress was hasty and abrupt which knocked one star off of my review. She didn't check back on us after our meals were brought out, and she overflowed one of our beers and never bothered to bring an extra napkin or clean up the mess on our table that she caused. Like I said, overall this was a pretty good spot and I think we'd go back again to sit in the back bar for a meal and just hope we get a different server.My girlfriend and I spent a day trip in Philly and noticed locals flocked to this place around 3:30 on a Sunday so we stopped in for drinks. I grabbed my usual Lager and she tried the jalapeño margarita. The bartender was super welcoming and made us feel right at home. 
He asked my gf how spicy she'd like her jalapeño margarita and she wanted a small kick. When finished, the bartender bestowed a perfectly "seasoned" margarita with just the right punch of heat. She loved it. We inquired about the Orange Crush made with real oranges and after a "mistake" with another customers cocktail we had a chance to try it! Sales tactic or not, my gf ordered one immediately! The fresh oranges really added character to the drink. 
I'm sure we will be back, next to time for food! Margaritas were on the higher side price wise $11-$13  but you get what you pay for!From what I understand, this place is an institution.  At one point in time, this was THE (emphasis on the word THE) place to go to.  And it was said it's because people on the street can't see in through the windows, so you had your privacy when eating/drinking/schmoozing.
That being said, I will admit, for the first time in a public forum, that being a resident of the Philadelphia-area for almost 10 years, I have never had a Philly cheesesteak.  Never been to Pat's, never been to Geno's, never been anywhere else to try this Philadelphia staple food.  I've never had an interest.  Oh, I know all about them, but a cheesesteak doesn't sound too appetizing to me.  That was until I saw the CHICKEN cheesesteak on the menu here at the Happy Rooster.
Okay, okay you can stop booing me now for turning my back on the steak cheesesteak, not everyone is going to like everything, and I know I've never even TRIED one before, but the meat looks gross.  That's just me and my opinion and I'm sticking to it.  This may change at some point in time, but for now, no thanks.
Getting back to my chicken cheesesteak lunch.  The chicken was soft, not overcooked, the cheese was melty, gooey good. But what did it for me were the onions.  This place knows how to caramelize an onion.  They weren't burnt, they weren't too soft, they were perfect.  And there weren't too many of them on the sandwich to overwhelm the other flavors.
The presentation was nice, the fries were crunchy and it made for a good lunch.
It was kitschy and whimsical and a place that I would stop by again and try something else off of their menu.  Maybe if they added a beef cheesesteak...What an interesting spot. You can meet all sorts of people here. We've seen mayor Nutter doing karaoke, or just a bunch of drunks hanging out. Every night is different there.Great local pub! Small, inviting, friendly staff. Thanks to Desirée, Jocelyn, and Seth on the bar -- and Leo the chef and everyone else in the kitchen -- this was our meetup spot / base pub on an extended stay in Philly. Fun cocktails for happy hour and really good food! Get the ribs or the lobster mac. It's a hidden gem for brunch. Go for the Andouille hash, stay for the Bloody Mary, or vice versa. Not noisy, trendy, need-to-be-seen scene -- regular folks, regular food, good times.I was pretty surprised by how much i enjoyed myself here. We had an early dinner there last night and while there was a good crowd, we were able to walk in and grab a nice booth with ease. We both ordered the lobster rolls and they were very delicious. The fries were so freaking food - I was tempted to order a side of them! The lobster rolls were a good portion, too. The service was attentive and pleasant - a great balance. Too often the wait staff is not overbearing and overly attentive but our waitress last night was really a doll. Next time we are in this part of Philly we will definitely stop by!My husband and I had dinner here the other night. We have been here a few times for drinks, but not for food. We were missing out! 
I had a grilled Romaine salad with chickpeas to start and it was pretty awesome. Followed by the roasted chicken. The chicken was seasoned really well, but the mashed potatoes were phenomenal. 
My husband had a burger, and it looked really good. His fries were delicious too, and appeared to be homemade. 
I'm a fan, and I'll definitely be back again to try their disco fries!I hosted a party here last weekend and everything was great! My first location canceled on me and Debbie, the owner, was super helpful planning the party last minute! The back bar was a perfect location for our party and the food was great too! If you're looking for a spot to host a party, I would definitely recommend the Happy Rooster!Met some friends here to start off some day drinking.  Bar was pretty full (pre St. Patty's Day drinking was in full effect) but we were able to snag a few chairs at the bar with a little rearranging.  Service was good. Did not order food this time but I've had their buffalo shrimp and its pretty solid. A nice stop along the way if you're traipsing throughout the city.Love this place. Relaxed atmosphere. Hilarious bartender named Shane who makes the best margaritasExcellent food. We loved the friendly neighborhood atmosphere and were thrilled when the food came and it was excellent.  We had the lobster roll and scallops followed by creme brûlée.    Highly recommend.Happy Rooster seems like a solid bar with a laid back easygoing vibe.  We went to another bar first, but it was crowded, so we ended up here.  I appreciate that Happy Rooster wasn't too loud or too busy.  Vodka shots seemed really expensive though.  Might be better to stick with beer.Recently went here for lunch with my boss and the turkey club was delicious! The Happy Rooster has a great staff and unique appetizer specials and entrees. 
I highly recommend it if you want to check out a Philadelphia staple bar. This is one not to be missed.We had a wonderful, cozy, staff party in the Happy Rooster's back room on a Friday in December 2010. The food was great, the owner was easy to work with, and the staff was flexible and responsive. Pricing was a huge concern for us, and we got "niiiiice" for the price of "nice." =)
As a bonus, Chef Jason helped us focus the menu (passed appetizers only) before the party and really delivered the night of the event.  Very tasty food. Do not pass on the lobster roll, candied bacon, or Gruyere Puff. (To. Die. For.)
Tip: This place has changed owners a couple of times recently, so look at the most recent reviews as a true representation of what's going on there now!Came for an after work drink / bite with the GF and a co-worker.
The baked bree was pretty good but I think the guacamole was cut with excessive sour cream or something.  
We each ordered the Rooster burger at different temperatures.  All three came out well done, dry, and unappealing.  The fries were ok.
The waitress seemed annoyed the whole night; she was short with us and had a very rude interaction with the table next to ours.
Other then the waitress, it's probably a fine place to drink, but I don't think Ill eat here again.