My boyfriend and I tried this deli for the first time today. I had a turkey, avocado & bacon panini and he ha a buffalo chicken wrap. We will definitely be returning. The wait for food wasn't too long, which is always appreciated during lunch hour. There was SO much to choose from. They have salads, soup, macaroni, sandwiches and hot food. I love a deli that has many options to choose from!Everything they say about this deli is true - best lunch in town.  Check out their website and you will get an idea of their extensive menu.  The lines are long at lunchtime, but move quickly.  Customer service is the best in town - all nice people and smiling faces.  Unless you have a gnourmous appetite, get the 1/2 sandwich which is really a regular sandwich with less filling and it is more than enough including a side and pickles.  Only bad thing is my job moved from center city to the suburb and I miss the Coventry Deli - always am sure to stop in when I'm occasionally in town.  This is a don't miss place - you won't be sorry.  As for recommending what to order - everything they serve is great!Have I told you lately how amazing Coventry is?
I just can't get over the staff. It's like coming in to a family's home. Everyone is so over the top friendly, and their breakfasts are amazing. Their Cheesesteak omlette is a heart attack waiting to happen but it is the best Friday morning treat of your life. 
I just can't say enough good things..chili, baked potatoes, matzoh ball soup, and their eggs are among my top favorites, but I can't see going wrong with anything here.Service is great, food is delicious - but overpriced.  The ceasar salad - there is something w/ the dressing it will have you on the potty.  Not kidding, everyone from my firm has had the same experience.  Its delicious - but all the same will give you a cleasing.Everything here is really delicious and you can tell it's homemade and fresh. Some of the items are a bit overpriced but then again it is center city. Great selection for breakfast and lunch. Their sandwiches are huge!! Not very much seating inside but there is the option. Most people get their food and take it back to their office.Been a long time customer, and they deserve a review. Their sandwiches, salads and desserts are great! Friendly and quick service. Always fresh and a reliable go to for lunch!There are a lot of options at Coventry if you've got the urge to feel mega-bloated and uber-satisfied after lunch. During work, I generally avoid mega-bloatation and uber-satisfaction, because they are both feelings that make me want to stop working and enjoy life.
However, I ordered the grilled cheese (provolone) with a tomato slice and rocked some parmesan pepper mashed potatoes on my virgin visit to this calor-ific yuppie feeding frenzy in the heart of Center City and, I must say, the yuppies might just know what's uppie.
The sandwich was not the soggy puddle of buttery cheesiness that I have come to expect from grilled cheese over the years. The bread was crisply toasted, the cheese was melted but not burned or pure liquid.
Somehow, it actually achieved standard grilled cheese satisfaction levels without making me nervous that I'd start feeling pain in my left arm and get light-headed moments after eating it.
The mashed potatoes (which, incidentally, are one of my top three favorite foods in the Milky Way) were awesome and left me sad that it was such a little cup-o-potatoes. 
Bring a few extra bucks for this place (and if you bring a rectangular piece of plastic, be sure to get in the line on the right, so as not to piss off the otherwise friendly Asian women who smilingly stand guard at the registers).
It's a good experience, and I've been told that the one pound baked potato is absolutely to eat for! So I'll probably be heading back for sloppy seconds, right after my next paycheck.Man oh Man.
This is by far my favorite generic center city deli.  First off, they have some really innovative sandwich constructions.  A personal fave of mine is the Brian, which combines turkey (tastes freshly roasted), muenster, sauteed garlicky greens and pears (!?!) on some griddled bread.  I also like the option of getting my chicken or tuna salad made with fat free mayo.  
All sandwiches come with a side.  The asian pasta salad? gross.  But the whole wheat pasta with eggplant and sun dried tomatoes? A little cup of heaven.  
Occasional mistakes due to quick service are understandable, but the source for the lack of a 5th star.
Also, bagel chips while you wait (lines are long but move fast) and prices are somehow always below what's quoted on the board.  I don't really understand their discounting, but I'm not complaining...
They have a pretty big selection and more than just sandwiches.  While not the most interesting lunch, in the wasteland between 16th and 21st on Market, this is a gem.This is a great place for lunch if you want something quick and easy. The salads are great and also the sandwiches! The portions are huge and also the price is decent! You have to try the Eggy, Brian, and Amy. All very fantastic!!Great place for a quick meal. Salads made to order or pick from a menu. There is a hit food and pasta bar as well. Reasonably priced.I love the Coventry Deli.  Like another reviewer mentioned, it should be called a cafeteria just because of the selection they offer.  And everyone really is great, very kind, and helpful.  
My go-to is the sandwich counter.  I had consulted Yelp before I ever walked in and decided there was no way a "half" sandwich would suffice for my lunch despite what was said in several reviews.. and I was wrong.  First, and foremost, the half sandwiches are just smaller portions of full sandwiches, not actually half a sandwich.  For example, if you order a whole egg salad sandwich, you're going to have a 4" tall egg salad sandwich on your hands, whereas a half egg salad sandwhich is a more managable 2-3" tall.  I eat a lot, and the half sandwich is plenty.  The sandwiches also come with a side.  I recommend the spicy potato salad personally, but all their side salads are pretty good, and you can also get a piece of fruit or chips.  
The interesting assortment of brownies and cake slices strategically placed at the cash registers are quite tasty and usually won't dissapoint.  
I found the oatmeal selection in the mornings to be too sweet for my taste, but it seems quite popular.  
Overall, this is a great place for a to-go lunch (and on occasion breakfast) where -you'll have lots of options and friendly folks.This is my go to place for lunch if it's nice out and I have time (it's a bit of a walk fo me).  The people are ridiclously friendly, the prices are reasonable for Center City, the serving sizes are generous to say the least and the food is pretty good.  Try the chicken cutlet sandwichs.  I can only eat half of the half size sanwhich in one sitting.  They could use more seating.Recently started working in center city and when I found this gem I came 3 days in a row! This place is built for the corporate lunch rush. They are as efficient as can be with so many options and people coming in with custom sandwich orders. All the staff are very kind (even when you are standing around overwhelmed with so many options). There's some seating inside and a covered area outside too. I will definitely be back and whether you're the kind of person to stick to your usual sandwich order or try something new every time, this is the place for you! Never underestimate a good deli!I've never eaten inside the establishment, but my company orders catering from here frequently for luncheons and breakfast spreads.  
The food is always fresh and presented beautifully.  The sandwiches, coleslaw, and potato salad are delicious and filling.  
The "mini breakfast" is my go-to catering order for meetings that require breakfast. Everything's in manageable portions and gives a good sampling of mini bagels, danishes, muffins, and sticky buns (which are all tasty).
Cost is reasonable for the quality and quantity of the food and the delivery is speedy and hassle-free.
Would definitely recommend Coventry for your catering needs.It's basically an expensive cafeteria.  There's a pretty good selection of items.  The cookies looked better than they tasted. :/Don't let it's size fool you, this is a downhome place (in the middle of downtown!). Regulars are greeted by name, 1st timers treated like soon-to-be friends. Food is a step or two above good diner food (ie simple, straightforward, exactly what you expect & made just the way you like it) and, best of all, it's diner food priced (affordable). Staff is sweet, light-hearted, helpful and abundant. The music selection is fun (mostly classic rock) and non-intrusive. The flow of the space and process is a little confusing (enter behind the last register, order at the counter, get your drinks & check out - I think) but they'll redirect you if need be. I'm usually here at off times (9am) so i cant speak to what its like at peak hours.I didn't even realise this place exisited despite working ONE! BLOCK! AWAY! 
It's pretty overwhelming at lunch, there are loads of different counters to get your grub churned out cafeteria style.  I never know what I want and I feel like the Soup Nazi (or Sammish Nazi) will cut me off.  The place could use some clear "order here for ____" signs.  That would solve the confusion for me.
I've had a really good ceaser salad and also a fantastic NOMZ NOMZ NOMZ GET IN MY BELLY turkey club wrap.Coventry Deli offers a lot of options -- sandwiches, salads, etc.  I don't recommend the salad - since some of the lettuce is suspect.  However, the sandwiches look good and one of my colleagues loves the egg salad.  I am a fan of the pastries - although they are a little pricey.  
Currently, they have a recession discount where if you work in one of the nearby corporate buildings, they give you a 10% discount off your entree.  Not bad.  Coventry has seating both on the ground floor and basement area.First time to really spend time in Philly Central City. This place is like a food emporium. It took me at least 5min to even decide what I wanted for lunch due to the variety of stuff. It has something for everybody. The workers were friendly and helpful. Then to add ice to the cake. They have a bakery of plenty sweets.I ordered a cake today for a co-workers birthday. My company orders from here all the time so I thought there would be no problems. The delivery guy was 15 minutes late, number one. Number two, he was argumentative and telling me that I have to pay even though I gave the credit card number over the phone. I had to go get my boss because it was his card. I ended up getting him for nothing, because then the rude delivery guy tells me I have to call for them run it through. The person on the phone said that she had all the information already and there should be no problem. The delivery guy is still standing there yelling at me to read her the invoice number, which again she already has. He then yells, "I didn't tell you nothing!" I hand him MY cell phone because I'm tired of arguing. He asks for some guy (I'm assuming his supervisor) who told him the same thing, that I had already paid.  According to him, the girl was new and she doesn't know anything because she's "Chinese." What that had to do with anything is beyond me. I understood her just fine. Is this a cake order or presidential campaign? Then he said, "Enjoy the cake" and scampered off with no apology whatsoever for his lateness and rudeness. As if that wasn't enough, they just called me a few minutes ago to tell me that the credit card didn't go through because they had all of the numbers wrong. I hope my job has a backup birthday cake place, because I will not be using these people EVER again.Coventry Deli is perfect for those days at work when you have zero clue what it is you might want to eat. The deli offers a little bit of everything: sandwiches, salads, pastries, hot meals, etc. 
My favorite meal: grilled cheese and a cup of the chili of the day. yummm. 
They have a lot of specials depending on the day of the week, so this is definitely worth a try. For the price, it really can't be beat.This deli was pretty yummy. I had a whole grilled salmon sandwich on a multi grain kaiser which came with two FULL deli pickles (not the little slivers you normally get with a sandwich) and your choice of side salad, bag of chips or piece of fruit, and I chose fruit. The service was fast and friendly and the food was good. The ONLY reason I gave this place four stars instead of five, was because I felt the salmon could've stood a little salt and pepper, but with the dill mayo it was still flavorful. I'd DEFINITELY go back.This place is amazing for lunch.  There are literally endless options, which can be alittle overwhelming.  Take a step back, evaluate and you're in for a good meal no matter what. 
The sandwichs are delicious and made with really good ingredients.  They are also HUGE.  Trust me, you only need a half.  It tastes great and is a really good value for what you get.  
The staff is also incredibly friendly and even though there are probably thousands of people in there every day, they remember you and what you get.  
I really miss working in this building and eating there every day.Coventry is absolutely the best casual breakfast and lunch spot in Philly.  Everything tastes amazing and fresh here, and the portion sizes are generous.
Among the top items are all their oatmeals in the morning.  Steel cut and made fresh daily.  Lunch, I always get the beef chili, it's like 70% meat, unheard of!  their omelets and cooked dishes are solid and of course their sandwiches are great.
The best part about Coventry is the service staff, they have all been there forever, and they always greet you with a smile and prompt service.Lucky Lucky me - Coventry RIGHT in MY building :)   They have EVERTYHING here -- they have daily oatmeal specials which are quite sinful "RASPBERRY WAFFLE", "STRAWBERRY CHEESE CAKE" - yum - what is NOT to like. They fresh make all the salads & put in ONLY what you want. I always let ANTON wait on me - he gives the salad extra TLC. They build a monster sandwich - order a half  - the wholes are TOO BIG!
I think the employees have a NICE CONTEST every day to see who can be the nicest person that day!Everything about this place is fantastic.  First the workers are super friendly.  Most of them know me by name and always say hi and are pleasant.  Second this place is very reasonably priced.  Third the selection is huge and the quality is great.   My favorites are the oatmeal, salads, buffalo chicken cheesesteak, egg and cheese, and really anything else.   Great spot and affordableThe freshest deli bread anywhere in Center City. Very friendly staff that's willing to accommodate any special requests.Great selection and great service.  I've had countless meals here - the oatmeal, pastries, baked potatoes, sandwiches, pasta, soups, etc. and I've never had a bad experience.  The prices are more on the expensive side, but the portions are large enough that I regularly get two meals out of one order, and it's Center City, so higher prices are expected.Lunch in Center City (17th - 21st on Market). Lots of options, so what do you do? If you want a salad or sandwich, you should check out Coventry. It's an efficient operation with almost anything you could want. 
I've gotten the Wild Thing a bunch of times - a salad with chicken, corn, onions, kidney beans, jalapenos, tomatoes, guacamole, and a chipotle dressing. 
Not a whole lot to say here. Check it out next time you're wondering where to go instead of your building's cafeteria.Great selection of sandwiches and salads at good prices.  It's usually pretty quick as they are pretty well staffed.  My coworkers love getting the salads here.  I have had the chicken parm sandwich and the buffalo chicken cheesesteak, both were very good.This rating is for the bakery. Bought cannolis and when I got home I realized they they were stale, the filling was dried up inside! I've never seen anything like it. For a place that claims they provide "the freshest, high quality foods," this was very dissapointing. I don't think I will be coming back here.I bought a GrouponNow deal for this place and stupidly forgot to pay with it when I checked out!!! Ugh! Anyway, this deli was OK, but nothing fantastic. I got a blackened chicken sandwich (I believe it was freshly cooked chicken sliced fairly thin for sandwich meat) and the flavor was good. She cut it completely unevenly, which normally wouldn't matter, except for the fact that I was sharing with someone else. I didn't really want a side, so I wish they had the option to purchase a sandwich alone. The prices are OK, but I think there are better places out there. But I will definitely be back to try their flavored oatmeal!!I still have not learned my lesson. I stopped in there to buy cookies for my son because they always had suck good cookies. I bought a box of them off the counter. Well, I get home, open them and they are steal! and there were xmas cookies hidden under the other cookies. Yes, xmas cookies hidden in bottom of box. Such sneaks! So sad what this place has become. Seriously? Its the middle of february, past the middle. Very disheartening!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!I work in the building and often go downstairs for a quick breakfast or lunch. The guys that work down their are so friendly! Especially the owner! I love that the employees remember my name and my usual order. They really have a great staff! Keeps our office coming back! 
They have a food station for everything: breakfast, sandwiches, salad bar, desserts, etc. The service is always prompt. 
Out of all the times I've been there I only had one thing I didn't like and that was a cheeseburger with fries. It just didn't do it for me so I don't order it anymore. Breakfast is always on point.*Breakfast specific review*
First, the service is great and friendly there and if you walk in after 9AM it's really quiet. However two complaints: 1. Their 'Coventry Blend' coffee is awful. You're better off going next door to Wawa. 2. Their oatmeal is basically warm rice pudding. It's so sweet and hard to consider it a breakfast option.
IF you're going to come here for breakfast, stick with a Philly staple and get an egg and cheese sandwich and get your coffee next door.5 Stars for the Coffee
5 Stars for the Food
5 Stars for all the OPTIONS
5 Stars because they give 2 pickles. 
I work across the street and my day doesn't start until I get myself some Coventry coffee. It's cheap and it's good. Everyone who works in the city of Philadelphia needs a go to place for a quick lunch/coffee that you know, no doubt, will be good. I wish a had a coffee right now. 
Coventry is exactly as it seems. When you walk in 9/10 times you'll be greeted by a cheerful worker and there are SO many options to choose from. You can literally get anything. A popular thing to get is a loaded baked potato. In the winter? Yum, hits the spot. 
When ordering a sandwich, be prepared for all the questions. What kind of bread, what kind of side, do you want a pickle? KNOW THESE THINGS. Also - the portions are HUGE. Enough for lunch and a mid day snack. What's not to love? (My fave? Try the Amy!)
If you haven't been, it's worth a try. I'll see ya there tomorrow morning.This place has everything. Usually a "go-to" if we need to get something quick for breakfast or lunch since our office is cm across the street.. But also just good in general. Service is pretty fast, prices are decent, and the staff, I have to point out, must be the most nicest staff. My coworkers joke that even the least nicest staff are still nice.
For breakfast, I usually get their egg white omelettes with veggies. It's decent- they're like the only place I know near my office that does egg white omelettes. I've had their oatmeal before too and it is super delicious. I wish I can eat that everyday but it's definitely not the healthy kind of oatmeal. Whatever they add (probably magical crack) makes it oh so gooood. They also serve bagels and breakfast sandwiches too, which I never get but other customers seem to order them frequently. The pancakes/waffles/sausages also look good.
For lunch, I usually get a make your own salad (citrus vinaigrette is bomb! Sesame ginger not so much..) or half a sandwich. The half sandwich portion is just half the meat, not half the bread so you still get two slices (lol).. I didn't know that until I ordered the half. The half meat portion is filling enough for me. Also, many of the meals, including the sandwiches, has complimentary sides. Macaroni salad is my go to option if I don't want to be healthy that day. I'm sure other lunch options (check their website for their menu) are great too.
Again, any option here is decent. I won't say it's the best food but coventry's service and variety of foods makes it a winner. Plus, love their fun facts of the day and punch cards!!The Coventry Deli is fantastic.  They have a little bit of everything going on in there-which can be slightly overwhelming when you first enter.  Their oatmeal is out of this world...never thought I;d have such a styrong opinion about oatmeal, but alas, this place tops them all.  Delicious breakfast sandwiches too, and very friendly owners.One of my favorite spots for lunch breaks in the city!  Serious variety of food choices, from salad bar, to deli, to baked potato bar, to soups, to off-the-grill menu items.  I always get the salmon burger, I'm so addicted to this, its delicious, with a chopped tomato bruchetta on top, only $5.50!  Wow!   Always get the HOMEMADE POTATO SALAD, its seriously the best potato salad you will ever eat.  I've heard their reubens here are bangin, but I don't eat those so can't tell by experience.  They have several different choices of bread, and a separate counter for desserts by the piece!  Grab a mini-cheesecake, fruit tart, or canoli!  
Best part besides the cheap prices and amazing food, is the FRIENDLY STAFF!  Everyone behind the counter making your food are so sweet, I love them all!   Also, they put out free samples of muffins, popcorn, cookies, whatever they have for the day in baskets along the counters so you can nibble while you're waiting for your food to be cooked.  Get a frequent-buyer card stamped, buy 12 lunches get your 13th free!Literally eat here five days a week for lunch. Fast service, and everyone is so nice.  They make really good breakfast as well - the omelets and french toast are really good. For lunch, try their matzoh ball soup.  Their salads are huge.  Seating is tight, but it is a great place to just pick up lunch during the week to take back to your desk.  The staff is so friendly! Great Jewish deli.A great place for a quick lunch with a multitude of choices.  The "small" salad is HUGe - and you get to choose your own ingredients.
The have hot pasta and baked potatoes, a few hot entrees and sides each day, subs, hoagies, soups, chili and great sandwiches and wraps.
And the catering a great and cost effective.  Try the STRAWBERRY SHORTCAKE.  (mmn, mnn!)
Also a great spot for breakfast - they do oatmeal well.Real talk: Coventry Deli is amazing.
It's a total East Coast deli.  For this Midwest girl that means every type of sandwich combination known to man, made to order at the counter, dill pickles, BUTTER COOKIES, fountain pop and a little East coast sass to bring it all home.
Done.
Also, fully expect to wear some of your sandwich on your shirt for the rest of the day.  Those bad boys are messy, but in the best way possible.If you ever just want good quick breakfast , this is your place! Grabbed a French toast platter with scrambled eggs and turkey bacon for $8. Staff are nice and they have a variety of other options for your breakfast/lunch needs.If you are indecisive this place is not for you! They offer way too many options...it might get overwhelming. They have salads, wraps, and sandwiches, grill items like burgers, fries and even waffles! So if you want to be healthy or unhealthy they make it really easy for you. Obviously everything can be customized so that makes it slightly "worse". After 15 minutes of walking around I got the breaded chicken wrap with a side of the waffles fries (I LOVE waffle fries). The wrap was really big and half of it was enough for me for lunch and I saved the other half for a "3pm snack". While you are trying to figure out what to eat they have samples of all their desserts like muffins, pastries etc. I got a couple of the samples and they were super delicious! Highly recommend the muffins.The oatmeal here is amazing, not an adjective I am used to applying to oatmeal.  I am particularly partial to the pumpkin, but the creme brulee is also very good.  Even the plain is good, much better than I make myself (must be the guessed amounts of butter, cream, etc making the traditionally healthy breakfast somewhat less so).  I've also had egg sandwiches that make me happy.  
When I go for lunch I usually skip all the lines and go straight to the baked potato bar.  I get a vegetarian potato and enjoy them very much.  I've only had the sandwiches and salads when my office orders them for work, and I think the tuna salad is quite good, but the menu is so extensive that I haven't even begun to try it all.  Everyone is very friendly, which is a nice bonus in a super busy spot.  Good local spot.Ordered their 1/2 sheetcake (chocolate and vanilla/"yellow") for September birthdays at my office - the cake was a HUGE success.  Sheetcake gets a bad rap, but this cake was moist and delicious.  The cake was reasonably priced and delivered for free to my center city office.  I totally recommend ordering a cake from this place.This place has changed alot over the years and not for the better. Owners are not friendly. Prices have drastically increased and depending on who services you, your salad may be a healthy portion or a few fork fulls. no one ever knows the prices of the cakes, sometimes it takes 15 minutes for someone to finally get a price. also seems like the prices change for different people. It's kind of disheartening considering I have gone to this place for years mainly because it's convenient for lunch at work.Coventry Deli is a great place. They have an expansive menu, friendly employees, and their food is always excellent. They offer sizable portions so you definitely get what you pay for.Amazing place. Man at deli counter very nice. Explains well and offers samples. I ate a half Amy Covwich. Delicious and huge. I couldn't finish it all. Definitely will be back!Hi David
I believe you are the person who's attention it was brought to as the gentleman I work with comes in there every Friday for breakfast sandwiches and advised me he told you about it. Now if he really did, who knows. He said, she said, doesn't matter at this point.  But thank you for your response. I will be stopping in when you have cream of chicken soup or chicken barley again which is why I am raising you to 4 stars. Your soup was very good! Someone brought me some for lunch. Also, 4 stars for taking the time to respond as most places do not do that. Kudos!Dont know what you have til its gone.
I moved out of Philly.
Now I miss: the cream of wheat with a little bit of butter and brown sugar.
The huge muffins.
The deelishhh french toast, turkey sausuage.
The Amy Sandwhich.
The pasta station (I used to mix the white and red sauce, add broccoli, chicken, mushroom and cheddar cheese)
Any other random sandwhich I would try.
The AMAZING staff.
The ease of placing catering orders.
The pretzels with the really tasty honey mustard sauce.
Turkey burgers.
Turkey chili. 
best place to go if you have no clue what you want. salad? carbs? sandwhich on any kind of bread with any type of cheese with all kinds of fresh meat PILED HIGH! great pickles and side servings of different salads come with your order. 
Prices for quality, efficiency, and taste are GREAT.First off - the service is amazing. I always feel welcome, not in that here buy stuff way, but in that, I remember you and I actually give a care about you coming in here kind of way that is pretty rare now. 
Then there is oatmeal in the morning - and yes, that is like crack. Get the smaller size as a novice - it is filling. You will want to clean the bowl, in fact you may find yourself waiting for people to clear from around your desk so you can scrape that thing clean. 
Then there is lunch. I have had some of the specialty sandwiches and they are good. Makes it easy to decide and end up with a hearty lunch. The bread selection is good. The line for salads is always hopping - so show up later or earlier than the normal lunch. 
The real trick to lunch at this place is the hot food items. Like today, I feel kind of crappy and just wanted mom food - got the Turkey Croquettes and some Stewed Tomatoes and yes, it is good just like your mom makes with flavor and not too much salt. I felt immediately better after a few spoonfulls. So thank you, I needed that.
Oh yeah - and the chili - changes every day, hearty, filling - again as a rookie, start with the smaller size, shocking how filling that is. 
They also have a baked potato bar - haven't tried that and they have soup and wing of the day. Go to the website to check out the specialties for each day of the month for morning or lunch.I LOVE THIS PLACE!!!!!!!! all i can say is baked potatoe bar!!!! Food is great and service is awesome! It's busy and crazy at lunch time but thats all apart of the atmospher!! If you work in center city you must at least try it!I come here everyday and today I realized that they endorse sexist behavior.  My coworker and I were standing in line while she was waiting for me to order when someone cut in front of us. All of a sudden the man behind us told us to "Move the fuck out of the way" I was a little surprised but responded "Excuse me? You could always say excuse me" the man then started to yell in my face commanding that I "don't talk back to him" and "Stay in a lady's place"  I let him know that my sex had nothing to do with his manners and moved out of the way to wait for my coworkers order. The man came and stood right next to us and continued to belittle us in front of the entire deli. I didn't intend to keep entertaining his ridiculous behavior but he couldn't seem to get over the fact that an "Excuse me" would have sufficed.  The owner, instead of asking what was happening started yelling "Spread love" and seemed to side with the man who had instigated this entire ordeal.  After I had the opportunity to explain what had happened the owner offered to buy me a meal which I respectfully declined.
Be kind to each other people don't act like misogynistic asshole simply because your mother never taught you to say "EXCUSE ME" 
Needless to say- I will not be returning to this deli.Loved going here for lunch. Very large sandwiches which include a side for a cheap price! They are very fast so do not be scared by the long lines.Simply awesome place!  I just discovered it when where I work now (since January 2015)  had some food catered from there for lunch last Friday (the 13th no less).  They had these sandwiches of tuna salad, chicken salad & turkey/cheese; I tried the 1st 2 and they were delish!  Also delish were their pickles, chips and pasta salad provided.  After some questioning of coworkers I downloaded their menus & printed them out for future reference (work just 2 blocks away!).  Today I determined in honor of St. Paddy's Day to have a 1/2 Reuben (there is a typo on the menu) - love my Reubens & had not had one in awhile.  Today's special was corned beef with cabbage but I passed on that since don't like the smell of cabbage & for my co-workers' sakes - plus I had my mouth set on a Reuben.  I called there @ 12:16 and spoke to Debbie - she couldn't have been nicer - advised me it was a 10 minute wait (I wasn't sure about when to call - I go to lunch @ 1PM but felt it safer to call early since I understand it's a popular place and thought they might be innundated with calls; when she learned this she offered to pop it in the grill @ 12:45 to avoid it being soggy).  It was right and ready when I came to pick it up - checker was nice as well.  It was a bit on the cool side the 1/2 Reuben but I partially attribute it to the wind today (I coulda popped it in our microwave but that's OK).  It was tasty, not greasy or burned; the quanity of the 1/2 Reuben was just right - was impressed that it came with plenty of napkins, a knife & fork (didn't need but will save for later), 2 delicious pickles and a bag of chips - all for $7.29 after tax.
Only downsides is that they close @ 3pm so can't stop by after work to pick up something for a quick light dinner, no weekend hours and a tad high priced (but have seen higher).  All in all, when my budget permits this will be my go-to place on work days.The woman who answers the phone is so rude. Just had food delivered in center city and they forgot the dressing. When I called to tell them she abruptly responds it will be on its way and slams down phone. I'm not the one who forgot the dressing, you are so why are you getting mad at me. Double check the orders before releasing them for delivery. It's not brain surgery putting food in a bag.  Rude, rude people. I believe she is the owner but not positive. Also, the cucumber they used  in my salad is mushy, taste funny and obviously old.  Quality and service has definitely gone downhill over the years. Very disappointed in Coventry deli.I was very skeptical at first about Coventry Deli. How can a deli next to an office building be decent? Quoting multiple texts to my husband on multiple occasions, this place is legit.
The item that finally inspired me to write this review was their chicken noodle soup. Not only did the broth have a good flavor, there were large pieces of white meat chicken swimming in it.
As far as paninis, I was impressed that they make them from "scratch" before your eyes. I received an option of sourdough or rye and they built out the sandwich before pressing it. I must be jaded my the abundance of pre-made paninis. 
I've also taken a liking to the Italian salad, minus the olives. It's made of fresh mozzarella, roasted red peppers and plum tomatoes. Some lunch salads are so wimpy, but this is far from the case. 
I was literally blown away by the baked goods. I thought someone was lying when they said the sweet potato cheesecake was from Coventry Deli. I could've sworn it was from a fancy NYC bakery. 
It's even better that I've barely started chipping away at the many varieties of lunch and breakfast offerings.
I'll no longer snub my nose at the little deli next to an office, but embrace it as a diamond in the rough.Dear Curious Center City Eaters:
I've been coming here since 2002 and as a certified fatty, I can honestly tell you that the service and the food is overwhelmingly good.  Coventry is like a cafeteria on steroids.  
If you come in the mornings, they have a delicious oatmeal flavor of the day, along with fantastic omelets.   Lunch and dessert are where these guys really shine.  
Got a craving for Thanksgiving food?  They have a sandwich called the mealwich for that.  Cranberry, stuffing, turkey and a side of potato or macaroni salad.   Mmmm
Feel like Italian?  Well they have a kickass pasta station.  
Do you miss kindergarten food?   Mac and cheese with stewed tomatoes on Friday (my default Lent meal).
Boy, I could eat me some rabbit food.  Well gee whiz!!  Step over to the salad station and ask for your choice of lettuce, mixed greens, or spinach, and add many other veggies to the mix!
Dessert....hmm I don't know what I'm in the mood for. Cannolis? Cupcakes? Cookies? Water Ice?   I think I'll take them all to go.  
Fingers are tired from typing.  Gotta run.
Love always,
ChristianLove Coventry and their staff. Every one is so nice and my daughter loves their meatloaf lunch special. She used to love their barley soups when she was just starting on foods. Veggie scrambler is great too and their oatmeal, soups, and cream cheeses are made from scratchI discovered this place last week after working in the city for nearly three years. I wish I found it sooner! The people who work there are very approachable and friendly. There is something for everybody. Salads, sandwiches, fish, breakfast, lunch, soup, vegan. They even have signs saying that they are absorbing the soda tax as long as they can because "we're all in this together". I ordered an oriental salad, which came with complimentary bread, and was given extra dressing also. I will be back !I love this place.  It has the best oatmeal and sandwiches. I LOVE THE PHILLY CHEESESTEAKS THAT THEY MAKE!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!:-)Coventry gets 10 stars. This deli is all about  quality and service. The food speaks for itself. And the oatmeal....forgetaboutit. The best!. Frank and Marsha Blue Bell, Pa.Wow.
I had *no* idea this gem of a place even existed until last week.  i work in the building, so you can understand that it was more than just an oversight.  I can't believe I missed out for that long.
It's not just your average office building deli stop.  It's the Mall of America of office building delis!  Just when you thought you've seen everything, you turn around and there's gourmet cookies and chocolate covered pretzels.  There's a pasta station.  There's a million different choices for breakfast.  Apparently, there's daily oatmeal and schools bring busloads of kids there to try them out.  And then there's standard deli fare, of course.   
Worth the trip - you absolutely need to try it!I went back to the coventry deli because they had turkey chili and wow, was it good! Excellent! They put cheddar cheese in the middle of the cup it is served in so it melts. It was wonderful, a must try. The girl at the chili counter was also very nice. I will be back for the turkey chili again.This place is right across from commerce square and a pretty huge deli! I usually only come here for breakfast but ive heard lunch options are extensive as well! There are plenty of breakfast sandwich options but for the vegetarian there are waffles, pancakes, bagels and a variety of soft muffins - zuchini nut is by far my favorite. Lots of cool coffee choices as well like jamican me crazyThe Coventry is my favorite place to get breakfast in the morning because of its convenience, and all of the workers are very friendly and try to remember your order if you are a usual. I highly recommend getting their breakfast sandwiches, you can get them on a bagel or any kind of bread. I like the sausage and egg on a toasted sour dough roll! The sour dough roll is nice and airy and absorbs the flavor of the egg and the sausage very well. Its an affordable price too around $42 words are all you need to know:
Strawberry. Shortcake.
End of story.
Has been serving up law firm cakes for years.  Decades even.
Yes, please!Nice and clean with plenty of options, but the prices seem to change with some items...depending on who's making the sandwich that day. Very unpredictable.This place was great. It's got so many choices. You can get a platter with entrees and sides, sandwiches, beautiful deserts, salads. 
It's pricing is comparable to other places in the area but the quality of food is really good here. There are healthier options. 
You go up to a counter to have your meal made and then you get in a line to pay once you are handed your meal. 
There is seating but when it's the lunch rush it can be limited. 
I got a turkey sandwich on an onion roll. The onion roll made the sandwich. Very fresh. 
Only complaint is that for the side I got that came with the meal, I chose applesauce and it was a small amount and waaay too sugary.My go-to for lunch. Salads abundant and fresh and a good variety. Today I got the Matzoh Ball Soup and it was outrageously delicious (and this is coming from a NY Jewess). Must try one of their sandwiches next - so many choices of lunch items to get. Always good portions and very reasonable prices. Doesn't look like much from the outside but consistently performs.