Good food, priced fair, service wasn't so great. My silverware was dirty. My breakfast was half cold, although I would probably not come back the food was okay nothing to brag about.We stumbled on this place for Sunday brunch. Staff are of the young, beautiful, and painfully hip variety and made this 27-year-old feel way too ancient and out of it. We were served a complimentary palate cleanser of strawberry agua fresca to start, then I followed up with coffee and a turkey sausage, spinach, and cheddar egg white omelette. The omelette was a good size but not gargantuan like some calorie-bomb omelettes I've known. It was a little sparse on fillings; I would especially have appreciated more spinach as there really wasn't enough to taste. It came with decent homefries and tasty multigrain toast; if I'd been thinking I would have subbed the fries for fruit as I heard another table do. Service was sharp, and when I went to the restroom I realized why there wasn't a ridic wait a la brunch in Houston/Austin: the place is a total rabbit warren, with two additional seating areas.
Decor was faux-vintage diner; I was a fan of the martini-garnish hanging lights (olives on toothpicks). A fun place for a random brunch, but I'm not sure I'd seek it out if I was back in the city.Never would Continental see me walk into one of their restaurants and spend my money there after my experience this past Saturday.
Myself and two friends arrived around 4pm Saturday afternoon.  It was obvious that it was not busy at all as we were promptly seated and it seemed like everyone in there were either eating, had drinks or were wrapping up to go.  As soon as we were seated one of my friends went to the bathroom while the remaining two of us were mulling over the menu.  
The staff was busy buzzing around but no one came over to us. My friend returned from the bathroom about ten minutes later and we still had yet to be approached, not even to be offered a glass of water. So we waited some more and started to get annoyed. The couple in the boot next to us had just left and their table was being cleared and cleaned so one of my friends turned around and asked for our waitress/waiter. He said no problem as he walked away for what we assumed to get our waitress. 
Another five minutes passed and no one came so we just decided to get up an leave because approximately 20 minutes passed and we got no service. As we were walking out very annoyed and disappointed, a couple was being seated next to the boot that we just left. As we walked by the window outside of the restaurant of course there was a waiter already at their table taking their order.
Just one thing I have to point out is that we were the only group of black people in the restaurant at the time so it is hard not to feel that this experience had nothing to do with the color of our skin.The Continental is cute and fun and great for going with a bunch of friends and ordering everything. The majority of the cocktails are overpriced but are so cute with their Tang rims or their gummi fruit garnishes, but there are some classics on the menu that pack a real punch  - personally I like the Rock and Rye. Some of my favorite foods here are the edamame, the bbq chicken quesadilla, and the salads, but I honestly have fantasies about the cheesesteak eggroll. It is so perfect. I usually have a good experience when I go here, minus some quirky service.Wow!  One word comes to mind when I think of this restaurant..."totally incompetent".  I really enjoyed the food and the decor is stellar, but c'mon people, how many times can you Eff up the order?  Every person I've talked to that has gone here for dinner or lunch has complained about the idiot teens that swear "this is what you ordered"  and "I dunno I just finished training".  I recommend skip the dining scene and just go to the 3rd floor outdoor bar which is preally fun.  Expensive drinks but they're original and one of the only redeeming qualities of this place.This place should actually be 4.3
I LOVE THIS PLACE!  it is in a very good location.  beautiful city scenery and lots of neat space (you'll know what I'm talking about when you get seated in the back of this restaurant.  Food is great!  I get everything and anything here.  I highly recommend their philly cheesesteak rolls/burritos?  They are amazing!  
And service?  Excellent.  Servers are wonderful and place is happening!This place made some tasty drinks and their string fries were really good.  It kind of has this retro-cosmo-lounge thing going on that almost works but seems like something is missing.  The crowd is OK, but nothing special.  It is kind of a busy area, so I don't feel like there is a large group of regulars or anything.  Service was decent.
*Pretty good drinks
*Cheeky Cosmo LoungeEverything here looks good, but when it comes to food we all know that looks come second. What's good about this joint is the retro diner setting paired with the trendy new age vibe in the second room. On a scale of 1-10, the Continental gets a 9 in aesthetics.
The service was pretty good when I went with my group of 8. We sat in the trendy second room. It was not busy, so in all fairness I don't know exactly how well the Continental does in terms of service.
The food was pretty good. I would not label the food as great, but it definitely was not bad. I only award the Continental 3 stars because, while a pretty good restaurant that entertains the eye and satisfies the stomach, it falls in comparison to restaurants that earn 4 or 5 stars.Loved this place! It's adorable, inside and out. Started out with a Gimlet, it was divine. Had the Korean Pork Tacos and they were superb. 
Our table shared the shoestring fries which I thought were way too skinny to eat. It was a gigantic portion, enough for 4+ people. Liked that they came with hot mustard.Continental is a nice place to bring your friends and enjoy the atmosphere. The swing chairs were fun. When it comes to food, I only stick to the calamari salad. There were times I wished they were more generous with the dressing though.This place is tapas meets Cheesecake Factory meets funk. Cool vibe and great small plates. It's probably not for everyone but everyone should probably try once.
What did I order: There were 5 of us. We decided to each order 2 things. That was probably a bit much. For 5, 7-8 plates would work.
The good: the vibe; the ambiance with rocking seats and hanging basket like seats. There is an upper level and lower level. It's pretty large sized. The creative concoctions for food bites. French onion soup balls, BBQ chicken quesadillas to name a couple. Then there were standards like roasted Brussels  sprouts, lobster mac and cheese, zucchini pancakes. All very good.
The bad: I'm sure the caloric count is insane for these sinfully delicious treats!
Overall: I would recommend and would go back. Just might not make it too regular to keep my cholesterol in check :)I'm a big fan of the Continental Midtown for late night debauchery and eats so I decided to take the posse to the Olde City location for some brunch after being snuffed at the Plough and Stars a few doors down (reservations shmerervations!).
We were seated at a spacious booth. Guava mojitos were yum and so was the Morning Glory (which is no longer on the menu---boooo!). Service was prompt and courteous. Food came out quickly. My Big Bang breakfast was a caloric fest of goodness. Pancakes were fluffy. Eggs were scrambled right and not runny. Turkey sausage was fantastic-al. I tasted the salmon hash and it was scrumptious. I can't comment on the applewood bacon as I don't eat the swine but it was lifted off my plate with the quickness and devoured so I am sure it was tasty. Everyone liked their dishes--ranging from the brioche french toast and caramel bananas (heavy but yummy!) to simple lox on a bagel. 
I would definitely come back for a laid-back brunch. It wasn't anything to write home to Ma and Pa about but it was a solid meal that made my belly happy and full which is no easy feat.Yet again impressed with the city of bro love   great great service and tasty fun food. All around good experience. I would recommend trying the original.OMG, simply amazing.  I loved every morsel I put in my mouth: shoestring fries (the hot Chinese mustard is what made it), calamari/beer buttered shrimp, crab pad thai, champaign, and the dessert.
DONEandDONE.  I'm coming back.  I loved the whole "is this a diner or is this a lounge" look.  The waitstaff was so nice too.
Seriously, nothing to complain about except that I wished I could eat more.
Cheers!I've only been to the mid town location. As a bar I think it's overrated though they do have some unique and interesting cocktails. The food is great with interesting takes on home cooking like lobster mac & cheese. They do a great job of melding flavors and giving delicious but eccentric food choices. The decor is funky but it works. The desserts don't do it for me but I give them credit for originality.Oh dear. The staff had to kick us out when the place closed at 1:30am. (But then again, who closes at 1:30am on a Friday night?) 
Great for drinks with colleagues. The ambiance is really what wins in this place. The upstairs is a place to chill - great bar, and very cool decor: frog-shaped chairs and low tables, as well as the hanging swing chairs that freed up a little later. 
The drinks were alright. They failed my first test: having the ingredients for a mojito. However my colleagues were happy with the cocktails and the maker's mark on the rocks. I tried a pear cocktail and a champagne cocktail (both a little clumsily put together) and eventually settled rather happily for a beer. Decent selection overall, but I wouldn't go back with friends.My first thoughts - this place looks like a cheesy diner. Exactelyyyyy says the guy who works there. Apparently it used to be.
I have not eaten here, went for drinks on a Friday night with friends around 10.
I don't think this place is bad, it's just not anything worth going out of your way for when there are plenty of other places nearby (and in fact right across the street)Great spot been there about four times and the ambience of the restaurant is great servers are always excellent food is very good drinks are awesome and it's a great location to be right in the middle of everywhere before you go out whether it's dancing , or just enjoying a night out with the girls !! I always enjoy stopping by the the continental . Weather it's just for appetizers and drinks or dinner usually I've never had a bad experience , always has a great crowdNew Years... our friends party gets canceled due a sick family member.  We already have a sitter lined up. Where shall we go??? Philly of course.  90  minute drive
Pack our bags and a we are in Philly by 5:15...but I soon realize that I left my party clothes hanging on the door knob at home. I have on black leggings and black yoga hoodie. 
Well luckily my babe is good adjusting plans. We hit the movies theater and then were off to find something to eat. He was tryng to remember the name of the Continental . Well I was gogling the Penn's Landing area to places to eat. And found this place, I called to see how long the wait was and it was a miracle 9:30 on New Years eve it was only a 20 minutes wait. 
Luck on our side we found parking 2 blocks away. 
Go in was seated and happily seated. I'll admit.. it tight the are booths along the window... single seats at the bar and table in the middle of it all. very tight with coats, purses, hip and booties. But I guess you make it work. 
We were greeted by out waitress very quickly.. she was very friendly and informative on the meals and drinks. It a tapas place... so she was encouraging sharing plates. 
Seriously the best fries ever.. they were super crispy skinny fries piles sky high... with some sort of sauce. yuuuuuummmmmyyyy! 
Had few mojitos... nothing to write home about, but it was a good Mojito... not over sweet or too much seltzer water. 
Bottom Line.. any time Im in Philly, I will be back . 
PS... there looked like there was something going on in th back. I'd like see what's back there.Disguised in the shroud of a 1950s diner exterior, The Continental is many leaps and bounds above whatever greasy spoon might have lived in this location years ago. 
Great food and carefully crafted but (mostly) unpretentious cocktails and martinis put The Continental high on my list of Phillie restaurants to revisit. I had the grilled octopus and the lettuce chicken wraps. Both outstanding! With a larger appetite I would have added a lm order of French Onion Soup Dumplings. Alas I had no room left. I'm fairly certain that anything coming out of that kitchen would delight the modern taste buds without disappointment. Highly recommended if you're in the area.This place was on my list of restaurants with vegetarian dishes in Philly.  We were only in Philly for a weekend and this place was right by our hotel.  We ate here after drinking at Sugar Mom's and dominating the juke box till pretty late.  I had the miso soup, it was delicious with crunchy carrots in a huge bowl.  One of the best misos i've had.  The man had the cheese steak egg roll and loved it.  The cocktails were great and a lot of the ones on the menu sounded pretty yummy. Hope to go back this spring!It was Mother's Day and we were looking for a place to have brunch.  Most of the places nearby were closed (not open til 10:30 or so), and we stopped here.  
We sat at the bar because most of the tables were reserved.  The bartender was awesome, he was attentive but not pushy and we were really happy with the service.  The food was good- I had the Turkey sausage, arugula, mushroom and provolone omelette (added jalepenos).  My husband had the Eggs Benedict, which was definitely better than mine (so much better that I had to steal a few bites).  
The desserts were awesome, too.  We had the peanut butter tart and also the Blondie.  So. Delicious.  
Mimosa was strong and I'm glad we decided to try this place!You can't go wrong here. I had dinner here most recently with a group of six. Everyone raved about how much they enjoyed their meals.#1 favorite place. Great food, tasty drinks, unique location, fantastic service, friendly atmosphere. Inside or outside, that is the only question.Great fruity cocktails. Nicely concocted!  We had the sweet martini drinks: Twizzle and Hawaii 5-0. The Twizzle tasted like the cherry twizzler candy and is actually acccompanied by the candy.  The Hawaii 5-0 drink is very nice and refreshing! We had the Kofta Indian spiced beef kabobs which were nicely seasoned, Grilled octopus (not too chewy), Continental salad with grilled chicken (large salad, not overpowered with salad dressing) and the Korean pork tacos (which had a nice kick to them).  We finished off with their homemade smore :)
Ambience is very lively, trendy with a nice modern string of lights chandelier.  It is noisy inside...but the food worth the wait!  
Expect a long wait without a reservation as this place is highly recommended and popular.Calamari was good. Rubbery dumplings and the service left a funny taste in my mouth. Maybe if you come drunk (as is the theme among patrons here) it would be niceThe look is exceptionally cool in a retro-hip way.  My mojito was okay.  I ordered a tuna melt, which isn't the most exciting menu item.  but it was what I wanted, and it tasted good.  But I can't say that there was anything about the place that makes me want to go back and try something else.  It wasn't bad but was kinda mediocre.Always good food, eclectic atmosphere, and fabulous drinks made by some of the best bartenders in town. 
Christine Castro is a walking, talking encyclopedia of mixology. She's fun, friendly, and I love that she'll tell you things about your drink that you'd never know. She great!Probably one of the worst meals I've had in Philly in years. and we go out a lot. 
They were out of several house wines. The crab cakes were inedible. The Mexican  pizza was horrible - and they used capers on it. Huh? Of all the six small dishes maybe the edamame was the best and that's not saying much
Service was fine...if that counts.Went here for lunch. The breakfast quesadillas were amazing, the French Toast with fresh berries out of this world, excellent coffee and a delicious fresh pineapple mimosa. Staff was wonderful, atmosphere very cool and food excellent. Definitely a must try!My sister and I went here when she came up to visit from Maryland....we checked into a hotel downtown, although I live in Philly...it was really nice to feel like an out of towner....
The food in this place was incredible!!!  We ordered some kind of salad my sister had eaten at a restaurant in DC and this was wonderful!  Sort of like Tabouli....
And then we got these little French Onion Soup thingys in little pods no bigger than a tablespoon and you got like 5 or 6 of them....the portions were so small because it was so very good!!  Had we not enjoyed it so much, it would have been a mixing bowl size....go figure!!!!
Portion control is always something we should concern ourselves with....but let me do that!  :-)
I gotta make my way back there!!People were really friendly here!
I went alone and ordered for a Rad Thai Chicken.
Oh man, this dish was great! And it was so big I had to take it to my hotel.
I felt at home there, specially when I had a Diseno Mendoza Argentina 2011 Wine, which is the place I am from.Loved the atmosphere and the hummus. It was nice going to a unique restaurant while we were out of town. The menu offered a good variety in my opinion...
My friend got a chicken noodle dish with salad... not sure exactly what it was called. It was delish but the portions were huge! We ended up taking more than half of it back to the hotel to enjoy it later. 
I also tried the Champagne-O-Rama, SO good. I would have ordered more but I believe they were a bit pricey.The original location in Old City has more character than the midtown location. Great cocktails and perfect for late night food. I had garlic mashed potatoes here for the first time. This was the first (or second) Stephen Starr restaurant.. before the empire..Stopped in for breakfast Saturday morning.  Awesome decor, loved the martini olive lights! Had the omelet of the day, salmon and cream cheese.  I admit I was leary of cream cheese in an omelet but what the hell.  Glad I did, it was delicious.Got a nice omelette with turkey sausage, cheese and spinach. It comes with home fries, and toast. The interior decor is quite interesting; it has the traditional feel of a diner but adds modern to the design.
The big bang combo has 3 pancakes, 2 sausage links, home fries and bacons. The portion is smaller than I thought but obviously big enough to make you fat.
It is definitely a trendy diner with ok food. I think their drinks and shoestring fries are probably more noticeable than anything else.Good quality food and fairly reasonable prices for Old City. I had steak and eggs with the best home fries I've ever had. I would recommend this location for well varied fare and funky retro ambiance.Drinks are very decently priced, and with an ecclectic asian influenced menu one can really expect to enjoy themselves.  The service was outstanding, and every waitress is smoking hot.  It was an extremely pleasent experience all around.Upon arrival I was greeted kindly and I actually had no knowledge of the menu, the employees showed us some recommendations. We tried the cheesesteak egg roll, it was delicious. We also got the veal and ricotta meatballs, the lettuce wrapped BBQ, fries, fried calamari salad, as well as the udon soups. All of these dishes were delightful. Not a single blunder in the food or service. It was absolutely excellent. Even with a high volume of customers in the place, they served us fast and efficiently. The food was absolutely amazing once again. I am from New York, so I am typically stubborn when it comes to food; this place is an awesome local or tourist joint. Either way the food and service will be very good. Having sampled basically the entire menu I could say I would travel to Philadelphia to get this food again, because it was actually that great of quality. I went with a group of four, the place is cozy but not too tight, dark but not too light. Definitely the best dining experience I've had in a very long time. The meal was replenishing after a long concert in town!Always consistent, love the crispy calamari salad and cheesesteak eggrolls!This is such an attractive, cute place to eat - it has  retro diner environment. I agree that the food is pricy for the portion size. Chicken kebabs, turkey club sandwich - so small! But it was an enjoyable atmosphere for a healthier lunch in the Penn's landing area.Vibe: funky and cool, a hip spot
Cocktails: okay, but a bit off
Food: shoe string fries resemble a birds nest, salad was good, but nothing special
Service: Polite, but not nearly attentive enough.
Had a better meal/time at the midtown location was so far superior
Go or don't go: Hit up the midtown spot for brunchThis is the original Continental and it is my personal favorite. I enjoy the Chicken Skewers, Philly Cheesesteak Roll and Calamari Salad. I also had the Jumbo Lump Crab Pad Thai which was good.The food was OK.  The fry pile was tricky to eat.   The drinks are the definite draw.   Good people watching place.Hit-or-miss, basically. I've had solid food (the calamari salad with the best calamari I've ever had; perfectly cooked so that the squid wasn't like a rubber band in my mouth), and not-so-good food (cold seared tuna with a disastrous risotto, miniscule portions of each). The shoestring fries are always nice, a Continental signature. I've gotten attitude from my waiter/waitress on every visit. Must be that underpaid-Steven-Starr-employee syndrome.Between this location and Midtown, I HIGHLY recommend this. I love their fried octopus dish and I love their Squirt cocktail. The seating area near the entrance gets packed and really tight but if you get seated in the back area, there is more breathing room.I love this place! Every single thing I have ever eaten here is amazing. I tried the Asian Shrimp Po'Boy and it blew my mind! It was spicy and super flavorful. The Thai Chicken Lettuce Wraps and Fries are also always a good option. The Asian tacos are not the best but they are still pretty good. The service was also great.We came before happy hour but we ordered our 2nd round of drinks at 7.02 and our hipster Batman was a stickler for rules.  Food was good as per normal, portions size large.  Ginger cocktails were a ginger fiestaIf you want the Steven Starr experience without needing reservations, this is the spot.  Although he tends to overdo the mood lighting in back--I could barely read the menu--the atmosphere is slick and the booths are comfy.  Their martinis are some of the best I've had...got better as I moved onto my second & third.  Everything is served family style and the waitstaff tends to bombard you with everything at once, but maybe that caters to your glutenous side.  The seared ahi plate is excellent, but difficult to share.  Continental salad is great for a big group of people, as is the crab pad thai.  The only disappointments in three trips have been the chicken satay (bland), and the desserts.  Drink enough and none of that will matter.Ive been here 3 Times now.
I ALWAYS get the French onion soup Dumplings. They are AMAZING. They are only on the dinner menu but I have requested them at lunch before and they were happy to oblige.
I have come once for brunch, once for lunch, and once for dinner.
Brunch: Yummy yummy french toast, my BF got it. I got the philly cheesesteak but done with a Portobello instead. I opted for the salad when asked for french fries, salad, or fruit.
It was a small version of their Continental salad and it was really really good. Chopped lettuce, tomato, cukes, onions, feta and a yummy house dressing.
Lunch: I got the french onion soup dumpling. AMAZING!!!! and a small continental salad (Cause I liked it so much from brunch)
my guy got the gazpacho, perfect for these hot days we have been having in philly.
Dinner: Came here for drinks and snacks late one night. I got the Lime Ricky, boozy and not sweet, my friend got the watermelon beer he liked it a lot and and ended up getting a second,
My BF got dessert, the cheesecake which was amazing, I got the dumplings again, and my friend did the tofu tempura. I dont eat soy so I didnt try it, he didnt seem too thrilled.
This place is great! Ill keep coming back, :)Great place for lunch. Those shoestring fries are a must. Also had the calamari salad which was excellent. Seems like there's an asian fusion thing going on with American classics here. Am a big fan.We've ate a number of times.  Breakfast and lunch have been very enjoyable!!!   Delicious food!!   Next time in Philly I will be coming here to eat!!!Everything about the Continental Old City is good but not great. The food, the atmosphere, it's all good. You'll have a nice meal and leave satisfied, but it's definitely not the top place in the neighborhood. The one good thing about them is that they're open late on the weekends for the after-bar crowd. One bad thing is that they can be a bit careless when they are crowded. They lost my friend's credit card at dinner (they weren't sure if they gave it to another customer or just misplaced it). She had to cancel her card and go through all of the security measures on a Saturday night, which was totally inconvenient, but they did comp our entire meal for 8 people.The center city location is preferrable.  3 floors - the top being a roofdeck.  The drinks are fun and the atmosphere is great.  I love their mango martinis.  And surprisingly, they're brunch is quite good as well!  I wouldn't go for dinner though - its average for that..but a great place to get a couple drinks or a chocolate filled french toast with egg whites..yum..
the one place i really miss in philly!not a fan of the old city continental.  i like it for dinner, but not as a bar.  good desserts.  i recommend any drink with champagne in it, and the best thing is that they have a great selection of those.As with many Starr joints, - it is style over substance to (a-hem) justify a higher price.  Continental is a solid choice for brunch - and OK for lunch or dinner.  We enjoyed the super fresh Vietnamese-type "Summer Roll" - but at $8.50 it should not be filled with surimi (imitation crab).  It was also very light and I could have eaten 2 of them myself.  
For $9.50 the udon and wonton soup came with 3 wontons and a few slivers of scallion.  NOT worth the high price, but tasty.
Edamame was $6.50.  OUCH!!!!!  
Server, Katie, was gorgeous and attentive.  Hot (and likely gay) barkeep had beautiful tattoos on Saturn on his arm.
A fun place - but bring MONEY.A good place for eye candy and have a martini, but if you are expecting good food, I suggest you go elsewhere. 
Chicken dumplings $9, four pathetic dumplings w/ super thick skin, you can get from Trader Joe's 12 in bag for $3, except Trader Joe's are better. They weren't even pan fried or anything, just soak in hot water and sat on top a bed of shredded carrot, soy and vinegar dipping sauce. So sad. 
The seared tuna with mushroom risotto was $16. six thinly sliced pieces, about the size of a quarter each, and about 1/2 in thick, they just rolled the tuna in black & white sesame seed, and slightly warmed the outside. The risotto was way undercooked. For the amount of time I waited for them, you would at least think they could get that right.  
I'm guessing they have to overcharge everything to pay for the primo location and all the attractive ladies working there. Oh yeah, all the time I was there, I had to listen to this jerkoff hitting on the two girls at the bar, maybe that's why I lost my appetite.A fun menu that is sure to please all the different cravings in your group.  Skip the sea bass fish tacos -- they could've been talapia and I wouldn't have noticed, but maybe I'm just spoiled (reference: review for Nick's Crispy Tacos. )
Continental has such cool decor! So many places go for retro/kitch and fail -- Continental pulls it off.  
If you have an aversion to bubbly waitstaff, consider yourself warned.My friend and I came by the other night after a concert and had our favorite shoestring fries! Yummyyy. Great drinks, awesome waitress!High-end, pricey Smalls are something that Starr excels at, so let's give credit where credit is do.  I mean, the French Onion Soup Dumplings are awesome!  Even with the prices in mind, this place could easily be four or five stars based on the food alone.
Unfortunately, I don't understand their serving methodology.  Food is brought out in the order it is finished.  First In First Out (FIFO) is a great supply chain principle.  However, when it means that I may have my entrée beat out my apps or my entrée and apps beat out my dining companion's anything, it seems a bit misplaced.
The best way to get over this madding food serving approach is to come with a small group prepared to share eat dish as it arrives.  Drink them down with their solid martinis and you're bound to have a great time!Before I start on my old city iced tea, I have to say it feels great to be back here again. This used to be my hangout in old city before I moved away. Now I see it's still here and better than ever. Chris is doing a fantastic job. It feels like home again. Great food, drink & service.To be honest, I had really high expectations for this place, and although it was good - it didn't wow me. The food, service, and overall atmosphere was good, but not amazing. I would recommend if you haven't been, definitely try it out and see if you like.. but not sure I would return.This plain looking diner has an unexpected posh martini bar inside past the regular dining area. I dropped in with a friend on a drinking night and the place was packed, most people were devouring enormous piles of fries that looked like shoestrings along with other fusion type cuisine. I didn't try the food but the martini bar was really sweet, very chill.OK, it's a Starr restaurant so you know it's going to be trendy.  Yup, it is.  The food is generally above average at a Starr place.  Yup, it is.  Prices a little high?  Yup.   Shoestring Fries to die for, absolutely!  Before you die you need to try these fries.  You never know when that day will occur so go soon!2nd time here 1st time much better.  Food is pretty good Drinks are ok service is greatThe Continental always makes me happy, even if the crab pad thai smells like an unspeakable act. The drinks are pricey but stiff and the cheesesteak egg rolls are a deep fried nugget dropped from heaven. Back in the good old days (late-90s) the Continental was somewhat tragically hip. These days, it is less self-conscious and keeps it simple: great food with style. Perhaps this observation is more a reflection of how I've changed. Anyway, just go. You'll be happy too.We went here for brunch and it was surprisingly AWESOME.
Having eaten lunch several time s and having drinks at the Continental Midtown over the years - I was iffy about coming here - but we needed FOOD and it called to us.
I had an eggs Florentine (egges Benedict with spinach instead of meat.) and my husband got the Breakfast quesadilla.
Both were good and brunch was served with a melon mint sorbetto as a palate cleanser.
Decor is Starr-ized and funky (although someone told me that Starr is not involved with the Continental on Market - only the Continental midtown - not sure if this is true.)  Olive themed light fixtures and olive drab restrooms with gorgeous stainless steel light fixtures on the mirror.
Servers were young, good-looking and surprisingly attentive.
The only disappointment wis the potatoe casserole.  It was just their regular deep-fried potato slices with cheese, peepers & onions melted over the top.  It really shoulda said "cheese fries".
Prices weren't too bad.  Brunch for 2 - no alcohol was $25!
(But I missed having a Champagne-o-rama - my Continental Fave.)
Drink menu is THE SAME as the Cont. midtown.
We may actually come back here!I've been punished because I'm a party of one.  Who knew when I entered Continental and asked for a table and not the bar I would be seated in the back room with screaming disobedient children who were completely unfamiliar with their inside voices and their less-than-concerned and way too tolerant parents.  I've been punished by Continental for my party-of-one status.  Shame, Continental, shame on YOU!!!We wanted to have tapas for dinner before going out clubbing and heard good things about Continental. It seems like this is the place where girls go for dinner before going out. All the tables were packed with party goers nibbling on tapas. We shared a few dishes.. cheesesteak eggrolls, crab mac and cheese, bbq chicken quesadilla, and roasted red pepper and feta cheese dip. We all agreed the bbq chicken quesadillas were the best and most flavorful and the least liked was t the dry/bland cheesesteak eggrolls. My girlfriends liked the crab mac and cheese because it was light and made with orzo, I personally prefer a thicker, heavier macaroni and cheese. For dessert we got the chocolate cupcake served with an orange flavored ice cream.. we weren't fans of this dish. We also got cotton candy .. which is exactly what it sounds like.. a circus style bag of cotton candy.. one of my girlfriends reminisced of her childhood while ripping off pieces of the blue cotton candy..but then slightly panicked when her mouth turned blue. 
We took a trip to the bathroom and were really surprised by the double sided mirrors. You can see right into the bathrooms as people wash their hands.. pick their teeth and touch up their make-up! It was so awkward.. I definitely didn't like that.
Overall, I thought Continental was chic, the bill was reasonable but if we got cocktails it would have been quite expensive. We would have preferred everything to come out at once but I guess since it was tapas style it came out as it was ready. I wasn't blown away by the dishes but enjoyed the atmosphere.I'm leaving this review several months after the fact because my husband and I often talk about what a terrible experience it was.  
It was the worst birthday dinner I've ever had, and I don't drink so I couldn't block it out.  We ordered the Calamari Salad that Anne Burrell recommended on one of her shows.  The calamari was soggy, and served atop wilted lettuce.  Just gross!  OMG, the Pad Thai was worse.  There was a pickled flavor in there.  It was like eating somebody's first attempt at following an exotic recipe but they threw ignorant American all over it.  Disgusting.  My husband, who NEVER WASTES FOOD, threw it away.  Not to mention the Philly attitude we got from the kitchen because we complained about waiting 45 minutes for crap.  Anne Burrell totally lost credibility with us that day.  Get drunk before you go.I have to say. The cocktails are great. The food is (I had a salad). Problem is that it is WAY over priced.Enjoyed the decor and ambiance. The food was great. The service was spot on, especially being served ice cold water and our glasses were kept full. Perfect after a long day of sightseeing.We came here on a Saturday night. There were 6 of us. They were packed but we had reservations. It was everyone's first time eating there. We ordered about 6 dishes to share. Our server was friendly and answered all of our questions. Everything tasted really good. The calamari salad was light and refreshing. The  Lobster Mac was creamy and the spicy mustard  on the shoestring fries were a nice touch. The only complaints were the steak, they didn't cook it to our liking, and we had ordered something that never came. I think it was a bit too loud and he didn't hear it. But it was a good thing considering we also ordered dessert. We had one of each and the grasshopper is the winner. We would definitely come back.Straight to the point
Food: 
- Szechuan Fries is a heaping amount to share with a group of people. It tastes literally like potato chips but would not order again. Its pricey because I felt like I paid $8.50 for one whole potatoe to be shredded, deep fried and dressed with sauce.
-Shrimp Po Boy & Baja Fish Tacos were flavorful and actually fulfilling for 2 people. Served tapa style so it was expected to be small portions as stated on menu but balanced  made up for the amt of meat given. 
Customer service: 
First contact with the host was just just ehh, no smile, or warmth upon entering. After we received our food no one came to ask us how was the food but people who got seated after us (right behind me) was asked several times. 
Overall I would not have this place in mind if I had to figure out where to eat.My husband and I visited this restaurant over the weekend to celebrate his birthday with a group of our friends. I absolutely loved this restaurant! We were running a little behind our reservation time and they were understanding and accommodating. The restaurant front has a classic old school diner feel with huge green olives with picks running through them hanging over each booth. We waited at the bar and were escorted to the back where the ambiance suddenly shifts to more intimate and has more modern elements with hints of vintage. The service was great (especially with our large group) and the drinks, food, and desserts were outstanding! Everyone thoroughly enjoyed their drinks and the food is ordered tapas style (small plates for everyone to share family style). The cheesesteak egg rolls are fantastic! Some plates ended up being a little smaller than expected so we had to order some more food. Overall a great experience; we would definitely recommend to friends and family and would love to return!The waitress said it was a tapas style.....
I went with my sister on a recent trip out east, we strolled in on a bustling friday night (by recommendation of a "local"), got seated right away. Service was quick the Drinks were delish and the food was sooo yummy, big portions considering we were expecting small plates. The Lobster mash potatoes was a enough for a meal alone. Ate everything, the food is so yummy! 
The ambience was great, love the design and layout... I will definitely be back.One of Steven Starr's intentionally super trendy joints but probably one of the more affordable.  FYI, the high menu prices at don't translate to living wage pay or health benefits for his full time employees.
The fries plate is monstrous and highly addictive and the vodka flights make this the only place I've ever ordered vodka.  They also have a great cocktail called the Buzz Aldrin or something similar with a Tang rimmer.  The retro airline styling of the menus is also a lot of fun if you ever grow weary of lists written in italics or script fonts.This is a great place to people watch. We came for drinks on a Saturday night and sat out on the sidewalk. Saw quite a few bachelorette parties walk by. At least 4, loved the one in the hideous 80's prom dresses. People, ok girls in stiletto's, were constantly tripping over the grate. And why does everyone in this town honk like a crazy person? There's nowhere for anyone to move because the street is narrow and everyone who apparently wants to be seen wants to drive down it. 
Can't comment about the food, but I would definitely come back to enjoy the atmosphere next time I'm in Philly.Martini's are great. Food is so-so; I once had chicken that was a little undercooked. Like most Stephen Star Restaurants, its more "fluff" and atmosphere than anything else, which - along with his reputation - you pay for. Still, like all of his restaurants:  give it a chance. He's not one of the most successful restauranteers for nothing.Best meal - as a family of 4 with younger kids (10 and 7) who are foodies, we had a blast.  French onion dumplings ( yes they were good) and asian pork tortillas that we loved.  The kids found some of the food too zesty but they split the hamburger and fries - my son is still saying best fries ever.  And the octopus was amazing - the best I've had in a long time.  My martini was perfect and the staff was great.  We will come back next trip.Worth the cost