I ate at The Palm with my wife during restaurant week. We had high expectations and it didn't really meet any of them. I had the lobster bisque for my appetizer, which was the best item of the evening - it was tasty, but nothing special. We both had the filet, which was ok but not worth the $ if we were paying full price. The "signature half and half" (half homemade potato chips, half stringy fried onion things) that came with our steaks was tasteless and unsatisfying. I had the key lime pie for dessert - which was good, but seemed like it had been taken out of a box. Overall I'd say this place isn't living up to its reputation - I guess its popular among the "power lunch" crowd - but we went there for the food, not the image, and on that front it's severely lacking.Had New Year's Eve dinner here with the wife. I'm not gonna focus on the service so much because it was obviously crowded and I allotted for that . I wanted to really like this place going in. Just didn't happen . If this place was at a different price point maybe my review would be a little different, but it's not . They wanna be a top tier steakhouse in Philly and they just fall short. Ordered the NY strip for two medium rare, comes out a little over medium . We didn't wanna wait to send it back so we ate it . It was beyond tough and really lacking any flavor at all. For such a pricey steak I was really disappointed. The sides were ok, spinach and potatoes . Nothing was past average .. Just ok overall. If this were a road house or outback type place I wouldn't complain but for what they charge u expect better.. This is truly the opposite of the saying u get what u pay for cause here u clearly don't .. Too many better options to return hereThere are SO many things wrong with this place I don't even know where to start.
1) Complimentary bread: hard as ROCK.
2) By the time the server came to take our order, we had already eaten all our rock bread, which took a REALLY long time considering those things were breaking our teeth.
3) Appetizers: The soup tastes SLIGHTLY better than Campbells chicken noodle soup... but for 7x the price. 
4) Our drinks come out AFTER our appetizers come out. Makes sense...? 
5) Main course takes literally 30 minutes to come out AFTER we finished our appetizer. And what do you know? Our steaks come out COLD. Who wants to pay $43 for cold steak?
6) Steak tastes better at Denny's. No joke. and costs about $30 less. Salad also uses soggy iceberg lettuce. What, couldn't afford the extra 50 cents for better lettuce?
7) Served our side dishes on the same plate. Wait, what? Too lazy to wash dishes as well, I see.
8) Got flourless cake - the ONLY highlight of our meal, and the only reason why this place isn't getting one star. But why am I eating my cake while my main AND appetizer plates are chillin empty right next to me? Pretty sure even Denny's clears your appetizer plates before your steak comes out...
9) THE ONE AND ONLY time our server comes to us in the 2 hours we are annoyingly and reluctantly waiting there is to give us our check. 
and the final 10) WTF is going on with your decorations?! If you're going to charge ~50 for a steak, might wanna remodel your interior. 
To sum it up: HORRIBLE service, soggy/rock solid/cold/dry (all at the same time) food, and UGLY ambiance. DON'T WASTE YOUR TIME HERE! I really don't understand how this place has high ratings.. this place should be SHUT DOWN.we think this is the best restaurant to eat in Philadelphia.  The service is great.  The portions are generous.  The steaks are fantastic.  The seafood is excellent.  if you drink the cocktails are wonderful.  
anybody who's anybody eats here all the local TV people and politicians all eat here.
it's simply the best place in Philadelphia.Service was really good, however, the food was just ok. I dunno if my co workers hyped up the place a lil too much, but I thought the items I had were on the bland side.
Lobster Bisque Soup- This was probably the best thing I ate here. Most places tend to over salt their bisque soups, but this place was great! You also get real chunks of lobster too. But for the price, you would think they would give more pieces instead of a measy 3-4.
Calamari appetizer - The breading was nice and crispy and they give a good amount, but it lacked serious flavor. It needed some seasonings on the thing. I just tasted flour! Even the marinara sauce that was provided was kind of bland.
Lobster Salad - It was ok. They gave a good amount of Lobster and had tons of ingredients in it, but some of the ingredients seem like it didn't belong together. Some parts were good, but then I got to others and was like "did that belong in this salad?"Excellent meal. Our server wasn't very friendly, but the food was spot on. Definitely not the most affordable place but a deal during restaurant week. Worth a visitWell, the classic New York steakhouse has reopened in the Bellevue - sadly it is absolutely awful. A steakhouse has to know how to cook a steak - simply disgusting - burnt and overcooked -- as we're the shrimp cocktail, half & half, chopped salad and service! Don't go! Do waste your money! And it wasn't cheap.Delicious. Everything from the salads to the entrees, sides even the expresso was fabulous.  The customer service was awesome. I would definitely recommend.Like the atmosphere, very old school. Had the ahi salad which was terrible. Old lettuce and fishy tuna, not a good combo. My husband had the hamburger and fries which was wonderful.Terrible service from the hostess, Julie, both over the phone and when we arrived. Her attitude was curt and discourteous. Our server, Karen, was polite and friendly; unfortunately, the initial interaction with the hostess truly spoiled the evening. I cannot offer any positive recommendation and will not be returning.Came in here late Sunday afternoon looking for oysters since Sansom Street Oyster House was closed. Big mistake...the oysters were puny and unremarkable. Not just small, but maybe the size of a pea. Not worth $18 for a half dozen.
However, the crab meat cocktail was great and the bartender made great Bloody Mary's.
This looks like a nice place, but don't go here for oysters.My visit to the Palm, Philadelphia proved that no matter what location you visit you will always be treated like family at the Palm.
We started the evening off at the bar. The drinks are served quickly and were at least 9oz for mixed drinks. Wine drinkers have the option of 6oz or 9oz by the glass. A very nice option. 
When we were ready to be seated, we asked for a booth and one was provided, even if we were just a couple. Our waiter, explained all the specials and allowed us to set our own pace of the meal. The veal chop, chicken parm, and clams were all prepared as requested and to perfection. The side dishes were also prepared as directed, when you ask for hash browns well done that's exactly how you get it.
I felt just as home at the Philly Palm as a do at 837 2nd Ave.It's been a good year and a half since I have visited this location on Broad Street. I always enjoyed coming here, and used to be an 837 club member. After trying a few other steakhouses in the city, I felt the Palm didn't quite hold up, so my visits became much less frequent. We came Saturday night for Valentine's Day. We were seated at exactly 7:30 (the time of our reservation) and immediately greeted by our waiter Gary who was excellent. For starters we had the lobster bisque soup and calamari. I really enjoy the calamari here, as I think the marinara sauce is one of the best I have had. One of these days I am going to try a pasta dish here, but so far I can never get away from the steak. We shared the NY strip for 2 (36oz). The steak was cooked perfectly (medium rare) with a slight char. I thought the ends were a little tough however. It was not the best strip I have had, but definitely not the worst. We also shared the au gratin potatoes. They were excellent. The décor here is also more casual than say Barclay Prime, but this evening most of the men had on a sportcoat at least. My wife was amused by all the caricatures on the wall. If you have never been to a Palm, this is what they are known for. We didn't expect to get free entertainment with our dinner, but we did. A table was seated right next to us with a gentleman wearing a bright red velvet sport coat with a matching red fedora. He also had on a long gold chain and charm, and two gold rings on each hand. His wife was wearing a matching red dress with leopard skin belt. They mentioned to me that they had their picture on the wall, so they were obvious regulars. Everybody sitting around us had a good laugh, but the couple were nice, even though they need a little fashion advice. All in all a good dining experience. I agree with the overall 3.5 stars. There are much better steakhouses in the city, but if you do come here I don't think you will leave disappointed.Came here to celebrate my roommate's 21st with his parents and a couple other friends. This seemed like a frequented restaurant for birthday celebrations (so much so that they ran out of candles for the day). Compared to the several other steakhouses in Philly, I can see this being the best choice for such an occasion. 
FOOD: 4.5/5
We started with two appetizers - calamari and scallops. Both were decent but not anything that was shocking, though wrapping bacon with scallops was definitely a good idea! For the main course, I had a 9oz filet and it was definitely not disappointing. I'm used to NY Strip so in comparison I felt it was missing some flavors, but it was made exactly to the temperature I asked for and super delicious! We also had two sides - goat cheese mashed potato and green beans. The goat cheese mashed potato is absolutely amazing and definitely worth going back for. I also tried the seared tuna, and though I was a bit overwhelmed with the amount of sesame that covered the tuna itself, I thought it was pretty tasty. As a warning, the tuna was pretty rare, so expect it to taste like having sashimi. For dessert, I got the creme brulee and also dried the flourless cake. The creme brulee was definitely the one to go for. 
SERVICE: 3.5/5
I was a bit disappointed they didn't have any candles left. I think an hour and half worth of dinner time was enough time to run next doors at Rite Aid, which they said they were going to do but didn't. Aside from that, the waiter was very attentive and helpful.
AMBIANCE: 4/5
As I mentioned before, this is the perfect steakhouse in town for birthdays. Not too quite (Butcher & Singer), not too corporate (Barclay Prime), not too open (Del Frisco's), and not too noisy (Brazilian steakhouses). We sat in a semi-private table, and it seemed like most of the larger tables were somewhat enclosed and separate.My favorite time to go is when they have soft shell crabs on the menu.  I pretty much love their whole menu.  It's pretty much an 'older type of crowd' place, which i don't mind because it very much less obnoxious when I want a tame bar to sip ketel cosmos and watch the phillies in peace.I came for happy hour at Palm which was pretty good.  It wasn't too crowded, but the clientele were mostly 60yo men in suits and haggard looking business women.  Although they don't have a happy hour drink special, they do have a pretty sweet happy hour for food from 5-7PM and 9-closing off their bar menu.  For only $4.50 I enjoyed some delicious lobster BLT sliders, crab cakes, and chicken parm sliders...all very delicious.  The original price of these items are all 12 or more.  The bartender was  really polite and naturally they had Palm beer on tap which is one of my favorite.One of the better Palm Restaurants out there, of course none of them are better than 837 Second Avenue, but that aside, this location was terrific. 
I was in Philadelphia last week and we went here for dinner. It had a cozy bar area that was not too overcrowded. The bartender was so nice and chatted us up about where we were from and the differences between the original Palms and their nationwide counterparts. 
He bought us a round of drinks and as soon as we were ready, we were seated at a table. We requested a booth, and the hostess was happy to accommodate our party of two. When we sat down it was relatively empty, but filled up fast. Everything we ate was, of course, prepared perfectly and the staff made us feel right at home. 
Definitely one of the better Palms out there.Let me tell you about this place. I think of myself as a simple man with simple needs and pleasures. I go out to have quality food, good customer service, and a lovely atmosphere. The Palm Philadelphia™ surpassed all three criteria. The food: phenomenal. I ordered the 9 oz. filet mignon Pittsburgh rare. I was like, "I've never been to such a fancy place. I usually go to Outback Steakhouse. But tonight's different. I'm going to be fancy." And fancy I was. The little details they put into every single dish makes you feel special. Some would say this lovely restaurant is the Chick-fil-A of steakhouses. So good customer service checks out. Now the atmosphere was a little stuffy and noisy. Just being honest. I'm a yelp reviewer I have to give the people what they want and the people want honesty. But once the place cleared out towards the end of the night, it was easier to converse and laugh among friends. Lovely atmosphere: thumbs up. I give this place a solid 4 stars.I came here for a work dinner and was very excited based on what I'd heard about the restaurant.  However, I would describe my experience as underwhelming.  I ordered the filet mignon with a bernaise sauce.  They brought it out (slightly overcooked, but no big deal) without the sauce.  I tried to catch the waiter's attention to ask for sauce, but the service was very fleeting.  I noticed that no one else had sauce on their steak either, and I'm not sure whether they ordered their steak plain or if they just left the sauce off.  Being that it was a work dinner, I let it go.  The steak was still good, but I think if I cooked it myself it would have tasted the same.
As far as the decor- the caricatures were interesting and it's fun to eat at a restaurant that has some personality, but I was surprised at how casual looking the place was.  For its upscale reputation, I was expecting something a little fancies.
I was also unimpressed by the sides.  Typically nice steakhouses have delicious sides, but theirs were just OK.  The Palm prices are comparable to Del Friscos and Capital Grille, but I would say the quality of food at the other restaurants is much, much better.  Knowing that you can get so much better for the price you pay, I wouldn't choose to eat at the Palm again.Three of us had the pleasure of dining at The Palm prior to a show at the Kimmel Friday night.  The renovations completed recently update and open up the dining area nicely.  The booths were comfortable the room had a warm upscale feel. The dining staff were all excellent and genuinely interested in our having a great experience.  Even the Chef made rounds to see that everything was satisfactory. 
Friday is Prime Rib night. It was the best prime rib I have ever eaten. The thick slab end-cut portion was tremendous and cooked to perfection. The shrimp cocktail and Caesar salad were also well prepared and had excellent flavors.  In addition, we had a house salad with cold lump crab meat - the crab was generous, tasting fresh and sweet .  Desert included creamy key lime pie and plate of cold fresh fruit that including ripe blackberries and strawberries.  Staff were kind enough to keep our leftovers in their refrigerator until after the Kimmel performance. 
All in all, it was the perfect experience - infinitely better than our recent stuffy, noisy mediocre experience at Capital Grill.  Congratulation Palm. Enjoy.After a long work week, we wanted to treat ourselves to a nice dinner without the kids. It was a Saturday night and the weather wasn't that bad.We stumbled upon this place after debating on where to eat. Arriving at the door, we were greeted by a nice gentleman and woman. Super welcoming and friendly. Asked for a table for 2 and she said it will be a few minutes but we can wait at the bar. We didn't wait too long before they called us to our table.
Our waiter (Koli) was super informative and attentive. He suggested we get the Filet and Rib Eye. We also ordered the Seasonal Mule cocktails and a couple sides as well. The food was delicious. The service made it even better. From the bus boy to Koli to the hostess, everything was top notch. 
Thank you The Palm, Koli, Jon and Julie for a wonderful night out.The Veal Martini is fabulous, steaks are good, and the creamed spinach is probably the best I've ever had.  Classic American steaks, seafood, and Italian food, prepared very well. Attentive service.  Pictures on the wall are a little dated:  We sat under the caricature of Arlen Spector and had never seen him before with brown hair!We were hungry, in Center City, on a Friday night, at 8pm with no dinner reservation. A quick check on OpenTable on my phone showed no available reservations for hours anywhere around us, with the exception of the High End Steakhouses. That made sense because that Friday also happened to be Good Friday ... 
Next problem is that we're dressed for a little Mexican restaurant, not a Steakhouse ... great. 
After some quick discussion we decide that we're most likely not to get rejected at The Palm. I mean they have cartoons all over the walls, they'll tolerate jeans and polo shirts, right? Figuring it's our best chance we head to the Palm. 
Just as anticipated they welcome us in without hesitation and even better we're not the most dressed down group there. 
We're seated right away and our waiter, Gabriel, is there instantly. We're ordering drinks and he's running down specials. When he leaves to let us digest the menu, that's when the dilemma sets in. We're Catholics in a Steakhouse on Good Friday. Running through the options I'm conflicted, on one hand I've been good all Lent and here I am at the last meal on the last day on the other hand if I'm spending that much on dinner I should get what I want, and I love steak. 
Gabriel returns to take our order and starts around the table, my dining partners go crab-cake, crab-cake, tuna and now it's to me. I'm thinking fish but then come to my senses, I mean there are plenty of reasons I'm going to burn, I doubt a steak is going to be the tipping point. NY Strip it is. 
My steak came out and it was cooked perfectly and was very good but not great. With the competition all around them they need to be serving 5s, this steak was a 4. Perhaps it was just God mad at me ... 
The mashed potatoes and au gratin potatoes were both pretty good as well. But again they need to be serving 5s and these were both 4s. 
So for the rating I'm going food 4, ambiance and service both 5s. 
Since Yelp won't let us give 4.5 stars I'm going with a 4. 5 stars is for perfection and The Palm didn't quite make it this time.Service was very bad, terrible waiter. We could barely find him to get a drink.  Waiter also made excuses on behalf of the chef, "Sorry, they have a hard time cooking larger steaks."  The table we were seated at ( for a business dinner party of six) was also a bad spot. Others ordered salads, shrimp cocktails, and chicken. I ordered the special of the day, which was a 36oz steak ( over $100 for a piece of meat ).  I can eat a steak medium rare or even medium. I do not like dark red inside, bloody raw or rare temp meat.
My steak was prepared very rare. It was bloody and mostly went to waste. I was extremely unhappy and our 
company will not be returning to the new Palm restaurant for any more functions. I did send the steak back once, it again came out raw/ purple-dark red cold center. 
The waiter told us their cooks had a hard time with a steak that large, getting it to a higher temperature-  well then don't make that the special of the day or serve 36oz steaks!!!! Cooks at a steakhouse need to know all meat temperatures better than this, and service staff needs to be a lot better all-around.  This was an absolutely unacceptable experience from a restaurant that we used to count on for a reliable semi-annual experience.Overpriced mediocre bar food.  Nothing special at all except for the wait staff.Came here for a dinner on a Friday.  Both steaks were slightly overcooked.  Everything else was fine, but not spectacular.  Nice looking place and good service, bar has decent cougar potential.Went for Restaurant Week. Only three entrees were offered, Glazed Salmon, Shrimp Scampi, and Filet Mignon. The scampi was probably the best dish with huge shrimp, very fresh was how one person described it though one person said the linguine was soft and the other said her's was hard. The other two entrees were good though we both thought it strange that all we got was the protein, no green beans, no potatoes, just the meat. For dessert, everyone had the Tiramisu. Huge slices and yummy. Service was good. I'm only giving them three stars because for the class of restaurant, I expect more from the food and service.  One thing of note and my gratitude to our waiter for pointing out that the Cali red wine I picked was $20/glass. I ended with a French red which was good (pinot noir).Newly renovated. Smaller more open. Walls I longer cluttered with old celebrities and local politicians. Service needs to improve. First week of operation since opening. 
I am NOT a fan of unisex bathroom.Really enjoyed dinner at the Palm. I love the decor. The service was impeccable, our waiter was highly attentive, friendly and made excellent drink and menu suggestions. Special orders are eagerly accomodated. I had the salmon which was perfect.  Our group occupied a table for a long time and at no time did we feel rushed. Overall i highly recommend the palm for a great fine dining experience.Atmosphere was great. Food...eh maybe we didn't plan for the right expectation. Don't know why there were no sides for my steak and my friend's chicken. The vegetable served later was kinda cute but too late.. The key lime pie as desert was too too sweet..I went to the Palm with my girlfriends for restaurant week. The service was atrocious. From the start our server was OBVIOUSLY annoyed that we were there for Restaurant Week. I am not sure why he was surprised, it was Restaurant Week after all. Our evening went something like this:
7:30- brought to our table by the very nice host
7:35 - server brings us menus - not including Restaurant Week special menu
7:40 - server asks if we have questions about said menu, asks if we would like wine ... at which point I mention we do not have a wine list and I ask also for the restaurant week menu- server rolls his eyes and walks away
7:50 - wine list and restaurant week menus appear. knowing he's frustrated i order a relatively expensive bottle of wine ($60 for something I'm quite sure I saw at the liquor store for $10). He's still not happy. 
8:10 - wine arrives- Server takes dinner orders - he's still annoyed
8:40 - dinner arrives- we've been here for over an hour already- we're starving. 
9:15 - server checks on us - i ask for check 
9:45 - check arrives 
Just look at the timeline... that's really all you need to know about our evening. There were 4 of us- and while we weren't spending hundreds of dollars each, he still got a nice tip from us, so why, oh why, was he so rude and annoyed? Did he not get the Restaurant Week memo? WTF! 
As for the food- it was OK. I've had better, but it was enjoyable. 
I'll return with my husband NOT during restaurant week and see how that goes- because I think the poor service swayed my feelings about the food.I went on Monday with a colleague who had been looking forward to the Palm's reopening for over a year. Such a let down! 
I will say that our server was very nice (and that's the reason for the two stars), but that's about where the good things end. I ordered the Palm cheeseburger with Gouda. The waiter never asked how I'd like my burger cooked, and it came out SO rare. I like my burgers medium rare, but this was way too rare for me. Because we were on a work lunch with limited time (and I didn't want to feel like a jerk), I didn't send it back and instead tried to eat what I could. Unfortunately, the Gouda was also completely bland. The sweet potato fries were just ok. My colleague had been raving about the Palm's chicken parm for months, and was so excited to try it again. Well, she took a few bites around the edges and once she got into the center, discovered that it was
Completely raw inside. She did say that the flavor was really good, but was so grossed out that she really didn't touch it. Her green beans on the side were ok, but they were so oily that I didn't care for them. 
Between the raw chicken parm and the extremely rare burger (with the failure to ask how I even wanted it cooked), I definitely won't return. It would have been embarrassing to have been here with a client!! Maybe they just need some time to iron out the kinks, but overall it was a very disappointing (and expensive) experience. I really wanted to like the Palm!I really enjoyed having dinner here my first night in town! I like the rustic look and the intimate vibe. Also the building its located in overall is pretty beautiful. The hostess and waitress we had were really sweet. They offer and extensive wine and cocktail menu. We just went to two classes on a white. I ordered the halibut which was served over spinach. It was missing a little more of a vegetable but it was very delicious and light! My friend had a salad with chicken - super simple but he enjoyed it too! We shared the brussel sprouts and they were roasted with the perfect crisp. Over all nice experience.They have changed the Palm substantially due to a buildout renovation and makeover in 2017.  
This was our first meal here since the renovation.
We went to celebrate a special occasion--and things were different.
The cartoons were gone from the walls.  The bar had been moved.  There was much more privacy in the booths.  The menu was similar, but simpler and trimmed down.
We ordered the 4lb lobster special for two; our friends ordered lamb and another dish.  We also had tuna ahi and calamari appetizers.
All food was superb, appetizers excellent, and they even had a gluten free chocolate cake for dessert.
Different, but still the great Palm.This was my first time going to the palm and it was phenomenal. We were seated promptly for our reservation and service was right on point the entire night. 
Our table started with lobster bisque (very good), Capri salad (amazing mozzarella), and Calamari (only Ok). For dinner we had the Porterhouse steak and it was cooked perfectly and clearly a really high quality cut of meat worth every penny. The Ribeye was also very good. Veal parmigiana was a huge portion and very traditional but next time I would only get steak here. The sides were good but nothing to really talk about. Chocolate cake for dessert was moist and delicious, but hard to eat after the meal of course. 
After trying most of the high end steakhouses in Philadelphia, I have to say this is now probably my favorite and I will definitely be going back!Last night 3 of us went to newly renovated Palm in Philadelphia. We did not have a good experience. Two of three main courses were not prepared as ordered. Even after one course was removed to cook as ordered, it was returned still undercooked. The meat and bernais sauce were so heavily salted as to be nearly inedible. The manager was informed, and offered to replace one of the main courses  but by that time, we were already eating at different  times. At these prices, one has a right to expect better.This review is for drinks only.
Although the drinks were strong, our bartender wasn't overly hospitable. Most places I go to get service instantly (on a monday when the bar only has 2 other patrons that have already been served) and the bartender introduces themselves and all those types of social niceities. It took at least 5 minutes for him to acknowledge us and he pretty much just poured our drinks and split. (My companion originally raved about this place or I would have suggested finding another place nearby)
Oh well, the drinks were strong, but we only stayed for one apiece before moving on to the next place.
Not overly impressed, especially given that lunch down the street and the hotel service at the Bellevue was spot on.
EDIT- I did want to add that someone from the Palm has apologized for the experience and has promised to share it with their customer care team. (5/9/12)Love it, I have been a 837 club member for years and always have a good meal no matter which location I eat at and I have tried quite a few of them in may different cities. The staff is always knowledgeable and have never let me down when making a wine recommendation no matter what price be it high or low.Always liked the Palm NYC locations. Went to the Philly location and it was fantastic.  Service was excellent, food was great and they were extremely accommodatingLove this place.  The lobster does not even need any butter because it is so sweet.  I am not even a big steak fan and love the Palm's.  People and waitstaff are nice and quick.  I have always had a wonderful experience here.Need John Taffer for this one to "shut it downnn!!!"
It's a shame because I really enjoy The Palm in Atlantic City. I figured after they closed the restaurant in Philly and reopened, it would be much better...  I was wrong. 
It should tell you enough when you walk in that there are 7 people in the restaurant. Not to mention the fact that my feet were stuck to the sticky floor and I was swatting away flies at our table. 
The waiter sat us and was no where to be found for about 20 minutes thereafter.  No excuse with literally 3 tables to wait on.  
We had two soups come out ice cold and two salads that had no dressing.
The steaks had absolutely no juice to them and were ridiculously underwhelming for the price tag. 
With other amazing steakhouses around the corner and the service that we received with mediocre food, I will not be back. 
Pretty sad.There isn't much to say about The Palm that hasn't been said before. I will say however that the SERVICE is exceptional. If you are a steakhouse person, and I am, then you know what you're gonna get at The Palm, food-wise. But the service can make or break the meal, and at The Palm we have always had wonderful, friendly, professional and attentive service. Seriously, sometimes I think these folks are mind-readers.Had to send my meal back the last time I ate there.  For a place that prides itself on steaks and seafood you'd think the delivery would be flawless.  Too many other options out there for average performance.I was wavering between 3 and 4 stars for my experience at the Palm, but I had to settle on 3 stars because I just didn't want out feeling as happy as a 4 star experience should make me.  With that said, however, it was still a lovely dinner.
My boyfriend and I chose the Palm as our one restaurant week experience while he was in town.  We walked in fully expecting our socks to be rocked.
The decor is classy, but not stifling, rather cozy, and quirky.  Immediately upon entering, we had our coats checked and were seated at a lovely table next to a window.  
I decided to order from the restaurant week menu ($35 for a three course meal), and my boyfriend got enticed into ordering a special of a four course trio of filet mignon meal for $49.95.
My dinner consisted of:
- Ahi Tuna tartar & King crab in Avocado shell with cilantro pesto: Beautiful plating and a lovely fresh start to a meal.  The flavors of the tuna, avocado, and crab meat were all mild and paired nicely with the cilantro pesto.
- Shrimp and Clam Posillpo with Black linguini pasta: It was so cool to sea black linguini!  While the sauce was nothing really out of this world, the clams were a bit too salty, and the shrimp was a little too chewy, the consistency of the pasta was perfect.  Overall, an enjoyable dish, but nothing spectacular.
- Chocolate Banana bread pudding with dulce de leche: I loved it, but it might not be what you expect.  The bread pudding is very solid and has a texture more like moist muffin with dulce de leche on top.  It tasted like banana bread with a kick of chocolate in it, and I thought it was delicious.
The boyfriend's meal consisted of:
- Lobster bisque: Delicious.  Creamy but not too thick.
- Trio of Filet Mignon with Lobster and Crab: Unfortunately, my boyfriend and I were both pretty disappointed with the filet mignon.  Although he likes his meat medium rare, he ordered it medium for me (so sweet).  They were actually kind of tough and dry and not too flavorful.  However, we looked at other ones that were served to other tables that were a bit more rare inside, and it looked much better.  So unless you love the taste/texture of well-done meat, go with medium rare.
- Steamed asparagus: How special can steamed asparagus really be?  Apparently not very special because this asparagus did not taste seasoned at all.  It was a nice healthy side, but it was definitely something we could have made at home.
- Creme Brulee: Amazing!  The creme brulee had a beautiful sugar layer on top.  It also had a little kick of lemon to it, which I loved.  It was smooth, creamy, and just delicious.
Overall, it was an enjoyable meal with large portions and yummy food.  However, for $100 for the two of us, we expected our worlds to be rocked, and we left feeling just okay about dinner.  I might go back again to try other things, but I definitely am not dying to go back.  So while the food is good and the service is polite, it just did not live up to our expectations and to the price tag.Late Monday night at about 9pm on Halloween.  Staying at the Hyatt at the Bellevue.  I've heard great things about Palm so we stepped inside.
Wine menu was thorough and while I enjoy a great wine and understand that there is a huge markup at restaurants, I still couldn't bring myself to purchase a 9oz glass at $22, for a bottle that I know retails for about $12.  The green apple martinis with Belvedere were yummy (and strong!) and fairly priced ($14) relatively speaking compared to the wine list.  
The tenderloin beef carpaccio was amazing! The greens garnish was nicely tossed with a light but flavorful dressing with a nice crispy potato chip.  
Lamb chops were perfectly cooked (med rare) in light butter.  A little disappointed in the fillet as it seemed a little small for the price  and the sauce was a little thick in consistency and flavor.  
We had ordered asparagus after placing the dinner order when we realized the meals would not come with a vegetable (I mistakenly ordered the lamb chops rather than the Monday night special of leg of lamb with asparagus).  It took way too long for us to get the asparagus (we were almost done with entree) especially considering there were only two other diners at this point.  But the asparagus was perfectly cooked, crispy without undercooked and nicely seasoned with garlic and butter.
The waiter didn't check in on us often, but told us later that he didn't want to bother us as we looked engulfed in conversation and he didn't want to seem like he was pushing us out.  He chatted with us about the neighborhood a bit when I asked about Halloween in Philly and when we asked about the comic decor (the history is cool but i still find it kind of tacky).  
Overall the service was a little stiff in the beginning and while Palm as a great reputation, I don't think that overall it was worth the price.People say to come to Philadelphia for the cheesesteaks, but I say come to visit the Palm. 
We went for a business dinner and there was a prix fixe menu, just under $40 for a starter and main course. "Damn, that's expensive just for two courses?!" you say. Well, the first course I chose was a smooth, rich lobster bisque with fresh lobster as garnish, a meal in itself. Sigh. My main course was the petite fliet, which they topped with fresh crab and hollendaise (yes, feel the arteries clog) and a side of some kind of thrice-baked cheesy potatoes. Not a bad price after all for steak and seafood. And orgasmic chocolate cake for dessert. It's like a lava cake where they were able to bake the moist lava right into the cake itself, so it just melted, not like fudge, but like ice cream. Lordy. 
Oh, did I say service was stupendous? It was. They didn't even bat an eye (although they did crack a smile) when they asked if I needed anything else at the end of the meal and I requested some "fat pants".The Host & Hostess ( and rushed servers) earned the 2 stars for being gracious, patient and cheerful. The Mothers Day brunch offered a pastry basket, starter, main dish and dessert. After a 50+ minute wait we received the starters ( we experienced the Cesar salad, lobster bisque and berries w/ granola- the bisque was thicker than thick and not overly appealing-salad was flavourless) It was then that we had to ask for the breadbasket that held 2 mini muffins and 2 chocolate and raspberry and cheese...don't even know what to call them but didn't appear fresh. The entrees took another 45 minutes and were shockingly unremarkable- airline type meal and the lobster omelette- they forgot to add the lobster but given the timing, why bother. The toast was right out of a Wonderbread bag. 
We had raced to our kids for years about the phenomenal Palm. Hoping this was an off day for them.Sat at the bar last night. The service was great. The food was horrible. Don't get the chopped salad it looks like garbage on a plate. I sent it back. The scallops were very under seasoned . The crab cakes were ho hum and the sautéed spinach was very salty. My companion didn't want to send anything else back because he didn't want the secret sauce. The sin city cocktail was ok a little sweet for my taste but if you like sweet it was good.It was Sunday night--Day 1 in a conference I was attending at the Hyatt. I was looking for a nice, mellow place for a good glass of wine and some red meat. Lucky me, the Palm is right there in the lobby!
It was a Sunday, so the crowd was dreamily thin. I sat myself down at a nice high-table in the bar area and ordered a DELICIOUS burger and a glass of red. 
The waiter, Ryan, was just attentive enough, making sure I had enough water but largely leaving me to my book and the Oscars (on mute.) My burger was over too soon, but it sure was lovely while it lasted.:  Let me start by saying, I worked there for 4 years.  The steaks are the best quality in the city, one of only two steakhouses in the city that use USDA Prime beef. It's loud, boisterous and fun.  The servers are either superb or horrible.  To make sure you get a good one, ask for Merri, Vance or Randy.  Randy is slow but precise, Merri is fun and thoughtful and Vance is the traditional suave Italian waiter you'd expect from the Palm.  The bleu cheese and mozzarella are individually great.  The creamed spinach, hash browns and  and  (onions and chips) are best.  The 16oz NY Strip, Bone-on 20oz New York strip or Colorado Lamb Chops are the best choices for meat eaters.  For veal get the Martini or Picatta. For seafood, the crab cakes are on par with the best I have ever had, also available as an appetizer even though it's not stated on the menu.  The martinis are huge and the female bartenders are the best in the business: fast, gracious and very entertaining.  Let Jim know that I sent you. Noise level gets extremely high on Saturday nights.I'm not a 5 star giving gal, but I had a fantastic meal and all around wonderful experience. 
We arrived & were seated right away. An adorable Italian gentleman brought bread & lovely compliments to our table. The waiter came over took our drink order and shared the evenings specials. 
Our table ordered a dozen Maryland oysters and salad. The oysters were sweet and meaty. As we waited for our first course I decided I was extra hungry and needed a wedge salad. I called the server over to tell him I was starving and wanted to add a salad, & within 2 mins my salad was in front of me. Shortly thereafter we got the oysters and other salad. They definitely treat a lady like a lady. We finished our appetizers, ordered a bottle of wine and then our entrees arrived. My lobster was perfectly steamed, by special request since they usually broil it, and that sweet gentleman came back to do extra cracking on it. Yes, it arrived cracked he just did a little extra. The steaks looked gorgeous, and the green beans with pancetta & pine nuts was the perfect recommended side.  
We finished dinner & out came the dessert menu. I don't usually order dessert, but they had a flourless (also 100% gluten-free) chocolate cake so the table shared it. 
The steaks were cooked perfectly, rare for my husband, and med-rare for the other guest. My lobster was sweet and lucky me also came with roe. What a treat!  The waiter was attentive, knowledgeable and friendly. It was a top notch experience.This is easily the best dining experience of my life.
The filet mignon literally melted in my mouth. The service was top notch. And since we were first time diners they sent a huge slice of chocolate cake compliments of the house.I went on Monday with a colleague who had been looking forward to the Palm's reopening for over a year. Such a let down! 
I will say that our server was very nice (and that's the reason for the two stars), but that's about where the good things end. I ordered the zoom cheeseburger with Gouda. The waiter never asked how I'd like my burger cooked, and it came out SO rare. I like my burgers medium rare, but this was way too rare for me. Because we were on a work lunch with limited time, I tried to eat what I could. Unfortunately, the Gouda was also completely bland. The sweet potato fries were just ok. My colleague had been raving about the Palm's chicken parm for months, and was so excited to try it. Well, she took a few bites around the edges and once she got into the center, discovered that it was
Completely raw inside. She did say that the flavor was really good, but was so grossed out that she really didn't touch it. Her green beans on the side were ok, but they were so oily that I didn't care for them. 
Between the raw chicken parm and the extremely rare burger (with the failure to ask how I even wanted it cooked), I definitely won't return. It would have been embarrassing to have been here with a client!! Maybe they just need some time to iron out the kinks, but overall it was a very disappointing (and expensive) experience. I really wanted to like the Palm!I took my mom to Palm prior to a show we were attending at the Kimmel Center.  Our reservation was at opening time (5pm) so I'd expect everything to be cooked to order.  We both ordered veal dishes and both were good but to me not worthy of the high price charged by Palm.  I felt as though both dishes were prepared earlier and held in a steam table to keep it hot since both orders were brought to table within maybe 10 minutes of us placing the order.  I may be wrong but it didn't taste like something cooked to order. 
The server was fine but not stellar.  I'd have to think about it first before going back to Palm.I have been to the Palm many times with my girlfriend and wanted to propose to her here and everyone here was very helpful and accommodating in making this happen.  The managers were great, Jim, Beth, and Pat (I think?  was very nervous when I walked in and met with him), and our server Gary was awesome as well as always.  The proposal could not have gone any better!!  Everything was top notch from the food to the service to the execution and planning.  Everyone was very helpful and as always the food did not disappoint.  I chose the Palm for the proposal because my girlfriend and I have never had anything bad or any bad experiences here and we have been here plenty of times.  Everyone is always warm and friendly and the food is outstanding as is the wine selection which my girlfriend (now fiancé) loves!!  The Palm always meant something to us before just for their great service and food and staff but now it means so much more if that's even possible!!  Thanks again so much!!Welcome back!!! Couldn't have been more disappointed. Service as fabulous as before...then it stopped right there. $45 for a salad and a bunless burger!!! Chopped salad chopped so fine it was mushy. Fries seriously undercooked. No ice in the iced tea.  Engaged with another patron - an older guy freaking out to see a woman in the "shared" restroom- who agreed that we absolutely support gender neutral restrooms...but not one big room with a bunch of stalls and sinks. It was actually creepy!!Ordered two steak burgers medium well. Both came out raw and second attempt was burnt.  Waited for a long time to get refills of drinks.  McDonalds would have been a better meal.This Palm was great. 
Appetizers are very good. Try Salads, Lobster bisque and others very good.
Nice bar with adult pours.
The wait staff is career types and try to be on top of your experience.
Their steaks were very good. Last few times we dined there the steak wasn't as good. They were overpriced especially given the fact that the steak disappointed.
Try the Cottage Fries and other wonderful side dishes.
Menu has many good variety of items. They offer some good Italian dishes, fish and the usuals. 
Lobsters are cold water and excellent. 
Usually a reservation is a must.
They are closed for renovations. Won't reopen until March 2017.My friends and I had dinner here last week. The restaurant looks beautiful with the new renovations and the food was amazing. Our server, Dennis was very friendly and super attentive. I had the iceberg wedge salad and filet. Their wedge is one of my favorite salads and the steak was flavorful and delicious! The chocolate cake is also the best!This is a steak and seafood house and they do steak & seafood well.  My special filet with crabmeat was excellent.  The special escargot appetizer was only okay.  Service is always excellent.  This is pricey and no sides or appetizers included.  Desserts were wonderful.oh how i love thee...
the palm is your classy high end steak house.  it's not pretentious nor stuffy nor does it pretend to be.  when you come here, expect one thing... high quality steak cooked right.  if you want to be pampered, the palm is not the best place... i mean, it's a steak house!  
i highly highly recommend the fried calamari.  it's a heaping plate of fresh squid nicely battered and fried to perfection.  and to help clean your palate, there are thin slices of jalepeno and lemon zest, battered, deep fried and mixed in with the calamari.  genius!!
the steak... yummm~ ny strip, rare.  with each bite you can taste the nurturing this steak went through.  slice after slice, our rare steak did not end up swimming in a pool of blood (which you would see in lesser rated steak houses).
after our well executed dinner, i felt ready to retrieve to the smoking room for brandy and cigars.  that's the kind of mood the restaurant sets.   if you appreciate a nice cut of steak, the palm is there for you.My favorite place! I get the chopped salad, shrimp bruno app, chicken parm entree' (It's as big as the plate), potatoes au gratin and creamed spinach..my husband and I split it all! Save room for the carrot cake!Went here at around 7 pm as a party of 5 with no reservation, but the wait time was not bad at all. The staff was friendly and the restaurant atmosphere was warm and cozy. I wouldn't consider our experience to be anywhere near noteworthy, but their bread basket was unique, with varied kinds of bread. I shared the 14-oz. prime New York strip with my brother and it was enough to satisfy the both of us. The steak was delicious and well-cooked. We also had the asparagus with the I think, Hollandaise sauce, and that was delicious.Had Thanksgiving here with my family. We waited an hour and 25 minutes of bad service, and were all served Horrible Turkey that tasted uninviting..it was cut in chunks and not evenly sliced..It was dry and cold and had gallons a horrible mushroom gravy poured over top. The menu did not say it was going to have mushrooms. We sent it back and got refunded. DO NOT EAT HERE ON TURKEY DAY OR ANY THANKSGIVING EVER...It ruined it for me and my family. I went home and had to eat a Banana for Thanksgiving! We have been coming here for 20 years. This is inexcusable.This is what we waited for, i.e. rennovations that took over a year?
 Places where waiters cannot get through, tables where people pass you to go to the rest rooms, and that is just the room layout.  Poorly done. 
Thanksgiving they advertised that you can order from the regular menu if turkey is not your thing.  We waited an hour for Linguine with clams and veal with mushrooms.  They didn't have littlenecks in the kitchen so they cut up cherrystones. Did they think I wouldn't notice?  About seven cloves of garlic to make the dish look like it had lots of clams.  My husband's dish was a tiny piece of veal and again about a pound of mushrooms to hide the sparse serving.
The Palm is for people who really don't know good food. Sorry, but that is what I experienced.  Drink up. It might taste better.Love this place and the staff.  Great to see Julie as the manager she is a great asset to this restaurant.  The food is as good as ever from the lobsters to the steaks.  Love the Gigi salad and the filets.  I don't want to forget to mention the bar tenders they are also a great crew that will always be attentive to your needs.  Just a great place to go and enjoy a night out.The Palm Philadelphia is by far the best steakhouse in the city - and I have eaten at all of them.
My most recent visit was a "date night" with me and my 3-year-old daughter.  I had the 24oz Bone-In Ribeye with Lyonnaise Potatoes (they are not on the menu - so ask for them) and Broccoli with Garlic and Oil.  My little one had a half-order of penne w/ marinara.  She helped me devour the monstrous plate of broccoli too.
Now this is not a usual Palm meal for me - as I skipped apps, salad, and dessert.  The calamari is the best around - mixed with fried cherry peppers and lemon rinds.  The softshell crabs with rabe are out of this world when in season.  The wedge (ask them for bleu cheese crumbles and bacon on the side) is fit for 2.  The West Coast GiGi (no hardboiled egg please) salad is a culinary delight - mixed with string beans, lettuce, peppers, avocado, and shrimp.
For dessert - if you are a chocolate lover (which I am not and still love it) - the chocolcate cake is incredible.  
Also - they have a terrific bar menu that is heavily discounted between 5-7 and 9-close Mon-Fri.  $1 Oysters and $3.50 Kobe Beef Sliders (for 3!!!) are a deal not to be passed up.
Eric, Randy, Merri, and Dennis are all great waitstaff (among the rest who are also top-notch).  Jim and Clemente run a tight ship.  Julie and Phil will both treat you right at the bar.
Enjoy!For the past twenty plus years, I have enjoyed the palm with friends and family. On 4/5/14 that feeling came to a crashing climax. It wasnt the food. It was as good as usual. It wasnt the wine and cocktails which, although pricey, were as good as usual.
It was the attitude of the waitstaff and management.
My wife and I have always had chopped steak  cooked pittsburgh medium rare. While not on the menu, it has always been available to us on request. On 4/5 the waiter ( who was new to us) informed me that it was not on the menu and was not available.
We also have enjoyed the radishes and pickles which were brought to the table for free upon request.
He brought them and in a snarky way, muttered under his breath , that we would be charged for them. $5.95 for 3 radishes, 2 dill pickles, and 2 pickled tomatoes.
I took this up with the management who informed me that this was their"policy".
My overall impression was that we were treated in an extremely dismissive manner by both the waitstaff and management. They displayed a facetious condescending attitude that my family and myself will never submit ourselves to in the future.
P.ASGoodness, I had a bad experience here :-( 
Food: The lobster sliders were not very good. They were drowned in mayo and the lobster salad oddly tasted very sweet...it was very strange. The brioche bun was not toasted and there was too much bun for the proportion of lobster salad.  
Customer Service: I have never had worse customer service.  In fact I left the restaurant crying!  I was given a gift card from my employer which was not honored at the restaurant.  I was told by two individuals (the manager and general manager) that they would help me out and honor the gift card, and yet in the end... it was not.  It is sad that... this is how customers at a restaurant are treated.   
Point is.... I spent $60 on mediocre hotel food that could have been spent on a better meal at my neighborhood gastro pub.  An overpriced, dishonest place for sure.  Perhaps their steaks are good... but on an interpersonal level... the character of this establishment is lacking.The Palm is situated on the lower level of the Bellevue with access directly off the street (broad). They have a lovely little bar right inside where you can post up whilst waiting to be seated. The bartenders are very friendly and it sets the tone for what is going to be a great dinner. 
I had the Surf and Turf (Steak & Lobster). The steak was as expected... fantastic. The Lobster was actually lightly grilled and was displayed very nicely. The addition of lemon and garlic butter had me wishing I ordered surf and surf. 
Overall a fantastic night spent with a colleague and my wife. Tab was like 6 bills for 3 people but that's most likely due to the seafood tower and wine as the dinner menu prices were $$$ not $$$$ lol. 
Obviously the Palm is world renowned and this particular location is definitely up to snuff.Went here Saturday night and what a treat!  Actually I had drinks here on Thursday, business lunch on Friday and dinner on Saturday so I think I am qualified to give an opinion.  IT'S FANTASTIC!  So some of the portraits have changed, and the bar is in a different location, but I love it!  Nice modernish face lift!  I love the bar.  Its tucked away from the busy restaurants crowd but has bonus booths which I cannot wait to eat at!
This is still the BEST martini in the city - thanks Julie!
Let me focus on dinner:  my family member is strictly gluten free and the Palm became our and her favorite place to eat safely over 12 years ago.  Paulie and Nick along with our server Robert (welcome back!) all had her covered on the gluten free front.
The caesar salad is perhaps even better than before.  Our filet, potatoes and spinach were spot on amazing.  Even the flourless chocolate cake was the same (amazing) and gluten free to boot!  In 2 weeks when we return, we will do the summer lobster special. 
The bathroom now is gender neutral with nice large private rooms to do your business in.  I think this is fabulous in this day and age!
As for the decor, I actually like the new set up better.  It really is not so different than a year ago.  I would say same number of booths (cozy round ones in the back now) and same number of tables.  There is also a large private dining room where the bar used to be and we even met Ben Franklin when looking around as we went to depart.
If one request, it would be to go back to the original dill pickles (tomatoes and radishes are the same).  
THANK YOU for returning better than ever!Join their 837 Club before going.  Tonight's special dinner menu was amazing.  excellent Caesar salad, lots of great bread, excellent filet and sautéed spinach.  Gary was my server and he deserves a raise!Steaks were cooked to perfection..but service lacked a bit and the ambiance was eh.. Food was delish though and I'm about the food when it comes to a good Steak Dinner. The meat wont disappoint!! Its a Steak house..who needs good service anyway..Have you ever been to Luger?If there was a zero star option I would've given this restaurant zero stars. I went to PA on a business trip and was dying to try this restaurant. My fiancé and I both ordered the filet, medium, and shared side of asparagus. Our steaks arrived to us both burned black on the top and bottom. We paid $135 for 2 burnt steaks and a side of asparagus. I will never waste my hard earned money here again!Great Steakhouse, great salads, the 50/50 is awesome.  837 Club member myself, trying to spend the $12k to get my portrait on the wall..hah!  But its great service and lunch is always reasonable if you don't want to shell out the big bucks for dinner.Not bad for for the price. Steak was good, sides were good. Cesar salad had way too much dressing. The large table of guys celebrating God knows what were extremely obnoxious, pissing off most people sitting in that area. Our server asked them to keep it down, which should have been done by a manager. ( no balls)
They did comp our overpriced bottle of wine for the inconvenience. All in all the food was good.
Not as good as Mortons or Ruths but also not as expensive. Probably give them another try in a couple of years.Service painfully slow and less than attentive
Monday Night Salad was tasteless.
Party (of 5)ordered 5 entrees w/a prime strip to be shared .
The waiter misunderstood and brought a double strip for (2) $99 
The steak was up to expectations although the Veal Parm was soggy and
tough.Went with a group of friends for restaurant week. I wasn't extremely impressed with anything specific, but I didn't have a horrible time either.
It's a steakhouse that felt just like any other steakhouse...comfortable for my retired grandparents.
The servers/assistants were not very quick with one of the number one services: water. Being that it was restaurant week, they tried to sell us on alcohol, but none of us drink, so there was the awkward removal-of-wine-glasses that took place, followed by our requests for water...just water. Not pellegrino, not bottled. The server went away for a few minutes and left us with our menus, only to return with his pad of paper to take down our orders. "Where's our water?"  "Your water is coming soon." (Is someone collecting rain water from the rooftop reservoir?)
We chose our restaurant week selections--most of us picked the canoli for dessert! I was looking forward to that. (the other selections were lame- rootbear float? chocolate cake?)
The sweet potato fries were probably the best thing on my plate. Generously fried to a crisp.
We finished up our entrees, and the server returned to ask us 'Who here ordered the canoli's for dessert?' most of us raised our hands. "I'm sorry but we've run out of them." Bummer.
5 minutes later, we watch as a parade of servers walk out with canoli desserts for the table next to us. DOUBLE BUMMER. Shit sucks sometimes, I guess. Stock your food supply! (Or make your desserts in-house.)
Root beer float, it is.Great food and atmosphere. We decided to stop in to see the newly renovated Palm it was definitely more open and inviting. Food was great. We had the Lobster special decided to splurge and split a 6lb Lobster between us two. It was definitely worth it. Only reason I'm not giving it 5 stars was the service was on the slow side.Let me preface this by saying that I can definitely see why this is one of my dad's favorite restaurants, and also why it would have more intrinsic appeal for a 55 year old steak and Scotch loving gentleman than it would to me. However, I still had a pretty fantastic meal at the Palm for his birthday dinner. The ambiance is pleasant, if a little dated looking (the shtick of having caricatures of famous people is a bit lost if you only recognize 1 in 50), but the service is great--not too obtrusive, but definitely on the ball, and really just very nice.
Prefacing this, again, with the caveat that I haven't really eaten red meat in over 11 years, I tried a bit of my mom's steak and it was actually very good, although the 9 ounces was a little daunting to order on my own. Not to mention the 14 ounce behemoth that my little brother ordered. All of the steaks looked lovely on the plates, cooked exactly as ordered, and accompanied by a port wine demi glace that took the richness of the meat into decadence.
I had crab cakes with a mango chutney, and they were tasty and surprisingly light, so delicate that they fell apart beneath my fork. They had a nice citrus edge from the lemon wedges accompanying them, and the minisculely cubed bits of mango and other fruit. My boyfriend, who also does not eat beef, ordered the chicken parmigiana and we were both a bit shocked when it came out. It was not just chicken parmigiana, it was an entire PLATE of it. Literally, an entire plate covered from end-to-end in chicken. It looked a little like a small pizza. But that also tasted very good, there was just no way one person could tackle that on their own.
The sides were also great. We ordered the three cheese potatoes, which did not last long at all, the asparagus with garlic and oil, and the wild mushrooms, which I think were my favorite--a nice assortment with a good earthy heft. The dessert tray almost gave me a heart attack when they brought it out--they show you the actual portion size, and the six-layer-cakes (chocolate and carrot) were so gargantuan that they actually looked like they just took a cake and quartered it and served one of the portions. We tried the key lime pie and the cheesecake, and after all that food, it felt a little unnecessary, but split between everyone was a nice, sweet, custardy finish.
Basically, don't come to the Palm unless you are on a totally empty stomach, are prepared to take some food home with you, or would like to feel like a glutton. I can't really see myself coming back here on my own (namely because it's super pricey and I don't really have the stomach capacity for this on a regular basis), but for special occasions, especially those involving old-fashioned dads, I could definitely see myself recommending it.