The crabs legs that are on sale are a waste of time so I didn't buy them. I just brought swiss teas for .99cents.With the closest Trader Joes and Whole foods being in Center City. The next supermarket is at 6th and Berks and the next closest to that is at Broad and Glenwood ave. Progress plaza has been there probably since I've been born. The supermarket I remember there was a Thriftway. And that wasn't anything to boast of. Fresh Grocer gives the neighborhood (especially Temple students) an in between market that meets the needs of the demographic. Can't rave over the place, but it's definitely convenient in comparison to the other stores that are at greater city block range.CHECK YOUR PRODUCE AND MEAT BEFORE BUYING IT. Several occasions I have come home to realize my berries or steaks were rotting. I patronize the "Fresh" Grocer purely out of convenience.this is the worst fresh grocery i ever been to. Cashier at  the token/money order  section is very ignorant , she asked me what did i want ? in a very rude way !!  Not coming back to this place again, even though its close to my work and home!!Oh, The Fresh Grocer. Such a love/hate relationship we have. Like someone else mentioned, if you're shopping here it's because you have to, not because you want to. This is a convenient grocery store to get to for many local residents and Temple students. The deli meats are usually pretty fresh and the shelves are kept stocked. The staff will scan a fresh grocer card for you if you don't had one with you, and look out for the coupons they mail out- those are good. That's about where the positives end for me.
Annoying things you should know:
-When you walk in, there is a 9 out of 10 chance all the baskets will be gone so you have to go hunt for an abandoned one in a check-out line. 
-You cannot take your cart to the car, so be prepared to walk with all your bags or go with a buddy so someone can watch the food while someone gets the car
-The produce goes bad QUICKLY. For whatever reason, I buy lettuce, tomatoes, etc. here and everything is always spoiled in 2 days. I couldn't tell you why. I have this problem only here. I feel as if it may have something to do with how they store it.
-Watch out for expiration dates. They keep things on their shelf literally up until or after the date on the label.
-Some items are way over-priced. It's just the nature of the beast- things are more expensive in the city. So if you are a Temple student or someone with access to a more suburban store at other times, get whatever you can there. It saves money.
-Staff is not friendly. They will scan a fresh grocer card for you if you forget yours but don't ask for help or anything unless you want to feel very annoying.
-Avoid this place like the plague on peak hours (Saturday and Sunday afternoon, rush hour, etc.) You have the potential to be stuck in line for literally over an hour if you come at peak hours. Not worth it.I only go to this market because it's close to me. It's acceptable. It obviously heard towards Temple students. The prices are higher than most markets for any real groceries. Only things that are on sale are worth buying. If you cook meals at home this is not your market.  You pay less at a Shoprite for exactly the same thing.Don't come to this supermarket. They tow your car  immediately when you leave. You will pay for more than 200 for pick your car. Worst experience ever!This supermarket is open 24/7 and is right on the outskirts of Temple University which makes it super convenient at 4 am. 
They have a decent selection of fresh produce. I bought asparagus and apples and shallots but the mangoes were all squishy and none of the plantains were green. 
It's also helpful that they have self checkout and regular checkout open at this hour. So much better than Walmart in South Philly, ESP for lines but also for meat. 
And it may be that I'm a little girl but all of the men working there were super friendly/helpful but not creepy at this hour. Thanks!Why couldn't they open when I actually lived on campus?! Well, now I'm only a 7-minute walk from this place, so I won't complain too much. 
Finally, a grocery store at Temple! Clean and even has a food court! Can get crowded at certain times.This Fresh Grocer is transitioning into a ShopRite. I heard a rumor on a bus this was because they were too expensive. It's pretty much the same right now, except that they've added a lot of the ShopRite brands and these are mostly on special for not much money. You can still use Diamond Dollars to pay and it's still open 24/7. As far as your average supermarket chain goes, I'm okay with ShopRite, and it's nice to not have to go to the 7/11 if you need groceries while on campus, but we'll see what this one is like after the dust has settled.Not fresh at all. Couldn't find green onions/scallions for last 1 week. 2 star only because it is convenient.I've recently decided to use this location's grocery delivery service because I often times have to purchase large amount of groceries and pet supplies and I don't have a car.  I placed my order on Friday evening and scheduled it to be delivered today between 9am-12pm.  It took them until 1:40pm to get my out for delivery.  
My order finally arrive at 2:35pm! They sent me the wrong kind of cat litter (non-scoopable), wrong dry cat food and the order is missing several cans of wet cat food.  Now I have to find a friend or pay a cab to drag 2 large bags of cat litter for a refund!  Thank goodness I didn't have any produce in my order. 
Avoid this service like the plague if you actually have places to go as was unfortunately the case for me today!   Not only I will not be using this service again I will not be shopping at that location.  I also have half a mind to return my whole order in return for them not only wasting my day but screwing up my order on top of it.  I'll try my luck with Fresh Direct next time.This Fresh Grocer is alright. I usually find everything that I need. Kind of disappointed in their "fresh" seafood selection. No salmon fillets wheresoever. They do have salmon steaks, but I'm picky. If you want a cheap quick meal, their $4.99 rotisserie chicken is tempting... don't get anything from the hot foods section; the meats are usually overcooked/tough!
If you sign up for a card and get their emails, you usually get a free offer each week for an item....can be anything: pasta, frozen food, plates...
Lines are awful! Go to self-checkout if you can (and are competent enough).Sad that this is the closest supermarket accessible by SEPTA (Cecil B Moore Stop on the Broad Street Line). 
In terms of prices and variety - pretty middling for a place that is as gargantuan as this. 
Whole Foods has the reputation of being much more expensive. And while that's true for its organic products, much of the produce offered at WF is cheaper than at Fresh Grocer. 
That is just sad ... 
Case in point ... Bananas - 69 cents / lb @ WF vs. 79 cents / lb @ Fresh Grocer. 
Besides that ... it will fulfill your basic grocery needs - just keep in mind - might not be the best deal out there!When I first came to Temple, it was more than an inconvenience to have nowhere to go grocery shopping except 7-11.  Fortunately, The Fresh Grocer opened up right across the street from my dorm by the end of my first semester as a newly-transferred student, so there was indeed hope that I would be able to at least buy what I needed to cook in what little of a kitchenette I had (if you count a microwave, stovetop, and sink).  So many options too!  What with all your grocery essentials PLUS deli, bakery, seafood, gelato and SUSHI???  Sign me up!Fresh grocer is in the area. I can depend on fresh grocer when all of the stores close. On Christmas, fresh grocer closed at 5:30, but there was a man standing outside at 5:18 saying fresh grocer closed and didn't let anyone in. I understand you close at 5:30, but do not inconvenience me because you took it upon yourself to not allow people in the door because you were closing early. Super rude!This review is for the sandwich section of the deli. It was hands down the best sub I've had and I've had some good ones. One hole sub can feed 4 people. It's loaded with meat and very good. It's my go to spot for subs now. My previous spot was Carmen's in Bellmawr NJ but they can't compete with The Fresh Grocer's sandwiches.My first time here is today a rainy day... yeah me and Temple University area have been apart quite a while. I honestly love this new place. Never was here when I was here at Temple. This place was empty unattractive plaza and now is the total opposite. Why I like this place...(despite the cars all over the small busy parking lot), a lot of selections and that I like. Options keep me from buying the same thing every week. Instead  I want to come back to try something new & that doesn't make shopping feel like a chore. I get bored easily so I jump from neighborhood to neighborhood and state to state if I have to just to shop. I like the layout of this store so far. It is more like a feeling I got in this store, that I will like it here. (I never got that feeling so much at the store location at Penn.)
 I'm not sure if all the fruits or organic or not since Im still new to this organic thing. But I'm testing out organic meats today. I like how the meats look fresh and are packaged. It is twice or almost triple the price of the cheapest groceries I've been to. But my guy tells me if I eat non organic when I will not have control on my blood pressure and cholesterol. So I'm trying to change my food choices to all Organic but I can not do it immediately just little by little. If be lucky to get to 50/50. So back to options, I feel there is more variety here. And I like variety whether it is more healthy conscious snacks or whatever. So far so good. As long as the choices keep me entertained and reading labels I will be back. The grocery store is like a bookstore to me where I read labels and covers. Great addition to the neighborhood. Lines were empty on a rainy day and that's when I'm out shopping. I guess I will review this place again when I am here a second time on my shopping adventures. PS. I saw a radio shack and Payless nearby and paint shop (Sherwin Williams?).Not a bad neighborhood market.  First, unlike stores in the suburbs, you have a space constraint.  This grocery store does a good job with the limited space it has, carries the major stuff.  Yes it's crowded but what do you expect it is the only option in the neighborhood.  I am close to the whole foods but sorry I can't afford the 400a week you need to shop at "whole checks".  Sales are good, same sales as shoprite.  Meats are the same quality.People complain of this place being packed and that's for good reason. They have great produce for all price points. Amazing and quick deli counter with  almost too many options. No wonder why people flock in droves to this Fresh GrocerHours are good , they have decent prepared food, the atmosphere is very much a product of its environment , feel as if the staff is reluctant to be helpful towards a bunch of transplanted kids in north philly  , but don't take it from me , Go be treated like shit first hand .I like this grocery store because it offers a diverse neighborhood a chance to get good produce and a variety of items when such has been lacking in the southend of North Philly for a long time. I'm afraid that the reason it's hear is because of Temple University, but it serves a much larger community. I'm proud to come here. It's as good as an big box grocery store in the suburbs.I used to work basically in the same location or rather plaza when it was Super Fresh. I visited the store very early on a Sunday to scoop up some goodies for my bus ride back to Atlanta. I was so happy to see some items that I had been missing living in Atlanta. The store had a lot of fresh goods to choose from. There were sales galore. People are friendly. What is there to lose in this store? Nothing. It was has some of everything you could ask for and then some. I just regret not being able to get a fresh made hoagie while I was in town. I hear Fresh Grocer has some super good hoagies. Keep up the good work as this grocery store is needed in North Philadelphia.This place is always super disorganized, and if the lady at customer service was even the slightest bit of nice and didn't give me $40 in singles, I probably wouldn't bother writing this. Fresh grocer display is selling marijuana pipes on coffee mugs that say "wake and bake", and " I like coffee and weed, but mostly weed." I don't even think they know they are selling drug paraphernalia. On the way out I told them I was so happy and asked if they would be selling water pipes and vape pens soon. They had no idea they had them in the store. Idiots must manage his store.If you're shopping here, it's because you have to. I can see being a bit thrown off if you're walking in here as a freshman, but as a seasoned Temple student...I'm here to tell you: it's not so bad. Here's what I've found through shopping here:
You will be able to find everything you need here, but a lot of it will be more expensive than it would be at other grocery stores (Superfresh). Luckily, most of the cashiers will be kind enough to scan their member card for you if you don't have one or forgot yours, so you can still get discounts.
I would say avoid the pre-cooked refrigerated shrimp here. Or be very careful about the sell by dates in general. The produce is all good, not a huge selection, but good. I gave this grocery store 3 stars because it is A-OK. If you live nearby, it's satisfactory.
Honestly, it can be a little uncomfortable shopping here. So here's another tip for shopping at Fresh Grocer...go early! Less waiting in checkout lines, too.Words can't describe how happy I am that this is no longer my local grocery store. The cashiers always had bad attitudes so I often times opted for self checkout but somehow that always turned into a long process as well. It's almost impossible to make a "quick stop" in here because it was always packed. 
The only good thing about this place was the decent sales compared to the grocery store that I go to now.I go here only because it's close to work.  And the prices are decent, but the horrible management is going to keep me away for good.
There are never shopping baskets at the front of the store.  Never.
The lines at this store get so crazy long that I question the staffing practices.  And how do you close down the only express lane when there are literally close to 100 people waiting to check out across all lanes.
There's potential here, but it's wasted.This is a very nice place. Brand new shiny and sparkly. Much nicer than the one I usually go to in university city. However I have doubts about how long it will stay shiny and clean. That area is pretty crazy up there. It always just seems like half college kids and half crooks. 
Granted the one in university city is the same demographic but I think temple kids and north Philly thugs are a little scarier than Penn kids and west Philly thugs. That's neither here nor there. It's a nice looking store like I said. Campared to this new one the university city store looks dirty and old and run down. Which makes me think that once upon a time, it too was shiny and new so it's only a matter of time. We will see. 
I'm giving it four out of five stars because it's a nice place to shop and the employees were helpful. The reason why the fifth star isn't happening is because of the hours and the coffee selection. Open till 12 instead of 24/7. Bummer. And no coffee bean area with a little buffet and the bags so you can grind and mix it yourself. Bummer. University city store has both features. Why'd they change the hours and the coffee?!I love this place.  They sell 2 ft hoagies for only $10.99!  They are not shy with their meat either.  After they  wrap it up they slice it for you into 6 individual sandwiches.  Also the employees that work in the meat market in the back are super friendly.  They know how to hook up some seafood.  I ordered snow crab legs, shrimp and mussles steamed in butter and old bay seasoning.  Finger licking good!They did have stuffed and regular salmon fillets today = 1 more star.Worst place ever. 
1. Homeless people allowed to roam and ask for stuff. 
2. Workers either on phones or yapping and won't move
3. People allowed to hang out in entrance and harass others. 
Scared for daughter at school. 
No one cares or takes pride. People allowed to park in no parking zones. 
Never go back. Will bring things from homeThe cashiers and management are not properly trained in coupon usage. On multiple visits, I have been held up in line from 20 to 45 minutes while the cashiers and management who try to figure out how or could they apply coupons to my order. The lack of knowledge lead to the cashiers and management to become belligerent and confrontational with me. I contacted the Wakefern Corp and Shoprite corporation multiple times with no remedy and further poor customer service at Fresh Grocer. I cancelled my last order and decided not to support a supermarket with such a non professional and disrespectful staff. Customer service is at an all time low at this store.Employees are rude and refuse to help with anything. I was waiting at the cafe while a worker was sitting to the table next to it and refused to acknowledge I was there. When I asked her if I can get coffee, she mumbled something and then aggressively told me she was on break. Everything is overpriced for an area with college students as well.Ratchet and they have little selection of international/ethnic cusine. Try to avoid it at all costs however it's convinient they are open 24 hoursCheck the dates on produce and most items bought edamame that was 27 days expired and they wouldn't let me return it.This is a love/HATE relationship with me.  This store is the closest supermarket to my home, but i will actually get in my car and drive to the Shoprite on Aramingo Avenue than come in here.  Even after they changed to align with Shoprite, the experience is still subpar.  When I absolutely have to come in here, late night work and Shoprite will be closed by the time I get there, I come here, only because they are 24/7 facility.  And then I pray that I don't have to ask any "employees" a question because they either give you the blank stare of stupidity or the ghetto attytood.  And even after they became a subdivision of Shoprite, their prices are still higher.  This store was ONLY bought to this location to service TEMPLE, not the neighborhood.  To be quite frankly, if I can't make it to Shoprite, I move along to the other neighborhood store which is Cousin's supermarket, 5th & Berks St.Before I say anything negative, I have to say that a grocery store in this area was much needed. Provides mostly fresh fruits and veggies to that area of Philadelphia versus the local corner store. So thumbs up for that. 
BUT I would rather go somewhere else. 
1. lines were long... and even if there were 3 of us in line it took forever
2. cashier was inept (kept asking me "what is this?" and i would say things like "lettuce" or "corn" etc... i mean, I know I'm not your FIRST customer, I've been in line this whole time)
3. NO PAPER BAGS i.e. killing me with the ridiculous amounts of plastic bags. I like to rely on the paperbags from the grocery store because we do all our recycling those bags. So that sucked. Makes me hate them kinda.
4. Couldn't bring our cart to the car because it had those metal upsidedown U shaped barriers to prevent shoppers from stealing the carts. So we had to pull the car up front and it was just a lot of unnecessary traffic in front of the store because of that. Poor planning.
5. My peaches went bad in 2 days. Riddle me that. 
6. Kinda of an expensive place for that area. Boo. 
SighThis place is /the/ supermarket to go to in the Temple area. I say this, not because Fresh Grocer has cheap prices and a wide variety, but because it is currently the /only/ supermarket in the Temple area.
That said, this place is really not that bad. Although it seemingly caters to lower income consumers (think college students), the produce is generally fresh, as is the seafood and butchers. On one side, they have a great deli/sushi/chinese food kind of thing, which is great especially during late hours when the price is cut. Great for poor college students who can't hold high standards for quality of food. They have my favorite yogurts and salad dressings. They also have shampoo, trash bags, basic hygiene products, house hold cleaning supplies, and lots and lots of munchie snacks!
My complaints would be that not everything is super fresh - bought strawberries that were already starting to mold (not visible from the outside), and I wanted to buy tomatos but they were swarmed with fruit flies. Yuck. The workers are also generally sparse - hard to get a helping hand.We arrived here about 8:20pm and the deli closes at 9:00pm. There were only two employees behind the counter, but only one was making hoagies. It's 9:40pm and we are still waiting for the ONE guy to finish making our sandwiches. I asked why the manager doesn't step in to help and some guy (possibly a manager) interrupted to tell us that everyone finishes their own tickets no matter how many sandwiches they have to make. We drove from Maryland to Philly to get these sandwiches. The sandwiches are so good we'll be back. Even though this experience is truly jacked up! Bad management doesn't change the quality of the food -luckily. Plus this one guy is doing everything that he can to get us out the door all on his own, because it takes a while to get four 2 foot long sandwiches made. 
Lack of customer focus is the only reason why I didn't give them a five star rating. We will be back later to post some pictures.Coming from a place of an undergrad in the early 2000's, Temple U campus was a food desert. Having a grocery store being so close to campus is practically a Godsend. That being said ... there's not much I can add to the less than 3 star reviews. Except perhaps you should always ALWAYS check expiration dates on the food here (fresh or boxed). It could be the turnover - which is hard for me to believe since the place is always packed - so it's more likely the employees. Same goes for the produce, which I'd rather just avoid altogether. After two pieces of produce on two separate occasions being rotten in the middle (gross), I'll be getting my veggies elsewhere from now on.Stopped in one evening to purchase a hot platter as one of the lady workers was shifting hot pans around from one side to the other to start cleaning up. She took my order then proceeded to pick up the meat with her HANDS instead of properly using tongs! I said never mind and exited. Poor handling of food and unprofessional. Place is so ghetto!The store is not organized,never can find anyone to help u on the floor,cashiers are very disrespectful if you ask them a question sometimes they don't even give you a answer,the upfront person is nasty.only time the stock and shelves are full is when it's food stamp time. I could go on and on.The worst supermarket in existence. Produce is never fresh and everything is a chaotic mess. The deli counter has no number system so everyone just stands around and pushes their way to the front of the line. Usually have to wait 10+ minutes since you will most likely get cut by pushy ignorant people. Clear animosity towards Temple students from all angles- especially employees. Not as many food options. Save yourself the trouble and go elsewhere. The Korean mini market on 16th and Cecil is a good substitute and has fresh produce and all types of goodies. Support local businesses and not this corporate dump.This is not a Wegman's or Whole Foods or Trader Joes (oh how I wish there were these stores around). However this is owned by the same company that owns ShopRite. 
Good: 
- The only decent grocery store in Templetown, which is quite sad. So needless to say, I am told that this store is always busy. 
- hot food bar/prepared meals (American food, Chinese food)
- Small sushi counter
- Deli counter
- hot soup counter (4 different types of soups)
- large grocery store
- pretty decent vegetarian sushi rolls
Bad: 
- pretty busy most of the times, I am told
- not a lot of organic fruits and vegetables
Ugly: nothing
Pro-tip: go either before or after lunch hour to avoid lot of crowds and long checkout lines.So, I was VERY excited when they opened the Fresh Grocer right by Temple.  I had been ordering my groceries online all year and I was happy to have a reasonably priced grocery store so close.  That being said.. it only took 4 shopping trips for me to decide that convenience wasn't my highest priority. 
On the first 2 occasions I had at wait in line for 10-15 min for who knows what reason.  Good thing I wasn't in a rush!  The next time I tried the self-checkout line, but that wasn't much better.
The third time I bought artichokes.. The cashier didn't know what they were.  Even though it's a funny story to tell, the fact that I had to wait another 5 min (on top of the 15 already waited) for a manager to verify what type of "exotic" vegetable they were was kind of ridiculous.
So, my 4th visit was the one that put me over the edge.  I was doing a quick grocery shopping trip and luckily I got through the line in less than 5 min.  Unfortunately when I got home I realized that the sour cream I bought was 2 weeks old.  That's right.. They had a product on their shelf that was 2 WEEKS OLD!  They had only been open for 2 months, so that sour cream had probably been there since their opening.
So, the story gets even worst.  I normally wont take the effort to return something that costs $3-4, BUT how do you name yourself the "Fresh Grocer" and sell something that's 2 WEEKS past the expiration date?!?  I called immediately and was told to come back in the next few days.  I went back the next day and got a VERY CHILLY reception from the manager.  He didn't even acknowledge that there was something wrong.. he just sent me to customer service.  I was pretty upset, so I asked for headquarters phone number.  The customer service person didn't know it.. Can you believe that??  So I went and asked the manager who told me to look at a newsletter.  WOW.  I called headquarters, they apologized and said they'd get back to me but never did. 
Although I'm not in a position to pay a premium on food, I will not be shopping at the "Fresh Grocer" anymore.  If you do CHECK THE LABLES ALWAYS.. as for me.. it's all about Whole Foods for the next 2 years..I may be an elite, snotty little a-hole, but this place is a joke... First of all, Big Brother wants you to know they have their eye on you as soon as you walk into the place with an A/V room right at the entrance showing every nook and cranny of the store. Guys, I know you want to keep your losses to a minimum with the theft and the damage, but if you're so afraid of this, why did you open this place to begin with? 
Now, when you actually get into the store itself, your first impression will be "Wow... This place is pretty big... They must have a wide selection of groceries." bzzzz! They do have a nice selection of generic items, but it's nothing different than any other store. If you're looking for, saaaay canned chipotles or vegetable bullion cubes (not the rarest of items, mind you), you'll have to bundle up for the hike to Callowhill Whole Foods because it will not find those items here. To make matters worse, the items that both places DO have seem to be MORE expensive here.. Namely Newman's brand items or just plain veggie broth. Why is this? All of the sudden Whole Paycheck, which I'm not a huge fan of either, sounds like the deal of the day..... That's really saying something.
With all that said, the one good thing about this place is that it happens to have a REDBOX.Living near Temple University's campus, I often resort to grocery shopping at Fresh Grocer. Although the selection is good, I often find myself taking the extra haul to either Trader Joe's, SuperFresh, or Wegmans (in Cherry Hill) to take advantage of better prices. Others have mentioned having a love/hate relationship with this store and I concur. The store is in a convenient location but the prices and attitudes of employees have room for improvement. I will be back-- but only when I don't have time to travel to one of Philly's finer supermarkets.The meat there is rotten, I bought turkey wings and when I got them home to cook the bone was black and the meat it self smelled bad, never again. and you must watch the date on they stuff you will end up with something out dated. I will never buy meat from there again.. the only thing there that is any good is their deli counter because it is moving all of the time because of their hogies..Its always crowded the deli line is crazy long the coinstar wasn't working i prefer the one on monument rd.Compared to the stores at 40th street and Lasalle, this store has a HUGE problem....Its employees!! It would have been nice to hire some campus students but it seems like they hired the "I need to work to collect my benefits" crowd. (You can overhear them telling each other their personal stories about who's check got cut off, etc..) The set up is typical Fresh Grocer and prices are little higher unless its on sale but they do have a better presentation the average store. My one experience will help you decide to stay away or not.  I recently ordered one of their "Meal Deals" which gives you a Entree such as Chicken, Ham, Ribs, Meatloaf, etc, and 3 sides.  This day I ordered 2 of them and waited for the next employee to help me.  She asked who was next and I raised my hand and said me. She then got louder and said "Who's Next..........Huhhh!!!"  Hello, ME!  I told her I had 2 meal deals and she proceeded to fix my sides for one. I said I have two. She got and attitude again and then fixed my sides for the second one, Then tried to pick up everything in both arms and.........dropped 3 of my sides!!  Even though they were wrapped in plastic wrap they were dented on the side.  I told her i did not want those sides she dropped on the floor! "It aint like they opened up!!.. Look somebody else help him cause I aint got time for this!!" I got my cell phone and started taking video of her tirade!  I asked her why would she serve me some thing that dropped on the floor. "You act like it spilt' (spilled) out n shit! It didnt even spill out!" Wow Nice language! Never Again, but I appreciate the nice Facebook video she made for me!I agree that the service is terrible (I am pretty sure one of the cashiers I encountered was even in middle school once), but it's not too bad once you overlook that. This Fresh Grocer has pretty much everything you would need from room decorations, basic supermarket products, a hot food station, etc. It seems clean. A big plus is that it's near Temple University and the students can use their virtual money, diamond dollars, there. It's also open 24 hours making it a good place to make a quick run to if you ever need anything. Definitely not the best place, but not the absolute worst either!High Prices and rude workers don't know what else to say but it's convenient when you need something! 
Tip: 7 Day Return Policy!!!They have thee worst customer service. A lot of the employees just have terrible attitudes.Lemme tell you. They have self checkouts and they're muchhhhh easier than going to a cashier. I don't know if it's the weed the hours or the drugs but the black male cashiers got a RUDE ASS ATTITUDE. No hello no goodbye. Just zip. I don't care if you have an issue working there don't give ME THE COSTUMER an attitude. They're nice to their own folks but not the temple students where most of their money is coming from. 
Temple students: you can use your student id here. Before thought as soon as you tell an employee you wish to pay with your diamond dollars get ready for a heavy breath and an eye roll. The effort it takes them to walk 5 steps for an override is quite stressful for them . The black girl cashiers are a bit better but still fulllll of attitude. 
Not my issue you work there 
MANAGERS, do better. 
Better to go to Trader Joe's or anywhere else in the city.The best thing about this place is they sell food. Yay. Each time I go, the employees I interact with are horrendous and it seems like they don't care about their jobs or the customers.  For example, I asked the guy stocking dairy (who left pallets all over the floor btw) for an item and I thought his eyes were going to roll out of his head. God forbid he had to end his phone conversation to help me! And in the checkout line, the cashier continually scanned items that were not mine (even after telling her multiple times) and was giving me 'tude when I asked her to remove items from my bill. I tried really hard to support you, Fresh Grocer. Your food is decent, and its in a convenient location, but I'd rather shop somewhere where I can get the assistance I need and people are pleasant. Never again.Fresh Grocer is pretty cool. I like that it is open 24/7. The food is also pretty cheap compared to Acme. During the school year it is the best place for Temple students to shop. During the day time look for the truck on the other side of the parking lot. It sells produce at a fraction of the priceYou really have to wonder how viable a high end grocer is in such a transitioning neighborhood... When you walk in, you get a full glimpse of the surveillance center which has over 25 screens displaying every isle. I had the opportunity to see the manager discussing an individual in isle 8 with the security guard. A little creepy and I can't help but wonder if seeing the security screens is a deterrent to those who may shop lift... 
The quality of the produce is amazing, even if it is $2-$3 more per pound than Super Fresh - hard to imagine since Super Fresh is way overpriced. The seafood selection was on par with Whole Foods. The isle were clean, even if they were a bit crowded. The lighting is a little weird too - dim where you need to read labels, bright over the produce hastening the ripening of fruits, and mid-level by the cash registers. The staff is... Um, how to say this diplomatically??? Well, they are not the most polished nor eloquent individuals, but extremely helpful. 
I did have the misfortune of listening to one customer in the checkout line use every profanity under the sun, while screaming at the cashier "don't slam my mother f*@%ing eggs again, bitch". And the triad continued for about 10 minutes until a front-end manager intervened. So the clientele can be a little rough, but make for great entertainment. 
Two bonuses - a large parking lot and the store is 24/7.Just went shopping here. Normally I do not have issues, besides the crowds and long wait times in line (which is to be expected due to it being located on a college campus ). Well today I was made to feel very uncomfortable and like a criminal. In my groceries I had 3- 24pks of bottled water. I informed the cashier before she began to ring my items, I even asked if she needed one of them on the belt and she said no. Well as I was walking out I was stopped by a woman in the front and asked if the cashier saw my waters. I informed her of what I said to the cashier as well as the cashier's response. She went on to tell me I did not have "paid" stickers and needed to see my receipt.  I handed her the receipt with no problem. So come to find out, the female cashier never rang up the waters. The woman who stopped me mentioned something to the cashier and the cashier acted as if she had no idea so i walked up and stated,  it's me, I just told you I had 3 waters.  She stood there with a stupid look on her face (mind you I was the last person she rung up). The woman starts screaming across the front "make sure ya'll check B.O.B" I guess that means check people's carts and bottom racks. Don't make it out as if I attempted to steal because your cashier screwed up! So the woman rang the waters, put stickers on them, and that was that. As I was walking out she screamed the same previous statement again. I wanted to snap and say "B#!*&, nobody is stealing, it's not that deep. You need to check your stupid ass cashier" but decided I would keep walking. Just don't make me look like something I am not, and I'm no thief!Not sure why this location of this popular grocery chain is so dismal. Oh wait, the cashiers are rude & angry! I have yet to encounter anyone working here who is pleasant. Except a man who appeared to be management. He said "hello" to everyone he passed. Meanwhile the cashiers act as if you're bothering them when you're trying to make a purchase. If you have a problem being pleasant, you probably shouldn't seek a job where you come in contact with people. 
If you're a friendly cashier working here, I really do apologize but I've never seen you. The place needs an employee overhaul. Only the pleasant need apply.Um, I was ushered to a self-checkout that didn't work, so the attendant had to manually advance the screens for me. Then, my receipt printed to HIS receipt printer and -- get this, the injustice of all injustices -- he had to HAND IT TO ME.
He was visibly upset. Nowhere in the training manual did it say his duties included "assisting customers" and certainly not "with a smile."
And I feel for him, I really do.
This place has groceries, and that's good. But the people who work here bring me down, and that sucks. I try to interact minimally.This is the nearest grocery store to my house since I live in the Fairmount/Art Museum area.  It is always busy and always packed.  As other reviews have mentioned it is the closest grocery store to Temple.  It is packed with college students.  The wrong night to go on is a Sunday night because you will be waiting in line for ever.  Since they "merged" with Shoprite the Self Checkout lanes are gone which equals even longer lines.  I rather drive to ShopRite on Synder instead of dealing with lots of crowds and low inventory.  The prices are not bad in this store at all either.   They run great sales on their produce section.When it comes to the ol' Fro Gro, my words of advice to you are this: good luck. Just, good luck.
1) Good luck: finding anything. I'm pretty sure they reorganize their aisles on a bi-weekly basis. Just when you've (finally) tracked down the Ketchup and go in feeling confident that you'll find it again, it moved. "Somewhere," says an employee. "Maybe aisle 9. I don't know."
2) Good luck: getting around. Fresh Grocer turns into the proverbial zoo past 4PM daily. Avoid at all costs on weekends. Lines back up into the aisles, leaving no room for shoppers to move through the main lane in front of the checkout stations. You are perpetually in the way. They've even begun hiring staff to herd people like cattle through the solid throng of people. This may have something to do with the fact that Temple is taking on more students than it can handle and is pretty much bursting at the seams, but hopefully other grocery chains will take note of this problem and move in to TempleTown (I'm looking at you, Giant. Or Wegmans. You guys would make a killing here.)
3) Good luck: finding fresh produce. And check it for bugs. Always. 
4) Good luck: asking anyone for help. See number 1. 
5) Good luck: finding makeup? It doesn't sell any makeup. This is bizarre to me - maybe because makeup is usually the most-stolen item at grocery stores? Good thing there's a Rite-Aid across the street so I can get my mascara.
Aw, man. I want to say good things about the Fresh Grocer, but the only three compliments I can muster are: it's less than 10 feet from my house, it's the only major grocery store in TempleTown, and nearly all the prepared food goes on crazy sale after 9PM daily. That's about it, though. Sigh.The produce is almost always rotten. I shop here out of convenience. The prices are pretty cheap compared to other stores though.it's about time i review this place. so here's the problem: i can't afford to do all my grocery shopping at places like whole foods. i can't stand the layout of my local whole foods. fresh grocer has a better parking lot (easier to maneuver). when i'm heading home from work, and i know i need some items, i head to this store.
be aware that on food stamp day this place is swarming... oh and the temple students will probably buy all the better tasting frozen meals.Shopper Beware make sure your check your food at any station you buy at this Market. I went to fresh grocer today to pick up some water they had on sale which was Poland Springs or Deer Park 3 for $9 and pick up lunch for my husband. He wanted a 2 footer chicken salad hoagie and the price went up $14.00. That was okay but the young guy that was waiting on me seem like he did not want to be there. Some of these young people don't want to work  they need not to waste their time and let someone else work the really need a job. He should've stayed home. After he had finished the Hoagie. I order a turkey Hoagie with cheese which was $7.99 for the small one the young man proceeded to cut my wheat roll went over to a storage bin you  know the one you put clothes and socks in to get my lunch meat and it was already cut. That was gross now you know that they don't have any ventilation so why the hell would you have cut lunch me in a storage bin. People need to call the health department on the lunch meat/ sandwich department because it is very unsanitized. Thank God I was paying attention and I saw him take that nasty  turkey  out of a hot sweaty Ben  my husband or me would 've been sick. I ask him that to cut me some fresh meat. After he slice me fresh lunchmeat he put the sandwich together. I realized did he make me a honey turkey or smoked turkey but it was okay because it was fresh lunch meat. So my husband took the tuckey one and left the chicken salad at home to share with his brother tomorrow but I'm taking it back and get my money back. The health department need to go through each department that has food at Fresh Grocer to make sure that people are not getting sick. And I will be calling when I get home. The Broad Street Fresh Grocer is a low end  store if you look at other neighborhood you will see that their are ran better and the food is much better the one in the park way is much better. I will never go back their to get any food that they are making and check the dates on everything. But the health Department is going to be called. Consumer beware of this Fresh Grocer if you get a hoagie and get sick is because they have old lunch meat even if you look at the lunchmeat trays they don't look fresh either. And sometimes their meat is outdated and look brown. Just be careful and check all dates, smell and look at the color of your food. A lesson learned.Fresh Grocer is good for some things, but it's too expensive for me to do the bulk of my shopping. I usually go there for a couple essentials because when it comes to stuff like bagels and olive oil the prices tend to be the same everywhere. 
One thing that makes me very happy is that they sell Cacia's bread for 99 cents, so that I don't have to worry about going all the way to South Philly to get some good bread!
I don't completely hate Fresh Grocer but I'd never buy meat or produce there. Only yuppies can afford that.Deals on deals. Large quantity of food selection similar to Whole Foods without the whole paycheck. Checkout was fast because they have several lines open and two self checkouts. I will be back every Sunday for my monthly groceries.I don't have a car and live in the temple area so it makes sense to grocer here.  They always have sriracha near the beef which is nice.  I always get confused how there isles change and work.  I could not find eggs? I hate the self check out because the machines aren't smart.  Lots of goya though.  I like eating in the back cafe area and then shopping. plus plus.UPDATE: apparently the rogue email that I received from "customer service" must be for show because I have replied to their request to contact me and no one, absolutely no one has been in contact with me. For a minute there I thought...oh they replied faster than they make hoagies, but so much for that. I can safely come to the conclusion that that reply was only for show and others who use yelp to see that they care when in actuality they don't. The comment that I made in my earlier post about lack of customer focus is the same reason why I am giving this one star. I actually hope that I could give zero stars. Customers, my suggestion to you is to be patient, because the people behind the counter are not the problem. Don't forget to tip them.It's close to my new apartment.  Good selection of items, even Spam Singels.Avoid this grocery store at ALL costs. I DREAD coming here and the only reason I do is because of cheaper prices which I'm not so sure of now. You're almost guaranteed to have a bad experience when you come here. 
No matter the time of day, this place is always mobbed. I've tried to come at every normal hour during the day with the same results. The self checkout lines become so long they block the aisles and it's impossible to even move in the store. The self checkout machines never function properly so it also takes forever to get through the checkout process. 
During my most recent visit, I found that MANY meats were on the shelves over a week past their sell buy date. I couldn't even buy a particular kind because all of the ones put out were past the sell buy date. That's gross and irresponsible, especially considering it's meat. When I picked up a package of pork, I found that it was covered in a red slimy substance and then I noticed that the whole shelf was covered with it. 
It's sad to say but I will probably keep shopping here because it is 5 minutes from my house and an easy drive. I can't wait until the day I live 5 minutes from a regular grocery store.Not the worst grocery store I've been to must definitely not close to being the best. They have a pretty good selections of food. I typically come here when I m looking for cultural ingredients because they store plenty. The employees can bit a bit unfriendly at times, ESPECIALLY the front of store managers, but I've stopped paying it any mind and really don't expect much assistance from them anymore. It's nice that they have a transportation van (or they did when I was in college) that will bring you and your groceries home if you live in the area, not still sure if they do it but it was definitely a plus. If you're looking for better produce and a larger organic and healthier eating selection, head over to the Fresh Grocer on Monument Ave, its a better experience overall over at that one.My experience here was total horrible the rube and ignore cashier and how he walked into me and grip your arm. I report him and no follow up by Management the store is a waste of my time.If you want a quick & smooth trip come either before 10am or after 7pm. Always ridiculously long lines with minimal cashiers.