A casual spot with the usual suspects for food. Enjoyed sitting outdoors in the summer to people watch alongside my Macho Mary.As a Fairmount resident, I feel I have ventured to every well known bar in my amazing neighborhood. However, The Bishop's Collar is NOT, I repeat, NOT one of them. I have been to this bar numerous times and the staff, frankly, are just a**holes and dicks. The waitresses seriously need an attitude adjustment and the bartenders needs to learn some people skills. But please, let me share with you the WORST experience I've ever had at a restaurant. 
Myself and two of my friends went to Bishop's Collar one Sunday afternoon while the Made In America festival was going on only a few blocks away. My friends and I sat outdoors and were greeted in a relatively quick manner. We order our beers and two of us order some food. My friend is vegetarian mind you, so he orders the "Veggie Wrap" while I order the "Grilled chicken breast with cheese and guac". The sandwiches come out and I go to take a bite. Keep in mind, I've been to this bar a lot and have had this sandwich many times. The sandwich barely had any chicken on it at all and no guacamole to be seen. So, both my friends agree I should send it back. I'm typically not "that" guy to complain at restaurants, but dude, I was hungry that night. So, the terrible server takes my sandwich away, shows no sympathy, and almost in a Spicoli accent says, "Sorry dude". So, while I'm waiting for my sandwich to return, my buddy continues eating his wrap. He comes to an abrupt stop and looks at both of us as he gags out a HUGE piece of chicken. My veggie buddy has a very big allergy to any kind of meat and makes him vomit, hence why he is a veggie. So, I'll leave out the graphic language, but needless to say, he was not pleased. A server who wasn't even ours came over and probed about what the issue was. My friend pointed out the obvious and stated he didn't even want another because he was so physically sick...
Meanwhile, my sandwich FINALLY makes it back out to me with mountains of chicken on it. I'm pretty pleased with the way it looks. Covered in cheese and... Oh wait... NO GUACAMOLE. AGAIN!!! I also got a side of fries. As I pick up a fry, it is dripping oil like a wet noodle. Those fries weren't even edible. So, our server Spicoli comes back around to check on us and I state that my sandwich was made wrong... Again. So, he takes it away and comes back 10 MINUTES LATER... With just a side cup of guac. Really dude? Took you that long? COULDN'T MAKE THE SANDWICH RIGHT?... Eh, the kitchen staff probably spit or put pubes in my food. 
To bring it on home, this bar is horrible. Absolutely horrendous. I strongly suggest going to Bridgid's right up the street on 24th or the Belgium Café right on Green Street. Stay FAR FAR away from here.I like Bishop's collar for what it is- a bar with okay bar food and okay beer. I actually like it a lot more now that there is a smoking ban.
This place gets very loud when it is busy, so it isn't that great for a group of people. Weekdays, especially around lunch, are great. I like the chipotle chicken sandwich and I swear they use McDonald's fries. The roast beef is good, too, but I didn't like the quesadilla.I ate here a week or so ago while in my sister's neighborhood. This is a nice little neighborhood bar in Fairmount with a respectable beer list. Definitely something for everyone on the list and brews were cold and crisp. At the suggestion of our very friendly server we tried the steak tips sandwich which was loaded with bacon and mushrooms and had a nice garlicy mayo. The sandwich was tender and had just the right amount of ingredients. Oh and the bread they use for the sandwich is pretty awesome, but maybe I just forget the norm in Philly now living in Boston. 
Also tried the Roast Pork sandwich was pretty solid as well. Fries were a little thin but nice and crispy. The ambiance was lively but not obnoxious. Seems like a nice local watering hole with a nice mix of younger (college-aged kids) to early 40's. I would recommend this spot if you're looking for good beer and/or an enjoyable quick meal. Thanks Bishop's Collar!So happy that nachos and the quesadilla are back on the menu!!! The mushroom meatball sandwich is delicious. :)Bishop's Collar (or "the collar"... as the man-friend likes to say) is like Fairmount's modern-day Cheer's.  No matter what time of day you waltz in, there is a 99% chance you'll see someone you know.  It's got a cozy, dive bar feel yet serves up some delicious craft brews and gourmet fare.  Their Sunday brunch is no joke either, with a variety of breakfast and lunch specialties that are truly crowd pleasers.
The service is speedy and the servers and bartenders are all super friendly (although perhaps I'm a touch biased, since the man-friend knows everyone?).  Menu stand-outs for me are the chicken nachos, chicken salad sandwich and meatball sandwich.
The nachos come piled high with diced grilled chicken, salsa, guac, sour cream and copious amounts of cheese.  These are the type of nachos that you aren't sure at first how to approach, but once you dive on in you realize that the goodness goes deep into each layer.  To. Die. For.
The chicken salad sandwich has small chunks of apples mixed in, which is such a nice surprise for both texture and flavor.  It is served on super hearty bread with a choice of fries (always get the fries...) or salad.  The meatball sub is way more food than one person should consume, but somehow the plate goes back licked clean... every time.
My only complaint is that the food is on the pricier side for a Fairmount pub.  But the food is well worth it.I'll admit that I really like going to the Bishop's Collar, which is my favorite bar within walking distance of my second home (the Fairmount neighborhood). While there can sometimes be a wait for a table and while it can get REALLY PACKED on the weekend nights, they do move through pretty quickly and it's not a huge deal to hang out at the bar until something opens up.
The double gin and tonics are strong, and always made consistently: you know exactly how many to drink to straddle the line between pleasantly drunk and unpleasantly plastered. This summer they've also had the Arnold Palmer, which has become my favorite summer beverage and discovery: sweet tea infused vodka (oh. my. god.) and lemonade. They are fabulous, especially if you can manage to snag an outdoor table, enjoying the summer air and sipping on one of these. 
And although I'm not really a beer person, they have enough available that I can find something I like if I have to, and my more beer snobby friends never have problems either.
However, secretly, I like the Bishop's Collar because they have perfect, cheap, unhealthy, fantastic, filling bar food. The plate of nachos is intimidating when sober, but after a night of drinking, sharing it with a friend hits the spot. Their wings are not gristly in the least, and the hot sauce, while not quite the same as a buffalo wing, is tangy and tasty. My favorite thing MAY be the chicken chipotle sandwich, with Old Bay fries, which is an absolute steal for $6, but it's hard to choose. Usually we just end up splitting nachos and wings, because it's hard to mess with a classic combination like that.
But back to the Bishop's Collar: hits-the-spot food, great drinks, and a nice, low key evening to hang out with friends in the neighborhood.I had a good experience for my first time at bishops collar walked around the corner from my place on green and decided to pop in and see how the food was.
I got a chicken cutlet sandwich which was a recent addition to the menu with a side of fries and it was great. Hot bun perfect honey mustard. Very good for a brisk but sunny day. Washed it down with a pint of guiness and enjoyed some of the nik-naked they had behind the bar.
For 16 bucks I left incredibly happy and satisfied.
Staff was friendly and knowledgeable a good neighborhood watering hole.If you are looking for a great neighborhood bar in Fairmount to watch sports then this is a great spot for you.  The beer selection is good, the atmosphere is great for a game... basically the only missing link is the food.  Their brunch menu is not great and the overall quality of the food just isn't very high.  If dive-bar drinking is what you're after, you've found an excellent spot.  But if you want good food there are lots of other spots nearby in Fairmount that are a better bet.The bartenders here make this place awesome! All too often I go into a little hidden gem where the are is inviting and the bartenders are rude. NOT the case here! During our finals week burger and beer celebration we really enjoyed ourselves!My boyfriend tends to be exceptionally chatty with strangers and always leaves places BFF's with the bartenders/waiters/etc but, for some reason, that doesn't happen here, which surprises me, based on the other reviews.
Food and drinks were good but my two visits have been awkward.  They're only half my fault, so I'll give them that.
First trip was for dinner and beers.  Got up to use the lady's room, still sober, and waited five unnecessary minutes outside the "locked" door for an employee to tell me that the knob is just tricky and to pull hard.  Went into the surprisingly two-stall room only to feel like a complete idiot and have a funny story to tell my table upon return.
Second trip was around St Patty's Day, was definitely, admittedly FEELING IT that day.  Went to the lady's room and I laugh at myself still for waiting, yet again, for several minutes outside of the "locked" lady's room, never recalling my previous experience, only to be told, yet again, I was good to go in.  
Wishing they would just get that damn door fixed.
Not to mention, on the second trip, I sat in the barstool closest to the random step-up that "divides" the bar from the "dining room".  With my back to the dining room, I got out of my chair, turned to go outside, and fell flat on my face, completely not seeing the stair.  There was no opportunity to do so! I'm not sue-happy at all, but since it's an alcohol-serving establishment, I'm not sure how this won't be a major issue in the future, if it has not been already.  
I was also never helped up or asked if I was okay, with the exception of my group, so it's probably easy to believe I'm not crazy about BC.I met some friends here for brunch today before heading over to the art museum. It opened at 11 am and I got there at 11:15 and luckily there was one table opened that I grabbed (I think it's generally seat yourself for brunch, at least). The servers were attentive to all the tables. I ordered the strawberry blueberry cream cheese french toast, comes with scrapple or turkey bacon, home fries and a salad (I thought the salad was a strange addition for breakfast/brunch foods, but enjoyed it anyway). The fruit was fresh (not canned) and tasty, as was the french toast! There are seats at the bar, church-like pews at the tables and chairs. The place got loud as we were sitting there, so if you are with someone older and/or hard of hearing, this might not be the best choice. Clean white linens were a nice touch, too.Hit up the Collar after an event at the Franklin Institute, and it was a fantastic spot. Great beer list, friendly and chill bartenders, food seemed like it was great. Awesome atmosphere and vibe, good tunes as well. Excited to get back - thanks for a great time!This place was a standard dark, local pub. I was mildy impressed by their Chimay selection but opted for an Arnold Palmer (sweet tea vodka and lemonade). We ordered chicken nachos (that were fantastic) and hummus and pita bread that never arrived. The server must have forgot to put it in because she never noticed it was missing. 
Would I come back? Probably not because it isn't my type of hangout but I am sure it is great for the locals.The highlight of this spot is their beer selection. They always have a great variety and some obscure options that you're not afraid to try. Their wraps and fries are SUPER tasty, and there are some tasty veg options (girlfriend is vegan). Their outdoor seating is a great option and the service has always been great.If you go to the penitentiary and need a place to warm up, get a cold beer, or a quick bite to eat STOP HERE! Very friendly bartender and great atmosphere. If we are ever in Philly again, we will definitely be coming back. BTW the potato cheese soup is awesome.Highly recommend the steak tips sandwich! It was incredible. Good beer list and specials. The nachos were also great! Everything was good.I can't really judge too harshly (considering the three manmosas consumed prior to our visit). Overall it seemed like your typical bar hangout, good selection of microbrews. However, they could definitely use more tvs for a sports bar. I was able to watch the game well enough, but I think more screens would definitely be beneficial. We shared a bunch of apps from the quesadilla, buffalo chicken spring rolls, fries, etc. Nothing incredible, but tasty for sure. I'd probably venture somewhere else first, however, some of their sandwiches sound great so I'd like to try them out. Waitress was very friendly!Just a short stroll away from Rembrandt's we wondered into BC. I have been here one time
Before and had a good experience and the second time was just as good. The server was friendly and attentive. It was a beautiful day and we sat outside. It has a relaxing atmosphere and I enjoyed my ice cold beer outside. Something about being in the city on a nice day drinking a delicious IPA just makes everything seem alright in the world. Will definitely be venturing back :)I loved the place and would frequent it quite often... But, now that they changed the menu, I will not be back any time soon... I loved thier chicken nacos so much that I often got them to go.. now they have nothing like them on thier new menu... BIG MISTAKE!!!!!!! I get it if you want to change your menu, but to get rid of the best thing you have to offer is beyond me... They really missed the mark on this one..OK - three stars doesn't seem that great - but if I were selecting for food, beer, and pricing points - they deserve a 5.  The staff are equally deserving in that they are efficient - busy as they may be - that they get the orders straight and don't make you wait too long.  What pulls this place down is the damn near deafening sound levels of it inside (no wonder the outdoor seating goes so quickly).  I've been to lots of bars and I know that you can't control for those men who love to talk loudly about their exploits, favorite teams, and other BS -- so others may hear perhaps and "notice" them - but they are so boring???  And then the women who just love to hear their voices and don't care that no else is really interested in what x said to y - so that is why the 3 stars.  To counter this, may I suggest the management put something on the walls or have something hanging from the ceiling to help soften the sound decibels.  It is a technique used by many other bars, can add to a funky look, and can keep folks from shouting to be heard at their table because the sound is so loud due to the "naturally loud ones."  Food is delicious, beers are awesome, & reasonably priced with good service - just too #!* loud!I admit the first time I came here, I was not impressed. It is a small, darker bar and gets quite crowded, especially when it's nice out!! However I wouldnt have it any other way!!! The food is cheap and delicious. The bar is fully stocked, good beer selection and the bartenders are great. Its an absolute favorite place for me and most of my friends. Sitting outside is very relaxing and great for people watching. During football season, it's me and my boyfriends favorite place to be!!! Overall, its a very friendly, inviting place to be!The only thing better then the food was the service. We had a waiter named Bill who was spot on. Would go back again just for him.The Collar is a great little spot - Fairmount is lucky to have it. The beer selection is good, prices are decent, and it's a great atmosphere. It's more low-key than some of the other (slightly foofy) Fairmount spots - it's a go-to choice. The flank seak sandwich is great - moist and tender. The only down-side is Sunday: Brunch until 3 and then no food after that, and they're strict about no outside food even when they're no longer serving.Great place to get a beer and the burgers were excellent. Hope to go back and visit when I'm in Philly.Recently went to the Collar this past Tuesday.  I was informed about their menu change.  But I forgot and also didn't bring enough $$$ too.
  I use to love the food and I thought they had the coolest menu in the Fairmount area.  
Now Wow!  
What was the reason to change a good thing???
My favorite dishes were the Turkey and Stuffing sandwich with cranberry sauce and the Vegetable Fajitas.  Both items are off the menu. And use to be reasonably priced.
So I was trying to find something else to eat, but I didn't have enough money to afford any items.  Most of the previous cool menu items were in the 4-7$ apps, 6-9$ and it was superb.  
Please Change it back to the way it was before so that I can come back.Living in the suburbs, it's very quick to get into the city through Fairmount. Stopping at The Bishop's Collar on our way into the city, for a nightcap on the way home, or as the destination itself, is always a good time. Great people, fast service, good food, and fun times. The only problem I've had there is trying to leave -- the place sucks you in!This is a small bar with a local vibe to it. The prices are extremely fair for the area. They have a typical bar food menu, and a good sized beer menu. The food was tasty, the buffalo wings were perfect heat to them and the chicken cutlet was a good size for the price. This is a good place to go and hang out in Fairmount with a friendly staff. They have outdoor seating too!This was a terrifically nice, low key, suburban, friendly spot to grab a light and inexpensive meal. I love when you order a burger and it's 6.50, and that comes with fries (they didn't put a huge amount but i'm not complaining they were good Mcdonald's type fries). 
Watch your head going to the bathroom gents.
With the really nice outdoor patio you get a quaint view of the corner, but inside is done very well with an almost Spanish type decor, brick red walls with symmetrical pictures of flowers and such on the walls.
The menus are Dr. Seuss books, and the two sides to the menu are on the inside front cover and inside back cover. I was pretty giddy.
the chicken fingers were fine as well, but I really enjoyed my turkey burger, the roasted peppers was a good addition, and the buns they used were real burger buns.Holy Turkey Burger!
It comes topped with brie and roasted red pepper, and its all juicy and messy and with a big pile of fries. You better go get one.Bishops is a great place to grab a beer though the new menu is horrible. Raised prices example you pay 11 dollars for the same exact burger that was 7. It was great with the old menu. Still one of favorite places to drink but no longer eating there. Oh and no pulled pork. If your in the area there are better options for eats.my top choice in the museum district if i want some good cheap eats.. .  the french toast , turkey burger, turkey chili, salads r all very good....i like the chicken quesadilla too- even though it isnt your traditional kind..plus the menus are pasted on clifford books....everything is under 10 bucks but they have an average beer selection and it seems to get really crowded at night cause it's a really small space...everyone seems friendly, but i usually eat and run...  my first stop for brunch or a late night snack in the museum districtMet up with the Philly Runner's Club (http://www.phillyrunners.org/) for a rainy Tuesday evening run, and then hit up Bishop's afterwards for a well-earned corned beef sandwich and seasoned fries and a draft to wash it down.  The meat was quality smothered in a healthy portion of crout, swiss, and russian dressing.  Reasonable prices, you can easily find a sandwich for $7 or less.  Brews are between $4 and $5.
The only difficult part of it was having to run 3 miles home afterward, didn't really think through that one!The Bishops Collar is my favorite bar/restaurant around the Fairmont area. The food is simply great bar food! Anything I have ever had at the Bishops Collar is DELICIOUS! Its a place where you always feel welcome and the staff go out of their way to make your experience wonderful! The Sunday brunch always has new things on the menu and their "Eggs in a Nest" are to die for!! My compliments to the chef! Yummmmm!I've been here severAl times and have nothing bad to say. The staff is friendly, unpretentious, and willing to walk you through the beer menu if you're unsure about your selection.  Located in Fairmount - my hood - it's a great place to stop for beers and some wings. Check it out next time you're in the area. 
Happy drinking and eating PhillyWe really like this neighborhood bar/restaurant. It's small and can definitely get crowded. Has a nice selection of draft beers that they rotate regularly. We have eaten there twice now, once for brunch and another late night snack. Brunch food was great - a breakfast burrito and breakfast burger. Both solid choices. We had the steak sandwich for an evening snack and it was a bit over cooked (I asked for medium rare and it came well) and also the bread was pretty chewy. Almost tasted like it was microwaved to get heated up. Wouldn't get that again. Overall, we enjoy this little pub for the drinks and good vibe. Drink it.Awesome beers. Cool atmosphere. Great place to stop and get a quick bite, but the food isn't too impressive. Not bad, but not great. 
Don't get the spring rolls, but the fries are BANGIN.Very nice atmoaphere and beer selection. Great sandwiches for a good price. 4 stars for the Flank Steak & Provolone. The carmelized onions were the star! The fries were good, but a bit undercooked. 2 stars for the turkey burger. Came out burnt charcoal the 1st time, was dry and tasteless the 2nd. The side salad was really good, with generous chunks of strong blue cheese and a sweet tomato
vinegrette.
Very nice and cozy on the inside and good outside seating and service.We've lived in Fairmount for 4 years and never really warmed up to the Collar...  But over the past year or so I've fallen in love with this place.  The beer selection  is solid, the food is fine, and the service is fast and friendly.  Also, I think they had a bit of a makeover this past fall.   New and nice tables, chairs, and benches in the dining area.  A much more comfortable and homey feel.  The food is basic and not fancy whatsoever, but sometimes all I want are some chos and old bay fries.  If you're looking for a warm and welcoming pub where you can enjoy a good pint, a few snacks, and some good company, go here.I'm not sure what their Draft list holds most of the time but it's Philly Beer Week and Troegs seemed to be the Draft favorite. Besides that they had a decent selection of Drafts and Bottles. The food menu is also great (prices included). Would come back again.I don't know why my expectations of places are so high.  This is just a corner bar, good beer selection, decent food choices.  I should just leave it at that, be happy with what it is and not focus on what it's not.  By I can't!   Snooty waitress, eating dinner and drinking a beer instead of taking our order.  And it may be cool outside but if it's 80º inside, turn the AC on.  Little things ruin a perfectly good beer experience.I was visiting Philly with a couple of friends and they took us here. It was a beautiful day to sit outside, and we enjoyed a leisurely meal. There are no frills here- I ordered a spinach salad with goat cheese, red onion and balsamic and that's precisely what I got. Two others with us got burgers and they looked good. I tried their fries, and they were tasty. The beer selection was pretty good, and the location led to some good people watching. I'm sure it's nice to have in the neighborhood and sitting outside was a huge plus. 3.5 stars from me.Sadly each time we've been here the food has been just 'meh' and the service less than stellar.  Probably won't give it another go after the frequent failed attempts, as much as I want to like this place given the cool atmosphere and location.Great corner bar to chill out with some friends.  
Went on a Thursday and was super impressed with the crowd there.  Standing room was packed full of people from the neighborhood.  Good, clean fun with decent classic rock playing overhead.  
Stellas run about $4.50 and reasonable prices on Framboise  ($8).  Can't comment on the food but I'd def check that out on my next visit.
One thing that I found super hospitable and even cute was the umbrella basket by the door that had a note that said take one pass it on. Talk about paying it forward!!!I don't know why I've never reviewed Collar before! Sad! But now, I shall regale you with a tale of a delicious neighborhood spot! 
I love Bishop's collar.  Don't get me wrong, it's not the sort of place I get dressed up for. It's the sort of place I roll out of work to. It's a great cozy bar in the fairmount area, and is great both in the summer and winter. I've always had a great time there. The beer is cheap, the bar food is predictably delicious, and selection of beers is always great. It's a neighborhood dive-ish bar. And for that, I love it.My wife and I hit this place about twice a month beings we live a distance away. The bartenders are super friendly and accomodating. The chicken burrito is my favorite menu item and is always perfect. I highly recommend this spot for a fun night on the town.Great neighborhood pub. The beer selection is solid and the bartenders are great. I have had the flank steak sand which with fried onions and provolone and the pulled pork sandwich which I think had cheddar   Both were solid but I prefer the flank steak. The crowd that frequents this establishment is loud and fun.Love this place! It's the perfect spot to grab a drink and a good sandwich for dinner. Their beer selection is great and the service is very quick and friendly. It's small, but I usually don't have a problem getting a seat.I was here last weekend and had a good time. It is a nice low key, laid back bar. They have a good offering of different beers - not your typical bud lights etc. So I actually think that makes it interesting and a cool experience to try new beers.
The place wasnt that crowded. We started for happy hour and stayed till maybe 10 ish. It isn't somewhere you would go to meet people - more friends hanging out with each other. They have some outdoor seating but it goes fast as there aren't many tables.
We also had some appetizers which were good. I didnt see the whole menu but I think it was all pretty standard bar fare.
I dont live in the fairmount area, but if I did I'd probably go back often - a nice start to a night out.you have cider on tap for 4$!!!! Randomly just stumbled upon you .. The cider was the good the scene wasn't mine but at 3 in the afternoon I can't complain.. And astonishingly the veggie burger was great!!! All in all I'll come back if the mood to drink mid day before class strikes again .. But I must say the lack of mustard really  angers me this is not jersey! Totally unacceptableHad a very good roast pork sandwich and my girlfriend had a cheeseburger, which was basic but well made.Pretty good beer selection, with usually a few stellar microbrew stars shinning on the draft list. Food is pretty good, very chill atmosphere, nice beer bar, especially if you like micro brews!Great pub food!  The service was a little slow, but that was mostly due to the March Madness crowd.  Definitely a good place to sit outside and people watch.Not only is this super close to our apartment but the beer list is good too!  Haven't had a bad meal and plenty of outside seating.Very friendly staff. Bartenders chat you up without being obtrusive. 
Nice selection of craft beers. I don't recall seeing Coors, Bud, or Miller (which is a good thing IMO). Food was decent. I had the pulled BBQ pork sandwich. The pork had a nice flavor to it, but it could have used more BBQ sauce. My dining companion had the meatloaf sandwich. I can't comment on this, not a fan f meatloaf. Big portion of fries came with both sandwiches with the option to put old bay seasoning on them. Overall, this is probably more of a 3 star establishment based on the food, but the bartender were just that great that I have to give them an extra starWhat a fantastic neighborhood bar!  The bartenders are so friendly and fun (SUMMERDAYSSS..you rock).  Great place to grab beer with friends and get some good conversation in with the regulars.  Not cramped even though it's fairly small, which is always my pet peeve (who wants to get pushed around on a Friday night standing like sardines?).  By far one of the best Fairmount watering holes in my opinion.It's a chill hangout in the middle of hipster-ville. Alot of cool arty types that watch football. This place has a great beer selection and a great steak tips sandwich.it is kind of cramped and loud but it is a sports bar. Best part: cheap prices.Went to brunch at Bishop's Collar for a "homance" date with my BFF  before hitting up the art museum.  As a HUGE fan of all things brunch, I was pleasantly surprised.  
Ambiance: Relaxed and comfortable, if a little dark for a Sunday mid-morning.  The thick wooden tables, deep scarlet walls, and narrow alley feel give it a touch of...something. Charm? Personality? Whatever it is, it's unexpected, but it works.  The bathroom was clean, though ittybitty (Still trying to figure out how they put two stalls in that thing. Seriously, don't even try to turn around in there; you'll hurt yourself.)
Food:  Mmmmm!  Delish!  Their brunch menu is not huge (and, sadly, no mimosas!), but everything we ordered was well-prepared.  I wound up with some tasty french toast (hold the hazelnut!), some type of ridiculously good homefries, and turkey bacon. *TURKEY BACON*  Despise turkey bacon? No, you don't! Not anymore!  If turkey bacon were street drugs, BC would be pushin' crack.  It was that good.  The BFF is a turkey bacon HATA and even she loved this stuff!    
Once I came down from my bacon high, I sampled the small salad snuggled next to my homefries.  Now, usually, if you stick a cold salad on my warm plate with my warm food, the dining purist in me is gonna get all uppity on you.  Not this morning!  It was just simple spinach/greens drizzled with a house vinaigrette, and I figured, wth, I'll bite.   I don't know what or how or who they did to create the vinaigrette but...YOWZA!  Who makes house vin *that* good? (And in a bar, none the less!)  It was tangy, sweet, and totally delicious!  
Most importantly for a Sunday morning:  the coffee was excellent.  
I should probably also note that, while waiting for our food to come out, a server stopped by our table with a plate of pastries/half a muffin to share. The gesture was nice (which is why I *am* mentioning it), but the pastries were rather meh.  It all clearly had that wholesale-frozen quality you get when buying in bulk from a mass-producing muffin factory.  Or something.  Either way, it wasn't very fresh nor very tasty, so I almost wish they hadn't done it.  But, considering it was free and, y'know, it's the thought that counts and all...
Service:  Good, decently prompt.  Three separate people stopped by our table to check on us. No rushing.
I'd definitely go back, even if only for the salad.The Collar, as I fondly refer to it, has a good drink selection, and tasty bar food. It's the perfect place to meet up with friends.Stopping in for drinks on a weekend is a battle to get through the front door, where everyone seems to want to be, but if you move into the back of the bar, there's usually plenty of room. So don't be scared of the crowd up front, chances are you just need to wander in further if you're looking for a place to, you know, breathe.
Some good stuff on tap and good bar food. Service outside isn't the greatest (the waitresses aren't too friendly and it can be a long wait just for water or napkins), but it's worth it because dining/drinking al fresco is the best. 
A more casual spot than Urban Saloon or London Grill on the same block.Relatively good beer prices, solid late night food selection and, most importantly, a solid jukebox, make this a good place to hang out in the Art Museum district.Great service, great atmosphere.  From out of town, but felt right at home!  The tomatillo salsa is awesome!!It doesn't get any better than this joint:
Fresh fruit on the chicken quesadillas, yes please!
Plentiful beer selection, I'll take a look.
Service that is friendly and attentive, well thank you; I will have another!
And of that for a price that will not break your bank....I looooove the Collar :)
p.s.- seriously, best servers and bartenders in the city!This has become my go to spot on Sunday nights and is hands down my favorite bar in Fairmount. You can always count on the staff for good service and conversation. You also cannot go wrong with the food. I suggest the turkey BLT, honey chipotle wings, buffalo chicken spring rolls, chicken quesadilla and oh yea the chicken nachos are back to being amazing!This is a pretty important review to me. I have very high standards when it comes to brunch considering it's combining my favorite meal with drinks, and another meal. Anyway, Bishop's collar is a GREAT place for brunch.
Got a breakfast burrito and my friend got a breakfast burger. The burrito was fantastic, tons of meat, perfect amount of eggs, perfect amount of grease (it's important!) and served with home fries and a salad. My friend got the breakfast burger. If you go here, get the breakfast burger, it is by far the best burger I have ever had. Impeccable flavor, and quite possibly the epitome of brunch.
The only thing I could possibly improve on this situation is the drinks. They don't heavily advertise your stereotypical brunch drinks, nor do they discount them. Would be nice. This place is so close to having the whole package!This is a solid choice for an affordable dinner in (and on) Fairmount. As many others have said: it's also quite cramped.
My first acquaintance with BC was in September during the neighborhood's bar crawl. When we reached the bar, they were out of samples so we decided to walk in to use their facilities. As I headed past their specials sign, either someone knocked into it (not I) or it fell on its own. Either way, it hurt like a curseword, and left a HUGE bruise on the back of my leg. I wasn't too happy, but still wanted to come back.
Attempted to visit another night last month, but one glance inside and it looked like a squishfest was going on. No thank you! Not my scene. We kept moving.
Last night's visit was finally successful at something other than attaining a new bruise. It was nice and warm inside after a chilly walk, and the specials sign stayed upright as I passed by. Awesome!
We opted to sit at the end of the row (closest to the bathroom) since I've started a new exercise activity recently and am having trouble, um, sitting at the moment. I personally wouldn't recommend choosing that table unless you had to, as it's a high-traffic spot and also... the bathroom. Unless you like sitting near bathrooms. Then go for it!
Our server was really nice and helpful when I asked for direction regarding three different beers from the bottled list that I hadn't heard of before. She steered me to the Éphémère from Quebec, which was a great seasonal choice.
For dinner, I chose the chicken salad sandwich and asked for it on a long roll instead of sourdough. I didn't taste any of the bacon in it, and wasn't expecting it to be overpowered by onions and mayo, but the chicken did taste fresh. Honestly, it wasn't my favorite at all, but considering how cheap their prices are (my beer was $7; my sandwich was $8), I wouldn't be against making a return visit to try another sandwich. I just think I'll plan that visit for a lower traffic time knowing the size of the place!THIS REVIEW IS FOR FAIRMOUNT FOOD CRAWL ONLY
SPOT 4
If ever there was a cop out for porky goodness during an event featuring porky goodness, then this was it.  Food - Conshy Dog / Beverage - Lemonade with Titos.
Grilled hotdog, topped with caramelized onions and bacon.  Dubbed the 'Conshy Dog' it was something I'd seek out at a ball game or carnival food stand.  While the hot dog was cooked perfectly, and tasted awesome with my slathering of mustard, it was disappointment that was the only thing I tasted after scarfing it down.
The lemonade must have been keeping the tito's bottle cool because there wasn't even a viable hint of vodka in the drink.  The staff did keep the line moving and people overall seemed to enjoy what they purchased (although many, the Mrs. including, had the same frame of mind in a let down food item.)3.5 Stars
The best things about this bar are simple.  The food here is good bar food, better than most places. The beer selection is well chosen, some local beers, some other micros, some belgians. 
But I think I was far more impressed with them back when I first moved to Philly than I am now. I guess that same tired stuff makes it kinda lame. I feel like I have been to a handful of bars just like this one in Philly.
It gets a bit crowded in this bar on weekends. When its crowded its loud and the service is slow. But that's the same everywhere it gets busy.
When the bar is slow, though, that's when this place shines. Food service is quick and friendly, bar service is more friendly when its slow but still can be standoffish. It's especially great in the Spring time when you can sit outside and enjoy the slow Fairmount neighborhood.Came here for lunch recently, and my guest said that the menu changed for the worse.  But, they brought back some items such as nachos which were removed for some reason as people really liked them.  We don't know if they are as good as before, though.
Anyway, it was not crowded at all, and our food came quite fast.  I had a salad with mixed greens, avocado, goat cheese, and a chicken breast with balsamic dressing.  Tasty, but I think overpriced at $12.  My guest had a grilled chicken sandwich with cheese and got a small side salad.  Her meal had just about everything mine did, and was $3 cheaper.
No alcohol as we were on the job, but it looked like they had a good selection available.Beer list is not bad. The food is awesome,especially the burger and nachos. Great atmosphere and omg again the burger is amazing. The bartenders
Are very friendly and welcoming. I love this placeThey get two stars versus one because the New Belgium tap takeover for Philly beer week is awesome... but the food sucks. 
Sorry yelpers, I didn't consult you before ordering here. Trust me, I regret it. 
The chicken nachos are cold and naked. Literally. The guac and sour cream are isolated to one nacho, respectively. The rest are naked. The old bay fries with chedder are good, but clumped together and the chicken fingers are more like a newborn baby's fingers. 
Disappointing.Don't call it "The Collar", it's Bishop's Collar.  Calling it "The Collar" doesn't make you local.  It makes you silly.
Lengthy draft list and not too pricey.  There's a rotating $4 draft at all times and the food is good to boot.  Check out the hummus, chicken nachos, risotto balls, or for a real bang for your buck the chicken quesadillas.  
There's outdoor seating and indoor seating, although outdoors is where it's at.  And if you bring your dog you get a water bowl and lots of friendly greetings from all the Fairmounters.it's simple: people are here because they feel welcome, no matter what walk of life. at any given time i could say there are a variety of people here and all seem to enjoy themselves.
i havent explored the menu too much yet, but the atmosphere and beer will keep me coming back for sure.I have always liked the Bishop's Collar and continue to do so.  This is a great neighborhood pub with good bar food to boot.  The beer selection has just enough to always be interesting.  The bartender's have a great ability to handle crowds and keep the drinks coming.  We found ourselves here just prior to the Made in America concert and stayed longer due to the relaxed vibe.  We stopped here both days which was a nice way to mentally prepare for the madness that was the concert.  The Bishop's Collar is always a great option if you're in this area of the city.Mildly interesting beer selection when I was there. They did have Lagunitas Undercover Shutdown which is always great. Food.....oh boy. Chicken Quesadilla had fruit salad all over it. Under the guacamole. Under the sour cream. Totally disgusting. Service was...well, non existent. I had to ask for everything. My first beer, my food, my check...she wasn't rude but she just didn't care. Too bad. Wont be back here.Sitting outside on one of the last hot days eating really yummy fish tacos with a crab sauce and drinking Irish pineapple cider!This place is a nice bar. I have been there a few times and really like it. I was a nice stop before going to terror behind the walls  at ESP. I defiantly suggest trying it.Eh all around. The place is a little rundown and could use a refresh on the outside and inside. The menu is typical greasy bar fare and fairly mediocre, but the portions are generous. Our server was friendly but was confused about orders and delivered the wrong beer which we kept after she didn't really offer to replace it. They do have a good selection of beers, but I didn't see many other drink options advertised on the menu.Went here on a Friday night at 7pm and had no problem getting a table for dinner.  The food was good.. they have a few vegetarian options and i enjoyed the portabella sandwich, but the others in my party didn't mention their food in the course of the conversation, leaving me with the impression it was neither remarkably good, nor remarkably bad.  And the service was fine.  .. but otherwise, it wasn't all that enjoyable of an experience.  They were out of the two draught beers I wanted and I didn't find their selection all that comprehensive   The whole place is quite small and dark, which is fine depending on the atmosphere you want, but it was a little too much of a hole in the wall for my taste.  And the kicker was the ladies room; it was super dark and dingy, and one of the two stalls was out of order, leaving me in the tiniest, darkest stall, where thanks to a sloped ceiling I couldn't stand up, but due to the small dimensions I couldn't very well sit either.  In that area, i'd much rather go to Belgian Cafe.Great place to get a beer with friends and the best pub food menu in the neighborhood, as well as one of the best pub food menus in the city and all at reasonable costs.  They also have probably the best bloody mary on fairmount ave with the macho man randy savage bloody complete with a slim jim.