The weird thing is that I always forget what this place is called.  The great thing is that every single vegan meal I've ever had there has been amazing.I sincerely regret not getting the name of my waitress at The Latest Dish on Saturday night. She was very friendly and helpful, and went a long way into making our experience great.
Our empanadas came out nice and hot, and the avocado spread was an excellent addition.
There were plenty of appetizing options on the menu and on special, but I had to go for my old standby: the salmon. Couldn't have been more pleased with it, but the sweet potato pancakes that came with it were the exceptional part of the meal. My gf, however, went for an very tasty seitan meatloaf that I immediately became jealous of.
The beer selection was pleasing, with some good standbys (Bell's 2 Heart among them), and the always welcome inclusion of Sly Fox and Dogfish Head on tap.
This was my second visit to Latest Dish, but my first as a Yelper. Needless to say I was impressed this time, just as I was the first.The Latest Dish is by far one of my favorite restaurants in the city. I have never had a bad meal there. From the seared tuna to the filet to the greatest mac n cheese on earth - everything is amazing.  The beer selection is incredible as well..hefewiesen and golden monkey are my 2 favs and they are always on tap. The chicken cesar salad is unreal - they use these small potatoes instead of crutons...the mac and cheese has 3 kinds of cheese and a nice crust on top...another fav is the crab and cheese wontons...jesus my mouth is watering thinking about it...def hiting it up wed night before Josh Wink at Fluid this week!Went here at the last minute on New Year's Eve for dinner before the fireworks.  We had an amazing dinner! I ate everything on my plate and can't wait to go back.  Love this place!!I never hear anybody talk about this place and I have no idea why. Yet, I come here onto Yelp and see that it has close to 100 reviews and a solid 4.5 stars. Short answer: well deserved.
It's a small restaurant/bar nestled closely to the tattoo shops. It's got an unassuming facade and within, it contains probably some of the best food and beer list I've seen just off of South Street.
My girlfriend and I just went in the other evening to check the place out. We each had a beer and then ordered a bunch of apps. We sampled the crab and cheese wontons (fancy crab rangoon basically), duck egg rolls, spicy chicken tacos and mac 'n cheese. All of the above ranged from good to fantastic. The mac 'n cheese was in my opinion pretty simple and nothing to really rave about. Though, some on here seem to be wild about it. The rest of the menu is priced fairly and an eclectic collection of New American food.
The bottles in the cold case behind the bar impressed me most. They had some of my favorite beers: Brooklyn Brown, Stoudt's Scarlet Lady Ale, PBC Rowhouse Red, Delirium Tremens, Sam Smith Nut Brown Ale and a nice selection ranging from your usual Victory Brewing stuff to Japanese beer like Sapporo and Hitachino. I'm not the biggest beer geek, but I was really happy to see the nice selection.
The service was great. Can't wait to go back. I would love to make this a regularly visited place.This has been a one of my staples for many years. I always order the spicy chicken tacos. Crab wontons are also a good choice.My girlfriend loves to stick to places she knows. I know tons of people like her. They stick to the knowns, to things they can predict. The Latest Dish is predictably great, but it's genius lies in its specials. Trout with leaks and goat cheese? Fucking incredible. Lamb shank braised in red wine? Brilliant, just the perfect amount of gamey-ness. As far as drinks, the gf keeps coming back for the raspberry zinger and I love the oberon. The pesto-evo for the bread is great; every time.
The service staff is professional. Not warm and engaging every time  but their food is that good that they don't necessarily have to be. 
Seriously. If this place doesn't confirm your belief in being a foodie, or make you want to be a foodie, than nothing will. Try everything. The original lobster mac and cheese. I'm sorry every special sounds great. The sides are indispensable. Sorry. Good luck.I found the food here really good and all the staff was great.  I ate there alone on a Sat. night and sometimes they can make you feel awkward.  Not here.  Also, I ate the pot roast.  It could not have been better.
The bar has a decent draught beer selection and their by the glass wine list was good too.
I next went to Beyond the Wall http://www.yelp.com/biz/beyond-the-wall-art-prints-and-posters-philadelphia#hrid:MJ5k5KeGJb9bKcVGUvDdNQ where you can get a poster at a discount:  http://www.beyondthewall.com/xcart/philadelphia.htmlSuch an unassuming place from the outside. I've passed by dozens and dozens of times, with little inclination to ever stop in -- what a poor move on my part! 
This is a cozy restaurant and bar, situated right on "tattoo row," off South. A no-frills exterior belies the surprisingly bright and welcoming dining room, which offers plenty of seating at tables and along the long, polished bar. Not crowded, easily off the radar of the touristy, obnoxious clientele I try to avoid in my neighborhood. A solid alternative to other area bars...plus the food is great!
My boyfriend and I grabbed two stools and ordered from their extensive and moderately-priced bottled beer selection. I loved gazing at the bottles, carefully arranged in rows in their fridge behind the bar. Every few seconds we'd notice something new. Brooklyn Brown! Sapporo! Something cool with an owl on it!
We ordered a selection of appetizers, mostly to just try a bunch of different items and sate our fat kid fried food cravings. 
The crab and cheese wontons, a fancy version of crab rangoon, were a highlight, with a crisp exterior stuffed with fresh crab meat and soft creamy cheese. They'd sold out of the empanada of the day (a poblano beef creation), so we ordered the duck eggrolls, with a tangy sauce and moist (though a bit stingy) duck meat. These were the favorite orders of the night.
The chicken tacos were a misstep, with ground chicken in tomato sauce, overstuffed in a hard shell. I did like the black beans that accompanied the order, however. 
The mac and cheese, as many have raved about here, didn't quite live up to the hype. It comes out baked, with plain ziti noodles and a salty, satisfying cheese sauce (possibly mozzarella, though it's hard to tell). It's delicious, certainly, but I'd been hyped up by previous reviews. If/when I return, this would certainly fit my criteria for cheap weeknight comfort food.
Curious to try the other offerings, including many vegetarian friendly dinners, like a vegan burger and seitan meatloaf.Good things here. It's consistent in the quality of food, and I love that it sort of flies under the radar. Most of the people I take there have never heard of it, even if they are from Philly, which means it's not too well-known and I can usually easily get a table. Score! Really, they have great fancy drinks and specials, tasty food, good beer selection, decent decor, nice service. 
As for food, I've had their tacos, calamari, several other specials, and the lobster mac and cheese is heaven! You know how you can always remember a negative experience? Well, if I ever had anything bad here, I would have remembered it. Never had anything bad, though!
Plus, they are around the corner from my house. I like that it's in the South Street area and doesn't draw the crowds and tourists like a lot of the places ON South Street. It's very unassuming from the outside. Secret treasure!Something to respect about The Latest Dish is its staying power. While other neighboring Nouveau American-esque restaurants have shut their doors, TLD remains an off-South Street respite. You can come here to expect an accessible and quality menu, think: fish tacos meets spinach and goat cheese salad, without breaking the bank. 
Even though you probably won't flock here if you're coming from, say, the Main Line, any nearby resident has a devout appreciation for this restaurant. Also noteworthy, upstairs (at Fluid) you can cut a rug to sporadic DJ sets by ?uestlove (pretty cool).The best mac n cheese I've ever had!!! Also tried the crab & cheese wontons and spicy chicken tacos which were delicious! I can't wait to go back!My husband and I went here last week on a late night and had wonderful service and food. The mac and cheese is heavenly and I devoured the seitan meatloaf. The drinks were good, too. The place had a relaxed, un-scene-y vibe.
Overall, we had a lovely dinner for two.I dint know why I am reviewing this place because I dont want anyone else to know about it. Their beer menu isnt huge but they get major props for their selection. I love restaurants that cater to just about anyone. You can get everything here from empanadas, to filet mignon, to vietnamese spring rolls. I could even bring my veggie only friends here. This place is in a such a key location right off of South Street and I have never had a problem getting a seat. I have also taken food out of here and it was awesome. I could live on just he sides they have on their menu, especially the lobster mac.I've been here once in the past, but some time has passed, and to be honest, this place had dropped off my radar. However, as we were headed for Xoticl (second time we've headed there and not made it) I saw this across the street and remembered that I had a decent meal here once upon a time, and realized it was time to give it another try. (it was also pretty cold and we were ready to go inside). 
I've very happy with the weather forcing us indoors because our meal was fantastic, and our server was seriously attentive and awesome. We started with beers and empanadas and they were both delicious. We followed it up with mac and cheese and I tried the vegan meatloaf. Now I do eat meat on occasion, but rarely do I really feel well afterwards, their meatloaf may not taste exactly like you butchered a cow to get to it, but it is pretty damn delicious nonetheless. The mashed potatoes it's served with are a decent quality, not fake, which is admirable. The meatloaf is served with some mushrooms and greenbeans, and I enjoyed it whole heartedly. For desert we shared some pecan bread pudding which was a bit dry, but it was still delicious.
I definitely have fallen into the fan category for this place, and I certainly shall return in the future. Throw in the fact that I can walk there, and their beer selection is great, and how could I not be a fan?yeahhh!!!! 
i've been here twice and i was so pleased with the food. Please expect a small place with great drinks and food :D  
All of my friends were so pleased with the food they got :D They have an ok size portiion will definitely fill you up and they have a mix of  Framboise and Hoegaarden which is called: Dirty Ho :D amazing drinks :D all the beer haters will love this mix of beer :DI dream about this place, in fact I drool about this place. I wish I lived here because this is the best mac&cheese I have ever tasted in my life and I consider myself a bit of a connoisseur. I love across the country, but can't wait to try this place again!This is another one of my neighborhood joints that I probably wouldn't have sought out if it wasn't for my proximity to it.  Fortuitous thing about the aforementioned proximity.  The Latest Dish is one of my all-time favorite restaurants.  Yes, all-time.  
It's casual and inviting and not-at-all South Street cheesy, despite its being a block away.  The food is fresh and delicious.  You'll never go wrong ordering off the specials board (which is always changing), but the menu fare is solid, as well.  Lots of stuff for vegetarians, as well.  I always feel that I'm eating relatively healthfully when I dine at the Latest Dish because I delicious veggies or fish are so often a component of the plates.  I think the most important thing to mention is how consistently good the offerings are.  I have never had a bad or off dish there.  Whatever you order, you know it's going to be great.
If there is one downside, I think the wine selection leaves a little to be desired.  But it's really not a big thing when the food is so consistently good.I think the my fellow yelpers are being quite generous with their reviews for The Latest Dish. I have been here for food and drinks on several occassions and the experiences have ranged from OK to bad. The food is decent, I actually cannot say I ever got anything that was bad, but on the other hand I never got anything that was really that great or memorable. The menu is very approachable, with the usual suspects and proteins/flavors that can appeal to just about anyone. This can make for a boring dining experience, but when choosing a restaurant for a group its a safe bet. The cocktails are weak and  small which loses big points in my book, but I do believe they have an extensive beer list. I personally do not drink beer so this does not benefit me. The service has usually been the biggest deal breaker on most occassions. Servers are usually slow and unattentive, and the bartender on a few occassions has been outright rude. Overall if you are going to dinner with a fussy eater or the family, The Latest Dish might be an OK idea because it is basic food that is appealling to the masses. But dont expect a life changing dining experience, actually don't expect much at all....The Latest Dish was on my list for a while. This weekend while my Mom and Charlie were visiting, we had a chance to dine here. The dinner was my thank you for all of the hard work around and on the house, and my good friend Quinn met up with us.
This unassuming spot is right off South Street. They have a decently sized bar with a surprisingly good beer selection. I started off with one of my favorites, Bell's Two Hearted Ale, and then moved on to the wine that we split as a table; a nice white out of California.  In addition to the beer list, The Latest Dish has a good selection of reasonably priced wines. I really like the decor and atmosphere of this place. Pounded brass tabletops are complimented by the action of the open kitchen in the back.
Before we ordered, a loaf of bread with pesto olive oil was brought out. Mom loved the olive oil. As another starter, we ordered calamari. The perfectly cooked calamari came with a spicy chili sauce. This was a great way to start the meal. Mom doesn't love calamari, but even she enjoyed the appetizer. Even as a meat eater, she went with the vegan burger made up from black beans and mushroom. The large, crumbly burger was excellent, and she was really pleased with it.
I ordered a grilled chicken sandwich which came topped with caramelized onions, blue cheese,
and bacon on focaccia. It was huge, and I probably should have saved half for lunch the next day. It was too tasty to stop. The fries on the side were great as well. Charlie's chicken tacos were great. The side of guacamole was creamy and  well made. The tacos were small, but they're really intended to be a starter.
Taking after their name, The Latest Dish has a great selection of specials. Quinn ordered off of the specials list and got a crab cake. The presentation of all of the dishes is great, and hers was no exception. She was happy with the dish, but it wasn't as flavorful as everything else I sampled.
Bottom Line: I really like this place. It's a great space, the beer, wine and food menus are all varied enough to keep me happy upon multiple trips. It's a great place for dinner, or just a drink. It's one of the best restaurants around for the price range, and the service was great.I ended up at Latest Dish after meeting up with a friend for lunch on south street. after stopping and reading menus at places near by I suggested LD because it looked really cute and I'd checked out their menu online but every time I'd walked by there was at night it was always freakishly packed. It reminded me of places in the East Village or Brooklyn, so I wanted to check it out.
I think my friend and I chose the perfect time to try it out because in the middle of the week around 4pm it was far from crowded. In fact it was probably ideally crowded for a place so small. There was a couple sitting next to us and a few people at the bar. My friend and I got the corner booth seat by the window which was kinda cool because you sit real high up there and have a bird's eye view of the space. Food was standard hearty bar fare. We didn't order anything fancy but I remember liking my chicken sandwich a lot and my friend got tempe or something in that vain and loved it. Also the portions were quite large which is not bad considering it wasn't too expensive. I hate crowds so I'd probably be very picky about coming back here but for dinner/lunch on south street it's definitely an option.Having lived in Philly for years I've heard really good things about this place. I went on Sunday for appetizers and drinks. It was completely empty, which is ok but considering we were the only customers, the service wasn't very good. We sat at the bar and ordered the calamari and empanadas. Neither were very good, the empanadas were chicken and cheese but tasted like nothing. The calamari was underdone and too salty. We left after about a half an hour, the bartender seemed tired and didn't think to ask why we hardly touched our food. I feel like we wasted our time & money and don't really wanna go back.Absolutely incredible service! Great beer selection. Try the Mac n Cheese, you won't be disappointed. My wife had perfectly prepared fish tacos and my flank steak was one of the best steaks I've had in a long time. I will be making the latest dish a regular spot for sure!I have eaten here at least 15 times in the last few years.  The staff is generally friendly and the food great.I must have passed this place by hundreds of times before a friend convinced me it was worth a try.  From the outside... it doesn't look so hot.  It's a pretty straightforward set-up inside, too, so ambience-wise it's not the best.  
The food though... oh my god the food...
Flipping amazing.  As a vegetarian I'm pretty leery about restaurants recreating meat dishes- but that seitan meat loaf was outrageously good.  I was devastated when I realized I'd eaten too much to box.  Their beer selection was great, and so was the service.  Our waitress was very kind and patient even after my boyfriend asked about a million questions.
I would (and will) return in a heartbeat.Very large dishes and everything we've ever had there has been delicious! Great seasonal specials and fresh food that is well prepared and tasty!I've said it before and I'll say it again - if I can walk into a place that has a fancy or hip vibe, which is typically where I feel least confident, and I'm made to feel totally welcome...that is SO major to me.
So I walked into TLD today for a late lunch, feeling kind of self conscious, having just done some shopping and kind of disheveled. And the bartendress/waitress Emily (whose photo I've uploaded) came over to me and was AH.MAZ.ING.
Not only was she attentive and really just great at her actual job, she was funny and friendly in just the right amounts. She suggested food without being a "yes man" about it, and really, the food was astounding as well, but I might not have noticed because of how great Emily was.
For the record, I had a bowl of sweet potato soup, the empanadas of the day (beef and bean) and the chicken sandwich, with bread pudding for desert. With iced tea it came to $35, and it was worth every penny.all around solid. wonderful service, new creative spins on classic/traditional dishes. yummmm! love the place!A nice little dive you'll find along South Street. This restaurant is upscale and makes for a great time. Go have a cocktail, or some local brew. Sit down at the bar or on there fascinating brass tables. Above the restaurant is Fluid a night club that brings in the young crowd attracting with DJs and jamming sounds. When you go to the Dish make sure to try some of the delightful goodies, such as the Duck Egg Roll which is fabulous, or the Crab Wantons, served up with savoury wanton sauce. At the end of the night you might want to top it all off with the Bread Pudding flavour of the day.I'm not really sure how it came to be that I had never been here before last night... but regardless... it was worth the wait! Mark P and i headed over after the Yelp Elite event last night, and come to think of it I'm not sure how either of us were still hungry OR able to drink more but again... not the point. We had the calamari (which apparently is NOT just the little suckers cut off but the actual body diced up) which was delicious although neither of us could stomach eating the ones that look like whole baby octopus and chicken caesar salads... SO GOOD! I plan on starving myself for a day before the next time I go back so I can fit dessert in after the meal :)The most consistent destination along the South Street corridor is the eptiomy to hipster chic, with an outstanding selection of brews, a menu that never wears out its welcome, and the city's most consistently laid back staff.I have always liked the food here, and the staff are so friendly, you can get really comfortable. the big five star rating is for their vegetarian selection. My oldest friend was in town, and we wanted a good dinner without a lot of hassle. I am always worried when taking out a vegetarian about finding places that give them some options without being strictly vegetarian. The latest dish was just that, and the seitan meatloaf sounded so good, i ordered myself. I made the right choice, all around.The Dish was good. I'm not going to compose a love poem to it or anything, but I had a nice time there and left feeling pretty happy. The spicy scallops really live up to their name...man, were they spicy! So be warned...you may need to smuggle some Tums in your evening bag so you don't offend everyone in a 50 foot vicinity. That's just gross, and I am a lady. Usually.
My friends liked their food, and the beer list was admirable. It's just too bad that I couldn't hear a word my companions said...it was pretty darn loud in there. Oh the humanity! Think of all of the scintillating details I missed out on. Thank goodness for Yelp...now my friends always know where to find me and I'll never have to have someone screaming in one ear while a couple breaks up next to me. Now that's progress.We visited on an uncrowded Wednesday night so we were seated quickly. Lightly battered Artichoke hearts with whipped chive butter were ummers. My blackened, pan-seared tuna served with porcini carpaccio was cooked spot on, but the tuna its self still lacked flavor. My friend's chicken caesar salad was apparently awesome and something she's had several times before. Looked like a regular chicken caesar to me. I'll go back to try more off the menu for sure.Tofu spring rolls are out of this world!  We have been dining here for 8 years and my mouth still waters when I think of them.  My kids love the crab wontons.  Great place to stop in and grab a bite!This place was great! No wait, decent prices, and a very comfortable and cozy atmosphere. I got the citrus tilapia, and my girlfriend got the hangar steak. Both were excellent, with great presentation as well. Dessert was a chocolate mousse, which was tasty but lacked the presentation of the entrees. All in all a very enjoyable dinner!Located in the hippest part of Philly IMHO. They have two hearted on draft. Had only appetiErs but they were pretty good.YUM!! I finally got to eat at The Latest Dish this past Saturday. My husband & I were walking home from Center City in those bitter cold temps that hung around Philly for a few days last week. The original plan was to go to the trusty Royal Tavern on the way and then hoof it the rest of the way home. By the time we got to South Street, though, my legs were practically popsicles and I had to stop soon and hang out in a cozy place for a while. The Latest Dish happened to be half a block away from where I made this decision, and I am so happy that I did. I ordered the vegan burger and I have to say that it is the best black bean burger I have ever eaten. It comes with a side of their frites. The hubs ordered the chicken cordon bleu sandwich which also comes with the frites. We chowed down and relaxed in a warm, comfy, cozy environment and also enjoyed some fancy beers. Also, the waiter that we had was very friendly and accomodating. We will go back time & time again, not just when it feels like the Antarctica outside.This one of the first places I ate when I moved here about 13 years ago.  The food, the music, the bar, the seating, the service.  It is all very good.  I have zero complaints about this place.  I went back the other night just get out of the house and forgot how good this place is.  I just had the chicken sandwich and a side of spinach and a mixed drink.  All solid.  Also a great date place.  
This is one of those places that reminds me how good we have it in the city.Just had a great dinner sampling some specials & some menu mainstays. Everything was great!  Shalika was our server & was the best.  Will definitely go back & would recommend to anyone looking for a great low-key place. Loved it!The only bad thing about The Latest Dish is its location. It's always hard to find a parking spot. That aside, I like the Latest Dish. Ate here twice: once I got Salmon. and another time, I think roasted chicken. Both were superb. 
The Latest Dish is cute too, and a fun place to eat.This is my FAVORITE restaurant in Philadelphia.  Every morsel of food I have eaten from this place is absolute heaven.  Their menu changes seasonally, always keeping it fresh, but there are a few staple menu items that are so good, they never go away.
Some of my favorites:
Grilled Filet Mignon: tender deliciousness with crispy fried onion rings and  potatoes au gratin.
Stuffed Pork Chop: stuffed with plaintains and drizzled with balsamic.  Always juicy and never dry.
Macadamia Crusted Salmon:  tropical twist on this atlantic fish, with a pineapple glaze and served with rice.  Yummmm.
There are also plenty of Vegetarian options, including the famous mac & cheese.  They also have a lobster mac & cheese (I haven't tried it yet but I'm sure its amazing.)
If you're not that hungry the salads are good too, and they offer many sides for a minimal price.  The calamari with the sweet chili sauce is a good appetizer.
Only con is trying to get a table when they're busy because it's small, but I'm usually willing to wait.  Their staff is awesome... friendly, attentive, cool peeps.  Also not the best place for a first date or if you need to talk, it can get a bit loud in there.  Other than that, the most important part, the food, is ON POINT.
Don't miss out!Went in the other night and sat at the bar with a guest.  While we only had a few apps, the food was great and the bartender was attentive and welcoming.  Good vibe.  Will definitely be back for some dinner.This may not be a destination spot, but if you live in South St. area (as I do), then  you know about The Latest Dish... and chances are, it's become a staple in your life too.  Every time that I'm not feeling up for cooking, or don't want to pretend that it's ok to eat cereal for dinner (again), I head over to The Latest Dish for some of their delicious Tofu Spring Rolls (only $5!).
I have been here more than a handful of times since I moved to Philly, and each time I am met with a genuinely nice, friendly waitstaff (who are knowledgeable about their wines, which is always a plus) and good music selection.  I brought my family here when they visited, and my sister ordered the Mac and Cheese, and my parents split a salad.  Everyone only had good things to say about their dishes.
Next time you're in the South St. area, you should definitely give this quaint, boutique-y restaurant a try!
Tip: I wouldn't recommend coming late on a weekend night.  You'll get to experience the bass from the loud music in the club upstairs.I love this spot. Mellow, cool, neighborhood vibe. Perfect for a date, a stop in, hang at the bar or get a table.  The food is fantastic, fresh and sophisticated and the prices are good.  The Spring roll was fantastic and the salmon yummy!  I can not wait to go back since the menu was packed with great options.  The owner is friendly and attentive which is always a plus.So great!  The waitress was so nice and attentive, and the food was delicious!  We had hummus and pita, but it was so much better than I've had at other restaurants.  The pita was warm and sliced into triangles.  The hummus had a scoop of olive oil in the middle with spices sprinkled on top, and it came with a tiny wedge of lime and lemon.  I had a salad that was one of the specials, and it was the best salad I've ever had in my life!  Baby spinach, arugula, walnuts, thinly sliced cheese, and sundried cherry vinaigrette.  SO GOOD!  My bf had chicken tacos with guacamole and lime sour cream.  The kitchen looked very professional, and the beer selection was good.  However, I just cannot imagine being there when it's crowded at night.  It's a small establishment crammed with tables.  It's worth it for the tasty, well-priced food though.I very much enjoyed the food and atmosphere at this place. The fish was delicious and the drink and wine selection were excellent. Some veggie options too. I will seek it out again when I find myself in Philly again.Not a whole lot that I can say that others haven't, but this mainstay off the slowly dying South Street is one of the few reasons to make it down to this area.
The food is always solid and the service is great. Nothing like grabbing a few drinks with some good friends from their solid beer selection and sharing a plate of the duck egg rolls or crab and cheese wontons. When they have the Mexican corn on the cob special, that's always a must have. 
As for the entree, love the grilled chicken sandwich with the ever so popular and delicious mac and cheese. when i'm not in the mood for chicken, i always look for the fish taco special. When I"m feeling fancy, I'll go for the grilled hanger steak.
Definitely will continue to patron The Latest Dish and think you should too!I, like many of the other positive reviews, am as big a carnivore as you've seen since the movie Jurassic Park.  In fact, maybe bigger, as I have figured out the intricacies of the door handle as well as the magic that most of you guys like to call "glass."  But that being neither here nor there, the Seitan Meatloaf (and yes, I was super disappointed when both the meatloaf and the burger on their menu were vegetarian) was spectacular.  I felt like I was suddenly transported into Forrest Gump and was being fed true Southern Comfort Food, only more PC.  
We didn't have appetizers, but we *did* have drinks and dessert, and I can say that the drinks were pretty damn good (I like the half hoegaarden half guinness idea, while not totally original, totally lovely) and their beer menu was extensive.  The desserts were pretty good, but then again, any time you can get the words "cheese" and "cake" into the same clause I'm down like a clown to bury my face in it.  Bread Pudding was okay - a little dry, could've used a little something else served with it - but definitely sufficient.
All in all I'll be back, if anything to sample empanadas and other various forms of fried deliciousness I saw on the appetizer menu.This place is delicious.  I'm an avid meat-eater, and I can't get enough of the seitan meatloaf...it's just that good.  They always have a good beer selection on tap, and the waitstaff has always been friendly, even when the kitchen is slammed.  Proces are reasonable, too.  I'll be back here often.Latest Dish is the kind of place where the seating really matters. The quarters for most table are very tight, but there is one nice private two top and a table that can hold about 6 in the left hand corner. Getting these table will vastly improve the dining experience.
We were more for appetizers than dinner. Which were good, but a little over spiced. I would have like to be able to taste more of the food and less of the burn.
There beer menu is big and has enough variety to make most people happy.
We were there on Saturday and the music was turned up way too loud. I've head that it's not always so loud.Went here a couple of times based on a friends recommendation and it definitely was worth it. Interesting menu that provides a wide variety of choices backed up by very good quality of food... decent beer selection...
Probably my favorite place to grab a bite around South Street...A solid 3 stars for a no-frills South Street restaurant. I hate cheesesteaks (I know) and really don't care for all the pizza and pricey Middle Eastern fare in the area. The Latest Dish is a cozy, modest bar/restaurant. The staff were all very friendly and pleasant. This is an extremely casual place with a tidy, well-stocked bar. The menu is pretty small but it has some tasty items. We had the mac and cheese, duck eggrolls, and the drumettes. The egg rolls were tasty and crisp and the portion of drumsticks was really great for the price.
Halfway through the meal, I was really surprised to see a chalkboard on the wall listing specials, 80% of which were not on the menu. I would have loved to try the lemongrass mussels and green tea crème brûlée had I seen them earlier. The mac and cheese was nicely browned on top and tasted of white cheddar, no Velveeta b|s here! It is by no means the best macaroni I have ever had, but for $7, I was stuffed. I would definitely try this place again if I was in the area.i use to come here allmost every night back in the day when i work on south street, it is still the only good place to come on or around south street, but i have not been to gayle res. so i shouldn't be making that statement. as always we got the calamari, it is the best in the city, great selection of booze and great atmosphere, and service.This is my favorite restaurant in Philly. Of course I have not been to ALL of them, but I don't really feel the need to experience any others because I have The Dish.  This is my birthday, special occasion, or just for the heck of it spot.
The calamari is HANDS DOWN the most fantastic calamari ever.  I order it every single time I go and every single time it's cooked to perfection.  Never chewy or rubbery.  And it comes with a delicious dipping sauce.
The mac and cheese is incredible.  Salads, sides, entrees.....  incredible.
The staff is friendly and efficient.  The bartenders make the best dirty martinis every time.  The location is convenient.  Youngish, hip crowd.
You will not be disappointed.Last night I had yet another fantastic experience at The Latest Dish.  Now I can't say for certain but do to a complete staff switch, I am wondering if they changed owners?  If so, they did it without skipping a beat!
The Latest Dish offers a solid menu with a variety of flavors (and some great vegetarian options including a seitan meatloaf), a fantastic beer selection AND an ever changing array of specials including an empanada of the day which is always worth a taste.  Menu highlights for me include the mac and cheese (absolutely the best in the area) with a rich and smooth cream sauce with just enough of a crust to make your mouth explode with flavor, the girlled chicken sandwich (bleu cheese, bacon, garlic mayo...need I say more?) and the various salads including a caesar with potato croutons!
They also offer an awesome variety of daily desserts which have never disapointed me favorites include the creme brulee and the flourless cakes.  Always divine.
All this in a casual, hip environment and completely affordable.  I would highly reccomend this place in general and as a great date spot!  Be careful with a group more than 4 or so, there isn't a ton of group seating.Came here based on the yelp reviews for dinner.  For apps we ordered the empanadas and chips and guacamole.  I wasn't blown away...especially since my lil bro makes some pretty good guac.
For my entree I had the Chilean sea bass, which I know is on the "red list" but it is so yummy!!  The fish was just ok, it was over cooked. 
The best part of my entree was actually the potato bacon pancake..mmm bacon!!!
The vibe was nice and chill, the service was awesome!!
I would go back, but Be aware that I think 4 stars might be too much = /Decent beer list,  b+ mojito(fresh but small pour on the rum) .
The hanger steak is awesome, super tender for that cut.  Chicken tacos were hefty and delicious. Guacamole was fresh, but over-processed, i like mine simple and chunky.  The chips were cut from half a large tortilla fried,  which was nice for  pig like me because i'll eat a whole basket.  Brussels sprouts and bacon never does me wrong, great special side item.
the Bread pudding with bourbon, (which i took home and am devouring now) is fantastic.
The server/bartender dod a great job, especially considering she was running the whole show.  I'll be back for the steak.The mac n cheese is the stuff of dreams--especially if you're soused from drinking all day, and need a little pick me up.  Their margaritas and mojitos are surprisingly refreshing, when you decide, after inhaling the mac, that's it's time to resume immmmmbiiiibationsinings.....thud.  oops fell off my bar stool.
Go now.I am not claiming that The Latest Dish has super-natural powers, but I am certainly not denying it either. 
It seems as though whenever I go to dine here, I just have to mutter the words I wish to have and the server interrupts with:
"Wish?! Did somebody say WISH!?!" 
And right before my very eyes is a one headed genie asking me to repeat after him "Meka Leka Hi Meka Hiney Ho!" 
***Poof***
The Best Macaroni & Cheese magically appears right in front of me!  
"Wish is Granted, Long live Jambi" and vanishes as fast as he came.
The magic show doesn't end there. The Latest Dish has a few other tricks up their sleeves:
*  Hypnotic Cocktails: Their clairvoyant alchemists conjure up some of Philly's best Hocus Pocus Potions and Elixir Fixers at a reasonable cost ($6-11). I suggest the champagne cure-alls. But be warned, one too many can make you feel as though you are David Blaine levitating in mid-air so try to keep your feet planted firmly on the bar stool.
*  Crab & Cheese Wontons:  These deep fried envelopes of cheesy goodness always seem to disappear faster then you can say Abracadabra! 
*  Crispy Calamari: Great texture and taste, and a superb dipping sauce. But don't bother asking how its done, like any good magician, the don't reveal their secret recipe. 
*  Style & Grace: From the copper top bar and tables to the walls adorned with carefully selected artwork fosters a hip but unpretentious aura. 
*  An Extensive Beer List lets you pick your nightly poison, whether it be a highly potent Belgian you crave or an alluring local Brew, they have them all.
*  Lovely Assistants: well-versed servers with mind-reading capabilities make for an enchanting experience from start to finish.
There is no smoke and mirrors to this positive review. I predict that after just one visit, the Latest Dish will cast a spell so mesmerizing; you will want to lock yourself inside and throw away the key.I've been here maybe 4 or 5 times, and every time, its been 5 stars. Would have never known about this place until a friend visiting from California (who lived here before) took us there. Man, what a find. 
Fiance and I went there last night around 8:30. Was able to grab two places at bar. Bartender was attentive throughout the evening. We both felt like we were given ample time to enjoy our cocktail before dinner arrived, enjoy dinner, and have a second cocktail without feeling rushed. 
I ordered the Chilean sea bass w/ herb risotto and spinach. My fiance ordered seitan meatloaf, which comes with mashed potatoes, green beans, and mushroom gravy (not real gravy). Delicious. The sea bass was crispy on the outside and moist and flaky on the inside. The risotto was done perfectly, and the spinach was wilted but still bright green. My fiance has ordered the meatloaf before and it remains her favorite, and she's not vegetarian or vegan. 
Overall, every time is great. I highly recommend this place.I try to hold off on writing reviews until I've either eaten at a place a few times, or had a few dishes, however I bend that rule a bit while traveling.  I was in Philly for an evening, and was treated to a meal here.  The ambiance is alright, simple, clean, there is a large bar which takes up most of the room.  One thing i really like is the open kitchen.  Kinda of exciting to watch the chefs move back and forth, even from a distance.  Move of the menu did not excite me, lots of beef and vegan alternatives, quite a strange mix... Seeing how busy the place was, i figured the Salmon was a safe bet.  It was excellent.  The best part was the super crispy and delicious skin, perfectly flat.  Nice size portion too.  Everyone else at the table loved the meal.  Menu was not great, but i do recommend this place, the chefs certainly know how to cook, the staff is very nice and the meal is affordable.This may be my new favorite spot in Philly! Sorry Kanella, you know I ADORE you but I have only been to TLD once and it has already won a special, snuggly spot in my heart! My boyfriend took me their last Wednesday for my birthday dinner. I was doing some research on yelp that week trying to find a good spot to go. Thanks to all of your good reviews I decided to go with TLD.( Their menu on their site looked great too). 
It was so affordable! For 2 people with a beer, a soda, a hot tea, tofu spring rolls, a tilapea dish., seitan meatloaf and the chocoalte silk the bill was only $55! The food was awesome. I will admit, that I had super high hopes for the tofu spring rolls and was slightly  disapointed. They were just okay. For my entree I went with seitan meatloaf. WOW! That was awesome! The whipped potatoes rocked! Also the green beans were fabulous! I am sometimes reluctant to order green beans when I go out becasue they always seem to be under cooked, but not here! They were the best green beans I have ever ordered. The entire meal was lovely! Also the chocolate slik(which was this decedent, flour-less chocolate cake) was incredible! Best birthday dinner, hands down!
The place is really tiny but super cute. I love the little open kitchen! I suggest everyone try this little gem out!Great place to take a date when on south street. Wontons are great!I love this place!  The staff is awesome and Tiff is the BESTEST!!!!!!  She knows how to make a drink!  Conversation is nice, food to the best...I love the the chicken & roasted potatoes the most but everything on the menu is FABULOUS!!!!!  IF YOU ARE LOOKING FOR SOMEWHERE TO GO ON A WEEKEND FOR DINNER THE LATEST DISH IS THE PLACE!  And make sure you make room for dessert!pretty good.  they have a good beer selection - draft and bottles - and an interesting menu.  plus, they're open later than anywhere else in the neighborhood.This is the kind of neighborhood restaurant that I'd visit every few weeks - unpretentious, good patrons and staff, and a solid menu.  The appetizers were basic but the chef managed to fuse the max amount of flavor in them.  The side dishes were delicious, and even though the salmon entree wasn't exactly my thing, it was well prepared and the sweet potato hash beds were fantastic.
They've got great taste in wine/beer too, and I've gotta wonder how they found these selections.  Montevina is a friend's winery in California, and you don't often see it in the East or the South.  Hitachino Nest from Japan?  I had the ginger ale and it was just what the doctor ordered.  
Highly recommended for a casual and excellent dinner, especially for the value.  Props!SO SO GOOD. It's a tiny little place, with hardly any walking room and wobly tables, and you can even see through to the kitchen, but so worth it. It's a nice, calming, almost romantic feel with the candlelight--if it weren't for the background music vibrating through the walls and ceiling from their upstairs club "Fluid", it would be a lot more one-on-one. But the food was out of this world! The salads are phenominal, and I had the best salmon dish I think I've ever had in my entire life. I will definitely be going back to try more food!This is my go-to place on South Street. I know there are a lot of cozy Italian BYOs around, and that's great for the right occasion, but I'd rather hit The Latest Dish any day of the week. The restaurant is cozy, the food hasn't let me down, and the beer list is divine. I've seen beers here I haven't seen for years elsewhere. The service wasn't amazing the first time I went a few months ago. The service at the bar was great last time, though, and I left very happy and a little tipsy off of two La Fin du Mondes (Les Fins du Monde?).Saturday night, my dinner companion and I were actually going to Ralph's but the wait was over an hour. So we headed down South Street to see what we could find. I remembered hearing about The Latest Dish and was glad to see that they had a table open for two right away. Everything sounded so good between the menu and the specials I couldn't decide. I opted for the crispy roasted salmon with sweet potato pancakes, asparagus, chive sour cream and mustard oil. The presentation was gorgeous. But the taste was even better. My dinner companion had the grilled filet mignon white cheddar gratin, seared spinach, fried onion rings and a burgundy demi glace. It was done to perfection. The service was warm and attentive. All around us were people ooo-ing and ahh-ing over their meals. This is a place we would go back without hesitation!I really enjoy this place, inconspicuous from the outside, really cool bar inside. I particularly enjoy the Grilled Chicken Sandwich, hits the spot every single time. One of my favorite spots to get lunch in Philly.There's nothing I can add to the current reviews to make this place sound any better. I have been to this place a few times since 2004 when I had my first date with my husband and the food has always been awesome. The service was great this past time (Sorry, didn't catch her name) and we were there early so we got the coveted window corner table.
My go to dishes are the crab & cheese wontons, the calamari or chicken drumettes, and of course the filet mingon w/ the au gratin potatoes, spinach and crispy onions. The secret to this place is the sauces. Every dish is totally awesome thanks to the amazing sauces on each dish. The wontons sit in pool of liquid yes, the calamari and drumettes come with a sweet & sour Thai kind of pink delicious and the filet is bathed in beefy reduced awesome. This is a roll your eyes in the back of your head kind of place.
So many DJs and crew have flown through and eaten here before a night out at Fluid, and although I don't really go clubbing anymore, I still go out of my way to come to the Latest Dish when I can. The beer selection is great, although if you like the Dirty Hoe (Hoegaarden and Lambec), it will cost you since the Lambec isn't on tap. However, you can try one of their other wheat beers for much cheaper and come out with 2 Different Dirty Hoes for $11, while the true Dirty will set you back $17 for 2. But who cares....you are here for the food or GTFO! Nom nom nom.The Dish is a cult classic in Queens Village.  Deep fried cream cheese and crab wontons in a sweet soy bath and creamy "crack 'n cheese" are oh so right in a world full o wrongs.Stopped in to the Latest Dish last night for drinks. I've always loved this place and have been coming here for over 10 years. It had been a while since my last visit and I didn't order any food last night so I can't really review that. I do however remember that the Mac n cheese was always really good. They have a good beer selection, always have. It's actually one of the first places I ever ordered craft beers. My wife and her friends got some tasty tea drink off the menu. It was strong, and tasty. The Latest Dish is a true hidden gem.I know the Latest Dish has been around forever but finally tried it for the first time last night.  Small place downstairs.  Small tap list but some nice beers on like Oskar Blues Ten Fidy (10.5% imperial stout in a 16 oz. pint for $7!).  Then again their beer list was outdated and they were out of 2 of the 3 IPAs listed.  Later got a Blue Coat martini for $9.  Service was somewhat lackluster - our servers were not very pleasant - however, the dish I ordered made up for it.  The grilled chicken sandwich ($11) came with garlic mayo and blue cheese on a caramelized onion focaccia roll.  Absolutely delicious.  One of the best sandwiches I've ever had.  Frites were good as well.  A bit pricy, but if you order the right dish you may be pleasantly surprised.Always good food from the fish tacos to the strawberry and praline bread pudding. One of my fave places to eat.Deceiving name and appearance from the outside. The place is very quaint and excellent was food. Service was also super friendly. I'd recommend it!I've been going to the Latest Dish for about 6 years now and it is easily one of my favorite spots in all of Philadelphia. First of all, I go to a lot of concerts in this area and I find my way to the TLA around the corner from here quite often. I'm really not into fast food or greasy Philly treats (yes, cheesesteak and pizza, I mean you) so whenever I know I'm heading out to South Street and want consistently amazing homemade food, this is my numero uno destination. 
Cozy atmosphere with a friendly staff greet me with soothed lighting and a full bar upon my arrival every single time. While there are so many tourist attractions to deter the average passerby from entering this unassuming place, the Latest Dish always has a few groups of people quietly enjoying the small but varied menu items with a few of their friends over the bar's wonderful array of drinks. While menu items usually offer the same entrees with varied sides throughout the year, a "Specials" menu is listed on the blackboards hanging on the walls for those looking to experiment with more seasonal delicacies. New drinks, appetizers, entrees, and desserts are always offered and let me tell you- I've never once picked a losing choice. 
Another thing I absolutely love is that every plate is perfectly portioned..... at least for me it is. I always finish every last bite of my meal and never feel uncomfortable afterward; I feel pleasantly plump and even have enough room to kick back a few whiskeys while I'm there. Mmmm, they have Knob Creek. :) Or try out their craft beers! Where they fit all those bottles is beyond me but they certainly have a beautiful selection for every palette. Because I've frequented this place so many times, the bartender always makes my mixed drinks especially strong (bless her) and makes sure that I'm properly taken care of right away when my last few sips are lingering. As always, you treat them well and they will certainly reciprocate to the best of their abilities. 
This may sound weird but I've never tried their Mac and Cheese.... probably because it's so damn easy to make on my own. I always get my Vietnamese Veggie Rolls with Shrimp because it's just so refreshing! The pleasant crunch of fresh vegetables and perfectly paired sauce (hoison with a little sriracha and crushed peanuts) make this a staple for my every visit. I also have their mussels whenever they're on the specials board because the sauce is always plentiful and robust with herbs and delicate oils which make it perfect for dipping. (My mouth is watering just thinking about it.)  I'm surprised that throughout all of these reviews, I have not seen anyone mention the pan-seared salmon!!! This is a MUST if you love seafood just because of the burst of flavor each salmon steak holds with just the right amount of moisture locked under the perfectly crisped layer of skin. Paired with delightfully subtle but aromatic curried cous-cous and cauliflower, this dish is hard to bypass. To be quite honest, over the years, they've taken to pairing some of the most sensational sides with their salmon- it doesn't even matter what they choose, it always complements this filling fish. (Although I do miss their sweet potato pancake option with a beautiful mint-green sauce I was never able to place....sour cream with something or other.) I also love their citrus marinated tilapia but haven't really been a fan of the potatoes they have started offering as a side over the rice and beans they used to. Either way, their fish always seems to melt in your mouth til the very last bite.... for me, this can be a slow process as I like to savor every bite individually.... 
In all, I love taking my friends here because there is something for everyone. I can think of at least 20 friends I have brought to this place (all with varied tastes) and not a single one was disappointed. Come hungry and leave extremely satisfied- both physically and mentally, you'll be completely relaxed and ready for any concert after this meal.  And don't forget to tell the wonderful chefs that you enjoyed the meal- they DO listen and take your criticism/compliments very serious. I love this place!You wouldn't imagine from the location, but this place has some decent dishes. Their chips and guacamole are so so so good. The rest of their menu items are a bit gourmet (dumplings, hamburger with blue cheese and Gorgonzola). I recommend stopping in for lunch of dinner if you've never been.
If you are eating in, note that the dining room is really small and sometimes the place can get lout.Definitely not the same old, same old!
Sweet potato tacos, fried bologna sandwich, watermelon salad and Brussels sprouts with bacon. Add to that a great selection of beers and this place was perfect for some fifty-something's from the burbs in town for the Fringe festival.
Will definitely return.