Great experience I saw this place on Tim Delaghetto's YouTube page and I made a trip to try it out from DC....tried the Salmon and Philly Twist EggRolls both delicious! Also great service absolutely recommend!Excellent food. Love the twist on traditional food. Give them a try you will love it. Also excellent customer service. Wish the truck wasn't so far from my neck of the wood. But except food, excellent service, worth the drive.Literally the best food truck in the city, egg rolls are to DIE FOR, twisted juices are amazing. Great service great portions. If I could eat here everyday I would.I was tagged in the better box over w year ago. Before the food truck & was added it to "the list". Recently a YouTuber came & raved which made my decision to come immediately! I'm glad I did. The truck opens at 12:30 but line starts to form way before that that. Today my wife & I got in line about 12 & it was a few people ahead of us. It was cold & rainy but that didn't stop the show. Firecracker salmon, twisted chicken (our favorite) Philly twist, & cajun jawn (2nd Favorite) eggrolls, & fried rice was what we tried this trip. 
The eggrolls were crunchy w a lot of flavor they all were good but that twisted chicken is on another level of amazing! The cajun jawn $7 (shrimp & crab) was also amazing!! All seafood too no fillers. The fried rice was just okay I wasn't too impressed w that but once I added their special sauce to it omg it was a party in my mouth lol. I will Definitely be returning here asap!!!Highly recommend the catering! The egg rolls and fried rice were the perfect addition to my cocktail party! Everyone thought they were delicious! 
The owner delivered the food - she was absolutely lovely! If you're having a party - give this small Philadelphia business a chance, you won't be disappointed and your guests will be delighted!I've been here a couple of times. The first time I got the twisted chicken & philly cheesesteak eggs rolls. They were pretty tasty & a nice size. The second time I ordered 2 twisted chicken egg rolls & the chicken fried rice. The egg rolls shrunk drastically in size and they were brunt. The chicken fried rice consisted of flavorless rice with a couple of pieces of dried chicken on top. It wasn't good at all. I'm wondering if this place just had an off day or if they have an issue with being consistent with their food. Another thing I noticed is that you never smell food coming from this truck so I gather the food is pre-made elsewhere. All together I'd say this place is average at best, nothing special.Food is delicious and the staff is extremely friendly fly I'll be returning very very soon!!!Great food especially if you're in the mood for something different. I've had a couple rolls but the firecracker salmon and Cajun jawn were my favorites. The cookies were great as wellLove their creative style n cuisines was one thing I can say u have never had. Flavor sensors will thank you n say gimmie more. Which explain the line ur Meal is prepared fresh & with love check them out if u in the Philly area it's a must! Black Owned  so Putting a twist on Asian fusion made the try worth it!Delicious, enjoyable and a fun twist to the egg roll. I had the Angry Chicken Roll  and for dessert, I had the Sweet Potato Cheesecake  it is worth giving this place a try.  The first time my husband and I tried them, we purchased our deliciousness from the food truck.  My husband was elated to find out that they have a brick and mortar located blocks from his place of employment.Concept is pretty cool but the food is mediocre. I got the Cajun jawn eggroll, which was tasty but nothing special,  and the general tsos chicken cheesesteak. I saw this from a YouTube review and have been wanting to try it for a while. The cheesesteak was very large and filling.I had the general tso chicken fries WTF not good at all, buffalo chicken cheesesteaks wasn't the worst but far from good. The cheese steak roll super greasy wouldn't recommend. Price is reasonable. I probably wouldn't eat here againEeehhh NO! Bad impression for my first visit ,or maybe i made the wrong choices. I ordered the better box special , philly twist & chicken egg roll  it was dry AFand tasted like nothing special at all , only thing I enjoyed was the pineapple twist juice and the butter cookies . So disappointedConcept is pretty cool but the food is mediocre. I got the Cajun jawn eggroll, which was tasty but nothing special Esp,  and the general tsos chicken cheesesteak. I saw this from a YouTube review and have been wanting to try it for a while. The cheesesteak was very large and filling.The Better Box has been sitting in my Bookmarks for awhile. The Mister decided to encouraged me to go on this food excursion and see what this spot was all about. Plus with the power of Social Media is what led us to this place. Believing the hype I guess.
It's a small place with its own lot shared alongside with Rita's Water Ice. Inside there's high counter tops with stools if you want to eat in, but normally people place their orders for on the go. Seems like a bit of a wait, but the lines get steady through at a pace.
We ordered three different type of rolls. Cajun Jawn, Firecracker Salmon, and Philly Twist. The Cajun Jawn was hands down the best. Nice portion of Lump Crab Meat. Also got General Tso Chicken Cheesesteak. Big burst of flavors popping. My only thing was I did not like the choice of baguette. Too thick and toasty for my taste. Than we had a side order of Shrimp Fried Rice. That as well I didn't like. Not your typical Asian style that you would get a fast food Chinese joint, so it was grainy in texture. However, their cookies, were buttery deliciously good! 
Prices for the sandwiches were standard and reasonable. For the rolls, it's one cut in halves, so it could be a bit steep. Non the less we enjoyed our time there and don't mind making another visit.Food is great but like most black owned business that we so desperately want to support, service and systems in place are TERRIBLE.
We ordered our food at 2:36pm on a Friday and it took three hours for the food to be delivered. After two hours we tried to get our money back and we couldn't get through. Finally we call and a women says our food is 30 mins away.
We tried to comment on their Instagram page and they deleted our comments. I think I will not be supporting this business again.Roll was burnt and flavorless, rice was old and greasy, cheescake was soaked in caramel sauce and inedible. For a new restaurant on Spring Garden, I am disappointed, there are so many other CONSISTENT establishments.I know what you're thinking, how do you screw up an egg roll? Well gentle reader I'm asking myself the same question. I don't get it. Egg rolls are one of life's simplest pleasures. Perhaps the blind ambition at Better Box is their worst enemy because I would rather a basic B corner store egg roll than the fancy stuff here. I sampled two flavors from this location and they went from just ok to bland AF. The cheesesteak egg rolls are the just ok flavor. They were passable but definitely not the best. Lots of places are making cheesesteak egg rolls these days so the competition is fierce. I feel like the outer shell is too dry and takes away from the finished product. I needed copious amounts of ketchup to choke it back. The second flavor was Buffalo chicken, and it was remarkable in its complete lack of flavor. It tasted like crispy air. I've never tasted Buffalo anything that was so bland. The only way to make these passable is with their side dipping sauces which are pretty good especially the drip sauce. I wanted to try the general tso egg roll but that was not available at this location. That sounded more promising. But I think I'll stick to the traditional egg roll experience.Poor customer service, long lines, long wait time, and always run out of food. 
The first time I went to this food truck I asked if they accepted credit cards. The cashier rudely said "Why wouldn't we". I brushed it off cause I still wanted to try their food. I shouldn't have.
Fast forward to the store location - Wanted to add a juice to my order after spending $20+ on a sandwich & eggrolls and leaving a 15% tip. Was told I would have to go to the back of the line. Expressed my disappointment on their Instagram and was deleted and blocked. They offered no solutions and tried to argue their point by saying I should have asked the next person in line to get in front of them. Wow. Never treated so poorly at a business I supported. I have over 10 years in customer service and this is not how you do business. The food is not worth the poor service trust me.Last weekend after spending so much time in Maryland indulging on seafood. I needed a taste of Philly with a twist. I ordered from the Fairmont location. It was hot and on time. It was perfect. It was so perfect that my coworkers were upset I didn't tell them. They actually ordered for them selves and had food delivery with the next hourI went here for the first time after seeing it on social media. I decided to make my way to this food truck after hearing good things about the food. The fact that this company is black owned is definitely a plus. I got there maybe a half an hour after it opened and there was a line. I made sure to know what I wanted to order beforehand. The prices are a little pricey, but they have a lot of specials. I ordered the Better Box special with the firecracker salmon egg roll and the Philly twist eggroll, along with twisted fries and a strawberry haze lemonade. It cost me a little under $15. The cashier was so nice and attending. She let me know the wait would be 15-20 minutes. It ended up taking 10 minutes. The egg rolls were phenomenal. The fries were okay; I like less chess whizz and more american or cheddar cheese on my fries. The lemonade was delicious. I will definitely come back so I can try the general tso's cheesesteak.Went here for dinner. Might I say food was pretty good. Got the general tsos cheesesteak and 3 orders of egg rolls with some cheese fries. The Sandwich was really good and filling saved half for later. The egg rolls were really good. The only downside was the space of the building. But other than that it was really good and i would highly recommend if any one is in the area or leaving the Mall.Food was good for what I ordered but the customer service was definitely not worth the effort. I attempted to call in a order but was referred to placing the order online. After the online site tells me that I can't put a order in online I called back only for the person answering the phone to basically tell me to kick rocks. Again food is good but not good enough for subpar service.(New store front review) 
It's crazy how location can change the value of food in a bad way smh. I've been to the store front twice & both times egg rolls were Burnt & Oily! I'm not sure if they are refried for "freshness" or the actual eggroll wrapper has changed but it's not a good look. I would rather wait in a long line at their old food truck for better food then have a shorter wait time & oily egg rolls. Idk what changed but it needs to be fixed asap. The taste is still pretty good but the quality is definitely not.My first experience with the Better Box was at their Food Truck in Olney when the menu was much more limited. I was able to enjoy their unique eggrolls from the truck, which were absolutely delicious. Since then, they have expanded to two brick and mortar locations and another location inside a Shoprite. 
Recently, I had the opportunity to stop by their Fairmount location and tried the General Tso's Chicken Cheesesteak and Crab Curly Fries. Due to COVID restrictions, I got my food to go and enjoyed it at home. The cheesesteak was interesting- consisting of shredded chicken breast, General Tso's sauce, broccoli, and cheese on a long roll. Personally, I found the sauce to be far too sweet, but the cheesesteak was robust and could easily serve two. It's a great option for those who enjoy a sweeter sauce. The curly crab fries were DELICIOUS. The crab meat was jumbo lump, seasoned well, and the fries were fried nicely. I just wish they didn't get so soggy in the styrofoam container on the way home. 
I absolutely recommend the eggrolls (all of them) and the crab fries. The cheesesteak just wasn't for me.Welcome to the neighborhood The Better Box!!  Love the perfectly portioned bites.  Had the firecracker salmon roll and it was exceptional. We will be back for sure.Was just there for the first time, the egg rolls are transcendent, the buffalo chicken cheese fries were the best I've ever had, can't wait to go back, if you're in the area check it out, you'll be glad you didThe food is delicious but unfortunately we will not be going back because of the customer service. The girl at the window is so rude and ignorant it's enough to turn anyone away. I can't believe they allow someone like this to work at their place of business! Such a shame because this is what ruins places like this!Not your typical lunch special. Definitely the better box! This place isn't in the greatest location but the buzz surrounding it is great enough to gain traction. I love this placeAfter seeing and hearing about this place, I decided to bring my mother and to see what the hype was about. Wel BAAAABY let me tell you, this food was BOMB. And to Ms. Thang behind the counter, you ain't have to do me like that with the sweet potato cheesecake. Omg that was so divine. I will be backAwesome food friendly staff pleasant and patient during Covid I was surprised at how good the rolls were I heard about them and couldn't wait to taste there food and I must say I was more than pleased. Great job you guys and keep up the good work(Fairmount location)
Right off jump I'm gonna go ahead and say it...The philly egg rolls are exactly what a philly egg roll should look like. Don't be fooled by imitation philly egg rolls, they won't an will not ever compare to Better box. Size an crispy outsides packed with philly goodness. Treat your taste buds with a walk down a new path, get your self the General tso cheesesteak. Direct quote from my wife 
" I'm f*ckin giving better box five stars for the cheesesteak, f*ckin messy but damn it's hittin"I was going to let the situation go and chalk this up as a lost however since the business responded to me saying my review was "dishonest" I'm now going to let them know about yourself. The better box has terrible food and then accused me of lying about how terrible the food was even after I posted pictures to go along with it. Not only is the food trash but the customer service is just as bad, I would never spend another dime at this place. Look at this garbage! It was nasty and it was the consistency of cat food and it was hard as a rock. The food wasn't even edible, I paid too much for the food to be absolutely tragic. You might be a small business but that's not an excuse to serve trashy food. Like i said I wanted to like it but the food suck and so does the customer service, this company definitely needs to learn to make better food and have a more appeasing customer service. Honestly y'all need to do better.My family came from Lehigh Valley area to try there food. My husband saw a commercial and we drove down. Everyone was very satisfied with the Philly Cheesesteak Egg roll. Very well seasoned. We will differently come back.I've been meaning to write this review for some time. I tried this joint when they first opened up. Cajun jawn was pretty good. Rice was terrible. Long line, long wait, kinda pricey.. I would consider giving them a second chance but the food made me nauseous. Not worth the risk. Sorry to say I can't recommend Better Box.A hot mess. I haven't given a place this bad a review in quite sometime. First off they were literally out of half the things on their already sparse menu. They offer six rolls and did not have three of them. They also did not have ANY fried rice or anything with the salmon in it. We ordered two of the same basic roll (Philly) and it took forever to make. I guess there was only one person cooking but he decided to make all the to go orders in front of ours even though we were standing there. I wouldn't think it would be too hard to put two Eggrolls in the oil and get them out to us in a reasonable amount of time. Or I still don't understand why the young lady who took our order wasn't capable of multitasking between customers and cooking a couple of egg rolls. The thing that really made this a horrible experience was the "security" guard who opens and closes the door for you who was wearing a mask Underneath his nose. That person did not make me feel secure he made me scared that I would get Covid. It was worn beneath his nose as he opened and closed the door the whole time we were there..... which as stated was a long time. The cook was also wearing his mask beneath his nose. The young lady that helped us was sweet but as many young employees was on her phone the whole time.  I don't get the Chinese food reference as it seems like more of a cheesesteak and fry place. The only Chinese food they have are the egg rolls but again they were out of half of them. I will NOT be back here. Again as evidenced by ALL my reviews it is rare for me to write a review this bad but in this case it was merited.I think this place might be expanding too quickly. Before the pandemic I was a better box fannnn! I just went today for the first time in a year and Quality has gone down drastically. The general tso cheesesteak sauce has gotten soooooo sweet it's more like a honey chicken cheesesteak honestly now. And the chicken was less shredded and more gigantic tough dry chunks. So sad to see! And the prices have been raised a few times which I would get over for quality but I threw away half of the cheesesteak for the first time. I probably won't go back again since other recent reviews seem to echo my experience and it wasn't just a bad day. 
I'm giving an extra star just because the girl at the counter has always been so nice to me. Many complain about service but I've never had any less than awesome from her! 
Hopefully they can get back to their roots one dayI've been twice so far. Once to the truck and once the store opened I went to the store. Food is delicious and you get so much! So..... order the general tso chicken fries and follow up with the peach tea and cookies!! The general tso salmon cheesesteak  is yummy but very messy so be prepared! Customer service (most important) is great! All smiles and warm  and inviting. Very polite staff! Must try!!The food was off the chain!!! On December 30th after seeing this place on JL Jupiter TV we had to try it and we were happy!!! I had the salmon egg roll my wife had the PHILLY cheesesteak egg roll my son had the Cajun jawn and my daughter had the general tso's fries!! We didn't even leave before we were talking about what we were getting next time!! Great place, great staff and awesome food!!! Thanks to the Better Box and JL Jupiter for putting us on!!! Can't wait to come back!!! Keep up the great work!!! Oh yeah, my wife got the sweet potato cheesecake and wow!!! Enough said!!!If you're looking for a place that has an alternative unique take on eggrolls, this is the spot. My mom and my sister tried here before i did. They spoke very highly of it. We went today and I ordered the Cajun Jawn and the salmon egg rolls, my mom and sister ordered a better box to split with the salmon and the twisted chick with the shrimp fried rice. Let me tell you, this place did NOT disappoint. We ordered online and it was ready at the time they said it would be. I absolutely loved the salmon. It wasn't dry and it was super flavorful and has subtle heat. It came with teriyaki sauce on the side. Now the Cajun jawn, i was excited for but not all too crazy about. It... tasted fishy to me. But my mother loved it and she's a seafood connoisseur. I tried the twisted chick and loved it.  The flavors are present and marry very well together. I highly recommend this place.Drove here after seeing it on YouTube. Expecting so much and ready to eat, I was let down. First Off the customer service was was bad. The girl at the window was rude and dismissive. I really didn't get it. Then i tried to add something to my order and they got upset and we had a stare down . 
Now to the food. Decent at best. I got the salmon cheesesteak which had nice flavor but nothing to travel for. Decent sandwich. But the egg rolls were not that good. I mean the salmon one was dry and actually nasty. The cheesesteak one was plain and flavorless. I live in the DC area and Twin Dragon makes farrrrrr bigger and better egg rolls than this. I wanted to love it, but between the bland egg rolls and the rude cashier, it just didn't do it for me.
SN: the cashier seemed to have decent communication with others so to be fair it might just be me she didn't like. But all I can do is tell my experience.Wanted to check this place out since before  the pandemic.  Highly disappointed, fries were just ok.  Couldn't even get more than half the general Tso sandwich down,  eggroll w salmon fair.  Not cheap and certainly not worth the trip over the bridge.I really hate to give this them two stars however I've been to several locations multiple times and they have been closed. I finally got to try the eggrolls and was disappointed maybe I expected too much. However my main issue was the hours and days that they're open isn't very convenient for your customers.I was so excited to try this place because of the hype on the cheesesteak eggrolls. Over all, so very disappointed. They were very plain and and not very hot , even though we waited long for the order . The general Tsos cheesesteak just tasted plain as well and the quality of meat was not that great. Will not be returning .I checked out the food truck to see what all the hype I'd been hearing was all about, well let me tell you, it was worth the 30 min drive! Food was fresh, hot & delicious. It is a little more expensive than standard Chinese egg rolls but then again it's NOT standard everyday egg rolls. Give the Better Box A Try, you will not be disappointed!!I put this place on my "must try" list months ago, but never got the chance to visit until today. I placed an online breakfast order for 2 bacon, egg, and cheese biscuits this morning as soon as I got up. My order was accepted and I was hype to finally taste food from The Better Box. I arrived at the establishment, called to let them know I was in the lot and I was told to approach the pick-up/no contact window. I did, and my order was handed to me promptly. 
I arrived at my friend's home and we dug into our sammiches (sandwiches for the proper folks). They were fantastic!!! The softness of the biscuits along with sweet and savory combination of the bacon, eggs, and cheese was divine!!! The cinnamon and sugar concoction on the side was the perfect addition. I savored every single bite. I can't wait to return to try more items on the menu. Great job, The Better Box.First time trying the firecracker salmon and the angry chick and a side of fries. Food was mediocre at best. The salmon was a little on the dry side. And the chicken was mush. I was very excited but the food was under whelming.Got and ate their angry chick at 6 that evening, went to the bathroom at 10 pm, suffered from food poisoning at 2 in the morning, still having that effect at 9 in the morning....never recommend this shitholeSuper bomb alternative to your typical chinese takeout... love the firecracker salmon rolls ! and amazing baked goods & homemade sweet raspberry tea. Personally wasn't a huge fan of the "twisted fries" they were very heavy and salty... but tasty nonetheless. Definitely want to try some of their other items and support this dope black owned business!!!I love this place. Not only do they have a great selection of stuffed, flavorful egg rolls, they make it very simple to order online and pick up time is provided when you complete your order. The drinks are great too. A little pricey if ordering for a few people but totally worth it. My faves are the Twisted Chicken, Cheesesteak and the Firecracker Salmon. They are perfectly seasoned and very filling. Absolutely recommend this place!This was my first and last time I will get food from the Better Box. The staff was very nice, but the food was not cooked well at all. Everything was burned, hard to chew, and the fries was so dry and chewy I just toss them in the trash. The flavor the rolls were there but was unbearable to eat because they were over cooked and very hard to chew. I would love to support this business, but after my experience it would be hard. The food is supposed to speaks for itself, well the Better Box food was not speaking to me.I really wanted to give them a higher rating because the food was AMAZING!!! However the customer service was not the best. From when we called to place an order the women on the phone was not very helpful in helping us navigate how to order. To then finding it 5 minutes later the ordering process was not as convenient as most sites where you order food. There was a long list of options for a single selection of their egg rolls. Then arriving to pick up our order the woman at the window was not kind and had an attitude. We ordered a good amount of food and none of it was labeled, it was left for us to figure out who got what. Again the food was phenomenal but the experience was stripped away due to the customer service.Opened in Fairmount during the inital outbreak of the pandemic, the timing was very unfortunate.  For about a week (when they were actually open) there were a bunch of people standing around waiting for their food...now that they've been operating a while, they definitely don't have that problem.  The staff sucks, the prices suck, the food is okay but nothing to go back for.  Plus the absolutely idiotic hours - who stays closed for two business days a week when you're across the street from a giant office building?
$14 for two egg rolls, a handful of soggy fries and a drink?  No thanks - I can disappoint myself just fine in my own kitchen for much less.This was my first experience at this place and it'll definitely be my last. A coworker of mine kept trying to get me to check them out and I'll admit, on their social media the pictures of their food did look very appetizing. So we went on a Sunday around 1:30ish. The line and wait at this time wasn't too bad. When I got to the window the girl taking my order gave me a huge attitude for no apparent reason. She was mumbling, I had a hard time hearing her and she would give me dirty looks as if I did something. I just brushed it off as another girl with a stank attitude. Anyway, my coworker got her food and we tasted her egg roll. Let's just say they were nothing to rave about. No outstanding flavor, not mouthwatering, they were just...okay. I got my cheesesteak and we left. When I got home I opened it and it was drenched in hot sauce. It looked absolutely disgusting and I knew I wasn't going to like it...I was right. Again, nothing special. Too much hot sauce, the bread tasted like it was old and doughy. It just wasn't good--like at all. A huge waste of $12. My coworker also said that it wasn't what she had expected either and she had been very excited to try them out. So needless to say, please save your money or go elsewhere like Delesandro's and get you a real good cheesesteak or if you want a good egg roll you're better off going to any average pizza or Chinese store. The "Better" Box is overhyped, overpriced, and basic asf. Seriously.Better Box opened up on Spring Garden last week.
I tried unsuccessfully online to order.. Cart page wouldn't load. Called.. Someone picked up the phone to take it off the hook. Phone was left off the hook for an hour.
Finally went to order in person.. I waited 10 minutes in line for someone to direct me to a touchscreen. To order. 
Explained the phone busy issue. No apologies.. We ain't takin phone orders he said. Wasted time in line waiting for a human cashier for her to tell me she doesnt take cards and to use the machine. Again no apology.
This is Fairmount. People around here are finicky for customer service and organization
People are in a rush and their time and efficiency is important.
I want to support black owned but you guys are a mess! Even on grand opening day I waited 20 minutes for an egg roll to be fried. I liked it but you guys are a mess and a hassle to deal with.The food itself was pretty good. I had read good things about this business , being both black and woman owned. I saw how far the owner had come and wanted to support her. 
However, the place is poorly lit. I believe the sign is made of some type of sealed paper, I don't know but it's not lit. Also the flashing lights around the windows are distracting and make it difficult to read the menu. The menu being hard to read, I asked the girl at the window for a menu and she snapped and said there wasn't one.I have mixed emotions about this place, specifically the Frankfort location as I haven't been to any of the others. 
When I first approached the window to order, the girl at the window was not very friendly. Not that she was mean but no greeting, not a smile etc. 
I placed my order and right off the back I couldn't get cheese fries because they were out of cheese. Fine. I sat down to wait then was called back because I also couldn't get the Cajun Jawn egg rolls or crab fries because they were out of crab! Smh. I ended up getting the Firecracker Salmon egg rolls which were really good.  Another employee in the back also gave me a free slice of sweet potato cheesecake for the inconvenience. That was also good.
So overall, what I was able to get was good. However, the customer service wasn't and the lack of "inventory" was upsetting.Yes the food was pretty good. Very oily but that is to be expected. On to the service... horrible. Please get rid of that rude, dismissive girl at the window. Her attitude is disgusting. No hello, no thank you, just her face frowned up and practically threw my bag on the counter at me and slammed the window. 
I hope she didn't make my food... geez. These type of employees will drive any business into the ground. Get rid of her. I don't care how good any food taste, I will not spend my money at this place again.The Better Box food truck was featured on Thrillist and instantly caught my attention. It took me awhile to actually get there, and, by the time I did, it was the newly opened store location. 
The menu is definitely eye popping with mouth watering egg rolls, sandwiches, and fries. I ordered the Angry Chicken, the Cajun Jawn, a General Tso's Chicken Cheesesteak, and the Chocolate Explosion Cookies. 
My favorite hot item was definitely the Angry Chicken. The flavors blend well with the fried egg roll shell. The Cajun Jawn was OK as I was expecting a little bit more cajun seasoning to enhance the flavor but it was mostly overpowered by the grease. My least favorite was the General Tso's Chicken Cheesesteak. The Thrillist video painted a picture of this packed, sauced sandwich ready for annihilation. However, the flavor was underwhelming, cheese was not melted enough (see back of sandwich in picture), and wasn't a great roll. 
All that being said - THE COOKIES ARE BOMB!!!!  I was in pure bliss eating the cookies. I would go back over and over for them. Unreal. 
Overall, it's a spot worth checking out for the experience. I think the egg rolls were actually pretty good cold. This spot should definitely open in a place like Manayunk or somewhere with nightlife because it would hit the spot at 2AM. Again, COOKIES ARE FIRE!I went to The Better Box after hearing about them being victimized by some of the locals on the news.  But also to try their interesting twist on Asian Fusion cuisine AND to support a local Black Owned Business.
I tried several of their items, all of which were very good:  The Philly Twist, Twisted Chick, Firecracker Salmon, and Cajun Jawn Eggrolls AND Sweet Cajun Salmon Cheesesteak & Buffalo Chicken Cheesesteak (Ironically, they were completely out of the Philly Cheesesteak...seriously?).
Like several others have already said, don't expect service with a smile.  Even when I expressed my thoughts and offer support at their building being vandalized, the girl at the window showed zero emotion and acted almost as if she was unaware of the incident.  VERY strange.
Service is also VERY slow, so I would strongly recommend calling your order in after looking at the menu on their website, which I'll be doing next time since they will NOT tell you when your order is ready...you have to keep going back to the window and ask "Is it ready yet?"  Minus 2 Stars for extremely slow and unfriendly service..and I placed a large order too!! Easily $50.00!!Wanted to get a cheese steak today and I was surprised at how delicious this place is.
Location: it's sorta in a sketchy area next to a Rita's. The inside seems very hip but not too big of a place to have many people in the store at once. Seats are limited and there's tables outside... But as stated earlier... Kinda sketch. 
Food:
General Tso Chicken Cheese steak - delicious and juicy. Meat is tender and the cheese was good. The bun could have been toasted and it would have been so good. 
Sweet Cajun salmon Cheese Steak - probably the best out of the rest that I ate from this store. This was delicious with it's sauce and Salmon. It was juicy and the sauce was on point. 
Twisted Fries - tasted fine but it's like any other fries, just lots of stuff in it. Pretty okay.
Philly Twist - pretty plain cheese steak. Added the sauce from the firecracker and it was delicious. 
Angry Chick - seemed like a usual buffalo  chicken egg roll. 
Firecracker Salmon - This was the best eggroll with the best sauce. Delicious salmon and the sauce went great with everything. 
Kinda greasy but will come again in the future.Hiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiii, 
I'm back with another review in the middle of the pandemic. I have sampled so many eateries that I'm promoting "Don't believe the FOOD hype," t-shirts [coming soon...]. Somebody about to bootleg that right now! LMAO So, I've now created a "Food Tally." I decided to do this moving forward In each post, because people be pumping restaurants UP!!!!!! You don't realize you've been robbed until you take your first bite. Then you have to take another bite before it registers that the blogger was either hungry AF or the owner gave them a couple of dollars to take our few dollars. You follow me.?!........I hope so.
ANYWAYS, let's jump into this. 
I give The Better Box 4-Stars!!!! I actually like them and think they have the quality food/catalog that could put them at 5-stars.
Food Tallies:
[4.5]--General Tso Cheesesteak was my favorite. I definitely recommend this sandwich when you go. 
[3.5]--Sweet Cajun Salmon Cheesesteak was very sweet, but tasty. I was looking for a hidden Cajun spice to creep up on me, but I guess I wasn't worthy of a pop-up. Furthermore, I would recommend this sandwich roll be toasted. Due to the salmon texture and other ingredients being soft, it belongs on something that CRUNCH-CRUNCH! If the Owner/Chef does that and "add" a little more heat...I promise the sandwich would go up a notch!!! 
 [4]--Cajun Jawn Eggrolls...Very good! I definitely would recommend this with the firecracker sauce. You'll have a mouth full of seafood in every bite.
Overall experience: Support. Support...and Support!
I'm Out & About. Remember to social distance and wear a mask. 
Until the Next Review,
Food Junkie J