I walked out of my way to get here based off of the good yelp reviews and I have to say, it wasn't worth it.  The hipster barista for some reason had no idea what I was talking about when I was ordering my cortado.  Then she forgot to give me my almond croissant! There was a nice older gentleman who brought me my cortado and I have to say, the coffee itself was really good! The almond croissant was just ok.  Not every pastry is baked fresh there. It was a quiet spot to bring your laptop and do work but not sure if I will go out of my way again to go there.So excited about this place! 
The owner has put his heart into building this space and it shows. The food is fantastic. I had the Chicken Jawn and Zach hooked me up with a side of his homemade pickled watermelon rinds which I am absolutely craving more of.  (Definitely try them if they have them available!) 
The interior is warm and inviting with lots of plants and sunshine. I am so looking forward to coming back on a regular basis (as it is just around the corner from my work) and supporting this wonderful cafe as they will definitely become a South Philly staple!We have utilized Living Room Cafe for a few months now with catering for a few events, and they have not disappointed! Zach has whipped together everything from wrap trays, brownie bites to fresh fruit layouts for our after work events (50-100 people), and the wraps are a favorite of all of our attendees! Zach is great to work with and very open to communication about specific needs  (such as using little to no plastic wrap, dietary restrictions, or compostable cutlery). Would recommend Living Room Cafe anytime for catering!The Kathy with an almond croissant is fantastic!! The waffles are also to die for. Delicious! Great service and an amazing atmosphere. Very laid back, and super affordable!We had the wake and bake breakfast burrito,  the turkey lurkey sandwich, latte, & power up smoothie. Great food & drinks w a hipster vibe.I came here for breakfast on Sunday with a friend. I've been wanting to come here and saw that it was on the list for Phillys hottest 17 brunch spots. I was sadly disappointed. We shared the breakfast burrito and the Preston. The breakfast burrito cannot compete with the other brunch places in philly. As for the Preston (cinnamon apple french toast with warm dulce de leche, blueberry compote); I was very excited to try this but was very disappointed. This tasted like bread pudding that was microwaved with a few blueberries baked inside drenched in chocolate syrup. There was no blueberry compote and no 'french toast'. I will likely not return. The prices are reasonable. The staff was friendly. The latte was good. They have soy milk so that is a bonus.We LOVE   this place!!! Only issue is they need to stop putting their tomatoes in the fridge. It doesn't make them last any longer, only makes them "mealy."
This place is such a pleasant break from the heavy, over-decadent, fried, artery-clogging, quadruple bipass inducing, dunlop gut creating local cuisine.Went there for breakfast, had bacon egg and cheese bagel and coffee.. Super fast and friendly service 
Great coffee ..new n clean ..wonderful staff ..will recommend and return oftenThis adorable cafe is a true gem! The new owner(Zach) & staff are super friendly and welcoming. I'm picky about coffee but this place has some real bangin drinks. I recommend the iced cappuccino, and definitely the chunky monkey smoothie!! The food menu is full of local, organic meals that you can have them make however you want with all the DIY options. :D My favorite so far is creating my own snack platter, a whole meal for $5! Not to mention incredibly delicious. 
The perfect spot for basically anything from a place to study to a cute and delightful experience with a date. I've only recently started coming here, but I can't stay away. Made it to my top 3 favorite cafes in the city! I can even do some of my grocery shopping here
Also, for those of you looking for vegan and gluten free options, they've got it!Food here was okay. Price is okay so I don't feel ripped off. I probably wouldnt come again, as the food was kind of boring and sometimes overcooked. A subpar cafe for food, but it has a unique theme and decorating style. Much of it is self serve service, you pick up your own forks, napkins, and water.
Warning. Don't get a quiche, mine was overcooked and unenjoyable and dry.I had a Casey boy, a surprisingly good sandwich, a hot cup of coffee in a rather cold fall morning. Great.
The deco was cozy and clean, and was dog-free. 
I will come back to try some espresso based drinks to see this little coffee place is warranted for five stars. 
One caution: traffic gets busy when it's time for school.Delicious food! The Chicken Jawn was to die for. Staff cares comes to check on you and makes sure your food is good. Got a free brownie for answering a trivia question (more like was given the answer). Cool set up inside, but a little small- which is to be expected. Will definitely be back!Just ok, I'd come back for coffee. The chili was very good but the chicken in my sandwich was coldI had a great experience at this cafe. I spent my Sunday here studying - they have a bright front room and spacious back room with cool decor so great options to spread out if you need to get work done. 
I ordered an iced chai latte to start and didn't like it so I reluctantly told the owner/manager (I usually hate sending orders back). He assured me that he wanted the feedback and eagerly made me another drink which was better the second time around. 
I then ordered the 'chicken jawn' for lunch which was delicious. Fresh ciabatta, juicy chicken, and great sauces to add flavor. After a while, the owner approached my friend and me to offer us a free cup of coffee since we'd been working for hours. It was such a pleasant surprise and kind offer. You can tell they're really observant and care about the customers. 
To end the day, my friend and I ordered Belgian waffles (treat yourself, right?). Again, the owner went above and beyond adding blueberries, chocolate sauce and caramel on the side even though we just ordered the basic version with syrup, powdered sugar and butter. The waffles were also delicious. 
Basically, this cafe was amazing in terms of both customer service and food quality. I will definitely be back!If you're a fan of very well prepared local and organic- (priced fairly!) This is your spot.
If we were from the area- this would be our weekly (if not daily) haunt.Went for a light brunch yesterday w my girlfriend, brother and his fiancé. Very friendly staff, who were apparently short a server, but were still very accommodating and attentive. Our food was all spectacular (2 casey boys, a breakfast burrito and a sandwich made to order) and the atmosphere was comfortable. It was unseasonably warm so we put together some tables and ate outside. 
As we were there towards the end of the lunch rush the owner/chef was able to stop by and genuinely solicited our feedback. It seems like there are a few more changes being planned (supplement existing art w that from local artists, add some couches and rugs to the seating area, etc) and it definitely seems like a spot that will really entrench itself in the neighborhood. I live in NYC but visit Philly often usually staying in queens village...this will very likely become my go to coffee and sandwich spot.Went a couple weeks ago and got the coconut vanilla latte with almond milk (still don't know why cafe's are only offering soy and almond milk when coconut milk is so much better). It was so disgusting i had to throw the whole thing away. I even had my boyfriend taste it to make sure I wasn't crazy, he also said it was gross. I added some sugar in an attempt to make it better but i didn't work. Maybe the almond milk didn't vibe well with the coconut and vanilla flavor but I would hope they'd test the drinks with non-dairy milk before serving it to customers. Willing to try this place again for their GF food, but will be sticking to tea.Went here the first time this morning. A huge place for a breakfast place and i do like the interior/furniture that they have. We ate at the backyard patio (a must). Waitress/Servers are great. There're a lot of food choices And Bacon is a must. Pet friendly too.Visited here for the first time, to get my coffee fix and test drive the Cups app in Philly while I'm visiting the 'rents. The crime brûlée latte was delicious, the service was cheerful and quick, and the place has a nice feel. I'm coming back if I can to try the food, there's a lunch counter and some seating.This place is great! Just exactly what the neighborhood needs at the moment - a cozy, comfy, friendly spot that serves fresh, well-prepared, healthy food and yummy treats. I've gotten mostly breakfast, and after-school snacks for my kids and have been very pleased with everything. The owner and his staff are accommodating, friendly, and run a tight ship - the place is clean. They will be opening a little prepared foods market right next door.Get the chicken Jawn! So good. Also I love the staff they are all so nice and they have great coffee and lattes.The menu sounded promising and tasty but I was disappointed. Everything is overpriced for what you get. 
I got a chai tea latte (good), belgian waffles with strawberries (not what I expected, it was hard and crispy instead of fluffy waffles), and a sandwich called Casey's Boy (should not be $10 because it was a regular sized piece of whole wheat bread that I could have made myself at home). The nachos were only cheese and beans. I guess that is why you have to add your own additional toppings. I like that this place and the food is healthy and organic but it isnt anything I would come back to. They also forgot my friends guacamole on the Casey Boy sandwich. The staff was kind to offer free refills on our hot drinks because the heater was broken. 
The place itself is nice and welcoming. Just feels like a living room at home with games. And very family friendly. I see this place more as a coffee shop than a good brunch spot.I've been here a handful of times. Always found food to be "ok" and wait to be ridiculously long. Like I waited 20 mins for a toasted bagel with side of cream cheese. But fine. It's a small place whatever. 
After today I'm done. Ordered a BLT over the phone and specifically requested "crispy bacon" and expressed that I don't like when the fat is slimy. Pick up the sandwich and come home to find... slimy borderline raw bacon. Are you kidding me. So I call to let them know and the "exec chef" apologizes, admits he knows what i' talking about - that my order was rushed and they cut corners, and that my next one is on the house. 
I almost let it go.... but I can't and I'm not going to be back there to take advantage of the "free" sandwich. 
When someone calls and specifically requests something and then you KNOWINGLY don't fulfill that request, what does that say about your business? Cool so you didn't cook my bacon and used the slightly heated stuff from this morning? I would not serve what I just paid $8 for to a guest in my home, let alone a paying customer. 
Oh and after further inspection of the Bacon, in my hungry pregnant rage, there was a little bug on it.The Living Room Cafe catered an event for CreativeMornings this month and they were awesome! The food and coffee were delicious, which was absolutely essential to getting our attendees engaged at an early hour. Needless to say, there are a whole bunch of new fans of The Living Room Cafe!This is my new favorite coffee shop. I love their breakfast sandwiches. The decor is wonderful. The little secluded garden with tables is a gorgeous plus.Hours on the door and on Internet says open everyday at 6:30 AM - went at 11 AM and restaurant was closed. There was no sign on the door saying they were closed today for any specific reason. There were also other people going up to the door with the same disappointment we had. We can't speak on the food... because we didn't get to try it..Amazing!  Iced lattes are wonderful. We got the breakfast burrito and it was so good!!!Love having this gem in my neighborhood. Owner/chef is hands on which makes the living room feel like just that. Food is unique and creative and delicious. Love the breakfast burrito and the shakes. Lunch options nice too. Best part is that he'll customize anything for you based on your needs and desires.  Go and love!Came here for a UYE last week, and really enjoyed everything I had at the Living Room. Despite what a previous reviewer said about this place being uninviting, I couldn't disagree more. There are two main rooms, with various types of seating (tables, arm chairs, couches, window seating), and a newly renovated outdoor space in the back. I especially liked the trivia pursuit card decks on the tables which our group had a lot of fun playing and yelling out the answers. 
There is a lot of variety on the menu and I had trouble choosing what to eat. I ordered a breakfast burrito (very good) but when I tasted my daughter's grilled cheese sandwich, I ordered one of those too! Can't go wrong with the childhood favorites. My husband had a sandwich turned into a wrap and I think it might have been the chicken jawn. I took his leftovers to lunch the next day....it was delicious. 
Prices were very reasonable and based on that I think it would be easy to over-order. But that's what to-go containers are for! They had some of their food in display cases for easy to go and I liked some of the coffee shop wares they had for sale (cute coffee mugs, loose leaf tea, etc). They had these cookie cups that you could have them fill with anything (I think coffee would be perfect!), I need to try that next time. 
They also have Wi-Fi and its a BYOB! Lots of good things happening with this place....My husband and I ordered breakfast from here this morning for ourselves and our son. We ordered through GrubHub for delivery. While the food was good, it is waaaaaay overpriced. My husband got "the Kathy" (egg whites, arugula, avocado, peach slices) with bacon added to it bringing it to a whopping $12.24. However, the sandwich came on a mini bagel. Which is fine, but for that money, come on. For my son, I ordered toast with apple butter and turkey. This sandwich was $6.03 -- I posted a photo of the sandwich which looked like there was no turkey left in the restaurant and they scraped up what they could. I'm pretty sure I won't be ordering from here again due to the inconsonant pricing/food.
Update: Zach from The Living Room reached out to me about my order and was very kind and apologetic. He agreed about the sandwich I posted a photo of and let me know while it didn't excuse it, they were training someone. And he even refunded my order. That's good business. I can confidently say I will be sure to visit The Living Room and give it another shot!Twice I've been in for a toasted bagel with cream cream and twice it's been untoasted. It's not that hard, especially when it's 4 bucksMy fiance and I were both under the weather.  We ordered some simple food and also some items we didn't want to go out for (ie. Milk).  Apparently whoever was working at the LRC recognized an order that was a scream for help and went above and beyond.  Not only did we get sorely needed hot fresh food, they sent a bottle of OJ that we didn't order along for us.  That's customer service at another level.  We'll definitely come down and enjoy a meal in the Cafe sometime soon.  Very thankful for good people.Came here with my friend and our kids. It's an order at the counter kind of place. High chairs available and space for strollers in the back room. I was in heaven! AND the food was delicious - got the baked mac n cheese. The menu was interesting with lots of stuff I'd like to try but had staple/cheap options as well (bagels!). I thought the prices were very reasonable. Grilled cheese for 3 bucks! We really needed something like this in Queen Village. Please come here so it stays in business!!!I'm sitting in Living Room cafe and felt like I had to share how good the Casey breakfast sandwich is. You have to try it!!!My weekend go-to for lunch when I'm in Center City. The Chicken Jawn is my favorite -- a healthy portion for the price, with a great blend of tangy flavors. Very good coffee to boot. I try to stay lower-carb, but their waffles smell AMAZING and I will break down and try them soon. Overall, this is an enjoyable, comfortable place for a bite.I visited the shop after a trip to the gym across the street. I'd not visited yet although I live in the neighborhood. I was in need a hearty meal post-workout. I was greeted by a lovely young woman who provided me with a menu, and she briefly walked me through the menu, even identifying a couple of crowd favorites. I  landed on the "Casey Boy", which comprised of rye bread, avocado spread, eggs, bacon, and tomatoes.  I also added to the order a slice of turkey sausage quiche. The food came up quickly enough and I took it all to-go. At home is was happily surprised at the construction of the sandwich and quiche. Both presentations were well executed and neat. The flavors of both were subtle and satisfy. I was even impressed that the sandwich stood up to a 5-minute jog without becoming soggy and messy. This first experience will lead to more visits from me.  Thanks guys!The Living Room just re-opened under new owners. I had not visited previous to that but can give a good up to date review of the place now. First off they quite an impressive menu with coffee/espresso drinks, tea, and BYO omelets, salads, grilled cheese sandwiches etc. I love the fact that everything is able to be customized to your liking. Nothing worse than pre-made items in places where they don't allow adjustments. 
I tried a BYO salad and it was amazing- fresh ingredients (all locally sourced) and the most delicious dressing made of Blood Orange EVOO and reduced balsamic. I literally took one bite of this salad and looked up at my friend and said "this is my new go-to lunch spot". I also tried a peppermint loose leaf tea and it was the perfect ending to my meal. I can't wait to re-visit this spot for brunch and bring some out of town friends with me.I ordered nachos which just have cheese and bean for a price of 7.50! missing ingredients. Ordered a Casey Sandwich that was missing guacamole too. The price is almost 10 dollars. OVERPRICE for a really bad quality of food and size. 
They delivered food more than an hour later, it was cold already, plus missing stuff. Never order from this place again, it was a mistake.went here for lunch and had a nice experience ! the staff was very nice and super friendly without making you feel like they were hawking your every bite. I had a bahn mi sandwich with chicken and it was delicious ! great flavors and a good size. will be back againThis is a great place with great food. I never leave reviews and I feel like I would be doing this place a disservice by not telling the world about this place and about the owner, Zack. He's a rad dude. He's super friendly and personable that can tell you about anything going on in Philadelphia, where to go and what to eat. Everything we've eaten feels so fresh and healthy. He must have a real passion for cooking because it comes across in the food and presentation. Outdoor seating is cozy, green and relaxing. Indoors has a lot of character. This should be as much a requirement of a vacation to Philadelphia as the Liberty Bell or Independence Hall.As a new resident to queens village, I had to check out my options for coffee shops.
First things I look for in a decent shop:
Good coffee, laid back environment, and superior customer service
The living room cafe totally kills it in all three departments, and then some. I can sip on a tasty cup of high point's medium roast coffee in a nice and chill environment, while being treated with nothing but the best hospitality. An addition to all of this goodness is the fact that they have killer food!! Definitely perfect for brunch. All organic, house made treats, everything's local, etc etc. I highly suggest getting the Casey boy sandwich (basically a blt breakfast sammy with a special twist), or the preston (house made french toast). The preston is for those that definitely have a sweet tooth and feel like hanging out for a while as it will put you in a slight food coma. Nothing wrong with that! With enough comfy seating in house, the care of the friendly baristas helping me with another cup of coffee, a food coma can easily be nursed.
BONUS::: THEY JUST OPENED UP AN OUTDOOR PATIO. Furnished with a comfy bench that lines the whole patio, the base being entirely made of upcycled pallets...this place is way too cool. 5/5I was pleasantly surprised by this cafe! I pass it all the time but never thought to go in until my friend suggested it. I had a banh mi sandwich and it was awesome!! Can't wait to go back. They have a pretty big menu with mostly healthy options and lots of vegetarian options too.Wouldn't go back. Cold breakfast sandwiches, overpriced for the quality. The people working were polite, but the wait was long considering there was no line. The Casey Boy has avocado, pepper jack and maple syrup - it was just OK.Cozy and pleasant atmosphere, committed and energetic staff and owner.  I hope this place makes it!
Food and coffee were fresh and delicious (coffee in particular).  I had the chocolate chip waffle and scrambled eggs and was very satisfied- inexpensive and fresh!
There are some organizational/structural issues that need to be worked out.  Sign that says 'order here' would be nice and a revamp of the menu; concept is that you order anything you want- everything's A la carte, but that unfortunately does not come across on the menu.
Did I mention that the coffee is amazing and the atmosphere nice and cozy?  It looks like Octavia makes a mean cappuccino as well.  Definitely worth a visit.Nice coffee shop staple in neighborhood. If you like your coffee strong, the iced coffee is a cold brew with two shots of espresso.I have never written a review on Yelp before and I have had some bad, mediocre, and awesome experiences at plenty of places.  My experience at The Living Room Cafe is one to remember and one to go into the books.  The food, service, and atmosphere all deserve five stars.  The owner and chef, Zach, is one of the most personable and friendly people you will ever meet.  He made my friend and I feel welcomed and gave us individual attention that you don't usually see from an owner at a coffee shop.
I had the pleasure of trying "The Casey Boy," "The Chicken Jawn," "The Preston," and both their drip and pour-over coffees.  All of these foods and coffees were made to order and delicious.  Zach is really big with changing any order to be DIY and the menu seems to be flexible with dietary restrictions.
Overall, I HIGHLY recommend The Living Room Cafe and will definitely be going back again!O M G...this is my 2nd visit here and I am Loving it!  The atmosphere is so RELAXXX & the Food is Great! The Staff is quite Friendly I ordered a Grilled cheese w a scrambled egg & it was Perfect!Zachary came over and Thanked me for ordering something off the menu! I am so gonna be a Regular!!!The food is delicious, the latte was well done, and the place is nice to sit and relax. Definitely would recommend!This place is super homie. I would recommend the chicken jawn - it was full of flavor. Also their homemade jams are to die for!I was disappointed that they didn't have the congee that I saw on yelp review. The lady said there's a new owner so the menu has changed. I really liked the Belgian waffles regardless.I went in with the intention of just getting a coffee but once I saw the menu I couldn't resist. I had the Chicken Jawn sandwich and it. Was. Amazing! 
You can tell everything was homemade. Coffee was on point. The service was great and the staff is super friendly. Im in the market for a new cafe to do my school work, I think I just found it!I had come to Philadelphia to see a concert, and was fortunate enough to find my friend's doorstep just a few paces from The Living Room Cafe. Honestly... the reviews don't lie. I'd have walked upwards of fifteen blocks to come if I'd known how good it'd be.
The thing that sets a good business apart for me is how welcoming and personable the owners and employees are. Now, of course, the food and the coffee and whatnot make a big difference in the experience, but let me tell you they're no slouch there either.
I stopped in and had a Casey Boy sandwich at around 1:30p, which is highly recommended if you're having one of those "extended mornings" like I was. Expertly prepared: nice, wholesome toasted bread, tomato and egg and cheese and avocado and bacon, and - oh yeah - some maple syrup, just a touch of it, to pull it all together.
They made me a flat white, which I was interested in having even though it wasn't on the menu - looked it up, conferred amongst themselves, asked me - and took the time to make two versions of it for me to ensure that they were familiar and proficient enough with it to keep on making it for the next customer who'd ask. It might even be known as a "Danny"... so keep your eyes peeled.
I made friends with these folks! They were kind and generous and just plain old good people to boot. I loved 'em. If you like supporting your local businesses, I implore you to stop on in and make it a regular treat. I wish I lived here so I could go here more. Zach, the owner, said it's been a lifelong dream to have a cafe like this, and everyone in the shop seemed so satisfied to work there. I think it's a great success of a business and I want you to come check it out.
I think you'll enjoy it just as much as I did. When I leave today it'll be even happier than when I came in, and I think that says something. Kind regards and best of luck from Houston, TX!First off, the drinks are amazing here. First time here I got a latte, decided to try the London Fog this time around, and both were absolutely on point. I'm also currently enjoying an omelette with goat cheese and bacon- gotta love the fact that they let you add whatever you want on your food! Service is good, ambiance is relaxing. Just a great way to stay your day!I live right down the street and there are so many coffee shops and cafes in this area and happened to stumble across this gem on the way to Rite Aid. Ordered a coconut vanilla latte to go and it's incredible. The staff are very friendly as well. The food looked delicious as well. I will definitely go back.This is a great place if you are looking to hang out and have some really good food. The chef Zach is very pleasant and we will definitely be back. Definitely a place worth checking out. I loved the vegan sausage and I am no vegan.I am not one to write reviews or order from Grub Hub, but I decided to order grub hub in the office on a rainy day. The living room cafe looked interesting and we decided to give it a try. I ordered a do it yourself salad and the ingredients were so fresh and delish! I would highly recommend the living room everything that was ordered that day was fresh and everyone was happy with the their meals.What a wonderful neighborhood cafe. We had hot cocoa, espresso, and the "wake and bake" burrito, which were all excellent. The vanilla steamer was unfortunately only slightly warm. There are gluten free items and free wifi (two things which may sound related here but which are just in the same sentence). The people are extremely friendly and professional. One of us had just gotten drenched by a bus hitting a puddle, and the staff gave us a free muffin for solace. It worked :) The back room has a comfy sofa for chilling in, and lots of space in case you need to have a small meeting. I say give this place some love and let's have the living room grow!New owners have taken on this place and it is fabulous! The atmosphere is warm, welcoming and inviting. The staff is awesome.  Reason #1 why I will go back again this week!!!
First, I love the a la carte menu. It's a one of kind place that lets you truly customize your order the way you want it.... Where else can you do that?!?! Amazing nachos made the way I wanted them!!!
Second.... There are many vegan and gluten free menu options. You are sure to please everyone in your party.
Thirdly, I have to mention that I LOVE seating arrangements at the cafe. My favorite thing about the cafe is the large family style table they have. It's a great place for a large group to congregate or a bunch of random people to sit and mingle with one another.
If you love great coffee and great food this is surely a spot you should check out. 
And the best part..... You can get delivery???!!!! Yes, delivery!!!!!
They also do catering which I will definitely be using for my next event!!
This place has it all..... Can't imagine who wouldn't LOVE this place!!! Check it out ASAP!!!!I work for Philadelphia nonprofit Mighty Writers and wow! We love the Living Room Cafe!! 
At a party we had on Saturday, Living Room Cafe graciously donated a TON of hot coffee and lemonade and the whole party loved it! We are so thankful for the donation from a local small business and building a supportive community together. Everyone loved the drinks, check this place out!!Friends and I were visiting Philly the weekend of the Roots Picnic and decided to go for brunch on June 4 before heading down 95 south.  Half the group had a gluten sensitivity so we happened upon the Living Room Cafe on Yelp and were glad we did. Tons of options for gluten free breakfast and desserts. The staff was really friendly and patient as we asked questions about the menu. We were almost sad that we would not be able to satisfy our mimosa craving. However we inquired about "The Nick" and especially tasty carafe of orange juice and we had no reason to be sad anymore ;)You too should inquire. I had the French roast which was really good! I will say that the portions are smallish so I recommend ordering a few things off the a la carte menu. Also do yourself a favor and try the banana nut bread. I generally don't care for banana nut bread but their version was really good !I have been wanting to check this place out for awhile since I am a coffee shop nerd, and I really enjoyed my visit. The place was packed yesterday due to the Open Streets on South Street, but the line was moving steadily. The barista behind the counter was a very friendly guy, so the customer service was pretty good. I decided to get a grilled cheese sandwich with bacon and dates, as well as a cup of iced coffee to give me that mid afternoon jolt. 
The food did take quite some time to come out, but I did not mind. The grilled cheese sandwich was very good. The saltiness of the bacon and the sweetness of the dates made it even more awesome. The coffee was also nice and strong to help give me that boost. This was an awesome coffee shop and I hope to frequent there when I am around the area.Nice place, great DIY type of menu (if you want it it's probably doable) and fair prices. The food was delicious and I believe locally sourced. I would have like a little hot sauce (only found ketchup) with my omelet but maybe that's me being a little to southern. 
I got there at a busy time for them, I think, which resulted in a slower than expected wait BUT the owner made it a point to stop by and ask about that and the food. Real nice guy. It's a new place so I expect things to get even better. I expect I'll be back.Delicious foods prepared with fresh ingredients, many of which are locally produced, friendly staff, very clean, comfy and inviting vibe. The Living room cafe is an all-around lovely place to eat, drink and relax with some friends. They have a very good selection of coffee, tea, juice, etc.Such a pretty little place! Cozy interior (it feels just like a living room lol), and pretty backyard patio (probably just for summertime). Food is... What you would expect from a breakfast / brunch spot. Great coffee spot tho!!The Living Room has quickly become my favorite cafe!  I highly recommend you check it out!   There is great food, delicious coffee, and a super comfy atmosphere.  The owners and staff are so welcoming and personable.  The seating area in the side room, and the garden on a nice day, are wonderful hangout spots. 
I teach a PreK class at a school nearby.  My small group of students love visiting this cafe and greeting the staff.  The owners have even taken the time to personally introduce themselves and explain a bit about the cafe.  It is clear that the staff works hard to make this cafe a comfortable and inviting place for everyone.Stopped by on a rainy Saturday morning for brunch. You order at the counter and seat yourself; there were plenty of open tables. It is BYO so we enjoyed champagne while we waited for our food. We each ordered a breakfast sandwich and an order of chocolate coconut waffles to share. My breakfast sandwich was just okay. The egg overpowered the sandwich; I could barely taste the bacon, pepper jack cheese and guacamole that were also on it. The toast was also semi burnt. 
The waffle was much better- baked with lots of chocolate & coconut, topped with strawberries, blueberries & granola, and served with syrup & honey. 
They have several DIY options.. essentially you can build your own quesadilla, sandwich, salad, nachos, etc. 
It's a cute spot and since I enjoyed 1/2 dishes, I wouldn't be opposed to going again.I can't say enough about this cute, cozy place. The staff was friendly, personable and served up the most delicious wrap I've had in awhile! You have the option to add anything you could want to your order and at the same time keep it healthy and delicious. Coffee was fabulous as well. Also, I HIGHLY recommend their strawberry jam, it's unlike anything I've tried. I'm excited to go back and try a smoothie.I have such a love-hate relationship with this place. The first time I went, it was great! I asked the guy at the front to make me a "Tofu Scramble with Veggie Sausage and lots of veggies, any kind of veggies. No cheese" and was so surprised at how many veggies it came with. It was huge and delicious and the sausage was plentiful and spicy and just oh so good. So, naturally I went back the following week and ordered the same thing. This time, however, I was so very disappointed. I got it to go, as I was on my way out of town. I get to my car, parked a bit of a ways away, and opened the container to find the smallest serving I have ever seen. It was seriously enough veggies and whatnot to fill a christmas ornament. I didn't look at the price last time, but this time was aware that I had paid almost $9 for the concoction. Also, they forgot the tofu! It was just veggies and sausage (again, a comically small amount). I was livid and vowed never to eat there again. 
I went back a week later, vowing to never get food there again but the coffee is so good! I went up to the counter and ordered a large cup of coffee and the guy behind the counter tried to fill the cup but ran out of coffee. He proceeds to turn around and VERY SLOWLY brew another carafe of coffee, without ever saying to me "oh hey, we're out of coffee so it will take a few minutes." I look at the timer and it says something like 6 minutes for the coffee to brew and I think to myself "he isn't going to make me sit here for 6 minutes and not say a word to me. He will surely either say something or, as an intelligent person would do, fill up my one cup as the coffee is coming out of the machine." Nope. He made me wait and never said a word. Whatever, I wasn't in a hurry. 
Anyways, almost everytime I go, there is one particular guy who is just the slowest person in the world. As I vowed not to eat there again, I don't know what the experience is like for others but I have seen when I go in for coffee that others wait a very long time and go up and complain a lot about how slow the food is taking. Again, this is just observational. I remember seeing one lady come in and say "We've been outside waiting for 40 minutes for our food" to which the kitchen responded that it was ready 20 minutes ago but they "couldn't find them"...she was literally right outside of the window. So I guess they just threw it away? Odd. 
I will definitely be back here for the coffee, because it's that good, but not for the food. I don't feel like waiting or being ripped off. There are definitely some improvements that need to be made, though.So I ordered a french toast at this joint. This guy named Zach waited on me.  He seemed to be quite removed from the whole ordering experience.  He prepared my french toast and I noticed he never used gloves.  That kinda made me uncomfortable.  I also noted little dark dots all along the floor... but didn't pay much mind to it.  I ate my french toast and it was moderately warm.  It was a bit overly sweet for my liking, but that doesn't mean it wasn't good.  I felt like my patronage didnt matter.  I quickly ate what i could of my french toast and then was on my way.  I'm not sure if Id return to this establishment.  The service was slow, the food was moderately warm, and I wasn't exactly at ease.  Sorry, but I don't know if I'd return.Very nice and clean café. The food was good quality but high price for the amount. I had the Casey sandwich that had a lot of flavor Relaxing atmosphere. Would go again.3 stars because it was fresh. But I did not expect soup or chili in a mason jar not heated up, especially when the request was repeated, written on the receipt. The salad was well put together, but the dressing was booooring... I expected more from the balsamic than just vinaigrette and oil. As nice as the salad greens were the dressing was disrespectful. But when u are hungry lying about time from order to delivery is unacceptable. And to top it off, paid for banana bread that did not show up. Maybe in person but never vía delivery.* Posting my review again on the new company page.
The Living Room just re-opened under new owners. I had not visited previous to that but can give a good up to date review of the place now. First off, they have quite an impressive menu with coffee/espresso drinks, tea, and BYO omelets, salads, grilled cheese sandwiches etc. I love the fact that everything is able to be customized to your liking. Nothing worse than pre-made items in places where they don't allow adjustments. 
I tried a BYO salad and it was amazing- fresh ingredients (all locally sourced) and the most delicious dressing made of Blood Orange EVOO and reduced balsamic. I literally took one bite of this salad and looked up at my friend and said "this is my new go-to lunch spot". I also tried a peppermint loose leaf tea and it was the perfect ending to my meal. I can't wait to re-visit this spot for brunch and bring some out of town friends with me.I personally know the one chef there but I know she is an amazing cook. Today I had the Italian Wedding soup and it was amazing. Missed out on her freshly made gluten free quiche.As I said on my last post, I don't indulge much on 'breakfast dessert', but this one teeters the line. (Or maybe that's the inner foodie in me talking) Regardless, I am most certain that I found another breakfast diamond in the rough of breakfast & brunch places in, Philadelphia. 
Came in on a Sunday morning, literally as they unlocked the door. At some establishments, when you walk in just as they open, the staff is a bit cranky. Not this place. Both of the employees (one of whom was a co-owner) were pleasant & helpful for this first timer. The place was empty, as I expected for a Sunday morning at 6:33am, haha. I think it's awesome that this place opens so early. Great if you're an earlier riser, like myself. 
The place makes you feel homey & has a relaxed atmosphere. I love the fact that you order at the counter, saves wait time from a wait staff. Coffee serving was big and the staff suggested the 'Red-Eye' for me. I'm a dark roast kinda guy. The coffee was spot on! 
Now to the food... I ordered the 'And Steve'. Great portion, cooked just right, & the honey combo with syrup was a nice touch. Fruit & nuts put it over the top. All in all, I can't think of a bad thing to say about the place, honestly. I'll be back sooner than later.This place was cute but they are really disorganized. I had a table of four. Two plates came out. 30 mins later another and they told us they didn't have tomatoes that were already paid for. Then later tomatoes came out? Probably won't go back.Friendly service, delicious food!  I got the wake n bake breakfast burrito- it was very good with black beans, salsa, maybe even grilled zucchini in there and sour cream.  The kids and hubby got belgian waffles/ french toast and a smoothie..Really good.  With coffee, the bill came to roughly $42- well worth it.  Oh, the atmosphere is really great.  Go into the back room and it's like a quiet little sitting area with books, etc.  Definately recommend!Very friendly owner, reasonably priced, great atmosphere, friendly staff, and very consistent, albeit simple, choices.  Ideal spot for a quick bite with your kids after Mr. Johns or InMovementMy daughter took me to this restaurant last Sunday and this is an awesome place to eat. As soon as you step in you feel like you are in your mom's kitchen. There is a back room with comfy couches and books for you to relax and eat your food. The food was amazing. The staff was really nice and you couldn't ask for better service.Great little spot-- just came for coffee and got talked into a delicious burrito! Easy going atmosphere and super service:0)))ABSOLUTELY AMAZING!!!! The food and Coffee are delicious and the staff is so incredibly friendly and helpful. It's really refreshing to see a place like this coming to the area. With a vast menu of locally sourced ingredients and tons of DIY add-ons you'll never get tired of their menu. 
The nachos are bomb and the sandwiches are delectably scrumptious
see ya soon!