My group and I had a great experience here at The Little Lion. We loved the atmosphere and friendly wait staff. Our wonderful waiter made some great beer suggestions. We all enjoyed our entrees, notably the fried chicken and especially my entree, a pan seared salmon over spinach risotto, absolutely amazing. I will definitely be coming back here.Great Oysters and wonderful menu. Plan to go back to try out more of what they have to offer."Location, ambience, service and decor are highlights. Food is average and a little overpriced"
If you want a big group of people to get together at a nicely decorated place, the Little Lion is a great spot! Service is excellent and everyone is friendly. Very well decorated and well kept.
Unfortunately, food is definitely subpar. Almost everything my group ordered was either overlooked (protein) or undercooked (vegetables). Majority of the dishes were bland, as well.
Menu seems to offers a lot of exciting options, but they are not executed in ways you would hope in your head reading the menu.
If you can look over food for a great ambience and seating for groups, this will do!I went here for brunch for the first time.  Great place!  The service was prompt, friendly and they didn't make you feel rushed.  We ordered the smoked salmon toast and it was DELICIOUS.  Very citrusy which I liked.  I ordered the crawfish benny and that was done perfectly.  We all enjoyed our meals in a cozy spot in the restaurant.  
Here are the only things that were cons... I found it odd that they do not have salt and pepper on their tables.  I know that most white table cloth type of places do that.  But for this casual dining (and especially for brunch), I found it odd.  Second, although the service was good, the food took a bit longer than normal to get.  Thirdly, I came with a friend that was born and raised in Louisville.  She mentioned that the grits were not very good.
Regardless, I would go back.  Their variety of food and drinks are different and delicious!I was wondering when Yelp would let me down. Usually four stars and over 20 ratings makes me happy. This was not the case today. While the establishment is gorgeous and still smells of fresh paint they missed the mark on half of our dishes. Hopefully they are able to recover. The ham and pimento cheese was great. I was excited for the rest of our meal. The ginger snap cocktail was more of a lemon snap. I love ginger beer and the ginger liquor and ginger beer were over powered by lemon. The fried chicken was not properly breaded and bland. It tasted like it was battered in bisquick. The honey was likely to drizzle and I wanted to drown it to make it palatable but there wasn't enough. We were on the way to the airport and I hadn't eaten lunch so we discarded the breading and salvaged what we could and hit the road. The sweet potatoes fries saved that part of the meal. Basically we paid $60 for a few drinks, a ham sandwich, and sweet potato fries.We had an amazing lunch experience here. The Apple Crisp was a great refreshing cocktail for a warm spring afternoon... delightful fruit flavors, yet the rye wasn't hidden. The Peddler Buzz likewise was a nice take on an Irish coffee. We split the Blackened Catfish Po'Boy, which was perfect... baguette just the right texture, sauce super-delicious but not overwhelming, fresh and tender fish. We up-sold to the amazing sweet potato fries. All in all, one helluva lunch in a great atmosphere for a great price.Super yummy oysters, Mac n cheese, Brussels sprouts, tomato soup. Cocktails were ok. Would love to come back for happy hour. Right across street from American revolution museum. Time that visit right & stop in for happy hour.This is my new favorite spot in the city. Besides the fact that I've been waiting forever for someone to occupy the space after Haru closed, The Little Lion brings such a cool vibe to the area and it feels like it belongs. The upstairs is my favorite spot, but with three different dining areas, this place is huge. I have a love/hate relationship with all the small byobs and narrow restaurants in the city... it's so nice to dine in a large open one like this.
The cocktails are fun and tasty and the beer list is creative. I've been here twice and had a tough time deciding what to drink each visit because I wanted them all. The service and food are equally good. The farm cheese is such a yummy appetizer and the apple butter leaf salad was cleaned off my plate in record time. The presentation of the Lion burger was fantastic and it was delicious but next time I need to order an extra side of the sauce because I loved the flavor of whatever they put in it.
My fiancé and I loved the space so much that we have already booked our March 2015 wedding rehearsal dinner in the upstairs room. So excited!!!We went for Philly Restaurant Week and we were first impressed by the amount of food offered for the promotion.  Everything was delicious!  We also ordered the grits, which weren't on the Restaurant Week menu, but were amazing. Our server was very attentive and was very accommodating to my dislike of 1 dish.  It was very easy to switch it out.  I definitely want to visit again.I've had some wonderful meals here and some just ok meals, but Little Lion is an institution in Old City and I hope everyone visits when it comes back - I know I will be there.This place really impressed me. First off I just love the building space and the decor. A really awesome folk-chic decor (is that a thing? Lol). I was with a group of 10 people who had gotten pushed out of our reservation at a nearby place and we walked in to LL on a Friday night during restaurant week with not much hope they could help us. Turns out they were phemoninally accommodating and squeezed us in upstairs (as long as we were out in time for their next big party reservation). Our server was great, the food was really unique, and we were relieved to be able to have our goodbye party. Fried green tomatoes are a must get! :) Thank you, Little Lion! I will indeed be back.Great southern comfort food for brunch. Coffee was good. Service was excellent!Husband and I stopped in for brunch on Saturday morning and we were seated right away. Our waitress, Shannon, was friendly, attentive, and great with recommendations and menu questions. For example, "What's a benny?" is their most popular menu question. Answer: it's short for benedict, as in eggs benedict, and Little Lion offers several varieties! I had the quiche and took Shannon up on her sweet potato fries suggestion. The portion was generous, with two slices of quiche, and the perfect amount of fries and salad to balance. Hubs had the Lion's Breakfast, with two perfectly prepared eggs, bacon, and potatoes. To drink, we enjoyed the blueberry mimosas. Tasty! Several of their brunch cocktails include fruit shrubs (google it, and then make some!) and the blueberry mimosa was AMAZING with it. We'll definitely be back!Seated us outside and forgot about us for a good 25 minutes. There was also a strand of hair in the fried chicken.Hard to rate. Good drinks at the bar and friendly wait staff. Seated for dinner the mistakes began:
1) brought iced coffee instead of tea
2) not a mistake, but Cabernet ordered was Undrinkable
3) very long wait for 3 burgers, all over cooked 
4) pimento cheese asked to be left off one burger was on it
On the plus side, the manager took back the Cabernets and gave us a requested taste of the Malbec before we accepted it. 
Burgers were good meat.
Pickled onions on burgers really good ( I have a thing for pickled onions ). 
Fries reportedly very good. 
All very respectful of our food allergy issues. 
Manager made good on our complaints.Kale pesto pizza (added with chicken, no cheese) was great! The portion was huge (yesssss). The orecchiette pasta was a bit lacking in flavor, so you have to dip it well in the pesto sauce (which was deliciously salty and garlicky). The chicken was succulent, the kale crispy and balanced out well with the heavier pasta, and the cauliflower outstanding, simply outstanding. My friend enjoyed her short rib. Another friend has come here for brunch and enjoyed her short rib (with hash) too. 
The place is quite spacious and simple but also elegant and clean-cut. It feels modern but also old-fashioned with some nice historical touches. "Little lion" is the nickname of Alexander Hamilton, and one wall has a silhouette profile of the man and a sign with two old-fashioned pistols (most likely representing the famous duel). That pistol sign was a really cool touch to the place. Oh and the architecture - high, classical, white arches - was amazing, really adds to the historical feel of the place. Great service, food, ambience, and location, right in smack of Old City.Delicious. Not your everyday usual hamburger or sandwich for lunch. All entree were a little different and very tasty. Definitely would go back if I'm in Philly again.Went to this place that we found in our way. 
My husband liked his sandwich but I didn't like my salad. 
The lettuce was not fresh, probably few days old. 
But the place is big and nice. Friendly staff.I've been wanting to try this place since it opened, and I was not disappointed!  My boyfriend and I came here for restaurant week. The 4-course meal had full sized portions (everyone at the restaurant was taking boxes home), the service was wonderful despite the restaurant being full, and the food and drinks were delicious. 
My boyfriend ordered a steak for his entree, and it was the juiciest most perfectly cooked bite of steak I think I've ever had. I ordered the blackened catfish and it was wonderful. It came with grits and some veggies (they were just ok).  The espresso crème brûlée for dessert was light and had a lovely hint of espresso without being overwhelming. My boyfriend had the cheesecake and it was very rich, but good. 
The cocktail list is inspired. My bf's lemon fizz was yummy, and my lavender drop was out of this world. Can't wait to go back!I went here a few weeks ago and it was very very busy. That didn't slow anything down though. We had an amazing server called Andrienne or something (can't remember exactly), she was so so lovely and very onto it. A friend and I got three meals to share. We had the burger, the smoked wings and the short rib. They were all delicious!!! But I would definitely recommend the short ribStopped by for brunch over the holiday weekend and walked away with a very positive experience.
The structure of the restaurant itself is beautiful and set up well. We ate upstairs, which I was happy about because it seemed to be surprisingly cooler than downstairs during this very hot weekend. Additionally, there was a bar, tvs (great picture) and it was a little quieter. 
We ordered small plates to snack on before ordering while sipping on some drinks. Half of the party started with fried green tomato (only comes with 2) while the other half had the sticky bun - both highly recommended. The raspberry sangria was  the favorite cocktail of the morning.
While moving onto our meal, our waitress was also acting as the bartender and therefore seemed distracted even though our table was right in front of her. She asked for our order without giving us the specials, which we thankfully overheard from another table. We asked for her to repeat them again and we are so happy she did. One special this weekend was a fried soft shell crab eggs benedict- of the party of 4, three of us ordered this dish. No one of us were disappointed. It could have used a little more hollandaise sauce but it was a very generous portion with a side of home fries that none of us could really even eat by the time we were finished with our eggs (although upon tasting, they did have a little kick). The last member of the party got the short rib hash which was also polished off.
I would definitely come back here for the food and pleasant experience and atmosphere, despite the slightly slow service.I love the fried chicken here! its finger licking good. The breading is so crispy & delicious,and they give you honey to drizzle on it! Try to save room for dessert too because the chocolate mousse is outstanding.Loved the new place for brunch, but my preference would prefer the dishes to be less oily. Slightly on the heavier side, but great for comfort. 
Pros: 
- Interior, ambiance, and aesthetic 
- Brussel Sprouts with bacon/pork
- Mac and Cheese 
Improvements:
- Service: took 30-40 minutes, rarely checked up on usSuper disappointed that another southern style place opened that totally sucks. The service was weak, and at times just rude. The food was under seasoned over cooked and mostly tasteless.  Not worth it at allThe butter lettuce, apple, pear salad is amazing! It had dried figs and some sort of bacon vinaigrette. I asked to swap the Stilton cheese for another type of cheese and the waitress was very accommodating.Ordered the ribs and pesto pasta and both were delicious! The ribs were big and tender and the sauce was sweet and a little spicy. The cole slaw that came with the ribs was the perfect pallette cleanser. My only minor complaint was that the fries weren't crispy,  but they were well seasoned and still tasty. I was skeptical of the pesto because it was kale,  but it was herbaceous and the ricotta cheese was a great addition. The decor here is super modern and cute. Happy Hour deals on some drinks and apps were good.I love the Burgers. Great food and great atmosphere. One of the best places in Olde City to have a drink. Nice outdoor seating too.I should start by saying, we only had small plates, so a full entree review would be better, and we would definitely try this place again.  The place is really nice inside and casual.  Our service was great and it was not crowded when we went early on a Saturday, as we had a show to catch.  We split a salad, cheese and charcuterie board and the pimento cheese.  All of them we re good, but the pimento cheese was really spicy.  They claim to be a restaurant with "Southern" food and I can tell you that I have eaten a lot of pimento cheese (caviar of the South) and never had any this spicy.  With that said, we were offered more bread with it, which is always nice.  The cheese and meat selection on the board was good, but not spectacular.  We will go back and try an entree, and I will update the review when we do.Great service/ Staff I really enjoyed my experience at the little lion ! I went for brunch with my partner and we enjoyed the eclectic very relaxed environment. 
The menu and drinks were very unique as well. I ordered the sweet potato fries as an appetizer (AMAZING)for the entree Lions Breakfast and it came with eggs (any style) with ham, home style potatoes and multigrain bread with - tangy jelly ! 
My partner ordered the chicken on a biscuit covered with sausage breakfast gravy (very good) it came with a side of home potatoes as well.
Definitely recommend this place!Hate to do this, but someone needs to be aware of the lackluster service. My wife & I took a hooky day to hang out together, plus...who wants to go to work on the Monday after vacation?! We chose to start our day at Little Lion. Upon arrival, there were 6-8 people waiting at the host table. After a few minutes, they all turned around & left. This led me to the realization that there was no host!! We waited patiently for an additional 7-8 minutes, as staff walked by us, stood around, but never acknowledged us. As we turned to leave, someone came from behind the bar to seat us. By this time, yelp had already led us to another nearby destination. Any empty host station can't be good for business...Great place in the heart of a historic site. Great food, huge selection of liquor, wines and of course beer. The bartenders actually make drinks and know what they are doing. Dan (bartender) was on top of everything going on and friendly as well.When I'm in the City, this is my go to spot. Always good food, no matter what I've ordered. And an excellent selection of beers on draft as well. The short rib is delicious. The kale Caesar is great. The burger is spot on, as is the slaw it comes with. I've eaten here minimum ten times and each one has been positive. The staff is attentive, the place itself is really cool, and management seems on top of everything. Price is right too. Highly
Recommend.I have to say the only thing I enjoyed was the drinks . The food was cold and underwhelming. The service was slow and the decor isn't inviting . We will not be back to the little Lion with all the great restaurants in Philadelphia . I suggest you step it up .This place is so gooood. Fried chicken needs some seasoning but the catfish was amazing!I'm torn about this place. The building they renovated is gorgeous, built in the mid-1800s. The food was good but similar to most brunch places in the city. The service, however, was terrible. When we wereseated the place was pretty empty. It filled up after we had places our order but we were forgotten about by both the kitchen and our server. People who were seates after we ORDERED got their food before us, some had paid and left as well. They must be understaffed. When our food came out over an hour later they forgot the small plates we had ordered. Since we were so hungry by that point we agreed to wait for them to come out. We did receive these small plates on-the-house but I'm not sure it made up for being forgotten about!The batter in the hotcake appeared and tasted raw.  Mind you, the fried chicken is accompanied by a gratuitous hotcake.  When we alerted the server of the unsavory discrepancy, he acknowledged this was unacceptable and told us he would alert the kitchen.  Upon returning from the kitchen, he informed us that the manager was too busy to address the issue and the liquified center of the pancake was actually comprised of either cream cheese or sour cream(?).  Well I'm certainly too busy to waste my time at restaurants like this one.  If you want solid Gastropub fare that isn't overly-charred, poorly described on the menu, overpriced or seemingly undercooked, there are far superior options in the area.  I do give props to our server who worked hard and treated us well.Every time I walk into this place I am greeted by the friendly hostesses. No matter how busy they seem to be I am seated efficiently and greeted again by my amiable server. 
The food is great. I love the Fried Green Tomatoes which are served with a tomato bacon jam and pimento cheese. I love how the green tomatoes are super crunchy and the bacon jam adds a little sweetness to contrast the acidity in the tomatoes. 
I also love their cheese board. They constantly change the items offered on it so it's like a new experience every time I go. The oyster menu changes often too. I've tried Blue Points, Welfleets, and Raspberry Points. I love east coast oysters.
Great job Little Lion crew. I can't wait until you reopen your doors and roar again!Came here for a friends birthday dinner and I was really skeptical because we came in the first few weeks they opened. I try not to go anywhere that has been opened in under a month because I feel that gives them time to work out the kinks but alas it was her birthday so I gladly obliged. We went on a Saturday around 8pm. The place was bustling but in a good way. You walked in and felt good vibes. We came in the back door by the oyster bar. Let's start with the building. I am architecture and design nerd and I was in love. The design of this place is gorgeous, rustic, minimal, pops of color here and there. Whoever designed it did a great job of keeping the old and adding a understated but modern twist. Essentially, there are three main parts to the restaurant. The oyster bar in the back, the main dining room (bar is between oyster bar and main dining room), and the upstairs dining room with the bar. When we sat down our waitress came to us, asked us for our drink order, then told us a little about the menu. She said I have bad news, the kitchen ran out of fried chicken. If you could see the look of disappointment on our faces because 3 of the 4 people in our party were ordering the fried chicken. She took our drink orders and said she would be back. As we sulked and tried to figure out our next ordering move, we were all dazed and confused because we were set on the fried chicken. What are we going to do? It really was a debacle, lol.
Well the waitress came back to the table and said I have some good news, the kitchen has more chicken. Well thank the Chicken Gods for shining down on us. When I tell you we all were happy, we were ecstatic. That was the first star for superior customer service. They could have easily said, we are out and left it at that. But they didn't. We proceeded to order. The order of the table went like this, 2 Kale Caesar salads, 1 celery root soup, 1 fried oysters order, 3 orders of the fried chicken plate, and 1 catfish plate. 
The salads looked nice but the two people that got them complained that they were salty. My fried oyster, which were fried in cornmeal were fried great but they batter had no seasoning, they actually needed salt and I'm not a salt person. The celery root soup received a thumbs up. Now onto the chicken. They give you a complete half chicken, which is a very generous portion. The chicken is fried to a deep golden brown and served atop this jalapeno and some type of cheese pancake, with a side of honey and homemade hot sauce. They chicken has to be double breaded because there were layers to the breading, so much so I took most of it off to get to the meat. And I love breading, but after the first chicken leg I ate, the breading was becoming cumbersome but nonetheless good. The chicken was moist and flavored to perfection. It's a really good fried chicken overall. Now that pancake left everything to be desired. It was boring and bland and served no point. I get it for being creative but it needed a lot and I MEAN A LOT OF HELP, so much so they shouldn't serve it because it does nothing for the dish. I would suggest they revamp it, replace it, or erase it from the dish completely. The chicken is clearly the star, even with all the breading which is really crunchy and flavorful like it should be. 
I tasted the catfish and that was really good. 
We had dessert which consisted of sorbet, the mud pie thing, and the pecan cheesecake. The pecan cheesecake was more of a pecan pie with a little cheesecake. I wasn't  amazed by it. The mud pie was really good. Very rich in flavor. My friend said that her blood orange sorbet was great.
Service was top notch. Our waitress was really good and the wait staff in general were great. 
They have very minor kinks to work out but it's really worth a trip. The ambience, atmosphere, good food, and good vibes that place emits are worthy of a visit.Beautifully designed, amazing cocktails, knowledgable bar staff, delicious food... All around this place is killer.My friend and I came on a Thursday night...the place was empty, but sadly, the bar(not very big) was full so we got a table. The service was fine. The menu was very limited so I got a carrot salad...it was ok but literally just different carrots- not exactly exciting. We both agreed that we won't be running back. Not sure why this place keeps winning awards!?The restaurant is really nice based in Olde City. Staff and waiter was super cool. We had Green Fried Tomatoes which were a 10! The Kale Caesar Salad was a 5, it was rather dry. We ordered the burger which was big enough to split which they had no problem doing, unfortunately it was so under cooked it was bleeding on my hand. I would give the burger a 2. Waiter again was outstanding. My last recommendation hopefully staff will read this is that the bathrooms were absolutely disgusting and gross. They need a full time person taking care of them.. trash on the floor, water everywhere. The bathroom in a restaurant says a lot! I would go back for small plates and drinks...Came here for brunch 
Drinks were good 
Fried green tomatoes - tomatoes were hard and not tasty
Macaroni - was cold and watery 
BBQ chicken sliders - only hot thing, again not that great, came with 3 and only had 1.
Very disappointing.Final breakfast in Philly and this was just a stone's throw from our hotel so we gave it a shot.  All the tables were scrunched together (maybe to help with the stretched-thin-staff?) so it wasn't much fun to be sandwiched between a large table of celebrating new nurses and then screaming kids on the other side.  We all went with the continental option and while nothing was bad - nothing got raves reviews except the Mrs' omelette.  
I don't know what hoecakes or corn cakes are but most of the offerings were super dry (I guess you need to slather on a lot of butter and syrup but that's not how I roll).
Not cheap and spotty service (they were friendly but hard to track down) would keep us away from a return visit in the future.After visiting Boston and New York, we finally stumbled on the best food of our holiday at The Little Lion. Freshness, flavor and friendly staff made us come back for a second try after eating here once. Just too much on the menu that looked good to be satisfied in one meal. Fried Oysters, St. Louis ribs, smoked wings, Jambalaya. We have to go back again to try the Shrimp and Grits. Ample portions! Not for folks who like bland food, that's for sure. Don't miss it if you like food full of flavor with a Southern tiltOn a whim, my friends asked me if I wanted to join them for Restaurant Week dinner here.  At the time it was nearly 10pm and I had already ate dinner hours earlier but I accepted the invite. I prefaced by saying that I would "only eat something small, maybe dessert." Yeah, that failed.
We arrived to a little corner restaurant with three menus posted outside for brunch, lunch and dinner. The prices were very reasonable for a Restaurant Week restaurant. The menu items were very appetizing too - I can see how it could be packed during the day. 
Inside was a bit too dark for me, but it was late night on a Wednesday so I didn't expect too much brightness. The bathroom was in an odd place and could easily be missed. Going there, it almost seems like you're headed to the kitchen, but make a sharp right and the single serve bathroom is there. 
The Food:
The food was amazing!!  I didn't order the full Restaurant Week menu, but I sampled some of my friends' items like that awesome apple pear salad with cornbread croutons and maple cranberry vinaigrette and the yummy Farmer's Cheese charcuterie app with that amazing mix of honey peach preserves, ricotta cheese, and toasted bread. 
So the pressure was on. I wanted more! I decided to order off of their late night menu and got a Lion Burger which came with an ample amount of just-right-and-crispy fries. The burger was done to my liking (well-done) and was super tasty with the right amount of flavor and not much grease. Though, WHAT HAPPENED TO MY LIGHT FARE?? Lol!! It flew out the window, especially when I got the crème brulée for dessert. Perfectly caramelized. Yum.
I would definitely come back here during the day. Nice little gem found in Old City.I came here on a Saturday night around 7 without a reservation. We were seated within a few minutes. We had great service, our waitress Shannon was so friendly and gave great recommendations. I ordered the fried chicken (yum), my mom had the butter lettuce pear and apple salad, and my dad had the shrimp and grits. I highly recommend the macaroni and cheese starter. We were very impressed with the Little Lion. The atmosphere was so fun and warm. Such a great find!!This place is so amazing!  So happy the empty haru place is finally something and not douchey! I used to live in old city and this is the best excuse to come back this way! The fried chicken and kale salad was awesome! Can't wait to try other items! Being from the south this is just what I need in Philly!! Our waiter (Harry) was so great! Definitely recommend if you come! Another man helped us as well, Todd, also amazing! And to the chef, if you are reading this- please bring back the okra!!! You will have my heart forever ! We will definitely be back!Had a very excellent dinner with a fine server. It's not fancy and can be a bit noisy, depending on other customers, but that did NOT lessen our experience. Salad, appetizers, main course, dessert...all yummy!!   I'll be going back to The Little Lion soon.The service was very good. We only waited a little bit for food and they comped a round of drinks.  The celery soup is great so is the apple whisky cocktail.As my first and only brunch stop while visiting Philly, The Little Lion roared my heart out. 
Pros:
- Chic brunch place located in the heart of old city, Great location with amazing decor, what else can you ask for?
- Food was outstanding, I had HOEcake for the obvious reason and it was POPPING!!!
- Service was efficient and greeted us with warm smiles 
Cons:
- If you don't have an reservation, you might face a long waitFantastic restaurant. We recently tried the mac'n cheese, fried green tomatoes, blackened catfish, shrimp and grits, sliders, fried chicken, and several of the cocktails. All were fantastic. I stuck mainly to their selection of small plates. The mac'n cheese has this really nice smokey flavor and comes out in a little cast iron skillet with a tomato jam on top. The fried green tomatoes had this amazing thick breading on them -- very tasty. The pimento cheese sauce that they're served on top of is amazing. I WANT MORE. The "mud jar" for dessert was really rich and chocolately and delicious. 
Cocktails were equally good and well balanced. The ginger based one was my favorite. I had a chance to try their cold brew iced coffee which is served on a nitro tap. It was good even in January! They also serve lattes and sangria on their tap system, along with a bunch of craft beers. Overall a great experience, and not too pricey. We'll be back ASAP! 
(For a less formal option...they have a bar on the main floor, and also a second floor bar that was really comfy with TVs and awesome bartenders)Walked in with a group of 6 on a Saturday; we were seated right away.  Service was prompt throughout the night, with entrees arriving before we'd quite finished the cheese board.  Decent selection of beers; simple but well-prepared (if not very healthy) food; really cool building with neat decor.  Our waitress was friendly and the bill was reasonable.  My main complaint is the paucity of vegetables on the menu, but I can't expect too much in that department from a "comfort food" restaurant.  Pasta with kale pesto was very tasty and satisfying.  My favorite part of the experience was watching my friend consume an entire fried half-chicken (it was a BIG half-chicken).  I'll probably be back.I love the vibe here ! It has a casual vibe that is very authentic to Old City. So my fiancé and I shared everything. We got the Mac and cheese (no tomatoes) and smoked wings to start. The Mac and cheese was sooo good!!!! The ribs are really good as well but know that they are (1) dry rubbed so they have no sauce on them - great flavor just on the dryer side & (2) the full chicken wing (leg and wing). For our entrees we split the burger and the St. Louis. Ribs...the burger was excellent but the ribs not so much. The rub and sauce was so delicious - like truly great flavoring - but the ribs themselves were very fatty (I wouldn't order them again)....their sweet potato fries and regular fries were really good & are made in house! ...note to self: the fried chicken looks amazing, but is big enough for 2. For beverages, he got the bells brown ale and liked it (they also have flights - 4 beers for $12 for those who want to try a little bit of everything) and I got the grapefruit Paloma and strawberry basil soda (non-virgin). Both were awesome! The grapefruit is fresh squeezed and the strawberry drink had pieces of strawberries in it which I love (it is served virgin but could have alcohol added - I'd recommend vodka or rum)...if I were to come back I'd just order a bit differently, but definitely worth a try!Such a great experience! My boyfriend and I came out for a Friday happy hour and landed here. So glad we did. Great happy hour and our server was beyond nice! We will be back! Oh not to mention the burger and all the food we had was delicious :)Brunch in an interesting old house
While visiting old town area of Philly, the environment is very good and cozy.  
The food, it is ok... A southern touch with traditional brunch choice of egg Benedict. Fried green tomatoes were nice and so were the Mac and Cheese.  The rest of the dishes were not memorable.
Over all a nice place to stop by for a bit, but does not have great food.Better late than never - had brunch here at the end of the summer after dropping off the college student for the fall semester. I'd heard a lot of good things and the food, while good, was not special. I had the brussel sprouts (excellent) and the classic benny (disappointing). The hollandaise separated and the eggs were over done. The potatoes were delicious though. My husband had the short rib hash which he liked quite a bit but his eggs were also over cooked. Poached eggs should not be hard!  My waiter was polite and efficient but probably had a couple of tables too many. The food was a little slow coming but the opportunity to drink a second bloody mary made up for it. lol.  Overall, somewhat indifferent but willing to give it another try in the future.Stopped in here for brunch today with a friend. Made reservations, so definitely no wait. Although when we got there there were plenty of seats , which was at 10:30 a.m. Once we were sat, it only took a couple of minutes for the server to come over. She introduced herself and took our drink order. The server, Maris?, was very nice, but I think she had a lot of tables, so it began slowing service. I tried Fried Green Tomatoes, which I thought were very tasty and they came out very quickly. For the main course we had the daily special, which was crab cakes eggs benedict. The presentation was great, but the food was lukewarm when it got to our table. We also had the short rib hash, which was served in a mini skillet. The food was warm, but just barely. It explains why it took so long to get our main course, it was sitting in the kitchen. We didn't tell the server and just continued eating. The flavor on both dishes was very good. I really enjoyed the cheese sauce that was on the potatoes for the short rib dish. The crab cakes were of very good quality and the hoecake underneath was delicious. I really believe that the food would have tasted better if it were hot. That being said this is definitely a good place to go for brunch. I give it three stars because of the cold food and the slow service. I'm sure this will be corrected and is just a one off experience.Trying to like this place. Like the menu. Been there twice for brunch and both times the food came out cold. Should have sent it back I guess. I'll try one more time.Stopped in for a drink last weekend and if I hadn't been on my way for a cheesesteak I would have loved to try brunch!  I walked up to the back bar and was intrigued by all of the sweet ingredients lined up.  Graham crackers, chocolate, mini hoecakes, etc.  I asked the barista what they were for and she handed me the menu with the dessert like coffee drinks.  I was intrigued but wanted a bit of alcohol and she told me that some people will spike them.
Problem solved! I had a chocolate chip cookie dough latte with vanilla vodka. OH. MY. GOD.  It was heaven.  I don't eat whipped cream really, but this was out of this world.  I took my time with the latte and have every last drop.  Absolutely delicious and cannot wait to go back again and partake in the whole brunch experience!Great food; get in by gaming the "reservation recommended" system!
We stopped in here for a lunch after the March for Science. We were looking for something that was good and nearby after walking 2+ miles. We walked in drenched, but were told without a reservation the wait would be 1hr. While I looked for another option, someone in our group made a reservation on his phone. Presto-chango: our wait was now 10 minutes! Saturday at 1pm it was very busy and loud. We were seated upstairs, where it was still loud and warm (wear layers to stay cool). 
We ordered so many things, and everyone left happy with no complaints. The red velvet french toast was decadent with lots of cream cheese. Get the buffalo chicken biscuits with the gravy on the side to eat as a sandwich. The short rib hash came with lots of moist short rib. The pecan sticky bun was huge and warm. The omelet was also huge and had rich cheese in the middle. A "side" lion salad was a healthy portion and light with the pineapple vinaigrette. They also have good cold brew served in mason mugs. 
The staff were friendly and seemed to handle the crazy busyness very well. 
Next time: I'll try a benny (short for benedict) with one of their brunch drinks.This place is great! The food was delicious and the service was on point. I imagine it will only get better as they settle into their flow. Plus, the space is beautiful!Thanksgiving lunch..good news, pleasant service and welcoming. Short ribs excellent, cheese grits too. But at $60 a person I'd expect more than srewey banked ham with some type of weird gooey coating, God awful cheese cake...return for main menu...Zak the bartender is awesome! He made me the best watermelon margarita and honored the price that was listed online for old city eats even though he didn't know about it. Everything is delicious here. Highly recommend it!I was excited to try the little lion with my friends as we love venturing throughout philly for brunch. We came across this joint from seeing a post on Philadelphia foodie about their buffalo chicken and biscuits (biscuits and gravy style) as well as their long list of "Benny's" (aka eggs Benedict). We had a party of 9 and they were able to accommodate us without a problem on a Sunday afternoon which was great. Our waitress was full of pep and very sweet. My friends and I started off with the cheese board which was definitely worth it. The toast they serve was so yummy and perfectly crunchy.  They served three cheeses along with two jams and honeycombs with a side of fresh sliced fruit. It was great! And shareable with about four people. My friend and I shared the chicken and biscuits as well as the fries green tomato Benny. Both of these dishes were very good. The reason I would not give five stars is because it took abnormally long for us to actually get the check after they cleared our tables. I would definitely recommend this to fellow foodies who want to try something new.Awesome food and drinks! The Short Ribs hash was delicious and so was the farmers omelet. Drinks wise the blueberry mimosa and the Irish coffee are a must have for brunch. Lions breakfast was pretty good too. We loved this place. The service was really fast and it located in a lovely location that adds to the experience. We will definitely be coming back to this place.SERVICE: 1 Star  FOOD: 5+ Stars
(I debated between giving a three star review, because the service was horrible but the FOOD WAS PHENOMENAL!!!)
We had the blackened catfish, mac & cheese, fried oysters, the lion burger, and a few of the cocktails...my only regret is that we couldn't order everything on the menu!!!
MY ADVICE: Beware of the error prone, chatty waiter working in the back bar area!  
THE STORY: My husband and son surprised me and took me to The Little Lion for the first time during Mother's Day weekend. We went on Saturday afternoon to avoid the crowds on Mother's Day Sunday. We requested a booth in our reservation, so we were seated in the back oyster bar area (which was perfect because the front area is crowded and noisy, but a good time if you're out with friends). 
It took our server about 10 or 15 minutes to even come by to greet us.  When he finally did come by, he gave us a very long (and unsolicited) story explaining why he was working in the back area, which is noticeably slower in terms of tips and patrons than the front area of the restaurant... all of which he pointed out during his story. When he finally walked away 10 minutes later, we realized he never even asked what we wanted to order in terms of drinks or appetizers! 
We ultimately flagged him down after waiting patiently for another 15 minutes and decided to give him the order for drinks, appetizers, and for our meals at the same time (because it was obvious he missed the part about serving the people seated in his section). He explicitly  indicated that he would put the appetizers in so that they would come out first. 
We waited for 20 minutes before flagging him down just for the drinks. During that time we were able to over hear the booth behind us going over their check with him and the errors on it (and him knowledge that he forgot to take something off that he messed up on when he put the order in).  The booth in front of us had to go get him just to get their check and were noticeably annoyed. So at the end of the day all of the booths that he waited on that afternoon had issues! 
Our drinks and our meals came out before the appetizers! We decided to go ahead and start eating our meals (thinking he'd stop by and acknowledge the error and bring out our appetizers). He passed our table at least three times (looking down at our meals), but never stopping to knowledge that our appetizers never came out or even to ask if we needed anything.  Instead we watched him chatting it up with patrons seated at the actual bar.
When we were almost done with our meal, we flagged him down and requested that he bring out another glass of water for my husband "when he brings the appetizers" (just a jar his memory that we never got them). At that point he knowledged that he completely forgot to put the appetizer order in (even though he wrote them down on his notepad before he even wrote down our meals). We ultimately asked him to bring our appetizers along with the check.
So our server aside, the atmosphere and food actually make this one of my "new" favorite restaurants in the city, but we will request to be seated elsewhere if we get the same waiter again! He alone is a huge thumbs down for a great restaurant.Amazing- pork chop was out of this world, as was fried chicken, mac and cheese and everything else!I love the space, it's very open and interesting without being too chaotic and loud. I went for an early happy hour with a group of coworkers and they seated us quickly and all together. We ordered a mix of food and drinks off the regular menu and happy hour menu. They did a fantastic job remembering things and keeping up with orders and the checks were accurate at the end.
The Southern Poutine sounded great but having a fried egg on top of fries proved difficult to handle. A lot of their food seemed to be a great idea on paper but difficult to handle in real life. They dropped off a stack of sharing plates but it was pretty awkward and cumbersome to evenly split meals to share. I feel like we ended up mangling a lot of the food instead of sharing nice bits and portions of it.
Their Raspberry Sangria is delicious but the glasses seem a little smaller than other places around the city (like Gaslight). Their cocktails seem to range from sweet to sweeter.The service here was top notch. Server was quick, knowledgeable, and friendly. I had the Lions Tea for a cocktail and it was hands down one of the best bourbon drinks i've ever had, worth every penny. The pork chop was delicious, my only complaint was the sides were very small..but in the grand scheme of things that doesn't really matter. The high ceilings are beautiful and the atmosphere was great as well.The food was awesome our waiter Todd was great the service was magnificent I would definitely go there again I had the prime rib so succulent, the grilled oysters were out of this world, my wife had kale ceasar salad, kale pesto pasta so good, the dessert was so scrumptious. I would definitely recommend going there the drinks were really goodService: 5 stars
Setting: 3 stars
Staff: 4 stars
Food: 4 stars
Restroom: 1 star
Note:  Would suggest purchasing new wine glasses.
You can easily walk pass this place if you don't pay attention.  Watch your step upon entering and exiting the restaurant.  Interior is narrow and the lighting borders dim. Whoops! 
The farmer's cheese has a consistency of ricotta cheese and when combined with the peach preserves becomes addicted.  I could snack on this all day. Yum! 
Being raised in the New England area I was skeptical about their fried oysters.  Right off, I loved the heavy crust on the oysters as well as the seasoning.  I nearly lost my mind dipping it into the sauce. I wanted to order another plate to go. 
My BFF had the Blackend Fish dinner and I had the Shrimp with Grits.  Both were equally tasty and satisfying.  Although I prefer my grits to be of a thicker consistency, the creamy texture went well with the shrimp.  The Blackened Fish was seasoned just right and not overly salty as I usually find it to be.
I will certainly revisit in the near future.Stopped in for a late lunch/early dinner. Everything was delicious. Drinks were ok - ordered an old fashioned (not on the drink list) and it was very sweet.
Rec:
Fried Green Tomatoes
Ham & Pimento
Fried chickenI decided to try Little Lion for a girls' brunch. We ordered grits/Mac&cheese/lion salad/farmer's omelette/French toast/sticky bun. The food was average but the service was terrible! We waited for an hour in between courses with no explanation. My friend ordered coffee and it took 20 minutes but they didn't bring the sugar/cream. Our waiter literally was no where to be found during most of the meal.Terrible service. The orders were all messed up and one member of the party wasn't served for 45 minutes and when they brought his food, it was wrong. The staff claimed the kitchen was busy but the restaurant was mostly empty. No one was happy with their meal. The salads had barely any dressing and no toppings. The sweet potato fries were soggy. The portions were also small. I would not recommend this place.Wow - amazing grub and the service was fantastic. Our server was a little too attentive in fact. 
We tried the poutine over fresh cut fries, the smoky wings (which had a really nice after heat to them), chicken thigh sliders and finally, the Philly cheesesteak. This was BY FAR the best rendition yet on the trip with really great flavors. The mushrooms and cheese really set it apart.Great location - across the street from the Museum of the American Revolution. The Restaurant was very busy when we arrived for Lin ch, but they accommodated us fairly quickly.
Good food and friendly service.Get the buffalo chicken biscuit!  Drinks and service are great as well.
Was very crowded when we got there but were quickly given a seat at the chef's bar by the lovely hostess.  
The server was definitely busy but very apologetic and still managed to provide great service.  He gave us some awesome recommendations.  Among them were a lovely whisky/watermelon cocktail that was perfect for brunch on a warm day.  I wasn't in love with the kale salad but both my boyfriend and I loved the buffalo chicken biscuit - delicious and unique.  Definitely worth a try!This is the first review I ever given; and it's sad to say it will be a horrible review.  Someone being in the customer service business or ppl business ; I can empathize with ppl in the service business.  I understand every body can have a bad day but tonight was just inexcusable.  I originally was met by a very personable hostess, who sat my girl friend's mother, her, and I down by an open window.  Even though it was nice outside, she mentioned she would close the window if it made us uncomfortable.  We informed her, "if it gets cold we would let her know."  She brought us menus and water within two minutes.  Decor was great; atmosphere was nice, it seemed like everybody was enjoying a Mother's Day dinner.  Than our waitor showed up about 10 minutes later or so.  We order two cocktails and a beer.  It took him roughly 15 minutes for the drinks to come. We were seated around 6:45; so now it's about 7:15 when we were ordering our appetizer, how ever he took so long with our drinks we had enough time to decide on our entree's too.  At this time I informed the waitor I drink pretty fast simply because he took so long.  I figure I order it now and get my drink 15 minutes from now.  He was like I understand I'm Scottish I'll go ahead and put the drink in (his words not mine). So 15 minutes go by and I have an empty cup;  I literally see him walk by and stop make eye contact with my cup acknowledging it was empty.  So I'm thinking to my self.  Ok, he had to have seen it; don't say anything (I didn't want to be that impatient guy, you know). Sure enough 5 minutes later he walks by me again and I'm like " hey bud, can I get that beer."   He than try to feed me some line that " he put the order in but it takes a while for the bar to get it ready". This is a BOTTLED BEER where the bar is literally 20 ft from me.  So i watch him go to the bar; ask the bartender for the hieniken. the bartenders pulls it right out and pops the cap.  He than than has the beer to my table in less than two minutes.  Now I'm feeling a little uncomfortable; because I can tell he just forgot. Whatever though; I'm thinking maybe he'll use this opportunity to step up his game recognizing the fact that he totally forgot and he needs to tighten up a bit.   At this point my girlfriend and her mother both order their next drink.  I also asked the waitor if he could close the window.  He informs us sure he can.  10 minutes later he brings out my girl friends mom 's drink. Doesn't bring out my girl friends drink.  Ten minutes go by; the window is still open so I asked the hostess if she could close the window she does it immediately.  I finish my next drink at this point decide to go to the bathroom and start to think;  where the hell are our appetizers.  I look my watch and realize it's 7:50 and our appetizers aren't here.  So I call the hostess over because again I don't see the waitor.  I tell her we ordered appetizers at 715.  And it is 750 and our food isn't even here.  I also tell her he is taking way too long with the drinks and he didn't even bring out my girlfriends drink.  So she ask us what we wanted to drink and in two mins both drinks were right there.  Than the waitor comes and says will the tamatoes were frozen so that's why The appetizers were taking so long.  It was obvious he forgot to put them in.  So I informed him to forget about it and bring us our entrees because I didn't want those to be sitting in the kitchen getting cold while they started on our appetizers. Ten minutes later he brings us our entrees.  So now it's 8:00 and 8:05 and we are eating our entrees.  However we felt a little irate that we didn't get our appetizers and the drinks took so long. On top of that; we have a waiter insulting our intelligence by just Lieing to us.   So when the waitor asked us how everything was, I pretty much told him, "the food was good but your service was horrible." I know everyone has a bad day but dont lie to me; if you made a mistake own up to it.  He than apologized for Lieing and they gave us 19 off a 118 bill. You couldn't pay me 97 to go back there to eat!Yup it was brunch with a friend and it was awesome!  
So started with small plates -
1)Fried Green Tomatoes
Bacon Tomato Jam, Buttermilk Ranch, Pimento Cheese
This was so yummy!  great combination of flavors  Would completely want this whole mess on a big crusty roll for a sandwich.
2)Macaroni & Cheese
Stewed Tomatoes, Buttered Bread Crumbs
The stewed tomatoes do it.  I will do this from this point forward on all mac and cheese I make.  The acidic sweetness with the richness of the cheese....  Just delicious.
Entrees -
1)Lion's Breakfast
2 Eggs Any Style, Choice of Meat, Toast, Potatoes - my companion had this and i never had a taste, she stated the best eggs she ever had and even called over the server to ask how they were made.
2)Short Rib Hash
Potato, Wild Mushroom & Papadew Hash, IPA Cheese Sauce, Poached Egg - this was mine... ALL mine.  
Their cocktails are also lovely  I love the whole shrub craze that is going in. I am in and theirs are delicious.!!!Knowledgable servers with great customer awareness, this Old City tavern is bound to become a long standing staple of the local scene