A beautiful, cozy, warm atmosphere. The food is outstanding and the service excellent. A delightful menu. I recommend to try.We only came for teatime, so I can't really rate the food or the dining rooms (which I hear are very cool), but I did attend with a Brit, so I can give you an authenticity rating.  The Brit says that it's not "authentic" per se, but it's a lovely homage to a British pub - not tacky in the least.  Based on my slightly more limited experience, I'd have to agree.
The drinks (Pimms deluxe, awesome!) were great, the tea was reportedly good too, and I really enjoyed the salmon-and-trout paté.  The place was pretty cozy too, but although I was seated next to the fireplace, still chilly.Great atmosphere . Had the cheese plate and pork tenderloin will definitely go back to explore the tasty menu some more. They could expand on the desert menu though, it didnt really have anything worth trying. Ok beer selection.a little loud at the beginning - i lost my voice trying to tell a story.  and ended up standing while waiting for a table since the bar area on the first floor was crowded.
and the service is very nice - it is just hard some times to get their attention (we ordered wine to eat with our mains and it didnt come until we were finished).
but the food was good - got the scallops and the burger.  the fries are fresh and HUGE.  the drink with pimms is also yummy - and the bartender was super accommodating and let me sub vodka for the gin.I was instantly sold on this place the minute I walked in the doors and the whiffs of smells hit my nose.  As we were seated and given the drink menu I was brought back to my time in England and thinking I was at a free house.  
The service was great, taken care of instantly even if there was not a seat left in the place.  The food was brought out quickly and was wonderful.  I have been told the deviled eggs are very good, well that is an understatement.  The meal was even better.
I cannot wait for my return to Philly just so I can come back.Fantastic food, decor, ambiance. The ricotta spread is Amazing. The tandoori chicken was phenomenal. The fish and burger were also on point. Spend your money here. Small menu but quality is priority to the establishment. No complaints.The Cheese plate,  Scottish Salmon and the Basil Punnett were delicious. Loved the atmosphere and decor, too! Will definitely be back.We were in Philly for a Phillies game and stayed overnight.  The Dandelion was a tremendous part of our Philly experience.  Great decor and service.  We just walked around the rest of the day saying, "God, that was so good"!  We had the Chicken Duck Liver appetizer which we weren't sure we'd like but our waiter said it was his favorite.  So glad we dared to try something new!  It was delicious.  We all shared the Fish and Chips, Hot Roast Beef Sandwich, and French Toast (best we'd all ever had!!).  We even went on and on about the watercress salad that came with the sandwich.  Excellent in every way.  Couldn't recommend more!Before I start my review, I must mention that I am bothered by the name of this place; it doesn't have the right British Pub feel to me.  So for the rest of this review I will refer to it as "The Dandy Lion Pub". Which I find to be so much more pleasing than a bar named after a weed that I don't even think exists in England...
I have a tip for anyone trying to get into this place: that super cool door on the corner of 18th and Sansom? Not the actual door.  I felt like a fool tugging on it, only to find out the real door looks like a side entrance on 18th.  Anyways, the decor in the Dandy Lion was somewhat odd, but enjoyable. As I waited for my friends to arrive, I sat near the fireplace in what felt like some old man's living room. I was afraid to touch anything until someone on the staff came over and told me it actually was for sitting not just looking (it resembles the random furniture you see thrown into some museums, with ropes in front of the display telling you not to sit). Side note: the staff here is fantastic: super nice, helpful, and very cheerful but laid back. We sat upstairs in a very homey feeling sun room which i just loved.  I could sit up there all day. 
I came here for brunch and was really pleased with the menu. I find most brunch menus to be very overwhelming, with way too many options. There was a nice range of choices but not so much that I couldn't choose a meal. I went for the Eggs Royale and they were fantastic. Just the right amount of Hollandaise and smoked salmon, and really well cooked eggs. The coffee was really delicious but heads up, its like $3.50 (a bit steep if you ask me). 
Also, the bar area looks lovely. I can't wait to find an excuse to come here for happy hour!Stephen Starr has done it again!  Dandelion is AWESOME from the food to the best ambiance I've experienced in Center City.  I really cannot wait to go back to the dog bar upstairs or sit by the fireplace downstairs, if I am lucky enough to snag a spot there.
There are several levels of the restaurant.  It feels really intimate in each space, which has its own design and layout.  I believe that this is pretty authentic based on my one trip to the UK a few years ago.  But honestly - knowing that Great Britain is not exactly known for its food - the ambiance is the only thing that this place has in common with its inspiration!  But I digress.  Major ambiance highlights include wood-burning fireplaces, which are a treasure during winter months, and the dog bar upstairs, with tons of photos and statues of dogs.  The furniture is all old-school - lots of wood, wooden tables, chairs and paneling.  Check out the room upstairs painted in off-white with a bay window overlooking 18th street and a beautiful light fixture...it looked very appealing and warm in there.
The food was great and the service was very friendly and welcoming.  It was crowded in there but they sat us within 20 minutes or so (no problem, I rocked some Pinot Noir while we waited).  PS - looks like a fun beer selection here.
Here's what we ordered:
-deviled eggs - nice curry flavor, but not overpowering at all.  MMM!
-butter lettuce salad - lightly dressed with apples, bleu cheese, pomergranite seeds...why is butter lettuce so good?
-fois gras - I don't usually order it.  Came with an egg, thick-cut bacon and balsamic reduction = one tasty bite!
-NY Strip - OUT OF CONTROL GOOD...comes with two sauces, one was a little creamy and one was a rich bbq-esque flavor.  This steak DEFINITELY rivals ALL steak houses I've been to in Center City BY FAR.  I could not get enough of this steak.  That is all I have to say.
-Roasted organic chicken - I don't usually order chicken out but this is the place to get it...came on potatoes, I caught a taste of turnips, roasted baby carrots...simple, delicious, hearty.
Next snow day you can find me at the fireplace in Dandelion.The rabbit pie is fantastic, the service and the atmosphere is great! Met some really cool people at the bar from Iceland and Boston, networking bonus, don't miss out!This meal is making me thirsty. I'll try it again because I enjoyed the atmosphere. Also our entrees were comped because we waited a half hour for them which isn't that bad considering how busy the place was.Wonderful spot. Starr restaurants are generally pretty solid and The Dandelion doesn't break from this mold. My husband and I brought my in-laws here when they were in town. The decor is warm with a great mix of cozy and old world charm. Everyone was a a fan of the Sunday Roast. The Sunday roast is AMAZING! The yorkshire pudding is well-worth the extra gym time. Indulge and enjoy! The hubs and I have been back many times, both for drinks and to dine. Always happy with the food, drinks, and service.The scones are the best in the city. And they have Ribena on tap basically! The shepherd's pie was also quite good. A great place for brunch in Philly, but do keep in mind a reservation well in advance. The decor/crowdedness is a little odd, but perhaps the feel of a British pub is meant to be more crowded.Excellent ambiance in a prime location.
Decor is unique and homely. The drinks are inventive (albeit a bit pricey). 
Came with a party of 8 -- took a while to get seated but overall service was pretty good.
Highlights:
 - Fish and chips
- Lamb bolognese
- Pork Belly
- Shepards pie
- Winter beer flip
- Darm and stormyHad lunch here with friends on New Years Day.  Our second visit to the restaurant. Was a very wonderful atmosphere.  We were early for our lunch reservation, so we sat at bar.  They have a very nice selection of brandies, bourbons, and whiskeys, which was perfect for a cold windy winter afternoon.  Had the homemade ricotta for appetizer.  It wasn't on the menu, but the waiter got it for us, since we specifically asked for it.  I had the fish and chips.  Fish was fabulous.  Chips were julienned a bit too large for my tastes.  I prefer a thinner cut.  Only complaint was that the staff removed plates before we were all finished eating.  So two people had their plates removed while the rest of us continued eating.  Was a bit too abrupt. Other than that, a very nice lunch and worth the price.I can't really find a reason to not give this restaurant 5 stars.  Our party ordered the more traditional English fare that this place specializes in.  Fish and Chips, rabbit pie, welsh rarebit, pork belly, all of which were perfect.  All came out piping hot, which to me was impressive given the size of space, number of levels, and bar that are all hopping at the same time.  Service was knowledgable, friendly, and always kept the complimentary sparkling water full.  I loved the decor.  Classic British gastro-pub to a tee, even in the bathrooms (which were sparkling clean).  Will be back here again soon.First things first - people love this place because it fills a void in the Philly restaurant scene. We don't have any other gastropubs of this theme or ambiance.
The food is not really British overall, but certainly showcases some classics and showcases them well. The decor screams British to such an extent that a pub like this couldn't possibly be found in England, but that's part of the charm.
Importantly, the food is very good. Several weeks ago I enjoyed a rabbit pot pie, and the rest of my party had excellent dishes (salmon, risotto) but the standout was actually the appetizer, a simple ricotta on toast. This dish is in vogue right now but the preparation here was excellent. Some dishes could use a bit of work but, overall, good menu and good preperation.
The drinks are fantastic. Of course, the beer list stands up to the theme honorably.
The atmosphere is uniformly positive in every room of the space. Really, just one of the best vibes in the city.
Overall, a really safe bet for a great night.I went with my family during restaurant week. As cliche as it is, the Dandelion was one of those places where I always meant to go to, but never got around to. Walking in on a humid evening, we passed through the lively bar area into the impressive multilevel restaurant space. The hostess led us up through a warren of small rooms before seating us in a bay window on the third floor.
The seating was a bit tight, with the oval table putting my elbow very close to another diner's back. I'm not sure if that's the normal layout, or if they had extra tables for the promotion. The view of the street and neighboring buildings made for a nice ambiance.
I started with a flight of cask ales, while the rest of my party stuck with wine and less "adventurous" beers. It's always good to see beer flights as an option at bigger restaurants, its a good way to taste a variety of their options. For my first course, I ordered the cured beef fillet, expecting something like a charcuterie board. Instead, it was served more like an openfaced sandwich, with meat, pickled onions, and salad presented a long, thin slice of crispy baguette. While unexpected, it was nonetheless fantastic. My brother's scallops and lentils were also excellent.
I ordered a pint of my favorite bitter in the flight, and the main course arrived. I chose the rabbit confit, served over a bean cassoulet with pork belly. The earthy beans complemented the succulent confit beautifully. The pork belly, always a nice addition to a meal, was the right kind of crispy, and helped to balance the plate. I'm not much of a dessert person, but thankfully the eton mess was a small tart punctuation to the meal.I was hankering for some fish and chips after a good visit at the dentist and decided to stop in this Steven Starr homage to British pubs.
Started with the soup, which was flavorful. But really? $10 for vegetable soup?!?!?!
After a 25 minute wait there came the fish and chips. One small piece maybe 4 inches long. It was a thick piece so it was ok but nothing stood out about the fish. The fries were great. Again, is this worth $20?
Not a great experience and I didn't find any reason to return. A shame.My experience with places that are Irish or English is usually good beer, bad food. This was, happily, an exception, They have both. Stopped in on a warm spring evening. The pub is located on a city corner and all the surrounding windows were open, bringing the inside space closer to the outside. Wonderful decor, reminiscent of an upscale English pub. Great beer selection and a broad menu with lots of small plates and more substantial dishes, too. Friendly, knowledgeable, attentive service. Thumbs up.The Bacon was awesome. The scones were awesome. You need to go here friendly staff and very clean. I ordered a omelette it was so good. I defiantly recommend you come hereHave only been once but definitely worth a repeat visit. Came for a ladies lunch - none of us shared a bite as we found our entrees too good to share! I'm familiar with bangers & mash and lamb shepherds pie (which the others got) so I went the rabbit pie. It was my first time having rabbit pie and as the saying goes, it did taste like chicken. But incredibly moist dark meat. The pot pie was amazing. We shared the Bakewell tart with lemon buttermilk ice cream and regretted it -- well regretted not each getting our own! Best Bakewell tart (sorry Mr Kipling). 
It was also really nice to be able to get a half pint.We went here on a Saturday night date for drinks. They seated us immediately without a reservation. The service was impeccable. The menu was very tempting so we also got the tomato Parmesan risotto which was absolutely delicious! I ordered the rose mimosa which was very refreshing. I will definitely return!Never disappoints,  great food in a homey setting.  Menu is creative and tasty.  Wine selection is impressive.Nice bar and good food.  Oysters were a great start.  Pork belly was also quite nice.  The Vindaloo was a bit of a disappointment though.  We figured and English pub would know how do a good curry - but the spice was pretty lame.
But we will return.  Much more to try on the menu and the service was great."The English don't have cuisine, only food". So wrote Agatha Christie.
But Dandelion proves Dame Agatha wrong.
Not surprisingly the roast beef was excellent and presented just as ordered, rare for wifey, end cut for me.
But what was surprising was the delicious dishes not Anglocentric. Be sure to try the liver parfait and arugula salad.
The beer  selection was as good as it needs to be for a good gastropub.  Try the chocolate beer but add rye and a raw egg at your own risk.
While noise levels were high on every level, up the steep stairs seemed quietest (however use caution going down after hoisting a pint or two).
All in all a good time should be had by all.
Cheers.So this has overall been one of my favorite brunch spots in the city. I stopped in around noon on a Sunday and was promptly waited on.  Even though the restaurant was full and busy, service was excellent. I had mentioned to the maitre d' how much I love the Pimm's Cup and as soon as I was seated, my server asked me immediately if he could "get a Pimm's cup going".  I said sure.  Then, we had the following:
PIMM'S CUP Pimm's #1, fresh cucumber, orange, lemon, strawberry. Delicious in every way.  Please do yourself a favor and instead of ordering them a la carte, go ahead and "order a pitcher." 
PINK GRAPEFRUIT burnt sugar, mint, honey $4.50.  Quite deliciouus.  I actually want to try my hand at making this at home.  It is relatively simple too.
BENEDICT canadian bacon, hollandaise sauce, toasted english muffin   14
ENGLISH BREAKFAST two eggs any style, cumberland sausage, black pudding, tomato, mushroom, smoked bacon, fried bread, baked beans   16
Please also do yourself a favor and get a side of Applewood Smoked Bacon.  You will not regret it.  Your arteries may.
The Dessert I had was the London Underground and from what the server told me, it had just been launched.  I can forsee this dessert sticking around for quite awhile.  Tasted amazing.  
STICKY TOFFEE PUDDING  vanilla ice cream.  This was also pretty good.  Can't go wrong here.  I've had this one many times and it is good every time. 
I loved the decor and the feeling that you were sitting in a small English dining room.  There are several such rooms in the multi-floored restaurant and each has its own unique intimate theme and feel. 
They have some unique seating opportunities such as two tables set up in a living room type area in front of a fireplace.One of the best restaurants in the city! I especially love have drinks by the fire place on the second floor before sitting down to eat. My favorite burger in the city!I LOVED this place. I wanted to go back two nights in a row. I had the salmon and it was the most perfectly cooked piece of fish I have EVER had (and I just moved here from California). I also loved the ambiance of the bar and the rooms. I can't wait to go back!! Can't forget the great service too!!!Dined in this spot for a business lunch last week. It was late in the afternoon (after 1:15pm), but still bustling! Our party of 5 had made reservations and had no wait for our table.
Our server had a great personality -- very friendly, sense of humor, attentive. The wait time for our beverages and food was satisfactory. 
The menu is not expansive -- just one page and no specials -- but they seem to offer options for everyone nevertheless. A few of us shared the deviled eggs as an appetizer. I had the crab risotto, which looked a bit nondescript but did not disappoint! It was the perfect temperature. The (real) crab was sort of shaved on top in thin chunks. Lots of flavor -- had a nice kick. They offer fun drinks, too (both alcoholic and non-alcoholic); I enjoyed the rose lemonade "soda."
Everyone tried something different: One person got the shepherd's pie, which came in a small crock/bowl but was the "perfect size" for the person who ordered it. Someone else got the famous fish and chips. (I tried a French fry -- it was yummy!) I heard no complaints from the folks who ate the burger and roast beef sandwich.
The decor is charming. It seems a little cramped inside, but we were not uncomfortable. There are single-toilet bathrooms that could use some major updating, but were clean enough and functional. 
Cute place! Glad we visited; I'd go again.I love their brunch and I love the atmosphere. Steven Starr has a win in this one!Great fast service at the bar with Eddie.
Every dish was pretty good.
Pork terrine - BREAD
Smoked salmon and trout pate - BREAD
Chicken duck liver parfait - BREAD
THESE FIRST 3 had crazy thick plentiful amounts of bread.  I felt like I should make a sandwich.  
Butter lettuce salad 
Pork belly - entree size?  Huge 4-5" square, first time I've seen such a big piece.  Delicious, tangy rich flavor, lean pork could be more tender.Never really Enjoy the food here but the drinks are fun and so is the atmosphere- if anything my favorite is their brunchI had the best new years eve dinner at the dandelion. It was a very busy night but we still got a table and got our food on time. Would love to go back again!Look, you either love Steven Starr's Disney-esgue perfect restaurant creations, or you don't.  Never cheap,  yet reasonably priced - depending upon how you define "value".  Like Disney, you don't get out cheap, but you get an experience.  Many will say that you can get better/equal food/drink cheaper elsewhere.  Yes, you can.  I think that if you can absorb the exquisitely detailed interpretations of the culinary and architectural experiences Starr conveys, you can deal with the cost differential.
Back to The Dandelion:  English Country Cottage.  To me, just go to the "Dog Bar" on level 2.  No disrespect to the blazing fireplace and fun bar on level 1, but the cute doggy decor in this bar and small dining area really make for a great experience.  Super cute.  
Great crafted cocktails.  Dark and Stormys.  Pimm's Cups.  A bunch of other mixes.  Heaven.
My food at any of Starr's places is always good, if not OMG.  But I come here to people watch, soak in the interiors/exteriors, and chat up an eclectic mix of patrons.Despite the mixed reviews, we ventured over to Dandelion for a Saturday lunch and had no problem getting seated.  We started with the Mac and Cheese, which was one of the cheesiest versions I'd ever seen, based mostly on the pizza-style layer of cheese over the top of the baked dish - we didn't love the cheddar.  I ordered the House Blend Aged Beef Burger medium rare, which came closer to medium, but appreciated the tasty bacon, "special sauce", and lively strips of pickles.  I also liked the thick-cut chips (read: fries) that were perfectly salted.
When you get the bill, check out the feedback cards with a Dandy Lion
sporting a dandelion.  We spruced him up with a few extra flourishes
to his outfit, but he was pretty spectacular to start.I love this place. I always go to the upstairs bar. Drinks and food are amazing. Service is excellent as well. Went for New Years as well and it was a very relaxed crowd.First of all, this was my first Steven Starr restaurant experience and I am glad to see it lives up to the hype! The decor of the restaurant, outside and in, is eclectic but somehow it all works. A mixture of hogwarts, Alice and wonderland, and...dogs? (Yes we sat in the infamous dog room and yes, we know why they call it the dog room). They make it work.  
Boyfriend and I had a reservation for Saturday at 12:15 and even though we were slightly late, they graciously allowed us to maintain our reservation. He ordered the brioche French toast with a side of bacon, and I had the eggs Benedict with bubble and squeak (a first for me!)
This was one of the best brunches I've ever had. I'm probably the world's biggest eggs Benedict fan, but i clearly haven't lived until I completed this dish. The hollandaise sauce with a tinge of smokey steak sauce was the perfect accompaniment to beautifully soft, poached eggs. 
Boyfriend was in heaven with his French toast. The chantilly cream was literally heaven, as was the texture and flavor of the French toast. 
The service sets the standard and the menu options were creative and perfectly executed. I would wholeheartedly come again.WOW.  I went here a few weeks ago with my main squeeze and it was WAY better than I thought it would be.  In general, I'm not very into typical English cuisine but the dishes weren't really classic English dishes.  To start we shared the coq au vin risotto and the house made ricotta.  BOTH WERE SO INCREDIBLE.  I am a huge fan of risotto and have never had this combination but will desperately try to reinvent this sometime soon.  The house made ricotta was so mouth watering I went back later that week just to get that.  I basically just spooned the ricotta into my mouth.  Our dinners were great, although my boyfriend won in ordering as he had this mouthwatering pork belly over lentils and I got a more typical steak frites dish (very good but not outstanding).  I'm giving this five stars because the appetizers were so incredible.  The one down side - with drinks and three courses we ended up spending around 140$ which is pretty steep even considering I had an 80$ gift certificate.  My advice: go with a friend and share three appetizers.  The risotto was 13$ and could definitely be an entire meal for me.  And watch out for the drinks! They're delicious but for the price I'd just have one and enjoy the food!!One of my favorite places to stop by the bar and have a drink and a few small bites.  My favorite bar bites are the deviled eggs and the roasted nuts.  The Beer Flip is a unique drink choice and they switch the type of beers up for the season.Had breakfast here- not many interesting options, but the eggs benedict with smoked salmon was solid. However, it was $16 and came with nothing else on the plate- could have used a tiny salad, or a few pieces of fruit or something. The orange juice was fresh-squeezed but very small.I went here with a large group for my friend's birthday party. She worked with a coordinator to choose a special menu that they printed up. I started withthe terrine, which was amazing. My main course was the shepherds pie which was rich and delicious. Finally, I finished the meal with the toffee pudding. It was incredibly sweet and rich, which wasn't bad. I just couldn't finish it all. I highly recommend this place for your special events.Great restaurant with lots of space, but broken up so you can usually find a table but don't feel like you're in a cafeteria. Then there's the drink...great beer selection and good wines too. Lastly, the food is all done well. Could be tempting to mail it in for a pub, but everything tastes great and clearly benefits from attention to detail.This place is great for so many reasons. Want just a beer or some wine? It has the perfect pub feel, with a great selection of things to nibble on. 
I've been there for tea, lunch and dinner. Everything is pretty solid on the menu, and always comes out delicious. 
My only peeve is that they could and should extend their beer selection a bit more. Definitely do recommend booking a reservation and you never know how packed it'll be, especially for dinner.Happy hour is from 5-7. $5 wines, $4 beers. Appetizers are very small plates and limited selection. The atmosphere is cool. Intimate and classic, minus the stuffed animals as decor. I chose to move past that, vegetarian here, so very biased on that front. Glad I came to check this place out!
The Welsh rarebit is quite tasty.I came here for a normal lunch on a weekday - which turned into a leisurely 3 hour meal followed by afternoon tea. That's what this place does to you - when you step into this restaurant, you are literally transported to a traditional English restaurant, nicely decorated with exposed wood panels and floral tableware. 
We started with the deviled eggs and the chicken & duck liver parfait. Both were excellent choices, but the chicken & duck liver parfait is an absolutely MUST. The parfait tasted extremely fresh and the waitress even gave us more of that delicious soft toast when she saw that we still had some spread left.
I ordered the rabbit pie, which was extremely extremely hot, but really yummy. It seemed small - about 6 inches in diameter - but stuffed with super creamy filling and  and I only ended up being able to finish about half of it. Definitely a heavy dish if that's what you're looking for. Some of my friends got the fish and chips, which were unlike any I had seen before. Instead of strips of fish, there was only one really big piece of fried fish, so just keep that in mind when you order it.
For dessert, we ordered the cheesecake (I can't seem to remember what the actual name was on the menu) and the sticky coffee pudding which were excellent. The cheesecake was so light and fluffy but not too sweet. The sticky coffee pudding was AMAZING but you should order this to share with everyone because it's just way too sweet after a few bites. 
We had a relatively large party (8) and the service was a bit slow but that's to be expected. Definitely give this place a try if you have lots of time to enjoy your meal!This place has an impeccable ambiance and location. If you can get a table in the window, you will love the spot. Service is quick and the wait staff is very attentive. Although the setting deserves 5 stars the food does not. I went for brunch and got an omelet which was only subpar. I tried both the mimosa and Bloody Mary (as both are my favorites) and neither were praiseworthy. 
One thing I can say, if you are there for brunch order the scones! They are amazing and served with a great jam.I ordered the Beef and chips I wanted medium but the beef came out more like medium well so it was too dry for my liking (-1) but with water crest leafy it was okay. I also had the Crab cake cod chili cakes crispy with aioli sauce. The appetizer comes with three golf ball sized crab cakes ... Wish there were more! 
Pimms cups watery and too much ice wheres the alcohol?! (-1)Came here on a Saturday night for a romantic birthday and they surpassed my expectations on service, food, drinks, and atmosphere. When we arrived, they told us that we would have to wait a few more minutes before we were seated and suggested that we wait by the bar, so we did. While we waited, I had the Scotch Honeysuckle and it was perfect, so perfect I had three of them after that. 
For dinner, I had the Crab Risotto and my date had the Rabbit Pie. Both dishes were amazing! My date was swooning over the Rabbit Pie and kept remarking on how tender and delicious the rabbit was. My Crab Risotto was fantastic, it was creamy, flavorful and cooked perfectly.  
Our server of the night was friendly, knowledgeable and attentive to our needs. If you do plan on coming here on a weekend night, I recommend making a reservation ahead of time as it seems that they get pretty busy.For the middle aged crowd, this restaurant is dark, crowded and noisy. Best table is upstairs near the window. Menu is eclectic and promising, but the food was salty. Caesar was very good. Crab cake and crab risotto lacked crab flavor. Duck bolognese was dry and pasta overcooked. Place was packed and bar full,I think I finally found a Starr that I will frequent. You can read through my reviews of the empire of Stephen Starr's eateries and my less than glowing feel towards what he has to offer. However, after a meeting downtown I found myself feeling a bit adventurous and wanted to go out for drinks and dinner by myself in a new place. 
I passed by Dandelion and figured after hearing good reviews from my best friend, that I would give it a go. I was fairly impressed by the overall experience. The beer list was loyal to the atmosphere (a lot of English styles), while it still offered enough variety. The entire menu was exciting and I found myself debating between several things. Being my first trip and being a huge burger fan, I figured I'd give theirs a whirl. I'm not going to herald this as the greatest burger I have ever had, but the uniqueness of the ingredients made it worth the order.
My favorite thing about my trip to Dandelion was the cocktail. I'm a beer guy, but when I saw this cocktail I had to try it. The Summer Beer Flip! It tasted like freshness, that's the only thing I can say. It was gin, pilsner, raw egg, cinnamon, marmalade and chocolate. Sounds strange, but man was it good!Awesome spot to grab drinks and dinner in a really cool atmosphere.   They have my favorite beer in the world here as well Weinstepehener hefeweizen.  Glad we discovered this place thanks to Yelp.Absolutely love it here! The chicken liver mousse is a must have. The service is always great here and we really love the upstairs dog themed room. If you're near Rittenhouse it's definitely worth checking out!Dandelion is a great place for brunch and I've found for afternoon tea as well, especially when you find yourself hungry at a weird time of day (3 PM) on a cold rainy Monday looking for somewhere warm and inviting to eat. We came today for their afternoon tea after finishing up at a museum a little earlier than planned. We didn't partake in their adorable tea sandwich tiers this time. We've had them before and they were both delicious and pretty to look at. This time we opted for tea based cocktails (i had the green tea mint mojito and my husband had the chamomile lemonade - both were delicious) and shared an order of the deviled eggs (the filling had a little zing - I'm wondering if it was either curry or colemans mustard), the roast beef sandwich (the beef melts in your mouth and is perfectly paired with a hearty bread and spring mix side salad) and a side of chips (thick cut fries perfectly salted). While the desserts sounded yummy we opted out this time, but I'd definitely like to come back to try the petite pastries which sounded perfect after a lovely afternoon tea. Bottom line - dandelion is a great choice anytime of day, but their afternoon tea isn't something that everyone offers in the city and it's a nice little treat!  Check it out!I LOVE this spot. They have tea everyday and all of the treats including scones and short-bread are delicious. The brunch dishes and regular entrees are amazing too. Try the bubble and squeak---so tasty!Ah, brunch how we love you. I took the husband to Philadelphia for a birthday weekend and of course we had to go out for brunch.  This was a pure Yelp find and our friends used OpenTable to secure reservations which we highly recommend.
Four of us enjoyed a variety of breakfast options, however we were all highly impressed and in love with the lobster Mac and cheese.  We split this entree as an app and were happy we did.  One person could eat it but would probably be a bit heavy, as in you might not be able to get up from the table.
I loved the design of this place - it felt like you were in someone's old home. There were nooks and crannies and creaky rooms to explore. 
Service was great and we would recommend this place for brunch.Delicious food with a home cooked feel. Even though British food is not my favorite, the Dandelion persuaded me otherwise.Really nice and vintage-like environment! I went there for afternoon tea with a couple of girlfriends. There were 6 of us and we order the Royal Occasion (which came with four cups of tea), Down the Rabbit Hole and another set of 4 cups of tea. We were able to order the Chai tea and the Mint tea (both highly recommended). The staffs were really accommodating to our different dietary needs (i.e diary free and meatless sandwiches). The chef organized the different finger foods into specific tiers so that it was easy for us to tell which sandwiches for vegetarian freely or dairy free. 
Overall all the savory snacks were really good! The mini lava cake and the mini raspberry tart were amazing. Really good for people who like sweets but nothing really sweet. 
We got one of the mad hatters drink called the Cow Punch. It wasn't particularly good since the alcohol was overpowering the tea mix.Is it wrong to talk about how much I loved the bread? Soft and warm on the inside with a crunchy crust, served with salted butter = true love. The cocktails were delicious. The food was delicious. A little loud and crowded in the bar. I wish I could come back to try more of the traditional English dishes!A great atmosphere in a building that is one of a kind.  The rooms and tables make you feel like your eating in someone's house.  The fish and chips were outstanding as was the burger.  If you like pub food, this is the place for you.My first time to The Dandelion did not prove to be a wasted trip. My friend who lives nearby has been asking me to go try it out. I finally decided to take her up on it and go in for lunch today. I've been to London once before and have dined at some restaurants there. But I wasnt in the mood to experiment today and decided to go for the beer battered fish. My friend had the Shepherds.
It was amazing. It didnt quite taste like anything I've had in London but the consistency was just perfect for my taste buds. The price wasn't too out of the ordinary but I wasn't too pleased with the decor there. The place looked like a remodeled house and it was a bit too dark for me. Otherwise I would say that it was a very pleasant experience.The one place I always stop at when I visit Philly. The atmosphere is amazing, the people who work there are friendly and I still dream about the French Toast. It's by far the best meal I've ever had.To;dr: I had an amazing meal here; all of the bread I had was excellently baked, portions are larger than you think but you won't be displeased.
The ambience is evocative of an English pub - lace curtains, warm wood bar top, forest green walls adorned with mounted animal heads. It reminds you that a lot of what you're about to eat is considered game meat - rabbit, duck, lamb, etc.
The Welsh rarebit: this comes in a slice of thick, soft bread approximately two inches tall with a spread of seasoned rabbit on it. The slice must have been warmed in the oven, because the edges were crisp and crunchy and I loved how it contrasted with the fluffy white bread interior.
The duck liver pate parfait: one of the creamiest and really quite phenomenal pate mousses I've ever had the pleasure of eating. The bread it was served with was buttered and toasted, and it was also so thick that I really had to gape my mouth to chow it down. I also really enjoyed the fig jam it was served with - the sweet caramellyness cut the savory pate very well.
The smoked trout and salmon pate: this was served with rye bread, which was toothsome and dark and everything rye bread should be. It stood up well to the smoky fishy pate, of which there were generous portions of.
The most underwhelming dish I got was the oysters with the cucumber relish; only because there's only so much you can do to transform raw oysters and they were really quite small and insignificant.
Otherwise, I had a very yummy meal and I would totally come back to try their other wares.My wife and I went there for a nice lunch. Had the tier sandwich option. Most of the sandwiches were very tasty but the roast beef, tuna salad were just typical. Which is not bad but from Dandelion I expected more. The rest of the sandwiches were terrific though. As always the service was perfect. They even brought a bowl of water out for our pup.The service is professional, but not annoyingly so. We had a table for a party of 7 and had a great time. The deviled eggs were yummy and the turkey club was quite popular around the table. My mom joined us for this meal and she makes the world's best macaroni and cheese - but she noted that the Mac and cheese at the Dandelion is almost as good as hers. Humility isn't one of her strong suits!
The food is great and the ambience is even better!  Be sure to check out the dog room with its awesome bulldog bar.  The fireplace downstairs is a great spot to sit if you're early for your reservation after a long day of shopping on Walnut Street. 
This was my third time at the Dandelion and I have to say it's my favorite place to eat when I visit Philadelphia!I recently came here on a Saturday night for a friend's birthday dinner. It didn't feel like an overly-trendy Steven Starr restaurant, so that was a plus. It really does feel like a legit English pub, only bigger, cleaner and much better organized than anyplace you'd find in London. But the music selection was waaay off-base. That's the only thing that distracted from the otherwise spot-on ambiance.
The beer selection was fantastic, and the food was amazing! Fish balls, pork pate, Cumberland sausages were all fantastic, but the pork tenderloin stole the show. Our server Mary was great; fun but professional, and great with making suggestions.
No complaints from anyone in our party. I would definitely visit again.Delicious Brunch.
Started off the meal with an order of the devilled eggs and the Chicken/Duck Liver Parfait...delicious choices...The devilled eggs had a touch of paprika on top which added a nice kick to cut down the mayo taste...the Parfait was accompanied by some nice toasted brioche bread and also an AMAZING grape chutney...Heavenly...for our main dish..we split an order of the fish and chips...(felt like london...delicious, flaky and NOT Greasy)..we also got the english breakast...(you don't see this at a lot of places...the black pudding was a treat)...
Only reason I didn't give this place 5*'s is because the silverware and the glasses were all pretty dirty,.the waitress did quickly switch them over for us and apologized...I stopped in here with my better half to meet a friend who was in town visiting. The menu looked pretty decent and I had walked by a few times - it looks totally charming - so we decided to eat here for lunch. The meal was alright, though not as good as I would think it would be considering the food is not cheap. I wouldn't say it is ridiculously overpriced, nor would I say it is cheap. But, for what you pay, you might expect slightly higher quality ingredients and presentation. The atmosphere is great and it's easy to see why this place gets so crowded even during the middle of the week at lunch. But, the atmosphere is definitely better than the food.The Dandelion is so cozy and welcoming.
After many months of talking about making a reservation, Lindsay V. and I finally accomplished our inaugural trek in last Wednesday. We were seated upstairs for dinner in the floral/springy room near the window, and it set the backdrop for a great meal.
I started with the red sangria ($10) and while I wish it had more fruit in it (sangria should be fruity! always!), it was still superb and a good mid-week kick. Lindsay urged me to try one of her beets from her jar app, and was quite pleased when I liked it. She's right -- those purple things do taste like pickles.
For my meal, I took the safe route and kinda wish I hadn't. There were other options that looked pretty good, but I did (surprise) go for the chicken dish ($24). Was it worth the price tag? No. Was it good? Yes, indeed. It came with bubble and squeak, which may be my new favorite British food to say, and roasted carrots. I usually abhor carrots, but those did not taste like regular carrots. Way to go, Dandelion! First time in my life that I've ever liked carrots!
I was stuffed by the time I was done with my meal, and I had enough for lunch the next day, which is always the mark of a good dish and makes the wallet hurt a little less, in my opinion.
If you haven't been, I'd definitely recommend a visit. It's just so cute in there.One of my fav places despite the bad rep that English pub fare typically gets. I've frequented Dandelion quite a few times in the past few years and I really love the feel of the place--inmate dining and bar areas without feeling stuffy. They have pretty great happy hour specials but my most recent trip (3 days ago) was for brunch and those Queen Mary bloody marys are HEAVENLY!! I paired it with my go-to snack of chicken and duck liver parfait which is just phenomenal. I'll be back as soon as the gluttonous guilt subsides (so...probably today).No, don't come here expecting anything spectacular. Got a burger that had literally no flavor and just ended up dumping loads of ketchup on. Fries were good. Also took an hour to get seated on a random Tuesday evening and had to sit at the bar where there was barely enough room for the plates ugh. Expected more, and left disappointed.Been here a few times and had the burger, beef cheek and the rabbit pie all were amazing. great cocktails, atmosphere and staff. A little pricy but worth it you want all three! Definitely one of my favorite places in and around Philadelphia.Intro:
A wonderful British interpretation of the new gastropub, with the environment to match.
Basics:
1. Haven't had beef tartare this good in a while. They use a roasted shallot vinaigrette which gives it a piquantness that is new and appreciated in a dish that can be one dimensional or over complicated.
2. You can't go wrong with any of the charcuterie plates. I'm a sucker for liver so the Chicken and duck liver tray was a hit. 
3. House burger was good, I'd say a good 3.5 stars. I felt that the bun was a bit dry. Bacon was a plus.
4. The half-a-chicken was stellar. Wonderfully seasoned, never dry. I'm glad they just topped it off with the chicken reduction/jus. Again, simple dish kept simple; no complicated sauces.
5. Wine selection is pretty fair but is eclipsed by the beer offerings by far. 
Conclusion: 
Great meal in a terrific environment. Come early before your reservation, have an aperitif at the bar, and enjoy the little details of this establishment.The Dandelion is a british type gastropub/brunch place. The atmosphere and ambiance is very unique and there are multiple rooms with different decorations inside. 
We got three dishes, the English Breakfast, a salmon pate, and bangers and mash. I enjoyed the salmon pate because it had a nice salmon flavor without being too fishy, and the fish was not too raw or too overcooked. Overall the texture was very nice.
Unfortunately I liked the bangers and mash less. The sauce and gravy itself was decent - salty with a strong onion flavor. The two pieces of sausage included were less great. I felt like they lacked a lot of sausage flavor and maybe were too bland. The English breakfast had bacon but I felt like it was slightly too smoky. The sausage in that dish was very similar to the bangers and mash, and it also had a very mild 'gasoline' type flavor. The egg also could have been fried a little more.
Overall the prices seemed a little high for simple food. The main dishes were around $16 but I did not think they were too special. 
The final conclusion: Good for the ambiance and maybe small appetizer dishes, but don't come for regular brunch food done well.The food was good but the whole experience was very disappointing.  The service was awful, the waiter was extremely rude, I don't even know his name because he never introduced himself. Twice food was set down on the table and we had to ask for plates and utensils and got an attitude. The final straw was when the waiter came over and said " you are getting free dessert because apparently you were not happy with my service". He then set down 2 desserts for 10 people. An email to corporate was answered and we were told that our whole party would be invited back to "Enjoy the Dandelion experience as it was meant to be enjoyed." We later received a voucher in the mail for $125.  Our bill was almost $500 so apparently they think we will all come back and spend another couple of hundred. No thanks.(Posting this very late) Had a fantastic Valentine's Day lunch here and can't wait to go back for dinner (still haven't been back for dinner, so it goes). By far the best fish & chips I've ever had, really great deviled eggs, and my date's butter lettuce salad was great as well. The service was perfect, with the host and our waitress coordinating the delivery of flowers I had purchased to our table at the end of the meal. The atmosphere is very welcoming and I love all the decor.My first trip to Philly - decided to find a local pub with some friends. The Dandelion was a fantastic choice. It's a quaint pub, nice classic look, and really captures a great taste of old Philly. Just love the real wood everywhere, nice little sectioned off rooms, and a well place bar to finish it off. Great place for a date night or a group of friends. Food was outstanding - I posted what I had. My friends also really enjoyed their meals. Staff was great and made a lasting impression on our first night. This place is a 100% stop if you are in Philly.Great service and everything we had was delicious--right down to the bread that came with the appetizers. Loved the risotto I ordered! It had a kick to it.I've been here twice for bunch and it's always a good experience. 
The first time I went I split the scones, cheese plate, and salmon eggs Benedict with some friends and it was very good! 
The second time I got the traditional English breakfast and the SO got the bubble and squeak. These also were very tasty!  
I love that they have sparking water for free and their selection of brunch cocktails and beers an ciders are always great. I look forward to visiting them again soon!
The only downside is that the service is not the best. They are often busy and it seems that the waitstaff is often spread thin. Either that, or they just haven't been terribly attentive. It can be a long time between the waitstaff's visits to the table. But aside from this, it's a great spot in Philly!