The hotel is nice and the people who work here are nice. Our room was lacking a lot though. The duvet covers weren't zipped and it was because the zipper got stuck on the material and instead of fixing it, they just left the duvet cover open. We didn't have any shampoo, conditioner, or a bath mat. They left the bath soap on top of the toilet cover. I feel like they didn't completely get the room ready prior to us arriving. For the amount of money you spend on a room here, I would go to a hotel nearby.I couldn't of had a better experience at The Westin Philadelphia. All of the staff was incredibly kind and helpful. The hotel is located above a shopping center, so you are steps away from a number of stores, such as 'The Body Shop' as well as many food options. My only complaint would be the price of parking at $40 a day!Love staying at the Westin. Stayed here for my friends birthday the door man gave us complimentary drinks at the bar for her birthday which I thought was so nice. The rooms are always nice clean and spacious. Great location and can't beat the price for where you're at.Nice hotel in a prime location. That's all you can really ask for. Plus, I got another sick deal through hotwire.com. Our room at the Westin only cost $113/night, plus tax.
Also, we discovered when we got there that this is the hotel most MLB teams stay at. I know this because I saw several Mets players there. So that was kind of cool. It reminded me of my days when I was a kid, on family vacations in Boston, waiting in the lobby of the Sheraton (where we always stayed) for autographs of Don Mattingly, Roberto Alomar, and Mike Mussina, amongst others.
Anyway, the hotel took care of all our needs and was very clean and nice. That's all I really care about in a hotel. Definitely recommended for anyone with kids who likes baseball, and anybody who is willing to use Hotwire to book a hotel room.Great stay on Valentine's weekend! Guest services were excellent, room was clean and large. We stayed in a superior king room. Nice rain head shower with handheld sprayer. Hints of Philly history were tastefully decorated throughout the whole place. Parking is expensive, but I don't think more than other hotels in the area. You can easily save by using a garage nearby.Check-in was easy. The front entrance to this hotel is strange as it is located on the floor below the hotel's main lobby. Need to take an elevator up to the main floor of the hotel so it's not directly accessible from the street. The view sucked but didn't go to Philly to stare out my window. Beds were comfortable-- a little too soft for me but it was fine. Bathroom was spacious and the shower had TWO shower heads, kinda cool. Only complaint would be the MISC refreshment center charge. 
These hotels have sensors in the mini fridge as well as the snack station. Jay C. accidentally picked up one of the cookie bags and of course I was charged for it. It clearly states (in small print) that everything has a sensor and should not be removed if you are not going to eat/use it.  Oh well, lesson learned. 
It's walking distance to many shops (tax free on clothes/shoes!!!) and restaurants and is conveniently located near the Rittenhouse Square area. Great location for the price. I paid $211/night for 3 nights Fri-Sun.  Would definitely be back at the Westin Philadelphia for future visits to Philly.
--
Parking: Didn't rent a car, but taxi ride from airport was about $30 without tip. Philly is a very pedestrian friendly city so we walked around to soak in some culture. Cab fares are very reasonable...and I'm being generous. I started this review during breakfast on my last days' stay. Originally awarded it two stars but the flying bugs hovering around my orange juice sealed the deal. My ultimate goal when picking a hotel is ensuring a good nights' sleep. Don't count on that here. The rooms are quite loud. The jackhammer at 6:00 am two days in a row guaranteed a frustrating wake up. I was on floor 12. I pity the fools on floors 1-11. Their teeth must have rattled out of their heads. The ice machine is situated in a room off the main hallway, which is a good idea. They don't want anyone to see you fall when you slip on the wet floor with no mats and melting ice everywhere. I had to have the ice though.  The swelling on my knee from the fall wasn't going to go down on its own. I'd already bandaged my hand from the razor sharp interior door handle in my room. It was machined so thin that I left with what felt like several small paper cuts. Self parking is $40 so I felt I got the value of the $52 valet. The valet guy agreed, as he indicated it's only a few bucks more, might as well valet. Good salesman!  I am pretty sure the lady in the room next to mine was having a baby, an elephant baby. The high-pitched squeals The upsides are the nice television, comfortable beds, and the location. There are several very nice hotels in the area. I recommend checking out one of those before coming to the Westin in Philadelphia-especially if you want breakfast within an hour of ordering it. I'm still waiting as I write this....I received my food and it was a decent omelette. The dishes were still on the table when I checked out an hour after finishing my meal. That wouldn't be a big deal but you walk directly past the restaurant to get to the elevators. It was very dirty. They were simply understaffed and unprepared for the weekend. I understand the hotel can't control construction next door but they can put a notice out. They can also control the other issues I mentioned above.  When I asked the concierge if I was the one millionth customer to complain about the jackhammer, he smugly advised "No, two millionth." He comp'd my movie from the night before.Completely incompetent bar staff. My girlfriend and I sat for nearly half an hour, being completely ignored by these morons.
DO NOT EVER COME HERE!!!!!!!!Nice stay in downtown with great shops and restaurants within walking.
Self parking in public lot below, $41 per night.  No discount or free valet even if you're platinum status.  That's typical of a big city downtown hotel. 
SPG is great.  Sometimes their benefits are not communicated well.  Like the platinum breakfast is for two people but the server said they didn't write 2 people with a pen?  The breakfast card says platinum on it, server should know.Shady staff and customer service.  We booked through a third party and tried to check in early.  They would not allow us.  I have never had a problem with early check in at any other hotels.  So we came back that night and they said our room had "mechanical issues" and sent us to a hotel down the street.  They said we will get our money back. They asked for my contact information.  I NEVER heard from them.  I called them and they said that I have to get the money back from the third party.  The third party said the hotel should have told me that I am still responsible for the fees we paid.  In other words, they LIED.  I will not recommend this hotel to anyone.  A bunch of crooks and liars.Amazing hotel! We only stayed one night as we were in town for a concert, but we couldn't have been happier with our hotel choice. The room was clean, comfortable, and nicely furnished with all modern amenities. Staff were friendly and recommended a great steakhouse for us to try. Great downtown location close to many shops and restaurants. Overall a great stay!The room was great expect the sheets were so stiff. Staff is friendly but I feel like for $590 it was a bit overpriced. Everything was beautiful in the hotel however the dish that I ordered at the bar was way over salted.  All in all four stars for aesthetics and a friendly staff.This hotel is really nice!  I had the pleasure of staying here for a business trip (so it was paid for, yes!) and the rooms are amazing.  The beds are soooo  comfy.  The location is great and it is centrally located to many local attractions including shopping, the Philadelphia Museum of Art, Liberty Bell, and many train stations.  There was only one thing I didn't like about the hotel - the gym was just OK.  But if you don't care about that, then yes, this place is awesome!  I would definitely stay there again.This is a former Ritz Carlton property, and it shows. Very classy, old school lobby (on the THIRD floor).
Great location in the city, adjacent to Market Street, the financial district, and stores/restaurants are within easy walking distance.
Room was well-furnished, flat screen TV, very comfortable bed.
Wifi is $12.95/day so I used my phone's hot spot.
I'd stay again!All the double bed rooms were booked for a weekend bar mitzvah celebration so had to book a king bed. Entrance is off 17th, where you take the elevator to the lobby then take another elevator to your floor. Room was nice but when I tried to make coffee I saw a hair in the part of the coffee where you pour the water and it also looked dirty inside. Ewwww. The sink faucet also leaked as well as the shower. This room seemed like a hot mess. It was pretty cold in our room too and took a while for the heater to kick in. The 2 stars is for the location. We were able to walk to independence hall all the way to see the rocky statue within a few hours. Note...we didn't see a gift shop, which sucked because we wanted souvenirs, but at least there was a Rite Aid at the corner open 24/7. 
Room rate was $99 which was cheap, but didn't get much quality for the crappy room amenities. Waaaa waaaahThe room was similar to the room in the Westin DC City Center and Westin Grand.  So this must be the Westin's new theme, which I approve.
The room was a perfect size, casual and modern and in really good condition.  The dcor was soothing.  There was a HD LCD flat panel with tons of HD channels.  The room was well lit.  The work are had a nice sized desk with plenty of outlets for charging laptops, mobile phones, cameras, etc.    
The Bathroom was large and roomy enough for two and came with the standard Westin Heavenly bath products.  There was a small boo boo.  There wasn't the full compliment of toiletries when I arrived, but a note for the very nice housekeeper fixed that.
There is high speed wireless for $13 but it was inconsistent.
This Westin does not have a Club Lounge or a pool but there a nice sized gym with newer equipment.  There is a business center somewhere on site.  The hotel valet parks, but there is the chance that you can find street parking or a surface lot or self parking within  the Liberty Place complex.
There is a restaurant on site, but it didn't appear to be to inspiring.
Since my last stay here, this property has greatly improved and is definitely my number one choice for hotels in Philly.We were quite pleased that we were able to Priceline negotiate our way into The Westin for only $80.  Seemed like a screaming deal, nearly too good to be true, but luckily it wasn't! 
The hotel itself is set up somewhat oddly because you go in on the first level and then you have to take an elevator up to the lobby.  Maybe it's for security? But it seemed like more of a hassle.  Also once you go to your second set of elevators you had to swipe your room key to get to the correct floor. Also somewhat annoying.  Once you got the room, however, it was paradise.
The bed itself was so comfortable that we immediately fell asleep.  Yes, we had been walking for over 10 hours and needed to rest our weary souls, but man, that bed was comfortable! The room also featured a leather desk (yes, it was really quite odd), the flat screen tv, and random chair.  The bathroom was super nice and the whole space was exceptionally clean.
I don't think I could regularly afford to stay in this kind of hotel, but if Shatner continues to give me great deals I look forward to pretending I'm rich!Really like the Westin in Philly. The rooms are really comfortable, and everyone, especially the folks at the front desk are very helpful and friendly.The Heavenly Bed. That's what I look forward to whenever I'm lucky enough to find myself in a Westin. 
The Heavenly Bed was mine in Philadelphia for a night last week after I received this note from Priceline: "Congratulations, your price of $101 was accepted by The Westin Philadelphia." I do love a bargain! 
The hotel's proximity to the Helium Comedy Club and plenty of shops, restaurants and bars meant I could walk everywhere I needed (and wanted) to go.
The friendly blokes at the front desk happily put me in a room on the 12th floor when I told them I liked to take in the view. I'd happily return to the Westin Philadelphia (and that heavenly bed too!)Stayed at the Westin overnight this weekend. I was very pleased our accommodations. Our room was comfortable and beautiful. The king sized bed lived up to it's heavenly reputation. It was in a convenient location; we walked to get breakfast Sunday morning, andGreat location and the service was pretty good. However, our room had leftover trash on the floor from the previous guests. A few lamps in the room did not function either. Also, the bed spread was ripped on the edges. For a 4 star hotel, i expected a little more bang for the buck.This is a great hotel. My favorite place to stay in Philly!  The rooms are very comfortable and well appointed. The staff is very friendly. Great customer service.We stayed there for our anniversary. The area is filled with things to do. The bed was in fact heavenly, but the rest of the room was filled with dust, including the bathroom... we thought parking was complementary when you stayed at the hotel, but it ended up being just $35 in the parking garage that is shared with the mall. Good price compared to some other overnight parking in other cities. Staff was nice.I had my wedding there on Saturday October 12,2013 and I can't say enough wonderful things about the staff. Marion T. Was my wedding planner and she was amazing. Everything went off without a hitch. The food was delicious and my husband is a chef. He agreed everything was spectacular. We stayed there for the night in a suite which was great. The room was so nice and clean. I can't thank them enough for making my wedding a dream come true!!!..and I'm being generous. I started this review during breakfast on my last days' stay. Originally awarded it two stars but the flying bugs hovering around my orange juice sealed the deal. My ultimate goal when picking a hotel is ensuring a good nights' sleep. Don't count on that here. The rooms are quite loud. The jackhammer at 6:00 am two days in a row guaranteed a frustrating wake up. I was on floor 12. I pity the fools on floors 1-11. Their teeth must have rattled out of their heads. The ice machine is situated in a room off the main hallway, which is a good idea. They don't want anyone to see you fall when you slip on the wet floor with no mats and melting ice everywhere. I had to have the ice though.  The swelling on my knee from the fall wasn't going to go down on its own. I'd already bandaged my hand from the razor sharp interior door handle in my room. It was machined so thin that I left with what felt like several small paper cuts. Self parking is $40 so I felt I got the value of the $52 valet. The valet guy agreed, as he indicated it's only a few bucks more, might as well valet. Good salesman!  I am pretty sure the lady in the room next to mine was having a baby, an elephant baby. The high-pitched squeals The upsides are the nice television, comfortable beds, and the location. There are several very nice hotels in the area. I recommend checking out one of those before coming to the Westin in Philadelphia-especially if you want breakfast within an hour of ordering it. I'm still waiting as I write this.The Philadelphia Westin is what you can expect from any other Westin. The service is excellent and the location is amazing. My partner and I got a nice suite for the both of us and we felt right at home. 
Murray, the bartender, is a delight. He was always polite and helpful and had the most amazing stories to tell since he has been working at the place for a very long time. 
All in all, the Westin Philadelphia had everything that I could have asked for and more. I will definitely go back and enjoy another stay during my next visitI really wanted to love this hotel but I was so disappointed. Everything was great, the ambience, check in, the staff, but everything was very DIRTY. 
The comforter on our bed had miscellaneous stains. I called the "service express" before we left for the day and they said they'd fix it right away. We came back to a freshly cleaned room and made up bed. However, when we got into bed that night it was the SAME dirty comforter with brown stains all over it. We were disgusted.
We didn't even feel like calling at that point so we just threw the dirty comforter on the floor and slept with just the thin sheets.
The next day when I got up to take a shower I found that the "fresh" towels we had been given had stains and hair all over them as well. I then went to put on the robe that they had in the room since I had no towels to use and THAT was also dirty. 
I would expect this from a 1 star motel but not from a 5 star hotel that you're paying quite a bit for a night.
If you're looking for a nice hotel to stay in in Philadelphia I'd say skip the Westin and try your luck somewhere else.Everything about the Westin is comfortable. Smack dab in the center of things. Coffee and tea in the lobby in the morning. Just a great hotel.This is a truly great hotel to stay at. The service is top notched coupled with the superior rooms. The place is super clean and creatively decorated. It is also ideally located in a great part of Philadelphia. The rates were excellent as well.I stay at a ton of hotels, so it's nice to always see new ones. Since I am SPG Platinum, I was upgraded to a suite which was big and pretty nice. No complaints whatsoever. Hotel staff was helpful and the location is pretty good. The restaurants right around here aren't that great (fast food and such), but it's a pretty short distance to some real and better restaurants. It's also centrally located to some historic sights. No real complaints from me about this property.The standard room is pretty large, and the heavenly bed, of course, is great. The hotel entrance/lobby and common area is very corporate, and I hate that you have to use your room key to use the elevator. I appreciate that it's intended to increase my personal security, but it means that every time I go anywhere, I have to dig around for my room key. To me, it's not good customer service. But that's just a personal pet peeve. 
Overall, this is a very nice hotel with very good service in a good location. We Pricelined it for $85 which made it even better.While the hotel itself is nice and the room was clean and pretty comfortable, the amenities at the Westin are lacking. The wifi in the room isn't included (really guys?), there was no room safe, the chain to roll up the curtain was missing, etc... For the price, we'd much rather stay at the Latham, just around the corner.Wonderful Evening!  My husband and I spent a Friday night at this hotel a week before Christmas.  We wanted to take in the City's holiday sights.  The Westin is centrally located in a nice part of town.  We walked every where...the Kimmel Center for a show, Rittenhouse Square for dinner and drinks, Walnut Street for shopping, the Comcast Center for their free holiday show, South Street for the bar scene, LOVE park for the German Christmas festival, etc!  The Westin offered very comfortable, spotless rooms at an affordable price.  The hotel does not offer special parking so we parked right next door.  It was a little pricey (but not the hotel's fault....$36.00 for 24/hrs).  We probably could have found cheaper parking a little further away, but we felt  a few dollars' savings wasn't worth the hassle.  However, we should have just used the hotel's valet because the price would have been the same.   We will definitely stay at the Westin again!Won't be back
The room and its offerings were fantastic, great city view, and excellent location. Now, I booked the hotel and it was around 175.00$ for the night (reasonable). Upon arriving I was told I needed to put down an additional 100$ for "incedentals".
Ok big deal, I'm not cheap so at the time under the impression id get it back I handed over the cash. I had my dog with me and signed their waiver (never being notified of a pet charge nor was there any information about the potential for additional charges,  all I was told was that they're pet friendly) and we went to our room. I was with my girlfriend so naturally we wanted dinner, no one at the hotel knew anything about the area, are you kidding! Fast forward,  we ate, we went to a concert,  had an amazing time at the show, met some great taxi drivers and had a fantastic evening in Philly. Now the morning comes and so does the bill. I had incurred an additional 150+$ in additional charges! The "incedentals" was cleverly used to mask the fact that I was charge 50$ for my dog, 50$ for the Valet parking,  and 50$ for the mini bar that we never touched!
To hell with Westin. Have been to Philadelphia and National Harbor locations, they're crooks. Don't buy into their "deals". Stay at a Sheraton or a Hilton.Perfect location close to shopping and dining. It looks like the hotel was recently remodeled.Just checked in at 5;15 am and the mini-bar was locked, I ust wanted to store a couple basic items in there without taking anything out. Was told by front desk that I can't have access to it until 7am and that I am not allowed to store anything in it anyways.
I then asked for a mini-fridge to be brought up but was told it was a $25 charge.
So as a Gold Starwoods member, not only can I not put anything in the fridge already existing in room I also can't have a small fridge delivered complimentary, which I have never heard of before. Gouged all around thus far.
The welcome sucked, but we'll see how the rest of the stay goes and if they seem remotely interested in customer loyalty & service, I will re-evaluate.This would have been a 4 star review if the rates were comparable to the level of service and amenities provided. For $200/night this would have been a reasonable choice and I would have been satisfied with my stay. You cannot charge over $400/night and only provide $200/night value. This is not fair to the guests. 
Room: the sheets on my bed were stained (photo below), only 1 of the towels in the bathroom was a "Heavenly" towel (the others were random low quality towels), the handset on the phone did not work to call the front desk, the new flatscreen TV had no HD channels or HBO, bath products were low quality and did not include basics such as q-tips, cotton, etc...
Restaurant: $80 meal for 1 person consisted of 2 great cocktails, mini dips with pita, and tiny slices of skirt steak on a plate. For $40 this would have been reasonable. Restaurant consists of 10 tables around the bar in the lobby. 
Service: after using my cell phone to call the front desk (room phone did not work), and confirm hours, no one was working at the restaurant when I arrived to eat. I had to request a menu from the bartender and then wait for a server to show up. This should have been my cue to go elsewhere, but I was exhausted. 
SPG app wasn't working so I had to wait in line to check out. 
No matter where you enter from you have to take 2 elevators, one to the lobby and then one to your room. 
I have stayed at various hotel chains and boutique properties at different price points, and this is much more comparable to a Best Western Plus at $200/night than a luxury SPG property for over $400/night. The poor value made it a disappointing stay.Westins are usually nice, but the Westin Philadelphia is disappointing. The room was dusty and looked worn (room phone was almost cool in a vintage way - from 1990), and there were peeling stickers in the bathroom advertising their "heavenly shower heads". Apparently heaven is lacking water pressure and sufficient heat.
Also, the late night menu is sad, and I was overcharged for my salad, which is one of the four or five items offered after 11:00 (I called at 10:45 but their clocks are running fast). Rather than fix the overcharge the front desk transferred me to their restaurant manager, who couldn't help, and then to accounting. What? 
I like the Westin brand but this particular hotel is managed very poorly. If you're planning to stay here reconsider!***READ THIS REVIEW AND LOOK AT THE PICS BEFORE YOU BOOK A ROOM HERE AND YOU'LL THANK US LATER***
Where do I even begin?
I'll let the photos do the talking as to just how disgustingly dirty our room was.  We asked for a deep clean to provide an unstained bathrobe, change the bed linens and to clean up the hair all over the bathroom floor.  The robe was never changed in spite of the very obvious stain on it so we have to assume the bed linens weren't either.  The photo of the dirty cloth is from my wiping down the marble back splash trim behind the bathroom sink.  God only knows what was all over the wall next to the bed...its literally nauseating just thinking about it.  There were stains even on the bathroom walls.  The Department of Health would have a field day here.
Far less offensive but annoying nonetheless - we were looking for dining options and specifically inquired about Japanese options, wanting something lighter, and were given a Szechuan Chinese restaurant.  Ummm....Japanese and Szechuan are nothing alike.
Anyways, there are other options in Philadelphia to stay where the rooms are cleaner....or should we just say clean?  This is literally the dirtiest hotel room I have ever seen.If I had the choice between a hotel and an Airbnb, I'll almost always opt for the Airbnb. I'm all for unique experiences when I'm in a new city so 9 times out of 10, a hotel usually doesn't cut it. Since I usually drive to Philly when I visit, a location with parking is key, because this town LOVES to give parking tickets. So when in Philly, I go for hotels. 
I'm a big fan of the Westin Philadelphia because it's centrally located to a ton of things, there's plenty of parking, and their gym program is probably the best one I've seen out of any hotel I've stayed. 
Parking here is a breeze - it's self-parking so you can easily check yourself out once it's time to leave. Many of the other places I've stayed in Philly force you to do valet which can run up your bill fairly high. 
The rooms aren't that big but for me, all I need is a cushy bed and a shower and I'm set. Everything was neat and clean, no complaints here.
If you like working out, this is the gym to stay at. Westin has a program where they loan you workout clothes if you forgot yours. They also have a running concierge (!) if you would rather run outside vs. on a treadmill. They'll have custom city runs at the ready if you want to gallivant around the city. If you do like the gym, they had a ton of kettleballs and even had a Peloton bike! Fan-cy.This Westin is a former Ritz-Carlton - and it shows in all the areas which haven't been renovated, like the entry, elevators and rooms.  Only the reception lobby and restaurant have been Westin-ized.  My room was big though (a small suite), the bed was, of course, comfortable, and the service was prompt.  All-in-all, a nice Ritz, uh, I mean Westin.If you're planning a trip to Philly just avoid this place!
Where to start? I guess with the little positives. The bar is called the Winthorpe & Valentine, an ode to the great movie Trading Places, very overpriced but we were given drink vouchers. It's located downtown by many other bars that are cheaper and have attractive crowds. It's clean and nicely designed. It's location is nice as well but other than that it sucked.
Parking was so overpriced and just awful. Dirty, slow elevators and to get to the lobby is a process in its self.  There is no pool (not a big deal but when I called to ask they said "yes, it's 5 blocks away at the Sheraton). To me that means no we don't have a pool at the Westin Philadelphia. The hotel offers house keeping BUT ONLY AT THE REQUEST OF THE GUEST! That is so messed up. All the traveling I've done this has never happened. Gone from noon till midnight. Come back to nothing cleaned, no towels, nothing. We called and asked about this and asked for more towels and shampoos. Took them 1 hour to bring it up. We also had 2 remotes for the TV because one could only do some while the other could do the others. 
Philly is a city with great history, great food and good sports. Staying at the Westin ruined it. You shouldn't have to go back to an uncleaned room and a bar full of rich snobs. Just really do yourself a favor and avoid this place. You can save money almost anywhere else and get 4 star quality service. 
I'd love to visit Philly again, just not at the Westin.Beds were large and comfortable, nice central location so that we could walk everywhere during our stay. I loved that there was a coffee machine with complimentary tea and coffee in the rooms, however when they came to clean our rooms they only restocked the towels and coffee bar, the bed wasn't made and the trash wasn't emptied, it wasn't a massive deal otherwise I would've called down to the front but it's just a bit disappointing when you pay that much to stay at a hotel and the basics are overlooked.We almost stayed at the Society Hill Sheraton but decided to come here after reading several TripAdvisor reviews and seeing too many bugs/smokers at Sheraton. 
The hotel itself is beautiful (apparently used to be a Ritz Carlton before) and the location is good too. But beyond that, it's just a great SPG property that isn't maintained well at all. 
1) Our keys kept getting demagnetized (no, we didn't put it next to a cellphone)
2) Half the bulbs in our room were out and needed replacing
3) All the furniture was already used for their junk - tables, counters - and there was hardly any space for our stuff!
4) HOUSEKEEPING - the woman kept knocking rudely and shouting at us, despite a DND. She was also wearing a HUGE Jesus badge and just seemed to be acting racist (not accusing without evidence, but speculating through experience). 
Bell desk wasn't very helpful when asked about the area or food options and concierge desk wasn't always manned. 
A very average Westin experience when compared to other Westin/SPG luxury properties...A faulty USB port next to the bed in her room fried are iPhone 6. We have been told that the hotels insurance will take care of this, but we've heard nothing since this happened 2 1/2 months ago. The night manager and the manager were incompetent. We've tried to call Weston to resolve this problem, and we have had no satisfaction to date.This has ruined our entire experience with the Westin Hotel chain.Stayed here 3x.  Great hotel, great location in the center of it all.  Close walking distance to some of the best restaurants and things to do in PhillyWe stayed here on the weekend of our wedding, but our wedding wasn't at this hotel. In addition to our stay, many members of our wedding party, our friends, and our family members stayed here over the course of the weekend as well. Our rooms were clean and modern, with a comfy bed and comfy pillows (this is surprisingly rare). The front desk staff was friendly and helpful; in fact, they even upgraded us to a suite on the SPG floor (we're members) for no charge. We will definitely choose the Westin again, should we need a hotel in the city. We're glad we chose it for our wedding weekend and we're glad to continue to choose Starwood hotels for our needs everywhere we travel.We stayed here for a couple of days for a corporate event. The ending of the night consisted of hanging out at the bar with Q. He's a great bartender, really made us feel at home. Super friendly, really made the stay worth while. We love Q, and will continue to visit because he provided such a great experience.Great property, service and location!  Great location for business travelers, located in the heart of the business district. I had a small problem with the A/C unit in the room. The entire hotel staff knew about it and followed up from the front desk agent to the banquet staff....and all were concerned. I think that level of service and communication was fantastic. I look forward to spending more nights in those great beds!! Enjoy the stay!I've mentioned before in reviews that I frequent Starwood hotels, so when I was to travel to Philadelphia for the marathon (I was running the half) I naturally gravitated towards the Westin. It was a bonus that it was so close to the start line of the race (about a 10 minute walk) - and even more a bonus that they had a marathon rate. It was also important to me that it was in the middle of town, as it was my first time in Philly!
The hotel was really easy to find when we got out at the 15th & Market stop. Check-in was seamless even though we were a few hours early for our room. We arrived on the executive floor (thanks to my status, yippie) and had a room with two double beds and a fairly large bathroom. Everything was to Westin standards and even a bit better - the view was spectacular and we felt we were right in the thick of the city. The only issue we had with the room was there really wasn't enough light -- and what light there was, was poorly placed in the room. 
The hotel itself is fun. Besides the marathoners overtaking it, there were a couple of weddings going on and many well-dressed people gracing the entrance. There is a large sitting area in the lobby complete with fireplace (wasn't working when we sat there, booo) and many strategically placed TVs and chairs. There were also a couple of bars / restaurants, which we didn't happen to go into, but which looked lively. 
Aside from the rack rate being pretty high (can always be rectified with deals, hotels-dot-com, priceline), I would definitely  stay here again if I again find myself in the City of Brotherly Love!THIEVES THIEVES THIEVES!!!
I'm going to give you the short version of my terrible experience with this place. I booked a room for Saturday and Sunday nights. Due to a personal emergency, I was unable to make it to the hotel Saturday night. I called on Sunday to inquire about moving my two night reservation to Sunday and Monday, which they declined, but told me I could still stay on Sunday. So I still have the room for Sunday night, right? Right... I show up to check in on Sunday, a night that I had already paid for, and the woman tells me that since I didn't call on Saturday to let them know I wasn't showing up until Sunday, they cancelled my entire reservation. If I wanted to stay there that night, which I had RESERVED AND PAID FOR, I was going to have to make a new reservation and pay AGAIN. I felt like they were trying to punish me for missing my curfew! When I RESERVE a room, it doesn't matter when I check in. The room is RESERVED for me to come and go as I please during the time I paid for it! They had $400 of my money and an empty room that I had paid for, but would not let me stay in it unless I paid them another $200 since I didn't call to cancel my Saturday night reservation. 
I wrote an email to their customer service when I returned home, which was several weeks ago, and have yet to receive a response. I travel very frequently for both work and pleasure and have NEVER been treated so unfairly and disrespectfully in my life. This is also my first negative Yelp review, but I was treated so horribly so I felt it necessary.  I will most definitely never set foot in any Westin Hotel ever again and encourage you to boycott and business with unethical practices like this.The service and the room here was TERRIBLE! If your really looking for a 4 star experience I suggest going somewhere else. When I called on the front desk Sunday am to request a late checkout I was placed on a long hold, then when someone picked up to transfer the call they were unprofessional, laughing and talking to other people in the background. The linen was dirty and stained. The shower drain was clogged. When I told the clerk and showed her pictures during checkout she was very nonchalant. So save your time and money. Skip this place!Good hotel. Decent and friendly staff. Clean rooms.
And a bar named Winthorphe & Valentines?!!
On top of that great deal on Orbitz...
but beware... $55 for Valet parking???
I mean... that's almost half the price of what I paid for the room on Orbitz guys!!!UNSANITARY CONDITIONS!! We found bed bugs in all three of our rooms. Once we found them, we called the lobby and they said they would change our room. While switching rooms they didn't bring us a bell cart to help move the bags! We also found a can of chewing tobacco behind our bed of the new room, just shows how well the maids clean between guests! I would recommend booking at a different hotel.I am a big fan of Westins and try to go Starwood whenever I can but this hotel is a huge disappointment.  1) The Internet access is terribly, crippling slow which makes a huge difference for business travelers.  And that's after getting charged $15.00 per day.  I've stayed here twice and had the same experience both times.  2) I love teh Westin Workout but this hotel has the worst version of it I've ever seen.  The swiss balls and medicine balls are all flat and the gym is tiny.  It just seems like they are not trying.  3) Because it used to be a Ritz, every time you want to leave the hotel you have to take 2 separate elevators and walk through the lobby.  Silly.  On the plus side, it is in a great area of town.Though I had many pleasant stays at The Westin this year, the last one overshadowed them all. 
I had reserved a room from Monday to Thursday, but had a change in schedule, leaving me to arrive in Philly only Tuesday. However, I accidentally forgot to cancel my room for Monday. When I wanted to check in on Tuesday night around 11pm after a long day of work, I was told that my entire reservation was cancelled, due to a no show on Monday. I had to roam the city in the middle of the night to find a room.
Though I understand it's my own mistake, I was unpleasantly surprised that:
- they didn't send me any notification of the cancellation
- they offered me their only room left, but at a rate of $700 (!) - "no exceptions possible"
- the desk clerk did not show any interest in helping me find a solution, for example calling a couple of other hotels
- after I mailed the hotel about my experience, I did not hear back from them at all
I stay 100+ nights a year in Starwood hotels including The Westin and would expect they would treat their loyal customers more decently. What a shame.Thank you Westin Philadelphia for a really nice stay on Saturday night. My husband and I were in town for 24 hours to meet up with friends, so at the last minute I bid on Priceline for a hotel. We snagged the Westin for $115 for the night. 
The Westin is in a great location with lots of shopping, dining, drinking, and touristy attractions literally steps away. We decided to skip using the hotel valet and parked in a garage around the corner. There are tons of garages to choose from, and unfortunately, we chose poorly. $26 for 24 hours...OK that is fine. But then, it's $20 for an hour! So because we opted for late checkout, parking ran us $46. Our fault for not reading the sign the day before, but beware.
Even though we arrived slightly before noon on Saturday, we were able to check in immediately and head to our room. The room is really spacious and the bed is...heavenly. Or something like that. It's heavenly if you like nice, soft beds. Me, not so much. But it was fine and I slept like a baby. Although I'm not sure if that was because of the bed or the 13.5 hours of drinking we did. Because of said drinking, we called for late checkout on Sunday and were able to check out at 1 pm with no problem. The only thing about our stay that was a negative was the shower and the water temperature. It literally would take 10 minutes to get our shower hot or anywhere near the temperature I turned the handle too. Not sure if that is a hotel problem or just a room 633 problem. 
Overall we had a really nice stay in a lovely hotel. I would not hestitate to stay at the Westin Philadelphia on a future visit due to price, location, and the room.Spacious and comfortable rooms with HUGE flat screen TVs and a comfortable king-size bed.  The location is very convenient and the in-house Winthorpe an Valentine is very solid.    Check-in is very fast and smooth, and the staff are friendly and helpful.  A solid Westin.Very clean and comfortable hotel room. I'd stay here again. Really plush *bed bug free* bed. 
Daily parking fees are super-expensive ($47/day for valet). 
Overpriced hotel restaurant: Winthorpe & Valentine. The Amish pan-roasted chicken was ok but had a lot of fatty skin to pick through. My dinner rolls were rock hard and the butter was ice cold. I don't recommend eating here if you stay @ Westin.My wife and I decided to take a last minute trip to Philadelphia. So the morning of the trip we did a priceline request and received Westin Philadelphia.
It is about 13 blocks from the 30 st. Amtrak Station and is located by many of the top Philly attractions like Rittenhouse Square,Logan Square,Benjamin Franklin Parkway and plenty of shopping and dining options.
Positives:
***Very nice room with clean linens,walls,carpet etc.
***32" hdtv is a very nice touch in the 21st century (many hotels still have old tv sets which can ruin the rooms look)
***The staff is very friendly and helpful. Our tv had poor reception, we called and within 5 minutes a repairman was in our room fixing the cables and the tv was then crystal clear HD.
***Also we asked for towels and again within 5 minutes we had them.
***We didn't try room service, but all the items were priced accordingly to a 4 star hotel.
Negatives:
***Honestly nothing, we were their for 2 nights and got a room rate of $99 a night off of priceline for rooms that were going for double or more because of the 4th of July.
***The rainy weather...but I guess you cant blame them for that.I just...I don't even...
Well I guess I don't get it.
I think the Westin is having financial difficulties. That can be the only explaination for all of the nickel-and-diming they do to patrons.
For the crazy expensive price, you'd expect some things to be included. Silly you. Since there are really no other parking options in the city, expensive hotel garage or valet is the only way to go, and it's not included in the cost of your room. Nor is wifi (at this point, you can get free wifi at McDonalds..so, really, Westin?). No robes are available for use and there really aren't any amenities at all aside from a filthy krups coffee machine that I strongly suggest you wash before using and a couple of non-replaceable coffee cartridges.
The Westin is also on a fake green-washing kick - instead of giving you the option to keep your sheets and towels to save some energy on washing (ordinarily a practice I admire in hotels) the only option is to forgo housekeeping entirely and for that you get...a $5 voucher for a hotel restaurant or shop, only good for the duration of your stay. Seriously? I would prefer to have regular housekeeping, get clean glasses and the place tidied up, and keep my towels and sheets, thanks.
They've located the cash bar right at the entrance to the room where the TV sits, you know, the spot you want to drop all of your junk down as soon as you enter. But beware! The food is on weight sensors so you can feel extra nervous every time you pass by that tight spot in the room on your way from anywhere to anything. This kind of cash bar has never bothered me before, but then again, it hasn't been smack dab in the middle of the room right where I want to put everything down.
The dust, oh, and the dust. At this price point, details matter, so everything (especially the cups and napkins) being coated in a thick layer of dust begs the question - if they don't even wipe down the bathroom counter, are they cleaning the sheets between patrons? At least you can be sure about the towels - no, they are not clean, mine had black sludge on them.
At least after a long day in the city, you have that huge luxurious bed and high thread count sheets to look foward to. Of course, that is AFTER two hot, stuffy elevators and a decent walk through three lobbies. The labrynthian shape of the hotel lobby/ies is fine for the first run through, but if you forget your glasses in the room, it gets kind of tedious to have to walk/ride through all that just to get back to your room. All so you can get back to your gray, hideous view of concrete roofs and unblemished sights of the giant business building across the street that blocks any skyline. Hello office workers! You look great in that lipstick!
OK so finally you make it to your room - the pillows feel nice at first, then after a few minutes they deflate into nothing. The sheets are nice and the beds are big, but the luxurious feeling is quickly offset by the catalog on your bedside table that allows you to order your own for home. Tacky. Then halfway through the night, you realize someone has short-sheeted you because the fitted sheet is too small for the mattress and it's come undone. 
That's fun, making your own hotel bed. In the middle of the night. Yup.
I hope you weren't hoping to get around the green-washing lazy housekeeping or a refill on coffee cups, because despite half an hour of trying to figure out the phones, neither I (I've built robots!) nor my engineer husband could figure out how to call the front desk for anything on the hotel phones. Ingeniously money-saving! Have a fun trip back down the two elevators and across the multiple lobbies to ask for some toilet paper. I'll see you in an hour, sweetie.
Oh, and did I mention that the plumbing was wonky? Good god. After both hands, bracing my feet on the ground and a good 50 lbs of brute force, I was able to switch the water flow to the shower head from the spigot. No wonder everything was loose. The filthy, mildew and mineral-crusted double shower head looks great, until you realize that your water pressure gets cut in half as soon as you find a wrench to turn it on.
Good: Great location in the middle of the city. Nice sheets. Big beds.
Bad: Surprisingly filthy, nothing is included, any effort to save the planet will net you no refills on coffee, no housekeeping, but hey, a $5 coupon!Timeframe: Four nights
Price: 175/Night
Hotel: Hotel is in a great area downtown. It is actually connected to a small mall though there arent very many shops in that mall. There is a food court in the mall if you dont want to walk out on the street. This hotel is also 2 blocks from the train station.
Room: Decent sized room with closet to hang your clothes.
Noise: Very little noise from the higher floors
Views: There really wasnt much of a view, you will see other business buildings depending on which side you are facing. I had a view of a large business building with people walking about inside...
Security: You do need a security card to go up the elevators. 
Linens: The linens were fine and replaced daily. There was only one day when they did not take my old towels but they always replaced towels. 
Elevator: Elevators was fast.
Bathroom: Decent restroom with shower tub combination with a rain shower which was nice.
Addition notes: They dont provide robes which sucks.
Overview: I would recommend and come back here.Room was decent.  Stayed there over the last weekend in Dec.  Returned back to the hotel late December 29th and went to get in the elevator and someone had vomited in the elevator.  I had to the alert the front desk.  The next morning around 8 we got in  the elevator and they still hadn't cleaned the puke off the inside of the elevator's door.  Ewwww.  Front desk wasn't very helpful.  They charged us the wrong amount for our room and gave us a hard time about trying to fix it.  I wouldn't stay here again.  There are too many other options around this area to stay at.Heavenly bed, heavenly stay.
Stayed here with my best friend, and we could barely leave the room.
Choose a room away from the elevator and you won't regret it.The room was clean and the bed was comfortable.
What was NOT ok was that I was charged $5.40 for 'touching' something with a weighted sensor on it. Not taking/using..no,no. Just touching. 
After I was assured that the charge wouldn't be applied, I still saw it on my bank statement days later.
Now I have to go through the headache of calling their accounting department to rectify the situation and feel like I was some kind of thief for wanting my money back. 
This place isn't cheap, why the sensors? Cheapened the entire experience. 
Think your customers are going to go to the effort of repurchasing items from the refrigerator? Come on.This is by far the worst Westin I have stayed at and has brought my whole perception of the brand down. The front desk service was sub par and not as courteous as I am used to for a five star hotel. I only stayed for a night, i got in quite late after midnight and had to leave early in the morning, so it was unfortunate my shower was malfunctioning. When I reported it to the front desk the response I got was "thanks for letting us know" - not even an apology or offer to make up for the experience. Management needs to up their game. Plus no power points at the bedside to charge my phone. Quite annoying.Amazing hotel prime location!!!
Stayed for Valentine's Day and my experience was 5 stars from checkin to checkout.  The staff was very friendly, the concierge was extremely helpful.  
We did the self park option which was about $20 cheaper than the valet option, but it's a little bit of a walk from the parking garage to the hotel.  If you have a lot of luggage it's probably worth the extra cost to valet.  The hotel is walking distance to rittenhouse square and great food options federal donuts and Tria wine bar.  
We booked our stay through hotel tonight and got a great deal!
I'm looking forward to visiting Philly again and I'll be staying at the Westin!!!A beautiful hotel in a perfect location.  Pristine, comfortable rooms, gorgeous art, and friendly, helpful staff.  The manager Matt Nelson is truly a class act and went above and beyond to accommodate a special request I had.  Overall, a wonderful hotel experience!This was a pretty good hotel and I feel like we got a good value. The room itself was comfy and clean feeling. The bed was big and comfy but there were a million layers of sheets/comforters/blankets which made it slightly difficult to get through but at least it was warm and we could still remove the unused layers. The location of the hotel was also great. It was close enough to walk to the Olde City as well as more north where the museums and parks were and plenty of stores and delis by us.
Just some random things... The bathroom had the needed amenities (soap, shampoo, lotion) but didn't have a shower cap! Which wasn't really a huge deal but was something that struck me because I'm used to having one. The shower was also split into 2 showerheads which was strange to me but no biggie. To get to the rooms though was like walking through a mini maze. When we drove up to the hotel, the bellhop at the door showed us the parking garage. From there, you had to take an elevator, go through the retail shops/mall to a doorway that leads into the hotel on the ground level (but NOT the lobby) and then take another elevator up to reach the lobby (whew, I got tired just reliving it). The people that work here are great and very friendly, from the guy checking us in to the woman checking us out to the people cleaning the rooms to the bellhops. When we first pulled in to the front of the hotel, we were asked if we wanted to valet park or self park in the garage. The bellhop there was honest with us and told us that we should self park since it would be cheaper and because we weren't sure if we would be using the car while we were there. Since the garage was also a public parking garage, the next morning we asked the concierge if it would be better to leave the car and pay the public price (charges we were unsure of) or valet park (which was $40+), and we were told that we would be better off leaving it in self park because it would be cheaper overall. I though it was great that they were honest and not just out to make a buck.
Overall, no complaints about the stay. I would definitely consider staying here again.I had a booking at the westin Philadelphia, I called a few days before my stay and was told there was no cancellation fee (as I needed to make a change to my plans). I cancelled but the end the charge was not refunded. They lied to me and I had to pay for it Thanks. Won't do business there again.Hubs and I planned a quick day-trip in Philadelphia as we made our way back up the East Coast to Boston.  We stayed at the Westin because we've never had a problem at any of their properties, it came recommended through American Express Travel, it was close to Rittenhouse Square, and we didn't want anything too close to the touristy areas of Independence Hall, yet we didn't want to stay in the not-so-nice parts of town.  So the Westin it is.
The valet guys were really professional and helpful in getting us out of our car and in the hotel (and vice versa when it was time to leave, even offering us help to get back to 676).  The valet parking is your best bet while staying there because you have in/out privileges as compared to self-park and other garages in the area.  
The hotel is nothing short of Westin expectations.  Yes, the street entrance is a little odd because you have to take one set of elevators to get to the lobby and then "transfer" to another bank of elevators to get to your room.  It is clear to see that the building itself is rather old and Westin made the upgrades.  It is even connected to a mall (but there's not a lot of retail offerings).
The rooms themselves are rather large for being an older building (presumably) and in downtown.  The bathrooms are beautiful and marble.  The views from our room on the 11th floor overlooked Chestnut Street.  The beds were comfy and we had no problem using the television.  But no wi-fi?  Please, it's 2013!!  Fortunately there is a Starbucks right around the corner from the hotel!
I would recommend staying here if you are in Philadelphia.  From the hotel, there were plenty of restaurants around the area (we went to Devil's Alley), lots of coffee shops (for free wifi, too), and it was a decent walk to Independence Hall.i used Priceline bid and got this place for $125.  It was very good. The room was a few feet larger than the classic hotel room.  Nice Matress but we always miss our Tempurpedic at home.  Wifi was a little pricey at $13 / day.  Went in part of the lobby and connected to Chili's or someone's wifi with no problem.  The location is 5 star. Right in the center of everything. This was our first time ever in Philly and hope we get the Westin the next time we return.This is the second time I've stayed here. It's a nice hotel and they give provide great service. Everyone is really nice and helpful. This is a great place to stay if you're in the city and you want a place that's smack in the middle of downtown.The beds are great and the staff is really nice.  But the rooms are drab and premodern (no usb, expensive wi-fi).  it's extremely overpriced.Nice hotel in a good location. They didn't clean my room after the first night, and when I called to complain, they told me I must have had the "Do not Distub" sign outside. Of course, that was not the case, as the tag was still hanging on the inside of the door. They get a star knocked off for missing the cleaning and really missing an opportunity to treat a customer right for their mistake.
The beds are killer. Big, comfortable with fluffy pillows. The room is spacious  with a comfortable desk and nice flat screen TV.
I paid $99 on Priceline when bidding for a 4-star hotel in downtown Philly.  At that price, I'd say it's a pretty good deal. Downtown Philly has some mean streets, so I wanted the 4-star hotel, not my normal 3-star.As this is my favorite property in Philly I returned once again.
Given upgrade to one bedroom suite.  Nice, spacious, quiet (interior and exterior) and almost clean.
Looks as though the cleaning staff doesn't move furniture as I found Axe product and a green m&m behind the couch.Booked this hotel through hotwire. Enjoying my 17th wedding anniversary.
Upon checkin we were greeted with a glass of champagne! The check-in itself was quick and seamless.
The king room was also beautiful! I soo love their heavenly beds and the fresh smell of the room and the hotel. Their bath products are one of the best I have ever tried!! 
We ordered breakfast which was yummy and filling!!
My experience with Westin has always been positive. And by the way, I ordered their amazing smell goods for my home. Thanks Westin!!!This place wasn't terrible, but I just wasn't wowed. I guess I'm becoming more and more of a snob when I travel for business. 
The staff was very friendly though and the location is awesome- right downtown, close to everything.
One major plus was that it's only 3 blocks away from a nice park so I was able to take my dog there everyday.I am unsure as to why the Westin only received 3.5 stars. The staff is welcoming and on point, the beds are incredibly comfortable and you can't beat the location. The hotel is well kept and the rooms are updated and clean. I will be staying here again.Stayed here for 2 nights a few days ago. Pretty much lived up to the Westin name and everything you'd expect from their hotels. We scored a package special and so didn't have to pay for parking.... otherwise, I'm not sure I'd stay here at upwards of $40/night.
Conveniently located near Center City & Rittenhouse Square.... would def consider staying here again.