I love cozy bars. I love cozy bars with board games! AMAZING.  The only reason I only give it three stars - the food. I've had deviled eggs here (good not great), grilled cheese (again, good, not great), and quesadillas (really very mediocre).  I love all of these foods, and I really wish I had a better experience with all of them at wishing well - but none of these were anything to write home about. Really all moderately OKAY.  The beer however, always a good list.  Rivals some of my favorites - including Devil's Den.  Not only is the beer great, but I must repeat - super cozy, and super adorable inside. I recommend coming here for drinks only.  There are better food choices!Ok I am a regular here and I absolutely love it. The service is outstanding and the food is always spot on. The draft list isn't too shabby either. 
I was driven to write a review toningt after over a year of coming here because of the chef Ray Peraino. He created this incredible special - steak with sautéed onions on a flat bread with truffled Parmesan fires. When I say it was unbelievablly delicious, I feel I am still doing it an injustice. He steak was perfectly cooked, juicy and well-seasoned. The onions, OH! The onions! They were incredible. Trust me when I tell you I will be begging for the recipie. it was all cooveared in this just- sweet-enough red wine sauce. Then the fries. It isn't everywhere you can get truffled fries, but these were on par with ant others I've had (and I eat out a LoT) - crunchy, not greasy, super flavorful!  
Ok so I've loved this place for a while. The brunch is always a winner (truly unlimited mimosas, the hangover bowl, Tasso ham- smoked in-house and hollandaise made from scratch) and the bartenders are the best. But believe me when I say the meal I had today was beyond amazing/ incredible/ delicious/ out of this world! 
I would give this plac more than 5 stars if I could! Not a negative thing to say about it.Had an awesome time here today. Food is great and so are the drink specials. $2 mimosas! $3 bloodys! Best of all our server was hilarious and we had everything we needed despite it being busy.  Def going to come back for the good and the service.Food's always tasty and the service is always impeccable.  Alona is one of the best waitresses in Philly.  The beer is always good and they have just enough TVs to go for a good game.  All in all I'd definitely recommend it to all in the area.The Well seems to have found its stride. And I am so glad.
The kitchen is cranking out some delicious comfort foods. 
My choices during the last three visits were quite satisfying: Smokehouse Burger, Pulled Pork sandwich, Beet salad and Wild Mushrooms which was the best surprise.
The beet salad is a big plate of sliced roasted beets, generously sprinkled with goat cheese, a bit of arugula and a perfectly matched vinaigrette. Easily a meal for me.
The Wild Mushrooms is actually richly delicious cheesy grits topped with a nice helping of mushrooms and drizzled with truffle oil. It is a luscious appetizer, great in cold weather. I kinda wanna get some now after typing this. 
They now sell a variety of house-made pickled veggies. Try the pickled mushrooms, the vinegar marinade make them perfect as a salad topper.The well wishers of this world all congregate at this bar/ pub for good times and a solid beer.  They usually have at least one or two good brews on tap.  The staff is friendly.  The food is ok but the veggie sandwich is really good!  Burgers are medium.  Wings are good and I usually don't like the wings but like I said they're good.  
The wishy washy well shines brightest on Monday night, Quizzo Night!  The questions are challenging and fun.  Way to go Quizzo man.Always a full house so get there early folks.
On the whole it's a great local south Philly bar which could be improved with a better menu and a better beer selection but it serves it's function as a local hang out spot just fine the way it is.This is a decent happy hour spot. After searching through a lot of places I realized that 4-6 is the most popular time for happy hour. Well, for those of us who work until 5pm and aren't a two minute walk away from the joint, this doesn't work out too well. Thankfully, The Wishing Well is one of those places that has a 5-7 happy hour.
They have a few nice beers that are $3 during happy hour. Shots of Jameson are nicely priced, as are well drinks and a house wine. There was one beer that mistakenly had an asterisk (the marking of a happy hour beer) on a printed card. When I asked about it, I was told it was a misprint, but that they would honor it, which is what a good place does.
In addition to the drinks, there are a few food items that are half priced during happy hour. I got the Smoke Truck Pulled Pork. The name itself makes me want to foam at the mouth. But the best part about it was the onion rings I got on the side. They were big, juicy, and bursting with flavor. I would have been happy with just a plate loaded with them. The sandwich was also real tasty. I liked the addition of coleslaw and fried onions too.
The crowd was good. The beer selection was great. And, the grub was great. And, this all adds up well when you factor in the 5-7 happy hour time.Went there with a Groupon.
Chose to get the bbq chicken flatbread. The BBQ DID NOT HAVE SUGAR in it -____-
It was deeeesgusting. I hadn't eaten all day and was sooo looking forward to it. I wanted something sweet and zesty and doughy. 
My bf got the house special, chicken with stuffed crab meat, mashed potatoes and mixed veggies. His entire platter was 5 Star!! It was amazing. The veggies were sauteed in this pesto sauce that was better than anything I ever had. The mash was seasoned well and was a good portion. The stuffed chicken was DEELISH too. 
....Just stay away from anything with BBQ sauce on the menu and u should b ok!Went here tonight with some friends. Cute little place and everyone who worked there was extremely friendly. Got a turkey wrap that was really really good! Would definitely go back to try some other things.On a beautiful Saturday afternoon at 5:00, we were greeted by a very friendly bar tender who welcomed us to take a seat anywhere, we were also welcomed by a completely empty restaurant and the bar which shares the same space had one patron drinking his beer and waiting for his take out order.
The restaurant is not large, the bar is fairly large and the beautiful mahogany high top tables with high backed stools or low top tables with chairs are perfectly lined up and scattered enough so that you do not feel like you are dining with strangers. The side door was wide open, so we choose a high topped table near the door, they also have sidewalk tables set up for those with a dog or those who like to people watch.
The menu that is on their website and on Yelp has changed a bit, getting ready for summer offerings. I ordered a glass of the Canyon Oaks Chardonnay, hubby had a coke, his coke was $1.00 and my generous glass of wine was $6.00, which was quite impressive. 
I never order shrimp cocktail out as it is usually so over priced and I make shrimp cocktail at home all the time, as it is a favorite of hubbies. Five jumbo shrimp were perfectly cooked and still tight inside their shells, they were very good, but what had first enticed me was reading how they were cooked with citrus and none of this flavor came through, the ordinary cocktail sauce could have had a few more ingredients and a bit more heat, but for $9.00 it was enjoyable,
Hubby had a "Well" burger ordered medium, it was a large patty cooked more like MR and fell apart as he tried to eat it. He liked the flavor and the fries that came with it were generous, but different, we're pretty sure they were fresh, but had more of a coating than we like, sort of like a "crisper". 
The mac & cheese is probably some of the worst mac & cheese I have ever had, I even brought it home to doctor it up and it was still lousy, sorry guys, would you like mine and my Mom's recipe? 
HOWEVER and why I will return, they have quite a variety of flatbreads and I was already torn, from reading the menu on line as to which one I would have, the barbecued pulled pork with caramelized onions, to the Tasso ham, melted cheese, poached egg, green onion and habenero sauce, well I had neither. 
They do still have both, but my eye caught a pesto and grilled shrimp flatbread with garlic, grilled tomatoes and parmesan cheese... Every bite was heavenly. The flatbread was perfect, as were the grilled shrimp, grilled tomatoes, the pesto was probably the best I have ever had, laced with just the right amount of garlic! Ever have one of those foods that you can't stop thinking about? Well this is it!
From what I have read, the Wishing Well is a dream come true from a few noted chefs in the area, from fine places they have worked, I might add, their prices are low, the menu is inventive, could use a few more selections, but I'm sure in time, it will grow.
Our server Alana was sweet and very accommodating, during the hour that we were there, no other guests arrived, so sad, although a good five other employees did. Board games are on a back table, the kitchen and restrooms are down a steep flight of stairs, the servers carry the food up the stairs by hand, the restaurant has a steep step to get inside either door, so it is not handicap friendly. 
They are getting famous for their "Shame Burger" which is topped with cheese, in house made scrapple and an egg, but it has two patties, comes with fries and onion rings and if you can eat two complete orders of this you will get your picture and name on the Hall of Shame wall.
A cardboard six pack of what once held Corona beer is brought to the table filled with hot sauce, mayonnaise, mustard, ketchup and malt vinegar.
I guess what bothered me the most is the floor so needed swept, I did not understand all the debris when it clearly was not busy. At the bottom of your receipt is a five dollar off voucher for lunch Monday- Friday. The Brunch menu looks awesome and they have quizzo during certain evenings.
Do I recommend The Wishing Well? Helz yes, will I return soon? I already plan on it! I need to mention the staff is ultra friendly!This place was ok.  
I came in for brunch, general good food and nice servers/bartenders.   I sat outside which was a challenge due to the slanted table but hey that's the fun of being in the city!  The interior is a bit dark and smells like beer (which I dont mind) but hard get over if you're not in the mood to drink.  But on any other day, they have great Bloody Marys and Mimosas, which always win me over!
A good brunch place for a decent price but overall experience was just ok.Small bar with interesting beers and decent food. The prices were definitely pretty great. We had the mac and cheese, which was good, although I still think that Varga's is better. Our waitress was very friendly and helpful in helping us pick out menu items. The grilled cheese sandwich with ham was definitely the standout item, and I would definitely go back again for that. Also go the shrimp pesto flat bread (it was tasty, but nothing too special) and the chicken quesadillas, which were tasty also.  Overall, not bad, and their kitchen is open till midnight, so that's a huge plus.We're regulars here.  Love the waitress who remembers our beer orders when we come in.  Food has gone through some changes, but the burgers (oh the Gorgo!) are legit!  Mac n Cheese is a good drunk food and while it isn't massive, it is delicious.  Happy hour specials are decent and for a good chill time this is a goto spot.  Have yet to check out Monday night Quizzo, but I'll be back with a review once thats done!give me bottomless mimosas (or make your own bloody marys) and any entree for $25 at brunch, and i will be a happy kelly all the livelong day. my friends and i once organized an EPIC game of apples to apples with the neighboring tables, resulting in great laughs, and one of the servers eve joined us after her shift ended.Christina g and I went because it's so close to her house, and I had a restaurant.com from two years ago. Even though I bought it in 2011, and the server had never seen one, they accepted it with no problem. We did have to order a minimum of $35 of food as per the fine print, and we had trouble doing so. 
Two appetizers, and two entrees, and our food total came to just $36 dollars. I liked the veggie sandwich, while Christina preferred the black bean fritter wrap. The Mac and cheese was entirely finished off, as was the artichoke and arugula salad; the sandwiches and hummus duo were taken home. (So much food!)
Our server was very personable, and took the time to chat with us towards the end of the visit. Overall, a great bar with a relaxed atmosphere and good food.We used to come here all the time for brunch and the occasional happy hour. I like the concept of this place and the owner Chris is a good guy. We became pretty friendly with a lot of the staff. The food was hit or miss but they eventually got a new chef. Many of the servers we new left and our trips to WW became less and less. It is a fun ken fly place an amusing cast of regulars. The draft list is good and offers a lot of variety.
This place can get very loud, hectic and crowded. People come here to drink so the crowds can be rowdy. Nice place for brunch if you can get a table and my wife and female friends love the bottomless bloody Mary's and mimosas.There's always that spot you walk/drive-by all the time and say, "we gotta try that out sometime," but then never do. That was Wishing Well for my wife & I. Finally we remembered it and walked over for dinner Friday night. The place isn't huge but its big enough...reminds me of Royal Tavern long and narrow with bar seating and high tops up front and tables in the back. It wasn't busy either and was very easy to grab a seat.
We sat at the bar and were very well taken care of. The draft selection was very good, lots of beers from brewers I'd had but not the specific style (Boulder, Otter Creek, DuClaw, etc.) The wings were very good - one pound of wings that you could split over two flavors. The sriracha lime flavor was good, but the sweet chili were amazing. I had the beer braised pork sandwich which was overflowing with meat and very good. The burger was also good, but pretty standard. In the end we've realized we have a new casual spot for some bar food and craft beer.Came here to woof down a burger and some beers with one of my best friends recently. Accomplished my goal with no problems at all!
The burger was well cooked very flavorful and came perfectly accompanied with the usual suspects. What set this burger apart was the spices that were added to the meat. We inquired about what exactly it was, but were not clued in to the content, but it had to include some Cumin. Not what you'd expect from a standard pub style burger, but good none the less.
I can see myself coming back to Wishing Well if I find myself in the area again, but nothing really stood out to make me go out of my way. In my quest to eat everything in Philadelphia this was definitely a tasty stop along the way.I noticed the other lower ratings of this place and was surprised. 
Reasons I loved my experience here:
- The atmosphere is so comfortable
- Awesome beer on tap (Green Flash IPA!!) and many bottle selections
- Board games available to play
- Friendly and quick service
- Great food - everything was great (from wings, to BLT, to turkey wrap!)
Looking forward to going back!!!I'm on a quest to hit up Philly brunch locales and WW made the list.  I came for  brunch and had the Eggs Benedict - nothing great there.  A friend had the pancakes, which have NOTHING on Sabrina's pumpkin pancakes.  The brunch menu was brief, and the service average.  Given all the other great brunch spots in QV and BV, I would skip over Wishing Well and head to Sabrina's, Green Eggs, or Morning Glory Cafe instead.Dear Wishing Well - 
Please hire someone to help you figure out what the concept of this restaurant is. Then hire someone to help you execute it. Then stop having staff meetings on the floor of the dining room. But keep having delicious beers, because by God that's the only thing saving you at all. Good Luck!I'm only giving this place 4 stars cause I haven't gotten a chance to eat the food here. My boyfriend and I stopped in for quick beers before dinner and found a gem. 
The service was really great--we had an attentive bartendress, but she wasn't annoying and constantly bothering us. 
He got a Long Trail and I got an Apollo Wheat. My beer wasn't the tastiest, but that's not the fault of the bar. Bill was $8! I was a happy camper.
I'll have to come back here again to drink more, and eat moreFinally an alternative to the always-loud and always-packed Royal. Can't say enough good things about this place. I agree with some of the negative feedback I have read in other reviews, but considering 1.) the dearth of options in Bella Vista and 2.) the sad restaurant history of the corner of 9th and Catherine since Palumbo's burned down, personally I can't give WW any less than the max 5 stars. Amy and I have been there four or five times now. Frankly once we get a couple of Porchswings in us, it doesn't matter that the SHAME burger is inconsistent and that there is way too much fat on the duck in the charcuterie. The atmosphere is great, the service is friendly (if not always fast) and the owners seem to actually care that they have customers, which is more than can be said for what happens in other local BV establishments. Anyway, for pure convenience and variety alone, WW rocks. Keep it up, Wishing Well!The burger was big and very juicy, but there was so little cheese on it I could barely taste it.  The onion rings were awesome, they had that flaky breading and the onion didn't come out of the breading like most onion rings do.  The pickles had a nice crunch but they were super salty.  I am assuming these are the same ones they use for the fried pickles.  Also, our table, and the one next to it were super wobbly.   The rotating draft beer selection is awesome!  Victory, Russian River Brews, Rogue... all amazing microbrews.   Service was pretty good though.  Overall it was good but not amazing.Lunch and Dinner food are far better than the brunch offerings, however the bottomless mimosas AND (not an or) bloody mary plus brunch entree for $25 is a hard to beat deal. Unlike other establishments, our waitress was quick to refill an empty glass. 
Outdoor seating and board games are added bonuses.Awesome Sunday brunch spot!  $25 for all-you-can-drink mimosas and/or bloody marys.  There is a make-it-yourself bloody mary bar for those who like to personalize their drinks.  Be sure to drink a lot though, so you don't pay too much attention to the food.  Okay, I'm not going to totally bash, them, I'd say it was a bit below average.  I had a breakfast burrito.  No major complaints, but it was just a typical egg in a wrap kind of a deal.  Not much flavor or pazazz to it, and there was more floury wrap than there was eggs.  The "potatoes" (i think they were potatoes) were tough to swallow.  And chew.  They were barely cooked and they had sort of a tangy or bitter taste to them.  I'm not sure what was going on there.  All in all, definitely a fun spot to go with a group of friends to start out a Sunday Funday.  Just avoid the potatoes!Met up with some friends here to watch some football, good crowd, good drinks, and a great selection of x-rated games at the computer thing at the bar! The girls I was were having more fun playing it than the dudes I gotta say, which, you know, was kinda hot.Not sure why this place is getting sub-par reviews, but it really shouldn't.
This gastropub is a fun spot to hang out, have great food, and awesome service. I love that they change the menu with the seasons, and have no problem explaining that to you. The happy hour is affordable and never super crowded. It's my neighborhood go-to!What really puts this place on the map for me is the Wii. I used to live in a house with a Wii and now I don't. I'm not ashamed to say I got a little addicted, so the fact that I can walk a few blocks away, grab a beer and some fries and play a round of Wii golf, well...that kinda does it for me. 
Not interested in Wii? With a decent food and beer selection, this place is a-ok and even sans Wii, I'd happily tarry for a round or two. Friendly, neighborly service as well.Watch ur tips if u use a credit card. Apparently 20% isn't enough for the behemoth behind the bar.  She felt the need to give herself 40%.  Watch out for the obnoxious crowd of locals too.  Never againAfter moving into the neighborhood I was hoping to make this establishment my local go to after long days at work, but after several chances, I learned most of the bartenders are assholes, except Jesse the woman, and totally won't be heading back. Whether they are busy or not, I am not greeted and they have ignored my presence, or treated me like they'd never seen me in the establishment before...I would consider myself a friendly person, who is also a good tipper. Not even the cheap weekend Bloody Mary's will get me to step foot in there again.I really love this place. Brunch specials are out of this world, that's if you love mimosas and bloody Mary's. The food is good, the wings are amazing. Mondays are quizo and the questions aren't easy. The winners get a gift card to the place. The staff are very friendly and the prices are reasonable. Love that this place is close by. Great bar.Had brunch with my wife and a friend who is a semi regular here.  Food was great, the mimosas awesome.  Friend took advantage of the do it yourself Bloody Mary bar.  It was a small bar with a neighborhood feel.  Wish it was in my neighborhood.While I don't enjoy BYO brunch spots as much as I do a full service bar/restaurant ill take my money to Sabrina's from now on which is a stone throw away. Maybe if I took up the $25 special of bottomless mimosas w/brunch I would have been loaded enough to ignore the problems. I will just say off the bat that the bartender seemed to have his hands tied in making the service aspect of things more enjoyable since I've been in that situation before. I actually felt some sort of pity towards him. However the slobfest of a manager walking around in a wrinkled shirt and shorts was not helping at all. Note to manager: don't look like you just walked in from binger down at AC during some of your busiest hours...and your negative/pompous attitude was pretty apparent(hipster much?). Food was lukewarm after an hour wait and the beer was almost room temperature(was not on a beer engine). Too be honest I wouldn't have eaten here in the first place if I read the yelp review of a piece of a Brillo pad being in someone's calamari. The only way I stumble back into this place if I've had one too many. Lastly I recommend bringing your own solo cup to drink out of. If you don't take my word for it look for yourself where the glasses are kept that you put your mouth on. CheersThe Wishing Well is kind of my go-to place for when I'm trying to drink some fancy-pants wine and beer. They aren't full of pretense (screw you, Tria), they aren't fine dining, but they have a solid menu and kind of a cute decor. Unfortunately, I don't think they really know what they want to be. 
On my first trip there, I met up with a couple of friends who had went there for dinner. Although I didn't actually get a meal, I was impressed with what they offer. They are part of the "slow food" movement, which was kind of nice to see. I can get down with that, although if I was super hungry I'd probably get annoyed. The menu also changes pretty regularly depending on the seasons and what's freshest. Love that. My friends loved their meal, particularly the catfish that was on the menu at the time, and I was OBSESSED with my strawberry rhubarb pie. I don't even LIKE strawberry rhubarb pie but this was super good and kind of tart and had a scoop of lavender ice cream on top. I loveloveLOVED it! It took awhile to get, but you could tell that it was literally made to order. I've also had zucchini fries there, which were not what I was expecting but in the best way possible: hollowed out zucchini, "flowered", stuffed with goat cheese (omg) and fried. Quite possibly a combination of my favorite things. I want it to never leave their menu. Some day I will try their SHAME burger, but only when I'm feeling particularly gluttonous. 
Their wine and beer list is pretty good. Not as extensive as some other places (in terms of beer, at least), but good and not too pricey. I had a really good chenin blanc there, and they also serve Brew Works Space Monkey in a pint glass! My job didn't even do that, and I think our pours are better than most places. 
Now onto the bad. First, service is really hit or miss. My first night there we had a dude server who was really friendly, nice, and on top of things. He even let me taste the chenin blanc before I had a full pour without me even asking! The most recent times there though I had a blond lady server who just really rubbed me the wrong way. She didn't smile much and had a judgmental air about her. Not towards other people, just to me. She messed up my drink order and was super slow about fixing the situation. Also, one night I was there during beer week and not only was there no draft list, she refused to let me see the bottle list because "they didn't really have much in stock right now". Ok, fine, but I see people at the bar drinking bottles and a group of people in the back dining area sharing a 25oz bottle of something. I thought that was so rude, especially considering most of the bottles I drink are expensive. Whatever, though. Your loss on raising the check price, lady. 
Secondly, although this place is trying to be high-class with the warm, minimalist decor and more refined service (excluding the blond girl), the neighborhood is definitely turning it into a sports bar type of place. It was MOBBED during the Stanley Cup of drunk assholes screaming and falling all over the place. It can get like that during Phillies games too. While it's not The Wishing Well's fault, they either need to do something about how their clientele acts or adapt to what people want it to be.
Also? Their sign is fucking awful. 
But honestly, I do reallyreally like this place and I try to go as often as my wallet allows.Great place to go with friends.  Good beer selection and specials. The service is friendly and it's a nice little spot in the neighborhood.  Definitely worth stopping by.By far the worst service I have had in forever. 20 minutes waiting for drinks, 40 minutes just to pay after waiting 15minutes for our check. It was the first weekend they had tables outside so maybe they forgot there were customers out there? Food was ok, nothing special, will never go back.The Wishing Well is a cozy, casual bar with fair pricing and board games in the back.  What more could you ask for?  
I've been here numerous times and each time it's exceeded expectations.  My favorite time is for brunch on the weekends.  For $25, you get a brunch entree and unlimited mimosas or access to the bloody mary bar.  I'm not a bloody mary fan, so I always get the mimosas and the staff is amazing at refilling.  I'm on my last sip and there's someone at the table with a jug ready to fill my glass up again.  
The food is consistently flavorful and cooked properly.  The only food I've ever had an issue with is the onion rings.  They come to the table and look like it's going to be the best tasting onion ring I've ever had, but it's not.  It falls flat and I can't figure out why.  I tried salting as soon as they come to the table but that just tastes like salt on nothing.  It's a bummer because I love onion rings, but there's so much variety on their menu that it's easy to find something to replace it with.  
For a laid-back, fun, won't-break-the-bank night with a group of friends, definitely hit up the Wishing Well.Stopped bye for a nightcap the other night - always wanted to check out this place - bartender Jessie was so welcoming!!!  I'm coming back for food next time - and probably will give it a 5-star rating!  GREAT place!We went with a group of friends and managed to sit outside- a real treat in January! The server was friendly and quick, and she knew the friends I was with, which I'm sure made it even better. 
The beer choices were great and from what I could tell, the food looked awesome! Slam Burger anyone? Will def. go back here and give the inside a shot. It gets mixed reviews and some of the folks I was with told me some horror stories about a couple servers, so I'm taking my time!
I did notice that the bottomless mimosas went from $15 up to $25, but maybe I read it wrong?Nothing much to say about this place.  It's your standard decent-enough-beer-trying-to-milk-you-on-food Philly bar.  Certainly not the worst but nowhere near the best.  Kind of like Devil's Den but not trying as hard.The service was absolutely terrible and the food was flavorless. Their only redeeming quality is that they have a good beer list.Hey, so there's more than just food that makes a place worthy right? That's how I feel about The Wishing Well. While the food is just okay (tasty, but nothing to write home about) it's the atmosphere here that I really prefer. The service I've gotten has always been extremely friendly, and the crowd is very relaxed and chill. I recommend this place for people who aren't so much looking for great food but more so a good place to kick back, hang with friends. Cozy is definitely the correct word to describe the space in here. Sunday brunch you really can't beat, unlimited bloody Mary's and mimosas. What I appreciate is that (even during brunch) I've never been rushed for our table even if there is a crowd. If it's just you and someone else and it's nice out I enjoy the outside seating as well. The waitresses never forget you're out there and frequently make rounds. If I lived closer to the area I could see myself frequenting this spot when I'm looking for a quick place to chill or meet up with friends.I used to be a neighbor of theirs and be there ALL of the time, I have recently moved and I literally have shed tears. The food here is great and especially the Edamame burger, I like to think of myself as a veggie burger expert.. and this one is the best. With a cucumber yogurt sauce and picked onions and cucumbers on top with a side of the WW house salad! Sooo yummy! The bartender Chris is great too, great personality for a neighborhood bar where making friends is the key! Great rotating draft lists and bottles too! Every time I am in the Italian market it is here for dinner and then 12 Steps for Karaoke!!I frequent the Wishing Well semi-regularly after discovering it when I moved to Bella Vista near the beginning of the year, and I'm glad that I decided to go in that first night.
I think they have some of the best wings in town.  I've had all the sauces and think they are all fantastic.  Make sure you try the dry rub!  I was more than a little disappointed when wings were raised from .50 to .75 for game specials (along with upping the Kenzo specials by a buck).  Still more than worth it, however.  The grilled cheese is fantastic - make sure you get it with bacon!  It is true that the Shame Burger is a little bit on the dry side, but I still found it decent.
What I enjoy the most is that it is fairly unassuming and does not seem like a place that is trying too hard.  Maybe that's why more than one reviewer has chastised it for not knowing what it wants to be.  I think it knows exactly what it wants to be - a decent corner bar that also happens to serve more than just fried food.  Is the food jaw dropping amazing?  Not quite, but it's definitely above average.  When you pair that with a large beer selection that is very reasonably priced and a friendly staff, you produce a winning combination.  The only thing I don't like is how packed the bar can get on weekend evenings as I prefer to sit at the bar to eat and drink.  But hey, that's only because they're good at what they do.While I would probably go there to watch a phils game with some friends I will not be back for brunch.  
My girlfriend wanted to go to Morning Glory and we thought it wouldn't have too long of a wait since it was relatively early.  But with the Broad Street run  -- likely thirty-something Bella Vista-ites wanting to show their suburban college friends a cute place with enough elbow room for their fancy baby strollers -- it was at least a 45 minute wait.  
I was mad hungry so I said let's check out the place around the corner.  Mistake.  My next mistake was ordering the french toast.   Who ever thought it was a good idea to put grape compote on challa toast?  
My girlfriend ordered an omelet with ham and peppers and no cheese.  It was brought out with cheese and chicken.  The chicken tasted like chicken from a frozen pot pie that was burned in the microwave and sat in a refrigerator for a week.  The omelet was returned and they brought back a new one.  It was like someone gave a hungover college kid who has never made an omelet some basic ingredients from some vendor at the italian market and told them to make an omelet.  Undercooked eggs, diced ham, overcooked veggies and no seasoning.  I tried one of her potatoes and I actually had to spit it out.  A potato! The most benign of foods!
What has me perplexed here is that with all the fantastic food within three blocks of this place, how can it even exist?  But alas, just like so many other things in the world, there may be no explanation.  It just is what it is: a place to watch the phils during the playoffs when you can't find a table elsewhere. 
Lastly, we were there only two hours ago and my girlfriend's already hungry again -- my girlfriend who weighs 100 pounds and is usually full from eating a biscuit and doesn't need to eat again for 6 hours.My review may be premature since i have only been here once. But, since i dont really plan on going back, i thought i would offer my thoughts. 
We went on a Saturday or Sunday (dont remember) for brunch. I was dying to try the shame burger. Its a burger topped with scrapple and a fried egg. I could not have been more disappointed. The burger was shamefully dry. Also, it was impossible to eat from a practical standpoint. I can wrap my chompers around a substantial burger (the one at village whiskey, for example) but this was just too big to eat. I tried to squish it down and the yolk of the egg exploded and shot out all over the table. The one thing that may have moistened this burger just a little was completely wasted. I ended up trying to eat it with a fork and knife and just giving up. 
My friend had yogurt and granola and it was fine, she just wished the portion was bigger. 
The waitress really tried to push the $15 bottomless mimosas, but the place was empty and there was no reason to sit around drinking just the two of us. We hiked over to 12 steps down and sipped $2 mimosas instead. 
I understand that the shame burger is kind of a stunt and i should probably not judge the entire restaurant based on such a gimmicky dish, but if you make something specifically to generate interest in your establishment then it should probably at least be edible.I'm torn about The Wishing Well. There's the 4-star happy hour and quality quizzo - casual but competitive - and then there's the 3-star food. Anyone familiar with South Philly knows how hit or miss hole in the wall happy hour spots can be, so I'd like to give the Well another shot and hopefully wind up with a better meal. 
The service was good and the quiz proved to be a nice balance of difficult yet realistically answerable trivia. The food was bland and overcooked, and one of the beers I ordered was definitely not tapped correctly, overpowered by carbonation. 
Given how much fun our group had with the trivia, I definitely hope to revisit The Wishing Well and try a different item on their menu. Without the slight hiccup with the beer and the mediocrity of the sandwich, I would have no reservations recommending the Well for a good happy hour.Well some time after my first review of  this place I decided to give it another chance.  I am not disappointed with my decision.  
They have revamped the  menu and have added some great food.  The sandwiches are amazing, especially the beer can chicken sandwich, the fries are still awesome and whatever Carmen is doing in that kitchen, keep it up.  
The oysters are fresh and sustainable, something I really enjoy about this place is just that....local and fresh and sustainable for whatever they can.
The bar manager Chris is a step in the right direction over whomever was in that position before.  His knowledge about beer and random crap will keep the convo going and who can forget the Wii bowling for shots!
Much improved over the past few months.  If you didn't like it your first time, give the Well another shot at winning your tastebuds over!!Quizzo! I only ever come for Quizzo, but it's a lot of fun. Good beer selection, nice bartender.Cosy environment, great service, excellent beer meh food. The menu sounds good, but the burger was over cooked and he sandwich had way too much bread. I would come back here for drinks and appetizers, but would opt to just go slightly farther away to to Royal Tavern instead.Best place to watch a Flyers game in the area. Good food, decent specials. I dig it.Well, it seems much has changed at this Bella Vista gastropub since my glowing 4 star review of The Wishing Well 6 months ago. And not for the better.
The Wishing Well's motto is "A restaurant trapped inside a bar." Sadly, this self-deprecating gesture of comic cuisine all too truly admits a crisis of identity. What does the Wishing Well intend to be, because I can't figure it out. 
Upon return visits, their cuisine has been wildly inconsistent in both offerings and even within the same item. Specifically, the Shame burger. Apparently, The Wishing Well has started a food challenge. It involves eating two full Shame burgers(see my original review for details on this), two orders of fries and two beers in 45 minutes. 
I was there the nite this glutinous endeavour was first attempted. It was really fun and interesting. Since I loved the Shame Burger so much the first time I got it, I ordered another one to eat alongside the eager competitors.
The burger I got resembled nothing of the one I got my first visit or, for that matter, the burgers that were served for the challenge. There was only one patty, and it was a pathetic imitation of the delicious burger which I (embarrassingly) called the best in the city previously.
The service barely acknowledged my fiance and I, far more interested in taping and documenting the in-progress challenge. I ordered a beer which sat waiting  to be delivered to me for (literally) 10 minutes.  When i sent it back, the waitress snarled. it was the most reaction my fiance and I got all nite.
This experience is only one example of an inconsistent and unreliable menu. Twice, I have looked at the menu online before going and seen "New and Improved Menu." Looked it over. Got excited! Went in and...
Different menu. Different beers. 
"Sorry, we dont have that tonight."
"Sorry, we haven't updated the website."
How difficult is it to updated a website?
Think about it: This place has changed its menu 2 or 3 times in less than a year. Changes have been stewed over, considered and ultimately decided. Menus were printed, then laminated. Yet the most simple part, updating the site for diners, has been ignored. Both the menu and beer list are consistently wrong. 
What a SHAME...I sorta consider myself a huge foodie, especially being from New York. One of the things I enjoy on weekends is brunch with friends. 
I must admit, initially I did head over to Sabrina's Cafe for brunch but after being told there was an hour and a half wait I looked to my Yelp app to find a nearby brunch spot. This led me to 'The Wishing Well'.
Now let's get onto the review, shall we...
My boyfriend and I walked up towards the entrance and there were two women who told us that the waitress with the glasses would take our names down on the list. They warned us they might say it's a long wait, but they weren't there long before they were seated.
We ended up waiting 15 to 20 minutes for someone to pass by and take down our names. Before that time I approached the bartender and was told to wait for one of the servers to come take our names. After our names were finally taken we waited about another 15 minutes before a table cleared and we were seated. The wait wasn't THAT bad. However, what annoyed us was just standing there waiting along with a few other folk and no one coming by to take down our name. 
We decided to put that all past us, just browse over the menu, and enjoy a good meal while sipping on mimosas. The mimosas were $2 a glass and very much well worth it. Excellent champagne to OJ ratio, if I do say so myself. 
After looking up what the famous scrapple was we decided to order the hangover bowl and the shame eggs Benedict (with scrapple). The hangover bowl contained polenta, strips of bacon, cheese, eggs, and home fries. I added a couple of dashes of Siracha for some heat. It was delicious. I tried a few bites of the shame Benedict and was actually really pleased with the taste and texture. It wasn't an awful way of having scrapple for the first time, alright. 
On this particular day my only complaint has to be that the service was rather slow. However, that was to be expected since the place was a bit under staffed. There were 2 waiters to take care of the entire place besides the bar. I would go back here whenever I'm in Philly, but most likely to take advantage of the amazing happy hour pricing on beers they advertised.Ok- so we came for brunch here. Guess what! They didn't have brunch. They had no egg benedicts and no burgers. No burgers? Your signature item is your burger. FAIL FAIL FAIL. You call your mimosas real mimosas? I've had OJ that had more champagne in it than your mimosas. The attitude from the server? Check your attitude at the door miss because don't tell me to shut up when I am completely caught off-guard by the lack of items available on your menu! Instead of saying what's not on your menu- tell me what is. Save your breath.
Oh- and you want to come by to fill up my cup once every 15 minutes during an unlimited mimosa brunch? FAIL. Still made the best of the situation and had a good time with my company though- I ordered the Ribs which were sub-par at best. My friend had the pulled-pork and it was delicious, hence the 'ok' to give it one star.
Oh and we definitely ordered sausage for my friend's breakfast. Couldn't they just have admitted they didn't put that order in and instead not lie to us that it was taking forever? Stupid staff. I hate this place. I don't usually hate places. 
Maybe if I'm in Philly again I'll pass by it but I am not too excited ever again.
1/5 for my food experience.
0/5 for my service experience.
0/5 for the menu being at 10% capacity.
FAIL.Come here and order the BBQ sauce from the Smoke Truck. It's a sort of vinegary Carolina style sauce that would even please a Texan...or a Kansan...or any one of those states that serves their sauces thick instead of runny. The flavor is of smoke, paprika and envy.
Oh, and order some very fat double coated onion rings to dunk in the sauce.Pretty good overall.  I had to wait a while for a table (a little over half an hour).  Not a huge deal, and granted it was a Friday night, but the place is a little cramped and there's nowhere to really stand out of the way of the servers going back and forth unless you're sitting at the bar.  I put my name on the wait list, but another couple had come in and my table was given away because whoever sat them failed to check the list.  But the bartender was apologetic and said my next beer was on the house.  
On to the food.  I ordered the Shame Burger: 8oz burger with a big slice of fried scrapple, cheese, and a fried egg on top.  Delicious.  The scrapple was an interesting taste with the burger.  I felt a bit gluttonous eating it, especially since my friend only ordered the mac and cheese, but hey, when in Rome.  I had to take it apart and cut it in half, but with a little squishing I was able to make it more manageable.  Pretty decent beer selection.  Kenzinger was on special during the sixers game, but kicked before the game ended.  I tried a couple cocktails as well, the SNAPhattan and the Absinthe-tea, both of which were strong and tasty.   Our server was very nice and personable as well.
I used a LivingSocial coupon to cover most of my check, otherwise I probably wouldn't have sprung for the two cocktails (which were $8 and $10 apiece).  I would definitely come back again, probably during happy hour or a game when they have drink/wing deals going on.  Maybe if I'm feeling strong I may come back one day and attempt the Shame Challenge, now that I know my enemy a little better...
Bathrooms are downstairs, but so is the kitchen, so be careful not to crash into a server on the narrow staircase.I went there for brunch/lunch with a few friends and was extremely underwhelmed.  It took at least 15 minutes just to get menus, and it took even longer than that to get our order taken.  It wasn't busy, either-there were multiple open tables inside and out. 
We started with an appetizer (biscuits and gravy) that took 45 minutes to come out.  We were so hungry at that point that we wolfed it down, but it really wasn't good.  The gravy was runny, the biscuits had the consistency and taste of stale pizza crust, and it just didn't taste like biscuits and gravy should.  Plus it was close to being totally cold.
Our entrees finally came out at least an hour after we arrived, and they were not worth the wait. They were better than the biscuits and gravy, but that dish wasn't hard to top.  And on top of it all, the entrees are totally not worth the price. It was $9 for 3 eggs, 1 piece of cold toast, and a small scoop of mediocre home fries.  With so many delicious places in the area, I won't be giving them a second chance.  Next time I'll wait for 2 hours for Sabrina's!Well I did love the Wishing Well....
but I've been there twice in the past week, and meh, I have to admit it's kinda gone downhill.  
maybe it's that it's gotten more crowded - game nights the place is packed.  maybe they figure they don't have to try anymore. 
their menu got bigger - maybe they are overwhelmed in the kitchen.  
I don't know what is but I'm just not as in love with this place anymore.  Don't get me wrong the food isn't bad - some of it is downright great (gator tail, chili, fried pickles), but it just seems like maybe they are aren't trying hard enough, or trying to piss me off.  
case(s) in point:
- not sure why they give out pretzels when you sit down now, but ok i'll take them.  With a hair in the bottom though, no, that is gross
- Please give me the right beer when I order it thankyouverymuch. If it is too much to have 3 dogfish heads on tap that you can't tell them apart, you are kind of hopeless
- Do not charge me a dollar for salsa to put on my nachos! really?!  The fact that i even have to ask for more salsa kind of reflects badly on your nachos to begin with.  but the fact that you are upcharging me for slightly nasty salsa to begin with, well that just pisses me off.  
So, I'm sorry Wishing Well.  I'm not sure I'll be back.  It's not me, it's you.I haven't tried their food yet, but from a pub perspective I'm a fan. It's a pretty laid back establishment, and considering a large majority of restaurants in the area are BYOB it's nice to be able to stop and grab a drink here before or after (or before AND after) dinner.I went to the Wishing Well for the first time on a Friday night with a group of seven people.  We walked in, found the place about 1/3 full, ordered a round of drinks, and were happy to find a favorite game of ours (Apples To Apples) sitting there waiting for us!  We sat down at one of the many open tables, got our drinks, and started to play.  Some people ordered food, others refilled drinks, and we were settling in for a fun night.
But then someone who works at the bar came over and asked us to please keep it down.  At a bar.  At 11:30 on a Friday night (a slow one, it looked like).  Seven people ordering drinks (ie handing you money), having fun playing a game *you* provided.  
I should clarify that we were not shouting obnoxiously nor making as much noise as possible; I wasn't that far gone and I am very sensitive to being a part of that kind of awkwardness.  This was out of nowhere and unwarranted, in my opinion.
We would probably have stayed for hours and spent plenty of cash, but suddenly we felt like outcasts and the weird change in cabin pressure made us all want to go elsewhere.  It kinda ruined the night.  We left pretty quickly.
So I guess if you're (for some reason) looking for someplace sedate to play a board game in silence... this is your spot.This place has the potential to be such a cool neighborhood bar and restaurant. Unfortunately, its not even close.  The food is pretty bad. I ordered the "well burger," which is far from well.  It was just a lump of meat with a cold blob of blue cheese.  They said they don't heat up the cheese on burgers (?).  I also had to ask for L&T.  I so wanted to like this place, but I won't be returning.Cool bar with fun atmosphere.  Could be a 3.5?  Good beer selection.  Grilled cheese was delicious.Awesome beet salad with fresh peaches and farmer cheese.  Beware of large portions, the fried chicken and waffles were great, fresh and hot.  The grilled Tasso ham and cheese is highly recommended. Good beer selection. Too bad they don't have tshirts for sale. We'll be back!Woo hoo, first review!  
I live a block from here, I'm happy to give The Wishing Well* a great review.   Imagine South Philly Taproom, but cleaner and with better food and better beer with less hipsters.  That's the The Wishing Well in a nutshell.  
I was STOKED to find find my favorite Flemish sour ale, Duchesse de Bourgogne, on draft.  My wife drank the St Bernardus ABT 12 and I also had the Terrapin Cap't Krunkles (Black IPA).  I also noticed Chimay White, Sly Fox, Lancaster, Magic Hat, Wayerbacher, Bell's and a decent bottled beer/cocktail list.
Our food was quite satisfactory and as far as pub fare - exceeded my expectations.
Chris, the owner approached our table on a couple of different occasions to chat and make sure everything was OK.  In fact, we didn't have one server, but 4 servers.  But the weird thing was they were all willing to be our servers and step up.  It was awesome to see employees who were so invested and on the same page - it gave the place a real homey feeling.  
One of the servers explained that they try to source local food ingredients and that the menu and the draft list will be rotating frequently.  
I am pretty enthusiastic about this place and hope to see them succeed.  They are off to a great start.  
*  OK, Chris the owner, if you are reading this, I think that "The Wishing Well" is a pretty terrible name and the font on your sign is even worse.  Good thing my review will help people look past that right?  ;)Wow, boy do I WISH I had a penny to throw in a WELL that the service was better at this place.
I live in the neighborhood and am always looking for a good place to shoot the shit and drink mimosas with my pinky up. When we went to Wishing Well we thought we found our go to spot, sadly we were mistaken. Our waitress was rude, offensive, and sluggish. It took over 30mins for me to get a cup of coffee and over 40mins to get a second mimosa. Did I mention we were one of the 3 tables that were at the place?
The highlight of the meal is when the waitress inserted herself into our conversation (rudely of course) and preceded to tell us that she vandalizes cars when she rides her bike through the city.
On a positive note, the food was great (we were there for Brunch) and the atmosphere is up my alley. I would give it another try to see if the service gets better.Lay off the salt and I might be back. 
The beer selection is nice, so is the wine list which is great so beer and wine aficionados can hang together there.  Our waitress was very nice, good recovery for the lack of service when we walked in.  3 people on staff trying to change the TV channel and nobody to greet clients!
The food was WAY TOO SALTY.  The seafood salad was unedible, it had so much salt. Even the mache was covered in salt, I mean it's lettuce, how do you oversalt that?  The Ribeye steak was pefectly cooked medium rare but was also too salty and so was the side of mushrooms but at least both were edible; the side of broccoli rabe was not.
The wings were good, nice piece of chicken and you can order them 3 ways: buffalo, dry rub and asian + they're 50 cents during Phillies games.  
I would go back to have a nice beer or good glass of wine, but I don't think i'm eating anytime soon.OK so the food is probably a smidgen better than the usual bar food. The proportions are large-- the pulled pork sandwich could feed 3 sober college girls. 
The waitress was nice, the drinks were okay... there's nothing about this place that would make it my regular go-to spot especially in a city where there are so many places to try. Not a bad place to end up at if you forgot to make reservations for Friday night dinner at all the surrounding Italian Restaurants.I went here with a group of about 10 people. One of my pals called and had a table reserved for us in the back. 
I didn't eat anything, and I only had a beer ($2 Kenzinger -- great deal.) A few of the people I was with ordered food, but I don't know if they liked it or not because...it was too loud in there! As the night wore on, it got louder. It was weird, because the stuff on the menu is kind of expensive ($9 grilled cheese, for example) but with the blaring music, this place was presenting itself as a cheap bar. 
The women's bathroom was weird too. It's big but only has one stall, and the door is short and doesn't offer much privacy. Someone was in there when i walked in, and I stood outside because it felt awkward. There were also magazines in the stall. Really? Who is going to read a magazine in a public bathroom? It was also filthy.
The space is okay, if a little small, the location is great and the happy hour specials were good, but I don't see any reason to come back to the Wishing Well. There are too many better places nearby, like the New Wave.Maybe I'm just getting older and the prospect of going to a bar where you can't move around easily, or it's so loud it sounds like a Mannyunk homecoming dance isn't really appealing anymore.  That's why i like places like Wishing Well, where the menu is fantastic, the beers are flowing nicely and the service is great.  My old haunt Pat Bombinos has been transformed into a great neighborhood bar now that can easily be called one's own. Great job guys!  Highly recommended!OK, Wishing Well.  I know you're the new kid on the block.  I think you have some potential.  But some things are gonna have to change.
First things first - we came in last night, and were pleased by the beer selection.  Terrapin Cap'n Krunkles, Ballast Point Big Eye IPA, Dark Horse Crooked Tree IPA, New Holland Dragon's Milk....all great beers to choose from.  On top of that, they were $2 off on Monday. 
Service was friendly and attentive...but onward with the food....
The problem here seems to be that key ingredients and/or flavor are missing from plates.  The mozzarella sticks?  The cheese was obviously fresh, and tasted fantastic - and the smoked tomato dipping sauce was great.  But the breading lacked any kind of flavor.  We both ordered burgers - for me, the tuna burger, and for him, the hyped SHAME burger.  Unfortunately, neither were totally great.  My tuna burger was fairly tasty, but still lacking some flavor.  As for the SHAME burger, well, the beef lacked any flavor at all.  It tasted like something out of the frozen food aisle at Acme.  A total disappointment.  We shared the banana pudding for dessert, which was also underwhelming.  It tasted like instant banana pudding, but the only thing that saved it were the caramelized bananas - which were pretty amazing!
My advice for the Well is fairly simple: do not fear embracing quality ingredients and spicing up your dishes with more flavor.  Maybe your bigger plates are better than the bar food.  But if you're going to make the SHAME burger one of your biggest selling points, would it hurt to use some top notch, fresh, well-seasoned Angus beef?  I'm willing to pay more for a burger that I know will be full of flavor.  (I suggest trying the Royal Tavern's burger if you need an example.)  Oh, and maybe close for a week, make the windows bigger, and find a different color for your walls and some artwork.  Ultimately, I agree with Jason that there is no vision here.
This isn't the first time a local pub has had some growing pains.  That's for sure.  But it's best the growing pains are remedied before the Well gets a negative reputation. Your chops and experience seem to be there - but the execution is pretty bad. The neighborhood wants you here!
I'll probably be back for some drinks, and some fries, which were pretty tasty - but probably not for dinner until it improves.This is a pretty cool place. They have some great beers on tap and the burgers are delish. I love quizzo on Monday nights! Oh - and definitely order the dry rub wings!I absolutely love this place. Upon arriving at this place - the look at my group of girlfriends was priceless. They were all thinking "whaaaaat kind of place did Alyssa bring us to?" The last brunch we went to was in DC and had chandeliers, velvet chairs, and marble tables - this is just really on the opposite spectrum.
The Wishing Well is more on the divey bar side - when you walk in there are tables, tvs, and it's on the part of town where you probably have to walk a bit in order to catch a cab home. We were put in the back corner since we had a group of 6, next to the dusty board games and a lamp with a flickering bulb. The chairs on this corner may have been a little torn and the tables was a little wobbly. 
Now let me get to the part of this review where you say --- now why did you give them 5 stars? I gave them 5 stars because this is one of the best brunches I have ever been to. My other favorite brunch cost me 80 bucks and was at this snazzy place in NYC. This brunch cost me $25 for bottomless mimosas, bottomless bloody marys, and an entrée. Not only were the food and drinks amazing - the service was fantastic and we were there mind you - for 4 hours!
We really did have a blast at the brunch - one of the best I've been to ever and I really just can't complain about anything. If you're looking for a great time, this place is really a hidden gem. Check out my pictures if you want to see what we ordered - everything everyone ordered at the table was great. 
Next time I'm in Philly - I will be back!!!Went one late afternoon to check this place out. With a name like Wishing Well, how could you go wrong? It was a Saturday and wasn't crowded at all. We ordered the arugala salad. The first I've ever had. It may be the last. But I know it will be the best. So good. I probably would come back just for it. Beer selection was good. Dogfish, etc. Shit, i can't remember what else we had, but it was a while ago. I wouldn't call this place a gastro pub. It seems more like a restaurant that is a bar.A gem of a place in the Italian Market.
Haven't had any of there food (yet), but the menu reads very well and seems graciously thought out. I do love their $5 wine Tuesday night on select glasses and the husband man likes their draft picks. The Well is always a favorite when in the neighborhood.This is just a cool cool neighborhood bar. We came here for a late-ish dinner on Saturday and managed to time it with the Phillies/Braves game. Seated right away, ordered some beers from their impressive draft & bottle list and checked out the menu. I admit, I had a glass of their house white as I was beer-ed out from the Hawthorne's IPA Block Party, but it was actually a very good house white! 
Fried pickles are delicious - I like that they slices and not entire spears. Their buffalo wings are really good! Quite juicy and tossed in plenty of sauce. I would like to marry their grilled cheese, please. Thick bread, mix of gooey cheeses, caramelized onions, with a side of fries. The Shame Burger is highly touted - topped with scrapple and a fried egg, but received a little bit of a lukewarm review from my husband.A little gem of a neighborhood happy hour spot. I stopped in here on a Friday for happy hour before dinner. It was not crowded so I got to sit at the bar and chat it up with the friendly bartender. They had a variety of about 6 beers on tap for $3 from 5-7. Actually 2 of the kegs were kicked so that was disappointing. Nonetheless I was impressed by the neighborhood vibe and wish I lived closer. Someone else at the bar got the chicken pot pie and I can report it both smelled and looked great. I will definitely be getting into their all you can drink bloody marys sooner rather than later.Come here all the time on Sunday's with my wife. $2 mimosas are a great deal and everything on the menu tastes excellent. Except maybe the hangover bowl... Was a bit watery for my taste the one time I ordered it. Highly recommend the smoked pork sandwich!Food is good and eclectic. The atmosphere is fun and the service is very friendly. You will smell afterwards as if you spent 2 days working in a food truck cleaning the grease traps. They would be 4 stars if they invested in a ventilation system.Needed a new Sunday brunch location, so decided to give this place a try. Atmosphere is nice, friendly, low-key. When we arrived at 12:30, only a few tables were free but by the time we left at 3 it was pretty much packed - so come early to avoid crowds. 
Most people seemed to be indulging in the $25 unlimited mimosa/bloody mary special which kept the waitress very busy. We opted for coffee, which was decent (brought to table in individual french presses) but not bottomless like the mimosas! 
If you are in a rush, this is not the place for you. We waited quite awhile to order, and then quite a while for food and eventually got our check, about 15 minutes after asking for it. It's much better than being rushed out of a place, but the service was too short-staffed to check in on us or make sure we were finished. 
Food was decent, nothing overly amazing or inventive, just good, quality, american-style food. 
As my friend says, we'll go again, just not anytime too soon.