I've never seen a larger or better selection of beer in my life! All are sold by the bottle, and the prices are awesome! The employees are always happy to help and greet you with a genuine smile. Little known- this place also serves sandwiches, panini's and wraps. The different choices are sometimes exotic, but alway delicious. But if you know what you want, you can always "create your own" any way you want it. If you're on the run, you can get anywhere from this location. Or- just grab a table! Enjoy a beer or two with your sandwich and see what's up and coming in the local community. I love this place.Be prepared to feel like a kid in a candy store!
I come here every once in awhile, and am always overwhelmed by their selection. A mixed six packed or two can make for a great evening. (And present, I bought one for my roommate's boyfriend's bday one year.) 
Staff is friendly and helpful, and they do have a deli for light food. 
Note, they do not post prices on the beers, or in the fridge--you must look it up in the manifest, so you may be surprised at the price when you get to the register. --Just put one back or swap it out for something cheaper ;)This place is awesome. Awesomely expensive, but a good splurge for
SureSooo cool! A TON of beer to choose from. There is no way they don't have your favorites, along with other exotic beers you've got to try just because you can. Great prices for typically expensive beers. Combining an extensive beer store and a place to sit and drink = pure genious. Nice staff. I can't complain about a damn thing!!Staff here is nice and helpful. I went in looking to buy a customized 6 pack for a friend who likes IPAs. I wanted to make it good and I don't know beer, especially craft beer at all. The staff was a huge help.Disgustingly over priced. They have a wonderful, mouth watering beer selection but c'mon. This is not even NY prices. I realize PA law is part of the problem here but Foodery beer prices are just too high. I have been on boycott for years. I would rather go to one of the great beer bars around or pick up beer in NJ than give this place my $I went to The Foodery a few weeks ago with my fiance to meet up with someone who recommended it. We got paninis. Mine was the pastrami and the meat was very flavorful. It was slightly pricey but there was a nice sit down area. The place reminds me of something between a grocery/convenience/cafe store that also has beer, cider and coffee. that has a huge selection of craft beer and cider. I was able to buy a Wyndridge farms cider, my favorite. I would return but mostly just to buy some craft cider!Ahh Foodery...home of the $30 six pack. Albeit the BEST six pack you can get, I still have to dock a star for price. 
Much to the disappointment of my bank account I still frequent this lovely spot to marvel at the vast and yummy selection of fine beer from the world over. Naturally, I always cave and take away a bottle (or 2 or 3...) of the latest greatest Belgian wonder-brew to wash down my fab diablo sandwich. 
I suppose there are worse ways to spend 30 smackers...This Foodery rules.  They have so many different kinds of amazing beer.  They also do a lot of taste tests there.  There is an area for you to sit down and drink the beer you just purchased which makes it cheaper than going to a bar.  They also have pint glasses in there for you to drink out of.  It is so nice in there and the service is super friendly.  If I ever live in Northern Liberties I'd spend way too much money tasting all of their delicious beers.Excellent inexpensive sandwiches, amazing beer selection, and a nice mix of convenience store extras (chips, coffee, etc).  Staff is friendly and you'll always find a beer nerd to help you there; whether it's one of the staff or a random customer.  
I'd wholeheartedly recommend a visit with only two caveats: the beer is really expensive, and the deli is slow.  So, call ahead for a sandwich, and go to a distributor or Jersey for anything bigger than a sixpack.  Otherwise, the Foodery is a great spot.A hipster's/yuppie's/foodie's wet dream. Excellent beer selection & fine foods... I've been here a few times and it always pleases.You have to know what you're getting yourself into when you come here.  What I mean by that is:
Are they expensive?  Yes.
Do they have a lot, and I mean, a lot, of beers?  Yes.
Do they sell a lot of crafts and beers you can't find at most places?  Yes.
Can you customize your own 6-packs?  Yes
Do they have a deli where you can scarf down a sandwich and have a cold one?  Yes.
(I haven't had any sandwiches, but heard they're good)
Do they have wifi so you can work "from home" at the Foodery?  Yes.
Did you forget if they're pricey?  Yes.
Are they on Instagram?  Yes.
Do they have specials and showcase different breweries?  Yes.
Are they open late?  Yes.
That is what they are - not a true 'deli', not a true 'beer store', not a 'grocery story'.  They're your neighborhood go-to spot for people who know nothing about beer to the people who consider themselves beer snobs.  There are often tastings/samples of different beer and there is almost always some sort of special going on.
Overall, it's a solid place and a staple in our neighborhood, especially in an area with so many BYOBs.I agree that the prices there for beer are a bit high... but go to a local bar and buy that micro-brew from Harrisburg and see how much you'll pay.  No joke, you'll pay $4 - $6 for a Troegs or Victory at some bar and pay half that at the Foodery.  Obviously, beer is marked up at bars because people are willing to pay it but the Foodery, as far as I know, is the only place in town where you can mix-a-six with such a great selection... besides the other Foodery in Old City.
In regards to the food, awesome sandwiches.  I take friends there all the time to try what they have.  Now they go there all of the time.I ambivalent about this place. The sandwiches are quite good.  The service is quite another thing.  When waiting to pickup an order, the sandwich maker ignored me for several minutes and was quite rude to me when I finally got her attention.  It was such a turnoff that I won't be back.Yay beer and sandwiches!
The deli has a great selection of sandwiches. The Diablo and the Club are my favorite. The sundried tomato pesto is wonderful too! 
As for beer, it can be a bit pricey for bottles but I'm glad that they have price tags up now so you can at least gauge what you're in for when you step up to the register. Beer tastings once in awhile is pretty great too! I like that they change their selection of beers so I can try a bottle of something new. 
They also stock Joe Tea, which I love, but they charge $2.59 for a bottle!! It's just iced tea! I usually get it from Palm Market down the street, which charges like a dollar less.For the first time I actually got a sandwich here today...The son of the Diablo, with smoked turkey, pepperjack cheese, bacon, and spicy mayo. It was pretty darn good. If you like an extensive choice of belgian beers, and just about any other damn beer you can think of come here. But take my warning: prices can be a bit steep! I guess that's what one can expect for such a great selection...LARGE selection of beer.  If you find a good one, you'll pay for it.  This place is pretty expensive.  The worst part is that it is not efficient.  You go to the coolers to try and find what beer you want, but you can't really look because the space is so small that everyone else is asking you to move so they can get in there, too.  Also, the line tends to wrap from the cashier directly in front of the coolers....so you've got a small space as it is, then a line, then all those still trying to browse.  I found it annoying overall.The tuna is bomb. But I like the way the guy makes it during the week better than the weekend woman . Nothing personal, just a tuna snob who likes her tuna to be well mixed and not so mayo-y, but just enough mayo. The roll is amazing and it's a pretty big hoagie for $7. ( shhh..I'm not supposed to be eating bread right now). 
As far as snacks go, this place has all your munchie needs covered: big cookies, cupcakes and cheddar bacon popcorn, which I didn't even know existed, yum! And obviously beers galore, if that's your thing I'm sure you already know. I'm a vodka girl so I'm just reviewing the food here.The Foodery is like that snobby waiter with an arrogant ego but you still feel the need to figure out..
Pricey. Very pricey. Yet, they DO in fact have a rather fabulous beer selection..although it seems the magic number here is $10..how does anything I end up purchasing equal $10?
Again..like that arrogant waiter..this place is ridiculously overpriced..but it's still just so COOL!I think they actually have a million beers.
Also, really good sandwiches and ridiculous candy & treats.
Plus, you can go into the walk-in! But, only if you're a girl and agree to make out with one of the guys that work there, though.
(I have not taken them up on that offer)rows and rows of cold cases of rare beers.....even if you don't like beer, its worth the trip to view the nifty labels of said rare beers.....
pricey beer and probably not worth it if you are going to be buying the usual philly finds.....but if you are looking for something new and different, then this is your place....
I dream of going back, but fear my lack of self control will force me to become an addict of snooty beers.....The concept of Foodery is kind of cool. Too bad the people who work there are unnecessarily rude. Rude employees = I won't be back!There's another great location of this store that's been reviewed on yelp already. I was bumming with some friends in the NoLi's area and stopped in to stock up for an evening of merrimaking. all i can say is that if you enjoy beer for more than just its alcohol content, you MUST check out this place. they have a robust selection of what i would consider "interesting, exotic, and just plain awesome beers from around the world."
on top of that, the guys behind the counter were very helpful and knowledgable. even more impressive was the computer for browsing beer lists to find that perfect brew for you, or just get info on any kind of beer you can think of.
for the reading public's interest, my mix-a-six contained two magic hats (#9 & fat angel) and four japanese/chinese brews chosen for their totally insane labels (dragons, dancing ladies, etc.) hidden in those four was a buckwheat brew to DIE for. and that's my two cents.I'm probably too much of a fan.  Overwhelming selection of beer.  If you want to get into beer tasting and learn about beers from around the world, this is the place to start.
But once you've developed your palette, buy the local stuff!  I'm discovering there are loads of interesting and delicious domestic beers that won't squash the wallet.Now that I think about it, why is it called "Foodery" when I'm (and most of Philadelphia) only going in there for the beer? Maybe a quick snack too, but only while I wait in line to pay because that's when impulse purchases attack.
This Foodery location kicks ass - except its WAAAAAY too far away from my apartment. It's BIG, carries far more beer than their Pine Street location, has a deli counter, and more importantly has tables with chairs where one can sit, talk, and drink. Drink delicious beer amongst fellow beer lovers and then decide its a good idea to buy MORE beer. And drink it. Then get more to bring home, since you also drink beer there. Genius.
For whatever reason, only this location has Doc's Draft in stock (WHY?!) so I always get tempted to stock up on that, but they always have plenty of seasonals and rare bottles in stock - including one that I had on draft at Monk's Cafe that's amazing and really hard to find. I won't tell you which one because I want it all for myself :P My only gripe (which is always the same) are PA's stupid laws and the prices that go along with them. Beer is expensive. But I still drink it, so I'm still gonna buy it. 
But they need to get an electronic version of that price list in there STAT since I couldn't find a bottle listed that I really wanted to try, but not without knowing what kind of financial sacrifice I might've had to make. That bottle is still there...taunting me...This place is wonderful. They have this massive selection of beers from all around the world. Similar to a cigar shop, the staff is extremely knowledgeable of all the different types of beers, and are more than happy to make a recommendation.If the words Hitachino or Tsing Tao resonate with you, then the Foodery is a great pick.  $30 for a six-pack? Indeed.  However, with a 9% alcohol volume, it won't be an issue.This place is pretty cool. They have a great selection of gummy candies which I love. And also soda and ice tea, stuff like that. I don't drink alcohol so I guess one could make the argument that I haven't enjoyed the feature of the store which is beer. But the selection is huge blah blah. Everyone loves beer now it's the coolest thing. I really do like how you can sit and hang out for a minute and drink slash eat whatever you buy. The staff is nice. I think items at the foodery are a little expensive but I guess it's kind of in a hip part of town and some of the things there are hard to come by so that's what your paying for. Check it out. I recommend it.Yes, the selection of beer at the Foodery is unparallelled.  They have, pretty much, everything.  They have delicious sandwiches and a bevy of other delightful little convenience items.  And the staff is cool.
The only problem (and the reason this review is 3 and not 5 stars): Get ready for $30 6 packs.  YIKES!!!  That'll wash that great imported beer taste out of your mouth!A beer selection that could cause most folks to have a Homer Simpson moment: "Mm, beer."  Pretty much every kind of beer you could want and you can mix a six-pack.  However, that said, I'd say this is really closer to a 3.5-star experience given the really high prices (e.g. Chimay red that's $8 more than other places in the city) and the hit-or-miss staff that seems to know their stuff, but may or may not be willing to share their knowledge.  Basically, I think this is a fantastic place to buy just the right beer for the right occasion, those times when you don't care what you have to pay.Great little deli with fresh meats and veggies.  They are alittle slow if there is a crowd.  Also a great place for snacks and a couple beers.Being close to a friends flat, We ventured here often and I have missed it sense he moved.  I love my beer and this place definitely quench my thirst for new tasty goodness.  BUT, Im not here to review their 3 towering walls of water, malt, hops, and yeast or their selection of healthy snacks,  for what i remember mostly veggietarian.  Im here to tell you all about their great sandwich center hidden in the corner, beggin for a second look.  These tasty creations are served to U by a very courteous gent.   My fav: S2 Maple Honey Turkey & Cream Cheese: sourdough bread with the cucumber crunch and their cold cuts stacked between.  These sandwiches tackled my hunger every time.  
So...  Yes, the beer is expensive. Yes, the staff could be way more considerate when asked questions.  But if you want a quick stop where you can put down a great beer and fill your belly.  The Foodery will never fail.I always get either the diablo or the P2... So good. Great selection of beers, friendly service,great variety of snack food and random awesome chocolates. A+There is such a large assortment of beers as well as sandwiches -- it's the perfect combination! The staff are all so helpful and kind. There is also such a large variety of snacks that are difficult to find anywhere else! The food and customer service is so great!Super expensive beers but the selection is completely insane! Good local spot.This place knows there beers! With over 500 in stock this place is a go to for the beer snob in you.With a gazillion choices and very knowledgable staff, the Foodery is the only choice for a special sixer.Yeah the Foodery is a beast.  It can get pricey, but you can't beat the selection.  Also, check out the "El Diablo" sandwich from the deli.  Sometimes it burns twice . . .I've only ever purchased beer from here, and it's bothered me to no end that they don't have prices listed. Well they do now! 
The staff has  always been helpful when needed, and friendly any time else.The Foodery rules! They have an amazing beer selection. Last night I purchased a 6 pack of Ballast Point Grapefruit sculpin and Abita purple haze, it came to around $23 so it's a little pricey, but totally worth it! They give 10% off each bottle in a six mix of your choice. 
The food is also awesome! Great for breakfast and lunch. You can order a sandwich and get a beer, sit down and enjoy-- this place is a really unique spot with a delicious selection of beer and food, I highly recommend stopping by!Foods good. Beer is good. 
Too bad every employee there is a knuckle head.  They all walk around with their mouths wide open and their noses up in the air.  Its actually more offensive then anything.The Foodery is just down the street from me.  I literally feel like a kid in a candy store whenever I walk in!  The selection is amazing, the staff is friendly and knowledgeable, and they also make great sandwiches.  Another plus is that you can drink right in the store.  Awesome.this place is pretty sweet...it has boar's head  which make coldcut snobs like me happy and beer!....not just the regular boring stuff...but a plethora that's righ a plethora of  hop and barley creations from all over  the world... for example if u want a  chocolate stout brewed in beligum by a one eye chinese muslim monk w/ a pet monkey.. the Foodery prob has it.... i like grabbing a 6 pack of random beers i have never tasted before when i go to a byob or watch a game...though some of them can be a bit $ one beer cost me 10 bucks... and if u r looking for a 30 pack or case   take a cab to jersey and go to canals it prob will be cheaperOde to a gourmet convenience store:
Ahh foodery you wreck me. So many good things, so little money. Indie domestic beers, german beers, belgian beers, in row after row of malted/hoppy goodness. You're sandwiches made fresh on the spot are delightful. Your salsa is hot and spicy.  Your chips are natural and delicious. Your ice cream bars are tasty and full of chocolaty/creamy goodness.  It is but the bill that is frightful.Okay, I've only been once, but I think I'm in love. I could easily spend an hour surveying the cases, reading the names of obscure beers, examining their labels, carefully crafting the perfect six pack. Then I could grab a delicious, inexpensive veggie sandwich and sit down to pass a Saturday afternoon with a friend enjoying good food, good drinks, and some crossword puzzles. Oh wait, that's exactly what I did. 
I'm not going to complain about the prices- it's worth the money to sample new and exciting beers- but it would be helpful if they were at least posted somewhere, so you had some idea how much that tasty, tasty nectar was going to cost.Great selection of Beer !!! Love the helpful staff, if I ever have a question, they don't have any hesitations with answers!  The prices are pretty reasonable.I visited the Foodery in NoLibs...and had a sandwich.  That for me is as good as it gets.  There was a sign at the deli that they had gluten-free flatbread, so I gave it a whirl, and I had an amazing S7-Diablo!  I might be a little biased since it has been a while since I ate a deli-quality sandwich like this on flatbread.  They get the bread at Reading Terminal, and it was thin - let the sandwich speak for itself instead of taking it over...so good.
So here was my Diablo - "buffalo" chicken (not breaded, it was thinly sliced like cold cuts), monterey jack, avocado, green pepper, chipotle mayo.  It certainly lived up to its name - it was HOT - but SO GOOD!  I got a bag of Dirty Chips and a Half n Half, and I was SET with a delicious and filling lunch just short of $10.  It was so good, I inhaled it instantly.
Foodery has a unique selection of beers that in this liquor-control state is hard to come by.  I will definitely be back for the deli and brewskies!The sandwiches are made on the spot with a good beer selection. Solid spot to stop in for a quick lunch.This place really has it all.  They have over 800 beers and their staff is usually super friendly and real knowledgeable of their selection.  They also have a deli that offers cheap sandwiches and a seating area to hang out and eat.  They are definitely a bit pricey, though.DAMN!
That about sums up my experience to the Foodery this past weekend.
Walked by on the way out of Standard Tap, and did a triple take when I saw the beer case. I had read plenty about this place in Beer Scene and Ale Street News, but actually seeing all the amazing beer this place has to offer is mind blowing. 
I could have spent all evening in there, and blown through the kids college fund pretty easily. Even with the 10% of a sixer (per bottle), I managed a $38 six pack. Not to mention another $60 on individual big bottles.
Wife wasn't to happy, but I figure most of these beers I have never had, and may never have again...so why not.
Didn't even know they served food till I was leaving...I was too blinded by the beer, and they get 5-stars just for that!If you're looking for sophisticated suds that you can take home to enjoy by your shut-in self, or bring to rescue a party with your heroic, good taste. This is the place.
Pros
-Truly amazing selection - local, domestic, international, extra-MF'in-terrestrial
-DIY Six Packs (or more, really...)
Cons
-Gets a bit pricey
-Sneaky tactics what without putting prices on the individual beers and then you're kind of on the spot when charged with a custom sixer in the $35 range. Buy hey, you've got great taste and don't want anyone to see you sweat with sticker-shock or know the real you is a cheapskate, so you pay up and The Foodery Wins (but so do you because the beer is great).Well now, this was a plesnt suprise for me.  We intially were headed to Standard Tap, but being beer week, it was packed.  So we decided to hit The Foodery for some beers to go.  I had never stopped in here before, so I was very pleasantly surprised with the selection of beers in the coolers.  My only complaint was they were a tad pricey.  Now I know how much these beers should have cost, and I paid at least $10 more than I should have, but..... it's Philly.  
I was happy to see that some people were leaving as I was paying, opening up a table for us.  So we plopped down and drank our 6 pack of delicious selections in house.  I was also glad to have some AC, it was damn hot and humid that day.  
Not sure what else to say.  I liked this place, and next time I am in Norther Liberties and need some good beer on the go, I know where to go.1. Awesome beer selections from around the world. Easy to find, drink on site and people watch.
2. Super knowledgeable dudes will help you find anything you need (or didn't know you needed) if you ask nicely.
3. Plentiful stock of tasty treats!Great selection of all things Craft Beer,  even carries the most difficult of craft beers to find.  This is my kind of place.  Also located in an area with great craft beer bars,  only down side is parking,  expect to search for a spot.  However it's worth the trip once you do park.  Cheers!Same kind of vibe as Higher Grounds: nice place, good products, convenient location, ruined by the eye-popping attitude of the staff. Yes, as everyone knows, they have a great selection of beer, but at shamelessly-marked-up prices...  Like the notorious dickwad at Higher Grounds, the guys who work here set the benchmark for the "I'm-too-cool-to-give-a-fuck" hipster customer 'service' that's so pervasive in Northern Liberties. Funny that people mention how great the staff are....in the three years I lived in No Libs, I went here over a dozen times and never experienced anything but attitude and patronization from the staff. There were a couple times I went with a friend or two, friends who'd never been, and who'd only heard how 'great' this place is. I didn't stop them when they tried to engage one of the guys behind the counter, and I sat back and watched the "Uh....you really think you're cool enough to get me to talk to you...??..!!??" attitude get rubbed back in their face (while the door opened and a messy-haired power-hipster covered in tattoos waltzed in being greeted with lavish " 'sup dude? what's goin' on? how you been?" from the staff). Was in No Libs last night, and had no choice but to go here to get beer for a party....it'd been about a year, and nothing has changed. Career-hipters in front of me in line talked to the guy at the counter for almost a full minute after they'd finished paying, while the line piled up. When their important conversation ended, I still said hello to the guy working, got no response, guy rang me up, I said thanks, he says 'next in line...'. Like I've said in other reviews, don't pay people to shove an attitude in your face, especially when their products are already obnoxiously-overpricedIt's a goddamn shame that the city has to resort to bottle shops if you only want beer in non-case form. That being said, The Foodery is a great option for local and craft beers. My biggest complaint is that the prices are way too much and the employees are very bizarre.
I always come here though because I just simply don't have the dough to fork over for a 24 of my favorite craft beers. I would still recommend people Brew down in South Philly over Foodery.Great beer selection, a bit expensive, but nothing too outrageous. Some of the staff are friendly and engaging, but others would rather be playing on their stupid little smart phones than realize that a customer is standing in front of them ready to pay.The Foodery is my go to place for any beer in the Northern Liberties area! The staff is very nice and patient and are also willing to go above and beyond and order whatever beer I want! I don't consider myself a beer snob, but I do like to expand my tastes other than the Summer Love's and Yuengling! It's a great place to grab one or two beers, but if you're thinking of getting a six-pack, stay far away since you'll be spending close to $20 for a pack of Brooklyn Lager or something on the not-so-expensive side of beer! It also helps that this place is open late, so when you're celebrating your weekend with your friends, this is a great place to grab those emergency beverages!Overpriced. I really really really can't wait for the laws to change in Pennsylvania so I can be there when places like the Foodery fall flat on their asses. Take Plymouth Meeting Whole foods, for example. You can pick up a large bottle of Rodenbach Grand Cru for under 10 dollars. At the foodery, you'll pay almost $18..  Everywhere I travel (including Europe) I am reminded of the ass raping I get every time I buy beer in Philly. The Monopoly must and will end and I will happily be dancing on the ashes of the Foodery when it's over.As other users said this is an UPSCALE corner store/deli.  
They have a great concept for buying beer in PA and their selection is unmatched in the city.  Don't go in here trying to find a bargain though, a 6 pack of hand chosen beer can cost anywhere from $15-$30.  They have a deli stocked with Boar's Head meats and a small selection of pre-packed goods, Asian candies , chips, and other small snacks.  
Overall this is a great place to find a good bottle of beer, but just be ready to spend a few $$$.awesome beer selection and even better selection of HARIBO candies!They literally have less and less to offer every time we come. They don't restock anything and told us they "don't do salads anymore?"Like come on. The lady behind the counter is also so unfriendly, it's ashame. I've been to some of the other Foodery's and have had great experiences! But so will not be coming back to this one anymore.A great gem in the neighborhood. Their beer selection is vast, they have all the snacking necessities and a friendly staff to assist you.I'm trying to make sure every time I go to a new city, I visit a beer shop. On the way to see Stevie Wonder, my friend said this was the place. It was. 
Huge beer selection, almost entirely in the fridge. This is dangerous because you will buy beer you've never heard of and you will happy for it. Definitely a place to stop by on the way to or from anywhere.The beer selection is phenomenal!  I haven't tried the deli, but will soon.  They have coolers of all different imports and a fantastic variety of American microbrews all of which come in a variety of sizes.  
I found an assortment of beers that I had never heard of, but am anxious to try.  Also, I recommend Samuel Smith's Nut Brown Ale, it has just tied my first favorite beer (tying Smithwicks).  
The staff was very knowledgeable and friendly, I will be back.I didn't even realize this establishment was a Foodery (I don't pay attention) until I heard someone say the name as I was walking by it.  Anyway that made me really excited and I went in a picked up my favorite Schneiderweiss. This is where I recently grabbed the organic (green label), 2 originals (blue) and one other one.  I drank it already and don't remember what it was.  4 stars because I forgot how much these beers costs.  To be fair I don't know if 4 beers cost almost $30 because of the beers themselves, like the brand, or if its the foodery.  Probably a combo of both.  Oh well.  Its good enough that I'll pay that much and the Foodery is the only place I know to find it so there ya go.I stopped in to this bottle house briefly on someone's errands, and it was quite the first experience. I will need to go back and spend about 40 minutes absorbing the situation.
Huge selection of unique domestics and rare internationals, varying sizes, plethora of tastes. 800+ bottles such as Russian River and Infinium. Very pricey, though... don't stop in for something you could find somewhere else, because chances are it's way overpriced here. IS recommended for trying something new, or looking for a rare gift.This is the type of store I missed, having not lived in a big City for the last several years.  Great prices on really solid lunch options and a selection of a few hundred beers to boot!I didn't know places like this existed. 
Not only do they carry every beer you could ever want, but you can make your purchase then sit down and enjoy it. 
I noticed the deli and will definitely be back to check it out. 
I think I could give this place more stars once I know if the deli is good...A staple in every one of my visits to Philly, they have a huge selection of excellent Belgians, Germans and local. Pack your own 6 or select singles, have a sandwich made at the attached deli counter, then sit down in their self seating area and enjoy. Prices are the only drawback...they are steep! However, they often have faves that can't be found elsewhere, including Aventinus Eisbock and JW Lees Cask conditioned harvest ales...yum. Time to go visit my brother...Cool store, with all kinds of beer! They had my favorites, Lagunitas, Green Flash, even got Terrepin Stout. This place lets you mix and match 6 packs, which seems to be the greatest idea of all time until you realize the 6-dog you just put together is gonna run you 19 bucks. 
I get that they sell these beers at individual prices, but there should be a bigger discount if you buy 6 of them(you get 10% off). 
The ability to purchase just a single beer makes this definitely the place to come if you want try something new. 5 stars if this place can perfect the mixnmatch 6er and make it affordable.Good place to get beer. The most expensive beer in the world too. 20 to 50 bucks a six pack. yeah thats right ,just look where you are?I have seen alot of reviews on beer but please don't forget about the amazing sandwich counter. They also had really good soup. Staff was friendly and there was alot of goodies to peruse while my sandwich was being made. I will definitely be back.The Foodery and I have some sort of weird relationship.  It's beer is of a wonderful, varied selection and the food is really good but then you get to the counter and that's where it goes downhill.  
First, you encounter the dead-eyed dude who rings you up.  It's almost as if you personally woke him out of bed, dressed him quickly, drove him to the store and made him ring up your beer order at 3am.  That's about how pleasant/attentive most of the help is here.  
When the attendant does mumble out the price, you may just have the urge to check the paper to see if prohibition was re-enacted and if so agree the rightly justified prices at the Foodery.  Trust me, it hasn't.  The Foodery just charges an obscene amount for beer that you can get at a distributor for half the price.  
But that's the price you pay for convenience, selection, and the fact that our state was formed by quakers and maintained by racketeering jerks.Great selection of craft beer--chilled which is a plus-- but is kinda expensive. They have empty 6 pack holders available for you to build your own six pack. Great for craft beer loversAs much as I'd like to praise this place because of their fantastic beer selection and delicious sandwiches-- I've been disappointed too many times.  It's ALWAYS the tall skinny guy who never gives me the correct change.  By the time I'm gonna say something, he quickly starts ringing up the person behind me.  It's expensive enough, I don't need an employee ripping me off.  I don't understand why he constantly makes this mistake.  Does he count the drawer at the end of the night and keep the extra $$?!  Maybe no one is putting money in his "tip" glass so he needs to steal it.  
I was hoping that things would change because of the new system, but I guess not. Customers should pay attention to the amount they're "not" getting back.AMAZING beer selection and a cool vibe where you can sit down and relax. I only wish the food was a little better. $8 sandwiches need to be more than sysco food stock... If they stepped up the food a bit I would give them 4 stars.Everytime Ive been here, the staff are super quick to ask if you need any help or need any suggestions. 
Be ready to talk about beer when you check out too. They cashiers love to hold a convo about your purchases. Very friendly.
The selection cant be beat. Its organized very well and the prices are very fair.there are enough delicious beers here to have you standing in front of the doors walking up and down the aisle pacing and feeling like you have no idea what you want cause you WANT IT ALL.
if you want cheap, they got it.
if you want fancy pants, they got it.
they make food here, too. never had it though.
a lovely staple in the northern part of the city.You'll need an adequate amount of time to spare if you're going to stop by The Foodery. I don't know how anyone could walk in and walk out in under 10 minutes. Half the fun is just looking at the labels of bottles from various breweries. I almost found myself choosing my beer based on which ones had the best labels. I've chosen books like that, and it never works out very well. 
I love any place that offers DIY 6-packs. I also love that their selection is pretty comprehensive, featuring some of the best beers that our city, country, and globe has to offer. The guys behind the counter were friendly and didn't look at me like some damsel in distress when I asked their advice on certain bottles. 
As previous reviews have stated, if you want to avoid sticker shock, look up the individual beer prices in the manifest or you might find yourself with a hefty bill. I spent $50 on 12 bottles (an assortment of Young's Chocolate Stout, Schneider Weiss, Allagash, Monk's, and Stoudt's). 
You're sure to be the hit of any party, especially if other people have brought anything closely resembling Bud Light. Me? I prefer to relax and have a night in with my special purchases and a friend or two. 
I was so enamored with the beer selection that I barely glanced at the rest of the store, so that's on my agenda for next time.