While we enjoyed sitting outside and the food was pretty good, the portions can be small and prices high for what you get.  My thai chicken salad had nary 4 small shreds of chicken and the chicken meatballs were minuscule.  Would not return :-(  too many better choices in our city of fab food!!!South Philly local spot. Fancier then a dive, not super hipstery. Brunch is great and their dinner ain't half bad either. There menu changes from time to time. Just a good spot when you want to go out to eat or drink and just chillCame in here ravenous after a long Ikea shopping trip. The ambiance is upscale casual. When we got here, the place was close to empty, with maybe one table and a bar guest or two. We took a seat at the bar and were greeted by a very down to earth bartender. He was attentive and friendly. 
I ordered the coffee porter, my bf ordered the Heavy seas winter storm. Both beers were great. We also ordered food. I got the pumpkin gnocchi. I am a vegetarian and could have sworn there was chicken stock in the broth but they swore to me up and down that there wasn't.. it was just that good that a meat eater wouldn't even know. 
My bf got a burger which he enjoyed, but the best part of his plate were the fries, that I enjoyed every time he looked away. They were so good I considered ordering just a plate of them for dessert!
For dessert, we decided on a drink to share: 'Pale Disguise', which was a mix of tullamore dew, dewars, honey and lime. It was delicious! 
By the time we left the bar was full and the dining room about half full, but the service did not falter.
Overall, the experience was great! Cheers!If you want a delicious brunch, go to Industry, you will love it!  I've been there a few times now, and cant wait to go back.  The Ghost of Mary, the Wakey Wakey just delicous.  
So far have had the Heuvos Rancheros, the Hillbilly Philly, the home made sausage and scrapple and the burger.  All so yummy, you will be amazed....Great spot with delicious food and good cocktails. Super close to our house which we can walk to. Great staff also!I've been back several times and the place has grown on me.  I still think it's menu is out-of-touch and needs some more basic options.  
However, they have started to tune into their cliental a little better with two specials that they offer.  
1) Bubbles and Burgers.  Monday evenings, $7.50 for burger/fries and high life or $11 for burger/fries and champagne.  Can't complain about that!
2) Their staff meals....they offer late night specials that are basic foods done well (and frequently with a twist) for reasonable prices.  This is what their menu should look like! 
but for now I will take the slow changes that I'm seeing as I still want this place to be awesome.  
Also, the staff is always super friendly.Hosted my first neighbors happy hour and decided on this local bar.
I ordered the burger and nothing to rave about.  You can't go wrong with the beers on draft, local beers are half priced off.  Buck a shuck oysters, not bad.  The atmosphere was nice, very open and equipped with a long community table.  This bar is for drinking only.Seafood BLT with grilled blue fish was very good. Didn't appreciate the grilled potato salad however. Excellent choices of beers both craft and bottled. Not sure if it was The Industry's fault, but it was very hot in the restaurant. The AC seemed to be underperforming, and it distracted from the meal.If you're near here you have to stop for the hillbilly Philly! A must have  service was pretty good and great creative drinksFirst and foremost, there isn't too much in the way of craft beer dine-in places in the Pennsport area where I live, so this is the walkable go-to for my boyfriend and me. I like that they have a menu that rotates and offers off-beat foods like buffalo sweetbreads, and I normally get mussles or whatever seafood special they offer. The large plates are big enough to take half of it home with you. The desserts are pretty tasty, and only once have we not been a fan (a peanut butter bacon thing) and the waitress removed it from our bill as a courtesy. The beers and specialty drinks are delicious, and I've never had an issue with service.Not too many places in Philly that give you complimentary sticky buns with your brunch! It was an adventure finding this place but well worth it. Got the duck confit hash and the duck was cooked perfectly. Disclaimer: the biscuits could feed a family of 4. Proceed with caution. 
Their drink menu is huge and pricey but the bar is cozy. Perfect to drink beers on New Years Day and lament with the staff about your hangover (which may or may not have been our experience).Gotta say, happy hour here is great! The crowd is fun and the deals can't be beat! The staff is accommodating and kind. Have fun!I was debating between 3 and 4 stars for this place, the service and the drinks were definitely 4 stars but I felt that the food could use some work and I will explain.  First we showed up and were able to grab a high top and settled in.  Our waitress was very helpful and always seemed to be around when we needed her.  We started off with the pig ear lettuce wraps.  These were very tasty although I do wish there were at least 1 or 2 more strips of pig ear in them but hey I guess that's a little nitpicky.  For dinner we split the wings and the short rib sandwich.  The wings were good, definitely a good size and good meat on them,  the house wing sauce which was a soy-hoisin sauce was interesting and good.  The short rib sandwhich was good but there was hardly any short rib on it.  The bun was probably 3-4 inches thick with hardly any meat so it mainly felt like I was eating a bread sandwich.  The sandwich was supposed to come with kimchi but I couldn't even tell if it was on there to be quite honest.  It was a bit of a letdown, so that is why I am giving it 3 stars.  We tried the S'more for dessert and it was good but I felt like there wasn't enough graham cracker and marshmallow, don't get me wrong the chocolate granache was good but it was extremely dense and rich and just completely took over the dish.  I would like to go back and check this place out again and try some different things.Oh, Mama!  Why have I not had the pleasure of the Industry's food till tonight?  Stopped in for dessert, but had to get the Duck Confit Doughnuts - get them people - buttery, savory, duck balls with goat cheese which are fried can never be wrong.  They were out of the polenta cake and subbed a Smores-type dessert with graham cracker crust, chilled dark chocolate ganache, and toasted house-made marshmallow.  It was pretty good, especially since the smokiness of the marshmallow lingered in my mouth long after the ganache had melted down my throat - yummm and such a good dessert for that oh so sexy someone - oh, but I get beside myself.  We also had the cheese plate, with three semi-hard cheeses, one each from goat, sheep, and cow's milk that were accompanied with honey, toast points, jelly, and sliced apples.  
Their cocktails seem pretty legit - I usually drink vodka, but I had a sip of a drink my friend got that had fernet - if you like fernet, you'll like it. 
Can't wait to come back here.  Oh, p.s., we stopped in on a Thursday night, which was right in the middle of their quizzo - anyone good at trivia?It's not all that often that I venture over to this side of town, but I think I kinda like it.
It's almost unexpected to stumble upon this smart corner restaurant. Its one large room with wood paneled high ceilings and an open view kitchen create a warm and inviting all-seasons appeal.
The food is interesting with a smattering of eccentric options present, from sausage and mussels in a spicy white ale-based sauce to savory guinea hen with Parmesan crusted corn on the cob.
This is clearly a great spot for weekend brunch or late night dinner in what I'd imagine is the next up and coming Philly neighborhood. Cool.Really affordable and delicious food. My husband had the Hand-rolled Pappardelle which was by far the most delicious thing we had all night. Highly recommended. My only complaint is the seat we had outside was a little smelly with the sewer being so close. Not enough to ruin the meal - but if you sit outside ask for a seat on Reed.I went to Industry on a weekend night and it was packed, but somehow our group was able to get table service. The layout was a standing bar area and tables. The open warehouse feel was attractive to look at. They food and drink menu was diverse and interesting. The people at my table seemed to be enjoying themselves.
The drawbacks I noticed on a busy night was the noise. It seemed impossible to have a normal conversation at the table and shouting didn't seem to help. My ears rang with the din. Another issue was the bathroom, situated in a corner of the room. It was hard to fight through the bar crowd to get there and there only seemed to be one stall.
Industry is an incredibly attractive place and can see why it draws a crowd. I would definitely go back, but may choose a weeknight next time.Great appetizers - Mac and cheese (balls), beignets and pig ears were really good. 
Burger (single patty) was disappointing. Nothing special. 
Dessert (s'mores) was really bad. Cold.
Also, service was VVVVEEERRRRYYY SSSSSLLLLOOOWWW considering it wasn't that busy. Our server seemed to take forever with everything except the billThe industry is always just okay for me. I always want to love it more and make it my local go to bar however I am just bored most times I am there. 
Food is okay. Def worth trying but nothing spectacular. Except the fried green tomatoes which are awesome. For a place located in south philly in a very animal friendly neighborhood I am surprised they do not have any vegan dishes at all. Even for brunch. This for many years kept me from going there on a regular basis. 
Beer selection is usually good. I don't feel like it has ever been easy to score more than one maybe two seats at the bar so this is not the place for a group to hang out. 
I think if I actually worked in the industry which many I know do I would love this place more. It definitely serves its purpose and is good but nothing more than that for me.Came by for dinner for the first time last Friday night. Everything turned out well except for my entree. I ordered the pasta, which tasted house made but didn't seem like the cook actually stirred the pasta once hitting the water. The pasta came clumped together and crunchy in parts that weren't separated during cooking. The porcini mushroom sauce was absolutely bland. The braised veal was also bland but cooked well. 
Honestly I was just disappointed with how a simple dished turned out so wrong. It's a shame since you can pretty much go anywhere in philly to get a similar drink based on their cocktail menu, but good food would had continued to bring me back.Oh good, another bar without Guinness.
Industry is another ultra-hip pub, which has paid a great deal of attention to the light bulbs, and thank God for that. On a blustery November afternoon, I want to make sure that my local pub has the very best lighting options. Some people may disagree, and say that having a nice pint of Guinness and a shepherd's pie might be just the ticket. I'm so glad 'The Industry' resisted the urge give people a familiar pint & bite, opting instead for bone marrow & chocolate stouts. Got sarcasm?
My friend and I decided to try 'The Industry' this week, as we were both open to the idea of trying a new watering hole. As we walked in after work, we took seats at the bar, and were the first patrons of the day.  We waited more than 15 minutes before anyone from the staff decided to acknowledge our presence, but at least they had shirts with snappy saying on them! I asked for a Guinness, which they did not have, nor did they have anything comparable. Okay...how about a lager or a pilsner which isn't cloyingly hoppy? Bar owners...You Need a couple Fastballs!!!! Be hip...be boutiquey...be artistic, but do put at least two staples on the chalkboard. I don't want a stout which tastes like coffee or chocolate; I want it to taste like beer. I don't want need 4 I.P.A's competing for the 'most hops award'  available to me; a good lager would be fine. Also, I am rarely am overcome with the urge to have a pint & bone marrow, or a pint & sweetbreads, or a pint & tartare...seriously? Come on gents. 
I get what 'The Industry' is trying to do, and to an extent, I like when people (including my own) have their palate pushed. That experience, however, is usually reserved for fine dining, not pub fare. This place is definitely a pub...with TV's...in south Philly.  A more honest look at who they are, and how their identity actually functions seem in order. I'll keep an eye out for any changes, as a like to support local business, but I'm in no hurry to get back.No idea how this place isn't getting 5 stars across the board. The Ghost of Mary. I mean come on. It's amazing. God damn I  am craving one right now. Or 3. 
The Hillbilly Philly is what I would request for my final meal if I were on death row. Not kidding.
Everything I've had here - Sandwiches, breakfast food, cocktails, cornbread - has been spot fucking on. Don't ever change, Industry. And I'm so happy you're near my house.Needing to grab some equipment from the nearby Comcast office, my companion and I chose the Industry as the location for a recent, Saturday morning brunch. The decor and ambiance upon entering seemed promising, as the dark woods, relaxed vibe, and high-ish ceilings suggested a great place to grab a bite and a drink. Though we weren't drinking, the tap list had some unique picks and the cocktails seemed well-thought out. 
Unfortunately, the food failed to meet expectations. It came out fairly promptly, which is always welcome when running errands. My shrimp and grits were just fine, though rather boring. Nothing really elevated the Industry's version of this brunch staple above any other of the city's renditions, so it failed to leave an impact. Similarly, the vegetable scramble was simply average. We appreciated the seasonality of the vegetables included (winter squashes and root veggies), but the dish needed something interesting to enliven the palette. Breakfast potatoes had a nice crunch but lacked seasoning. As a devout believer in the power of biscuits, I was disappointed by the Industry's' dry, bland cheddar ones.
Perhaps sticking to the more indulgent "hangover helpers" on another visit will yield superior results. Still, unless I'm in the neighborhood I see no reason to return to the Industry for brunch. The food did not impress (though certainly, with the exception of the biscuit, did not offend) enough to warrant a dedicated brunch voyage to Pennsport from elsewhere. For a drink, however, I look forward to checking this spot out and enjoying the vibe.I live on the same block as the restaurant and really like it quite a bit. They use good quality ingredients, change the menu to offer seasonal specials, and have very interesting and delicious cocktails. The short rib entree (when available) and sandwich are amazing, as well as the kimchee tater tots, wild boar ragu (mmmm!!), and my husband loves their burgers. I was a little disappointed in the Fois Gras PBJ and the Mac & Cheese Balls -- just not very tasty. The seafood BLT when made with fried oysters had a humongous piece of thick fresh bread, but 4 oysters so small I could barely see them, and the bacon & tomato were disproportionate to the size of the bread. They have a cocktail which I love and have never seen on any other menu - a Ghost Mary, made with tomato water instead of juice. So it's clear and very light. It's one of the best drinks I've ever had. I appreciate that they are clean and good neighbors, and while the service is always good in the restaurant, the staff is not always very friendly when you walk past and say hello. The atmosphere is good for dining in the restaurant but they also have super-speedy pick-up, which is great for those nights with no time to cook. I definitely recommend and will keep going back.Our new neighborhood bar. Great drinks and food. Party of 5, sat outside until 10pm brought it inside and same great service ... plus a visit from Spider-Man. We will be back for sure!One of the best places in town. I've been here a number of times; burger, chicken sandwich with egg, buffalo chicken meatballs and mac and cheese croquettes/ my faves!.The mousse dessert... amazing!Loved this place! Great food! Good atmosphere! Went on a Sunday evening so it wasn't too crowded, so I don't know how it would be on a busier day. Our waitress was friendly and sweet but didn't do that annoying this where a waitress comes over a million times during the meal (that drives me nuts)! The beer cheese fondue is WHERE IT'S AT! I highly recommend getting it if you have anything with fries!Always a good experience!  We end up coming here sometimes after seeing a movie and because it's so close to the theatre.  We've had the same bartender both times.  Not sure his name but both times he's always done a good job.  Being in the industry I definitely like coming here even if it's always a random occasion.Cool space with a nice bar. We went for brunch and was glad to see the offered some lunch option ( I'm not really a breakfast guy).  Beer selection is good and the BBQ pork sandwich was good. Friendly staff. Would like to try their dinner menu soon.I really enjoyed this place; I would give a full five but they're just getting started - give them a little time. I had the BBQ duck and my gf had the Thai roast pork - both were excellent! They garnished the duck with jalapeno which was surprisingly a GREAT touch. Fries were a little on the salty side but they still managed to be unique and tasty. Service and atmosphere were great; got a nice rustic feel and it was comfortable to sit outside on the sidewalk:  for those who aren't familiar with the Pennsport neighborhood, it has a Queen Village feel without the traffic (both cars and people) and parking hassles, rendering it a perfect neighborhood for this type of place. They have a fantastic beer and liquor selection, as well. Highly recommend folks check it out.Outdoor seating with dollar oysters at happy hour, great beers on tap, a huge seafood BLT sandwich with loads of fries. Wait staff was prompt and friendly. I'd definitely return!my friend and I decided to have an impromptu sunday funday, which started at the industry. i was a bit hungover from the night before, so i had to be cautious about what food and drinks to order. we met aaron, the best bartender EVER, and he gave us some great recommendations. i got the mint choc chip doughnuts, which were unlike anything i've ever had before. delicious!!! my friend ordered the cannoli cupcakes and they were to die for! both meals absolutely amazing! then we took advantage of the $5 mimosa's. i was very slow to start drinking haha but they tasted SO good I got right back on the horse! aaron the bartender hooked us up and he was so nice and personable. we had a great time there and I'll definitely be back since I live in the neighborhood. we couldn't have asked for a better way to start our sunday funday! thanks!! i highly recommend this place to anyone in the south philly area!Not accommodating...drove from Gladwyne to try because saw in Philly mag. Wouldn't serve me a drink and tonight is my 40th bday!! I didn't bring id because had a new purse?!  And haven't been carded in years. With my hubby who is 50? And we were ready to drink and eat up!! Their loss!We love this place - the food is fresh - the ambiance is great - the service is outstanding and the beer choices on tap are ample.Went here with a large party for late night snacks and drinks this past winter, it was great.  It was a Saturday night and it wasn't overly crowded like most other south philly establishments.  Solid, tasty food.  Also went during the day for brunch with my 1 year old son, they were very accommodating and friendly.Came here with a friend on the fly before a movie and honestly not much to report about this place. We were seated at the long communal table in the center of the restaurant to avoid waiting (we didn't have a reservation). I had a catfish sammie special and my friend had the fried chicken sammie. Both of our meals were enjoyable enough and the service was pleasant but overall I wasn't impressed. The one thing that surprised me about this place was the number of children present in the restaurant - I counted 9, which seems a lot for a place centered around alcohol.
I will probably have to give this place another go (mostly for beer selection), but for now I'll put it in the 'satisfactory' column.Great service..but they need to have a bigger burger.  
Overall - love the place.  It has a great cozy feel -- good for hanging out and getting drinks as well as for dinner on date night.  Mixed drinks are strong - just the way i like it.
and it's close to the movie theater - makes it easy to grab a quick bite in between moviesDon't do it. A friend and I came here last week to get some happy hour food and drinks and I was excited about the dollar oysters. I ordered 6 of them to start and my friend got 3 mac and cheese croquette things (they were also $1 each). When the oysters came out, they were so small it was comical. It wasn't the shells that were small, so it can look confusing, but the amount of actual oyster was a joke. I don't know what kind they were, but they really shouldn't serve them. Those oysters aren't meant to be served... Anyways, let's go next to the mac and cheese croquettes. These things were so bland and flavorless! I was given half of one and took one bite, not finishing the rest. I wish they would have put salt and pepper on the table, but I guess I'm glad they didn't because I would have had to drown it in S&P to give it some flavor. We thought maybe these two items just weren't good because they were cheap and happy hour things, so we decided to get a few other things. Big mistake. We ordered the sweet pea dumplings and a side of their sweet potato, brussel sprout, and bacon hash. The first thing I noticed was that the sweet pea dumplings were EXTREMELY small for the price ($9) and you only got four of them. I thought to myself that they better be damn good for that price. I first took a bite of the veggie hash, and was absolutely appalled. How do you ruin vegetables and bacon!? You drown it in disgusting spices, that's how. One bite and I immediately knew I was sending it back. Next we tried the dumplings. Thinking about it now, I don't know how I thought sweet peas inside of a savory dumpling would be a good idea. It was just weird. The sauce it came in was like an asian dumpling sauce...and sweet peas DO NOT pair well, flavor-wise, with asian flavors. I don't know who came up with this idea, and who taste-tested it and thought "mmm that's good", but they need to have their taste buds checked. We sent everything back and got dinner elsewhere. 
Everything else on the menu had a weird asian-flavored theme. I don't get it. What are you trying to do? Be edgy or something? Just serve food!
As for the drinks, I got a glass of happy hour wine (which was a very very small glass...even for the price) and my friend got the weird bloody mary thing with tomato water instead of tomato juice. I thought it was okay, but could understand why she hated it.First time here...we've been wanting to come for a while and tonight the stars aligned...very attractive decor...I had my go to drink...an old fashioned...the variations on these are to numerous to count...but this one is probably the closest to the recipe I've had...none of the ingredients overwhelmed, very tasty...kudos to the bartender for that...wife and I split the cheese platter...all the cheeses were tasty, the marmalade went well and the french(?) bread was charred nicely...then the long awaited hamburger came...cooked perfectly...I don't think I've had a burger that good before...made me want more! The side of fries were tasty...reminded me of McDonald fries...but better...and I mean that in the absolute nicest way! Perhaps the one word to describe the industry...is balance...all the ingredients were well balanced...none drowned out the other...and all you were left with was one good bite after another...bravo!Everything about this place was awesome. The happy hour is amazing. $3.00 local beers. Buck a Shuck. $1.00 Mac and Cheese things which comes with this awesome sauce. The look was amazing. This place is next to my childhood grade school so of course I wanted to go in and check it out. Guess what, I'll never do it again. Cause the day I went, I got the most neglectful and disrespectful bartender I've ever had in my life. It seemed to me that he went out of his way to ignore us, which I don't get cause the only thing we where asking for was you know, food, drinks, more food, more drinks. We weren't even trying to make small talk with this bartender cause it just seemed like this bartender was having a bad day. Which is obviously bad for you guys cause I don't think I'll ever come back. 
I totally recommend people to have their own experience of this place. 99% of the people that go probably won't have this same experience. I just wanted to tell you. Cause it's been about 4 day later and the service that I received is still annoying me. 
Best Regards.My fiance and I came here this weekend as part of our dinner and a movie date, and were so pleasantly surprised by our time at The Industry. (We were equally pleasantly surprised by Jurassic World 3D, but that's another review for another time...Oh Chris Pratt...) The restaurant is much larger than I was expecting, with a sizable bar, lots of tables, and a row of high seating that runs down the middle of the space. Although we almost exclusively sit at the bar when we go out, it was a beautiful night, so we opted for outdoor seating - plus, the inside was actually quite loud, even for us, so al fresco it was. 
The drink menu at The Industry does not play - they offer tons of beers and wine, plus have a pretty inventive and affordable cocktail menu. I was feeling adventurous and ordered something totally out of my standard beer wheelhouse (a Ginger Lemon Radler by Boulevard)  and it was amazing and my dude was very happy with the red wine he chose. Foodwise, The Industry has jumped on the gastropub bandwagon with a vengeance - think bar food meets comfort food meets ingredient from super left field. Case and point: foie gras PB&J (no, I did not order that.)
We started out with the fried mac & cheese balls, because, I mean, fried mac & cheese. Despite probably being a heart attack on a plate, these little guys were delicious and actually felt very light - they were crispy and creamy, but not greasy. Apparently we both felt like eating something raw after that would negate the calories, so I had the tuna tartare mini tacos and my other half had the beer tartare. Both were incredibly good, although I thought the tuna was a bit small and a bit expensive for what actually showed up on my plate. But I always appreciate an inventive and tasty menu, and The Industry definitely nailed it on that front.
The Industry is a great addition to this up and coming neighborhood and will surely only get better with time. We'll be back!I've been to the industry quite a few times. The service is great, food always comes out to my liking and delicious beer on tap! If you work in the industry, they give you 20% off, I always take advantage of that. :) It's great for date nights or if you want to grab a few drinks with your friends.Came here with some friends. It wasn't as crowded as I had expected for a Saturday night, but that changed quickly. Loved the atmosphere--nice bar, friendly patrons, golden oldies music, and definitely industrial with the metal tables. 
The food, on the other hand, left much to be desired. The menu can best be described a as eclectic. It boasts bahn mi sandwiches next to biscuits n gravy followed by dishes like mushroom cannelloni. I had the fish and chips (tempura-style) and my friends got wings and the mushroom cannelloni dish. My food wasn't nearly worth the $16 it cost me. The friend with the wings was the only satisfied customer at our table. The rest of us left and got takeout from Ruby buffet. 
This was a great place to meetup for drinks and conversation. They've got you covered on typical post/pre-movie snack foods (read: wings and fries). But not exactly the best place for a satisfyingly tasty meal.So I've gone back 3 times since my negative review. It's been much better each time.. The bartenders and servers have been great and the food has been good as well. They have some great specials going all the time. Happy hour $1 Mac and cheese croquettes are awesome. I'm glad my most recent experiences have been great and changed my feelings on the spot.. Since I live around the block.Great service, helped me pick out a perfect beer...Allahabad Black. Yummy burger/fries, wild boar ragu & loved the chocolate dessert.  Easy walk from IMAX!Ok I know what you're thinking-- another gastropub. But it's a good one. If this is your neighborhood bar-- you're one lucky bum. Mac and cheese croquettes? Yes. Part of the happy hour special?? YASSS. The kimchi tater tots were a lot more interesting sounding than tasting, but still fun. The burger was delicious and gone in two seconds. I like the range in prices for food, so you can get small stuff or go on and get fancy and get the large plates. I do like the atmosphere-- small, but not claustrophobic. Definitely worth a happy hour visit at least!Sat outside for dinner this past Saturday. Such a great find! Loved their extensive beer list; it was nice to see some different breweries highlighted. We split the oysters, watermelon and feta salad, and korean pork BBQ sandwich. Everything was excellent. Service was also wonderful. Will be coming back.I was running errands in the neighborhood and walked past this place quite by accident. I'd been hearing lots of great stuff about it and wanted to try, so I walked in. My impression was that this place does in fact live up to the hype. I had brunch there and the service was very good. I ate at the bar and the bartender was super-nice and very friendly and welcoming. They have a decent draft list--not very long, but there are some really nice selections on there. They also have a full bar, although I had a beer and didn't try any cocktails.
I ordered the shrimp and grits and although in some ways it is a simple dish, a lot can go wrong and I was pleased that everything about it was perfectly executed and showed some admirable technique on the part of the kitchen. The shrimp themselves were cooked just exactly right--still so tender and of course they were delicious Gulf shrimp with oodles of flavor. The grits were hearty and comforting without being heavy. They put two poached eggs on top and that was a heavenly yolky touch.
The decor is sleek yet homey and inviting. I'd definitely come back here for a dinner with friends or for drinks. I really felt that everything about my experience there today was on point.This is the Kraftwork of South Philly, and I mean that as a serious compliment.
My boyfriend and I stopped in here late on a Thursday night. We were quickly seated, given water and menus, and told about the specials.
The atmosphere is so cool. Well laid-out with interesting decor, it's clear that someone is paying attention to the details. The space doesn't feel crowded, and there is a variety of seating options - large tables, small tables, bar seating, and outdoor tables (though that stops at 9 or 10pm).
Beer list: a great selection of craft beers and "the usuals" for the uninitiated - I had a hard time deciding what to drink.
Menu: This is where The Industry doesn't get 5 stars. The meat-containing options on the menu are in line with pricing at similar places, but the vegetarian options are obscenely overpriced. My boyfriend had a cheeseburger, which was large (and tasty, apparently). It came with a mountain of really good fries that I selflessly helped him to conquer. My entree consisted of 3 sweet corn arepas with mushrooms, peppers, tomatoes, and a small dollop of creme fraiche. It was just okay, nothing amazing. Those ingredients in that quantity just don't add up to a $15 price tag. 
Overall, a great spot for beer-lovers, omnivores, and... trust fund vegetarians. I'll definitely be back for drinks.Food was meh! Nothing special to note nor anything horrific to report. It was all "fine". Drinks were nice enough with the exception of the bar having no blender so margaritas etc weren't possible. Real positive of this place is the staff. Attentive, friendly and efficient. If you find yourself in the area pop in for a drink! You won't be overwhelmed but you certainly won't be disappointed.New favorite place, hands down.  On Labor Day (and maybe it's a Monday thing?), they had $5 mimosas, beer-mosas, and Ghost of Mary - the menu describes it as a deconstructed Bloody Mary, our waitress explained it as veggie-infused alcohol.  It'll probably seem weird at first sip, but keep going - it's strangely good. 
Definitely a Monday thing is their burger and bubbles special - different burger each week, paired with beer or champagne, special price.  
On separate occasions I've tried the veggie scramble and duck confit hash, and both were fantastic.  The turkey bacon was nothing special but they prepared it as we asked (as crispy as humanly possible).  I tried my friend's falafel sandwich and it was stellar - who knew they'd do Mediterranean so well.
The menu's not terribly extensive, but I'll bet even picky eaters can find something that makes them happy, and more adventurous eaters won't be bored.  Prices are totally reasonable, the room is dark wood but lots of windows make it an inviting space, and the some of the staff make for delicious eye candy - win-win if you ask me.I came here after learning that the owner of Good Dog opened a new bar in South Philly. I have to say I prefer The Industry for it's cleanliness and ambiance. There is a lot of space between the tables and bar which you don't get at Good Dog. You can tell it is industry-themed, as they've posted bar rules everywhere. This is definitely a place for people who will respect the bar scene and not for rowdy sloppy crowds. 
They have a pretty good beer selection, and our bartender Mike was very friendly. We also ordered the bone marrow and lamb's neck gravy, which were delicious. I'll definitely be back for the lamb's neck gravy when it gets chilly in the fall!My mom always said if you don't have anything nice to say don't say anything at all. So I didn't. Until my third visit to Industry.
The space is fantastic: industrial, sexy, large, spacious (especially for Pennsport) and ample outdoor seating. The bar is pretty big, has a good selection and apparently draws a good crowd for quizzo.
For the first time, the service was fantastic -- our server was friendly, helpful and on the ball. In the past, service was super slow and vaguely surely. 
But the food is what's got me on the fence between 3 & 4 stars. The menu is huge with many appealing options. In past visits, I felt like I made the wrong choice: dumplings were small and flavorless, burger wasn't well cooked, eggs were lukewarm. 
But this time everything we ordered was stellar -- from the free coffee cake to the coffee my parent's raved about to the special (a Dutch baby which is basically a stuffed pancake, in this case with poached eggs  and fennel sausage), the BBQ Korean beef sandwich AND the biscuits with gravy. It all rocked. 
It did take awhile and it wasn't overly busy but I'll wait for something that good.
Which Is why I am torn. If I were just rating it on my visit last weekend, it would easily get 4 stars. And I'm cautiously optimistic about trying it again. Soon. So when I do, assuming it's on par with my recent visit, I'll, update my review with the extra star I feel like it will likely deserve.Delicious burger and seafood blt. Awesome beer list and great/friendly service! Will definitely be coming back soon!Average. Maybe slightly below. Definitely overpriced. After Pat Szoke left as the head chef, I started eating raw pancakes and food prepared by average line cooks. Great beers at a premium. Brunch is the best value, however, they need a standard bloody Mary on the menu. The ghost of Mary is a transparent version of the original that's inferior.
That being said....sit down late night, absorb the great service, pump the touch tunes juke box and crawl out the door. Average and expensive but really fun to drink there.Atmosphere is great, nice surprise for the neighborhood, but the food was pretty unfortunate.  Wish it was better...Great atmosphere, friendly staff & awesome bloody Mary's! For our first Philly dining experience this was fantastic. The breakfast tacos were ok, but the drinks and music and crowed were the real winning attributes! We will be back for sure!Good food, good beer, prices are a tad bit high , but the service makes up for any flaws this place might have.I couldn't disagree with the other review more. I too am stoked to have a place across the street from me. But after sampling the crispy pig ears, bone marrow, and steak frites, I was very happy. The cocktails seem to want to be speakeasy. But may need some tweaking. 
I sat at the communal table and within 15 minutes found myself chatting with blonde, twin doctors. So overall, I had a good time.
I look forward to many nights of stumbling back across Moyemensing.3 stars for the excellent customer service, but the food, meh. I came here for dinner and had heard good things about their fried chicken sandwich. It wasn't the hillbilly version, just their standard fried chicken "breast" sandwich. This chicken "breast" was thinner than a McDonald beef patty, making the 'sandwich' just a giant blob of bread dough. Also, the fries were cold. 
The Thai chicken salad was decent, and the falafel alright. The apple cobbler was a flavorful cup of mush.Fancy good food is a hard find. This place is great. The seafood blt is amazing. The brunch is to die for. Carmalized bananan pancakes fullfills my sweet tooth cravings and the shrimp and grits is the bomb. I do have to add that there coffee is very good. I will be coming back to enjoy brunch more often.Great neighborhood spot. We like almost everything on the menu but usually fall back on the burger, smashed chicken sandwich or one of their salads.   The happy hour and brunch are great as well.  Really just a really good place to go anytime for a bite or a drink ... Or bothThe first time I went, I was with a group of friends and we only had drinks. The service was great and the drinks were good. 
The second time I went with just my boyfriend on a Sunday before catching a movie. We ordered food this time and I was less than impressed. The BBQ sandwich I had was overly salty and dried out. For the prices being what they are, I really expected a bit better. The service the second time was abysmal. Now I know Sunday afternoon is a down time for bars and restaurants for the most part but my boyfriend and I waited for our drinks (a dirty martini and a beer) for over 10 minutes even though the bar was not busy- it took that long for our server to come back in from having his cigarette. Being a server of 12 years myself, I am extremely understanding but his attitude was poor from the start (which didn't seem directed at us for any particular reason) and then he took forever with the drinks and bill. I pride myself on tipping 20% as the MINIMUM but for this I had to go with a 16% tip just out of principle. Hope they can get their service and food back on track soon. I will not be returning anytime soon- there are just too many good restaurants in this city that have far superior food and service.Didn't eat during this visit, but enjoyed drinks in a unique atmosphere.  Staff was very friendly and offered advice on drink preferences and guided drink selection.I live nearby and have been here a handful of times since they opened. 
Pros: Food is good, waitstaff is on point and will take care of any issues. 
Once on brunch a pastry brush bristle was in my wifes meal we mentioned it to the waiter and they took the item off the bill. Beer menu is stocked with goodness and they do weekly specials.
Cons: A little pricey more so when you consider portion size to price. 
Definitely worth checking out.Neat little spot. 
Service was awesome! In spite of walking in with a very large group, our waitress was prompt and completely on top of things.  The food was ok, very average 'pubby' food although they had some interesting twists on sandwiches and a couple awesome appetizers (especially the mac and cheese croquettes and buffalo chicken meatballs).  However, sometimes all you want is just a plain ol' burger (with a side of really good fries) in a really friendly joint.My husband and I live near the Industry restaurant and wanted to give them business since we knew one of the owners. I must say that the service  acceptable. However, the food was down right nasty. I chose the burger which I thought would be very good since Good Dog is well known for an excellent one. The meat is of the brisket type and did not make for a tasty burger. It tasted like a crunchy bread sandwich that I could only muster two bites of. My husband had the shrimp sandwich which was subpar (to me it tasted like a nautical bread sandwich). On a positive note, our waiter was extremely concerned and offered another entrée when he noticed that I did not eat mine. I politely declined since I could not bear to eat another bite of their food. I really wanted to like this place because of it's location. It is a hip joint and could be wonderful if the food was not so putrid. I am sorry Industry. I will not be giving you any of my business in this economy. I would rather go to Royal.The atmosphere here is pretty good..the waitress was really nice. Great Beer selection. Had myself the "Mad Elf" on tap which was really good for only $5 plus they have speicals on drinks n food everyday..just check their instagram to find out what they will have that same day...Had the "Industry Burger" with bacon n fried egg...it was delicious but wish the sandwich bread was better like a "Hawthornes Cafe" bread...other than that....I like the place...would definitely come back again..This is our first time in Philadelphia and we randomly chose this restaurant as our first place out! We were a bit apprehensive at first because when we came in we didnt know where to go/sit or if there was a hostess, and when the girl who sat us did come upfront she was a little unsure and quiet.  However, that wasn't a big deal, and the waitress we had was very, very friendly and efficient.  The atmosphere is cool, but not a fan of the tables and seating arrangements. Slightly cramped. The food was AMAZING though. There was a slight wait with the food, but that was more than okay. It is actually nice to go to a place where they take pride in what they cook. You could really tell when our food arrived that the time was well spent on preparing a beautiful and delicious meal, and my husband and I loved that. The service wasn't rushed, it was relaxed and we had a great time.Really good food. What a tasty meal the chicken wings sauce was not that great and undercooked. The falafel was very nice and looked so pretty. It was perfectly crunchy and butterfly effected my Godzilla mood and was so awesome. The French fries are awesomeWe went last friday nite. it was not that busy yet.
we ordered the pork skin chicharon- i thought it was a little stale and I just thought that it will be fried freshly right on the spot.
Pork nuggets- the best one i didn't know that it was shredded pork inside 
mexican st corn- the best smokey corn ever. will order this one to go another time
general tso's chicken- i thought the taste is more like an orange beef sauce
will come here again to try other dishes in the menuThis place is great for brunch on the weekends. The food is consistently fresh and tasty and I've never had trouble getting a table, even with a large group. The servers are really friendly and attentive, but not overly so. My favorites are the fried green tomato salad and the shrimp with grits. So delicious! 
The only main complaint that I have is that there are very few vegetarian options. I eat fish but no other meat and prefer to stick with primarily vegetarian options when I eat out. I think it would be really great if they added a sandwich or burger to the menu that was vegetarian. It would also be nice to have some lower priced beer options.This is a great spot with friendly staff and always a solid beer list. I wish they had better meal options for a vegetarian---I always end up with a couple of apps, which are always delicious, but I'd go there more often if there was a delicious veg entree (NOT pasta!).I had a really good meal here. The buffalo sweetbreads were delicious, the beer list was excellent, and the service was great too. I also love that they have outdoor seating because there is not nearly enough of that in South Philly. This place is a great addition to the neighborhood.Really great steak frites, loved our server, too. The space has a great vibe.I pretty much stumbled upon The Industry by accident, but it was a happy one at that! We stopped in for brunch on a random Sunday after everywhere else we could think of was jam packed. Despite being very crowded, we were seated immediately by the friendly hostess. We were served a delicious, warm sticky bun in lieu of the tradition bread or chips as served at other places. I ordered the burger and the Ghost of Mary drink. My burger was so juicy and tasty, I couldn't believe it! I actually finished a burger for once! It definitely comes highly recommended. The fries were fantastic as well.
The Ghost of Mary was a disappointment to me. I understand the menu said deconstructed, but this tasted NOTHING like a Bloody Mary at all. There's no spice, no zip - nothing. It tasted to me like water had been poured into a glass where tomato juice had just been. It almost had a very boring salsa-y taste to it. I was pretty bummed about it. The drink was sort of refreshing, just totally not what I was looking for.
The decor in this place is really wonderful. I especially love the meat cleaver door handle! All of the staff we encountered were friendly and welcoming. Overall I highly recommend The Industry and will definitely be returning!After hearing many mixed reviews I finally made it to The Industry. It was okay. I liked the loud, noisy atmosphere, the mix of classic alterna-pop, and the beer menu. 
The food was a mixed bag: kimchi tater tots were lighter & tastier than I'd expected. The truffle dumplings were a little over the edge salt-wise but also savory-delicious. The fried green tomatoes got a little lost in breading, but the salad they came with was nicely dressed. 
My sandwich was no good, though. I got the house special Seafood BLT. If it's a special I feel it should be "special". I feel like that sandwich was thrown together without anyone even trying it before it landed on the menu. The bread was too large & too thick and the ingredients were lost inside. There was supposed to be aioli, but I only encountered a hint of it. The tomato was mealy & tasteless. While the mackerel was nice, it was no match for all of that bread. 
If I return it'll probably be for appetizers & beer.Awesome draught list. Great for groups. Cool neighborhood bar. Specials keep the menu updated.  Atmosphere casual and cozy.I love everything about this place.  The rustic meets industrial decor, the super friendly and sincere waitstaff, and the wonderful cocktails.  I didn't get to try any of the food, but the food menu items looked unique (Indian BBQ chicharrones and General Tsos wings) and the food coming out of the kitchen smelled delicious.  
From the moment I opened the door with the welded butcher knife handle, I knew I'd love this place.  Reclaimed wood paneled walls, industrial light fixtures with filament light bulbs, and a great cocktail list.  The Lucky Loser cocktail was fantastic with everything  you could possibly love- bluecoat gin, pimms cup, muddled mint and cucumber, and ginger beer.  I can't wait to come back here!Impressive local bar. My sister and I sat at the bar and didn't get much in the way of a bedside manner from the bartender, but we enjoyed the beer list and the names of the mixed drinks, and we split an order of the fondue fries which were delicious and exactly what we needed before heading to our final stop.