It's something about local Philly Coffee Shops. I love simply love em! Cozy and a quick hit of caffeine - that's what I am talking about. My Americano had strong bold taste - so that was good. 
* girl behind the counter, on Sat afternoon, you are the sweeeetest!
* is this my 3rd 4 stars in a roll? I'm on a streak of good places.I should have paid more attention to the other reviews complaining about a surly staff member behind the counter! Right, I really understand why you would be icily rude to a new, friendly customer who just ordered an expensive (overpriced) two coffee drinks (which were mediocre) and a couple of (similarly overpriced and low quality) food items. This place is sterile inside and has a couple of nice seats outside--but no such trivial "pro" as the latter is worth the horrid interpersonal con of counterperson attitude. The largely male clientele that I observe each time I walk by (and don't stop--too many great cafes in this nabe and Phila generally to waste time on these harpoons) tends toward the geriatric. Shocker. Karma, dudes. Enjoy.Good coffee? Yes.
Good cake? Yes.
Good hygiene?  No.*
*The last time I was in this place, I watched the barrista do the following bare-handed: roll up the dirty floor mats, sweep and mop under them, roll the mats back down, wipe her hands on her apron, take a person's order, handle cash, and toast and butter a bagel.  She didn't wash her hands, didn't use gloves, and didn't care.This is the closest coffee shop to our new place. It's generally pretty good for a cup of coffee. The space is clean and modern. As others have said, service can be iffy.I've only been here twice. It's good for what it's designed for, sitting outside with a coffee and studying. I used to take my alienware everywhere (which weighs 1000 lbs) now, I bring my little netbook and always plan to trench in for at least an hour... perhaps a little longer. Last time I went I got an iced mocha and it was okay, nothing super awesome (even though the customer service was super awesome, no sarcasm there). I sat down and saw I needed a password for the Internet. I went up to ask for it and she handed me my receipt with a 1 hour code. Had I suddenly time-traveled back to 1998 and walked in to a cyber cafe??? For a moment there, I thought so - I was tempted to sit down, dial-up and hear "You got frickin mail!" 
Apart from that, I don't know why, but the place feels too new and clean for my Philly cafe dreg expectations. I can't knock them for wanting to keep the place nice, but it reminded me more of a Californian joint than a Philly stop - in my opinion. 
Overall, the service was very friendly and it's the best sit outside cafe in Bella Vista.Good study spot, had a great hot chocolate. They had many small tables, though the place seemed to fill up as the afternoon went on. At the end of the seating area, there was a beautiful fire place (great on such a cold afternoon) and the barista was helpful. Although the wireless is free, I had to ask for a code and had trouble actually connecting - can't complain for a free benefit. I didn't eat but I'd gladly go back for food or drinks.The coffee here is always perfect. Never burnt, never cold or wayyyy to hot, Just perfect. The counter personnel is adorable and sooo kind and courteous. The service is quick and always with a smile. Thanks for making my coffee so enjoyable.  I mean you can go to a Starbucks and get old, burnt, and generally icky coffee or you could go somewhere where quality instead of quantity counts.Okay - I gave BE another go last week while down in the 'hood - and it was better.  I enjoyed my iced red eye - iced coffee with a shot of espresso - and a comfy table outside.
The way I define a coffee is not unlike how I define a beer - if the body and characteristics aren't my bag, then I just won't drink it often.  BE coffee isn't my favorite, but I'd come back at least for the awesome outdoor seating.Average coffee house . Little pricey for the items i purchased ( large iced coffee and a slice of pumpkin loaf)  ran me a little under 6.00 . 
They do have plenty of outlets and tables and outdoor seating if it still continues to be 80 degrees in Oct.i really like the coffee here and their selection of teas....i am glad to see that it is a dog friendly place so I can spend some sippin time with the pupCute place and dog friendly but the drinks weren't good. Not BAD per se but I've definitely had better quality drinks in other local cafes. Also only two people were working and the line took forever. Understaffed in my opinion.This is the hippest little coffee joint in town. Great coffee brewed fresh and a great overall vibe. I love the featured artwork (what up Corey!) and don't forget to get a pastry. Not much to complain about here.This is a nice coffee shop to order a bagel and a cup of coffee and be able to eat it inside w/out being surrounded by computers, hipsters, or dogs- also. the coffee tastes great. The staff are always friendly and I've never had to wait in line too long, but I would avoid peak hours because they do tend to get a lot of customers on the weekends (but that's a positive thing in my opinion!)
Special Note: They also have outdoor seating when the weather permits.I like this place and where its located. Its very quaint. They have a few sandwich options, including a good tomato, mozzarella and basil sandwich, but other wise the food is limited.In my quest to find another coffee house in Philadelphia I came across The Bean Exchange. The atmosphere of this place seems cool, the service was friendly, but it is unfortunate that the coffee was probably some of the worse coffee I ever had. My daily travels will most likely never bring me to this place again, if I should end up here again I am probably going to settle for a latte of some sought.I'm a little impartial to Bean Exchange, since I'm there constantly. But, I can't begin to say enough about why I love this place.
The staff is very friendly. On occasion they'll be a little slow, but not enough to really be a problem. They're interested in and quickly remember their regulars-- spend a couple of days in here and you'll be a friend of the house.
Coffee is a bit pricey, but generous. My cappuccino is always filled to the brim and sometimes over. The coffee is tasty, the espresso is dark and satisfying. 
Atmosphere is top-notch. The building is bright and beautiful, a really enjoyable place to spend an afternoon.They have Scrabble. Five stars.
Consistent coffee and a myriad of fixin's. Four stars.
A deal where if you put $25 on an account, they give you an extra $5 in credit. Buy one of their mugs (slightly too expensive) and you get refills for $1.35 (worth it). Buy eight (instead of 10!) and the next one is free. Five stars.
Service is either spot on or makes me want to apologize for stopping in. I don't care as long as I get my coffee. Five stars.Having passed by Bean Exchange so many times while walking through the neighborhood, I decided to finally try it out.  When I walked in, I noticed how the atmosphere of the shop was very laid-back, so I opted to sit outside as I was expecting a conference call and didn't want to ruin the calmness of the indoor environment.   I got an iced caramel latte and a chocolate chip cookie, and while the cookie was great, the latte still had a bit of a lingering espresso taste and not nearly enough caramel flavor.  Whatever, being as forgiving as I am, I'll come back and try some of their other beverages to see how they compare.I'm a tea drinker - so I can only review their teas.  They have a great selection of teas.  I tried their turmeric lemon tea - it was really good!  They have a cute fireplace - I'll have to go when it gets even colder.  Cozy ambiance with a nice selection of food and drinks.  I didn't have any trouble finding electric sockets for my laptop.Great coffee and good food.  Nice staff.
Dog-friendly.All i can say is...how rude! I was craving a coffee after delicious pizza from Nomad's and this place was close by.  It was about 6:40 pm Wednesday night.  The place looked empty from the outside.  There was no sign posted regarding hours hence we opened the door.  We quickly asked the barista if they were still open for business.  She said "well i guess so".  Either a place is open or not.  There is no in between.  We asked and she said they are open until 7pm.  Its not like we opened the door minutes before she closed.  There was ample time for her to make us drinks.  There were even 3 people sitting down, talking and on their computers.  I ordered double macchiato and i received a double disgusting drink!  NEVER EVER AGAIN!The shop itself is beautiful, and the employees were great, but I was not impressed by the coffee. I ordered a cappucino and the foam was perfect, but the espresso was TERRIBLE!  It didn't even taste like espresso - just like drip coffee.  
It's obvious the baristas know what they're doing, and I can respect that, but I likely won't be back, because the espresso was disgusting.  Disappointing due to the buzz this place has received.Man, it smells really good in here right now. And not like a coffeeshop either. It smells like I'm soaking in a mint and lavender infused bathtub. 
I'm sitting at one of their tables, typing away on my laptop, listening to the ex-couple next to me awkwardly get back together. They just kissed. That's gross. I think PDA is gross. 
Coffee here is served with speed, the ladies working here are quaint, and I've pirated someone's internet. It'd say this is a lovely place to work. They play music and right now it's tuned in to oldies. If you're a fan of quiet study, this may not work for you. 
On the other hand, they're dog friendly and someone I know just sat down with her dog for a few hours. There's also a patio area you can enjoy. 
S'all folks.How cute is this place?  Love the indoor seating, loved the extensive outdoor seating (lots of space) and enjoyed the coffee.  Great place to meet up with friends in a place that's got lots of atmosphere.atmosphere is great, whether in winter when you can sit by the lovely french doors, or in warmer months when it's all open to the sidewalk.  As a tea drinker and pastry eater, though, I've got to give this place lower marks than local spots like the Chapterhouse or even starbucks-- muffins are often stale, tea is not particularly strong or high quality.  Go shopping at the Tea House folks!This place is on my morning route, and hence my daily coffee stop. I don't drink anything more complicated than a latte, but as best I can tell they serve a great cup of coffee. Big plus for keeping the music at a low enough level where I can get some reading done both inside and outside. Also, super-friendly baristas.I was thrilled to find out I could bring my dog inside to enjoy a chai tea with me! 
The shop is clean, the tea was good, barista was nice, and the vibe was a-ok. 
It's always nice to to find dog friendly establishments in the city!As many reviewers have noted below, the service at this place is TERRIBLE. 
We've lived in the neighborhood for 6 years and always hope that the service will get better - still not the case. With the exception of one guy who worked there a couple of years ago, every barista/cashier offers up the bitchiest attitude - immature teenage angst style. Coffee and food are not worth commenting on.
To whomever owns this place: PLEASE clean up your act. Your coffee shop is a disservice to our lovely neighborhood.Just your regular neighborhood coffee shop. Nothing special. Service is anywhere from minimal mediocre (on a good day) to bad (their normal everyday it seems like). The only reason why I even give this place a 2-tar rating is for their sweet cheese danish and their chai latte - though they are not enough to bring me back. Can totally get those somewhere else. Seems like a bunch of college-graduated-who-still-don't-know-what-they-want-to-do-in-life-but-know-that-they-don't-want-to-serve-you work here. I work in customer service for almost 10 years now and never do I dare show up to work and do not at least flash even a fake smile to customers. You walk into work - leave your problems at the door! To the owner - retrain your employees please because clearly, I'm not the only one that feels this way!As far as I can remember, the coffee was fine, but this place takes the cake for the worst coffee shop food I've had in Philly. My mom, boyfriend and I ordered sandwiches. They were all pre-made, ridiculously small and way over-priced. I'd skip the food!Even though this is a coffee shop, they have a decent selection of tea, which makes a difference to me, since I don't drink coffee.  I have had many good experiences here, the most recent when I stopped in for a cup of earl grey and a large slice of jewish apple cake for breakfast.  That was some delicious cake.  My friend had a danish and a cup of iced coffee, which he also enjoyed.  A good place to be.Great addition to the neighborhood. I have a lot of guests visiting and they all stop in at Bean Exchange for a cup of coffee or a snack.. Raves all around. Their coffee rules - its home roasted. In warm weather the outside seating is very nice and plenty of shade for those hot summer days.$3 bucks for the most watered-down ice coffee I've ever sipped?  With simple syrup so weak that 2 tbsp barely registers on the sweetness scale?  With the music skipping in the background?  Ugh.  Epic coffee fail.  
If you're gonna charge premium prices, bring a premium product.
La Columbe has been known to add an espresso shot to their iced coffee to preserve the strength of the coffee and it costs less, just saying.My friend wanted to meet up here, so I went again.  
1) The handicap bar was hanging loosely off the wall of the bathroom.  This is disturbing, esp. given the terrible crime that was committed there.
2) I saw a fat mouse running around like it owned the place.
Disgusting.  This place has gone seriously downhill, which is a shame given how beautiful it once was.I LOVE the Bean Exchange!
First of all it is amazing that dogs are allowed, it makes things a million million times easier, to go get some coffee in the morning when you walk the dog! Plus there are treats there and they support PAWS! I have found myself there many times, when it is too hot to bear the non-air conditioned apartment I just go and read with the dog. Or sit outside on nice days, It's got lots of chairs and a bench for outside seating.
Great home made breads and other food. I love LOVE the pumpkin bread. Yum (although a bit expensive, but I undersand)
The coffee is also excellent. And the baristas are always friendly even with a line out the door.The friendly gal working the register at the Bean Exchange instantly endeared me to this coffeehouse. And the delicious iced tea (unsweetened, the way I like it!) didn't hurt either. The selection of pastries beckoned, but a full stomach halted any consideration therein.
The weather was mild so we took a table outside. If you're running low on battery juice, take the table inside near the far door. You'll still be able to catch a breeze while you re-charge. 
For folks who like a relatively quiet environment in which to work, the Bean Exchange will suit your needs nicely if you head there mid-day.Coffee is good. They run out of their more delicious muffins very early in the day, and are generally left with cranberry walnut, which I guess loads of people don't love. It's particularly annoying, bc the breakfast sandwiches are nothing to yelp from home about. 
Service is slow due to one employee per shift, and swings wildly in terms of friendliness. I'm not saying any names, but the blue-eyed tall girl with the sprinkling of tattoos doesn't seem to want to be there, or see you, or make your coffee. Overall, certainly gets the job done if you're smack in their radius. I am an in-and-out sorta joe, so the experience may vary if sitting down. Appears relaxing enough for morning and daytime stuff. No cozy chairs, etc.You know those people that are ALWAYS running late?  They show up to the office at 9:05, red-faced and panting because they sprinted to make it there by their own lenient standards of "on-time"?  Well, that's me.  So, unfortunately, despite the fact that I live exactly one block from The Bean Exchange, I rarely can make it there before work in the morning.
The weekends, though, are a completely different story.  This has become my absolute favorite hang-over go-to spot.  Their Chai Lattes are perfect!  Sitting at their nice outside tables, pretending to read but actually people watching, sippin my latte... doesn't get much better than that!**
If it's too hot outside, just stay in their insanely air conditioned shop at one of the 5 (or so) small tables.  Their interior is tasteful and sophisticated, and they allow dogs in!
**It's probably good that this is only a once or twice a week treat.  $4.60 for a medium sized drink is kinda steep...An absolute godsend of an addition to the independent coffee houses that dot the city, with in-house roasting that - dare I say - smokes La Col. I started buying my beans here a month back and haven't even contemplated making the switch back.
The owners did one helluva job remodeling this corner property, and with a multitude of seating options and some wickedly good biscuit sandwiches in the A.M. hours, I haven't called out Sabrina's name in quite some time.Love The Bean Exchange. They're independent and open at 6am. Most other places don't open until 7. They have a little card I can add to my keyring that keeps track of free coffees I've earned, plus $ can be added to my account for when I don't have cash on me. They have house blend and a coffee of the day, some of which is roasted by the owner. Beautiful, open space that used to be a derelict corner. They're good neighbors with good coffee. Very non-scene. We go every day. And they have dog treats too!Coffee - Decent
Food - Pretty Solid
Service - Extremely short/rude
Hygiene - TerribleWho plays screamo at a coffee shop? There are SLEEPY PEOPLE here. Also, who doesn't melt the cheese on an egg and cheese? Totally underwhelmed, there are way better alternatives in the neighborhood.I have definitely seen a sincere improvement and effort from the staff at this place.  So much so that I occasionally change my morning route to work to swing by and pick up a coffee here.This is as close to perfect as a coffee shop gets.  
Positives:
- They accept credit cards with no minimum (and don't make you feel guilty about it.)
- Kids, dogs and barristas co-exist peacefully.  (It's very dog AND kid friendly, without being obnoxious on either count.)  
- Great coffee, great pastries (croissants!) and bagel sandwiches.
- They have a customer rewards deal complete with little tag to put on your key chain: buy 8 coffees get one free.
- Barristas remember you, remember your order and are not pretentious!
- The tables are big and sturdy, and the space has plenty of light. In the sumer the floor-to-ceiling windows are opened.  It's nice!
- Generally speaking, the music isn't loud, distracting or too avant-garde that the average patron won't enjoy it.  
- Free internet; you just have to ask for an internet code. 
Not-so-positives:
- It can get crowded on weekend afternoons.
- There is sometimes a line on weekday mornings that moves slower than you'd like if you're trying to catch the bus right outside.
- Internet expires after an hour; you don't have to buy something else to get a new code, but you do still have to go up and ask for one.  
There ya have it.   In my personal opinion, this place blows Chapterhouse out of the water for its friendliness, inclusive neighborhood vibe, great coffee and big tables for studying.  Even my dog gives it 5 Stars!Friendly staff, interesting clientele, free refills on coffees, airy inside, free wifi, and tastey snacks... What more can you ask for in a coffee shop? Spent the past two days there finishing my dissertation. Thank you to the entire staff.I went here once and ordered a cappuccino and something called a latte which cost me close to $10 (I tasted them both and guess what -- they're the same.) 
I don't really like coffee and when I do drink it, it's strictly for its pharmacological effects. I take it black; black as darkest night, and it would be at a diner where you get like 3 cups for $0.34, not. . .here.I love walking here on nice days and leisurly enjoying the cozy atmosphere, delicious breakfast sandwiches and treats and above all, wonderful coffee. (It's a great place to get work done as well). Although kids and dogs are welcome it is never loud or crazy.I love this place. Its actually further from another coffee shop near me at 6 and christian. But BE barista's are so sweet & welcoming to me and my doggie Finn-- I enjoy walking him the few extra blocks instead. They are always sure to say hi to him & make sure I am aware there are treats if he wants one. I always try to use cash but we all run out and unfortunately they have to manually enter it ( I always feel like I am holding up the line)-- sometimes i avoid it if I am out of cash. Love you BE, but wish you would update this system!I had the most amazing experience with one of their bagel sandwiches recently.  This is my sisters favorite place to go so we stopped in for a coffee and light breakfast snack.  She got a cheese croissant, and I got an everything bagel toasted with cheese, tomato, and basil.  It had so much flavor.  I can't wait to try and make this myself since I don't live close.  :)I've tried this place a couple times wanting to give rude cashier the benefit of the doubt. Confirmed she is permanently rude. She manages to make me feel like I ruin her day by going in there. Average coffee, terrible bagels. I wish this wasn't the closest coffee place to my house. I sent a couple of my house guests there this morning and the woman was criticizing their order.  Won't be returning anytime soon. Better service would go a long way.I'm classy, lol. The only drink I order from any coffee shop is the americano. I think it's really hard to screw that up. it's simple, it's just express and a little bit if water. Well, apparently, the guy that took my order didn't know how to make it. He gave regular brewed coffee and added 8oz of cold water. I had coffee flavored water. That turned me off!!! I didn't make any complaints. I'm just not going to order americanos here again.Another one of my favorite coffee shops in the city.  Cool place on and in a nice corner property.Great neighborhood coffee spot. The coffee is delicious and the parade of dogs that come in and out of the store beats people watching any day. The staff is friendly and knowledgable about their products. Not a lot of seating but when I went there at 10 on a Saturday there were plenty of open seats. It seems more like a place to grab coffee on the go then to linger for hours. Near the register there is a lot of fresh baked goods that I haven't tried but look delicious. Next time the pumpkin bread is mine!I found the coffee here completely flavorless. With several truly great coffee houses now in Philadelphia (Ultimo, Spruce Street, Bodhi), this place needs to up their game. Or maybe just source better coffee.The coffee is good but the service is horrible. The music is deafening. It's Sunday, how about a little peace and quiet and some decent customer service.  Food selection is limited and served with the charm of a gestapo prison guard.   Great decor  but in serious need of re-staffing.I go here daily to get my coffee every morning.  They are fast w/ the order, friendly and have a good variety of daily blends.  I'm blessed to have such a great coffee place in my neighborhood.  The pasteries are all very good and they have always been fresh.  The free wi-fi is great.  Don't forget to ask for a frequest guest card to accumulate a free drink.Coffee is good. Decor is nice. However a smile or thank you from the staff would earn them a five star from me.Stopped in here on my trek from Washington Avenue after dropping off my car for an oil change.  I got an iced coffee, it was fine, nothing spectacular, but what's up with the plastic cups they use.  They are super flimsy.  I was trying to put the lid on after adding some cinnamon, and the cup cracked down the side resulting in a huge coffee mess.  They were nice about bringing me a towel and a fresh cup, but I was super embarrassed, and it was definitely not a great start to the day.  Another customer was standing there and she said it's happened to her too.  Otherwise, seems like an ok place, but just needs better cups.I live right across the street from Bean Exchange (I heard a rumor that they don't like the "The"), and I will probably never go there again.  We waited and waited for them to open, hoping to become regulars and on a first name basis with the baristas.. like on Cheers, but with coffee instead of beer.  I went in a few times after they opened, and I did get a very pleasant feeling from the staff, but the coffee is just god awful.  It gives you that awful bad-coffee-stink-breath for the rest of the day.  
The place isn't all that homey, either.  Especially since there ARE homey cafes in the neighborhood, this is the kind of cafe that people who don't care about what kind of coffee they drink go to.  People who just want to be sitting somewhere with their laptop, which is fine, but that's not me.Here's the reason to come here: the coffee.  Is.  Fantastic.  Like, the best.  Evar.  I've never had an espresso-based drink, but the drip coffee is so, so, so good.  I've tried other coffee shops nearby, but the coffee at the Bean Exchange is far and away the best around.  
Apart from that compelling reason, the coffee shop is also very pleasant -- nice atmosphere, decor, lots of outdoor seating.  And the baristas are all very nice.  
But, you could take away all that other stuff, and I'd still come here every day for a cup of coffee.  Sigh.As you approach the Bean Exchange Coffeehouse and see the golden letters painted on the overhanging sign, you feel as though you're about to be a part of history. Modeled after the original London Coffeehouse, this store still has the look and feel as that from 19th century America. You'll notice after you enter that while they may have kept the classic style, there are plenty of modern touches, making the Bean Exchange a perfect marriage of old and new. There are shelves of bound books against the far wall, while people busily type in their notebook computers in the cafe, connected to the provided WiFi. 
The morning I came in for a visit, I was greeted by the sound of hearty blues music, which was just perfect for the mood at that time. The staff was attentive and friendly. The first thing they asked was whether it was for here or to go, which was a welcome change to being immediately handed a paper cup of something. After saying that it was for here, I was asked about my needs for wireless service. I expect more businesses to follow this example. 
I was handed a mug of the drip, which was labeled on the chalkboard as the "Kenya" blend. Talk about an excellent cup of coffee. The brew was full-bodied and refreshing, with a delicious smoky savor and citric notes indicative of where the coffee had been grown. After taking a few sips, I noticed the robust aftertaste that stays with you long after you set down your mug. 
The cafe is a very intimate setting, as you'll be seated elbow-length from the person sitting next to you. You most likely hear every word of the discussion between the people at the neighboring table. This is the only drawback to this fine coffeehouse: limited, cramped seating. Coming up to get a free refill on my coffee, I heard a couple complaints from some patrons that there was no where left to sit indoors on that chilly winter day. Aside from the squeezed cafe, the Bean Exchange Coffeehouse is practically perfect as a place for a fine cup of coffee. If only there were more of them.Philly is a town of coffee shops.  Everyone has got their own favorite coffee shop that they frequent.  Bean Exchange is not my regular coffee shop.  It's not that its bad, it's just out of the way for me.  The store itself is very clean and cozy.  The inside kind of has a living room feel to it, not like some hip modern coffee shops.  In the summer theres a good amount of outside seating.  I can see hanging out at the bean exchange if i lived by there.
Truthfully, I am not a coffee snob.  I would like to think I can taste bad coffee, but once it hits a certain level of quality, it's all the same to me.  Therefore I cannot rate the bean exchange's coffee with anything more than, it tasted good enough for me.
So you may be asking, why does the bean exchange get 4 stars?  Well, like every other week or so, I go to the bean exchange to play board games.  Sounds nerdy, right?  The Philly Light gaming Club meets at the bean exchange about every other Sunday.  We basically take up like half the tables in the place for most of the afternoon.  I appreciate the fact that the bean exchange lets them run a game night out of their shop.  They're friendly and and they usually throw some snacks our way too.  If you're walking around the bean exchange on a sunday afternoon and you see about a dozen or so people playing board games feel free to take a seat, drink some coffee, and play some board games.Great local coffee shop. Coffee drinks are great, iced or hot. I've also enjoyed some of the flavored, unsweetened iced teas.  Pumpkin bread, biscotti, flaky almond croissant and egg bagel sandwich all tried; all yummy.
Great addition to the neighborhood. Outside seating is a great lure. Free wi-fi. The sandwich boards and Drink of the Day board inside are always hilarious.What's so great about this place?  Sure, it's beautiful and an architectural feast for the eyes.
But, this is no coffee shop.
For mediocre and overpriced coffee, just walk a few blocks over to Starbucks (which, actually, is more affordable than Bean Exchange).  Even the iced tea is expensive here (almost three bucks).  
To top it all off, the girls who work there are surly and slow.  I think Bean Exchange is only in business because it has a great location and decor.This is a fantastically cozy little coffee shop located in the lovely Queen Village area. I had walked past this place about a gazillion times until my husband turned me on to the fact that they make one darn good cup-a-joe. We went in recently on a brisk autumn afternoon, hoofing it back from Center City all the way to our home in what I like to refer to as the "deep South" of South Philly. This hike is quite the trek that you have to be, #1: absolutely, unquestionably motivated for and #2: an owner of an insanely comfy pair of shoes. Our saving grace on this particular day was a piping hot cup of freshly brewed coffee and a chocolate-covered Rice Krispie treat from The Bean Exchange. We walked the rest of the way home, caffeinated and chewing on marshmallowy goodness. The atmosphere isn't my favorite, as I prefer the comfy seating in a place such as Chapterhouse, but to each his own.The Bean Exchange and I have parted ways for good. Order: 4 shot iced espresso in a large cup with room for soy, long shots. Given: four normal shots iced in a small cup. Next? Barista accused me of making an iced latte and only paying for shots, then shakes her head and rolls her eyes when I said that I asked for long shots.  Result: Give me a refund and here is your frequent buyer card back, I am going to Charterhouse.  
This place has been going downhill quality and customer service wise for a few months.  Today was the last draw.  I am done with inconsistent quality and with being accused of making a latte out 4 iced shots with milk.  Considering that I don't drink hot lattes, why would I order iced?
Yes, I did ask for a refund. Yes, I pitched the frequent buyer card.  Yes, I am done with this place.I typically go here on occasion to look at cute boys while catching up on some paperwork.  It's a cozy place to grab a cup of coffee.  One of the last time I was there though, one of the girls handed me a mess of a cup of mocha... foam all over the lid and running down the sides... "sorry" she said as she handed  it to me... really?  
Update:  I have been here multiple times since my last review... and since then I've had no complaints... in fact I got work done and enjoyed my ice coffees over the summer months. So this morning I wake up thinking I'll add another star to my review... but then I go and get my ice coffee and it happened again!!!  My iced coffee was covered with liquid as the barista hands it to me with a smile... I spilled it all over my dress as I'm trying to clean it off.  No extra star for you Bean Exchange.I recently found myself in Philadelphia, needing to kill time while my mom had a multi-hour doctors appointment.  I ordered up a latte' which was absolutely delicious.  If you need internet, they give you a code on a receipt that you plug in for an hour of free internet.  After that though, you either have to buy something else, or ask someone in line to get one for you.
I will take this opportunity to say that if you are going to offer "free wifi", just make it free.  Not that hard.
Anyhow, I sat here for 2 and a half hours, mostly photoshopping and organizing pictures.  The atmosphere was nice.  Really tall windows, so the cafe was really well lit.  Both the young girl and the older gentleman behind the counter were professional and efficient.
I can see myself coming here again the next time i'm in Philly needing to kill time.I walk by this place on a near-daily basis, but have yet to go in.
Well I finally did today because their sandwich board touted new hot ciders for fall, and I'm a sucker for a good cider.
To my dismay, they were out of the caramel cider, but the friendly barista suggested a pumpkin spice cider which sounded delicious-- and it was! To accompany my cider, I got a pumpkin cupcake which I am currently still nibbling on and it's very moist and tasty and the icing is creamy and not too heavy. 
I would love to update this review in the future once I've tried more coffee drinks here, I will definitely be back sometime soon.I went in today to order two shots of espresso over ice. The woman handed me my order in a paper cup with a lid. Strange, as most iced beverages are offered elsewhere in a plastic cup. I asked for a plastic cup, and the woman sighed and said she GUESSED I could have one, as long as I wasn't going to make my own Iced Latte...I told her that the AMAZING coffee house I usually frequent, actually told me that if I prefer to add my own milk, in any combination, to just order two iced shots. (I like to mix mostly soy, with a touch of half and half, and would prefer not to bother someone else, when I can just do it myself.)  So when she saw that I was annoyed, she said I could have the plastic cup as long as I didn't fill it all the way to the top. Really, your going to tell me how much MILK I can use?!  Right...because Starbucks or Red Hook (Amazing btw) or any other place in the city is going to tell a customer how much milk they're welcome to use. How about you keep your damned milk, and I go somewhere else and buy coffee. Ridiculous. I will never go in there again.UPDATE and PREFACE: I wrote this review earlier today and the owner of Bean Exchange responded to what I wrote (it's listed as another review of the cafe). Having read his/her explanation, I would advise that you ignore what I wrote regarding the "rat," or at least put it into perspective. I was just alarmed when the incident (described below) occurred, that's all. I find this cafe to be a pleasant, warm place to enjoy good coffee and cookies, and I don't want any harm to be done to the Bean Exchange's business, which has brightened up my neighborhood. Thanks.
---------
This place is in my neighborhood and it's decent. I don't usually drink coffee but I had their hazelnut hot chocolate and they were able to make it with soy instead of regular milk at my request. It was pretty good. The staff seem nice and helpful, and you also get free wireless but have to request a wireless receipt with your purchase in order to gain access. (The receipt has an access code on it). They also have an outdoor terrace with a few tables, which is great for beautiful days.
One word of warning, though: this cafe has a problem. I was there yesterday for a few hours and suddenly one of the girls behind the counter shrieeeeked at the top of her lungs, alarming all of us customers. She said that a rat had run across her foot and escaped down to the basement. This happened right behind the counter! I know that this is Philadelphia and rodent problems are common in any city. I don't mean to trashtalk em at all, but I thought people should know this. When that happened I had already finished my hot chocolate and said to my husband, "I'm not gonna order anything more" and kept studying. 
When I used their bathroom (which is quite clean by the way), I kept an eye out for a rat, but that's just how I am. :-)
But uh.... other than the rat issue... Bean Exchange sho is charming. :-\This is my favorite place for summer iced coffee, for two reasons: 
1) I swear super-smooth and delicious. Not quite cold-brewed, but way better than the overcooked stuff many places serve. 
2) They have little packets of International Delights French Vanilla creamer, which make your coffee taste like a milkshake. 
I also love the atmosphere. It's small, but feels airy because of the big windows. A great spot to sit gaze out at the street.I really like this place.  It's not Starbucks, so that's a plus.  I've been here many times to read, study, or do nothing.  Clean establishment and nice decor.  Not cramped like other coffee shops.  Nice table to do work.  Great coffee.  Nice staff.  You can't beat the free refills when you're in the for the long haul.My only complaint is how they seem to randomly close. Like on a holiday weekend when everyone has off from work they closed at 4:00....the place was packed at 3:30 doesn't seem like a wise business decision. Other than that it's a cute little place to relax & get coffeeBean Exchange is my go-to spot. Its competitors in the area (Chapterhouse, Red Hook, Philly Java Co., The Bean) are all good but not better than BEX. Love Shot Tower's coffee, of course, but when it comes to convenience, atmosphere and friendliness, BEX is where it's at!I have been here plenty of times and the experience all depends on who is working at the time you are there. There are a few employees who are AWESOME and I tip them EVERY TIME because they make my day better in an INSTANT and that is what great customer service is all about. It makes me forget about the fact that the place is ridiculously expensive for mediocre coffee (and other drinks).
There are at least two employees who are clearly miserable about life and make you want to throw your own coffee at them because they can be very rude. I don't think anyone has the right to complain about not being tipped. People receive tips for GOOD SERVICE, and it shouldn't be an expectation that you get a tip despite a piss poor attitude. 
I'll still go here when I feel like ballin out cause I have nothing better to do than dish out a ton of money on coffee.The consummate 4-star.  The owner's cool.  Outdoor seating with big door windows to give the inside and outside feel.
Things to note:
* accepts credit cards
* ask for an internet code to get on the internet for an hour.  
* 1 free refill, just ask.
* recession special: $5 = medium coffee + egg&meat bagel
* recession special: prepay $20-25 and they'll add $5 to your card 
* recession special: buy 8 coffees on your card get one free (somehow the first recession special helps extra towards this).
Bottom line: A nice place nicely run.Everything about this coffee shop is fine by me. As other writers have pointed out, the building is super cool, so it's worth stopping by for a cup o' joe just to check it out. Also, the bathrooms rule, and I don't joke around about something that important.
My latte was made to perfection by a friendly chick who was quick on the draw and had a sense of humor to boot. And she didn't kick us out when we'd been sitting around tippity-tapping on our laptops (free Wi-Fi with your purchase!) for a bit.
If only it were a true bean exchange...wouldn't it be awesome if you could actually pay for your morning or afternoon jolt with some legumes? Seriously, I'd be there every ding dong day if that were the case.This place is only a couple of blocks from my houe, but I hadn't been there before the other day. I was there late-ish on a Thursday night for a tutoring session, and it was quiet and welcoming. The coffee was great, and the pumpkin bread I had wasn't bad either. The guy who was working was friendly and nice to talk to.I go to the bean exchange nearly every day. They have a wide selection of coffee and tea drinks, pastries and fresh mad sandwiches. Jessica (the woman who works there, alone, most of the time) is one of the coolest people I have ever met. She remembers her customers names and is always so sweet to everyone. She has a personal connection with all of the regulars and is constantly doing things to thank you for your business. They experiment with fun drinks of their own creation and ask you what you like and dont like. I love this place and no matter where I live in Philly I will always go here.
Dog friendly!!
Reload able rewards card system!