Just got my delivery of honey BBQ wings, a sampler, and whole cheese steak. Quick service delicious choice for a lazy day. 
Wings were really meaty and saucy. Bonus
Sampler came with a little bit of everything. Bonus is the variety of sauces to dip with. Thank you!
Cheese steak - was jot my meal but from the look of it the bread was freshly made as described by other yelpers. 
This place is a neighborhood gem. Glad I found it!!!!A local favorite.  I get consistently good food every time I eat here.  Nice staff. Great chicken tender.  Great buffalo chicken cheesesteak.  I'm never disappointed with my food when I order from Fresh Works.I don't know what happened to this place but it used to be our goto. Sampler platter is amazing milk shakes great but any flounder or crabcake just not good always so frozen tasting. I'm not expecting a 5star meal but come on! Still continued to order despite the old grease taste and freezer burn. Switched to key pizza. Would like to try again considering the reviews. Kinda iffy about this place.The best in the area for cheesesteaks. They bake their own bread daily. 
The location is a little hidden, and it is set back inside a fenced area. However, it is also next to a beer distributor making it very, very convenient.  
I like the cheesesteak with mushrooms best but my boyfriend raves about the buffalo chicken cheesesteak. We frequently get cheesesteaks as takeout and rarely do delivery seeing as we only live a couple blocks away. Our orders are always ready promptly if not early. They also sell a variety of cakes by the slice which is great if you just want a little taste.The cheesesteak hoagie is so good! The buffalo chicken cheesesteak is so good! The cheese fries are so good! And it's so good for you! Just kidding. But they deliver and what are you trying to live forever?So close to my new house.  So much fried goodness.  Danger!
The large cheesesteak is basically a meal for two.  Or 2+ meals for yourself if you're greedy and gluttonous.  So far, the steak is the only thing I've tried.  The meat is good, and it seems less greasy than a lot of other places, but don't let that fool you into thinking it's better for you.  It's still a cheesesteak.  
I ordered to go, but the guys inside are nice and the place is pretty pleasant despite being in a weird beer distributor back lot behind the Hollywood Tan.  
Look forward to trying the other menu items when I'm too lazy to cook at home.  So close by!super customer service from the time i placed my order on the phone ending with picking up my food.  businesses have to understand that the food can be great but a bad experience with customer service can turn people off.  but the guy who took my order & took care of me at pick up was awesome.  staff were hustling filling orders not missing a beat.  rolls that steaks and hoagies come on are so damn good!!!!  chicken cheesesteak was great!  fries crispy!  did i mention the rolls?????  the best!We got a flyer/menu from Fresh works this week and feeling both end of week exhaustion and adventurous we decided to get some food delivered.  We ordered a cheese steak hoagie, roasted pork sandwich and chicken wings.  I generally order my wings dry, because I hate them drowned in sauce.  It also shows the quality of both the chicken wing and the cook on it.   My chicken wings were so overcook there was absolutely no moisture left in the poor bird.  The wings came with wilted, browning celery sans a side of blue cheese, but with a half pint of honey mustard sauce.  Aside from the bread, which was good, the meat in both sandwiches was tough and the provolone cheese that I paid extra for was missing. .  Maybe it was a bad night or a busy one and the food was rushed.  Regardless, We won't be ordering again.Great value and awesome fresh food. Chicken cheesesteaks are really great. Fresh bread for the rolls are delicious. Very fast for pick up and the guy the works at the front is really nice. Salads are the only thing I've had that I didn't care for because of the iceberg lettuce.Sunday to Wednesday Madness.... Buy 2 halves (which are really a whole hoagie), get a 3rd free.
Their food is great. The only place I will order a hoagie from, actually!
I'm not a fan of their cheesestreaks but the rest of my family loves them.
My favorite menu items: buffalo fingers, tortizzas and roasted pepper italiano hoagie (with hot peppers, duh).
Great staff too!!Decided to change to 4 stars because they make their bread and it's actually the best place in the area if you order it there. The fries are gdlk
Don't ever ask for delivery. It took too long and the food was all cold.If been eatring at the works since I was young. Always love it. We order from here very often and they never seem to disappoint. Super good cheese steaks todayJust got a really good buffalo chicken salad. It was very fresh. The fried mushroom Poppers were good too. I didn't like the sauce they came with though.
Will order from again!Who doesn't like the works?! When it comes down to ordering food, i always choose the works. Their wings are meaty, the sandwichs are delicious, and their milkshakes are pretty good as well.This place has really good food. It's right around the corner from me and I've ordered from there a few times and I never had a reason to complain. The food comes out really fast and they have an awesome selection of things on their menu. The people who work there are also the friendliest you'll find, when I was stranded without my cell phone and I needed to get to work, not only did they let me call a cab but they also let phone into my job to let them know I was going to be late. I was a mess and they really extended their hospitality to me when a lot of places would have told me to get lost. Hands down, this is not only a great place to eat but they've got the best staff around.I feel like it's hard to find good delivery... but we finally found it. The sandwiches are delicious, served on fresh baguettes. We've had salads, a chicken parm sandwich, a chicken cheesesteak and fries. Always hot, always fresh. And they have great coupons! Free French bread pizza? Yes please. Hands down the best delivery in the neighborhood for sandwiches and such.I ordered food along with coworkers and it arrived an hour and a half later. Not good. 
Everything was cold and hard. 
I had cheese fries. Cheese fries must be eaten with the half hour. I don't understand why it took so long to arrive. They had molded into one gigantic cheese fry. Disappointing. 
It's a shame because whenever I go in person it's amazing. 
When was nearing lunch time everyone in the office said they wanted Slacks hoagie shack. 
I don't like that place. The bread is too hard and the menu is basic. 
I convinced everyone to order from TFW only to have everyone be dissatisfied and throwing the food out half eaten. None of them ever want to eat there again. Lol
Idk if I should give a one star from horrible delivery timing or 5 stars from knowing how it is in person. 
I will not be ordering delivery again.If you are driving fast you'll drive right past this place.  Its a small local deli located in a strip of stores that are perpendicular to the street. I had their Italian hoagie for lunch and I really enjoyed it.  I will be back.A neighborhood gem when compared to other sandwich shops! I much prefer this spot over Slack's Hoagie Shack.
The menu is a hit-or-miss for me (hits being the wings and Italian hoagie and misses being the cheesesteak and fries). (Some of my friends adore my least favorite menu options, so it's likely just a matter of taste and not at the fault of the shop.)
In addition, service is courteous and friendly. We once ordered take-out, and they forgot to include one of our sandwiches in the bag. We called, and they had the sandwich delivered to our home. More than made up for the mistake! 
Thanks for being a great neighborhood joint.Best hoagies ever! I'm from NE and this Works is just as good as the one up there. Turkey hoagie, cheesesteak hoagie, and Buffalo chicken salad are the best things on the menu! Try their sharp provolone, it's awesome! Also, quick, fast, and friendly delivery. And all the people who work there are very fast, courteous, and nice.Due to the crappy attitude of the manager, I'll never order from here again. Huge bummer because I love their food and have been a fan since I moved to the area a few years ago.The bread... oh the bread!! Never soggy (even sitting in the fridge for a day) and so delicious. They make croutons with it too. This is my new favorite place for cheese steaks and hoagies. Not extremely greasy and stuffed with just the right amount of meat and ingredients. And for the dressings...they serve kens!! Mmm, I love kens dressings. Lolokay, I'm giving this place four stars because they were great. the food was delicious (even though it was simple - french bread pizza, chicken tenders, pierogies) and I think it's a little hidden treasure for decent american-style delivery around here. the delivery driver was polite, and even came up to the door, which no one seems to do anymore! we'll definitely get food from them again, and I'll post an update!  also, the prices are awesome.service is so inconsistent for example I asked him if I can get barbecue and hot sauce mixed for my wings every time there's never an issue last week and today they said they don't do that ..well thanksI ordered a few days ago and I have to admit their cheese steaks are very delicious and their bread are very soft as they bake their breads freshly every day.  Downside I find this place to be a little too pricey than the average places I normally from.The bread was extremely fresh and tasty. Even the Pepsi was delicious. I thoroughly enjoyed my sandwich.I ordered a turkey and cheese wrap from the works I didn't like it only had two pieces of meat on the entire wrap the cheese was to thick it's really just packed with lettuce. Let alone they gave away my order to someone else so I had to wait an additional 15 minutes for them to remake my wrap. I would not suggest to anyone.Definitely the best take out food in Port Richmond.  Their bread really makes the sandwich here...I especially love their cheesesteaks, chicken parm, and tuna hoagies.
They have great coupons on their menu too, free sandwich Sunday through Wednesday, free french bread pizza, etc.
Staff is very friendly and deliverly is quick.
It's a little hidden behind a beer distributer, but definitely worth the hunt!Think I'm going to slip into a food coma after that tuna hoagie. Ridiculously awesomely good.
Staff are stuff friendly.Love it here. The cheesesteaks are definitely one of the bests & my gf loves the chicken wraps. One of the fastest delivery times too. Will definitely order here all the time!OMG.  Terrible. I've given them 3 chances.  
Sandwich was nothing out of ordinary. 
Perogies are not as good as frozen from the grocery 
Cheap shot made with nasty carrot cake.  Foam frosting
Processed cake. 
20 dollars later.  
Do not order from here!Revising my review after revisiting.  I gave it a 2-star based on a bad experience, but it seems to have improved.  First of all, the service is always good and friendly.  The steak sandwiches are not the best, but they are better than the two nearest competitors, Wawa and Slacks.  The biggest complaint is that their rolls are skinny, but they do pile them pretty thick.  
The fries are awesome.  I had one bad experience where they were cold as ice and soggy, but generally they are terrific. And the best thing there is the homemade cookies at the checkout--they are awesome!  
In summary, good, but  not great.  Probably the best in the neighborhood--Port Fishington is not the best area in Philly for steaks and such.The food at Freshworks is absolutely delicious! The staff that work there are always very courteous and helpful.Had some wings delivered from here yesterday!  Arrived quickly and were so tasty!  I will be ordering again. Got the hot wings and the mild, with a side of the honey bbq. Delicious!Buffalo Chicken Cheesesteak is SOOO GOODUsed to be a staple in the neighborhood but will not be coming back. Just went into the shop to place an order and grabbed some soft drinks only to see a huge cockroach writhing on the ground in front of the soda machine. Ive never been that disgusted before. I know we're all in the city and cockroaches and critters happen, but this is ridiculous especially in the customer facing area.Used to order from here regularly but never will again. Last time I ordered, food got here and everything was fine. I paid in cash. And get a call back from them with the most rude counter girl telling me that apparently I still owed them money for my order. That I lied to the delivery guy and told him I already paid with my card. And she said she was sending him back to my house to get the money (that I had already paid). I told them to send him back if for no other reason than once he gets here he'll realize he's gotten my house confused with someone else's. So I wait about 20 minutes, delivery guy doesn't show up and I have to leave for work. So I call back and the same girl answers saying "oh is this **** street? Yeah we got your address confused." I ask wasn't anybody planning to tell me that? And with the nastiest attitude she snapped back "Well I would have if you would have gave me a few minutes" and hangs up the phone. Seriously need to work on customer service over there.Great cheesesteaks and chicken cheesesteaks.
They make their own rolls also. Def a good spot in the neighborhood.This place looks like a hole in the wall (it sorta is) but the food is so damn good and the service is even better - the staff are super friendly, and the delivery personnel are always so very nice.  I get the same thing - a crab cake works with peppers, jalapeños, LTO - it never disappoints.  I will say that my partner and I ordered once, and they didn't make our sandwiches the way we ordered them (they came very bland and plain, with only Lettuce and Tomato) and we hated the sandwich.  We order from this place all the time and it was the first time they got our order really wrong - and we hated it, but it was once out of a million times, so we let it slide.  I recommend this place to anyone who wants a great sandwich for the price and size.The bread was extremely fresh and tasty. Even the Pepsi was delicious. I thoroughly enjoyed my sandwich.Usually like getting my hoagies from this place. But the guy who answers the phone is very rude. He treated us as if we didn't know what we were talking about even though we had ordered from the place multiple times. When picking up the food he was on the phone and cursing under his breath. He very clearly did not want to be taking orders. After getting our food we got home and realized our sandwiches did not have the pickles and sweet peppers we asked for. Not a very pleasant experience this time around.Ordered a cheesesteak 2 foot long packed with meat and fries delicious the food was perfectPretty solid place to get a (chicken)cheese steak in the Port-Fishington 'hood.  I have a sadly standard order, a "regular" chicken cheese steak with an order of onion rings.  My order always arrives hot and generally pretty quickly - generally between 15-30 minutes.  I did get a ceasar salad once, I was REALLY disapointed because it was pretty terrible (the greens were brown and wilted). Otherwise I have always been happy with my order. The regular steak is big enough for myself and a bit for my toddler and the dog.  
The menu is pretty typical, various cheesesteaks, many forms of sandwiches, wings, appetizers etc.  Some dessert options too, and of course, sugary beverages. The prices are good and they are always running specials.  . I agree with other reviews the bread is good (very soft) and has never been soggy.  
I guess I should maybe expand my horizions and try something else on the menu.  
If you are in a dinner pinch, they will even accept debit/credit card payments over the phone, that way all you need in cash is enough to tip the delivery person.Great sandwiches every time. Prices are reasonable and delivery is always fast. Go with the Italian supreme.Food was delivered hot, fresh and sooner than promised. Can't go wrong for the price and I love to support local businesses when they advertise and actually deliver consistently quality food. It's a very hard thing to come by. My experience has been delivery only, but I believe you can dine is as well. Looking forward to my next meal :)Greatest Roast Pork Itialiano in the world!!!! Service was top notch. Would highly recommend. Plenty of keto and lenten options as well.Been here several times and can vouch for quality ownership . The last two times through I went with The cheeseburger hoagie.  it was like a religious experience. Absolutely what I expected and delicious.  Definitely my go to spot to satisfy my craving for that type of foodStop in every time I am in fishtown 
Wings and steaks are the best and the prices are greatI found this place recently and I am never letting go. On a quiet side street, find your new solution to lunch sandwiches, cheesy appetizers, chicken wings, or really anything you might want. Delicious and affordable mega fries, amazing 2 foot hoagies, and the panzerotti was a delight as well. Roast pork sandwich and blt were my favorites.Very rarely will I review a restaurant but I finally found my FAV PHILLY CHEESESTEAK SPOT! The sandwich had the perfect consistency of meat and cheese and I was able to add my favorite toppings at a reasonable amount (tomato, onions and mushrooms).I usually throw mayo on top but didn't need to bc it wasn't too dry and the bread wasn't overpowering the sandwich. I ordered a half cheesesteak and it felt like a regular size one had I have gone to another place so can't imagine the size of the full one. All of the staff was also extremely friendly unlike another spot people rave about in the east falls area. Glad I have another spot to add to my fav philly eats list. Try it for yourself!So my boo thang & I were mapping the city of Philly & this place popped up on Google (with great reviews) & blessed our souls!!!!!!! The food, the customer service, the strawberry shortcake from "The Quaker Bakery" is so damn good!!!!!!!!!!! I licked my container, my fork & my lips LOL !!!! Y'ALL HAVE TO COME VISIT THIS PLACE. Joe made our day & weekend!! Thanks Joe for the northern hospitality, we greatly appreciate you all!!!!I've been eating from this place for the past 3 years & have never been disappointed. Yes, you can find hoagies & cheesesteaks on just about every corner in Philly but this place definitely is better than the rest. 
They bake their own bread & its absolutely delicious.  Rolls, meat & ingredients are ALWAYS fresh. I work at the hospital around the corner so Im always looking for something quick & delicious. Order is usually ready in about 5-10mins. They just might be one of the best hoagie spots in the cityIt was a hungover Sunday afternoon before the Eagles game and this place seemed like it would help me get through the day. My roommates and I ordered delivery and it came in about an hour. Food came warm and delicious. Portions were big. I'd love to look into their catering options!My God, this place can do no wrong. Ordered here one day because we were craving good wings via delivery as we didn't feel like making the drive to our normal spot (shout out Byrne's!). Their wings were absolutely INSANELY delectable - nice hot, buttery perfection and very reasonably priced. The next time we tried their cheesesteaks - the bread is fluffy & the meat is plentiful. Since then we've tried: chicken cheesesteak (& buffalo chicken cheesesteak), homemade roast pork, mega fries, Italian hoagie, chicken salad-salad, and milkshakes and everything has been perfect. (One time I did get a cheesesteak that skimped on the meat, so that was disappointing, but I won't hold it against them given the other pleasurable experiences). This is a no-frills spot that can very easily be missed- so keep your eyes peeled, you DON'T wanna miss out on this place!This place does everything right at a good cost. Will be our go to for sandwiches. LEedleI drove by it because it sits sideways to Belgrade. Very tasty meat. Well priced. There were at least 6 Philadelphia police officers eating the whole time I was there. They were coming and going, very good sign. Very good standard cheesesteak.This place rocks. I stumbled upon the place for a quick hero pick up and their Italian Supreme was fantastic! Really good, fresh-tasting cuts of meat, generously stacked on top of flaky hero bread that had a bite while not being too hard, topped with just the right amount of mayo, hot pepper relish (free!), lettuce, tomato, o&v. It was surprisingly good when I was chowing down back at the office that I looked at it in admiration for 5 seconds. 
... damn it looked sexy. (see the pic)
The place is a bit easy to miss because it's a bit set back, so I had to quickly reverse(!) but nice that they have their own parking lot. Inside is nothing to speak of... old world sandwich shop feel, but workers seem upbeat and were chill. They had mad Eagles pride which definitely added to their neighborhood appeal. GO EAGLES!
Definitely coming back again to try their hot heroes & cheese steaks!Moved the Philly from NYC a few months ago.  This is officially my new sandwich spot!  The large turkey hero could have fed most of my family lol.  Instead I ate it myself (almost) and it was amazing!
Had a bite of the cheese steak and that was solid too 
Delivery was on time as well.  I'll be calling this place again soon...Fresh works never disappoints. They do it all and it's all really good. Some of my personal favorites are the boneless wings, cheese steaks, and hoagies. But my all time favorite thing on the menu is the spicy cheese fries. These are a must try. They aren't really spicy. Not what I expected when I first ordered them but they were a pleasant surprise. They are like old bay cheese fries and they are amazing!
Along with the amazing food - the workers are always really nice, delivery is pretty quick, and the prices are more than fair. They really hook you up here.This spot is deceiving, but don't be fooled! Fresh works is really great. We get takeout from here pretty often. Options are extensive, prices are right, and food is tasty. Regardless of what sandwich, wrap, or salad I order, I always order a buffalo chicken tortizza - it's essentially two large tortillas covered in grilled chicken, buffalo sauce, and blue cheese - simple but SO good. We've tried a bunch of sides (a couple different fries, wings, mozz sticks, jalapeño poppers), and nothing has ever been a disappointment. Pickup is pretty quick, too! A solid spot overall.This place is the best local spot. They baked their own bread on site, which really changes the level of their sandwiches. 
Huge menu offering everything and more a traditional sandwich shop would. 
Cheesesteaks are great!!! Great "app" options as well. 
Nice staff and quick pick up times!Was on the hunt for a cheesesteak, didn't want to go too far from where I was, so landed on 'the fresh works'. Was able to order by phone quite easily, and my order was ready upon arrival. 
Cheesesteak Hoagie filling was flavorful and the the meat portion was the right amount. I didn't love the bread, as I tend to lean toward a tougher vessel for cheesesteak to avoid the inevitable soggy sandwich vibe. 
Did love the hot peppers that I asked for on the side. Super flavorful and probably the best I've had in Philly. It was almost like a minced jam but it packed a punch of heat and spice.They're closed for remodeling right now, but they are my go to take out restaurant in port Richmond.Great buffalo wings and fast service. I needed a side of wings with another order that I placed elsewhere, and it was a breeze to park and pick up my order.Great place! Ordered 50 wings on Sunday (football + Wings go hand in hand) and got my order super quick. They called me to make sure I wanted the extra blue cheese because it already came with some (now I know I didn't need it) and to make sure I ordered everything correctly.  Great delivery as well!The hoagie was decent but for the price they should spend a bit more for the quality of their meat's.Great local spot. 
Sandwiches are good. 
People are friendly and nice. 
Clean as well.My parents and I were on the way back home to DC, and at the last minute we decided to find a Philly Cheesesteaks spot. My father quickly google searched the best in the area and he found The Fresh Works. 
I ordered the Philly Cheesesteak hoagie with provolone cheese, mayo, hot peppers, lettuce, and grilled onions. It was AMAZING! The roll was so fresh and you could taste the butter on it. There was a lot of meat on the sandwich and just enough toppings. We didn't even make it out of the parking lot. 
Honestly, I wish I would have gotten two so I could have it for lunch the next day. I can't get back to Philly fast enough to get another one.I recently moved to the area, and this is my new go-to place anytime I am craving a sandwich!! I ordered take-out here today and the gentleman that took my order (I believe his name was TJ) gave me great customer service. Being someone who works in the industry, I always like to acknowledge when someone takes good care of me! Everything came out perfectly, in reasonable timing, and I will be back :)