Have to say the place started to go down hill so we stopped going/ordering. Rarely received the correct order. It's always a mess outside (makes me wonder about the inside).We ordered and waited 70+ minutes for our delivery. When I called to ask about the delivery they hung up on me repeatedly and didn't let me know when our order was being delivered. Do not order and trust this place. We still have not received our food.I probably spend way too much time here, but this place feels like home. A typical pizza place/sports bar/neighborhood joint. The bartenders are good and the pizza is great, as is most everything on the menu. Recently started serving breakfast. Takes credit cards and delivers, definitely a plus!Ok haven't ordered here in a lil while...so today I decided to get a cheesesteak stromboli..I dont what has gotten in to the pub...but I sure as hell hope it stays this way...the stromboli is fresh, it looks amazing, and taste as good as it looks...the delivery was fast as always,  they never take to long.Great neighborhood bar, no pretension. Food is ok, nothing special. Draft selection isn't huge but they manage to squeeze in a couple for the mass produced beer crowd and a couple for the craft beer crowd, and Guinness. Great for watching sports. Place is quite small, can get cramped quickly on busy nights. Bartenders are friendly, if not a wee bit nutty. A couple are a bit slow, and don't ask for anything complicated. Beer and basic mixed drinks only. The regulars include the angry sloppy drunk, the hip-hop crowd, a few hipsters, and your local south Philly flavor. This is indeed the place where everybody knows your name.Open on a holiday, hell yes!!! Super friendly when they answered the phone and gave us fast answers for what we needed. Ordering was easy and reasonable prices. The triple cheese and curly fries with cheese are both amazing. Excellent cheese steak with great bread and a lot of flavor not grease. Lots of options to customize to taste. Everything ready in time promised, while busy, on a holiday!! Am I happy??? I could kiss that kitchen staff!!! Will absolutely be back! Thanks to you all!I found The Pizza Pub when I was living with a friend in south Philly.  We became quite the regulars there.  Their pizza is pretty great.  The crust is really good, it's not soggy or hard.  It's definitely one of my favorite pizza joints I've tried in the city.  The staff is very nice and often entertaining.  It kind of reminds me of hanging out with my Italian family(in a good way) with the cooking, eating, drinking, loud degos in what looks like my nonna's basement kitchen/bar.
The drinks and food are relatively inexpensive, which is always a plus.  I would like to see more vegetarian options, but I feel that way about most places.  I don't recommend ordering anything which should have fresh basil.  There were a couple times when I did and was rather disappointed.  The first time was a sandwich on which I received dried basil flakes on it  and the other time there were maybe 6 leaves on a large pizza.  I'm not sure what's up with that, but it's the only complaint I have.
Lastly there's a kick ass quizzo night on Wednesday!  I love me some quizzo.  It usually starts around 8 or so, but sometimes a bit later if there are people watching a sporting event.  It's a pretty relaxed crowd.Spent $14 on 'garlic' boneless wings that ended up being just plain chicken pieces with some minced garlic roughly thrown over top.. not a sauce as I can only assume the other options are. Not sure if I've ordered from here before but will not again. Called back to address this and was placed on hold for several minutes just being passed off from person to person with no actual response.. I wish I would have saved my money and ordered anywhere else.How this place has been rated so high is extremely confusing.
I went here only because it was the selected meeting place after a community street cleaning. My girlfriend and I each had one bottle of beer. They had a couple of decent beers on tap but given the overall uncleanliness of this establishment, we guessed that the beer lined probably hadn't been cleaned in recent months either.
The restroom was also a disgrace. Maybe if it were 11pm on a Saturday night I would have dismissed this, but it was almost noon. 
We didn't order food because we had plans for the evening that didn't include sitting on the toilet for hours at a time.OK so it's not what I'm used to spending most of my time in bars around Rittenhouse Square. However it is an incredibly nice neighborhood place where the food is terrific and the bar is never a dull. The highlight for me was a young lady named Sarah, a bartender who is incredibly bubbly and friendly and well worth another visit, and me recommending this spot to friends of mine in South Philly who might not of heard of it.   As long as they have Sarah at the bar I will keep drinking there.It's a pretty cool place to hang out DEPENDING VERY HEAVILY upon who's bartending.  I've been there on Friday nights when they have karaoke and Jason's behind the bar.  Those are always fun nights.  Then I've been there on Saturdays when some brunette woman bartends.  She's horrible.  HORR-I-BLE.  Had to wait almost 10 minutes, while she was socializing with some other patrons, before she even acknowledged me to take my first drink order (1 mixed drink and 1 beer).  Once she took my drink order, she served up them up.  I handed her a $5 tip for serving me 2 drinks which is MORE THAN FAIR.  I figured I'd give her a chance...maybe she'll be cool for the next round.
About 30 minutes later, I go up to order another 2 drinks without incident.  I tip her another $5.  And 30 minutes later, the same thing.  2 more drinks and ANOTHER $5 tip.  So she made $15 in tips, just from me, in about an hour and a half's time.  Never said thank you, by the way.  All along, she's still charging me full price for the drinks, which is fine, but it's very customary in this industry to kind of "take care of your customers" when they're tipping you well.  Meaning a drink or a shot on the house.  Knock of a few dollars, etc.  
So after I ate up all my cash between tips and drinks, I had to start a tab on my debit card.  A few drinks later, I get the bill for my tab and it was somewhere around $32.00.  I put a big "X" in the tip box for that bill.  She got enough off me already.  If she was smart, she wouldn't charge full price for every single drink and she would've got an even bigger tip. 
HORRIBLE. I'll never go back there on a Saturday night.I ordered fried pickles and a cheeseburger with bacon via GrubHub. The burger was okay, but the fried pickles was oily and soggy. By the time the food got here, it was cold; I had the food delivered.
The delivery guy, "Paul", was extremely rude to me. The meal was about $13 and I tipped $5, but I couldn't find my $20 so I had to go upstairs to get the $100 to pay with. Although I did not have the money right then and there (which I was at fault for), I do not believe that I should be treated with such rudeness. You should not be yelling and starting any arguments with customer.Just tried this place for the 1st time today. When calling to place an order I was promptly greeted then asked to hold. The man taking my order was polite and answered the few questions I had. I was quoted a 45min time slot for delivery; I was pleasantly suprised when my food arrived in only 25mins as opposed to the 45mins. The delivery driver was very nice and even called to let me know he had arrived. The buffalo wings were good, the fries were a bit bland but after some salt they were good as well. All in all I'll be ordering from here again.Placed an order two hours ago, food never came,  now they are closed, and  I've been charged. What is going on? No one would answer the phone!It's exactly what the name suggests - a pizza shop that happens to be attached to a full service bar.  Rare for the neighborhood (20th/Passyunk) the bar and pizza shop even accept credit cards.  The bar is at the perfect confluence of every type of South Philly population so it is a great mix.  I have been going to Karaoke here on Friday nights for the past few weeks which is always a blast.  Not to mention that the pizza is in my personal top 5 pizzas of Philly.  Overall, a good cheap bar with a fun crowd and delicious pizza.  How can you lose?!We have been trying to fall in love with this place for months but the service just ruins the delicious food and makes it not worth it.  
1. Do NOT go there with more than 2 people there was about a 15-20 minute gap between when she brought out the first dish to the last for 4 people. Ignored us and continued paying attention to friends at the bar.  
2. we got coupons online and the first 3 times we called no one knew what we were talking about. it's like they TRY to be disorganized.  
3. bartenders are very cliquey and catty and it's okay for them to be drunk and yell at customers. If you want someone to be rude to you and a mini-version of jersey shore when you go out this is the place for you.  
4. food is delicious. This is at the end for a reason. Their ravioli and pizzas are to die for, possibly slightly overpriced for some of the pizzas but definitely not worth it for reasons 1-3.  
Get your pizza for delivery, seriously........oh wait.....every time we do delivery they never have change.....even for a $10 bill.   
Disorganized. The employees here make management look like a joke, which is sad for such good food!I grew up in North Jersey and lived in NY for a while, so I hate most Philly pizza. I really like the Pizza Pub's!!!
Friendly staff, great service and prices, comfortable atmosphere and an awesome place to watch a game. This is my favorite South Philly corner bar and Jason is the best bartender!!!Wow. Pizza Pub might be my new favorite spot to watch people sing karaoke. 
I came with a group on a Friday night. The place was full of colorful characters, who I assume are regulars. We were treated to a range of karaoke stylings, from a hilariously drunken rendition of U2's "One," to an eccentric elderly woman who got up to sing and absolutely blew us all away! I can only hope to be that awesome when I'm 80. 
Add some really cheap drinks, and you have a winner. And yes, as the name implies, Pizza Pub is half pub and half pizza place. After reading surprisingly good reviews about the pizza, I regret not getting a slice when I was there.
At first I thought I'd go back again sometime, but then I realized I could never duplicate that experience. Better to cherish the memory (and photos, and videos...) of that one magical evening forever. We'll always have Pizza Pub...Im re-posting on here because I first posted about a year ago about the decent food but gross inside, so have to update about the upgrades.
They are slowly improving this place and its beginning to resemble a respectable watering hole/pizza joint.  They have pulled most of the cardboard beer advertisements from the outside, replaced the smoke and water stained drop ceiling and are ripping up some of the flooring.
I hope this places completes the turn around!
Food- still sold. Go with the with Stromboli, it's hefty.I purchased a groupon based upon a description that offered a delivery option for an additional $1 cost per delivery (although they actually charged $2).  I never would have purchased it otherwise because I do not own a car and live several blocks from the restaurant.  For my first delivery, I gave them the groupon number over the phone, and they delivered the pizza, plus the groupon punch card.  It was not smooth - after giving the code over the phone and having to explain to 3 different people what I was trying to do and what groupon offer I had purchased, I did eventually get the pizza, but had to give the code again to the driver and again to someone who called me an hour later.  The second delivery, I again explained to a couple of people about this punch card I had, but the driver showed up expecting a credit card.  He didn't have a problem with me having the punch card, but he had no hole punch with him - I marked the spot and dated it.  I got a call a little while later for my credit card number, but I again explained I had a punch card - even offered that he could come back to punch it if he wanted.  They were ok with me marking it.  The third time I called, an angry man told me that delivery was not an option with the punch card.  After yelling at me for several minutes, telling me to "take it up with groupon" and that it was never intended for delivery, he said he would delivery it "this time", but never again. I still have 2 pizzas left on the voucher and no idea what to do about it.  With this kind of service I never would have struggled thru more than one delivery, except that I had purchased a "deal", which they now refuse to honor.  So basically, I have paid full price for 3 pizzas I would not have otherwise ordered.  Whatever you do DO NOT PURCHASE ANY COUPONS FOR THIS PLACE.  It's not worth it, and they may not honor them.Went to Pizza Pub to try to check out their Sunday night karaoke. It was the evening before Labor Day and they were having a "Back To School" party. The bartenders were wearing Catholic schoolgirl outfits. The place eventually became packed with early 20 something locals.
They advertised "$1 slices & $1 beers"on their menu but when I asked the bartender about the dollar beers she seemed confused. Sadly we did not get dollar beers but they did have a couple craft beers on tap (Hop Devil and Flying Fish farmhouse) and a good selection of bottles and prices were reasonable.  Our first round of 3 craft beers and a mixed drink was only $15. They also had a Pabst/shot of Jack combo. They did actually have dollar slices and part of the reason for the OK rating is that the pizza was really good. Thin, crispy crust and a good sauce.
However, the rating suffered due to the karaoke experience. Two of our girlfriends got to sing (The Violent Femmes, not wholly appreciate by the audience). The one waitress sang 2 or 3 songs (well).  The disappointing thing was that in between these few songs the karaoke guy was DJing pop rap tunes and NO ONE was singing. Finally me and my buddy got liquid couraged up enough to sing. We decided to do a little Righteous Brothers.  Our karaoke request was placed. And... ignored... and... ignored... as the DJ continued playing "Cupid Shuffle" type tunes and doing shots with his buddies.
Overall, the atmosphere was fun, and we were concerned about whether our song selection would be well received anyway, but it sucked to have our KARAOKE request ignored on a KARAOKE NIGHT. Maybe we'd give it a shot again on a non-holiday weekend...Good, nice service. Came in on Sunday for $1 slices of plain pizza that are fresh and hot. Drink specials are good too. Nice big screen for watching football.Kinda in a shady part of town, not what I expected at all. Pizza place and bar are separate and have no menus to order at the bar. Very loud head banging music when there are only 4 customers in the place. Bartender was friendly but I left after 1 beer and no pizzaDry wings boneless brown looks like poo. I called to see if they could just send me regular wings what a waste of 20 bucks delivery includedI've ordered the same thing twice. Once it was $4 more than it should have been. If you get delivery there, double check the price. One of the employees there is overcharging people - it wasn't an honest mistake, because I asked why it was so much more than it should have been, and she said the menu had changed.  But then, when we ordered again, I got the right price.
Besides that, it's good pizza. Nice crust for Philly, which is what 90% of pizza places here get wrong. Good prices... when they're the correct ones.I love the mother fucking pizza pub....good food good drinks and the sexiest bar staff ever.I guess the plastic like American cheese on my "Italian hoagie" was imported from the old country? Maybe they got my order wrong, but even if it's a ham and cheese hoagie it still sucks! This is worse than the crap they fed us on ship in the Navy!! If it's late and they're the only thing open I recommend you call them for directions to the nearest Wawa. Seriously, DON'T EAT HERE!! I posted a pic of the garbage they delivered to me.why has no one ever thought of combining a bar with a pizzeria? I don't mean a high-end pizzeria with a bar in it, I mean a place that is 1/2 bar and 1/2 pizzeria? That's what this is. 
It's brilliant. WAY local place, great steaks, onion rings, pizza, and cheap pitchers. good place to watch the game. only real con is it tends to get really loud, given the population of hard-core dumbass south philly guys who usually go there...so after a certain point, I get tired of guido screaming about sports and have to leave. but otherwise, it's cool.The Pizza Pub is exactly what it sounds like part pizza shop, part pub. I came here with a large group on Friday for kareoke, the space was crowded but not ridiculously so.
Everyone at the bar was really friendly and the atmosphere was relaxed. The prices were cheap, I ordered a round of drinks that included 2 mixed drinks and 2 beers and only paid $10 with a $2 dollar tip. There were $1 miller highlife bottles until 12pm. Oddly enough the bar had energy drink on draft.
Overall the Pizza Pub was a fun and relaxed place to go to kareoke, I would come here more often if I lived closer.Exactly like the name states, it's a pizza place and a pub. It's conveniently right around the corner from my house, which is a plus! They have a full bar which has different events and specials every night of the week. I really like their pizza because it's got a thin and crispy crust. They also have a full menu and deliver!Ordered through grubhub... They delivered waaaay later than the time estimated. The driver did not call to tell me he was close or here so I actually hear him outside yelling "did you order pizza". My husband goes out to get the food and the guy says "dude pick up your phone!" The only problem is he didn't call... Maybe he misdialed but rude tude!
We ordered fried pickles, jalapeño poppers, Stromboli, and a hoagie.
The poppers were partially burnt and neither one of us had more than one bite because they were so gross. 
The fried pickles were also slightly burnt but somehow more edible... I had three.
The hoagie was very disappointing. The roll tasted like some crap you would get in a different region of the country but here in Philly it is surprising to have such a crappy hoagie roll. I ended up only eating half.
My husband was impressed with the size of the Stromboli but said it was edible and he would finish it but it was just ok.Complete dive that the locals seem to enjoy. Drinks were pretty cheap and our bartender got them to us quick. Didn't try the food, but it looked and smelled good. Some of the locals seem a little annoyed with our presence, oh well join a private club if you don't want randoms strolling in your watering hole.Pizza is average this time I went. The crust is a little hard like crackers. I just ordered two slices so it's probably from the reheating the slices that it became like that. I will have to edit my review once I order a whole pie. They do have very decent prices and thus will make me want to go back more often to try other thugs as well.If you've ever read any of my other pizza reviews you can probably sense this New Yorker's spoiled and cocky regard for Philly pizza.  Pizza Pub is one of the few exceptions down here and right along side Celebres.  Split between a great bar and an open kitchen in the back, this place has a nice corner bar feel where you can enjoy actually waiting for a pizza to come out of the oven.  Grab a quick beer or stay at the bar for a few hours and watch a game...Either way it's South Philly.  You're home bo!The worst place to order delivery.  Ordered form Pizza pub several times and each time it is more and more disappointing.  First time, they lost the order and it took an hour and a half. No big, mistakes happen.   Next time they called me and let me know that they were unable to deliver my order because they are short staffed and don't have a driver.  Third and final time I will order from pizza pub, after an hour and a half, I called to check on my order.  They lady from the pizza pub said "I don't know where you order is...it should be there shortly".   Called back 20 minutes later, they said their driver was in an accident and they couldn't deliver.  Called Grubhub to have my charges reversed and they told me that they don't have a driver today and I should not have been able to place and order with them.  I inquired when she (grubhub) knew about not having driver and she said they contact grubhub several hours ago.PIZZA PUB is a shady operation.  Learn how to run a business!!!!Ignorant staff (except for 1 person), questionable crowd who have the cops called on them on a regular basis for causing chaos throughout the quiet neighborhood. Customers park in front of all the fire hydrants around and block up the main and side streets. They tell you to order through an app on the phone and then when I went to pick it up he said "I didn't get no order" and proceed to walk back to the bar.I've got no complaints, their pizza does the trick and their wings are more satisfying than some other places I've ordered from that claim to specialize in just wings. And maybe I'm just a simple country mouse but I'm downright dazzled with any place that will bring both pizza and beer to my lazy butt!This pizza place is amazing.  I was in the dog house with my girlfriend who is a pizza lover.  Her #1 choice was Pizza Pub.  I ordered her a pizza online and made a special request for a small note to be written inside the pixza box.  Well guess who is out of the dog house now yeahhhhh!  Pizza Pub came through in the clutch like Nick Foles in the Super Bowl.  LOVE YOU GUYS at Pizza Pub, you saved the day, the pizza arrived super fast and my girlfriend said the pizza was incredible.  Pizza Pub for MVP.  Order this place.  You have a new loyal customer for life.This place was unimpressive. The food was ok, but the service was bad, the beer was uninspiring, the music was too loud, the seating and general ambiance were not my cup of tea. I guess if you want a small sports bar to go to, it could be sufficient, but it's not a place I would recommend seeking out.Great place whether you're eating in for the night or galavanting on the town. Good music and equally so-bartenders.Great pizza for PhiladelphiaWell, I made a Horrific mistake ordering from this place New Years Eve 2019!!!!  Wtf. I ordered pasta with their very interesting version of "meat sauce". Now I put meat sauce in quotations because I have no clue what type of meat was thrown on top of my mushy pasta noddles. Let's go with Dog Shit. So, the pasta made me sick the next day. Sat on my royal thrown for a few hours downloading my "pasta ala dog shit with red CANNED sauce".  On to the French fries, Soggy, cold and no seasonings added.  They didn't send salt,  pepper or catchup packets. I was stuck at work so I had nothing to add to my delicious cold soggy fries. The salad was ok. Hard to mess up a side salad. I really hope they were just having an off night. But from the other reviews it appears not.  Who's cooking in this place!!??  I bet I can guess, "Juan, Carlos and Pablo". Good guys I am sure but they shouldn't be cooking Italian food.  Happy New Year Philly 2019!!!!!! Go eagTrash. I ordered a chicken and broccoli stromboli and received a loaf full of cheese and raw dough. It was completely raw. The wings I ordered were hideous. Unseasoned fried wings with loads of raw garlic. And nothing more!At 12am on a Saturday night, me and a few friends were there for a few drinks and they're $1 pizza special.
The bartender was okay at first, talking to us and making jokes. Although we were a but skeptical over his bad attitude towards other customers. Eventually, he became to be a bit rude to my boyfriend. He kept giving me and my friend water but no one else.. im assuming because we are 21 and women and thought we couldn't handle our alcohol??
To make it worse, we rushed out after the bartender wrestled a patron to the ground after a disagreement. 
The prices were great but the pizza was barely even worth the wait in the awkward bar atmosphere until 1am when they're special started. 
Although the staff apologized numerous times for our bad first experience, I will not be returning.The Pizza Pub has zero control over their sidewalk patrons. And it can be dangerous at times. 
I have seen loud arguments lead to fights with chairs and bottles thrown. 
Not a safe place at all, especially on the weekends. 
I dont think they have any interest in taking control either, so I dont see it getting better. 
Oh, and the food is "meh".Well, I made a Horrific mistake ordering from this place New Years Eve 2019!!!!  Wtf. I ordered pasta with their very interesting version of "meat sauce". Now I put meat sauce in quotations because I have no clue what type of meat was thrown on top of my mushy pasta noddles. Let's go with Dog Shit. So, the pasta made me sick the next day. Sat on my royal thrown for a few hours downloading my "pasta ala dog shit with red CANNED sauce".  Onto the French fries, Soggy, cold and no seasonings added.  They didn't send salt,  pepper or catchup packets. I was stuck at work so I had nothing to add to my delicious cold soggy fries. The salad was ok. Hard to mess up a side salad. I really hope they were just having an off night. But from the other reviews it appears not.  Who's cooking in this place!!??  I bet I can guess, "Juan, Carlos and Pablo". Good guys I am sure but they shouldn't be cooking Italian food.  Happy New Year Philly 2019!!!!!! Go eagles.I WISH I COULD GIVE THIS ZERO STARS. They have the worst customer service. My order was 35 minutes late and the food I received was cold, and soggy. The breading on my wings were so soggy from sitting out that when I opened the whole container was WET WITH CONDENSATION. It was disgusting. When I called the first time about my order being late the girl on the phone was rude and said it has been out for delivery for 15 minutes. I live 4 minutes away from the restaurant. My order didn't come for 20 minutes after that call. When I asked for a refund THEY REFUSED. MY FOOD WASNT EDIBLE. IT COULD HAVE LITERALLY GIVEN ME FOOD POISONING IF I ATE IT.My first time ordering from them was cool until I got home and seen mushrooms in my Alfredo when I asked for extra broccoli and sautéed onions. They had closed up for the night so I didn't bother calling I just picked them out.
I just placed an order with them for the second time and it took 12 minutes to order a veggie stromboli minus the mushrooms and red peppers, add pepperoni & 10 piece wing platter, honey bbq and hot sauce mixed.
The woman who took my order sounded under the influence. She said she was new and still getting the hang of things but somethings your supposed to say in your head and not out loud!
I also had to ask her not to repeat my credit card numbers out loud, anyone could have been listening! 
My first time ordering from them was cool until I got home and seen mushrooms in my Alfredo when I asked for extra broccoli and sautéed onions. They had closed up for the night so I didn't bother calling I just picked them out.
Good prices, I'll see how this stromboli taste and I'll be back!.....Holy hell. 
I love pizza, like, a lot; I eat it everywhere I go. This was far and away the worst pizza I've ever eaten. It's like they took a boboli crust, sauced it with spaghetti-o's sauce, and topped it with string cheese - literally. They even managed to somehow burn the bottom of the damn thing. 
I've had better pizza from the frozen aisle.
I've had better pizza in fu€king elementary school cafeterias. 
The bar is cool; city wides AdEd, and a halfway decent bottled selection. Just don't eat any pizza. Seriously, even if someone gives it to you for free, don't do it.This is a garbage establishment with garbage patrons. The bar is a nuisance to the neighbors and the other local businesses. I know for a fact that drunks from The Pizza Pub will go next door to the dog day care and urinate/defecate/vomit and of course no one from the Pizza Pub cleans it up. They've recently been setting off huge fireworks there every night at 10pm. Please don't patronize this horrible business! There is better pizza elsewhere and plenty of good quality bars.OMG!!!!! The worst and I mean the worst food I've ever had. HANDS DOWN!!! I ordered 3 cheesesteaks and fries that were horrible. The bread on the cheesesteaks had to be at least 2 weeks old and the fries tasted like they were cooked the day before. This place should be ashamed of themselves selling garbage like that. I truly recommend not ordering from the Pizza Pub.  Signed, Very Dissatisfied Customer, who hardly ever writes a review, but felt the need to raise consumer awareness.Food is horrible and over priced.  If you want shitty hard cardboard greasy cheap cheese pizza this is the place for you. The guy behind the counter where the food is made was dirty as hell and picking his nose when I walked in. The owner is an idiot when it comes to having their regular everyday kegs full. Definitely divey ass bar. And I won't even go on about the drug use there but there again dive bar.
Oh get your stools fixed man. Wtf everyone I sat in felt like it was gonna fall the fuck apart. 
Only positive note about this place. The drinks are cheap. Just don't order anything fancy the bartenders are not super knowledgeable in the mixer menu and they don't have some basic liquors to create a specialty for you.Worst. Margarita. Pizza. Ever. Don't order late at night, they will mess up your pizza completely by using a pound of dried basil & dried oregano on your marg pizza and call it fresh. Embarrassing.Great local bar with awesome daily specials. Their $2 Tuesdays is a must go. They always have sports and their events are always fun. The bartenders are awesome.One of your workers threatened to kill me kinda weird kinda nuts terrible food, would rather drink my pissOrdered one pizza and a soda through the grubhub app. It never came. 4 separate drivers went to the place to pick it up. They never made our food. I tried to call underpins times but no answer. Don't order form this place.I ordered a bacon pizza and what I got was a pizza with what looks like three bacon bit pieces and some moldy crust. No refund, just a 'disconnected' call. I wouldn't feed this pizza to my worst enemy. Thanks for ruining pizza.I don't have any gripes about this place as a venue of it's own merits. The night I went there were two bartenders - I think they were a gay couple actually - and both of them were super nice, as was the owner. I had a piece of pizza and it was tasty but nothing spectacular.
Unfortunately if the clientele that showed up the night I was there is typical of who shows up, that's enough to make it one of the worst establishments I've ever visited. Even if it's not, I won't be going back because I don't want to risk it.
I was there on karaoke night. The karaoke host was great! There was a gay woman who seemed to be celebrating her birthday, and her theme was "Free the nipple." (Google it.) So she kept singing songs and replacing words with nipple, and it started out kind of cute.
As more people came in and they drank more though, I found myself surrounded by little altercations that kept getting worse. It was like all of the terrible trailer trash of South Philly was coming in on one night. Little arguments were escalating to physical fights. It made me deeply uncomfortable.
At one point a group of three early 20-something Italian dudes came in. One of them was wearing one of those "You can't make THESE guns illegal!" t-shirts with arrows pointing to his biceps. This was LESS THAN 24 HOURS AFTER 9 PEOPLE WERE SHOT DEAD ON A COLLEGE CAMPUS. No one said anything as he and his douchebro friends continued to make a ruckus and just generally be dicks to everybody.
Then birthday girl became a nightmare. She grabbed the mike at one point to throw a fit because someone apparently shat on the toilet seat. Then she was heard to be stomping around complaining about people's song choices. People were singing comedy songs like "Chocolate Salty Balls" and "I Seen Beyonce," and she was upset about it. "Why people singin' about chocolate balls and Beyonce eatin' a hamburger? Why aren't they singing REAL songs?" This from the woman who has been making every song about NIPPLES all night.
The final straw was when she grabbed the mic to do a Kanye song, which she decided she was going to do in her "World famous Caitlyn Jenner voice"; and then she DIDN'T leave out 'the N word' when she rapped. (She was a white woman.)
The whole thing was a shit show, and again, it's not necessarily the fault of the venue, but the clientele reflect the venue unfortunately, and that means this place probably draws in this type of crowd regularly. Definitely won't be going back.To hell with this place.  We ordered one of the specials from them off of grub hub.  They called us back forty minutes after we ordered and said there is an error in the menu and they weren't going to honor the order that we had already payed for.  The manager was incredibly rude and refused to cancel our order.  We finally did get it cancelled but it still managed to throw off our diner plans, never again!
AVOID!!