Great neighborhood spot! Went there two nights in a row  for the wings . The wings are delicious!! They are grilled on a charcoal grill right outside the front door. Finger licking good!! The music the food and the folks aren't varied and diverse.I give The Barn 5 stars due to always friendly bar staff & variations on crispy, small wings (giant wings are a no go). They have a pretty large menu. Listen, it's bar bites. Come expecting a gourmet meal & your expectations won't be met! I like it here because the more neighborhoods change, the more us who have been here for decades feel like strangers. I can still go there, get some wings & a drink special without feeling uncomfortable. It's appropriately dark & there are two pool tables. What more would one ask of a bar. Some reviewers have complained abt the bathroom's cleanliness. It's a bar bitches‼ Pee/throw up outside like normal drunks. My goodnessWhen I heard this place had been taken under new management and that the food was great I had to give it a try .. bad move got the house wings and strips .. both were undercooked .. won't be going back any time soonGood cross-section of the neighborhood hangs out here.  Some cheap drinks and food are available. Wings have been unavailable due to chicken prices being too high which is devastating-BBQ wings is the best value on the menu.
Outdoor seating is available. Unfortunately, word has gotten out that they don't enforce smoking laws on the patio so pretty much everyone has a lit cigarette. And so goes my $$ spent at this place...up in smoke.This is one of my three favorite bars in the neighborhood. It's tough to find a pool table, and theirs is pretty good. They have cheap drinks, a good beer selection, and were making killer whisky drinks over the summer. Others' notes about jukebox selection have been valid, but natural selection seems to be taking its toll on the Grateful Dead/bro-metal crowd (I haven't heard any recently). It can be loud, but usually only when it's busy, and what'd you go out at night for anyway?Wow this place is off the hook! The food is awesome, the atmosphere is chill, nice pool table and the wings awwwwwww my Lawd you got to get you some!Came here last night with my friend to grab a small bite and some drinks, and we were able to snag a table outside. There's no table service really you just order at the bar and they'll bring u ur food so it's semi table service lol. The menu is pretty small cus it is a small dive bar however.....the food is actually really good I ate so much and was not planning on it hahahaha. I ordered the smash burger and I asked for onions since I luv onions and need it on everything...they forgot my onions but honestly I did not care that's how good the burger was. My friend ate before so she just got the fried brussel sprouts app and those were sooooo good. I ate half her bowl. I ordered southern tier pumking and the only thing I can rly complain about is how not cold my beer was. Then we sat at the bar and there was a man sitting next to me eating a bowl of fries that looked IRRESISTABLE soooooo I asked him if I could have one and he let me and they were so well seasoned probably with old bay garlic powder salt pepper IDK WHAT ELSE but they were def top 3 French fries of my life so you know I had to order my own. This place has pool tables, board games, and plays a great variety of music. Definitely coming back!!!!I was very excited about the opening of this place and after I went there last evening I wasn't disappointed. They have a really impressive beer list and the bartender who served me was extremely polite. It wasn't busy in there around 6pm which was great as my friends and I got a chance to talk and enjoy the vibe of the place. Really looking forward to more evenings spent at the Barn in the future.This place is charming.  Grungy, weird, and wonderful.  Reasonably priced drinks, pool tables, bizarre decor.  What's not to love?!the bartenders are always fun and friendly and seats are always available. beer options rotate...but for the most part, they have a decent selection. they've also started serving food and it won't disappoint you! i'm not a vegetarian or vegan and ordered the vegan nachos the first time and it was so damn delicious! the next time i ordered their bbq burger! omfg! yup, again very delicious! love this place!The barn has come a long way since its opening week. $2 draft yuengling, shelves full of games, and an awesomely diverse crowd make this my favorite local bar.Went with a girlfriend a couple weeks ago while attempting to visit a spot we've beve ttyWas back here again last night for their wings.  Addictive!! Best I found In the city! Consistently the same great taste. The potato salad and Brussel sprouts - yes, Brussel Sprouts were good too! Staff was attentive as always. Love this eclectic place. Everybody is welcome and music appeals to all.Came in from Chicago and was looking for a cool & chill atmosphere and I found it at Bar(n). Very cool, fun board games, cheap but good drinks & cool music. Food could be prepared a bit quicker and the bathrooms are "eh" but overall a cool spot to stop by for a fun night. P.s try the peach margaritas!Cute space.  I love how diverse the clientele and employees are, I also dig the gender neutral bathrooms (bravo).  I've gone twice now and had a ball each time.  It's definitely a space where locals go because I've ran into so many old friends here.  Do try the city special, it's cheap and will do the trick.  Also, grab a board game- they have quite a selection.It's odd to me that the reviews are so mixed / trending negative for The Bar(n,) because I had an excellent time getting drinks and hanging out here--though it is the bare minimum for a standard bar in West Philly. 
I stopped by on a Friday night with some friends, since we were eating nearby. Clearly, The Bar(n) is still new and working out some decor issues (the gentrifying sign outside is so hilariously awful that it adds to the... charm(?) and the inside is standard barren dive bar with tiny tables, couches, and lots of neon,) but it was still pleasant for my group. 
Beer was reasonably priced, but cocktails were incredibly expensive--the selection of both is decent, though. My friends and I appreciated the loungey couch area and wide selection of games (we played Cards Against Humanity for probably too long here.)
Overall, I have no major complaints about The Bar(n)--it's just a barebones West Philly dive bar, not the swanky local-food-esque place it advertises itself as.Been here a couple times.  Met the owners, they seem great.  Very gender and orientation nonspecific crowd. A place for all to be welcome.  Nice drinks and fun games to play.  .25 PAC man!!  So why 3 stars?  Service. Hands down.  Nice enough but don't seem to want to be here.  Very uninterested in their jobs.  Hope they get it right, I like it here.  Oh- and food please!!!I really want to like this place, because it's close to my apartment, has decent food, and well-priced drinks, but I just can't. The waiters and bartenders are horrible. They blatantly ignore customers, simply walking past them or refusing to acknowledge them. Once, I waited 45 minutes to buy a drink, standing at the bar. It's always too loud, with the jukebox blaring some random kind of music at any given time, at an entirely inappropriately loud volume. The pool tables are nice, but often they're being hijacked by a group that won't let others in for a game or two. 
All of this in itself is pretty bad, but then there is the condition of the place. The floors are dirty and sticky, covered in some unknown slime, and the bar is usually the same. However, the bathrooms are the absolute worst bathrooms I've ever had the misfortune of using. It is absolutely sickening to think about. In the women's bathroom, one of the doors is not even attached to the hinges anymore, but hangs sideways off and you have to hold it in place while using the bathroom, and pray that no one opens the restroom door and knocks it down. There are no toilet paper holders, and the walls are covered in grimy graffiti. There is no soap, and there are no paper towels. It's not an aesthetic. It's just gross. I would rather walk half a mile back home to pee. Actually, I'd rather not enter this place at all.It's reasonably priced divey bar. Yes it's a work in progress. Yeah, the sign is a bit weird - but I'll take weird over the previous management.
This area needed a straight-up bar that wasn't a restaurant (like Dock Street).
The bartenders are always pretty friendly to me.
(Re: clientele. I didn't see anyone bounced out because of their race. Did you? Maybe if you parked a few more Japanese racing motorcycle, there would be more black guys hanging around again? That seemed to be a big draw. And maybe that will happen in the summer. What I do now - it seems that there are fewer phone calls to the police.)
One complaint - music is waaay too loud. Way too loud.Feels like the crappy bars that I had no choice to go to when I lived in Central PA.  I didn't feel comfortable hanging out here and the bathroom was completely broken.it's a fucking dive bar people! no pretentious hipster attitudes. they're still working on their food permit but they let you order from neighboring restaurants. bartenders are nice and efficient. they even provided my friend and me with some menus so we can order some grub. i've been looking for a local bar since moving into the neighborhood last year. so glad i found this spot!This is a funky little dive do not go expecting something different they have a pool table to have a good jukebox along bar dessert drinks and a good selection but what you should order off the bar menu is the classic version of the chicken wings I repeat order the classic version of the chicken wings you're welcomeWow this place is off the hook! The food is awesome, the atmosphere is chill, nice pool table and the wings awwwwwww my Lawd you got to get you some!Honey Garlic Wings!!!! That's all you need to know at this place! This is so a very diverse bar which gives off a free spirited vibe which is also cool. But the honey garlic wings are the true champions here! Definitely stop by if passing 49th and Baltimore avenue!Rough around the edges, but the food here is incredible for the price. I have lived in Philly for the better part of 20 years and have learned during that time that our city is an amazing food city. The Barn lives up. No frills, delicious food, amazing value. I had the smoked half chicken, which could not have been better prepared, crispy skin and moist. My girlfriend had the burger. Seriously, a contender for best burger in the city. The beer selection is respectable, small but with many good choices. Also, not your father's root beer. They have it. Try it. And try The Barn!$2 PBR and a great price on some really good wings. They do the citywide. 
Wish they had other cheap drinks or maybe a few more nice beers on tap, as I'm more likely to be willing to pay more for a craft if it's from tap and not a bottle.
Overall good neighborhood spot.A nice dive spot in west philly with great $4 city wides and an electic mix of beer selections (including $2 pbrs).I like it. It was a fun night out with the friends, pool was great, and drinks were what you would expect at a dive. Actually it was the first time I had ever had a $4 city wide with Crown Royal... Although this was because they ran out of cheap whiskey, I'll take it. I'll definitely be back soon.I spend a lot of time and money at a bar that I don't really enjoy very much- but it's a testament to what other reviewers have pointed out: West Philly needed a shitty dive bar on Baltimore, and that's exactly what this place is.
The menu and food preparation seem to be getting better all the time, and the new sign helps, but I'm at a breaking point with the unhygienic, broken down, "fuck you" of a women's bathroom. Is the door hanging off its hinges to the floor, the lack of soap and hand towels an aesthetic choice? I say something every time I'm in there, and the staff say "I know, we tell the owner..." 
The vibe at The Barn is 'I'm depressed, and I'm gonna drink until I don't remember," and we all feel like that sometimes. So yeah, it fills a void.I always kind of assumed this was a an old man type of bar and never even considered going inside, but boy am I so glad my friend convinced me to give it a try. 
It's a hole-in-the-wall type of place, for sure - musty smell, sticky floors, dirty bathrooms, etc. But the drinks are cheap ($4 city wides) and it's always packed with a younger crowd looking to have a good time.I loved the barn! they had great wings with two sauces, which were both good. I liked that you could order just a half order of wings ($5!). and I had several citywide specials at affordable prices. the bartenders were really nice and friendly and we watched the local news and LOLed together. they made it seem like I wasn't essentially paying them to pretend to be my friends and I barely felt like I was drinking alone on a Tuesday at 4pm.It's not perfect, but it's a dive bar with cheap drinks and music. There was some live music the night I was there. The service was good and the drinks I ordered were decent. I live in the area and would probably go here again. It could use some more seating.
I look forward to them adding food to the menu.Great prices! Also the food is way better than you'd expect if you were to judge a book by its cover. Good music and easy to get a pool table. 
Only down sides were A. the bathrooms are absolutely disgusting. I wouldn't wash my hands in there. B. Also it took a really long time to get our food.The constant blasting of the jukebox is the worst, especially before 11pm on weekdays. Customers are routinely held hostage by that one group of friends looping "Ignition (Remix)" endlessly at 8pm on a Tuesday. Particularly, the tables right next to the speakers are a special kind of headache-inducing, incomprehensibly loud, neon-lit inferno. 
Also the name! Oh, that horrible, terrible, dreadful, no-good name!
Why the stars then? The drinks are as cheap as the Ethiopian bars in the neighborhood and there's slightly more variety, the bartenders are friendly and seem experienced, there's a bit of a queer scene developing here, it's not the gentrified caricature the terrible name implies, I like sitting on couches when drinking beer, the pool table is a huge plus, and the board games are alright.
Calling this a 2.5 star for right now.Good news! The women's restrooms are, at this very moment, under construction! I was slightly hesitant to visit this dive bar after reading the less than enthusiastic Yelp reviews, but I found this watering hole to be exactly what I needed on a chill Saturday night.
A lot of the reviews mention the deplorable state of the women's bathrooms, so I felt it necessary to note the bar's effort to answer those complaints - I imagine the renovation will be complete within a matter of days, so if that's your hesitation with visiting this spot, it no longer a worry.
$2 PBR on draft, $4 city wide, $5 pickleback shots. Cheap drinks, casual vibe, outdoor patio seating. Just a no frills bar with decent people.I asked for recommendations of great wing spots and got an overwhelming number of votes in favor of The Barn, so I went with the popular vote. Upon arrival I spot two pool tables in the back, a cozy little area complete with a bookcase full of board games, and a full bar with 3 big tv screens. Ok, I'll stay I thought. Happy hour goes until 6:30pm and I was not disappointed in their house margarita nor the sangarita (think sangria and margarita had a baby). Shots are also reasonably priced and the bartenders and food runners were all pleasant. The wings...THE WINGS! I had the original and the garlic parmesan. Perfectly fried yet still juicy. Their housemade chipotle bbq sauce aka "Barn sauce" paired well with the original wings. The gparm wings were evenly coated and a small order which comes with about 10 wing dings for $6 were soon demolished. I noticed everybody getting on this place in their review about the bathrooms. Yes, the bathrooms are a hot mess. No secret. However, I've been to many dive bars and, not to excuse it, but it kinda comes with the territory. All in all, I will be back to try the other wing flavors and watch the next big game here.Nicely mixed crowd, excellent beer selection and a dope everyday beer special- citywides & Pabst drafts. Best thing of all is the smoked & fried wingsThis place is a dump and the women's bathroom is dark and scary and smells like blue cheese. And the patrons are gnarly looking. But their redeeming qualities are their French fries and the fact that they decent ac which is less than I can say about dock street. Fuck.Third visit and I will not return. Previously had been pleased with the garlic wings. They were fresh & hot. Today I was given old, lukewarm wings. One was missing a part. When I told the barmaid I was returning them, she tried to debate me. 
I also had an order of mozzarella sticks. They looked fine but were barely warm. The warmest item was my draft beer. 
I don't care if it's a "dive" bar. Cold beer & hot wings is not asking for much.Came here to play some pool and had a great time! Got a couple of PBRs for less than $5. Played a couple canes of pool, like $1.25 a piece but $10 for 10. Cool atmosphere, loved it!My boyfriend and I really like this spot! It's a dive bar and both staff, clientele, and music they play are pretty eclectic. Bartenders are friendly, and drinks are decent and very reasonably priced. The wings though are pretty damn good. Especially the honey garlic wings and the smoked wings. Their fries are also really good! The tacos are a little dry and they don't have salsa, which I don't understand at all lol. But maybe it's one of those dive bar quirks. ‍Overall, this is a chill neighborhood spot with cheap drinks and good wings so we will be coming here a lot (already went like three times lol).This place fills a definite void in the neighborhood. The bartenders are really nice and its drinks are well priced (though I have not had the cocktails). The bottle and can selection is solid, and there is a great level of diversity in patrons. 
However, they could use some better selections on tap. Why would anyone want Rolling Rock or other macro-beers on tap when they could just get it in can? Make those can only and rotate some great pale ales.
Regarding the food: I ate their smashburger and was not very impressed. Why not just charge an extra dollar or two make it come with fries or some sort of legit side? The chips are a little sad-sack. The beef was also very under seasoned. You can do a minimal approach if the meat is of good quality (which I'm not sure is what they are going for), but either way you need to at least sufficiently salt and pepper it. My suggestion is that this place focuses on a pared down menu with rotating options and really fine tunes each offering. 
Next, the decor: I'm fine with the simplicity inside. The outside sign, however, is really sad. I'm not calling for some sort of yuppie lodge style signage but maybe go for something a little more than just poorly painted text on ply wood. Take a cue from the Pope's (Pub on Passynunk East) signage.
Lastly, the jukebox: Last time I was in it was flooded with heavy metal songs. That might be OK in some cases. I can go for a Guns N' Roses song or ACDC, but this was a barrage of really terrible bro neo-metal for over half an hour. We actually left because it was so bad. 
There have also been times when someone has put on the Grateful Dead for up to an hour, with some songs lasting over ten minutes. Music democracy doesn't quite work in public spaces and is better left to home. Regulars give these people a hard time, but we're all still stuck with basically the same song for far too long. 
The music the bartenders play is great; they focus on 90s and aughts popular R&B. The ideal scenario would be to do away with the bizarre digital jukebox that can access too much music to allow for a properly curated experience and have the staff DJ or else introduce a properly curated jukebox. Or maybe some hybrid of the two.
This place certainly fills a hole left by the demise of Elena's Soul Lounge, but with additional measures, it could be a truly great addition to Baltimore.Wings are delicious and prices for drinks are good, but they got our order wrong twice. Considering we sent it back once and they got it wrong again it doesn't inspire a lot of confidence. We just ate it the second time because what's the point
It's very divey, which I don't mind, but keep that in mindA little rough around the edges, but still a good time. Monday nights are karoake night, so if that isn't your thing, it will feel a little dominating. It's totally an undone project, but maybe that is part of the appeal. It's kind of a testament to "if you build it, they will come." For the Barn, it's more like "if you half-build it, they will come." The environment is the irony of it. A dive bar where everything is a buck more than it should be (but still out of stock, as was in our case--the distributor didn't drop off the cans that day). 
At 49th and Catherine, right against development edge, this bar is a microcosm of how even West Philly crust-punks can gentrify. Dingy and as a rule undone, but still exclusive to whom it markets to and attracts. It's not affordability that prevents long-term residents from joining the party, it's an aesthetic. The aesthetic that says: we could make this better, we just aren't. And we like it that way. There's a little privilege in that.Why? Someone call the health dept on the barn. This place has mouse shit all over the bar. While open. All the furniture is busted, torn, ripped open, the management is non existent, they're always out of food items, the food is super inconsistent, kitchen slow. There were like 6-8 houseflies buzzing around us and fruit flies a plenty. Bartenders are nice tho. And they fixed the ac. But fuck the barn, I would rather go anywhere else that takes pride in their space and business.Lol I edit my orig review from saying someone please call the health dept on this place bc SOMEONE DID LOL they straight up had and have mouse shit all over the bar. While open. All the furniture is busted, torn, ripped open, the management is non existent, they're always out of food items, the food is super inconsistent, kitchen slow. There were like 6-8 houseflies buzzing around us and fruit flies a plenty. No menu online, decrepit bathroom and old falling apart furniture, runs out of food constantly, poorly trained unhappy staff, no one answers the phone, robberies and shootings all the time. Definition of misery. And they fixed the ac. But fuck the barn, I would rather go anywhere else that takes pride in their space and business.Here on a saturday night! While i've been here several times before, tried tacos for the first time tonight as well as getting the opinion of a few friends. In the past, i've had ya little wings and fries, and I do recommend the place for food and bar snacks, as well as very very cheap drinks, city wides and beers. While there isn't much that is craft or fancy, this no-frills spot is ideal for playing pool, getting multiple drinks with a low tab, and getting bar treats that really can't be matched.
Tried the tacos and met new friends just by sitting down, which was a nice treat in West. Usually it's hard to break into conversations but tonight was especially friendly with a big crowd, and just sitting near new people struck up conversation that was really refreshing and happy! 
The taco was fresh, with chicken they tasted grilled with a really spicy and fresh sauce and another type that was a savory, tasty mushroom taco with tangy sauce. I really appreciate the culture here and the specials that they offer. Honestly, I can't think of a dive bar that tops this wholesome, yummy experience!The barn is dirty af but I love it. It has cheap beer, picklebacks, bangin wings, pool tables, outdoor seating, and chill bartenders. It's always full of different types of folks from around d the neighborhood, and it's convenient. It's a true and beloved dive.Wondering why The Barn is closed from time to time? Well it keeps getting shut down by the health department, and for some reason being allowed to reopen its doors. From their most recent health inspection (and the last one was equally as atrocious) June 2019:
"Mouse feces was found on the table in food prep area and in the corners of prep and warewashing areas; a large amount of drain flies were found throughout bar area, especially around beer dispensing hose; paper towel, trash can and soap were not available at hand wash sink in food prep area; a Person in Charge was not present at all times; cooked potentially hazardous ready-to-eat food including soups and sauces that were prepared in the food facility and held for more than 48 hours, located in the refrigerator, were not date marked with the date they were prepared; potentially hazardous opened commercially processed ready-to-eat food including shredded cheese, located in the refrigerator, and held more than 48 hours, was not marked with the date it was opened; there was a leak on hand washing sink in prep and and on wash and sanitizing compartments of warewashing sinks; there was an unapproved domestic refrigerators and reach-in freezer; the prep sink was not sealed to wall; the refrigerator gasket cover was missing; the cold holding unit was not in use/operational; there was inadequate lighting throughout facility."The drinks was a little bit weak but the food is good not to mention I do love my black owned restaurant my black owned businesses so I had a pretty good time it was a nice environment.Man, I really wanted to like this place.  It's a great location which could really anchor a key corner of Cedar Park.  
However...the ambiance is terrible.  It's hard to describe but basically it's the visual equivalent of listening to band in which all instruments are tuned half a step off from one another.  Nothing works, it's awkward and your eye doesn't know where to go.  One exception is cool lighting at the bar, but that only makes the rest of the place look even worse.
As a new place, you would think they would want to encourage groups of people.  Nope- just a couple of random love seats and a few tables for four. No seating for large parties.  
Drinks are ok pricewise but they are extremely weak.  Also, the bartenders need some help.  One of my friends ordered a G & T, and was served it- in a shot glass.  Not ironically or anything "cool" like that.  Then, another friend ordering the same after the glass size issue was cleared up was asked "Do you want lime in your G & T?"  Um, yes as that is standard in AMERICA, we do.
Music was some sort of insane funk mix that words cannot describe because it was so awesome.  jk. It was terrible and also did not fit anything going on.  Oh yeah, and this was when they HAD A DJ.  Not playing off of a poorly selected Pandora station that slipped the mind of the staff.  It was chosen.  ON PURPOSE.  And like the decor, did not make any sense in the environment or contribute positively to the vibe.
Also... the name is THE WORST.  I heard it was because the Farmacy owners claimed that people call the Farmacy "the Farm" and that the "Bar(n)" was supposed to be complementary. A of all, no one, except maybe the owners themselves, call the Farmacy the Farm.  B of all, the Bar(n) is the WORST.  Please change asap.  K. Thx.  
I get that the new management wanted to open fast and start doing business but this is not the way to make new neighbors & customers feel like you respect them.  It felt like the operators just assume that people in the area will patronize them no matter what because they are describing themselves as a cool new place.  
Also, there should be some way to make this a cool fusion place that draws customers from a variety of socio-economic and racial backgrounds.  Sadly, this business that previously served a largely black clientele has now switched to being almost exclusively white.  There's a middle ground- I hope they find it.  In other areas, they need to seriously rethink their business strategy.Came to get some takeout and meet up with a friend for a hot minute, but to my surprise, limited seating was available and spaced out pretty good so I decided to eat in. I ordered a cheese steak because I'm always curious how everyone makes their version of a classic Philly cheesesteak and I usually only come to the Barn for a good drink and to watch people play pool like pros. I dunno why, but ppl are insanely good at pool here. 
The food took waaaaaay longer than I thought to come; like darn near an hour. I didn't mind because I was hanging out, but if I was getting takeout I would be annoyed. Their were alot of ppl ordering so I kept that in mind.
I barely remember what the drink tasted like. I know I ordered a margarita but it tasted like a long island so I have no idea if I got the wrong drink or it was made wrong. The beer I had afterwards made up for it tho. My food finally came and it was surprisingly worth the wait! The cheesesteak was HEFTY and very very HOT! The fries looked perfect. Funny enough, my buddy asked for a few fries and I shared at first, but I was like "umm order your own, I really like my fries" lol
The cheesesteak was really flavorful, moist, and not overcooked. The cheesesteak was pretty hard to pick up because it was soooo hot and the bread was kind of falling apart, but I really enjoyed every bit of it. The fries were a great crispy compliment, too. I'll def be ordering the cheese steak again, but I hope it doesn't take an hour.Do not eat at the Barn. Let me repeat do not eat at the Barn. A roach walked across the bar counter to greet me. Luckily my friend killed it. When we got the female bartenders attention she refused to remove it because she was afraid to touch it. When she summoned her male counterpart he laughed and said he should eat it. 
We ordered food from the Asian restaurant next door and brought it in. The female bartender was annoyed and asked us not to do that. When I asked for my tab she put a 30% tip on it. Hell no! I politely changed the tip and left. I guess it's not her fault o didn't spend more money but hell the place is nasty. 
I had heard stories in the past about uncleanliness but I wanted to think the place had improved.This place is alright. I like the old school vibe. And honestly, I think it's a great idea that they have opened up with little change to the old decor. Start making some money and make renovations little by little. It's a work in progress, but it's packed every night. I've lived on Baltimore Ave for 3 years, and since Elena's Soul burned down, I've been thirsty for a place on the Avenue that isn't Ethiopian. I enjoy the African jawns, but could we have some variety? I would really like to be able to walk and have a beer and eat something other than injera. So I'm looking forward to seeing their menu when the kitchen opens. It's also nice to have a place where we can play pool or grab a board game and chill with friends or dance it out on the floor. They have live DJs and will have live music soon. I see it kind of as a Tattooed Moms meets the Barbary someday. This place is already a success, and it's not even finished yet. I would really like to see them put up a new sign out front, though. My only criticism.So I'll start by saying that the other reviewers are absolutely right about the bathroom situation: the women's bathroom is absolutely atrocious. One of the stall doors is unattached, and the other one doesn't lock and you have to hold the door in place the entire time. On a crowded Friday or Saturday night, I would probably find somewhere else to use the bathroom. 
We visited on a pleasant Saturday afternoon during Porchfest. I will disagree with other reviewers by saying the bartender was very friendly and nice. We had originally come in because other reviewers said there were vegan nachos on the menu (there are not), so we ended up ordering the fries, which satisfied our craving for something crunchy and fried. The draft beer was ice cold and $6, and we drank it out on the patio, so it was a pretty great experience. Other than the bathrooms, I have no complaints; seems like a legit neighborhood dive.Great place. A mixed crowd which makes it way more relaxed. My favorite to go to. Bartenders always pleasant and smiling. The prices are really fare . Always new drafts available. And let's not forget about the "citywide" whiskey and a beer for $4.Best gay bar in the city.  The bartenders are HOT and the beer is cold.  What more is there to know?Okay, this is my first visit to the bar(n) and I like it.  The drinks are reasonable for the area, board games available, jukebox, pool table and "city wide".  Im a huge fan of most establishments that offer the citywide.  The barmaid is attentive an it seems like a cool local bar. I'll have to stop by another time but later in the evening to see if my review is valid.If I could distill the coolness of Baltimore Ave in the 90s, before Penn's community exploded, I'd say the barn is a pretty good representation of what grade school me would have thought a bar in West Philly would be like.
The barn looks like the kinda place where a Philly version of Roadhouse might be filmed, which naturally would lead to better beer and musical choices. I'm pretty sure Patrick Swayze's inexplicable presence (RIP) would be the only thing that would make things cooler.
Here is what you need to do to enjoy the barn:
1. Get a drink.
2. Enjoy the music or watch some TV.
3. Oh hey, they have food. That's not what you're here for so if you're judging it one way or the other you're ignoring steps 1 and 2.
The most 90s Philly thing about the Barn is that it's not a destination. It's the anti-destination. You just end up there because of a school trip or something and find out, hey, this place rules.
Don't come here for handmade cocktails - come here for a strong pour of x liquor plus y mixer. Don't come here for beers you can only get in 5 places on the East Coast - they have everything local (and macro) that you might need. Don't come here for haute cuisine - come here for bigass piles of greasy goodness that will armor your stomach for too many shots.
And while I'm on the subject of "handmade cocktails," I don't even know how to process that idea. For the record, I love cocktails. But how the hell were we making cocktails before? With robots? Why did we stop? Because of what happened in Terminator 2?
Ah, 90s Philly.The Barn is definitely an interesting place to venture to on any random day. It is divey AF and the cleanliness level is mildly suspect but the bartenders are really nice.
Their bar is pretty large and they have a nice variety of beers and liquor for cheap and pickleback shots for around $3. The food isn't all that bad - I'd definitely want to try out their wings the next time around. 
The interior can be pretty loud, especially when they have the jukebox  and the ball games blaring at the same time, so if you're not into loud spaces, you could also just venture to their outdoor seating area. There's also a pool table in the back if you're into that. 
The crowd is most definitely a mixed bag which is always nice to see and be around. If you're looking for something quaint and upscale, this ain't it but if you wanna just chill out, do some light people watching while drinking cheap PBR, come on by.How did I go this long without giving the Barn its fifth star?
This is a magical place. All types come here but snooty yuppies. It's a Philly-ass place with a great jukebox, anything you could possibly want to drink (City Wides!), and amazing staff.
And I have to amend my previous review: the food here also hits. It's not haute-cuisine but you're in a place called "the Barn," take your sideways gentrified expectations elsewhere, ya bum.
During the pandemic lockdowns, the Barn was legit one of the few places I was just thinking of constantly, being like "please don't close."
I've had weeks where I've been here three different times with three different groups of friends.
If that doesn't deserve five stars, nothing does.