This is a new favorite place for breakfast and lunch! Ingredients are fresh and plentiful! The storefront is also very cute and spacious. Definitely a new frequent patron!This place was very disorganized when I was there. There seemed to be enough people working, however the woman taking my order was on the phone at the same time. It was very annoying as she was talking to two people at once. Consequently I was very flustered when giving my order. I didn't realize it until I left that they never asked me if I wanted the bagels toasted or not, so they weren't. Honestly I thought that would be the default at a bagel shop. Partly my fault for not being more clear. Will try this place again though because the bagel flavors and cream cheese flavors were very good.As much as I would like to see the Bagel place succeed, the bottom line for me is the product and the product seems consistently underbaked. The lack of a good outer crust and uniform shape make slicing them difficult.Great bagels the everything bagel is perfect. Bacon egg and cheese my go to sandwich. Going to get one right now. This is the spot for bagels in Philadelphia.We stopped in for lunch and they were pretty much out of bagels. We ordered a sandwich (smoked beet reuben) which very good. We wanted to take a half dozen home with us and they said more bagels would be ready in a few minutes. The bagels are very good. The decor is very nice with a large dining area and a small lounge area. The service was pleasant. They got crushed by the crowds and sold out early. They need a little time to work out the kinks which is expected and the owner is a very nice guy. Hoping that they become a fixture in the neighborhood.Great bagels.  Good service, terrific neighborhood place.  Bagels are soft on inside and crisp on outside.  Nice selection of bagels and flavored cream cheese.Sure.  They're new.   But they serve great bagels and great sandwiches and great coffee.   And the space is fantastic.  And the location is perfect.   Welcome to the neighborhood.Popped in her on Saturday morning to get breakfast. Had a bacon egg and cheese on a bagel and a coffee. Place was neat, clean, and very spacious. Bagel was very good as was the coffee. Excited this place is walkable from where I live. Will definitely  be back.Delicious bagels! As a former New Yorker who loves bagels these were great NY style bagels. I'll def be coming back lots!Bella Vista/Queen Village was hurting for a place like this! The bagels are perfect and lots of variety in flavors and spreads too. I got a whole wheat everything bagel and my boyfriend got an egg and cheese on sesame, both were awesome. They serve La Colombe coffee at an affordable price. The place has a great atmosphere with lovely music and artwork. Big enough to bring a stroller in and spacious enough to spread out and study too. We have worked it into our Sunday routine! Happy to support a local business that makes the neighborhood a better place.If you are in any sort of rush do not go here.  It took 45 minutes to get two bagel sandwiches!  
Here are my suggestions working in the Foodservice industry:
1.) Ordering
      -Add another register or have multiple people taking orders and then move them along to pay at a separate station.  This way you can get people through the line and get your tickets to the back faster.
2.) Layout of the store
     - Currently the overflow of people waiting to order overtakes the seating you have in the store.  I would create zig zag style (similar to an airport security check) on the rectangular space by the register.  
   - Move the condiment section towards the window facing 4th street 
3.) Name bagel sandwiches after Philly celebrities.  Like "The Rocky" or "Billy Penn".  
4.). Your bagels are too soft.  Your dough is too wet.  Do some product testing in the off hours to improve the recipe.  
Hopefully someone from the store reads these posts and takes some feedback.  Your business will not survive if you don't evolve and change.  It only takes one bad experience to have someone never come back.
Good luck!Wanted to like this place. Not feeling it At. All. Prices are NYC prices (literally. I work in NYC and prices are similar) Bialys were waaaaayyyyyy undercooked.  Sausage on saus. egg and cheese was undercooked.
Everything bagel was incredibly salty and undercooked.  The garlic chive cream cheese was salty (how does that happen?!) The structure of the bagel was more like a roll.
Still hungry bc I barely ate the everything bagel, I got a cinnamon raisin w/maple walnut cream cheese.  This time heated.  The bagel was more bagel-like but still did not have that chewiness that a great bagel has.  Also I think they oven heated instead of toasted the bagel.  This made the bagel way too warm when they put the cream cheese on so when I got it- the cream cheese had all melted off the bagel.  Who wants that!?!?!
This place looks nice and fancy and gentrified (if you're into that "new philly" feel), but the food was totally neglected IMO.  Silly bc you're on 4th.  You are not far from South St bagels and btwn Queen and Bainbridge there is Red Hook, Hungry Pigeon, and 4th street- all of which have MUCH better food and more for your money.  We live close.  Loving this place would have been awesome.  We absolutely did not.  If they want to make it they are going to have to get back in the kitchen and rethink EVERYTHING bagel related.  A sad story for a place called 'The Bagel Place'.  
My 'bagel place' is gonna stay South St. Bagels.I like The Bagel Place for several reasons.  They are (unordered)
- I can walk here
- Fresh bagels
- Stroller friendly
- decent prices
I've been in several times and have always been greeted by kind workers.  The place has a really nice look and feel to it.  It's comfortable regardless if you are just there for a few minutes or even if you linger a bit.  In my opinion, it's warm and welcoming.
Of all of the bagels I've tried, I've been most impressed with the Rosemary and Black Pepper.  That paired with plain cream cheese was a really good meal.  I did my normal routine of picking this up to go and taking my son to the park so I can eat with one hand and push him on the swings with the other.
The fridge to the right of the counter has a number of selections of water, juices and La Colombe draft lattes.  They also serve brewed La Colombe which is a nice touch.
This is a very good addition and filled a real gap in our hood.I just tried The Bagel Place this past weekend and now I am nervous because of how good it was! This could be a very dangerous addiction for me! P. went in and ordered while I waited in the car with the dog (there was a lot of street parking around the corner from the store, which was helpful). We tried the sausage, egg, and cheese breakfast sandwich on an everything bagel (yum! the salt of the bagel kicked off the sweetness of the sausage to perfection!), I got the everything bagel with veggie cream cheese (very interesting texture contrast; crunch fresh veggies with creamy homemade cream cheese) and P., the pickle addict, of course, had the everything bagel with pickle spread. All were really interesting and delicious and i can't praise the bagel itself enough. I love everything bagels, but they HAVE to include salt. This one was perfect and reminded me of the ones i used to be able to get when I lived in North Jersey. P. said that the staff were extremely friendly and wanted to come back again to sit in because they were so pleasant. We will definitely be back to test out some other bagel flavors and spreads.2 bagels with cream cheese = 45 mins. Bagels were interesting and good but took way too long.Finally made it to this spot on Tuesday and I'm so psyched I did! Even though I delayed going, I am a massive bagel fan! The bagels/cream cheese are a little more expensive than other bagel spots in the neighborhood, but it's completely worth it!  I ordered a everything bagel toasted with veggie spread. I wish I had my phone on me to take a picture of it. The veggie cream cheese was so packed with vegetables. I usually expect some shavings or finely cut veg to make me feel better about eating a bagel, but this has chunks of them, and the bagel texture was actually bagel like(less roll like)
So good! Will definitely be going back!What's not to love about a local bagel shop crafting Philadelphia's best batch of bagels? The Bagel Place offers and outstanding menu of bagels and bagel sandwiches, served up with the warm friendliness of a courteous staff and in a fun atmosphere with plenty of tables and open space. As former New Yorkers, we have high expectations for bagels and The Bagel Place delivers top notch quality. We will most certainly be back again and again and we're lucky to have The Bagel Place in our neighborhood.Cute bagel shop with plenty of space to sit and have breakfast. They have plenty of bagels and assorted cream cheese to choose from. Friendly staff and super clean. Took the kids here on a Sunday for breakfast. Our kids love bagels so they were happy to be there.Used to love this place until today.. Waited for 15 minutes for half a dozen bagels only to leave without them after watching the guy preparing everyone's orders rub his nose multiple times and then use his bare hands to grab the bagels and pack orders. Even the woman ahead of me noticed and commented how gross it was. After he handed me my bagels, I mentioned that I had watched him multiple times rub his nose and then use his bare hands to grab mine and everyone else's orders and asked if he could use gloves or bakery paper to repack my order. Instead of being polite and repacking my order, he tried to argue that he didn't rub his nose. I wouldn't wait for 15 minutes for 6 bagels only to refuse them if he WASN'T rubbing his nose. Either way, there's no excuse for food being touched with unwashed bare hands. I won't be returning.Littered all of South Philly with paper menus placed on every doorstep. 
Won't go there.  Will tell people not to go there.My family and I are so thrilled to have this bagel place in the neighborhood . The bagels are delicious and the service has been great. We hope they are here for a while!Gotta try this place- extremely fresh! People are very nice and helpful - definitely coming back here!First time at The Bagel Place and absolutely loved it! I got a Turkey bacon, egg and cheese on a French toast bagel. May seem like the oddest combination but it works. It's basically getting French toast with eggs and bacon. I like a sweet and savory combination. Definitely would recommend this place.Good neighborhood spot for bagels. The bagels are fresh and chewy but without much of a crust. Cream cheese is fresh and tasty - please add jalapeno cream cheese guys! Haven't tried the sandwiches so can't speak to those but everything we had was tasty and quick. Nice space.Located street-corner side at the intersection of 3rd and Queen. TBP has a bright, inviting space with just enough corner nooks, tables, and hi-tops. The bagels are fluffy, doughy and flavorful, though imo the cream cheese is the real deal here and has over 10 flavors of variety. Some of my favorites have been the everything, garlic, or sesame bagel with scallion cream cheese. Sandwiches here worth trying, particularly enjoyed the sautéed portobello veggie sandwichGreat textured bagels way above average, really good coffee, very friendly staff,  super clean. Outstanding spot. Have tried the sun dried tomato, blueberry, egg, french toast, and everything bagels. Also had the blueberry and apple cinnamon spreads none disappoint. Do yourself a favor and try them out.Great new bagel spot!  The service was very quick and the price point seems better than a lot of other bagel shops. 
Since moving to Philly I've been on the hunt for a NY style bagel and this is the closest I've found.  I will absolutely be back!Yes, they are new and the service is still getting worked out, but the space and food are a great addition to the neighborhood. And the people working there could not have been nicer. They bring some interesting flavors in bagels and spreads (I'm stuck on the rosemary and cracked pepper bagel and bleu cheese and rosemary cream cheese). A large sandwich menu means this place is not just for breakfast. La Colombe coffee, enough said. A big enough space with a ramp so I can comfortably come in with a stroller and sit and eat a bagel with the kids! As a neighbor, I'm so glad this place has moved into the neighborhood!This is the first Yelp review I have ever done in all of my 36 years of living on this Earth because THAT IS HOW GOOD the garlic and chive cream cheese is from The Bagel Place. I don't even have words. I wake up in the middle of the night with sweaty palms thinking about it. The bagels here are also delicious, just the right amount of doughy. If you're a garlic lover, get here immediately for that spread, it's epic. Hands down the best cream cheese I have ever tasted.We were so happy to have a new bagel shop In QV! The bagels are 5 stars. I love a fresh, soft bagel with a slight crunch. Extra points for having a ramp for strollers. The only slight negative is that I wish they toasted their bagel sandwiches so the cheese would melt and hold it together. The sandwich was still good, but would have been even better if it was toasted. I also wish they had matzoh ball soup consistently since its on the menu. I want to try it! 
I could see how having only one register will be an issue on busy mornings once everyone figures this place out - but so far we haven't had any issues.I come here on the reg for the basil pesto bagel. If you've never had one, you're missing out. I've also been pleased with the pretzel bagels and sesame bagels. Although locals have often recommended I go to another area bagel spot, I am a Bagel Place loyalist because their bagels are just the right amount of chewy and dense. 
They're not cheap, but really folks, that's what grocery store bagel bins are for. 
This place is usually packed on the weekends and the breakfast sammies look delicious. I wouldn't know because I'm faithful to my bagel and cream cheese or just loose bagels to enhance my home breakfast spread. I wish they would put a jalapeño cheddar bagel into the regular rotation and I do NOT recommend the veggie cream cheese unless you're really into chunks of carrot, celery and onion.i saw the bacon egg and cheese on an everything bagel posted on instagram and honestly came in just to try that based on that post. the space is gorgeous, clean and modern. the menu is mouth watering and they're doing breakfast right. having only ordered the sandwich i wish i had more to
snack on cause i'm a fat kid. but next time i'll get a few things and eat till i have to be rolled out of the door. the older woman (sorry, you're not old! i'm just young) was very sweet and quick to call is when our order was up. i over heard owners talking to guest and they seemed nice. def going to ask to meet one of them next time and thank them for bringing better breakfasts to philly.Five stars! Food was excellent, and this bagel shop is exactly what Queen Village needed. It has a ramp for strollers, plenty of room to do work during the day, and the inside is beautiful.This place is definitely a new favorite!! The inside is super spacious and the artwork on the walls are so cute and funny. There is an overall minimal vibe going on. Now onto the bagelsssss...SO! GOOD!! I've tried the monte cristo which was oozing with cheese..amazing. Pictured below is their avocado BLT which is also amazing. The workers were very friendly and nice which is a plus. I came in with my almost one year old nephew so he was walking around mingling with the customers and it was overall a great experience with great food. I can't wait to come back.Really nice place! The bagels are made fresh & are delicious! Great atmosphere and quite relaxing.
The prices are very reasonable.
There is artwork displayed on the walls that you can purchase. I guess they feature different artists. The staff is great. Very friendly with awesome customer service.
I would definitely recommend The Bagel Place and would certainly come back if in the area.Bagels are quite good (soft, good variety) and the garlic and chive cream cheese is the best cream cheese I've ever had. Super delicious. Coffee is only ok, but the bagels and cream cheese make up for it. Staff was very friendly, seems like a nice place to stop and hang out as well.Had an excellent customer service experience. The blue cheese cream cheese is quite tasty.Best bagels I've ever eaten, and I've eaten a lot of bagels in 58 years! The Roasted Portobello and Smoked Beet Reuben sandwiches are delicious. The soups are also incredible. I could eat here every day.Reasonable price for great food!! I am rather particular when ordering a bagel sandwich and they were attentive and accommodating to correctly make it!  We tried 2 different cream cheeses and they were amazing.  I feel like a crappy bagel place can still survive in a busy area and I am happy to have found a great one!  The bagels were flavorful and not too dense. Also, a big thing for me is the everything bagel being seasoned on both sides!   Long story short- we loved everything we had and the staff was great.  Please visit this wonderful bagel shop.  You won't regret it.I ordered a bagel through an app and asked if they could put extra butter on my bagel. They charged me an extra $1.08. A dollar for a little more butter? I've never heard of a breakfast spot charging for that, let alone that much. Not exaggerating, I was going there at least twice a week since I recently moved nearby and had brought friends there but being greedy just lost them a customer.This place is just PHENOMENAL! We were visiting from the NYC area and are very particular about our bagels. The menu is great, the bagels are PERFECT and fresh! The staff is friendly and kind! Ringo, the owner is an absolute delight! The decor and atmosphere are smart, fun, streamlined, comfortable and inviting. We will most definitely be back when we visit Philly again! RUN don't walk to The Bagel Place!!!Best bagels! Ive tried blueberry, rosemary and cracked pepper, and multiple spreads. Delicious and such great owners. Run there immediately!The bagels are not the best in the city by a long shot. The Everything bagel I had was small and chewy. They do have an interesting selection of bagel flavors though. I'm not sure why a dozen bagels would be priced at 19 dollars. Having been to 30+ bagel spots in NJ, NY and PA that's the highest price I have seen for a dozen! Someone needs to work on those price points.I really hope that this review changes to 5 stars in the future.  
I know they just opened up and are working out the kinks, but I've been twice.  First time we had 2 bagel sandwiches.  The second time, we picked up 6 bagels to go.  
Both times it took about 30 minutes to receive my order.
While the bagels and the sandwiches are good, the service is really slow.My experience wasn't great. Being a local I was excited about this place opening. Unfortunately, I didn't have a great experience. No one said hello or acknowledged me. When it was my time to order she barely said a word I had to say hello to her! I ordered a turkey sandwich that was supposed to come with Bacon and they forgot to put it on. Also, when I payed she asked me for change. Seriously?The time to wait was pretty long too for it not being busy.  What's disappointing is they treated the customer before me with warmth and kindness but not for me.
I understand new places take time to work out the kinks. But acknowledgement and friendliness goes a long way.  I won't be returning where I felt ignored.Catering Review - We used The Bagel Place to cater our brunch this past weekend. We ordered several platters, including: Smoked Fish, mini muffins, mixed fruit, baked desserts, and, of course, a box of La Colombe coffee. The food in each platter was generously portioned and exceptionally good in taste/flavor. The presentation of each platter was absolutely superb. Working with Ringo during the ordering and pick-up process was seamless and he is a delight to work with. We cannot recommend The Bagel Place highly enough for catering your next brunch- you will not be disappointed! Thank you, Ringo and The Bagel Place employees- you were instrumental in making our brunch experience a success!Had an issue with flyers around South Philly.  Owner addressed issue.  Thanks for getting back to me!Delicious bagels and great atmosphere. Its my new favorite place. The rosemary cracked pepper bagel is amazing.Love having The Bagel Place in the neighborhood. Their BLT is excellent and I like that there's room for strollers but still space to get around- many coffee shops in Queen Village feel cramped. 
I have to take off a star for 2 things: 
1: Every time I ask for a toasted bagel, they can't seem to toast it enough. It's barely toasted.
2: On two separate visits, someone else has taken my order. Either they aren't calling out names loud enough or I've had bad luck with impatient customers. ;)This newer bagel shop has everything a bagel lover desires. Great bagel varieties, schmears, breakfast and lunch sandwiches. The well lit, modern eating area is comfortable and relaxing. Easily 5 stars.This was my second visit. 1st time a disaster. It was opening weekend with long lines and inexperienced staff. Needless to say I was not impressed by anything including the bagel.
Fast forward to today, over my snit and wanted a bagel. Rye bagel with apple cinnamon cream cheese. It was great. So good I'm heading back to my neighborhood bagel place this weekend.Really nice addition to the neighborhood, we've been a couple of times and come away very happy each time.  Plenty of seating if you'd like to eat there.
They have a strong selection of bagels and spreads, with a great menu of sandwiches as well.  We've only had bagels at this point, but they had a great texture and we'll be back for more.
Only negative is that they don't allow you to call ahead your order and pick it up???  Not sure what the thought process is there, doesn't work well with us and our two infants.  Walked by and they were empty on my way to a competitor that happily took my money.Dill Cream cheese I got this morning was moldy and dated for 7/6/17 when i got it out later to schmear. Guesswork would lead me to believe that was the production date since sell by was crossed out. Bummer to see fresh dairy served not so fresh since I work in the dairy field. Tried calling and got no answer. Otherwise, an ok bfast sandwich n coffee I had there.The service and checkout system at this place is terrible and disorganized. It's took me 15 minutes to get three bagels. I was late for work. Cashier doesn't really listen to what you say
I hope they get it  together because I want to come back.Finally got to try this place today and it was worth the wait!  Lots of options to choose from...I got the rosemary & cracked pepper.  Bagel was perfect!  Not too hard, not too soft.  Can't wait to go back!After growing up in northern NJ with bagels making up a pretty significant portion of my diet, it was a tough transition to Philly's consistently sub-par bagel game... until now! The Bagel Place's bagels are chewy (as bagels should be!) and they've hit both the traditional flavors (the everything bagel was excellent) and some inventive ones (rosemary & cracked pepper was my favorite with french toast a close second). The space also seems like it'll be a great hang out. Will be returning for more soon!Very fresh bagels and delicious food. I definitely recommend this place. The manager Ringo is honestly a true hospitality professional. I placed an order in advance and when I called to mention certain items were not included, he not only called me personally to handle the mishap, he also welcomed me and my family to visit the shop next time we are in town for a treat. I have not seen customer service handled like this in a long time! If Ringo does not own the place, the owners need to make sure they take care of him because he does a great job at retaining customers and turning any situation into a positive experience at the Bagel Place.First time here.  An assortment of bagels but I must point out that they have egg bagels which takes me back to my Brooklyn days.  And my dudes loved their bagel egg sandwich so this place is a win!i saw the bacon egg and cheese on an everything bagel posted on instagram and honestly came in just to try that based on that post. the space is gorgeous, clean and modern. the menu is mouth watering and they're doing breakfast right. having only ordered the sandwich i wish i had more to
snack on cause i'm a fat kid. but next time i'll get a few things and eat till i have to be rolled out of the door. the older woman (sorry, you're not old! i'm just young) was very sweet and quick to call is when our order was up. i over heard owners talking to guest and they seemed nice. def going to ask to meet one of them next time and thank them for bringing better breakfasts to philly.I am partial to the yummy Cubano and always love a good sesame with lox and capers. A great addition to Fourth Street. The owner has been a great neighbor, contributing to QVNA and other community events.One of the best bagels I've had in Philly. The egg and cheese is delicious, very comfortable space and a great staff.beautiful, well-kept shop with delicious sandwiches. the guy at the counter was super friendly and helped me come up with a sandwich that was just what I was looking for (basically a variation on their Monte Cristo, but without the ham and adding jam to make it sort of like a turkey with jam and brie). great food and great atmosphere!Overall, food is good. It's the bagel shop we all needed in the neighborhood. But it's supposed to be a no think, stop and go, low stress type of place. I called and placed an order on a Sunday morning to go. I went. There was no take out line separate from the rest and waited 16 minutes. The woman said it would take 10 for take out, a half hour ago. I then wait for my order which was not even started while I waited 16 minutes in line after calling first. The couple behind me got their food first. It's just not a functional way or supporting customers. The annoyance for our order just was not worth it.This is a place to go. Lots of great spreads, fun sandwiches, and the bagels are top notch. Rosemary and cracked pepper bagel, pretzel bagel, and the everything bagels are some of their best. 
Fun atmosphere, great food, and neat locationBest sable I've had in my life! We got 3 bagels, all with different spreads, and a quarter pound of some amazing sable. Wash it down with La Colombe iced coffee, and I'm a happy guy. Definitely will be back soon.I have a love/hate relationship with this place. It's a great space, delicious bagels, and close to the playground and my house. But there's this one girl who works the register/takes orders who is so unfriendly it makes me want to not even order something. The first few times I encountered her I gave her the benefit of the doubt, but today she was especially miserable which annoyed me. You're the first person a customer sees, at least fake a smile and ask what I want to order instead of just standing there acting like I'm bothering you.Walked in around 10am to try out this new bagel place! I'm a little picky since I lived in New York for 6 years  and the bagels in NY are the best . But I have finally found a place in philly that reminds me of Ny bagels !!!!! Hallelujah! I was starting to get worried I wouldn't find a legit bags place in philly.... And yes I've tried them all! Believe me !!!So happy this place opened up in the neighborhood. The bagels are incredible, very fresh and the owner is very friendly. I will be going back regularly!Love this place. Good bagels. Excellent sandwiches. Nice people.A lovely bagelry in south philly. Great place to go when the wait is far too long at other brunch places in town.I had gotten delivery from here a few times, and then I discovered the physical location (by chance!). I love this little cafe - great seating, WiFi, good bagels, and decent bagel sandwiches. I recommend the chicken pesto (less so the deviled egg sandwich). Everyone was super friendly, and service was quick. I have a feeling I will be going back here often.Terrific bagels (I tried the salt and the rosemary, both were great) and spreads (dill pickle was terrific, my kids loved the strawberry on the French toast). The lox was like butter. Solid coffee. My service was pretty quick, but if things don't move as fast as you like, remember that they're brand new. I think they'll work out the kinks pretty quickly.Love this place so much! Their cream cheese is everything. I've gone here for breakfast and lunch. Also good spot for la Colombe coffee. 
Reuben on Rye bagel. Amazing if you like reubens. 
Avocado BLT is great. 
Bagel with cream cheese get one every single time (to share) 
Lox Special is delish.  
Classes BEC is good too. 
Plus, the staff is always nice! The wait on the weekends can be long because the demand for bagels on a Saturday or Sunday morning. Weekdays it is quick and easy! 
We will keep coming back :)These bagels are good. Not exceptional, but goods. Their veggie cream cheese is exceptional, if you like a chopped salad barely held together with cream cheese, which I happen to. Did they get my order right? Not so much, but they were close and the counter guys are super friendly. Their iced coffee is nice and strong and they have comfortable seating. You could do worse.The Bagel Place is seriously the bee's knees. I went on a Sunday around 10am -- there was a long line, but it moved really quickly. The staff was super friendly and the cashier, Mary, was able to hook it up with some killer suggestions. I didn't know what kind of spread to get on the Rosemary and Cracked Pepper bagel I was dying to try, and she suggested the garlic and chive spread. It was spot on! I was with a friend, so we split that and got an egg and cheese sandwich on an Everything bagel...also amazing. The food came out quickly and the coffee was great (La Colombe). Even though it was busy, we had no problem finding some comfy seats; we opted for the couches near the back of the joint. Again, the staff was super friendly and came by a couple times to see how things were going. There is Wifi for all the laptop junkies, and awesome art by local artists for sale on the walls. This is going to be my weekend haunt for sure!
It is a much needed business in this neighborhood. I highly recommend checking it out!This place is the bomb. Bagels and cream cheese are soo fresh! Best cream cheese in the city. Oh & the avocado blt is to die for.Really spectacular bagels!!! Great creamed cheeses. We'll be back often. Pretzel bagel is perfection. Good space for families.Its the best New York Style bagel you can get in Philly. The saddest thing about leaving the neighborhood is not being able to get one of the best breakfast sandwiches around.  Kid loves this place too...  very child friendly.  Great staff, great food, great space.I live out of town but have friends in Philly and really love visiting this spot when I'm in the area! I love that one can satisfy either a traditional deli craving (e.g., an everything bagel with lox, or smoked sable-- there are SO FEW places to get stable!), or explore and be delighted by a unique taste. Their pesto bagel is the best I've ever had-- really flavorful. And if the dill pickle spread sounds good to you (maybe not on pesto bagel, though that's really your call), you'll like it even MORE than you expect. The Cubano sandwich was so good, I got ANOTHER one for the drive back to DC. I really wish I lived closer, so I could be a regular here.The Bagel Place absolutely saved my morning! After a GrubHub failure they went above and beyond to make sure I had what I needed to feed 9 hungry execs first thing in the AM in RECORD TIME - under an hour. The food/coffee arrived hot/fresh and they even sent a piece of cake to make me smile after the rough morning I had. YOU CAN'T BUY service like that! THANK YOU AGAIN!