Hello, so after my review 5 months ago, I continued to go to engerjucier and I have to say it has got much better. They are really adamant about great customer service and appreciation. I guess sometimes instead of lashing out, if you let the business know about your experience they can try to fix the problem. With that being said I will continue to support and buy the super kale smoothie, acaci bowls as well as a shot of what grass.The smoothies are sugar water, ice and a couple handfuls of the fruits/veggies that you choose. Everything looked decently fresh, but not great, and with all of that added sugar there's no way it's that good for you.I always get off on Suburban station to get to the office everyday and i ALWAYS stop by this place for my favorite Acai Energy SmoothieConvenient & quick location with a great selection. I always stop by when I want a smoothie. The acai bowls are great too!I have been getting more or less the same smoothie for the better part of a year now and the quality has been decling and is a hit or miss depending upon who makes it.
I get a Refresh, with extra ginger and they always make sure to charge me extra, but have now started to skimp on the portions, significantly so that I watch them as they put in the ingredients.
After my last visit I decided to no longer patronize this location since they won't listen to how I want MY smoothie made.Overpriced, decent smoothies and acai bowls.
I respect the efforts to clearly label the vegan friendly options but it is just another overpriced juice bar. Their acai bowl was OK but not nearly as good as Jamba Juice. Too expensive for what you get. 
It is, however, convenient for any vegan getting off at Surburban Station.Used to love this place up until I found out that they try to scam me with my supplements. The employees behind the counter act as if they're adding my supplements (that I have to pay extra for, mind you) but they only pretend to put it in. The employees themselves can also need to learn how to adjust their attitudes when approaching customers, especially the short woman with a birthmark on her forehead. 
I feel like if I'm paying for something I should be getting just that. Not being scammed. Will start going to Animo from now on.I go to engerjucier every day Monday to Friday morning and get a medium go green. It's no wait,  the price is right, and you get a free juice after your 9th one. The staff is great, but every now and then the young girl seems to have an attitude,  but my drink is still great. You know  these melliumn babies, don't know no better..... over all I been going there now for about 6months they have everything you need, it's like going to a heath bar...Sometimes when you're hungover and have been eating crap all weekend and you're going home to hang out with your family you just need to energize yourself with some fruits and vegetables. I know this place is convenient, and looks cheap, but trust me and resist the urge. 
One of the worst smoothies I have had in my life. I got the kale mango something or other and was excited for those leafy greens and fresh fruit.  What I got was ice, sugar, and very little fruit or flavor, in that order. If I closed my eyes I could swear I was drinking a dirt flavored coolata from Dunkin Donuts. That's not a compliment. I threw half of it out. And I hate wasting food/money. 
P.S. The only reason they have 3 stars is because they give you a fruit smoothie for a 5 star review.  Now I love free shit but I wouldn't do that to you guys. The only thing they're juicing here is your wallet,  and the only thing you'll be energized to do after this is rage about how bad it wasGreat acai bowls and smoothies. Convenient location in Suburban Station so I can grab on my way into work. Also love the spot on rewards program, buy 9 get your 10th free. :)I frequent this place at least 2-3 times a week as it is close to my office.. Always delicious.. And now with the extra vitamin powder added it is even better! Service is always friendly.. And I'm glad they started accepting credit cards! Worth a stop if you in Suburban Station!Been on a hunt for acai bowls in Philly for a while now. Passed this place one day and saw that they have acai bowls so had to try one. They have two sizes, small and large. Small is about $6 and large is about $8. The bowl is half acai, blueberries, banana, strawberries and granola. 50cent extra for coconut flakes. 
Overall it was really good, but over priced for the amount. And it was extra charges for add ons. I shared the large bowl with another person as a mid day snack. I probably would not go back again, because the same thing can be made at home with frozen acai packets from Wholefoods and more toppings.I received a free smoothie as a result of 9 visits to this place. Today was the day I would get a free smoothie. I ordered my smoothie and was told that I would have to pay extra for almond milk. This disclaimer was not written stating that some of the ingredients you would not get free. I then had to pay $3.50 for almond on a medium drink. For that amount I could have purchase a 1/2 gallon myself. I will not return to this place again. I feel like I was taken advantage and yes it only take one time and I'm done. ‍
Of course your staff gave different information. Not surprised. I would love to hear what they had to say.As stated before I will not return so I don't need a free anything. All of this occurred and the same day I receive a email about raised prices.......please. You want another star???? Not from me. I am sick and tired of unfair pricing period. ‍Super Kale Smoothie was good 
Classic Samba Acai Bowl came out of a freezer. Contents were literally frozen. Not exactly what you want when trying to order food that is fresh fruits and veggies. They cut fresh banana on top to mask the frozen acai and strawberries underneath. Very disappointing.Great rebranding and clean storefront. Friendly employees, quick service and delicious smoothies. They make an awesome Acai Bowl and always have great snacks for breakfast and lunch. Love the loyalty program as well!Unfriendly staff. They all seem to have nasty attitudes. I would rather spend my money where at least I'm treated nicely.Shame on you Enerjuicer for charging $.75 for a piece of fruit at your Suburban Station Location.  Philadelphia is constantly rated at the bottom of the top 100 fittest cities.  You can get a donught and coffee at Dunkin Donuts for about the same price.Thought I was ordering a healthy, natural smoothie, as it was advertised, but the attendant added frozen sugar water to the concoction. Stop cheeping out, if I wanted an ICEE I would have gone to 7-11. What a disappointment.DO NOT purchase an Avocado salad bagel sandwich from this establishment. For $3.99 you get one lettuce leaf, three sliced cherry tomatoes and I have no clue where the avocado salad went but it wasn't visible on the bagel. If I didn't have to hop on the train, I would have returned it for a refund. Unfortunately, they prepared the sandwich out of view and wrap it in foil so you are unaware until you go to dig in.Have had about three shakes from this place so far. The fruit shakes are not bad and I would order them again. The protein shake was a bit sandy though and did not have much flavor other than a horrible aftertaste. Prices are a bit high, spent about $5 on the protein shake and around $4.30 on the fruit shake. I want it to be my go to juice bar, but there is nothing grabbing me to come back.This place has stepped up their game.  About a year ago it felt a bit old and behind the times, especially since it was cash only. Now for some reason, its brighter and the staff seem friendlier and takes cards.  I'm really digging the combo which is 8 bucks with tax and you get a bagel with healthy fillings and a medium shake.   I got the avocado bagel with spinach and tomatoes with a banana and peanut butter shake and I was not hungry all day.  Delicious!
In response to Guy - My favorite shake is Banana, Peanut Butter and Cherries with the no-sugar mix.The smoothies are always fantastic! They use fresh products, and are very friendly. However, their acai bowls were disappointing. It was hard to eat since most of it was frozen, and it was semi flavorless.I received a free smoothie as a result of 9 visits to this place. Today was the day I would get a free smoothie. I ordered my smoothie and was told that I would have to pay extra for almond milk. This disclaimer was not written stating that some of the ingredients you would not get free. I then had to pay $3.50 for almond on a medium drink. For that amount I could have purchase a 1/2 gallon myself. I will not return to this place again. I feel like I was taken advantage of today, never again. 
YES IT ONLY TAKE ONE TIME!
Of course your staff gave different information. Not surprised. I would love to hear what they had to say.As stated before I will not return so I don't need a free anything. All of this occurred and the same day I receive a email about raised prices.......please. You want another star???? Not from me. I am sick and tired of unfair pricing period. ‍I have been buying smoothies from here almost every day since they starting taking credit cards (very recently). It's conveniently located in suburban station and the fruit is generally really fresh; they also have a decent selection of Greek yogurts that can be mixed in with the fruit. The prices are a little higher than at a lot of the food trucks but it's more justifiable now that they will accept cards.This is my absolute favorite place to grab lunch. Their smoothies are fresh, delicious, and well priced. The service is very friendly and quick.
I have yet to try their veggie burgers, but they always look and smell delicious. I will review again once I have tried them.I've been getting custom juices from enerjuicer for a few months now. Every time I was rang up, I would get a different price for the same juice depending on who was behind the register. Today, I ordered a juice off the menu hoping I could easily exchange apples and celery for a lemon, but I got a carrot juice. Beats and lemon were almost nonexistent, not to mention a cube of ginger dropped in. This is so embarrassing, not only that I will not give them my business anymore, I will also ensure to let all of my friends and coworkers know not to go here anymore as they will be ripped off!!Enerjuicer is a wonderful alternative to the high-calorie, high-sugar smoothies one finds everywhere.   They use only fruit, slush and the vitamins/protein of your choice.  Shakes are also high in fiber.  They offer a wide variety of juice choices as well.  Service is quick and they office loyalty discounts.  A great way to start the day.Delicious and fresh, good price. Love this juice. ESEarlier in the year this was the spot for acai bowls. Now they have become lazy in taking the easy route and pre making and freezing their acai bowls. Goodbye to the nice plum-colored fresh acai bowls, it now feels like I eat a chunk of electric freeze. Please go back to making them on the spot.Very good drinks and they are usually very quick. The fruit is always full of flavor and there is a good variety to choose from.Let's be real. This is a smoothie place in a train station. You can't really expect too much from a  place in a location like that. The smoothies are always a hit or miss. Sometimes even the employees give you bad attitudes and love rolling their eyes at you when you ask for a custom smoothie. Would probably enjoy this place much more if it weren't for the rude employees, more so the young gentlemen who thought it was ok to curse me out in Spanish.I was a regular customer until today.  Common business sense should tell you it is a better investment to exchange a flat $3 bottle of Pellegrino than risk loosing a regular customer.  I went into the store strictly to purchase a seltzer.  Once to the register I had to purchase something  additional because I had to use a credit/drbit card.  However, overall I was satisfied with the service. Unfortunately when I opened the bottle I immediately noticed I didn't hear the typical carbonation sound. After sipping the seltzer, my hunch was confirmed.  The seltzer was virtually flat.  I drink this brand regularly and know what it should be.  I returned to the store and said as much.  I *politely* let the same person who acted as cashier when I purchased my beverage that although it wasn't entirely flat it was definitely not fresh & was semi-flat.  She looked at me and did not respond.  I asked if I could please exchange the beverage, she conferred with a coworker in a language I don't understand- so I am unable to say who made the decision to provide poor, and expensive, customer service.  Then she looked at me, shook her head to indicate no and told me "no one else has ever said that"  I said that is fine, but that I'd never return.  
Additionally, anyone ordering juices or smoothies from here should be aware that some of the fruit they use is canned (pineapple & mandarin oranges.)
This used to be where I ate whenever I am at Suburban Station, since the have vegetarian options.  
I will never return, and will tell anyone who asks, about this awful customer service.  
They just lost several hundred dollars/yr, instead of exchanging a flat beverage.this is beyond disgusting ! 
i ordered the Power Special Smoothie and it tastes so horrible...for the price that i'm paying this should taste like the best smoothie on the market! nearly $6 
 it pretty much taste like water with ice and half a slice of fruit in it! 
never back again!I ordered the strawberry-banana fruit juice. Considering we were underground and not on a tropical island I wasn't expecting any miracles. They managed to lower my already low expectations with a watered down version of Kool-Aid. 
The fruit was displayed beautifully and the customer service was great. Unfortunately you still left without much of a taste in your mouth.Shocked at the quality. Canned peaches? And I'm pretty sure I saw maraschino cherries...if anyone knows how those are made, they should not be put in a 'health' juice. 
Wheat grass shots were extremely cheap at $1.25, but once I looked at the fruit quality, I'm hesitant to purchase anything!I've been having a down week, so I'll start off by saying my expectations were not very high. at all. I was craving fresh fruit and a smoothie. I ordered the Berries Smoothie with B-something or other for depression. HA! And grabbed a container of (what looked to be) fresh fruit. Climb up to my office and taste my smoothie. I drink protein shakes/smoothies often and they aren't always incredible, but this one. This one had absolutely no flavor. AND it felt like I was chewing on sand. I couldn't choke down more than a sip or two. Tossed THAT in the trash. Then, I opened my "fresh" fruit. Popped a kiwi in my mouth without paying too much attention. SOUR. Not "oh yum, tart sour", but "holy crap that's mold sour". I then took a good look down into the middle of the fruit. Mold. They'd given me moldy fruit and a sandy smoothie. I'm not impressed and I will NEVER be going there again.Enerjuicer is a great cheap alternative to Animo which is another juice bar across the street. I come here pretty much weekly and I've been pleased with everything I've tried - the detox smoothie, hummus wrap, flu shot, super kale smoothie, go green smoothie, the heart beat smoothie, acai bowl, and the green tea shot. I will say the acai bowl from Animo is better but Enerjuicer is far more reasonably priced. If you get the acai bowl, it is made frozen so you might want to give it time to let it sit. 
Enerjuicer has an impressive variety of juices, fresh fruits, veggie burgers, sandwiches, and snacks (granola bars, veggies straws, Special-K snacks, etc.) They have a freezer with pre-made bagel thin sandwiches and prepackaged dates. The staff is super nice and they're very quick with service. The location is convenient as it sits right in suburban station amongst the rail lines and close to the entrance to the food court in the Comcast center. I believe they have a scorecard deal that if you buy 9 smoothies, the 10th is free. I work right above Enerjuicer so I plan to be back again and again.Complete garbage
Overpriced especially since the base is ice, No almond milk, No coconut milk, No juice base 
So $8 for ice and Non organic fruits and vegetables yikes 
Also they made smoothies for 2 people behind me in line before they made mine and never spoke to me to explain why my smoothie had not been made.
Also the wheatgrass is not behind glass so good luck drinking that, but everything else isThe cheap alternative to Animno across the street for smoothies and juices. Everything is very fresh and the options are truly endless. I love the create your own option. I've also tried the Acaí and Protein Power.
You would be surprised that there is a spot like this in the less than glamorous Suburban Station. 
The staff is friendly and I can't wait to go back and try their acaí bowls.Every morning I have to rush to catch the commuter rail to work every day and I often have to skip breakfast because of it. I ended up getting ready one morning earlier than usual and decide to stop and try the detox smoothie which has a good mixture of fruits and vegetables(also low in calories). 
I was pretty satisfied with the taste of this specific smoothie. However, I do think this is something that I could have made at home if I was willing to buy all the ingredients.
There is a lot of ingredients and I believe that you can make your own smoothie. I wish there were more liquid based options to make it more versatile, but the drink was still very refreshing and not sugary like other major smoothie places.I visited Enerjuicer about four times over the past two months to try different menu options and I have not had a bad drink from them yet. I haven't tried their food options (i.e burger) because I have a weird thing about getting a burger from a smoothie spot. Obviously, burgers aren't their specialty, 
Anyways, my favorite is the Rise and Shine, which is a combo of oats, dates, bananas, oranges; which is PERFECT for breakfast. Since it lays in the ever crowded Suburban Station they are overpriced, however, I would recommend it as a visit. Not a daily visit.Acai bowl was great! My review is regarding the online order option.  I ordered online ahead of time to pick up on my lunch break. When I got there, the employees did not have an order for me. They were able to accommodate me and make my order quickly,  However,  it is misleading to have the order ahead option,  if the stores are not receiving the orders. I would suggest either getting rid of the online order option or to have the orders go to the specific location you would like so it is ready for pickup. Again, the employees were fantastic and very friendly and helpful! But the orders do not get to them!I finally decided to venture out and try a new smoothie/acai bowl place and can say I was thoroughly disappointed with the acai bowl I got. I ordered the original samba and had to pay extra for blueberries and coconut, which come standard at other, slightly more expensive spots. With the blueberries and coconut, the price ended up being the same as ordering from another place. I got my bowl and went to work without checking on it. When I opened it, I was surprised to see very little acai! It was almost entirely granola and banana with small amounts of strawberries and blueberries. I ate two bites before realizing that the granola had dehydrated strawberries in it - which I can't really eat - and the whole bowl had a sickly, fake sweet taste to it. 
I have not tried the smoothies, even though some of them looked tasty, but would definitely not recommend this place.I come here pretty occasionally right before heading to work. My go-to is a Go Green w/ protein, no sugar. Honestly, I would be so much more of a regular if it didn't cost me $8+ every visit. I love the friendly staff, the drinks are always good but I can't justify the price for merely getting a cold, blended up vegetable drink.Their green smoothie is the best I love it so much and they pack so much fruit and veggies in the cup. Their not open at 6 anymore it seems like tho.Throughly enjoy a few different options on their menu. Always great service and fresh ingredients.My boyfriend and I traveled to Philly on March 13, 2020 to go see our favorite band play at WCL. We decided to make a trip out of it and stay a few days. The following day we were in the mood for something super greasy that would cure our hangover from the night before. We walked into this super nice juice bar where the staff greeted us the moment we stepped through the door. We don't travel to Philly frequently, so we don't really know where to get a good, classic cheesesteak. We were so pleasantly surprised with how GREAT their cheesesteak was. At first I was skeptical because it's a juice bar and I really didn't think they could be great at both but they were awesome and we left with our tummies full and happy with enough energy to explore the city. An older gentleman, maybe the owner? Not sure, but he was so kind and in such a great mood the moment he walked in. We told him we weren't from the area and he was so nice to offer us coupons for the next time we returned. Needless to say, we had such a great experience because of the staff alone; the cheesesteak was the cherry on top. Thank you for your wonderful service! We shall return soon!Delicious!!!! I ordered the super kale smoothie and it was the perfect amount of sweetness, and the kale was masked pretty well haha. Management was really friendly, and I didn't have to wait long for my order to be ready!Their large is legitimately HUGE and their flavors are fun. I'm a protein shake fan myself- whey protein, bananas, strawberries, and pb get me thru long days. The wait can be 10 min if you hit it during the train rush hour, but we're all standing there for a reason. It is worth it.Fair warning - these are not delicious smoothies made with fresh fruit. These are fake syrupy smoothies that are sugary and gross. Not worth the moneyMy girls and I came here on a Sunday & the smoothies and chicken tinders are SO AMAZING!! Curt is so nice too!
10/10 would recommend !!!They are always on point. Quick and friendly. It is clean, which is a BIG deal, especially being underground, at least from what I can see. Smoothies are always delish.I typically order my morning juice from this place. The juice/smoothie prices are moderate, when compared to more expensive spots like Pure Fare. But anyway, today I walk up and witness the lady cough into her wrist and proceed with the grapes... 
*keeps walking*Love my smoothie and acai bowl! I always try out something new and they never disappoint. Great healthy take out place.Came at 7:30 ish and the lady rushed me to "hurry up and order because we'll close soon". Okayyy. Not off to a great start but I'm here for juice so w/e.
Ordered the kale smoothie and wanted to do the yelp check in for a large upgrade. Nope. She denied ever seeing it and refused to honor the yelp check in even when I showed her my phone. Okayyyyyy. 
At this point my experience was already bad but I'm just patiently waiting for my juice to come bc ya girl is thirsty as hell. The smoothie was mediocre and nothing special for a $8 large cup. Will never come back.Decided to give them another try in need of something fresh I went in and ordered a shake with papaya,  mango and pineapple I must say a better experience this time and I was happy with what I got over all I will definitely be back it was different than the first time, and the lady actually greeted me this timeI went this morning wuth fresh juice on my mind, for 1 the ladies there has the nastiest attitudes.  And I decided to get beets, cucumber,  and kale juice and was charged $6.80 so for the attitude and the price im going to buy my self a juicer today I will never support another location ever.Just ordered on GrubHub and my juice was delivered on time. Great packaging and my juice tasted delicious and fresh. Thanks for the delivery option so I can enjoy my juice!Best açaí smoothies in Philly! Best bang for the buck. Very nice people. Excellent value.Great smoothies, quick service, and the most reasonably priced smoothie place around this area.The smoothies are well priced and very delicious. I mostly go for either the green smoothies (super kale or go green) or the protein power and am never disappointed. Having all the fruits and vegetables on display helps you feel like you're making a good choice regardless of what you end up ordering.
The acai bowls are good but are very frozen, so give them about ten minutes to thaw if you choose to order one.I come here very often for smoothies. They're produce is very fresh and delicious! They have a good selection of smoothies! Staff is friendly. I will keep coming back here over the end few years!Love the Heart Beet juice!  I can't have anything sweet so I was recommended less beets and more ginger.  It was very good and it really fills you up.The Enerjuicer is finally re-opened! I haven't come by yet but the juice bar looks modern and clean. Can't wait to check it out.Good place to grab something filling when on the run through Suburban Station. The staff is very nice and their work area is pristine. Like many smoothie places, the prices are a bit high, but I've never had a smoothie I didn't like, and you can't beat the convenience they offer with location and how quickly they whip up your order.They do work quickly here which is a plus when you are on the go to your train.  Other than that,  much of their juices and smoothies leave a lot to be desired.  Using frozen fruits and vegetables results in a lack of flavor  add to that the ice and sugar they add to it and the result is something far from tasty or even that healthy.  I've gone about three times and no combination of ingredients improves the drinks. 
Go to sookhees right around the corner for something delicious and fresh and healthy.