If you're thinking of the Bean Cafe, think hipster-divey. The place is tiny and has very few tables, but it's got great character and it's clean. If you don't believe me, go downstairs and check out the bathrooms. Absolutely covered in graffiti and stickers. See if you can spot yours truly on the ceiling! hahaha.
While the ambiance of this place is great, I have to admit that the coffee is nothing special. It's prepared carefully, but it's not anything that I would rave about. The baked goods section is pretty good-- I've ordered the Irish cream cupcake before and it was really tasty! Overall, a better choice than Starbucks, but not the alpha and omega of my coffee existence.what can i say great tea-hot coco and the goodies i  must have a treat every time im in
there thats my weakness and jen the owner is great the whole staff too  you can sit and talk not just to the people sitting there but the workers thats important mitchell center cityI must say, while I love small businesses and always am sure to tip there, for my coffee I'll head right to Starbucks. Only thing that wakes me up. The bean cafe though is different, their coffee keeps me up for hours and its perfect. The atmosphere is perfect, the baristas are pretty cool and it is an overall good experience. They have now made a lifelong customer out of me :)The Brownies are ridiculous I literally walked and ate half the brownie. I saved the rest of the other half for my coworkers to try it. I got to work and asked one of my coworkers to try the brownie. Her first words were incredible where did you get them from! So then my other coworker tried it and she said they were amazing. So now we want to buy all the brownies!!Not really a review more of a comment/complaint. Says it's open on Sunday mornings at 7am. Drove off of 95 to visit at 8am and it was shut.Never had anything from here and as of now they currently do not have live music but I hope that will change! The girl at the counter was nice enough to allow me to drop off some of my business cards :)The drinks are pretty cheap, and I like that it's generally not crowded despite being on South Street. The staff is friendly and patient.Green Tea smoothies and cute puppy with slimy dinosaur toy = Happy Karla mornings. =]Went there twice, liked the atmosphere..  Easy going kind of place.  The drinks were made to order and delicious.An unfortunately unimpressive coffee shop, sorry to say.  The Bean is weak by comparison to the many other great coffee joints in the area (Chapterhouse, Red Hook, Java Co., Bean Exchange) in terms of both coffee quality and overall atmosphere.
Ordered a cappuccino (part of my quest to try one everywhere in the city) and it was possibly the least inspiring one thus far.
3 stars (as opposed to 2... sorry...) as a shout-out to ANY business that attempts to elevate the consciousness of South Street.I love The Bean!  Barista's are friendly, ambiance is comfortable and quiet, drinks are  delicious! The only reason why they didn't get five stars from me is that there is some inconsistency with the drinks. Some barista's make my drink perfect, others I'm convinced just give me steamed milk.  Some recommendations: the white hot chocolate is to die for when made right, the peanut butter blondies, breakfast sandwiches and the heath bar latte :)Hmm...3.5 stars.  They indeed have hipster-type employees, but they've never been rude.  I'm used to indie coffeehouse indifference, so it doesn't bother me.  Coffee is decent.  The vibe is cool without the awful cheese of South Street.
It's a good place if you *need* coffee when you are in the area or if you want to sit with a friend.  I doubt I'd go out of my way to come here to hang out or just for their brew, but it's a nice reprieve from South Street.2015 review: After getting a new owner The Bean has become one of the greatest coffee shop experiences my friends & I have had! 
I came there with my boyfriend before in 2007 & if wasn't a very welcoming environment. When I arrived in August of 2014 I was amazed as to how much the place has improved! But not be fooled by renovations I ordered a "Butterfinger latte" paired with homemade Banana Bread. My friend got a chai iced latte with a homemade brownie. We were so infatuated with The Bean that we vowed to always choose it over any chain coffee shop nearby!
After coming here so frequently I could tell you a thing or two about the place! 
When you come in you're always greeted with a charming & friendly familiar face! Either the owner or morning barista who will be happy to assist you with any of your caffeine, decaf, latte, mocha, iced coffee, hot coco, bean freeze and plenty other needs. (they also have a verity of chilled Mexican sodas, Pelloginos, Aloe Water as well as many other hard to find soft drinks & juices offered at a very low price)
As for food they have croissants, verity bagels; you can add bacon, eggs and or cream cheese to. Baked goods such as homemade dessert breads, cookies, muffins, apple turnovers. The options are endless. 
Now what the bean itself has to offer: they have internet wifi which is useful on days you have to study, get work done, or just get some emails out. They have free dog treats when you walk in if you have a pup with you! 
One of the most underrated things about this place I think is the endless PHOTO OPPORTUNITIES! The Beans bathroom stairs are filled with eye catching art & witty graffiti placed by regulars as well as locals! (If you have a poem you want to get off your chest there's a place to write it!) The main area is more conservative with framed art all around the walls that's switched out every other month. Sometimes the owner will place interesting conversation pieces around that'll leave your mind blown, nostalgic or having you wonder "what's next"!Iced coffee was watered down.
cappuccino was alright.
the two of them were $5.00 together.
Atmosphere was nice.The people who work here are very friendly and talkative. I enjoyed going in there and talking to the staff about the Giants/ Eagles rivalry.
I tried the iced pumpkin coffee and it was delicious. They have many different flavors to add in your coffee which is wonderful.Love the vibe. Lots of hot and iced coffee options. Playlist great. The guy behind the counter is super friendly and helpful.I used to go here A LOTS, (yes, with an "s" to emphasize the plural-ness of it) and seriously, the staff never ever tried to warm up to me. They were more hipster than customer service. I dont know why I went. I dont know why every time I left that place, my hair stunk of cigarettes. (wait. I think the answer is obvious) I didnt know what I was thinking. I think if theres anything I like about the place, its how the bathroom has chalk for people to write on the walls with. 
thats it.The bean, it's time I finally reviewed you seeing as I have spent a lot of time sitting at your tables, downloading things on your free wifi and drinking your iced coffee and tea. Your sandwiches are pretty good, I'm glad you offer them pressed now panini style. Your baristas are great, they deserve props for dealing with the south st nutjobs.Just got a latte from this place. Super dirty looking and worst coffee I've ever had. Waste of $4.75.Definitely not a fancy place, but more a hole in the wall, which is what I like. Coffee shops on South St. have come & gone, but the Bean has been there a long time. I've been going there for the past 13 years, it's where I go when I want to be by myself. It's not the type of place where you'll have to be subjected to loud hipsters talking about 'random' and 'ironic' things, it's mainly people by themselves on their laptops, or with one other person talking quietly. The baked goods I believe are made on the premises still. The reason I'm not giving it 5 stars is because they changed the hours first off. Second, my favorite drink there, which is an Italian Soda, is now way more expensive-they used to have a seltzer gun, but now they use bottled San Pellegrino, so it's way more expensive, & IMO not as good. But it's still good, & I like to relax with one whenever I'm down that way,Decent hot chocolate, too sweet pastries, and decent service. I have no complaints, besides the music being too loud to read. This is a perfectly fine cafe, but there is nothing special about it.The Bean Cafe is a definite South Street staple and I can most certainly understand why. I recently had the pleasure of stopping by in the late morning for a breakfast sandwich and a beverage of the coffee variety, when I realized they now offer candy bar flavored lattes!  I usually get the Milky Way, Butterfinger, or Peppermint Patty.  Plus, it's always fun to chat with friendly barista Garrett, though I'm sure the rest of the staff is equally as nice as he is.I will never go here again. 
I decided to stop in for a cup of coffee. When I got in line, the cashier was finishing up with a customer. Instead of greeting me after the person in front of me left the counter, the cashier turned, walked to the register and began counting her drawer slowly. I stood there for over a minute. 
The cash register is not even two feet from the counter. Not once did she say, "I will be right with you" or "Just a minute." She was so rude and deliberately did not say anything to me. I was so appalled that I turned around and walked out.Bland atmosphere.  Its a room with a bunch of tables.  Hey, the mocha I got there was pretty good, but I don't goto cafes for the drinks, so I didn't really care.  
If there's no reason to sit there, theres no real reason to go.
You are much better off going up the street to Chapter House Cafe, which is a thousand times better.The service is great and personable. They make my coffee how ever I want it, and always to my liking. I  usually really dig the art on display. Free WiFi... always a plus.Let me start by saying I used to drive in from Jersey on Sundays just to visit the Bean when I moved to the East Coast about 10 years ago, I loved it that much, it would have gotten 5 stars.  At that time you could even smoke inside so at times there was literally a smog cloud, I don't even smoke, but I would still go.  I now live in Philly a little over a block from the Bean, but I rarely go - so hear is why. 
Disclaimer: Before I go any further, for the record, this place is still a cool joint. 
The decor is what I would classify as contained chaos. Art is plentiful, the colors are abstract and the tunnel of doom down to the bathroom probably freaks out any tweeking teens that stumble in off of South St. The restrooms themselves are what I would imagine a sex pistols concert might have been like in the early 80s. 
Anyway, it's typically quiet inside and most people keep to themself so it's great if you want to study or read or just get lost on your computer.  The coffee is good and I think they just switched to La Columbe (the great juggernaut of Philadelphia) and their hours just changed as well to 7-10. This place used to be open from 6am to midnight, every day, no exceptions. It was one of the very few spots you could actually get a cup at 11 at night and read (if you couldn't sleep). Unfortunately, this did draw a highly diverse and devious crowd, but it's a niche calling. 
Apart from the owner, who is super friendly and awesome - so is her dog, the rest of the staff has always been hipster stiff to a little snide. You know what, I'm cool with you thinking I'm not as cool as you, but when I walk up and you look at me and I finally have to ask, "How are you, today" (which I should probably be the one greeted), don't respond, "Fine, what can I get you." This hasn't happened to me once, it's probably happened 50 times, perhaps more. 
I'm not the biggest fan of their wraps or other goods in the fridge but the baked goods (I think the owner still makes them) are just flat out awesome. Her pumpkin bread is the BEST I've ever had and I'm a pumpkin everything fiend (excluding anything that actually tastes like a real pumpkin... that yicky squash flavor!!!!) I could eat that bread by the fist full while I'm in enjoying my coffee. 
On to one of my least favorite thing... the furniture. I've always wanted to look past it but every chair and table wobbles and I'm just tired of them being sticky as well. It's just a bit gross that every time I put my arms on the table, I get that sound when I remove them, like there was soda that dried and it is now adhering to my flesh - uggg. 
Lastly, what I dig about the Bean is exactly what I dig about Philadelphia and why it works, it has that "Gritty and Shitty" feel where everything's off, unique and full of character. The baseboards and shelves are tweaked, the walls are uneven - everything in this city is like that and the Bean really personifies that look, which is pretty damn cool. You have to give them credit to maintain their clientele after Starbucks waged war on both fronts (the 9th st one opened about 6 years ago). So most R-tards who come down to South st will probably get suckered at either 4th or 9th st before even finding the Bean but the locals know it's there and still go, and that's great. 
Sorry Bean, I really wanted to give you a higher rating, I just can't right now, you've been good to me.This place is Great Coffee and Pastry and Sandwiches.  I had the Cafe Americano and the pastrami. On South Street this little cafe' is the hidden treasure of the The whole block. Service and food is just Good. 
Hippie feel but sounds and sites of Joy...
Love is in the Air in this little CAfe . Yes! Even You Can Find the Love of your Life. Sipping that Wonderful Java.. Just feeling the Breeze Cool and Comfortable..This place is A-OK if you need a place to stop in and hang for a while. As per all small businesses, it's a little overpriced, but the WiFi is free (no password needed!) and the coffee is solid. However, the place is super small, only ~20 seats total. Hurry in while there's still some space left.Great little coffee spot on South Street.
We popped in here during our recent trip to Philly after wandering around and deciding coffee was in order.  Behind the counter is a separate menu that is based off candy bars.  I went with the peppermint and a cinnamon bun.  The coffee was good and strong but it lacked any real peppermint flavor.  The cinnamon bun was one of the best I have ever had.  The icing was light and not super sweet and the pastry itself pulled apart easily.  The seating is cute and very retro.  Prices are fair and the staff is funny.This place is very cute.  They have a good selection of teas.  I love sitting outside on a summer day and people-watching.  The art on the walls is always interesting.  What I really, really love, though, is the cheesecake.  Damn, that is some good cheesecake.  Go have some.Good location and cute branding. I had an iced tea that was pretty bitter and had a hint of lemon, but not enough to make it good. The employees were talking too loud to each other for me to concentrate on reading. If I had gotten coffee it may have been a better experience..small coffee shop with a very strong punk-rocker or bohemian style vibe.. the graffiti and stickers in the restroom are quite the sight.. Have been in a here a few times for espresso drinks , they were good and servers were polite and efficient. there are just a few tables in here..To The Bean:
In the wee hours of the early morn' as I stumbled toward's my 9:40 Philosophy of Law class, the Bean came into view.  Like a substandard oasis in a really crappy desert, the Bean offered me what I needed most at the time: caffeine and lots of it.  An iced coffee was on the menu and in order to give it that much needed boost, I had them dump a shot of espresso in it as well.
The oldhead conspiracy theorists chat about economic downturn and the reliability of investment in precious metals. The big windows make a virtual cinematic experience out of the zoo that is South Street.  All in all the Bean provides a necessary addition to SS-- an in-and-out coffee joint that allows me to spend my Java dime in a place other than Starbucks. For that, I am thankful.this is a pretty good place to get a coffee. it's small and quiet though, so everyone's gonna hear your conversation if you're having one. the outdoor seating is limited but nice when it's nice out.
even though this place is pretty tiny and unassuming there's something i really like about sitting in here that i can't quite place. thumbs up.I think I like the bean simply because it's one of those indie-hipster joints where everyone seems cooler than you when you walk in. The girls at the bar are always cool and laid back and the puppy is adorable.
Whatever brand they use for their house blend is great and they usually have some fresh baked treats along the counter. [The marshmallow rice krispie treats are amazing.] There are also bagels with different topping choices for a heavier snack and there's a little cooler for colder drinks of the non-caffeinated blend by the fireplace that I'd love to see lit one day! [I don't think it would be very safe though.]
The bean's prices are the mean for your local coffee shop and you have your choice of inside seating or your outdoor view of South Street and it's sometimes not-so-appealing trends. The coolest part of the shop, besides the local artwork displays upstairs, is the completely trashed and graffiti covered bathrooms that some local artists like to use for product placement:
http://www.etsy.com/view_listing.php?listing_id=10403683
I typically only have time to check out the bean on weekends, but they're a great place to chill after a few lunchtime drinks. Until the city is doee their construction, or should I say de-construction, of South Street, I think I'll stay inside though.Rip off! Overcharges without explanation. Caveat emptor
We like to get a small coffee in a large cup and add more milk. He charged for a
Large but no warning.One of the best coffee spots in the city. Avoid the tourist trap Starbucks on 4th and south and grab your coffee here. Always friendly service and great coffee drinks. Their food options are pretty impressive also, great paninis and breakfast sandwiches.Popped in for a quick Italian soda to get out of the heat. The barista was super nice and chatted with me while he was preparing my drink. He also let me taste my drink before so I could judge whether it was too sweet or whatever...AND I got to keep the rest of the S.pellegrino!! Will def come back when it's colder and I can try the hot drinks!I love the Bean.  
First off, this is not the kind of coffee shop anybody should go to if they're looking to find that typical Center City ultra-environmentalist neo-hippie garbage.  There are no compostable plastic cups, no fair-trade Icelandic coffee grown by orphans in sustainable hydroponic gardens.   The Bean is an old-head joint.  Sure, they don't have the biggest selection, they don't have any ultra-peppy Prozac-ed out baristas, but what they do have is cheap, fresh coffee and a killer set of good vibrations.  Grab a seat near the window and catch up on local events, and check out their tricked out bathrooms.  Love it.  I'm gonna go get myself a coffee from there right now!Beans! Beans! 
They're bad for your heart
The more you brew
The more you're screwed.
This is the age of coffee-ism.
Why do you ask? Well... As you may or may not know. I worked with coffee for four years. And it's done a good number on my health. 
Coffee, especially in high-quantity will turn you into a vein-bulging lunatic and while you are giving an important meeting to promote a new product... you will lunge at any of your co-workers who begins to tap his pen on the desk while thinking of a Steely Dan song he heard at Starbucks this morning.
Do I ever love to rant and get off subject here. This is a review for "the Bean Cafe" not an essay on "Why I Hate Coffee". Though I don't hate coffee. I just wish I never started getting addicted to it; but working with coffee you have to be able to tell your customers what goes into it. If it's made with pure 100% Arabica beans. God forbid if any of you hard-working Third World farmers get any Robusta beans mixed up with my Arabica! I know where you live! Oh and here's a complimentary box of Ghostbusters 2 t-shirts for all your effort. (I'm going to hell.)
Wait! I did it again. Not mentioning the Bean! 
Ok, ok. Here it goes...
A nice lady owns and runs this South Street store with her trusty dog.
The end.
Just kidding. You think I'm that cold? Well I'm about to get colder. Well I do like the place, the space is a bit narrow, there's a cool bathroom basement area complete with local artists decorating the interior with their stickers stating "Basquiat Killed My Chance At Art". Huh? Leave the guy alone. He's dead and trust me his life was no picnic. You are meant to suffer and get recognition when you are long dead. Van Gogh would crap his ear out if he were alive to hear one of his painting sold for almost half a billion. 
Oh no! I'm trailing off subject again! YIKES! They have pretty decent goodies both veganish and not so veganish. And the owner is proud to say she does all the baking. Cool. But the prices are a bit steep but baking from scratch is no easy task in the year 2008. She is perhaps the friendliest of all her employees. Everyone else does show some form of gratitude but at the same time won't hesitate to talk about a Johnny Brenda's concert, or something they found funny in the "I love you/ I hate yous", or just say...
"I'm bored... Wanna go to Making Time this Friday... Ugh... I think this guy wants something. Um... Can I help you? Oh hey Mike! Oh I'm totally gonna be there man!" 
That sums that. And as for coffee I'm drinking tea. Though occasionally I'll sneak some coffee into my sensory palette. 
Oh another note. They usually have really cool artwork displaying in there but sometimes it looks like you have to know the people personally which can be hit or miss. Cause some of their friends never went to art school. No offense. Take some classes at Fleischer. They have free life drawing classes in the fall kids! 
DAMN THIS IS LONG! (I need a new hobby)I found this place to be expensive, and the staff, while not outright rude, were not exactly welcoming. I had a croissant, which seemed to be on-par with ones that I've baked myself that came frozen in a box to the restaurant.The woman behind the counter was possibly one of the sweetest women I could hope to encounter in the city. Helpful, attentive, and just overall good vibes -
And she makes a mean chai and chocolate mint latte also. 
I'll be paying her kindness forward and I'll also be stopping by whenever I'm in the area.Heath Bar latte was good. Way cheaper than NYC.
It was a little dark in there but we just purchased and continued on our way down south street.
The guy working was really helpful and told my boyfriend that he could make anything he wanted vegan for him and just to make the call which I thought was really helpful and nice.
Id go again, then again it was my first and only experience.Awful coffee, awful service. Asked for a latte and received luke-warm milk.. very apologetically and politely asked for them to correct it, and extremely rude guy working behind the counter refused and acted like I was trying to rip them off. He did this in front of other customers, which was pretty awkward. Horrible customer service and productService is great, the caffe mocha was the perfect amount of sweetness! Very cute cafe in general.We ventured to South Street in Philadelphia.  It was a bit of a trendier area.  We had been walking a ton, so it was time for a break.  
While in the coffee shop, we discovered that they had Italian sodas.  G had a mango cream soda.  An Italian soda is sparkling water and flavored syrup.  A cream one has obviously a bit of cream.  
I went with a strawberry one.  The barista recommended a small bit of lime soda to enhance the flavor, so I followed his recommendation.  It was refreshing.  
Then we sat outside and enjoyed the people watching.This is a really nice place. Amidst the craziness of South Street, the Bean Cafe is a little haven. It's not fancy by any means, but they keep it nice and clean. The prices aren't bad. Their iced coffee is the best I've had. Their baked goods are delicious. It's a great place to hang out and read or work too. The staff is very pleasant.I don't want to do this because the owner was super nice, but...
I came in because my usual cafe was closed for the day and this was only one block further from my apartment. The owner was happy to have my business but when I got home the entire order was pretty pitiful. I got 2 bagels, toasted with cream cheese, an iced green tea, and a cup of coffee. The bagels were nearly inedible, and they come from South St. Bagels!  The panini press that they were grilled on left some debris and marks on the bagels and they did not taste good at all. My sister complained of a strange taste in the green tea and my coffee tasted burnt. Overall the cafe is pretty shabby and there are too many other good cafe's in the area to come back, unfortunately :(We get coffee here every day.  The lady there is very nice.  Prices are low, coffee is fresh and the seating is comfy.Wow! What a place!
Coffee is what I would expect but the service is what clinched it for me. The first time I went in I was helped by a very handsome, European looking gentleman. He was all smiles! Truly a treat.
My next visit I was helped by two intelligent looking men wearing baseball caps. I was timid about the menu, but they guided me through the process. I hate South Street but I love the Bean!I try to stay away from Starbucks at all costs, but I've never had two cups of coffee at The Bean that ever tasted the same. Some were great, some really sucked. The entire place is adorable, however, and I'm sure it has a loyal following keeping them in business. I've been happy with all my hot chocolate purchases, and pastries, but not so much on the java.I have been hanging down South Street for years and this is the first time I stopped in this place. The barista behind the counter was friendly, so customer service is awesome. The Iced Americano was strong and great way to give me that jolt, but you must get the pumpkin bread. That bread was tasty, sweet, and some good fall spice. This is a cool coffee shop to sit back and chill out for a bit.I am such a fan of this cafe!  I'm a big coffee and tea nut giving that I work nights and I wake up early just to walk 6+ blocks for this delicious coffee to charge myself up for the nights.  I've had the regular coffee with is good but I'm in love with their Peppermint Patty Lattes--it literally is like a liquid version of a peppermint patty!  I recently had the Butterfinger Latte as well.  (They run around $3.50 to $4.00) I love the vibe of the place--everything from the grafitti bathroom walls to the chill music that is streaming throughout the bar.  Drink-in and you get a free refill and a cute fortune cookie!  The only thing that held me back from star #5 was the fact I haven't experienced their teas yet--too addicted to the coffee!I give it credit for still being around.  I'm not sure it's exact life span so far but I just moved back to Philadelphia after having been away for the past 4 years and I had been to the Bean Cafe back then as well....   unfortunately there's a lot of turnover for little cafes in this city, so it must be doing something right if it's still around and successful.
Every time I've gone here (and truthfully, not very much) I've been only mildly satisfied. They have coffee. They have lattes. They have some baked goods (alright, alright, their homemade pumpkin bread was amaaazzzinnnggg). Nothing really stands out about the place though, either in atmosphere or in taste quality. It's merely just O.K.The coffee is, by far, the best in the city, but the real gem of this place can (sadly) only be had during the autumn. Hot apple cider with a shot of caramel. Holy crap, it's amazing! Get a slice of the homemade pumpkin bread to go with it and you're in heaven. I look forward to it every year. The place is clean and the employees range from friendly to just doing their job, giving you what you ask for and letting you get on your way, but always on point. I love The Bean.Cute little place! I needed a caffeine boost and to charge my phone before my way home so I stopped in. Very good coffee and customer service. Quiet and peaceful. Nice atmosphere.The Bean , a great hide away from those big chain coffee places where prices can make you lite in the pockets. The atmosphere is also a change from those other places too. Local artists hang and sell their interesting cartoon-ish pieces of art on the walls. I one draw back would be the seating. I wish they would have oversize lazy-boy chairs because than I wouldn't leave at all. Great Espresso and Teas !!!! While drinking your hot or cold drink , surf the net on the free wifi.We stopped in to the Bean Cafe one afternoon last week looking for a quick cup. It's a cute little coffee shop and I had high hopes. I was immediately annoyed because the gentleman behind the bar and a young lady who worked there but was on her way out the door carried a conversation on for about three minutes before either of them acknowledged the fact that we were standing there in front of them. Apparently, the young man is in a band and the woman was going to come see him play. He was going to put her name on a list so she could get in free, and I did not give a crap. And yet I had to sit there and listen to them discuss it for awhile.
Once he did acknowledge us, he told us they were out of the advertised daily special. We wound up ordering a mocha for me and a latte for my husband. My mocha was lukewarm and the cup wasn't even full. I didn't bother asking about the latte.
My guess is that we shall not be returning unless we are in a pinch. A cup of Dunkin or Wawa would have been far more satisfactory at half the price.Whoever gave this cafe more than 1 star in ratings probably know someone working there and are just trying to increase its rating because the coffee is damn AWFUL. I would not even classify their coffee as "coffee." The only way you can call it coffee is if there are quotation marks around coffee... I ordered an iced coffee and received murky water instead. After forcing two sips down, I decided to just throw it out and go elsewhere for ACTUAL coffee. Pro tip: if you want something better to drink, just go to an alleyway and drink from some hose instead.We had a bit of time to kill before going to dinner at Bistrot La Minette around the corner, so the fiancee and I popped in from the freezing weather outside and had a leisurely drink at this shop. It's got a chill atmosphere, a decent number of seats given the shop is pretty small, and crayons! (no idea why, but there are pictures with color codes and a box of Crayola at the counter if that is your thing) The tea was pretty standard, while I was a fan of the steamer - vanilla-flavored, and no part where it really tasted bland (which can happen sometimes). That said, the vanilla was a syrup, so it tasted mildly artificial and a bit sweeter than I would have preferred.
That said, it's a very laid-back joint; if you're looking for a place to get some work done or surf the interwebs while enjoying a drink, it's not a bad place. The alt-rock soundtrack adds to the ambiance as well.Idk what people are thinking with this place. I had such a strange experience here. I felt like I had walked into someone's weird apartment and they just kind of had some leftover coffee that they were like "sure you could have this three day old coffee."
The coffee was TERRIBLE, I threw it out the second I walked out. It was definitely over priced too considering it wasn't even worth drinking for more than a sip.
I will say that the cashier was super friendly, but service can only do so much when there's nothing else going for this place. I won't be returning.I've been going here intermittently for about 10 years.  I am baffled by most of the complaints I hear about this place.  I can't speak for the quality of their coffee, but their Italian sodas are some of the best around, and their hot chocolate's very good too, with options for skim or soy milk.
The staff seems perfectly nice.  I mean, I guess if you're expecting them to be your new best friends, you might be disappointed.  Personally, I just want them to make my drink without yelling at or making fun of me (which has happened in a couple of the other coffee shops in the area), then let me sit and read the paper in peace for a while.
Music's usually pretty good, too.The space is a little dark and cramped, so I probably would not opt for this cafe for an all-day study session, but it was perfectly fine for spending an hour with a book and a cup of chai tea while I waited to meet up with friends.  If nothing else, it's a nice escape from the bustle of South Street.Terrible. Thought I was safe by getting a double shot small cappuccino but I don't even think they cleaned the machine. Tasted like they might have reused previous grinds. Threw it out right after I left the cafe.Wait, isn't coffee supposed to make you hyper? Then why are the employees so sullen and slow? Maybe they should stop drinking so much coffee at the beginning of their shifts so they're not crashing hard the rest of the day. 
I won't dog the beverages, pretty good stuff. Too bad the coffee is being held hostage in a snob cave. I'll go back, but if I'm not in a mood to deal with the likes of them I'll still be able to look myself in the mirror if I have to go to Starbucks.The two stars I gave are for the drinks, they are fine. The staff isn't rude they are just miserable. It's probably the mega depressing music playing in there. I always cut people slack...people do have bad days...but every time I go in there I'm very irritated by the counter people and their " I'm too cool, to give service with a smile" attitudes.They let me use the restroom before i ordered anything, I thought that was mighty nice of them. [If they din't I might have had to move to a new city out of shame :/ ]
I ordered a iced coffee and a Pistachio Macaroon. Coffee was ok, Macaroon was big and delicious! Yum! Totally worth it. The barista was very sweet as well :] Getting them macaroons again that's for sure! The quiche looked interesting, too bad I din't try it :[It's a cool little coffee shop with a unique feel. I got a smoothie there a few days ago and it was mediocre... overpriced for the size and taste. It's interesting to people watch there because there certainly are some interesting folks who common this coffee shop but it's kind of small so if you're looking to sit down and read it's kind of hard because you can very clearly hear the conversation of the person next to you. Definitely better than going to Starbucks down the street and they have a nice variety on their menu with some tasty looking treats too.I'm not too impressed by the Bean Cafe. The coffee is pretty mediocre, the staff seems perpetually irritated, and it's always packed since it's right on South Street. Check out the art when you're inside, sometimes it's actually good. The pastries are so-so, they used to have apple tarts that were delicious. If you have time to kill, the Bean is a good place to people watch; there's always tables outside when the weather is nice. If you're looking for good coffee, go to Philadelphia Java Company.I love this coffee shop!  They are friendly, the coffee is good and it's comfortable.  Yay for The Bean!We stopped in here to rest our feet after a stroll up and down south street. The service seemed attentive enough and there was a wide variety of drinks on the menu. A bit too many flies in the air for my likes, but at least the foodstuff were well covered. Multiple bathrooms in the basement is a plus, but the graffiti decor was a bit unexpected.I stumbled onto this gem a few years back while exploring South Philly. Yummiest hot chocolate ever. Had a giant rice krispie treat to top it off. I wish more places like this existed in NY. Hands down my favorite spot to visit when I am in town. Love love love the Bean Cafe!!The Bean is a great place to mellow out and have some friendly conversation with the baristas or folks sitting close by. Everyone seems to be regulars, and they are genuinely nice for the most part. Keep up the good work.three words:  open.  until.  midnight.
seating could be a little more comfortable, but other than that, my insomniac self likes having a place i can go to late-ish.  their goodies are pretty good, coffee's good.  free wifi.  nothing earth shattering, nothing bad.What can I say? It's 19 degrees of bitter cold outside and these nice people sheltered me from the cold,supplied me with a warm coffee,a sandwich and a smile. The thing is I was greeted like friend instead of a stranger:). Not what I'm used to during the hustle and struggle of the holiday shopping season. Will be back for another mozzarella pesto panini. Oh almost forgot very homey atmosphere. But just remember to close door in winter:)I am trying not to compare this cafe to others in the area, BUT, I actually enjoyed my experience here.
It was a beautiful afternoon and I was heading home and passed by here. Instead of taking a $5 cab back home, I decided to grab a warm cup of tea and walk home. 
I got the Chai Spice black tea which reminded me of pumpkin pie. So delicious with a splash of soy milk. It was 1.75 for a small cup.
They also carry huge treats like: rice krispy squares, cupcakes, cheesecake and brownies. I didn't try any but will definitely make note to come back.
It is less "nice" compared to Java and Benna's, but I liked that it had that  grungy, south street coffee house charm.The wu tang reference brought me here... The coffee kept me here.  Great coffee and it's not too expensivewhat can i say still the best place to eat have tea  thats what i have
the people that work there are the best the talk to you im good for 45
to 1 hour there before work we talk about everything and those cookies
the best jen the owner has everything there the best place keep it up.
mitchell ci like this place because they sell some really good tea. i also like how they let you occupy their seat/table for hours. they have wi fi and they sell odwalla juices. they also have like 3 outside tables and various newspapers. the people in there are pretty friendly and its definitely a cool place to chill.
granted there are other local places that have much better coffee.I'm somewhat of a regular, about 3 times a month I'm here. I've gotten the same item and or items each time that I've been here but they have a good selection of drinks and small bites. During the warmer months, an ice cold Mocha Bean Freeze is the perfect way to quench your thirst, coffee fix, and cool off. This alone is enough of a sell to bring me all the way from north Philly. It's a chill environment, borderline hipster, but regardless of your style, you will be treated well and almost guaranteed that you will enjoy your food/drink.