Wasn't bad, but definitely not what I expected based on all the hype.  Honestly, being from South Louisiana, you get used to food with a bit of "flare" this was sort of boiled in water flavor bland.  Just my two cents.I went there to try the man vs food chall. And let me tell u first off there pretty damn good i travel 3 hours to have it and it was worth the whole trek the sandwich is $43 dollars  and well worth it i am proud to say MAN won this one i aced it , its def something u gotta be super hungry for..... After completion of the sandwich u get tge whole place giving you hi-5's and cgeering for you thats another part to being able to finish it all the support  but you get your picture taken for the hall of fam and you get a tony lukes t-shirt but you do not get your money back.... If u want your money back bring a friend and bet him the price of the sandwich u can finiah it..... I seriously can't wait till i go back but i dont need to do the challange again b cuz my pics on the wall already i have nothing else to gain b cuz i shmacked it 
 Thank you all sincerly shmacktasticWe were really hoping this place would be as great as reviews, Food Network, etc. have made it out to be. Their cheese steak meat didn't taste very good when eaten as not part of the sandwich (a piece fell out & I ate it). It was overly greasy. Their roast pork with broccoli rabe & sharp provolone was "meh". The pork had no real flavor. The best part about it was the roll it was served on & the cheese. Wouldn't bother to eat there again. Disappointed yet again!Visiting Philly from Atlanta I happened to stop by Tony's and I must say they were awesome. I had the cheesesteak and it was the best I ever tasted. The line was out the door but moved quickly.  The bun was soft yet had a nice crisp when you bit into it. The steak was tender and flavorful. I added sweet peppers which gave it another level of flavor. The only reason this is not 5 stars is that the cheese fries had WAY too much cheese and not enough fries. The give you a cup of fries and it looks like they laddeled Cheese Wiz in it and shook it once. Definitely worth another visit overall!!Not sure what all the fuss is about...small cheesesteak, served by an unhappy staff.  It's really nothing special; not sure why people wait in line for their food.  The sub roll is just OK and there is far too little steak and cheese on the sub.  I've been to all the so-called great places for cheesesteaks in Philly (Geno's, Pat's, Jims, etc) and they are all average at best.  If you want a great cheesesteak, I recommend driving away from the city and going to Ray's Pizza in Lansdale.  It's out of the way for sure, but sometimes, getting the best is worth some extra effort.  Ray's is head-and-shoulders better than the Philly establishments.I would have given this place 5 stars for ONE of the sandwiches I had but we tried their cheesesteak with spinach and it was not so great. The spinach was tasteless and the steak was very tough and fatty. HOWEVER the pork and Broccoli Raab was delicious!!!!! Should have just ordered two of those.Cheesesteak had no taste to it , roll sucked they can bake them on site all they want my roll was split in half after two bites !!!!!
Service rude slow down register lady u work there u don't own it !! N the girl handing u the food looked like a zombie , take another while ur working ,,, fry were good , and the inside out was good 1.5 starsssssssI'm sorry I went there and wasted my time and money.  Never again.
I went to see what the fuss was all about.  I arrived at 4 PM on a Sunday and there was no line, so I got to order right away.  They told me they were out of fries (what fast food place runs out of fries before dinnertime?!), that the sausage and peppers sandwich was considered breakfast (since when?! nobody else does!), and then I had to wait 30 minutes for 2 chicken parm sandwiches. 
When I finally got them, they were lukewarm and the chicken was overbreaded and way too thin to sink your teeth into.    The bread they used was too soft to add any texture and its flavor was flat.  Two mediocre sandwiches and a soda for $19...hardly worth the trouble.  Just ridiculous.
Don't waste your time or money here.  I can think of three better places if you want a chicken parmesan sandwich in this town.Tony Luke's makes my favorite cheesesteak so I will never give it less than four stars, but I have to admit I was not overwhelmed by this particular shop. 
The small restaurant is tucked under i95 in South Philly outside of the stadiums, and it looks like a hole in the wall. Aesthetics do not impact my review at all in this case because, let's be real, if you're looking for an authentic Philly cheesesteak, you're not looking for some art-laden building designed by Mies van Der Rohe. I came for the food.
The busy store served the line quickly, which impressed me. As per my usual, I ordered a cheesesteak, whiz wit (that's whiz cheese with fried onions). Of course, the cheesesteak was delicious and I ate every bit, but compared to other TLs I have tried, I thought this one was subpar (mind you, par is very high here). The toasted roll was a little too hard, and the meat a little tough. I could have stood for a little more whiz as well. 
Still, I love Tony Luke's, and I will be a fan girl of their food for my entire life.Great cheesesteaks. Drove 3 hours just to try this place and was not disappointed. I don't have any negative things to say about the place. It's a cheesesteak spot that really gives you that feeling of being in Philadelphia. The staff works fast and efficient and really makes the cheesesteak delicious and tasty with every bite. The waffle fries aren't bad either. I would recommend this place to everyone.  If I know a friend that's driving through Philadelphia I always recommend it.To date, this is the best cheesesteak i have had so far, Pats and genos are very good subs but this is a new level of good. Great slow roasted beef smotherd in cheese and the fact that you can get other goodies besides just cheese and onions on your sub makes this sandwich hard to beat.  Definitely worth the long line. This is a must have if you are ever in the neighborhood.Location: It's an Uber ride from downtown area. I wouldn't wander around the area after my meal, but I'm not from Philly.
Restaurant: It's straight forward. They have yellow humming lights covering the outdoor seating, it gives the feel of being at the county fair, but doesn't do anything to complement the food. 
Food: Messy, gooey and delicious. It was better than I expected and I finished the rest of my girlfriends sandwich as well. Onions, mushrooms, cheese and steak everywhere.
Overall: I was told that it was the best by my Uber driver and I didn't have the chance to try the competition. It was a fun finish to a long day and they are open late 2a on weekends. I don't know if I would do it again as I've had better sandwiches but it was a worth-it experience for an out-of-towner.Best cheesesteak I have had in Philly so far.  Location and space are quintessential to a great cheesesteak experience, which Tony Luke's nails.  The steak was not dry and came out extremely fast.  Definitely the place to go if you want the real deal.Definitely must try, have a lot of options here, but I would prefer Pats Steak house over this...Holy hell this place is amazing! 
Thank you yelp and the interwebs for finding us this gold mine. This was our first stop in Philly after getting off the plane from MN. Talk about starting things out right. I had the cheese steak with provolone and some of the amazing peppers they have there and I was sent into such a state of bliss I could have crapped myself and I wouldn't have cared. It was that good. I needn't say more about this place other than you'd be a ridiculous buffoon if you were in Philly and didn't go here.Whenever my parents visit, they always want to eat a cheesesteak.  Before going to the art museum, we stopped here to grab lunch.
Parking was easy for us at lunch (odd sounding from the other reviews) as well as ordering.  We all ordered cheesesteaks and I thought it was better than the other hyped places.  But it's weird.  There is a local joint near me that I think is better.  So I use that as my barometer.  The cheesesteak was good.  My parents thought it was better than my local place.
The place is good and if you are going to eat a cheesesteak in Philly, this is the better of the other 2 choices.  I will have to check out the last "main" place to make the last comparison.Everyone has their Philly favorite, mine happens to be Tony Luke's! I don't do cheese (unfortunate allergy), but their "plain steak" with hot peppers and onions is just as good. Granted the location is out of the way, but the sandwiches are worth it -- good steak, fresh bread, and REAL hot peppers (so delicous!!). I only took away one star b/c the staff could be friendlier and altough it's outdoor seating, no pets are allowed.Very good! 
I ordered the original cheesesteak with mayo pickles sweet peppers and onions.Loved this place. They have HUGE cheesesteaks and hoagies. If you're not a Man vs Food kind of an eater (like I am) plan to split one with whoever you're going with. The seating is limited though and it's not the cleanest of all places but still a very good place.Classic Philadelphia hoagies, cheesesteaks;
also must try : the roasted pork w/provolone & broccoli rabe;
dang, forgot, the big beef!
dat's rite.We were in Philly for one night and I said we had to have a cheesesteak.  I had a regular chesse- steak with provolone and onions.  IT was great!  My kids shared a Chicken -Cheesesteak and it was okay but fairly plain.  My husband had a chicken cutlet sandwich and didn't have to eat for two days.  I would definitely go back.  The smaller kids had chicken fingers and they were tasty - well seasoned - maybe even too much for many young children.  Everyone left full.The wait was 45 mins, but screw that. Their sandwiches are awesome! This place is a must! If our ever in PA please check out tony Luke's, don't let their long line scare you!Hey! So Tony Luke's makes a damn good steak, ya hear? Yeah, sure I've been to Pat's and Geno's plenty of times, fuhgettaboutet! One thing sets Tony's apart: the rolls. Much better bread than at the competitors. The meat I found to be pretty decent and of a good portion. My only vice was that I ordered in the traditional "whiz wit-out" and I noticed a fair amount of fried onion bits on my sammich. Now, it's not really a big deal, but it could be, eh? I mean you don't want to mess with the wrong guys sammich is all I'm saying. The seating area is nicely protected from the elements and was much appreciated on this chilly night. There was also a severe lack of drunkards stumbling home from the bar, but I'll let that slide.The last time that I was in Philly, I had Geno's and wasn't a huge fan. Tony Luke's was definitely better. I had a philly cheesesteak with wiz and a side of cheese fries. I am interested to see where Pat's ranks in the cheesesteak game and I will find out the next time I am there!I had a steak wit wiz.  Tender ribbons of juicy steak sautéed with diced onions smothered in fluorescent cheese whiz all on a warm baguette that had a slight crunch with each bite but instantly gave way to a pillowy warm bread inside that acted as a sponge for the cheese whiz and beef grease.  Be sure and add the complimentary pickled tomato peppers and sliced sour and half sour cucumber pickle slices to your steak.  Out of all the choices for steaks in the city, I chose this South Philly institution.  I'm happy with my choice.I've had Tony Luke's before, though it's been a long while... and to be honest, we were off to another place, that happened to be closed.
We waited a while for our food, which I guess is the norm, but when it came... man, was it good.  Before it arrived we chomped on pickle chips and hot peppers.  
Cheesesteak with Provolone and Onions - My daughter and I shared one... So good.  Add in a few hot peppers and you have a darn fine sandwich.
Roast Pork with Broccoli Rabe and Provolone - This was the sandwich of the table... and one of the better sandwiches I have ever had... Succulent... bursting with flavor... and just killer.  Would go back just for this.
Chicken Cutlet... Only had a taste and it was fine... nothing to write home about.  The other two sandwiches would get nice, long letters.
The bread... the meats... the staff... all good.  The wait... a little longer than expected, which with hungry kids can be a drag, but overall a good time.Had a great late lunch here with a co-worker while we were in Philly for work.  Sandwich was great, fries were good.  Even at nearly 3 PM on a weekday, the seating was pretty crowded.  An adjacent parking lot was a nice bonus.Ok. I know I'll probably be under fire for giving this 2 stars, but really, I have experienced better.  I went here with my 2 nephews during a recent Flyers hockey game, and I was underwhelmed. 
I chose the steak sub, and it was just OK, at best.
Granted the portion is good and filling, but the quality of the meat, and the taste.  (almost like fried in butter) was really not all that appealing.
Add to that, the fact that the ketchup dispenser was empty, and took them 10 minutes to replace it, and I doubt I would go back here again.
My nephew swears by the chicken parm with broccoli rabe sandwich, which looked good.  But for steaks, I can't say I'd recommend this place.   If I ever make it back, I'll try something different.Tony Luke's was a epic letdown.  First, the food: My girlfriend and I arrived on a cool Sunday afternoon, waited in a short line, and ordered a cheesesteak and a chicken cutlet sandwich, dressed hoagie-style (mayo, lettuce, tomato, pickles).  We both asked for light mayo; we didn't want to drown out the taste of the classic American cheese.  But both sandwiches arrived slathered and literally dripping with the oily stuff, and neither of us could taste any other ingredient besides the meat.  Disgusting.  The meat itself was gristly and mediocre - indistinguishable from other middling Philly spots.  At least the curly fries were edible and the cashier was friendly.  I swear she called me "honey" at least six times.
Now the rest: Tony Luke apparently wants a cult of personality.  The walls are covered in pictures of him, and visitors are greeted by a comically self-aggrandizing, poster-sized biography that begins this way: "Tony 'Luke' Lucidonio is a man of many talents and enormous energy."  (It goes on to relate how he "redefined the Philly Sandwich experience," even though "other gifts bloomed early": He "trained as an actor appearing in his first play 'Dracula Baby' in 1982," wrote Motown songs, and "became a multi-state Karate Kick-Boxing Champion."  There follows, no joke, a dozen acting credits you've never heard of, including such treasures as "Frankie the Squirrel" and "The Evil Within" - which also how I'd describe that cheesesteak once I'd consumed it. Unfortunately, Tony "continues to take on ever more challenging acting roles.")  Basically, the guy is Kim Jong Il:  He's a virtuoso musician who writes hits for black people!  He singlehandedly revolutionized lunch!  He's a movie star!  Next, he will radically transform the means of production.
Also, the dining area smelled so much like raw sewage that we considered eating in our car.Yes sandwiches are very good, and so are the sides. Beware this place is literally a whole in the wall, no bathrooms instead they have a "port a potty" nothing far from gross. Especially at a place where you have to eat with your hands, so bring your own hand sanitizer. Despite that, people flock to this place, it's very popular. Which means the food is always fresh.Great cheesesteak! Fast and quick service. Price is a little high but its quality and portion is huge.I'm from California. I hate cold. I hate snow. BUT.... I would stand in the freezing cold snow and wait to eat a delicious cheesesteak sandwich from here.
I ordered a cheesesteak with whiz, onions and mushrooms. My face almost fell off it was so delicious. The fresh bread soaked up the cheese and juices from the thin sliced steak. I can't say enough wonderful things about my food experience here. I don't ever finish an entire sub and I devoured this thing whole. I would post the picture of me eating it but it's far too embarrassing. 
Plus, the authentic Philly accent and attitude from the girls who took my order was perfect.Tony is getting a little pricy!! Luv the chicken cutlet Italiano. The best mozzarella sticks in south philly. Every time I'm in wildwood I visit the one in the crest.I'm from California and in our East Coast trip, we were going to pass by Philly, so I knew we had to try a REAL philly cheesesteak.  With all of the different options for Cheesesteaks in Philly, we chose this place because we had the option of trying different types of sandwiches.  We ended up ordering a philly cheesesteak and a pork sandwich.
The pork in the pork sandwich was really good.  It was really flavorful.  However for me, the sandwich itself was very plain.  It was simply the pork meat in a bun.  So while the meat tasted GREAT, the sandwich overall was just OK.
For me, when it comes to a cheesesteak, I want the inside of the sandwich to be moist and juicy.  I've had too many cheesesteaks where you are simply eating overcooked dry beef.  In this cheesesteak, it was very good and moist.  I ordered it with cheeze whiz.  I would definitely recommend this place.Being from Philly I have had my fair share of cheese steaks. Tony Lukes if by far my favorite. Once you pull up out front you get the nice feel that you are about to sink your teeth into a nice juicy sandwich made the Olde Philly way. 
Today i decided to take a friend, who has only been to Philly a handful of times, to this place. I got the roast pork Italian with broccoli rabe and sharp provolone, which is my favorite thing in the whole world. She got the classic cheese steak "wit" and instead of cheese whiz, which is not the classic way, she got it with provolone. 
My roast pork was fantastic. The mildly spicy pork with the slightly bitter broccoli rabe and the provolone were like a symphony in my mouth. Besides Glascoes fried chicken and collard greens I would want this to be my last meal on earth. My friend enjoyed her cheese steak although she could not finish it. She even put mustard on the steak at the end which i thought was a little weird but not terrible. When you have a great cheese steak you don't need to add anything to it. 
Service was just like it is at any cheese steak spot. As long as you know what your ordering and are prompt with your delivery they are very friendly people. Location is nice, right near the stadium district and right off of I-95. 
If it is your first time having a cheese steak in Philly go to Tony Luke's. Don't go to Genos or Pats, they are not good and they are like the Burger King and McDonalds of the cheese steak world. Stick to Tony Luke's and you will not be disappointed.The bf holds that his cheesesteack and my chicken steak were the best he's had in all of Philly.  I enjoyed my Italian: sharp provolone, broccoli rabe, and chicken.  My mom got the Italian roast pork, which was equally good.  The steak was lean and good.
Pizza fries and onion rings were good, but not great--probably just frozen.
Take the tourists here instead of Geno's!  The lines are much shorter, too.Love Tony Lukes!! First place I stop when I come to Philly :)
Try the curly cheese fries.. BOMBOk, ok. I'll admit I'm a vegetarian so my review of a famous cheesesteak joint isn't going to be the most read. 
When I walked in, I was blinded by the fluorescent or whatever lights. I got a headache walking in, really. 
Asked the cashier what the mac and cheese pizza was, and she just made a triangle with her heads. I thought maybe she didn't speak English so I repeated myself slower again. She gave me a short, apathetic answer (but did completely understand my question the first time). 
Waited about 20 min to get some $4 curly fries. It wasn't that busy so not sure why it took so long. During that time, the cashier was screaming someone's name (I think someone cleaning in the dining area?) repeatedly. Odd. The fries weren't seasoned like curly fries usually are. Whatevs. But I don't want to bash them because I didn't try what they are known for.How the hell does Philly make the worst Philly cheese steaks?  I don't get it.  My first trip to Philly, I had try my favorite sub sandwich ever.  It was pretty much the worst idea ever!!  The bread was hard and it was barely filled with any meat.  It was more like a bread sub.  I'm not used to eating cheese steaks where the meat is all pressed together into a flat mash of steak um's--really unappetizing.  The cheese was okay.  The onions were still crunchy.  I'll stick to my favorite Pittsburgh cheese steak place in Florida, thanks. This sandwich was a disgrace to cheese steaks.  Thanks for ruining my cheese steak dreams Philly!I don't know what other cheesesteak lovers are used to, but chopped meat with soft bread is the real deal. This sliced unseasoned steak sandwich that Tony Luke's offers is not the real deal. We went over the summer in 2012, and husband and I were disappointed. I had a regular cheesesteak with light mayo. The beef was not seasoned and the bread was too crusty and flakey. A great cheesesteak to me is a bit soggy bread in the middle from the grease, chopped steak and cheese. 
This was not impressive. Go elsewhere- if you yelp other steak places, you'll see much better reviews and that must be for a reason.roast pork with sharp provolone and broccoli rabe:  kick ass!  perfect seasoning, excellent combo and balance between flavors.
cheesesteak with fried onions and mild provolone:  tiny bit less flavor than the above, but it IS beef, not pork, after all.  non soggy bread for both sammiches was the icing on the cake.
curly fries with wiz:  melt-in-your-mouth processed goodness.
service:  soup nazi meets hotdog cart meets "the varsity" in ATL.  love it.
atmosphere:  see above, with more concrete and sheet metal siding.
definitely worth the occasional 2 hour drive from bmore to philly when you really, really need meat.  TWSS.Had a cheesesteak here today. I Also met special friends and a youtube star Robert DIY. I treated him and his wife to eat. Robert is doing an eastern Robert DIY tour. Robert lives in Alburqueque,NM. Robert is a handy volvo enthusiast and has produced many diy videos on his youtube channel. I currently own a 1993 volvo 850 his videos has helped me many times replacing a dash pad,steering wheel,ignition switch, and an odometer gear. I have been living with a broken odometer for over 3years. I could not get my car to pass pa state inspection.With the help of robert diy the youtube star and the eastern us tour he is doing. I personally wanted to thank Robert. I Called him up watched his videos and followed him though on his journey. Robert and his wife were hungry and traveling. They wanted to eat and found out about this place. I Treated and did not mind paying at all. I Wanted to say this was the best place for a cheesesteak and The best place for my out of town guests. Who helped me so much with my volvo 850.It was the least i could do for all the help Robert has given me from his videos.The best sandwich in Philadelphia is NOT a cheesesteak. It's a Pork Italiano with spinach rabe and sharp provolone, served wet.I came here after being unsatisfied from a yelp elite event at Flat Iron. Reviews were mixed for this place, so we were hesitant in coming here for a Philly cheese steak. I wish the menu was clearer. It was difficult, as a visitor, to distinguish which one was the original cheese steak and what toppings were already included. Also,  the woman who took orders wasn't very friendly. We ordered the Tony Luke's old fashioned cheese steak with American cheese and onions. It was pretty big for only $8 something. It was good but not something i would crave for.This place is too nice! The ladies at the register are a bit too ice cold. But, I just killem with a smile :)
I have a better understanding of the cheesesteak culture in Philadelphia. The broccoli rabe on a sandwich is so good. I don't know the nutritional value, but it makes me feel better about ordering multiple sandwiches. I had never been to Philadelphia and I didn't know when I would ever be back so I had to order at least 6 sandwiches. Besides, after standing in line for that long, why not. I discovered I could not have a sandwich without those red peppers. After getting my sandwiches I then drove to the other famous cheesesteak location with the other two sandwich joints and bought 2 sandwiches at each joints. I couldn't help myself.Stopped in Philadelphia for a quick weekend trip and ended up at Tony Luke's right before we headed to the airport. I need to preface this review by stating, I'm not a Philadelphia cheese steak pro. I normally order they in Miami with onions, peppers, mushrooms and I find that to be quite tasty but is it an authentic Philly cheese steak? I don't know. 
Anyway, we arrived here Sunday afternoon. It was pretty busy but the line moved quickly. We ordered four cheese steaks with provolone cheese. I messed up and forgot to order fries. I was pretty bummed about that, they looked delicious. 10 minutes later they called our name and we were all really excited to dig in and it was just... ok. The sandwiches were kinda cold and I thought they were dry as well. I didn't think it was anything to write home about. I actually only ate half of my sandwich and when I arrived home that night, I added some mayo and warmed it up in the microwave and it was a lot better. 
I didn't try any of the other places listed online as the best in the area and next time I go to PHL I'll make sure to check it out. Locals, please feel free to give me your suggestions! What did I do wrong? Is it supposed to be just simple meat and cheese?Cheesesteak was really good. The customer service was good as well, I will definitely recommend one of my friends to come here and eat and I will definitely be back againstI haven't had many cheese steaks so when I was in Philadelphia I thought I would stop in and have oneBeing a Philadelphian (actually I moved outside the city when I was 6, so I'm sure the haters hate me... And fine, I guess I deserve it. I guess I should say a Philadelphia Arean. But that sounds like Aryan and I'm a Jew) my sandwich of choice was the cheesesteak. Then I discovered that other sandwich. The roast pork with spinach and sharp provlone. Now I have no idea what's better. They both are heaven on a role you can find nowhere else.Not bad for visiting Philly for five minutes!
I never had a Philly Cheesesteak so I guess it was time. Carlos ordered the regular Cheesesteak and I got a Hoagie. Both orders were not bad. It was a good cheesesteak for me to try the first time. 
Service was fast and casual. Everyone was nice and got orders out immediately. I would visit again, but not necessarily go out of my way for it.Been there last week must try chicken cutlet with mild provolone and spinach that's my husbands favorite and I had cheesesteak with provolone and fried onions very good a lot of there stuff is good sorry have no picturesI love coming to Tony Luke's or John's Roast Pork (though they have HORRIBLE hours!) for a cheesesteak. Its super delish and wayyyy better than Pat & Geno's.Forget the argument about Gino's, Pats. Whatever. Roll through there if you want a history lesson and a sub par cheesesteak. Go to this Tony Luke's if you want a REAL cheesesteak. Since I was just in philly for a few days to see a concert downtown I was hesitant on whether or not I should rent a car. For this Tony Luke's location, totally paid off. I had a cheesesteak, add all spices, a tea, and a caramel fries. Everything I had was amazing. Can't describe it. So good. I had all around a 5 star experience just for the food alone. Spent a quick second arguing with the woman at the counter on whether or not I wanted my tea black or with cream. Made me feel like a real dummy. Well I guess I am because Tony Luke's is so good that I don't even care.Loved it! Stopped in here on a day trip to Philly, the line was long but it moved fast. It's more of a local spot then a touristy one. But if it's good enough for the locals it good enough for me! I will definitely be back! The old bay fries were so delicious!!Obviously this isn't a classy joint, but it's amazing.  The food is spectacular.  I prefer to take home my food, but staying in the place isn't that bad.  If you want a good classic cheesesteak this is where to go!The best place to get a cheesesteak these days! Unlike the famous Geno's & Pat's the steaks are made to order and not sitting and drying out on the flat top grill. They also offer a lot of other great items like the chx parm sandwich or roast pork w/broccoli rabe! Can't beat it. Definatly puts others to shame! However they aren't open 24 hours I bet if they were they'd make a killing!Tony Lukes is an okay place, I mean my first time Philly and if course I wanted to try a Philly cheese steak from a top rated place. Get ready for lines because they are huge! We waited about 30 minutes before we came close to ordering, good sandwich and good prices. 
I wouldn't suggest the wiz cheese though, another selection is better.The prok sandwich lived up to the anticipation... how often does that happen?  I would go elsewhere for a cheesesteak thoough, but you may like it.Took my son to see our friend fight for an MMA title and he told us we should have a cheesesteak here even though he's never had one(gotta stay on weight) We've had them in NJ and they were good, this was better but honestly it's a simple sandwich. Was a little cold since it was winter and the place is an outdoor place with some plastic. But who am I to complain the food was really good and they had lots of free pickles and peppers on the side.Drove through Philly to compare the cheesesteaks, Tony Luke's had the best flavor, in comparison with: John's Roast Pork, Pat's and Sonny's.WTF? Everyone must be drunk when they're eating this. The steak is tasteless and completely bland. We had to drown it in sauce to get a little flavor. The pork sandwich was just as bad. SKIP IT!During our stay in Princeton, we decided to drive to Philly for the day.  After reading several great reviews, we decided to give TL a shot.  We were here for lunch on a Saturday afternoon and there was a lot of people lined up, including several police officers from Bucks Co (there must have been at least 15 of them).  I thought that was a good sign, but after trying the philly cheese steak sandwiches, we were disappointed.  The sandwiches were average at best and over priced, in my opinion.  We've had much better sandwiches in the Bay Area and I thought this would be a real treat.  The cashiers were also extremely rude and had a bad attitude.  To make matters worse, the bathrooms were two portable toilets outside the joint... give me a break, the least they could do is have decent bathrooms.  Overall, the sandwiches were average and I'm not sure what the hype is all about.  Maybe it went to their heads after being featured in the Man Vs. Food show. Try a different place.Love it!
Love it!
Good food
You always hear about philly cheesesteaks but to experience one!Very good cheesesteaks. We had disappointing cheesesteaks at Geno's and decided to come here before heading back to DC after a great four day road trip to New York.
The steaks here at Luke's were made to order and just about perfect, the way I remember when I lived in Philly 20 years ago.
My wife had a hoagie, me and the kids had straight cheesesteaks with onions and provolone. Everything was awesome. Perfectly cooked steak on crusty soft rolls. Can't wait to return.People may love the cheesesteaks here, but you haven't truly experienced a "Tony Luke's" until you've had their Hot Pork Sandwich with aged sharp provolone and broccoli raab! It's a 10 star sandwich for $9.00!! This is a Philly staple! I may have moved out of Philly but I still come back here and get these sandwiches every chance I get! You have not lived until you've had one!
Also, don't expect a smile at the ordering window, they are not being rude rather just trying to get down to business and get thru the long lines of people. If you hit it right, parking and ordering is not a problem. I was in and out in 10 minutes yesterday! The sandwich was so good I am already craving another one!Did a drive-by and got a couple cheesesteak hoagies to go. The hoagies themselves were good but doubt that I would return since the lines were way too long-- took us about 30-40 minutes.Heard about it and have been meaning to try it for a couple of years, finally got the chance the other day. Yeah, it's all that. My cheese steak was everything it was supposed to be and more. Their bread really makes their cheese steaks. Not too crusty and not real soft, just perfect. 
We went in the afternoon so parking and service wasn't an issue but I could see long lines at lunch. 
Deduct one star for no washroom and the cheese steak could have used a little more steak.I have always been quick to endorse Tony Luke's.  However, this review is primarily based on my last trip, Friday, 10/5.  Not one of my better experiences...
The order consisting of chicken fingers, chix cheesesteak, cheesesteak, and curly fries took 25+ minutes!  25 minutes w a hungry 3 year old can feel like an eternity!  It is important to note that it was not busy at all.  As I stood in front of the window waiting for my name to be called, I could not help but notice how unpolite the woman running the cash register was.  She would rarely make eye contact w customers and seemed to make ordering uncomfortable.  The most appalling part was how often she would scoot off and return to "ring" customers with a mouthful of food!  I don't care who you are, in this day and age customer service is extremely important.  At least this time I did not get a card for a free workout at LA Fitness (happened last time).
I sincerely hope this was just an off night for Tony Luke's.  As they start to franchise and look for whatever way possible to make more $ off the TL name, you hope that their focus is not being lost.What the hell have I been doing?  Going to Pat's and Geno's for cheesesteak?  They've got nothing on Tony Luke's!  Not only is Tony Luke's easier to find, they have their own parking lot under the I-95.  That and their cheesesteak is frakkin' good.  You know the place is legit when there are more locals than tourists on the line.
My wife and I split two sandwiches.  The first one up was a cheesesteak with sweet peppers, onions, and cheese wiz.  The beef was so tender and juicy.  The bread had a slight crunchiness to it but still soft on the inside.  Next up was the roast pork Italian with sharp provolone and broccoli rabe.  That was really good too but I will go with the mild provolone next time.
This is the best cheesesteak I've ever had.  Take it from a guy who has driven to Philly a couples of times just for cheesesteak.Even before the plane landed in our first trip to Philadelphia, we knew that the first thing to do was to get our hands on some chessesteaks and not our hotel. 
This iconic south Philly dive is a lot smaller than seen on TV, but thankfully the portions were not. There is a small parking area behind a lottery shack and the line full of locals/tourists clearly speaks for its popularity. The menu is extensive posted on the aluminum siding and you can watch the cooks create their craft. The picnic dining area with a condiment section is small. There is a 10-15 minute wait before they call out your name with a black bag in hand. Cash for sure and credit cards seemed to be accepted. Maybe I had really high expectations, but I felt cheesesteaks were over-rated and the roast pork was definitely tasty. 
What we ordered:
- cheesesteak with cheese wiz
- roast pork with sharp provolone - recommend 
- fried onion rings
When we went:
- Thursday @ 1:00 PM 
Would we return:
- next time, I'll get the onions on the steaks or try their hoagies.keep in mind i am partial to sharp provolone on my steaks w/ fried onions and if i am feeling a bit wild - some mushrooms.- so that is how i took my medicine when i was at tony's ..i really dont know why tony luke always has a long wait b/c in my opinion u r getting the most pathetic steak (gino is a close 2nd) out of all the "famous" philly joints. i grade my steaks in 4 categories-1- bread 2- meat- quantity and greasiness/dryness factor 3 cheese. The bread is decent but a bit skinny for my taste....the meat is dry and not of ample portion and their sharp provolone is absolute shiet ......for what it is worth their roast pork w/ prov and rabe is better than their steak- but i would go to john's roast pork for that. i prefer jim's, pats, rick's, john's d'alessandro , tony jr's  and SOS over tony luke's. How da fuck did Booby Flay lose his throwdown?This is personally my favorite cheesesteak place in philly. Every time I've been in there it hasn't been too crowded unlike the tourist traps Geno's and Pat's. There is a parking lot and street parking as well. My last few trips I've gotten the cheesesteak with wiz and onions, and each time the sandwich has been so tasty. The meat is cooked just right on a nice roll with just the right amount of cheese and onions to top it off.  The best south philly has to offer.I love love cheese steaks! So I was very disappointed when I tried toney Luke's in NJ. What a easy of time!! Literally 30 min wait for two cheese steaks. The place was empty!! The poor kids working were clueless!! Besides the wait  the cheese steak had JR sized meat in a full sized Roll. Maybe 4oz of meat!!! If your passing by Tony Luke's in NJ keep going!!!! Not worth the Stop!!This is a very good cheesesteak, nothing more, nothing less.  Worthy trying, but it will not change your life if you are Steak snob like me.  Location near the ballpark is kind of random, but decide for yourself.This was my second Italian Roast Pork Sandwich in the span of three days, and it was infinitely better than the first from DiNic's.  Absolutely amazing. Seriously.
One sultry Monday afternoon, I had to pick up a package from the UPS on Oregon Avenue.  I live in West Philadelphia, and it's extremely difficult to get to South Philly from West Philly using public transportation so I asked my friend to drive me there, on the condition that I buy her a something to eat.  On the way there, we spotted Tony Luke's and considered eating there after getting my package. We spent the longest time in an unairconditioned, crowded, totally inefficient UPS, and the last thing I wanted in 100 degree weather was a hot sandwich.  But the foodspotting app on my phone was completely overtaken by photos of Tony Luke's sandwiches, so I had little choice but to give in.  
Since we decided to split a sandwich so we had to agree on which one to order.  I was so disappointed by my first roast pork sandwich, and I had just had it two days ago, so I was rooting for the veal cutlet.  My friend desperately wanted roast pork, and I asked a guy in front of us (I got the feeling he knew what he was doing) what he recommended, and he had tried everything (I was right) and loved the roast pork.  We received our food pretty quickly, even though not right when we ordered it like at Pat's and Geno's.  Tony Luke's didn't seem to have the same assembly line operation as those two, which gives me more of the feeling that the sandwiches are ~made with love~.  But that's probably just me...
But anyways, Tony Luke's completely redeemed the roast pork sandwich in my mind.  With that single first bite, any previous notions of roast pork as unimpressive, not flavorful, and dry quickly vanished.  For about $9, we ordered the roast pork sandwich with broccoli rabe and sharp provolone (the same exact thing I ordered at DiNic's) and I almost put hot peppers on it, thinking I had learned from my last experience.  But this time, it didn't need anything.  The sandwich was divine.  So juicy, so much flavor, the broccoli rabe was not bitter and the sharp provolone was slighly melted and not overpowering at all.  I was told by the guy in front of me that the roast pork was spicy, which it wasn't really, but it did have a little kick and my mouth felt a little bit tingly from it.  It was so unbelievably delicious, and not just because my first roast pork sandwich was bad...that just required the Tony Luke's sandwich to be extraordinary to make up for it.  And it certainly did.
It's really hard to make it out to Tony Luke's without a car, but I hope I can return.  It's definitely worth the trip.Reviews on Philly cheesesteaks (when you're getting them..IN PHILLY) are inevitably going to be compared.  With that said, I can only compare Tony Luke's to Pat's at this time with a few major things to mention.
1.  Specify the cheese.  If you don't, it comes with American.  Oh how I longed for the whiz...
2.  Meat is dry and compared to Pat's and from some of the pics from yelpers, they totally skimped on ours.  Where's the juice?!  I expect a mess to happen when biting into a cheesesteak...i.e. meat, juice, cheese, pouring out with each bite.  Nothing going on here.
3.  They win me over with their bread.  Phenomenal bread! 
 Loved that when we went it wasn't crowded and we got a table.  Hot peppers and pickles, mustard and ketchup all available at the bar cart on the side.
3 stars for now.  I will be back for that WHIZ!!Great staff and yummy steaks! Just wish they were a lil more meaty. (that could just be my inner fat girl talking...)This was our first Philly cheese steak experience, so we went to the legend based on opinions from friends. We waited 30 minutes in gross. muggy Philadelphia air and it was all worth it. The meat is tender and the melted cheese brings it all together. We'll probably avoid the evening crowd next time, but it was worth the experience.The best vegetarian sandwich I've had in the USA is made by this place. Uncle Mike's. Good enough that I have walked from Penn to Oregon Ave to get this sandwich.Hard to beat the Pork Italian with Provolone and Broccoli rabb. A classic philly sandwich made right.