I ordered delivery from this place and it was so delicious! My order included curry fries, tikka pizza, crab on toast, and sticky toffee pudding. Everything was amazing, but the crab on toast was especially tasty. I could have eaten three orders easily. Will absolutely be repeating this lunch!Love the service, love the location, love the quizzo.  Rich puddings you won't find anywhere else.  
I'm not a fan of English ales or the cuisine's heavy richness.  So I can't sing much praise for either.  Still, I find myself coming back for Victoria's friendly, stylish ambience.
Wednesdays are quizzo nights, and the host is a doll.  The bartenders are lovely. If you live in the area, this is a fantastic pub for you to be a regular.  Just make sure you don't eat too much of that pudding.I used to live in London and am so glad the Victoria Freehouse has come to Old City. For me, there are few restaurants worth visiting Old City for, especially on the weekend but i've been three times already.
The beer selection and cocktails are fantastic. The service is friendly and good at explaining British food to those unfamiliar. My favorite dish on the menu is the stew; everything about it is perfection, right down to the warm irish soda bread served on the side. The tikka masala is also delicious and perfectly British. Those complaining about indian food at a british restaurant clearly don't know that tikka masala is the most popular dish in the UK.This place is an English pub staple. English draft beers, bottles and cans, (on draft my favorites are Old Speckled Hen, London Pride and that famous double chocolate stout) and the bartender will ask if you want your draft beer in a 16 oz. or 20 oz. glass.
I usually come here as a tradition before our monthly scheduled vinyl soul nights with my DJ friend. Usually there's English mod bands playing through the speakers (The Stone Roses, Blur, Oasis, etc) 
There's a tasty varied English food menu. My favorites are: cheese curried fries, sausage roll, bangers & mash, and the Tikka Pizza. 
Bartenders are always friendly and knowledgeable - love sitting at the bar. A little high on the prices but worth it.My favorite place to hang out in Old City!  Ed and Perry are amazing and Stef the bartender can make a mean drink.  When I die, I want to be buried with their Bacon-Wrapped Dates, in my hand.  Such a fun atmosphere, and I highly recommend this place.Came here for Sunday brunch with a group of six (and our very own Brit), we all had the English Breakfast and loved it. I had the vegetarian, and I have to admit I was not very excited about it, but was pleasantly surprised once it came out! To all my vegetarian friends - definitely a plate to try at some point.
Also seem to show international sports, so I think that's a plus. It's a little difficult to find for people not familiar with Philly, but it was empty on Sunday at 11am and we had the place to ourselves for a while. Can't comment on lunch or dinner, but I would come back for brunch again. My only complaint? $7.5 for a tiny mimosa - almost as much as the meal!Sign on the door says "Daily Happy Hour 4-7pm," but my party is disappointed to learn that Saturday and Sunday are not even considered applicable as happy hour days, despite the advertisement suggesting otherwise.  Curry fries are lacking in taste and did not quite have the proper texture or temp, but they were plentiful. We are sampling a few dishes.  The wings are unappealing to me and none too big.  The roast beef sandwiches are of good quality.  The place has the redeeming quality of showing the UNION games on primary flatscreen behind the bar.  The Freehouse is affiliated with British Chip shop in Haddonfield; menu is right about the same level of good as well.The Victoria Freehouse is fantastic. My wife and I had the day off yesterday and decided to stop in for some snacks around midday. The beer selection of beers from the UK is pretty amazing. They have about a dozen solid picks no draft, and two on hand pump. The bottle selection is also worth going over before you order your beer. Some pretty rare beers and vintages are available. 
We tried three different dishes and liked them all. First was the tikka masala pizza, which was delicious. It was a personal pizza with tikka sauce in place of the sauce, and pickled onions and cheese. Definitely recommend. The pickled deviled eggs are also great--they look interesting, too: both the egg and filling are a pink color. 
But my favorite dish was the "devils on horseback"--bacon-wrapped dates stuffed with stilton cheese. Only $5. These were spectacular. If you've never had stilton, you should try it. It's like a bleu cheese, but made with cow's milk, so it's a little more mild. These were like mini one-bite chesseboards. Highly recommend. 
The bartender was also super nice, and we had a nice conversation with some of the other early arriving patrons (we got there just as the bar was opening). I'd love to visit again and try brunch. 
Would def check the Freehouse out.My vegetarian friend wasn't particularly happy about this place which made me laugh. We're at a British pub, where there aren't a ton of interesting vegetarian choices other than the tikka pizza and vegetable curry-- neither of which she ordered, so I told her she wasn't allowed to have an overall opinion of the place, she could only give me the vegetarian point of view. She ordered the beet salad and then after tasting my mushy peas, ordered it and raved about it (as did I). Other foods sampled: curry cheese chips-- which were soggy, but tasty; Guinness Burger with stilton cheese which was delicious, but not anything to make a special trek for; Irish Whiskey Bread Pudding-- which was not very sweet and pretty good. 
Honestly, the things that made this place shine were the lovely people who worked here and the fact that we accidentally stumbled upon Harry Potter Quizzo which happens only every couple of months. The place was lit with floating candles for effect and there were serious Potterheads in here. We had a butter beer (not as good as the ones served at Universal) and we came in second to last place in quizzo, but had a lot of fun. 
I'd come again, get a little more adventurous with the food and update my review!Visited on a cold Sunday night while family was visiting from down south. Our server, Rita, was quick to greet us. Started off with a few beers. They have a great selection of draft and bottles. We tried the soup of the day, which was tomato bisque, and a scotch egg. Both were very good. For dinner we ordered some of the house specialties. Bangers & mash, fish & chips, and shepherds pie were perfect and came highly recommended by our server. 
For dessert, my brother orderded the Valentine's day special "Love cake." Rita was quick to point out that it was good, but the best dessert they made was the sticky toffee pudding. She then brought us out a sample on the house, and it was amazing!
I'm not one to write many restaurant reviews, but this restaurant deserved one. Great food and great service has me wanting to go back soon, and bring friends to try it out.I went here with my roommate and my cousin for my cousin's birthday dinner on Saturday night. The service was excellent, our server was cheerful and attentive, and the food came pretty quickly. I had the chicken salad sandwich, and it was delicious! The fries were big and soft and yummy. My cousin enjoyed the shepherd's pie, and my roommate liked her sausage (hey, get your mind out of the gutter!). 
The seating was a little awkward, with church pews on one side of the table with seats angled slightly so you slid back, and stools on the other. Not uncomfortable, just a bit awkward. The prices were decent, and the portions were filling, although this isn't a place where you'll likely have leftovers. What bumps it up to five stars for me is this: at the end of the night, my cousin bought two Mars bars (one for himself and one for me), and our server told him one was on her because it was his birthday. I was so touched that she went above and beyond to make his quarter-life-crisis birthday special! My only regret is not trying this place out sooner, like when I lived just about right above it.Love this place! The staff is always super kind and provides great service. This pub is so cozy and full of great beer and food. Best fish and chips around!Excellent and unique draft and cocktail list.  Food menu is an approachable mix of solid British classics and the restaurant's own twist on a few of those classics.  Staff is deeply knowledgeable (and enthusiastic!) about Victoria Freehouse's draft list and food menu.  A comfortable, friendly place that makes you want to return again and again.I know I went here really early and on a weeknight, so I'm not completely writing the place off, but I was seriously unimpressed. They have a good beer list if beer if your thing (it's not mine,) but aside from that, there's really nothing interesting about the place at all. I feel like it might be better on a busier night, but for me, it's not worth the schlep to the very edge of Center City when there are so many better options closer to the action.Good beer list, good service, good food. Stopped in by chance while my family and I were exploring Philly. Great scotch eggs and burger and the fish chips and shepherds pie were solid.After batting a thousand on our restaurants for our weekend getaway, this one was a bit of a disappointment.  We were welcomed by the hostess right away.  Our server, Rita, appeared to be the only one working...it wasn't busy and the service was slow.  Our food was a bit of a letdown.  We were not impressed.Went here for Sunday brunch and was thoroughly impressed.  Very creative food prep, authentic English Pub eats.  Prices were a bit high but that's Olde City for you.  
Also the Eggs Benedict could've used a side dish...my only complaint.My wife and I Love British Beers.  I had heard about this pub and wanted to try it.  Went in on Sunday at three.  There was just one person working bar and restaurant.  He was very efficient and pleasant.  We ordered two 20 ounce glasses of Tenets first. They were very cold and tasty.  We then ordered two Speckled Hens with our meals.  We had been craving fish and chips.  The food came out hot and timely.  The fish was well cooked and the batter was just the way we liked.  The chips were good but not what your used to in England.  I think the chips needed to set and drain a little.  They were greasy.  It was a little pricey for what you got.  All and all the experience was good.Fantastic food! Great selection of beers and we made it there for happy hour. My kids were psyched to have IrnBru again, which they had not had since leaving Scotland. The scotch eggs and bacon wrapped dates are delicious, everyone enjoyed their entrees. Service is stellar!Disappointment. My family decided on an early December Christmas get together in Philadelphia. I saw an ad on FB for a "Christmas Roast" at Victoria Freehouse. The adverts had paintings of a Victorian Christmas London. The fare was billed as traditional. When they called to verify that we were coming at the time I had reserved, the menu was flip flopped from the pork loin originally promised to a "hen". I asked if the place was Christmas'y, and the person responded that yes, they were "putting up greens" as we spoke. We arrived for our "traditional roast" and found it to be just another night in this overrated dump. There were minimal Christmas decorations to be found. The speakers blared not Christmas carols, but 60's 70's and 80's garbage. No "Noel" we got Ten Years After. I want to take a shower after being in the place. I have never been in a position where I would like my money back, but in this case I do. Over $200 for ridiculously small portions in a non Christmas piss atmosphere. Not sure if I aim angrier with this place for deceiving me so bad, or myself for being so stupid to go to the Victoria Freehouse. Avoid this place at all costs.I had the chicken tikka masala which was great, and reminded me of the masala I"ve had in London. Their beer selection is fantastic. At the time they had a nice bitter on tap, which always makes me happy. Sometimes the service can be a little bit slow, but when you're drinking good beer it doesn't seem that big of a deal.Pretty good British pub food. Did not have anything fried (fish and chips, etc). Friendly waters and  very nice interiors.This place is a neighborhood gem. I've tried different items from the menu and almost all of the small plates, all of them have been delicious and never bland. Plus the ambience it's always right, never too crowded, very comfy and they're always playing good alternative music.Great English food- full English breakfast, bubble and squeak, black pudding all were done well. Good turnout for the Liverpool match too. Didn't have any of the beers, but it looks like they have a decent selection. It's exactly what I was expecting, nothing more but nothing less.Came here on a Sunday morning to watch the Liverpool game with my fiancé, sister and brother in law. It was nice to be surrounded by fellow Liverpool supporters!
Beer specials were good- $5 Carlsberg.
Food was delicious! They offer modern cuisine mixed with the typical British fair- e.g. Fish and chips, chicken and chips, sausage and chips. The chicken and chips were amazing! Definitely worth a try! Cadbury stuffed French toast was also very good! 
Sadly, Liverpool lost but we definitely won finding this hidden gem! Will definitely be back!I stopped in on a quiet night (Old city was rainy and dead everywhere).  It's a British themed pub without trying to be theme-y.  The decor is very comfortable and simple w/o the corny decorations that chain restaurants would not likely resist if they owned it.
The owner/bartender (?) was super friendly and helpful.  I enjoyed the extensive British and British styled beer list.  The food menu looked great too.  We were just in for a late night snack so my friend and I ordered lightly to share.  We decided to try the Fish N' Chips since they were on special  They were absolutely perfect; light, flakey, fresh so we were glad we went for the larger $8 order.  For a desserty snack, we chose the stilton stuffed dates wrapped in bacon... I mean, c'mon, there's no way that's gonna let you down ...EVER.  
Im really looking forward to coming back here soon.  Old City is in desperate need for a real place that's not touristy-cheesy and frat-boi tacky.
*I stopped in again for dinner and drinks with 3 buddies and we had a great time.  The food was all good and the service excellent.Just stopped for couple of drinks and appetizers during happy hour. Good Bloody Mary and tikka pizza. Curry fries were good too. I did not have a great experience when I visited this place first time as server wasn't great and she did not give us any attention, seeing just one server again today I was telling myself that not a good idea to come again here looks like it is going to be same experience but I am glad I was proved wrong today. I was impressed with Richard our server today. I am guessing they were short of staff today as well and Richard handled the whole place by himself. He was awesome, always smiling, attentive and very good. He provided excellent customer service and it was commendable the way he handled all the tables. The extra star in my rating is just for the service given by him. Well done Richard you are awesome!!Really fantastic food and ambiance! Reminds me of my semester abroad in Scotland. Had the chicken sandwich with a rasher of bacon. Fries were perfect. We'll be back!We stopped here to get drinks on our way to a concert. The staff were wonderful. We loved chatting with them. Definitely a homey feel, further away from old city so less tourists.Came here for happy hour (of course). A nice selection of  British, Irish and Scottish beers. 20 0z. for $5 bucks is a good deal for such standards as Belhaven & Fuller's. Also some hard to find others (not included in happy hour- boo), but available in half- pints; yay! Was not crowded at all on a Thurs. early eve.
The atmosphere is nice and cozy, and the bartenders/ servers were helpful and friendly. The bacon wrapped dates were an amazing snack! Skip the rarebit. it was bland cheese on a piece of toast w/hardly any sauce.
Overall an O.K experience.Felt very welcome here. I would return when I'm in the mood for some a nice imperial pint (or 1/2) of  imported ale and those dates.My fiance and I went to The Victoria Freehouse last week.
My fiance is from the island of Malta, and I lived in Scotland for several years, we've been scouring Philadelphia in search of decent, authentic British fare. So we were really excited to try them out. When we arrived the place was empty, accept for a few very loud and annoying Americans at the bar.
The food was not up to par.
I started with the Scotch Egg ( I've been craving one for months) when I received it it looked slightly burnt, had very little flavor and was quite dry. Needless to say my craving has not been satisfied.
I had the Shepard's Pie as my entree, yet again very disappointing. It was served with cheesy mash, not the traditional crispy mash (sooo much tastier)  there was barely any meat in it, and had a very odd sweetness to it.
My fiance had the Bangers and mash, it was overall quite bland and also had an odd, out of place sweetness to it. He was not impressed.
For dessert I (tried) to have the Lemon curd tart, and my fiance had the bread and butter pudding.
the lemon curd tart was served with a dollop of Chantilly on top, my initial bite was delicious, however when I dipped into the Chantilly cream, it was instantly apparent that it was sour and unserviceable.  The waitress was extremely apologetic and immediately took both desserts off of the bill. 
The bread and butter pudding was fantastic, I may go back just to get that.
The only redeeming quality was the service, our waitress was fantastic, very attentive and a joy to talk to. She should find a better restaurant to work at, because she is way too good for this place. 
Needless to say our experience was not what we had expected, and will not be returning.
If you are looking for good British fare, this is NOT the place.Had really great bar food! Great English Pub! Went this past Monday 10/17 to watch the Liverpool vs Manchester United game. Nice atmosphere, mostly Liverpool fans. It was great service with the amount of employees present and food came surpsringly fast. Will definetely be coming back!This place is amazing! 
The beer selection is mind blowing, Wells Bombadier.  
Fullers, Newcastle, they had a lot of obscure English beers in
bottles as well.  Food is outstanding, had the English breakfast
with a Boddingtons, man, so good. 
If you like Meat and Beer, you will love this place.
MeatPhenomenal joint all around. Neat ambiance, authentic design. I started with the house made scones and clotted cream and jam- to die for. Our party had fish and chips, bangers and mash, the English breakfast, and Welch rarebit. All were fantastically delicious. Also had some outstanding beers on tap- many imports. Will definitely be coming back.It's all about the authentic British pub food and beers here. Great scotch eggs, deviled eggs, fish and chips, etc. Plus any bar that serves Old Speckled Hen, Wells Bombardier, and Newcastle is good in my book.
Because of the location on Front St, there is less foot traffic compared to Market or 2nd Street and it's usually very easy to get a table.
Unfortunately, service can vary significantly depending on who is waitressing. Sometimes everything is perfect, but sometimes you wait 45 minutes for the check. It's the only downside to what is otherwise a solid pub.The best English pub I have been to in Philly. The food is really good and the beers are good as well. I really recommend the St. Peter's Golden Ale. The pickled deviled eggs and the "devils on horseback" dates are a great way to start. The staff was very friendly and the bathroom was clean. Overall, a great experience. I knocked off one star because they have a host/hostess stand but it took us a few minutes to figure out it was actually seat yourself. A sign would be nice. Also, at a First Friday event they had a table advertising 20% off all food that night, but they hadn't communicated that to our waitress. Fairly minor issues, and again overall a great experience.Beautiful place, yummy food, decent selection of beer however No paying customer should be greeted with a bad attitude owner or not ;( If you can't master customer service then you shouldn't put yourself out to the public especially from a place that needs all the people they can get in there since it's rarely busy! Other staff is very nice sweet bartender & new manager Richard! & African chef  are very polite! Delicious food and unique atmosphere. Owner should be a bit nicer and less snobby and advertise a bit and get this place poppin! This place has such potential! Hopefully the new manager will turn this place around!Authentic British pub. Good beer selection and friendly staff. I have had the Welsh rarebit, sausage roll and the fish and chips. All were good but the fish and chips was the best I have had in philly. Check it out you won't be disappointed.Went for lunch, but was a little disappointed.  They didn't have a couple of things we tried to order and the food came out sporadically.TLDR; I think this place is underrated, the food here is really good. Tikka pizza was a great experience and they make the best dang fish and chips in Philly.
I thought these people were insane trying to add curry on pizza, but I was stupid to ever doubt them. I had assumed it was an idiotic combination but they've really stumbled upon something magical.
Crust was thin, but the curry complimented the cheese really well. 
And holy $@?!, the fish and chips here. Those Brits sure know how to make em. Very crispy fries and fish with tartar sauce. Victoria free house has made the beat fish and chips I've had to date. None of that soggy garbage. I've had fish and chips twice at Eulogy (another bar around the corner) and its totally hit or miss there. 
Spruce street harbor and summerfest/winterfest are also across the street so this is a pretty good place to hit up if you're planning a long night.Great to find a Liverpool bar right along the river!
With awesome beer, hearty portions, and the most yummy deviled eggs, You'll Never Walk Alone!Not impressed. The sign outside the bar said half price drinks, etc. but when we asked about them inside, the bartender said, Oh, I just put that out there but it is not for today (a Saturday). They did have a $2.50 beer special, though. The place was not busy on a mid-Saturday afternoon, but the service was terrible. We left after a couple we were with, who had come in later than us, waited 5 to 10 minutes but no one took their order. I would not return to this place.Been twice already and we love the place.  It rivals Dandelion as a British pub.  Simply great food.  The fish and chips was outstanding and the guiness burger was superb.  I LOVE the fact that they have two ales always on hand pump.  Well done, mates!  Friendly boatmen; helpful wait staff.  This has become and instant new favorite!Went here for Saturday lunch and drinks with a friend, had a great time.  Great drink options, both beer and cocktails and most importantly, great food.  We had the chicken tikki masala and wings.  Can't wait to go back.If you want great fish and chips in a clean environment, go to Victoria Freehouse. 
It is on the edge of Old City. You walk in and you are surrounded by warm wood paneling. There are tables and a bar. The bar is good. It would be perfect if they had a brass rail for you to rest your feet on. 
In addition to the tasty fish and chips, they have a great selection of beers from both the UK and the US. They even have, get this, a Monty Python "Holy Ail" It was tasty. They also have a selection of ciders, wine and whiskey.A friend and I roamed around the streets of Old City looking for a place that was showing a Premier League game, and we encountered this (sort of hidden) gem! We walked into a few people at the bar watching the game enthusiastically, which was just what we were looking for.
We shared a small plate of fish and chips, which was surprisingly pretty big for a small plate and just the perfect amount of food that we were looking for to hold us over until dinner. They have a very good selection of beer on tap, many of them from our friends across the Pond, and the fish n chips were definitely one of the best that we've both had since our time together in London.
Although there were only two bartenders working the whole time we were there, service was not lacking in any shape or form.
Would happily return for another great plate of fish n chips!Best chicken wings I've had in the city!! And the salads are so good as well; this place is a hidden gem!We much enjoyed our first visit to Victoria Freehouse on a midweek late afternoon -- A wide selection of beers to choose from, with pints of Innis & Gunn and London Porter our final choices. Fish (cod) and chips, and Bangers and Mash followed appetizers of Welsh Rarebit and Devils on Horseback (never had the latter, which I now highly recommend!). A shared rhubarb ginger fool ended the evening. All in all, competent service, well-crafted menu, and a place where conversation can be had. This place should be in it for the long haul.I have been coming to VF since it opened and I'm super psyched that they have managed to stay in business in such a low foot traffic area of Old City. The Fish & Chips is beyond amazing and definitely the best in all of philly if not the entire eastern seaboard!! true story! Bangers and mash are on point. Seriously, you can't go wrong with coming to VF for great food and a super sweet beer list. BONUS: The staff are ALWAYS warm and welcoming.I have gone to the Victoria Freehouse several time and it has yet to disappoint.  I have tried many things on the menu and have been really happy with all of my choices. The appetizers were perfect portions so they do not make you too full for your meal. The Tikki Masala was so flavorful and the rice underneath was perfect.  The Shepard's Pie is fantastic and I am absolutely going to get that again.                                                    
The staff is incredibly knowledgeable, and the beer selection is awesome.  
I will be back!!!!What a great find! My husband and I went on a Saturday afternoon. It wasn't too busy, so you could really see all of this place. Super clean and nice appointed. The bartender was great. Chatted us up the whole time we were there and had excellent food and beverage suggestions. I had the Pimm's Cup and Scotch Egg-both very traditional and delicious.I also had the house pickles, which you can tell that they make there. So fresh! My husband had a beer (Tennent's Lager), which he really enjoyed and Shepherd's Pie. Can't wait to come back here to try more!Good reminder of British pub grub. Relaxing and good service so recommended. Bangers were excellentThe service was very bad and the food was bland. The Shepard pie and chicken pie was greasy.  Even though it was empty there on Sunday, everything Taste like it was from a microwave .I would advise people  to never visit this place!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!I would have never known this place existed if they hadn't been in on a drinkphilly/First Friday event....and the fact that they support their local arts scene and work with awesome sites like drinkphilly.com are two big points for me!
I got to try their Devils on Horseback at that event: Stilton stuffed dates wrapped in bacon.  I'm a sucker for stuffed dates and these were the best I've had in a LONG time.  They were so good that I dragged my friends to the restaurant after First Friday festivities concluded so I could get a plate of them.
I'm glad that I dragged my friends there because food aside, the atmosphere is awesome.  I really love the slightly dark, English pub feel to this place (which duh they're going for and they nailed it)  I was also super excited that they had a giant cardboard cutout of Prince William, Kate, and their baby with faces cut out for photo opportunities.  That's my kind of humor!
I didn't try anything other than the Devils and was a bit bummed about the price for the quantity....but they were awesome.  They also have a wonderful draft list.  I will definitely be going back to this place on my next First Friday to try more things!Stopped in for drinks, the place was pretty quiet, but that bartender told me this isn't usually the case.  Interesting selection of beers, including a few seasonal winter beers.  I was pretty psyched that they serve mead here, in fact they have two varieties.  
The menu looks interesting and I absolutely could like to come back for lunch.  It is apparently owned by the same people from the British Chip Shop in Haddonfield, NJ (which I have enjoyed).  I imagine the British chip shop vibe would go much better in a place that can serve pints.I went to the Victoria Freehouse early on a Monday evening before having to be someplace nearby at 7. I made a reservation because I needed some Open Table points, but as it turned out, that was TOTALLY unnecessary - when I walked in, there was the bartender/hostess/server, two people at the bar, and two other people at a table. This, during Happy Hour. And the two people at the bar left after about 10 minutes, so it was *really* empty. The b/h/s was friendly and helpful, giving me the rundown on Happy Hour specials, etc., and I settled in with a nice glass of Magner's cider. This is a place that calls itself a true British pub, so I ordered true British pub food - fish and chips. The "small" portion was enormous - probably a 5 oz. piece of fish and an entire basket of chips. The breading on the fish was very good, light and crispy and not particularly greasy: the problem was, the fish was plopped on top of the chips without any spare room in the basket, so cutting into the filet left breading and fish bits on the potatoes. Not a major issue, I suppose, but awkward. Tartar sauce was good, and chips were excellent. With the Happy Hour pricing for my cider, my meal came to only about $20, which is pretty good. I can't review the ambiance, or service under pressure, or noise, or any of those aspects, because it was such a slow night. But I'd come back to try other of their pub offerings, some other time.My friends and I went there last night for their weekly quizzo night. It wasn't crowded and we didn't order any food. Instead we ordered a pot of Earl Grey and Peppermint tea. The tea was great and the tea portion was quite generous for $3 (small) and $5 (large). I can see myself coming here to do some work and drink tea. I will definitely come back for another fun quizzo night and to explore their food menu.I think The Victoria Freehouse is a great little spot.
Located right on Front Street, the spot is Philly's sister spot to the British Chip Shop/English Garderner.  They actually sell a few British food products there as well.
The draft list is impressive for any Anglophile and the fact they offer smaller poors for cheaper = you can sample more ales!
We've only been there once to sit down for a proper meal; we had brunch and I got the Crab on Toast while my husband had the fish and chips. My crab on toast was dense with tasty crab and was a nice size portion for the price.  The fish was perfectly fried and the chips could've been crisped up a bit more but was delicious nevertheless.
Victoria Freehouse touts itself as a "pub" but the big open room is decidedly non-pubby to me as someone who has visited a couple in a trip to England. But the decor is bright and very clean looking.  I hope to be back soon for a proper pudding or Sunday roast at some point!I met friends for brunch a few Sundays ago. We had all spent some time in London and were looking for feeling a bit desperate for British pub food, so decided to give it a shot. 
First of all, the location is right on the river, on a sunny day it's really beautiful. They also have parking directly across the street- so don't drive yourself crazy trying to find a spot around the city. 
The Freehouse a lot like their Haddonfield location, The British Chip Shop, but with alcohol. So it's just instantly more awesome. Plus all of the beers are British brews that you will find on a typical evening out in the UK. That means Strongbow on tap regularly, for you cider fans.  They also have full pots of tea for those that don't drink.
They had a lot of great brunch drink deals, including the standard mimosa's and bloody Mary's, but what I noticed was that the bartender blended each drink by hand, and cut up celery for each Bloody fresh. Little things like that are so unusual that you don't even notice when you miss them, but they don't go unnoticed when done correctly. 
I went with hardboiled eggs with a curry sauce, basmati rice and naan for my brunch option (I can't find their brunch menu so I'm not sure what it's called). I had never imagined hard boiled eggs having that much flavor. but it was really nice- and really, really filling. They really know how to make a good curry sauce.  I also got a side of rashers (because a meal without meat is just a snack) and they were unbelievably good. So crispy, salty, and so hard to find done right in the US. My friends went with the full English breakfast and sausage and chips and had no complaints either. I also heard some serious praises coming from the table next to us about their sticky toffee pudding. 
From past experience I would say to order the curried cheese chips at lunch/dinner. They are out of this world. A really creamy curry sauce, thick cut fries and tons of gooey cheese. It's way over the top and may take a year off your life but it is worth every bit of compromised artery. 
We loved that we walked in and they were nonchalantly playing a Chelsea FC match on the tv. As a CFC fan I know how hard it is to find a match on a day when the Phillies/Eagles/Flyers happen to be playing, and it did not go unappreciated. Chelsea lost... but I'll complain about that on some other social media site somewhere.Staff was friendly, efficient and fun. Food was straightforward pub done really really well. Fish & chips were awesome.Four of my friends and I went here on a Sunday. There was another table of 4 and another table of 2. I'm not sure what was going on with their staff in the kitchen; however, the service was horrible. I ordered a hummus plate and the deviled eggs and I had no idea that cold food takes that long to be plated and served. After literally 35 minutes of nothing I just cancelled my order. The server was kind enough to offer me a drink for the lack of service which I appreciated, BUT we then get the check and she charges us 18% gratuity because we're a table of 6...so we say "no there's 5 of us" so she reprints it, then we look at the bill and see she kept the hummus on the tab etc etc it was just horrible. I don't know if they were trying to take advantage of us like we wouldn't notice but there are too much pubs and bars to go here.Nearly deserted on a Thurs. nite. Great draft list. We had Welsh rabbit, which had melted cheese rather than a cheese sauce. Our server was friendly, if not particularly knowledgeable about beer. Upstairs is a rowdy karaoke bar, but it is possible to carry on a conversation here. Seems to be gay-friendly.Feb 2016 edit: Apparently happy hour is 5-6 now.
This is the only place where you can order a scotch egg in all of Philadelphia. 
That being said, go during their weekday happy hour (4pm - 6pm) when you can order a scotch egg for $3 rather than $6. All pub snacks are half price and the scotch eggs and curry fries are more than worth it. The entrees are just on this side of too pricey for me to be interested in coming here for dinner.
It's always been fairly empty and quiet at 5pm on weekdays, even Fridays, but by 6pm the place starts filling up with people. Sometimes there's a blond woman at the bar and she's very friendly and chatty. Other times there's a dark haired woman and she's rude and often doesn't fill up the imperial pints as much as the other bartender does. 
I can't say enough things about the scotch eggs. They're perfection.This place is okay for a nice gin cocktail. There menu is kind of limited and doesn't change but if you have a craving for some UK classics then go for it.  Overall their main bartender can sometimes be a little patronizing and crabby but with a great beer and cocktail options you just deal and ignore her.Literally stumbled upon this place while looking for a nightcap place after ice cream around the corner at franklin fountain.  This is a great spot for late night snacks/drinks!  And there is a very nice variety of beers, cocktails, whiskeys, etc.  Everyone in our group had something they liked on the menu which isn't always easy to find.  The prices were reasonable too.  I was surprised there weren't more people here, but maybe it's a new establishment or a weird location.  Either way I can definitely see myself coming here again at least for drinks.  Oh!  And the TV had soccer.Based on drinks alone. Our first time here so we were open to seeing how this place would turn out.
Has potential as the bar area was quiet and nice. Beer list was not the best. Was feeling wine as it's pretty chilly out and I think the bottle was open 10 years ago. Terrible flat tasting wine -- not worth the calories !
Will try again , but beware of flat wine !Great standard British food.  Try the fish and chips.  So fresh!  Great draught beers.  Try the dates.Pathetic service. The worst ever place. The server would come to our table at her own sweet time. Keep forgetting what we ordered. Everything came too late. And even before we asked for bill she gives it to us and says 'here's your bill I will add anything you want later'. I would never ever visit this place. Also at the beginning even while we are still deciding on what we want to eat the server was like 'sir what do you want to drink. Mam what you want to drink' - and that wasn't polite at all. It was so much in rush that she was that probably even before we start she wanted us to get done.Was kind of excited to eat here, but it was lackluster. The tap list and bottle choices was great, with beers from various areas of Britain and even the U.S. Our waitress seemed to be inattentive toward my girlfriend and I, and busy with her phone or talking with the bartender. I ordered sausage and chips, and it was underwhelming. The sausage was lukewarm and some of the fries were burnt. Sadly, I doubt I will eat here again, but just have a drink at a bar.This is a hidden gem.  Try the Crabby's Ginger Beer. Get it over ice, and get a slice of lemon or lime...either works!!!
Cool place, interesting appetizers, and friendly staff.Try everything. Oh, G-d, the Chicken & Chips! And be prepared to defend your Sticky Toffee Pudding or Bread & Butter Pudding with your life.Sit near the bar on a cool sunny evening and it almost feels like you're at Brighton beach.
we went on a groupon (or living social - can't remember which) for dinner and enjoyed everything. pleasant pub eats made with quality ingredients. not too oily. 
delicious: tikka pizza, most especially the country fish pie. great deal on groupon, but wouldn't have tried much otherwise as mains and sandwiches are over-priced. not sure if we'll ever spring for a proper meal there at full-price. with tourists and well to do folks they might be right on target though...
the place was dead on a saturday night at 7. felt sorry for the waitstaff.
good beer selection. nice draught.
have never been here just to drink - could be fun late at night.Great beer selection. Interesting menu, very British, of course.  I am looking forward to their brunch.  It is nice that they offer a vegetarian Full English Breakfast.Great food, drinks, and performance venue!  I initially came for a burlesque show series entitled "Full Front Street," during which on a particular evening I knew a few of the featured performers.  While the performance was my main reason for attending, I was as equally impressed with the quality of the food and beverage.  I ordered my usual cider and the mac and cheese--AMAZING!  Had I been hungrier, I would have ordered the fries, which received high praise from friends of mine who had ordered them.  Service is prompt and professional, and while the menu items are not cheap, they're not astronomically expensive either.  Definitely looking forward to returning for another installment of "Full Front Street" or for another performance!I frequent this bar usually on Wednesday comedy nights, but decided to hit this place post first Friday, and man, that was a trip. The night started out with the usual warm hellos and welcomes from the wonderful staff. These guys are amazing. That was the establishment buckling me in I suppose. Shortly after this the manager (the blond dude) was putting on quite the show, one usually seen on south Street when all the bars let out. Aside from the way he spoke to his staff (and I would never want to be spoken to to that way), he was demanding shots from the bartender, who did her best to try to deny him (but your boss is your boss, sweet catch 22 there), he was rude to guests, and finally doing the classic drunk shuffle (and slight knocks) towards the restroom and I assume office. Again I love the staff here, but if this is how owners allow for their place to be run, I'm astonished. Wednesday nights are still amazing. Thank your staff, not the blond managerWe chose this restaurant/pub due to close proximity of our hotel and wanting to watch a hockey play off game. Also their highlighting good fish and chips. Their friendliness and service was good but the fish and chips were terrible. Fish not very crisp almost to the point of undercooked. The fries had to be leftovers or the cook went to sleep while cooking them! A huge basket full of fries with the one piece of fish. I don't like to give bad reviews but our tab was quite pricey and not worthy of what we were served in food.Finally tried this place yesterday and was a little disappointed. Like 99% of so called Irish Pubs in America aren't Irish this is not a British Pub.
I got the fish and chips. Fish was pretty good although the Batter wasn't traditional Batter. Chips were mostly burned and too thin. The mushy peas were pretty good.
The Scotch eggs were good but once again the curry chips were a let down.
This is average American Bar food that is a little overpriced. Don't expect Traditional British food here.came in on Friday night for the beer tasting. Stephanie the bartender was extremely friendly and knowledgeable. I've been here a few times but based on my last experience I will definitely keep coming back!love cider, and the freehouse has some i've never seen anywhere else.  visited on a quiet tuesday afternoon with a friend and took advantage of their happy hour.  pub snacks were half price, we ordered curried cheese chips which are kind of like cheese fries but sooo much better.  I'm not a huge spice fan and was worried the curry would be spicy but it wasn't.  the fries were seriously amazing.  the bartender was very knowledgeable and talked cider with me at length, ended up ordering Aspall cider brewed with blackberries- holy shit! it was so good.  My friend ordered a beer on special and enjoyed his as well.  really cool place planning to bring friends back for the weekend.Freshen your drink Gov'ner ?! I like this new British themed pub; the decor is simple and soccer is always on the TV.  The draft list is small, but thoughtful and authentic.  Drinks are the regular price and come in half and full imperial pints.  Exception: $9 for Jamison is outrageous. 
The food is also authentic British (including the Indian options).  It didn't amaze though, the large order of fish and chips was hit and miss ($17).  The quality of fish was excellent, but both the fries and fish breading were lacking a perfect crispiness; they were borderline soggy.  The best part is the imported malt vinegar.  That stuff is great!
Bottom Line: It won't be a regular stop for me, but I like this place.  I fully expect this place to be around for a while and get even better as they work out the few, minor kinks they have.