Came for a small work dinner and was not impressed.  Our waiter seemed drunk (slurring speech, knocking things over, dropping plates, leaning on and over people sitting at the table, etc.).  It completely ruined the experience.
Food was decent but not worth the price.  This restaurant had so much potential, but the staff always makes the experience and unfortunately ours wasn't a good one.Had a great waiter Demetrius, he kept the mimosas coming.  The hangover sandwich was amazing! Great atmosphere! Definitely a great brunch spot!We love this place. They recently opened their patio and it's great. The ambiance is perfect. The food is always great. Their sushi is some the best I've had in the city! You won't be disappointed!Seen this on tik tok and had to try while in Philly! Went for brunch, 10/10. Food was delicious! Bottomless mimosas kept coming! Service was great! Ambiance is amazing! Would deff recommended :)There's a lot of people who have never reviewed on Yelp before giving the place 5 star reviews...not sketchy at all!
Mediocre food that is overpriced in a pretentiously decorated atmosphere that tries to be West Elm but mixes in a gaudy chandelier that could have come straight from HomeGoods. The chairs are uncomfortable to sit in and have cardboard bases. They are still under construction outside. It's not a warm homey ambiance, it's uncomfortable. 
Service was slow: they provided bread, said they would get the butter but never returned. The bread was dry and  really needed the butter.
The brussels sprouts were not well roasted and ended up marinating in the oil mixed in with low grade parmesan cheese that congealed...lovely.
The hamburger patty was inconsistent in well doneness and was more meatball than patty. Try eating a meatball shaped burger, and having it fall apart. The meat wasn't high quality at all. It was far too lean without the right bounce or juiciness one should expect. The fries were oversized and bland.
The scallops were not bad, but quite overpriced. 
Stay far away and save your money. There's plenty of other great restaurants in Fairmount or the surrounding areas.I was excited to try the Hadley when a close friend of mine informed me of their grand opening and invited me to their exclusive company happy hour. 
The interior design is very aesthetically pleasing, and when I say that, I mean, it's VERY INSTAGRAM-WORTHY. XD For the company happy hour, we had Bacon Wrapped Scallops, Vegetable Egg Rolls, Tomato Mozzarella Skewers, and Mini Crabcakes. Everything was delicious! 
I also tried their brunch just yesterday for my bestie's birthday. Our server was really hospitable and friendly. We had the Manhattan Bagel (which was highly recommended), French Toast, Hangover Sandwich, Eggs Florentine, and Eggs & Bacon Breakfast Pizza. The Manhattan Bagel was SOOO GOOD! If you like smoked salmon, definitely order it! The Hangover Sandwich was simple, but tasty. The Eggs Florentine was pretty good too. Heck, everything was pretty good. 
Overall, a great experience. I will definitely go back!Pros
- oysters covered with fresh crab meat (best I've ever had)
- filet steak in with crab (amazing)
- great wine
Cons
- TERRIBLE SERVICE. Took a while to seat us even though we had reservations. The indian host was rude, as if we weren't really welcome in the establishment (it was really weird). We sat there for 20 minutes with no menu, utensils and no waiter acknowledging our presence for 25 minutes. It took an hour for our food to come out after ordering.
They've only been open for 3 months, but if they can get there service together, this would have been a solid 4/4.5 because the food was amazing.The Hadley is a remarkable restaurant in a sort of out of the way location along Philly's Ben Franklin Parkway.  But it is worth the trip.  Situated in the Park Towne Place Apartments at 22nd and Park Towne Place, it features indoor and outdoor dining featuring an Italianesque array of offerings.  At a recent visit our party of four had the Boneless half chicken whose fine crusting crackled, Rigatoni in a bowl topped with a pork ragu, Hadley Salad [mounded, shredded lettuces topped with pears, pecans, dates & smoked bleu cheese] and a Chicken Parmesan, flattened and coated with tomato sauce and parmesan.  Sides included potatoes au gratin, shelled corn, braised brussel sprouts, cheesy & creamy mac and cheese and sauteed spinach. Their rolls, made on the premises, are a perfect prep for the meal.  All agreed the offerings we sampled and devoured to be top quality.  Kudos to our server and chef.  We will be back.Chill place near the Philly Museum of Art.  Food was great!  I had a goat cheese, asparagus and bacon omelet with roasted potatoes as part of the bottomless brunch combo.  It was delicious.  We sat outside and enjoyed our Bloody Marys and Mimosas while listening to the DJ "spin" a variety of great, yet diverse tunes.  Service was friendly and solid!  I'll definitely go back the next time that I am in Philly.AMAZING!!! 12/11, the most amazing brunch experience in philly. food was to die for and the bottomless mimosas hit just right ;) definitely get either the bacon burrito or the french toast, literally can't rave about the food enough. also service is great, they come around to fill your mimosa glass like it's their job! ( it is but that's beside the point ) I LOVE THIS PLACEGreat experience. Food was good, and the server was entertaining. Even though there was some miscommunication with seating, they were accommodating and extended the bottomless mimosa.Great service, DOG FRIENDLY, stiff drinks, and good food.
The atmosphere is very chic, outdoor seating is comfortable and nice. The drink names are very quirky and fun I ordered the "Party by Myself" and "I want a Divorce" both were very good and I highly recommend getting a Divorce. The waiter even brought out a water bowl for our dog! I also ordered the fig flatbread which was Devine. I highly recommend this place. 
I will definitely come backCame here with a friend for apps and drinks on a Sunday night. Dimly lit, super quiet, very laidback atmosphere. Gorgeous interior. Drinks were excellent and my spinach dip was super creamy. They give you a parking slip for street parking out front, which was perfect. Will be back to try a different drink and an entree!This is such a fantastic restaurant. The quality of the food is awesome and the service is amazing. I'm from NYC and it rivals some of the better upscale
restaurants in the city. Management and staff make the experience.AMAZING!!! our waitress kate was the sweetest girl ever! best bottomless mimosas ever theyre so welcoming hereSolid new addition to the neighborhood.  The food was very good.  The staff was very attentive and pleasant - they will get even better with experience.  It is a new place.
French onion soup and house salad were strong starters - lots of detail in the salad (varied greens, nuts, cheese, very lightly dressed - a nice start) and soup ( a split marrow bone on the side was a nice touch)  Flatbread (gorgonzola) on a cauliflower crust was intense flavor and a crispy/chewy crust.  Mushroom ravioli were unadorned which allowed the full mushroom flavor to come thru.  All of our plates were completely enjoyed.  Chef visited while we were finishing wine.  He offered/insisted on a complimentary dessert.  It was fine but clearly not made in house - that overly firm, perfectly layered style.  I'd ask if a dessert was made in-house before I ordered it.
All-in-all, we will happily return.  In an area of aging restaurants, this is a strong newcomer.Did bottomless mimosas. received a glass w a full on lipstick stain, me and all my friends have felt sick since we left.Do not order from here via grubhub. They don't update their menu and my entire order was wrong. They cancelled one item, and then the chicken tacos, which were nothing like the description, had multiple bones in them. The restaurant told me they would refund but here we are 3 weeks later and I haven't gotten anything back. The food and service are both disappointing. Not worth going toMy husband and came in for brunch this afternoon. We had the avocado toast, chocolate chip pancakes, French toast, and we both ordered the American breakfast. The food was delicious and fresh. The service was fantastic -- Tyler was our server. We had a nice time and will definitely return.Good prices for the quality of food given. Came in for the Steak shown in the pictures but due to Covid they recently changed their menu. The menu mostly consist of Appetizers, sandwiches, salads and flatbreads. Gorgeous atmosphere tho.Awesome place for apps and drinks  before hitting a show.
Also, phenomenal dinner environment. Great atmosphere and location. I am excited for the outdoor deck to open this Spring!Great place. We had been there for Saturday brunch and all the items are just delicious. We ordered Manhattan bagel, avocado toast to name few and few other items. Everything is soooo good and fresh!!!
PS - Yelp took my review as not recommended  probably because they think I work their as my location might be showing same as restaurant. But to Yelp people - this restaurant is withon our building. I STAY HERE IN THIS BUILDING WHERE WE HAVE 18 floors and this restaurant is at the very bottom floor. Hope this helps YELP team to not consider my review as fake!!!!Had a wonderful Mother's Day dinner at this beautiful venue. The service was exceptional and the atmosphere embraced an intentional balance of modern architecture and culinary artistry. Located along the historic Ben Franklin Parkway which is perfect for a post-dinner stroll. To make this place even more worth the experience is the night bartender who can make "any drink you think of."Went to the Hadley for brunch. Had the lox with rye bread. Was pleasantly surprised :)The Hadley has a great brunch special. Demetrius was very attentive and an excellent waiter!!!!!I really liked this spot. We sat outside and did the bottomless brunch. For $35 bottomless mimosas & Bloody Mary's +an entree is unbeatable. I got the hangover sandwich, so good. Next time I may go with the burrito, my friend got that and I was jealous. We also split the French toast and pancakes for the table. The mims were delicious and strong. 
Okay some cons: it's in an apartment complex. That's a little weird. Secondly, they don't swiftly bring out your mims. I felt like we had to beg for them. The service was just okay. 
In all - I'd come back for sure.I'm a huge fan of Eggs Benedict and were looking forward to trying my poached eggs, but when I tried them I realized that they tasted like mold. And that happened only after I'd already eaten the half of the dish, the first half was delicious actually. I turned around the bread and it was clear that there was some mold on the back. The waiter took back my dish and returned with the manager after 3 minutes, saying that that was just a garlic and rosemary, not a mold. I suggested them to try that bread with garlic and rosemary themselves, but they refused and were still trying to explain that I was wrong. After all, they just removed the dish from the check but even didn't offer a replacement or any sweet complement from chef. Dissapointed.
Update:
We've given this place another shot recently. And this time our overal experience was much better. The food was delicious and fresh except fruit bowl -- fruits looked a bit "tired". But we're not in Florida and it's winter actually so that's understandable. The staff was polite and fruit bowl was immediatelly replaced with another dish and a drink as a complement.
I'd say this is a decent place in Philly. It's still very new and needs some time to sort out all minor issues but seems like guys are doing that right. We'll be glad to stop by one more time soon.Visited here on the morning of 4th of July for brunch with a friend. I saw a video on TikTok and decided to give this place a try. We opted to sit outdoors  as it was a nice day. I ordered a mimosa and the breakfast pizza which I really enjoyed. It was nice and crisp and very filling. 
Service was just okay. Our actual waitress spilled some of my mimosa on the table and while she apologized she didn't bring a napkin or anything to clean it up. She also seems a bit unsteady on her feet. 
Overall I would return.Okay for happy hour but I'd be very nervous to actually eat the food there. 
The building is completely infested with mice. Just walk around the outside, the little black boxes are mouse traps. There has been horrible infestation issues for residents on the first few floors at Park Town Place (the complex where the restaurant is in). I can't even imagine what's in the kitchen! Ewwww. 
The locations tough too, very difficult to find for such a 'trendy' place. There are so many wonderful restaurants in the area... For the price, I'd rather eat somewhere that is rodent free.The Hadley was very welcoming. The service was good but unfortunately we were told the kitchen was backed up and there were only about 10 people in the entire restaurant. We ordered our appetizer and it took a while for our food to get to the table ( we were expecting that ) but we weren't expecting it to be cold. Our entrees came out and the food lacked flavor and the temperature was warm as if it was sitting out under a lamp.Came here for dinner two nights ago for a work dinner. The hotel recommended a new fun spot near by. I had the burger which was amazing. Our service was great with recommendations for starters to share and just really friendly and knowledgeable. I will try and come back next time I am in town.Their cauliflower parm is one of the best things I've ever eaten. The service is so friendly and engaging, making the entire experience very enjoyable.So disappointed! We went to the opening and waited for service, then left because there was none, thinking we'd give the place another try later. I really wanted our meal to be a success. First: drinks. My friend asked for the drinks menu and got the bottled wine list. I ordered a glass of sparkling rose and got flat, with no indication that it was unavailable. In fact, there was no sparkling by the glass at all, except Prosecco, which was unacceptable. 
Then, the meal. My friend had the halibut and was happy. It had a nicely spiced tomato coulis and adequate vegetables. My husband had the black cod, and the deconstructed Caesar. Cod was mediocre, relatively tasteless and expensive. The dressing for the salad was very good.
What was so very disappointing was my meal. I ordered the foie gras, expecting a decent seared piece, cooked medium rare. Instead, I got an overcooked slice of liver, maybe 1/3 ounce, with an accompanying jam stuffed in a puff pastry shell the size of a ten ounce filet mignon! To accompany my foie gras, I ordered the fungi flatbread which was on the bill as pizza. It was filled with overcooked spinach, I had to search for the mushrooms.
When the host came over, he asked how our meal was. When I indicated it was just ok, he moved on to table. Apparently, his job was to ask, not care.
This restaurant will probably survive on its bar business. To expect The Hadley will take its place among the very fine other restaurants in our town may be unrealistic. It has so far to go in food quality, service and presentation that I'm not hopeful. I know one thing, there are a lot of fine restaurants I'll return to before I go back to the Hadley.I've been here at least 8 times (dinner and brunch). 
Brunch: 
$32 for bottomless mimosas or Bloody Mary and an entree. It's a great deal. I've had just about all the entrees and my absolute favorite is the hangover without bacon (I'm a pescatarian) and the French toast. 
When you get coffee and get creamer they actually warm it up :)The setting is very clean, the food is great and the service is amazing.  They have included a DJ recently and the vibe is just out of this world.  We will definitely be back soon!  Thanks for having us The Hadley!  CheersAbsolutely fantabulous experience with great food served by some really amazing energetic staff members. We ordered Salads and Sandwiches and it was really tasty. The best part of the entire experience was this server (Parshv) who made us feel so comfortable during the entire stay. Thank you Parshv for making it a special day for us.Visiting in the city needed a nice place for dinner. Called the Hadley to make reservations. We were told that only vaccinated guests were permitted to dine inside. Proof of vaccination was also required. 
We were offered Sunday brunch, however we choose to order off the menu. All good choices. 
Very good service friendly and accommodating for our party of 8Came here to order drinks to go and was very disappointed to see the server inside not wearing a mask. While I understand that these times are difficult, it was disheartening to see the person who was preparing our drinks not wearing a mask while doing so, and seemingly preparing other drink orders as well. Hope to see an improvement in the future.Best New restaurant in Philly. Ambiance is unique and trendy. Get the filet or the cod.I really enjoyed my brunch here the other day. Just reopened indoor dining , and was in the area to stop by for a mimosa and some brunch. Covid precautions top notch, felt very safe. The $40 bottomless brunch is a great deal with $40 all you can drink mimosas and bloody Mary's and 1 brunch item. We just decided to get the normal menu because we had time constraints for a date. I just ordered a Mimosa myself and an avocado toast with scrambled eggs and bacon which is a must addition. We also ordered chicken nachos for the table and my gf got some tacos which were packed. Overall cool spot and I will have to set out some more time to try the bottomless deal!Great place. Friendly bartenders. Food is really good. Have liked it the 2 times I have been here so far. Will definitely come backThis turned out to be one of my favorite brunch spots. I went for bottomless mimosas and they didn't disappoint. They tasted fresh, had a good ratio of champagne and orange juice and the waiter always made sure your glass was full. For food I went with their buttermilk pancakes that came with turkey sausage. Everything turned out good. My friend ended up getting French toast and they enjoyed their meal as well. I love the way their set up is outside for eating when the weather is good. I'll be back to check out their happy hour that looks good and most likely for brunch again. They only thing it was a little pricey for brunch with the bill coming around $100 between 2 of us but worth it being one of the better brunches in the cityMy fiancé and I are really rooting for this place, but if I had to sum my review up in a few words, it would be "not there yet."  I'll start with the cons because I want to end on a high note with the pros.
The cons: 
Service is shaky and unpredictable.  I will preface that I used to be a server and I a) hated it and b) was terrible at it, so I do feel empathy towards them, but you can tell that the restaurant is working through the growing pains of being a new establishment, and I hope they sort it out sooner rather than later, because I want them to make it!  I don't want to get too granular with regards to the service because I'm not here to rail on them, but we find that we're often either over-attended to (ie we're asked if we're ready to order two seconds after we've sat down, we can't get in a word edgewise with each other because of how often we're being checked in on, etc) or the flow of service is just generally not in a sequentially sensical order (ex: receiving a steak before the steak knife... that sort of thing).  My second biggest con for this place is that my fiancé and I were rooting so hard for this establishment that we actually wanted to have our going away party here, and it ended up being such a chore to get in touch with them that we gave up and booked another spot.  We called them on a Sunday and were told that a manager would call us when he/she got in at 4:00pm that day, then we called back at 8:00pm that night when we still hadn't heard anything and (perhaps we misinterpreted the tone), but it felt like we got a bit of an attitude from whoever we spoke to, telling us that she already had our request on file and would have the manager call whenever he/she came in (keep in mind we only followed up because earlier in the day we were told someone would call us around 4:00pm), and then we had to follow up again the next day.  I think in total we reached out four separate times, which felt like a lot given that we wanted to put down a $1,000 minimum on the tab so that our friends could drink and eat floating apps on us, and we also thought it would be really good exposure for the restaurant since a lot of our friends are big foodies and some are even food bloggers.  A manager did eventually call us and was extremely kind and professional, but at that point we just felt like our money was better spent elsewhere since it had been such a wobbly process from the start.
Now for the good part... the pros!
Service aside, the entire staff is extremely kind and welcoming in person.  The decor is really fun and the overall ambience is great.  The establishment is remarkably clean, and it's never too loud, which makes it a really great date spot.  It's also extremely convenient to the art museum area.  I know it doesn't feel convenient right now because everyone is driving/ride-sharing everywhere and trying to minimize their time outside, but it's an extremely easy walk from a lot of key attractions (the Philadelphia Art Museum, The Barnes, The Franklin Institute etc) and is obviously right off the parkway (where a lot of fun events are hosted in the warmer months).  Lastly (and most importantly), I think the food here is awesome.  I love how diverse their menu is, and I've never been disappointed by a dish.  We've also brought several friends and family to this place, and all of them had similarly positive opinions of the food.
All of that to say, don't sleep on this place.  Once it irons out some of the service issues and the weather gets warmer, I think it will be hugely successful.  Try it out now so that you can brag to your friends that you knew about it first.10/10 recommend. Would definitely come back to The Hadley for brunch when I'm back in town. It was $40 for the bottomless brunch, champagne and bloody mary's included. They do have additional flavor mimosas you can order for just $1. In addition to the ambience and drinks, the food was amazinggg. We ordered the breakfast burrito, French toast, and hangover sandwich, and all were great. They do usually have a DJ as well but unfortunately he was out of town when we came.We made a brunch reservation for 5. Our fifth member couldn't attend, and we were told there would be a $20 cancellation fee since they weren't showing up. There was also a 25 minute for our reservation due them being understaffed. I was very disappointed with the service.Short ribs were delicious, but service left much to be desired.  New bartender was just promoted from bar back; he has a great attitude, is quite personable, and is eager to learn and serve... he just needs a bit more experience and guidance.  However, there was little apparent coaching and guidance from the lead bartender and manager, who appeared disinterested in the business and their clientele; they interacted only with their phones while our group was present. Requests appeared to be a nuisance and distraction to them. The tab had a 4% surcharge added and no one could explain why so they blamed it on a new POS system; they removed it from the tab upon request.  That all being said, it's convenient for Park Town Place residents, but would not recommend as a destination restaurant.I was excited to try the Hadley because it is part of the apartment complex that I live in. I am underwhelmed. I just paid about $60 for a mediocre meal and 1 drink (no apps or desert). I ordered the miso cod because this is my favorite dish in many restaurants. There were so many things wrong with this dish.... let's begin with the fact that the waitress dropped the top of the tea kettle (from which she was pouring the miso soup onto the fish) on my plate. Then she literally just picked up the lid with her hands. For proper etiquette she should have removed the entire plate and returned it to the kitchen. I know I'm being a little OCD but I just don't appreciate someone's hands in my plate of food. 
Pouring miso soup onto the nori that decorated my fish is something I simply don't understand. Nori is not supposed to be soggy. If you pour soup on top of Nori it becomes an inedible soggy mess. Then there were 3 different temperatures in the dish: the fish was hot, the pickled vegetables were cold and the miso soup was lukewarm. Not a good combination. The fish was uber salty. Now I understand that different people like varying degrees of saltiness, but this was unbelievably salty. I ate most of the dish because I was starving, but this was not worth the money. At over $30, this dish should have been delicious. It was not.I've given this place 3 chances before writing this review. I've been for brunch, happy hour and dinner and nothing has changed. The service here is not great. Takes forever to get food, waiters are not attentative etc. The bottomless brunch is a joke, pure juice- no champagne and they charge extra for other flavors. The one time I went we only got 4 mimosas over the two hours. This place has so much potential and is in a great location to thrive. In the summer they had a DJ and that was nice, I wish they would continue that and improve the service. I probably wouldn't recommend as of now based on service alone.House salad is one of the best in Philly, if not the best. Love the drink selection as well. Definitely recommend if you are in the area !!!I was going to give this place 3 stars because of the beautiful atmosphere but after seeing the health score and violations no way!!! Service is not fine dinning at all however the server was at least charming. The food is mediocre and seems more like a diner restaurant, as to where the drinks are okay and very expensive. I do not see myself coming back at all.Love this place! Great food, and nice ambiance! Definitely recommend for a nice outdoor meal or drinks!Great outdoor seating to grab some cocktails and the food is on point. Def coming back for round 2 &3.I had the chicken parmigiana, the pasta was not editable. They care more about the presentation then actually making it taste good. The pasta had no sauce, dry is an understatement. The appetizers were suppose to be half off but still charged us full price. Service was incredibly slow.This place is the best hands down, service is not short of spectacular. Clean environment with an awesome staff. If you never been there, then you missing out on one of Philly's best in the food business? 
2 thumbs up!!Came here with a fellow elite and we had a great time. The staff was amazing and extremely personable. Great manager who made an attempt to engage with everyone there which is a nice touch. Food was great we ordered the mushroom and goat cheese flat bread, Brussels and the chef sent us complimentary edamame with spices. Over all a great experience. I'll be back for the beautiful outside seating.It would be extremely beneficial to have hours on the website that were actually adhered to!   Absolutely ridiculous to close an hour early when hours clearly state that the restaurant was open till 9pm.  Maybe a "one off"?   Nope!!  It is obviously common practice because this is the 5th time it's happened.  
Several diners still inside eating - wait staff hanging out at the bar!   
Highly recommend dining customers to not plan on a late evening meal at the Hadley!   We have enjoyed the menu items BUT WE ARE DONE MAKING DINNER PLANS at The Hadley!    Signs will be posted all over the area and definitely at PTP!This place is great. I was in philly on business and yelp recommended this place near my hotel. I was not disappointed we had a great meal and it was fun. Great staff and drinks. The short ribs were next level.Bottomless mimosas in a beautiful outdoor space? Dog friendly? Count me in. Oh and the brunch isn't bad either. They allow reservations which is unheard of really and are pretty flexible on time if you're running late. Just call! I don't know how my friend found this boozy brunch but I'm so glad she did.Absolutely love this bar. Service is so friendly and comfortable. Cocktails are also amazing, highly recommend the dirty martinis (and Prosecco)Absolutely fabulous food and service served by friendly staff in a classy, relaxed setting. It's the only thing our apartment building was missing especially when it's cold outside and you don't want to go far it's perfect. 
The staff is amazing- from the servers to the manager  Abby/James/Yasser to name a few. 
Each dish I have had so far is absolutely DIVINE. The flatbread mushroom, asparagus fries & Brussels sprouts. While waiting the chef sent us complimentary edamame which tasted amazing with the right amount of spice to it!
Prices are affordable! They have great happy hour specials! Overall they are doing a fantastic job and can't wait to see what other concoctions they come up with!!Stopped by the Hadley this past weekend to celebrate my girlfriends birthday in true Luxe Brunch fashion. So first off the decor is sooo retro chic and luxe. Unfortunately we were seated in a back area closer to the kitchen where the decor was severely lacking. I won't deduct points because we could've waited from better seating but chose not to. Now as for the menu, it's a short one page menu with the option to do unlimited mimosas. We opted to order our drinks and food a la carte. The hangover sandwich was AMAZING!! I wasn't hungover but I can imagine it would've really done the job. Also the truffle fries were perf! My friends got the French Toast and BLT and they had no complaints as well. For drinks I recommend the Midnight Magic. Overall I give this place a 8/10 and would recommend. Also excited to return in a warmer month because the outside seating looks soooo cute!This is such a beautiful restaurant! Dined here last Saturday. We were seated by I think the General manager as soon as we approached the host stand & were seated in one of the corner sections. I noticed that guests here can have a little bit of privacy due to layout of the tables which is great! The decor the ambiance and the presentation of the food were all well thought of. Tried out one of the best sellers which is the Short Ribs. It was tender juicy and very flavorful. We also hd the calamare as appetizers. Everything was such a treat! I wish I took pictures instead of posting them as stories but we will definitely go back again and try their other delish entrees!Highly recommend going to The Hadley! The restaurant is gorgeous, (Mad Men glamorous) I had a Malbec wine, the asparagus tempura, crab cakes and tuna tartare all were excellent.  The staff is super friendly and attentive!The drinks are good but the service is incredibly slow. It took me 2 hours to get my food, about an hour to get my drink, and we made reservations in advance. Parking is difficult (get there early!).This place is amazing!! I'm so happy about this restaurant being in this area. I went with my girlfriend, we had Brussels sprouts, calamari, short ribs, and cedar plank salmon and it was all delicious!! Service was great drinks were awesome and I already made my reservation for this weekend. Great job the Hadley team, welcome to Philly.So disappointed! We went to the opening and waited for service, then left because there was none, thinking we'd give the place another try later. I really wanted our meal to be a success. First: drinks. My friend asked for the drinks menu and got the bottled wine list. I ordered a glass of sparkling rose and got flat, with no indication that it was unavailable. In fact, there was no sparkling by the glass at all, except Prosecco, which was unacceptable. 
Then, the meal. My friend had the halibut and was happy. It had a nicely spiced tomato coulis and adequate vegetables. My husband had the black cod, and the deconstructed Caesar. Cod was mediocre, relatively tasteless and expensive. The dressing for the salad was very good.
What was so very disappointing was my meal. I ordered the foie gras, expecting a decent seared piece, cooked medium rare. Instead, I got an overcooked slice of liver, maybe 1/3 ounce, with an accompanying jam stuffed in a puff pastry shell the size of a ten ounce filet mignon! To accompany my foie gras, I ordered the fungi flatbread which was on the bill as pizza. It was filled with overcooked spinach, I had to search for the mushrooms.
When the host came over, he asked how our meal was. When I indicated it was just ok, he moved on to another table. Apparently, his job was to ask, not care.
This restaurant will probably survive on its bar business. To expect The Hadley will take its place among the very fine other restaurants in our town may be unrealistic. It has so far to go in food quality, service and presentation that I'm not hopeful. I know one thing, there are a lot of fine restaurants I'll return to before I go back to the Hadley.Great venue with great service. We held an engagement celebration at The Hadley this weekend and it was perfect. We were able to be outside on the beautiful patio and felt very comfortable with our ability to appropriately social distance but also spend time together in a lovely setting.
Yasir and his staff took amazing care of us.  They were attentive and professional.  Their efforts allowed the event to run smoothly and for us to just enjoy ourselves.
The food was excellent- both in variety and taste and they were very accommodating of dietary restrictions.
We will definitely return and highly recommend.Came to Philadelphia for the weekend with my family and The Hadley was recommended to us and I am so happy that it was !!!!!!! The beautiful decor, friendly and knowledgeable waitstaff and amazing  food made this for an wonderful dining experience !! The only downfall is that I don't live closer to come every week !!!!! Looking forward to my next trip to phili and The Hadley will definitely be in my list to do again !!!!!!This is probably one of the hidden gems in Philly. Its a beautiful architectural masterpiece. I was blown away by how dope the ambiance and atmosphere was. The staff was super friendly, the food was great but the presentation was even better. Highly recommend you give it a try.This restaurant of one of the best restaurants in Philly. Customer service is impeccable and very impressIng. It is hard to find great customer Service and other restaurants in Philly also by far this is been the best one. These guys deserve all the light and love the world has to offer. We got and braised short rib, the salmon and tuna sushi, the spicy tuna sushi, the flatbread pizza with gorgonzola and fig, and the rigatoni pasta. The experience here has been amazing so far and I hope that it continues to all of you who decide to come here, you will not regret your decision for sure!! Ambi and Jordon were our servers and loved them both very very much. So polite and poised. Loved Jordon because he was very sweet and had such a great attitude with the customers. And Ambi was justt so very very sweet and a professional witty attitude. Every time someone asked for something he ran into the kitchen to get it as fast as he could. He literally ran, and it made us feel so appreciated and cared for. 
Definitely cannot believe how great this place is and love all the staff. So impressed by Ambi, Jordon, and manager. He (the manager) was dancing down the hallway! So sweet and great to see that in the neighborhood hood. 
thank you guys for an amazing experience!!!
Definitely recommend!!!!!!I really enjoyed my experience here. Our waiter Vear was excellent. I love the location because we were able to walk to the Art Museum right after brunch. The restaurant is really cute and clean inside. The best part was their bottomless mimosa brunch special. We paid $50 and also received an entree choice along with it. I highly recommend this restaurant for brunch. They also practiced great social distancing.Stunning atmosphere incredible food and top notch hospitality!!! Highly recommend!! Will be dining here as often as I can!! Incredible new addition to the neighborhood!!I never write reviews, but this had to be said. The one star is just for the Aesthetics tbh. We came out to celebrate my friend's graduation, but the experience was less than a celebration. The service was horrible; Worst experience at a restaurant. We arrive at 7 pm and didn't leave until 9:50....10 mins before closing with no dinner. Our waiter was slow with putting in our orders and pretty much ignore us all night while he attended to other tables. We watched others get seated, order taken, ate, and left before us. We were only able to get appetizers and that's because we had to call him over to take our orders. We try to address the issue, but he was dismissive, very rude, and quite honestly felt like we were being racially discriminated against. Get better waiters!!!I'm not sure why the reviews are so bad when they were so good!! Went here for a small company dinner & it was nothing short of amazing. We were greeted right when we walked in. Seated and menu was given right away!
I ordered the scallop & tried a bite of everyone's food. The steak, THE CRAB CAKES(omg), halibut, salmon, beef tartar, and a few other dishes I forgot. Every dish was so good!! Cooked perfectly & well seasoned. Nothing was dry. Wish scallops were a big bigger but still good nonetheless. I'd skip on flatbread tho, nothing to rave about. ***sorry no food pics, bosses were there. Didn't want to flash everyone with my phone lol.
The servers were very attentive, A1 service! Thank you.
For drinks, I ordered Irish man? Forgot the name but it was good! Had Jameson, honey, ginger, something like that. Tried my coworker's Summer Vacation drink and the drink that has jalapeños in it. All were nicely crafted!
Did I mention how beauuuuutiful it is inside!? Dude.
DUDEEEEE. I love the design. Perfect for date night, girls night, any night. Can't wait until the outside patio is open, string lights outside is perf pics! Cute af.
Definitely recommend :)I took my mom here for dinner before a show at The Met.  The service was great.  The cocktails were good.  She had the crab stack & steak tartare.  I had the burger.  Everything came out on time.  We would both come back again.Terrible experience from the minute we booked our table. They had a time limit in place that we then couldn't meet because it took an hour to bring our food out so we were just stressed out to get the food and get out of there and couldn't really enjoy our time together. We had two people from our party cancel at the last minute, so we were told we would have to pay $20/ person for a no show fee, yet our table wasn't even set up for all 10 of us. They didn't end up charging us but it left a bad taste in our mouth for sure. Their brunch menu was extremely basic and bland and so was the food. The fact that it took an hour to prepare basic omelettes was odd. They even messed up some of our order and my meal was messy and rushed. The environment is NOT family friendly, and actually not friendly at all period.  We had one member of our party pressured to show proof of vaccination while others walked in without being asked for it. (We are all vaccinated) but It was just a mess and it felt like staff was not trained or informed of protocols. I would not want to go back (family or not) as it is super underwhelming, and not worth my time or money. Philadelphia has a lot of other better, exciting options, so go somewhere else!I was searching for a bottomless brunch spot while my friends were in town and the Hadley did not disappoint! From the moment we walked in, we were impressed by the amazing interior. Probably one of the nicest places I've ever been to for brunch. There was also outdoor seating available. 
We ended up each ordering a meal (hang over sandwich for my and my friend and bacon burrito for my other friend) and an eggs and bacon breakfast pizza to share. Everything was AMAZING! I typically am a chicken and waffles person for brunch, but I was so glad I chose to venture out. The sandwich was so amazing and filling. I was so full by the first half, but it was way too good to stop. 
When they say bottomless here, they truly mean bottomless. Our waitress was kind and really attentive. She knew what we were here for and more than delivered on the drinks.  I'm already looking forward to when I can come back!