I love this place. They have a great selection of beer that is ever changing as well as some great specials at happy hour and on Sundays (half price pork dishes). Their salads are great and so is anything else I've tried on the menu. I haven't been disappointed yet! Be warned, it's a small place so be prepared to wait on a weekend but it might be better now that they've added the upstairs.
Update: Try the Reuben, you will not regret it. Tastes delicious and homemade!I met my wife here, so this ranking pains me. But the menu is getting old. However, they also always have IPAs, which is rarity in Philadelphia, so for eating it gets a "Meh" but for beer it gets a "must visit."Came here to try the burgers. Not really impressed. It was average food, not bad, just average. Decent beer selection. Service was average. All around a good experience. They won't wow you, but they will satisfy you! I wouldn't mind if I came back some day.10 30 PM on a Thursday night, and this place was fairly packed. Most seats had bottoms. 
It was rather dark, as Allison B., said, but I had no problem seeing. 
I pleaded and pleaded with my friend so that we would stay until midnight for part of the appetizer menu that would become half-off, but no...his bedtime is early. 
From our friendly waiter, we each ordered beers ($4-$5) on tap, and they were decent! (for my wallet. Or rather, his wallet.)
We also ordered the plate of onions rings, which when it came, surprised us! There was a bed of fresh salad on the side - to offset the crispy-fried-batter-worthy-of-a heartburn.
Overall, it was yum, and to satisfy that happy hour little girl inside of me, I'm coming back.I live right around the corner from Sidecar, and my friend lives right down the block. One of our favorite things is to go in on a Sunday night and hang out with Adam the bartender. Nothing crazy, just a few beers and an order of fries with their amazing spicy mayo. For such a cozy, intimate spot, they have a killer beer selection.  I couldn't ask for a better corner bar. Other highly enjoyable items at Sidecar are the pulled pork and a small but well chosen dessert menu.4 stars very close to 5. My friend got this mushroom polenta vegetarian dish that I basically ate for her it was so delicious. They have a lot of happy hour/late night specials so it's an especially top-notch neighborhood bar. It even has some outdoor seating which is especially rare and nice in Philly. Love!100% found pubes/coarse hair in our fries today. So disgusting. Only giving two stars because I love the black bean burger too much to give less.We've been living in Philly for about five months now and a few places have emerged as neighborhood favorites and The Sidecar Bar & Grille tops the list. Mainly, we have been going for their fabulous Sunday brunch, but we have also visited once for dinner and it was equally enjoyable.
Recently, they have opened the second floor which is a comfortable, sun-filled room that is ideal for brunch. 
The one time we were there for dinner, I have a wonderful special of mussels and homemade sausage over cannellini beans. For brunch, I tend to gravitate to the Crabby Benny or the Huevos Rancheros. Whatever you do, get the bread basket. It changes weekly but has always been delicious whether it's the Chocolate Chip Pumpkin Bread or the Crumb Cake or whatever.
And the beer list is to die for. They always have a nice variety of styles from a wide-assortment of breweries, usually featuring local brews. When we were last there, we were thrilled to find they still had Stone Vertical Epic 11/11/11.
We were out of town one weekend recently and were totally having Sidecar brunch withdraw.Always a good time.  Great beers, and OK food.  
A little crowded sometimes, but overall worth the wait.First time visiting this establishment and overall, very good. I made a meal out of "lil sumthings on the sides"--biscuit, country gravy, eggs over easy, and cheese grits. Everything was really tasty and the portions more than satisfying. I got a Bloody Mary that wasn't spicy to my liking but ok if crafting for the masses. The wait staff was very polite and attentive even during the busy brunch. Overall, a good experience and while I don't live close enough to make frequenting convenient, definitely good to know this option exists.Went in the evening to try the bar instead of brunch. It was certainly... eventful.
- Long (understandable) wait for a table.
- Witnessed one fight outside, drama inside. The waiter/waitress handled it pretty well considering.
- Delicious Sidecars! The drunk who knocked mine over bought me another one.
- The burger with blue cheese and caramelized onions was hard to get my mouth around, but absolutely delicious.
- INCREDIBLY crowded for St. Patty's day weekend and apparently a slightly douchier crowd than normal, but oh well.
- Nice waiter.
- Very loud (yelling over volume) but catchy music.
- All in all, I had a pretty excellent time. I'll be back!We went here for happy hour! The wings were unique and delicious and the beer menu was very impressive. Great vibe and all around nice experience.Pretty limited selection of food and beer. Mostly burgers and pale ales -- I'm not a fan of them, but if you like them, then this place is for you. I got Gregorio's Al Pastor, which was pretty good, nothing too special. Small hipster place and very nice server.Stopped here recently on a visit in Philly.  The staff was very friendly and fun to interact with. The beer offerings were nicely spread out over different tastes. A bother tho concerning the wine, the beer was so reasonable but the ordinary wine was 9+ bucks a glass? Really? Even at happy hour??? Check your pricing please.  Happy hour is great.  Best part was the nachos with pork.  A fantastic plate of food, however they should warn diners of the very thinly sliced jalapeno pepper that can be found throughout, My friend was not happy at the surprise heat.  Overall good experience.Came by myself they were nice sat at the bar got a local brew. The food was great! The clam chowder is not what you expect it is fantastic! The hostess was really nice. Parking was a pain but the people and food overwhelmingly make up for it!!This is my favorite happy hour bar in philly. Seven somewhat random beers are half off. There are a few regular beers that come and go on the list, but there is enough variety for everyone.
The nachos, carnitas and pretzel bites are great apps at an affordable price. There is usually no wait and two bars to choose from.Liked the ambiance of this place as well as the beer selection. The hostess who sat us and the bartender who served us were very courteous, but the waitress who took care of us for the evening made us feel unnecessarily rushed.  
Appetizer: we got the seasonal flatbread. A little squishy, but flavorful 
Entree: I got the Mushroom Dip, I do love me some mushrooms and brioche, but by the end I found myself getting quite full and unabashedly picking out the mushrooms and eating them with my fork. No fault of the sandwich by any means, it was quite tasty. Fries and salad that came as sides were okay.I went to Sidecar Bar last week for the first time and really enjoyed the experience there. Interesting beers on tap, great ambiance, and a really thoughtful and well executed menu. It's amazing how so many places can screw up something so simple as a burger and fries. Sidecar definitely gets it right. It's refreshing to see places like this popping up in this section of the city. The cornbread was my favorite. We had a great soundtrack to our meal too.  I will definitely be back!I've been coming to Sidecar for years and realized I've never left a review. It's a great brunch spot and I could drink Sidecar mimosas all day (champagne and cider). 
They don't take reservations and there's always a wait for brunch; limited seating & a bar on both floors. Don't let that deter you- stick around and try the biscuits & gravy, pork Benedict, chicken fried chicken, or the kinky burger. These are my favs but you probably can't go wrong.
I will say I came recently for dinner and wasn't as thrilled about the menu options. There's a lot of seafood entrees, limiting the choices if you're not into that. Our whole table ended up ordering appetizers as entrees and yet the food was extremely slow to come out and wasn't served simultaneously. Oddly enough, the buffalo cauliflower that we intended to share as an actual appetizer was that last thing to hit the table. 
Moral of the story: solid brunch option. Have dinner elsewhere.I like this place more and more each time I go. Dare I say, I like it better than my neighborhood pub of Local 44?! Reason for that is food. I like the food options a bit more at Sidecar, and wish that Local changed up their menu just a tad bit more.
They have great specials every night too -- which local lacks in. Sunday nights are apparently pork Sundays -- so lots of pork specials, specials on their nachos with pulled pork and also the carnitas. Unfortunately I stopped eating pork so I did not get to enjoy the greatness
Last night I had some of their breaded wings in a dry ranch rub -- these were so good. The breading was really light and crispy, salted well enough --- great flavor. The flavor reminded me of the breading they have for the dry ranch rub at Federal Donuts
Last night I had the $11 Mushroom dip sandwich that comes with fries or salad, or a bit of both. I love that you can get a bit of both! The mushroom dip was really interesting -- truffled mushroom with gruyere cheese on brioche bread. Don't expect like slices of mushroom --as the description explains it is a " mushroom duxelle" -- which is minced mushrooms with shallots/butter into a mushy puree. I'm totally going to make this at home now.
I also had Pumpking.. which I was happy to know is still floating around! 
It's probably a good thing this isn't in my neighborhood. I'd come way too often.Huzzah!!!
I have had many a meal at Side Car, and tonight was spot on. 
Suffice to say, Side Car does its best work when you're dining in.
Crispy yellow curry wings were on special tonight, so we got those. There was a perfect balance of heat and curry flavor. I was impressed that they weren't overwhelming in any sense. Quite tasty. 
And the burgers are my go to here and despite some changes- I maintain that they are divine. You just can't go wrong. 
 They've gone from a ciabatta or snowflake bun to brioche which is a welcome change as far as I'm concerned. And from one party to two. 
I got half salad and half fries. So good! And get a side of truffle mayo to dip your fries. Life changing. 
Their pickles are bomb. I could probably eat a jar of them if given the opportunity.Having recently moved from the No Libs to SWCC, I have quickly set out to try the local Tavern/food joints. First stop The Side Car. After 5 visits, all different times....it has become an immediate favorite! GOOD beer selection... good food...nice waitstaff...outside seating is always a plus, though it does get crowded inside...Short rib sandwich and chili are my immediate favorites....nachos a little stale...brunch was fun and creative...drank some purple beer mix, and liked it...they are trying to expand with some resistance from some neighbors...hope it goes well for them....the side car has the ability to be for GHo what the Tap is for Northern Liberties corner stone!!!The following account took place two Sundays ago. Brunch O'Clock had already passed, and my gf and I were in the Graduate Hospital area- generally undiscovered territory for us as far as dining goes. Sidecar was literally one block away from our friend's apt, so we decided it was as good a shot as anywhere else.
Even though the crowd is starting to spill out into the sidewalks, we were able to sit immediately at the bar. The wait staff was friendly and helpful, and were good at keeping our coffees refilled throughout. (The coffee, btw, is EXCELLENT)
The food took a while to reach us (it was more the Linner than Brunch at that point), but they more than made up for it with an apology and free drinks. It was too early for me to take advantage of this offer, but I could already tell this place was worth revisiting because of the unique selection of beers on tap and in the fridge.
I got the Huevos Rancheros (aka the best food for a hangover, ever), and can report that i ate every last scrap off my plate. Satisfying to the last bite. So much that i wish I had some in front of me this instant.I'm always on the hunt for good brunch spots and I've been wanting to try this place for awhile. Sidecar did not disappoint - it's not amazing but it's good and the price is right. Weather was nice on Saturday so we were able to sit outside, which was another plus. Homefries were very good and the smoked eggs benedict is something I would definitely order again. Also, the side of bacon was VERY generous which I respect after being given literally 3 slices of bacon at some other brunch places (seriously, wtf?) I'm excited to try the rest of the items on the menu.The food is good, but the music is pretty iffy. I've gone in to the hipster haunt expecting some really good jams, but it's often cruddy hip hop. The food is pretty good but a little overpriced unless you get it on special. Brunch is really top notch on the sidewalk.This is my first time back to side car after a few months and I must say the service has improved 10000 percent.  I used to come here often because I live only a few blocks away, the food has always been very good but the service was just ok. I had dinner here tonight and from the moment I walked in the door I could feel a difference.  I was greeted by a friendly young man who took us to our seat and shortly after was greeted by our server who was oh so attentive and helpful. Whatever has changed keep up the good work loyal patrons notice.If I could give 6 stars I would! I went to brunch with 3 other people and on a busy Saturday and had a great time! This place was packed so go early or later in the day or just prepare to wait. The service was good given that our server had an entire floor but we weren't in a rush at all. For drinks I had the bitter boy which is good if you are a gin drinker and they do not under pour; you'll get your money's worth. I also had the purple haze and cranberry drink, highly recommended! For food we all enjoyed our meals! I had the hazelnut salad; I would get it again and the cheesy grits, so good! My friends got the pulled pork and crabby Benedict and loved it. I would try the crab next. Also the biscuits are really good! Totally worth going and worth the wait if you have to!The smoked salmon benedict was an explosion of yumminess in my mouth. I loved my bloody mary. Great brunch spot, not sure about dinner/bar experience as I have not been. Will definitely go back!Might as well start my reviewing career off on a high note and review an establishment that I am most familiar with. It's in my hood, so why not. 
First off, I've probably ate here close to 50 times and each time it's been a mirror image of the time before. Consistency is major part of running a successful restaurant and they have it down to a science. The other thing they have down to a science is the ever-changing beer selection. Words may not do the beer selection justice, if your nervous, just ask, they'll help you figure out which one you'll like. It's just a beer list, relax. 
Appetizers are always the perfect start to a great meal and Sidecar knows what's up. The pretzel-crusted chicken fingers are an aged version of what you were used to as a kid, the accompanying honey mustard is a great compliment to the tender little fingers. The mussels in BACON broth is ridiculously good, they serve a spoon on the side of the bowl for a reason-might as well be a straw too. The "appetizer formally known as" is a little messy but full of flavor, loaded with god-knows-what and a whole bunch of crab meat on top of a plate of fries. They used to have mac and cheese fritters aka mac and cheese balls, deep-fried goodness with a side of crab compote, it was replaced by some sort of carbonara that I haven't tried yet; still disappointed they got rid of the former. The wings are almost perfect, too. 
The mains range from a vegetarian black bean burger to a bbq pulled pork dish served on jalapeño cornbread. The latter is a perfectly slow cooked pork shoulder, slathered in a carolina style bbq sauce, served on a piece of moist jalapeño corn bread and next to a fresh bowl of slaw. Pulled pork is one of my favorite dishes on the planet and I didn't think anyone did it like my mom, well, they do and maybe better. Sorry Mom. The black bean burger is very simple, but filled with flavor. The spicy mayo and the fresh salsa are proper additions that any vegetarian will appreciate. 
This is obviously a terse write up of a place that is deserving of a headline. The burger is awesome. The fish sandwich needs a better name to go with the flavor. Any dish either comes with fries or a salad or "a little of both". The specials are a kaleidoscope of fresh and unique dishes that give the Sidecar a reason to keep an eye on. 
In addition to great dinner, they also have a bangin' saturday and sunday brunch. From biscuits and gravy to build-your-own omelets and a bloody mary that will make the night before just a tad more tolerable. 
I didn't mention anything bad about service, don't worry about that, it's great. 
Try it. You'll thank me.I was just wandering around and then BAM! my boyfriend and I stumble into this place.  It was heaven sent because the beer list was good but the food menu was great.  I can't wait to plan a visit there next time for brunch and get the Kermit's bread pudding french toast.RJ told me he had an awesome place to take me, and he was right.  This place is small and cute, and the menu has a little of everything.  We ordered pretzel coated chicken bites, RJ ordered the carnitas, and I had the shrimp po boy.  His carnitas were spicy and tangy and tender, and the tortillas tasted just made. The shrimp on my po boy were big and juicy, and the sandwich was spicy and sweet with crisp cucumbers and veggies.  So good, what a fun little place!We went here on Black Friday because they were doing a a special Blackout Brunch event featuring dark beers. The brunch menu was special, featuring "thanksgiving leftovers" themed items. I got The crispy mashed potatoes and country ham eggs benedict and my friend got a build your own omelet( he added Gruyere and house made turkey sausage). The eggs Benedict was great and the crispy lil mashed potato Pattys were so yummy. The cheese in the omelette was not melted at all but the house made turkey sausage was very good. They had an excellent selection of dark craft beers for the event, and they do have a flight option. Our waitress was super friendly, and I really liked the atmosphere. Street parking wasn't an issue (maybe because most ppl are out shopping). I would love to return to try thier regular menu.Overall solid experience for brunch, no wait and sat at the bar. Nice array of options to order. Ordered the apple crepes and pulled pork eggs benedict, both good but the pulled pork needed to be more balanced with the amount of bread in the dish.What can I say, love the beer, especially the dark ones there. Awesome bar food. Only problem is that getting a table sometimes is an issue.
Great spot I recommend checking it out.I guess first impressions are not all what they seem. Due to the convenience of me living like two blocks away from here, I have frequented sidecar quite a few times since my last visit.
Every single time has been for the Happy Hour (because who doesn't love 4 dollar cocktails and 7 dollar food specials) and there always happens to be seating during that time. The cocktails are not super sweet or watered down, they are all just refreshing and yummy, the way a cocktail should be. One of the pros is it's not like a lot of other places that make you have to stand at the bar for happy hour. You can sit outside, take your time- it's all encouraged. Plus the food, when you order it, comes out relatively quickly and is always good quality- not super greasy or anything either. However, same as my review last time- the regular menu can get pricey so just beware.
Definitely check it out for happy hour, though. 
Sidenote, try a pickleback if you've never had one.Luckily, the food was good. Service was terrible and we waited an hour for our meal. They even made my very pregnant sister get out of her seat and stand because our whole party had yet to arrive.  Never going back.Great happy hour! Cheap beer with a good selection! The food is also amazing, although I wish there was more variety on the happy hour menu. I was pleased that happy hour recently started including cocktails which makes it even better for me! The Nachos and carnitas are great...wish that the pretzel chicken bites were as awesome.i'm starting to wonder if i base my reviews primarily on how i'm treated at an establishment.  there was a time in my life when only the food or drink mattered.  mind you, it still matters. but, boy, when you treat a lady nice....well.....you get a kick-ass review on Yelp.  am i right, ladies?!
ok, so i'll dig deeper into my distinguished old-lady reaction and give you more reasons why i like this place:
- they have arguably the best pulled pork sandwich in town.  i mean, my roommate was having a bad day, and i suggested that we go to Sidecar for dinner.  i don't know if i've ever seen her eyes light up the way they did as she was undoubtedly devouring this sandwich in her mind.  
- very saucy and reasonably priced Reuben sandwich.  i like my reubens with both, thank you (Jones, take note)
- eclectic clientele.  while some customers may get on my nerves more than others (screeching ladies), i appreciate the diversity.  i believe even my brother, who hails from the outskirts of Beverly Hills and was scared for his life when he set foot in my West Philly neighborhood, appreciated this.  the for-real cowboy, whom i see every time...day or night...is the icing on the diversity cake.
- an incredible New Orleans style brunch.  i can't remember the name of my dish, but it had poached eggs atop shrimp and sausage swimming in cheesy grits.  i call it poachy, shrimpy, gritty stew.
and finally...
- good beer, good specials, GREAT STAFF.
(can i give them 8 stars, Yelp?  no? why not?! oh, because 5 is the limit?  i don't understand this. in my day, we could give how ever many stars we wanted....i remember as a girl on the farm.....)Bloody Mary- check plus 
Mimosas-check plus 
Egg Toasties- check minus ( where is the cheese and substance?) 
Cheesy Grits- check (i.e, grits with a dash o' cheese, but with s&p OK) 
Home Fries- check plus 
Cool brunch spot in GH- check plus 
Service- check plus ( awesome bar tender, who makes great drinks) 
( 3.5, maybe up to 4 when we go back to try more menu items. The steak and eggs looked really good, but we were on the tapas tour at the time).The food was good. Service was horrible. Kept having to ask for refills, which was difficult because nobody ever came to our table to check on how we were doing or how the food was.I visited Sidecar with Dining Partner for Brunch on a Saturday. We were able to score an outside table around 10am. I decided to break away from my usual chicken and waffles/sausage gravy biscuit brunch and try out the meat quiche. It was really light, fluffy, and flavorful and the crust was crispy and buttery. The quiche was accompanied by a salad with just the right amount of dressing. Dining partner ordered the chicken fried chicken and boy was he disappointed. The gravy on the chicken had zero flavor, I know because I snuck a few bites for myself. Our service was good and we'd like to come back to try the pretzel chicken tenders that everyone raves about, but we'll be skipping the chicken fried chicken.Good drinks and cool staff.  The food is good and made with care.  The nachos have REAL cheese and spicy meat.  Happy hour is dirt cheap, and the food specials are excellent.  They also have a late night happy hour that I can't wait to try.
Brunch is delicious.  We had huevos rancheros and steak and eggs.  Fresh ingredients and friendly service, good bloody marys and mimosas.Great place! Nice outdoor seating and good service. Their pulled pork nachos are my favorite. I like the 7 dollar before 7 pm deal on the nachos, portion is large. Food and drinks are great and many costumers including me bring their dogs for outdoor eating.
Edit: 8/19/2015
They significantly decreased the portion. A least the waiter was honest about it. Initially the portion was huge, but now it is extremely small. In my view not worth it anymore. They took a few of my favorite dishes off the menu, like the mussels and fries with crab meat.Always have great beers on tap, and the food is always great. The kitchen is also open late, but watch out because after a certain time, they only offer a limited menu so if you want to try to sample the real menu make sure you get there before 10.
They also have specials during the week, and pork me sundays, which sounds great, but which I've never managed to make it to.
The nachos used to be spectacular, and are now passable, but the pulled pork and reuben sandwiches, as well as the burger, are always solid choices. And what do they put in that salad dressing? it is delicious!
Even if there was more choice in the area, this place would still stand out.Good burgers and fries. Decent wings. Nothing unusual here.
Good selection of craft drafts though.
Neighborhood bar atmosphere, a little loud but tolerable.
Sports TV showing.Loved the food. While I couldn't drink at the time I really liked the atmosphere and would and loved one and I'm sure it would have been delicious. The view out the window upstairs is a nice touch. I'd love to go again.Our visit in 2016 was more enjoyable. The beer selections were great and the nachos were too. 2017 brought us a very opposite experience with limited beer selections and a flat bread pizza that was devoid of all flavor.  Consistency is key in this business. We didnt find that. On to try another place on our next visit :/I just moved into the area and heard so much about Sidecar that I decided to give it a try. Why not, it's really close by! We had nachos, mussels and calamari. The calamari came with this sauce that tasted a little bit of bbq with tomato sauce, unusual but very good. The mussels were great and unique with tomatoes and salami. I thought the decor was quaint and welcoming and can definitely picture myself going back and bringing friends along. They had a great selection of beer, not just your typical miller lite/coors/bud. yuck. I think it would be great if they expanded.  Will need to go back for brunch!12 dollar breakfast???
Sidecar is a a fine example of this neighborhood's gentrification.  Such a pityNow that Good Food Eatery is gone. This has regained its position as the best burger place in the city. The meat is juicy and perfectly cook, the poached egg completes this amazing burger. Also great beer selection for a good price.sidecar, what happened to you? you used to be beautiful, small, and filled with great music, awesome beers, and wonderful food. 
now you're bigger. meaner. and threatening to bring quizzo and things to my neighborhood watering hole. 
i've tried to sit and been shoo-ed away like i don't have money. invest in "reserved" signs. i've waited forever to get a refill. this used to not be the case.
to move from 5 stars to 2 is devastating, but since the business has changed, so should its review. it makes me SO sad.Pork Me.
Sundays, that is. Sundays, all day, half-off pork items on their menu. Pork nachos, carnitas, and apparently their carolinabbq  pulled pork (though, as a former Carolina resident, I'm hesitant to try that last one) are all half price, and that is a hell of a deal. I've only been to the bar area, but at different times. Happy hour, dinner, and late night, and I've yet to be disappointed by anything inside. The happy hour deal isn't incredible (A dollar off drafts and well drinks) but Tuesdays are $4 domestic drafts (yay!) and.... well I've already spoken about the pork.
As far as atmosphere, I prefer it for a late night trip or perhaps a date night, it's a little dark and sometimes gloomy for happy hour (unless you're dining outside). But when midnight rolls around and I'm already a few beers deep, few things make me happier than a trip to Sidecar for a heaping plate of pork nachos for $6. 
I mentioned this in a "tip" but, late at night, they're very strict about their ID policy. I always keep my license on me, so it's never been a personal problem, but a buddy of mine attempted to go in and he'd just recently lost his ID. He'd been in Sidecar a number of times, and also is well into his 30s (and certainly looks his age), but was turned away at the door. So keep that in mind.
Sometimes the bartenders seem a little snobby to folks who don't really know beer (you will be judged for ordering a Bud Light), but hopefully they keep their idle conversation about patrons in their basement (where they are always emerging from, it's under the bar, so it's a very hilarious sight seeing them rise and fall below the bar, like an Austin Powers skit). It's close to home though, so I always end up leaving with a full belly and a boozy bliss.I came for brunch because it's by my house and I saw it featured on the Food Network. There are about 20 tables and we didn't have to wait on a Saturday afternoon. Brunch menu was fairly limited compared to other places known for brunch (Sabrina's, Green Eggs, etc) but keep in mind it's a bar/grille. I had the chicken fried chicken, lightly breaded breast which was delicious. My friend had the potato and bacon egg burrito which was pretty big and fully stuffed. The portions were generous. The prices seemed fair in my opinion, but I've heard others say it's a bit more expensive than other places plus you have to add $1 for toast. All in all, I would return.This spot is one of my fav local spots in south philly 
Great tacos and happy hour options 
Also feel in love with the vegetarian dish hummus cucumbers and salsa 
Must try itI've been to Sidecar more than enough times for brunch and it never gets old. The brunch menu is classy with modern twist. The variety Sidecar has to offer is great - there is so much to choose from!I can say this might be one of my favorite finds in Philly! This place is a craft beer's heaven. 
My friend took me here on a whim after work. I was pleasantly surprised with the craft beer selection. 1) they have a great craft beer selection. 2) they show you the beers they have this week and what drafts they'll have next. Keeps you wanting to come back to get your favorite brew. The waitress we had was super helpful explaining to us the type of beers to us non-beer nerds.
A great staff member can make or break the experience. The girl we had went above and beyond to make sure we were satisfied. 
Half the menu was burgers so I had to go with one. The waitress recommended the Super Mario burger and it did not disappoint. They also had awesome aioli sides: basil, chipotle mayo, dill garlic. All were GREAT! And worth getting a variety to dip your fries in or put on your burger. 
Also found out they do High Grav nights where they feature a bunch of rare high gravity beers. It's once a month. Overall - love this place. Perfect for a meal with friends, brunch, happy hour or any occasion.
Also they're outside seating is great on a nice day.1. Get yourself seated 
2. Order a bloody Mary with house vodka 
3. Don't even look at the menu
4. Order the black bean breakfast burrito 
     - It's huge. I oftentimes split this meal and it is the perfect amount. 
5. Order a side of biscuits (buttery fluffy biscuits) and a side of fruit if you're feeling extra splurge worthy. 
6. Sign a breath of relief in knowing that you just ordered the most amazing meal on the planet.The only thing better than the beer and nachos was Renata. Best waitress ever, request her...very funny!Great brunch and beer selection! Outdoor seating available on nice days and the second floor bar adds another option when the downstairs bar is full.Food is decent, service is weirdly inconsistent (i had a full glass of water the whole time but waited 10+ minutes before someone took my drink order), but the kicker was that half the party wanted to pay with Discover and they don't accept it. What's the deal? We want to give you our business. Please take our money.This afternoon was sunny, yet blustery day in the city and  I trekked to The Sidecar Bar & Grille, with my girlfriend and another couple, to continue my beer adventure.  The corner bar located at 22nd & Christian St. was busy and we were lucky to grab a table.  The bar offers indoor and outdoor seating as well as a long straight bar that runs the length of the building.  The brunch menu choices were an assortment of eggs to sandwiches, all with their own variations.  OK, enough about the food and on to the reason I was there, the beer.  The Sidecar has 8 taps and a fair to decent bottle list.  This weekend they were offering a promotion that they titled IPA's Greatest Hits.  It was a three day focus on IPAs, offering a full selection of 8 different IPAs on draft each day.  I sampled three different selections; Stone Sublimely Self-Righteous Ale, Founder's Double Trouble, and Russian River's Pliny the Elder.  Of the three I enjoyed the Stone selection the best.  It's flavor and bitterness seemed almost flawless with a very smooth finish that had me wanting more.  Given that we sat at a table, and not at the bar, our wait time for beer and food was a bit long.  I understand they were busy and personally didn't mind since we were there to spend some time with friends.  The environment was fun and upbeat.  As far as being a bar & grille it is a very good one, although I wouldn't classify The Sidecar as a beer bar.  As I previously mentioned they only had 8 taps (albeit all micros) and a fair to decent bottle list.  I look forward to returning to The Sidecar to experience the bar during the evening hours.With one dollar Pabst's on draft how could they go wrong?  This was the perfect place to celebrate drinking legally (my 21st).  The dim lighting and chill music creates a relaxing atmosphere.  The bartender was really nice and the service was impeccable.  The staff even pushed tables together for our larger party.  I also thoroughly enjoyed a strawberry mint martini on the house. Yay birthdays! And yay for the sidecar!Love that this place is in graduate hospital!  Good bar food..... I got the mushroom sandwich and it was delicious, for all the mushrooms lovers out there!I like this place.  Good (though not spectacular) food, good beers, good atmosphere.  They do a nice weekend brunch, too.Stop in for a burger, what a nice place, the food my burger was out standing the waiter was friendly!
I am looking forward to my next burger their 
Check out Side Car great ride!I've lived near a lot of different bars in my time, but I have to say Sidecar is, so far, the best neighborhood bar I've ever had. 
With an excellent beer selection, including plenty of local and seasonal options, it's a perfect alternative to some other nearby bars that only offer the standard fare. 
You'll often wait for brunch, but it's well worth it, and they make a damn good bloody mary (this is usually the benchmark against which I measure most brunch locations, although I give a pass to those that don't have a liquor license).
Aside from brunch, I've had their hushpuppies and burger several times, and they're always delicious. I will say that the overall burger could be a little less greasy--the bun has a brioche quality, which to me, is usually a little over the top. Unfortunately, I've heard the hushpuppies are no more, which is a tragedy since they were so outstanding. I heard that some of their hipster clientele told them that hushpuppies were 'so over', but that's only hearsay, mere conjecture. 
Though a great neighborhood bar, even if you're not from G-Ho, it might be worth the trek to check this place out. It's the perfect place to sit outside on a temperate weeknight, enjoy some local brew, and do some high quality G-Ho people watching.We went to Sidecar for brunch and really enjoyed our meal. They have a great beer menu, my fiance found one that he said he couldn't find any where else and ordered two with breakfast! The only bad is that they are always packed and there's really no where for people to stand and wait. People would be waiting for their tables and literally leaning against our table. So if you can deal with a busy and packed atmosphere its worth it!I loved this place and I can't wait to go back. Amazing food selection and one of the BEST BLOODY MARY I have tried in Philly!! Try the bloody...you won't be disappointed. I ordered mine with Absolute Peppar for an extra spicy kick. 
On a Sunday afternoon it was very crowded but no problem we just ordered a bloody at the bar and enjoyed our drink until our table was ready. 
The bartenders were so nice to talk to. I forget their names but they were a great team and made sure that everyone was happy at the bar with drinks. You can even order food there but we ended up getting a table since there were 4 of us in our group and we wanted to have more space to talk more. 
Ricky was our server and he was amazing. He helped guide us by pointing out the popular selections of the menu and if we had a question about what is better (Chorizo Burito vs. Meat Quiche...) & he didn't steer us in the wrong direction. Thanks, dude! :) 
Food you MUST try: 
Black Bean Burrito 
Lox Benedict 
Ruben Sandwich (my friend gave me a bite and I'm going back for one of my own! ) 
Cheese Grits (I don't even like grits usually but these were delish!)What an awesome spot! Fantastic bloody Mary's and even better eggs benny! We were here on a Sunday for brunch and it was top notch and reasonably priced! Apparently they only do brunch on weekends though. Highly recommended for a chilled atmosphere with really good food!So....
If it weren't for my cool ass friend L, I would have never found this place.  But on a night in town, she suggested we meet here - and damn, if it wasn't the perfect spot.
Good craft beers, plenty of space upstairs in the lower bar is packed (though admittedly the vibe downstairs is better), and food that just hits it right.
warning, order the burger with the fried poached egg on top.  it's worth it.  BUT when you see how huge it is, and wonder how that is going to fit inside your not-small mouth, resist the urge to press down on the thing.  Or at least prepare to spooge egg yolk on your dinner date.Great neighborhood bar for the patrons of Southwest Center City.Great neighborhood find! Sweet intimate ambiance on two floors. Seriously the Ruben sand which I had rivaled any- it was oh, so tasty!! Great beer options!Normally I don't complain about things, this Sunday I had a brunch at sidecar and was cool, started with bayleys shot and tried to move to the table and the bar tender was a snob, didn't like it, she could have done an effort to at least wait for the payment.
Then the breakfast, I asked for Florentine eggs over crab cakes and it was delicious except for the potatoes that were over cooked, the servers were nice so I recommend the place.My favorite burger joint in all of Philly. I've taken several friends from out of town here under the category of "we must go here before you leave" and no one has ever left disappointed. I even took my family here once for brunch, and everything was a big hit then too. Create-your-own burgers (the specialty ones are great too), solid fries, an outstanding craft beer menu that's always changing, friendly and attentive waitstaff, and on and on. 
What else can I say? I feel so lucky to live so close to such an awesome restaurant.Saw this place on the 3D's show. Haven't made it from brunch yet but had a girls night with my favorite foodies and everyone was quite pleased! Def a little difficult to get a table but I like it! Kool place, nice vibe and good food! Mayb I'll sit up on the second level next time, It loOked pretty KoOl!Gnocchi clam chowder?   Puh-Puh-Puh-Please!  What an incredible dish!  DO NOT come here without ordering this dish.  It is clammy so be prepared.  
Mac and cheese Carbonara - out of this world delicious and the burgers are top notch as well.  Combined with great beer, cool, hip atmosphere and friendly service - this place is a real winner and we will be back for more!Pro's:  Great beer selection and delicious food.  I recommend the apple salad, french fries, pizza, and veggie burger.  The service is generally very good even when they are crazy busy.  
Con's:  The restaurant is very small.  The spring and summer are the best times to come here because they have outdoor seating.  Also, while the food is absolutely delicious the portions are pretty small.I want to like this place. I really do. It's close to my house, I saw it on the Food Network, and the Yelp reviews are good. But I just don't see what makes this place special. Their brunch and dinner menus are smaller than more "popular" places, like Green Eggs and Sabrina's so it was a bit disappointing. The food was good, but nothing about it makes it stand out. The Sidecar burger was pretty boring (they offer a bunch of toppings, but the patty itself could've been better). Their beer menu was the only thing that I really liked. It had lots of crafts, but I wouldn't come here just to grab beers with friends (the vibe is more of a "sit and eat" place than a "stand and drink" place).Hands down the best brunch spot around.  The only down side is that it can get pretty packed in there on Saturday and Sunday mornings.   Other than that I have no complaints.  I'm used to eating at some real down and dirty diners so coming from my perspective it's a little bit pricey but the food is so damn good that I don't care.   
They had house made scrapple when I was there a few weeks ago and holy shit it was amazing.  I've never seen scrapple like it in my life and I've been to scrapplefest so I've seen a good deal of scrapple  in my day.Great place to go w/ a group, as they have a little of everything (w/ good quality ingredients) and the drinks/liquor selection is pretty good. I had some excellent carnitas here, but the Reuben was just absolutely fantastic (fall-off the bone soft corned beef + great accompanying ingredients). The mezcal + pickle juice pairing is also really uniquely delicious - smokey flavor, sounds weird but the pickle juice really went well with it. 
Overall, a total go-to when I'm thinking about where to go around for eat/drinking in the Grad Hospital area.