The cookies were sooooooooo warm and gooey, just the way I like them. We got one upon arrival in Philly and then made sure to get a few to go upon departure!Stopped by for cookies when I was in Reading Terminal, my friend / tour guide said this is a "must have" in Philly.
There was no line per say, but the counter was crowded with people calling out their orders.
I wanted the black and white cookie, but they were not "set" so I went with white chocolate chip macadamia nut and snickerdodles.  The cookies were good, the chocolate chip macadamia nuts might have been a little too cooked for my tastes.  They had a brown hard crust around the edges, but perhaps that's just how they bake them.  Regardless, the cookies taste divine! I managed to refrain from eating a few of them long enough to get them home to my little sister, and she had no trouble putting them away either.
If you're in Reading Terminal, grab one!This has become a must-stop to grab a snack while I wander around Reading Terminal. They bake the cookies fresh constantly during the day (but if you come near close, they start running out, so better to go earlier on), and the chocolate chip cookies are delicious. They're a bit on the heavier side for sure, but it doesn't get better than a hot, gooey mess of chocolate and cookie than this. I scarf these down quickly and always make a mess of myself, but I can't help it - these are so good! Their sugar and snickerdoodle cookies are also good, but my allegiance belongs to chocolate chip cookies, and they do these excellently here. Each cookie will set you back about $2 (although they weigh it to be exact), but it's more than worth it.After DiNics, my buddy decided to get some cookies.  These things are HUGE.  They were just under $4.00 for 2 of them.  We got the original chocolate chip.  They were great!  The chocolate chips were still warm and gooey, the cookie had a slight crunch to it when you bit in and then a soft center.  Next time I go I am going to get a scoop of ice cream at Bassets and then make my own cookie sandwich......talk about heaven!The white chocolate macadamia nut read AMAZING! I admit, I love this flavor but theirs were awesome!"Cookies! Get your cookies," the lady behind the counter repeatedly announced to the crowd of people walking by. And craving something sweet after lunch, who was I to argue?
Located right inside the corner entrance of the Reading Terminal Market on 12th St, The Famous 4th Street Cookie Company is hard to miss, either by sight, sound or smell. All the cookies, including the freshly chocolate dipped ones, are clearly on display to tempt every person who dares to get close.
Fortunately, they taste as great as they look, as I thoroughly enjoyed a chocolate chip macadamia nut cookie while walking back to my car. Yum!The cookies at this place were the first thing I noticed when I entered the reading terminal market and they are right by the entrance. They looked and smelled good And oh boy do they taste good. We bought milk chocolate chip cookies. Chocolate dipped cookies and the sugar cookies. None have disappointed. So delicious.These cookies are delicious, but pretty expensive.  I loved the chocolate chip pecan ones.  They're sold by the pound, but you can still buy just one at a time.DELICIOUS!!! Visited reading terminal for lunch and ended with 4th street cookies that did not disappoint. We had a chocolate chip cookie, a snickerdoodle, and an oatmeal raisin cookie. I WISH I HAD GOTTEN MORE! Every cookie was gooey, fresh, and soft! 
If you are around the area and have a chance to try these cookies get each kind they have!We had white chocolate macadamia and chocolate walnut. Pretty good but nothing spectacular. The milk chocolate one was a little crunchy.I dream about their black and white cookie, since I had it a couple weeks ago. It was my first time there and it won't be my last. Even though the cookies are $3 each it was worth it and I can't wait to try the other flavors.it was the sweet smell of sugar, chocolate goodness that showed me the route to the counter and yummers! rewarded after the train ride in!Damn these cookies are amazing. Bought some chocolate chip and peanut butter cookies that were out of this world. Also, I bought them around 10am and transported them back to Tampa, Fl and they were just as delicious.The smell was soooo inviting. We felt as thought we were hypnotized into purchasing some goodies. I had the chocolate chip and walnut cookie and it did not disappoint. I can't say it was the best, but definitely up there.It's a shame- Up until this past weekend, I was a huge fan of this place- I couldn't walk by without getting a delicious warm cookie or cookies as it's always hard to chose which one I wanted. Unfortunately, this weekend as I waited in line anxiously  to be served- the rude, ignorant woman working the counter gave me reason to walk away. Yes, it was a busy Saturday in at the terminal, packed with tourists making their rounds but that's no excuse.  The woman asked if she could help someone- we called out, yes as we were clearly waiting there the longest and instead of giving us a smile and asking what we would like- she walked away to the other side, losing eye contact with us as if she was going to help someone else- so when we said something again she rudely goes " yeah, I'm listening"- without even looking at us- and it wasn't as if she was multi tasking putting cookies on the rack or grabbing something- she was just standing there plain rude. So I had no choice but to walk away. My business was better served at Flying Monkey were I got a delicious toffee almond bar in instead. It takes a lot for me to muster up a bad review on here but one thing I can't torerate is bad customer service. Suck it up and let me know you want my business!i hate to give less than three stars, but...i take cookies *really* seriously. and if you are obsessed with cookies, and looking not to be led astray, it is important for you to know that the famous 4th street deli isn't necessarily the best option in the city. above them, i would (easily) rank the following establishments. in no particular order:
- whole foods bakery
-chocolate chip cookies from cosi
- the lady in reading terminal market who makes apricot almond cookies (by the wine store, to the left of the public tables)
the famous 4th street deli cookies are  thick and heavy, almost sludgy. and they are tooo expensive. too much talk, not enough walk.Hands down the best deli in the city of Philadelphia. It expensive but well worth the prices. The corned beef is unbelievableI had the chocolate chip pecan and that one cookie was worth the $2. Soft, moist and delicious.Maybe I'm just a cookie snob (I have eaten more than my fair share of cookies over the years), but I just can't bring myself to give this place 4 or 5 star raving reviews like the majority of the other yelpers here.  We bought the chocolate chip, chocolate macadamia nut, butter almond, and the snickerdoodle.  The texture of the cookies were good and nice and chewy inside, but the flavor didn't blow my mind like I thought they might.  I do have to say that I like how they sell the cookies by weight and they are generous with the nuts and chocolate chips.  Solid cookies, but nothing spectacular, in my opinion.  I do have to say that even for a chocolate lover like myself, I was surprised that my favorite here was the snickerdoodle.  Loved the sugar crystals that topped it.  If I just had that one, I might give this place 4 stars!It would be more appropriate to call this place the "Mediocre 4th Street Cookie Co."  Enough said.Walked past the cookies today.  Note to the Owner: There is a sign hung up for customers to read. It say, as was written, "No Tiping Please".  The woman who work there kind of gruff, so I didn't mention it.  It's a personal peeve to see misspelled signage on businesses.  Cookies are good, but really expensive.HAVE AGAIN: I bought three cookies: choc chip, 3 chocolates, and one more. Unique cookies, unlike any I've had before. All were heavy, tasty and I'd go back when in Philly.I've had better, but these are nice. I got my fave; chocolate chip. All the cookies are a nice size. Think the size of the packaged Grandma's Cookies, but they are thicker!!! I love this for a chocolate chip, especially as they are just right; not too soft or hard at all. The chocolate chip was actually the way I love it, a bit gooey. 
While they aren't a total hit, they aren't a total miss. I think the thickness threw me off a bit.Simply the best F'n cookie I've ever eaten.
No.  I'm serious.  
I'm not even normally a sweets guy. But really, literally, actually, in truth, honestly. 
The best @#$%&/cookie I have ever eaten.We had the chocolate chip, white chocolate chip macadamia nuts (favorite). They were soft inside and crunchy on the outside.  We would go back.The chocolate-dipped chocolate chip cookie. Get it. If you're lucky, it'll still be warm, and the chocolate chips will be melting. One of the best cookies I've ever had!
They have mostly the typical cookie flavors, so I was hoping for a little bit more variety or creative cookies. But they do the classic cookie perfectly. It's definitely worth the extra calories!I gained 5 pounds eating cookies here. I live in Washington, DC and ever since eating these cookies I have dreams about driving up to Philly just to stock up on these damn cookies. Holy crap these cookies are so good. 
If you come at 4pm (or an hour before whenever they close) they sell the remaining cookies for a dollar a piece. Great deal which also ensures that they NEVER EVER sell day-old cookies. They are really fantastic.really good place for warm gooey, chocolate-y goodness. the cookies are soft and chewy! also available at the 4th street deli on 19th and market.I'm a cookie fanatic and these cookies were just okay! 
I thought they were on the harder side and had a bit of a burnt taste. I would rather get cookies from Hope's cookies which is on the other side of reading terminal!Stopped by here to came here the other day around 5pm to surprise the bubs with some cookies since that's all that he has been talking about lately. Came here because my lyft driver told me it was amazing. $2 for a giant cookie you can't really go wrong with that. The service here was alright could of definitely been way better. Being that I use to work at a bakery I was expecting the cookies to be packaged way way better ! Presentation matters too ! I took home and when we opened it, there was just a bunch of bakery paper in the box. It didn't look pretty haha. But to say the least the bubs enjoyed it which that's all that matter. Will definitely come back here for more cookies !Love these cookies.  Always fresh and gooey. The biggest problem is easily solved. Get two. You know you are going to eat one and Jones for another. 
The girls move the line fast. And treat you right.Omg the white chocolate cranberry cookie I had here was amazing. If you ever thought that the trade off for getting a chewy cookie was that it had to be dense and heavy, 4th St Cookies is here to turn that assumption over its head. The cookie was crisp enough on the outside, but the inside was soft and tender, and airy and light in a way that almost made it cake like? It's really quite an alchemy of textures and for $2, I'll have a little piece of heaven again and again.$2 for ONE COOKIE or pay for your cookies by the pound! ($12 per pound)
a great dessert option for your meal in the Reading Terminal Market
---chocolate chip macadamia nut cookie: it didn't look all that great.. BUT when i got a piece of it.. MMmm the chocolate was still MELTING & the cookie had a nice buttery crunch on the outside with a bit of chew inside!
i would've taken some back to NYC with me but after such a gluttonous weekend i had to restrain!
NOTE: we weren't here late, but i HEARD if you go before closing, cookies are just $1I thought I would give them another  try. 
We went by again this past  weekend. The cookies were more like cake. I had oatmeal raisin and my husband had chocolate chip. We had  them at the Terminal so it could not be that they were old. They just were not that good!  I make better at home! Service was pleasant but that's about it! I know I will get a lot of funny clicks but maybe I am just spoiled by my own baking!Great chocolate chip cookies!  Sugar, egg, gooey choc. chips are all wonderfully balanced.  
Cookies are around $1 at the end of the day.Had a black and white cookie. Denser than a traditional one. Had a strange taste to it. Almost like it was a peanut butter cookie base. Also tried the snickerdoodle, which was better. Really big dense cookies.Now I wouldn't say I'm a cookie expert... I'd say I'm a cookie specialist. And my specialty happens to be the Black and White. So it is very sad for me to report that the aforementioned cookie from 4th street is NOT up to par. 
Let me expand on the topic a bit: A true black and white cookie is soft, almost cake like. It is dipped in two different sides of icing. The chocolate side should be soft, but not melted. It should be just a slightly tacky to the touch, but shouldn't stick to your fingers. The white side should not be tacky. It should be firm without being crunchy or hard. 
Now here is where 4th street went wrong: They gave me a sugar cookie (first mistake) dipped in chocolate icing that was too firm (second mistake). The white side of the cookie was correct, but the underlying foundation (ie, the cookie itself) was not correct and ruined the experience. The incorrect chocolate consistency was the icing on the cake of this failed experiment. Pun intended.
If you want a good black and white cookie go to the famous 4th street deli on Bainbridge. That thing is ridiculous.I love this place...the cookie are delicious and the service is not bad. Stop by the reading terminal before heading home today and grabbed a dozen of the chocolate chip pecan for the family !I'm usually not a huge fan of chocolatey gooey cookies, but these cookies are outrageous. Not over the top sweet, but tons of chips + other "fillings" in each cookie. Perfectly crispy on the outside, softer on the inside. And great friendly staff too!Best Peanut Butter Cookies that I have ever had.  I had to go back the day I was leaving to take some home with me.We were only in philly for two days but we made it to this place both days.  We had the rockie road cake slice then the lemon coconut slice. The piece of cake literally serves 4 people and it so moist and good.  The lemon is the best!Nice cookies. Not secure I would ship off for them but nice. 
I had the snicker doodle, it was ok. I asked what the servers favorite was, and she said the chocolate macadamia, so I got one one of those too. I'm glad I did as it is really good. 
It's a little expensive as they are sold by the pound, so for me 2 cookies came to just under 4 bucks. 
The snicker doodle was not worth 2 dollars. However  I would pay that for the chocolate macadamia.If you want your life changed, please go and try the peanut butter chocolate chip. So. Good. The peanut butter was subtle and it had the perfect ratio of chips. I thought it would be dense and heavy but it wasn't too overwhelming at all. We also tried the chocolate chip macadamia which was delicious but still, the peanut butter was the way to go!I am definitely not a chocolate chip cookie person but after caving in for a bite (looked good), I ended up devouring a WHOLE cookie myself. And these are pretty big! There was plenty of chocolate and the cookies were nice and chewy on the inside with a perfect amount of crunch, mainly on the outer rim. If I had any self control when it comes to sweets, I'd definitely go back and get a couple for later this week (heading to NYC next), but because I don't, I have to pass and be glad I live on the west coast. I'd be in trouble with my scale!!!A chocolate chip cookie directly from the oven is one of life's grand treats.  We stumbled across this little bakery and thought, "We need to try this!"  We are so happy we did.
Okay, $4.50 for two cookies is outrageous, but these were just the thing we needed after our wonderful lunches.  Definitely, the cherry on top, as it were!I love this place!!  Best cookies ever and they mail them across the country.  I have tried them all from the oatmeal raisins to the chocolate chip ones.  They are all great.  I wish we had them in Cali.Solidly good cookies. They are always warm and gooey so that's pretty much aces when you think about what you want in a sweet decadent snack. I'm fairly certain that each cookie contains it's own stick of butter but since I'm rarely at Reading Terminal I'm allowed to splurge a bit and take advantage of the great cookies. The price is a little steep for a cookie but not really when you consider how dense and wonderful they are.4th St. cookies are like morsels of heaven (especially when just out of the oven). Those who like their cookies filled to the brim will enjoy these more than the cookie purist who wants to be able to taste the dough...as 4th St.'s cookies are maxed out with chocolate chips, nuts, or whatever other ingredients are inside. A must for chocolate lovers since the chocolate chip cookie has more chocolate than cookie.
Final thoughts...
4th St. Cookies are huge, indulgent, and expensive (more than $1 each), but boy are they good.Incredible cookies. 
Not too crunchy and not too flimsy. Although I enjoy soft cookies, these are still delicious.
These cookies make a great dessert to any of the Reading Terminal's main courses! 
Note: Price by weight.I purchased a cookie after hanging at another establishment near by. It smelled good and they looked so good. After a 15 minute to half hour of time next to the booth I had to have one. 
I had a simple chocolate chip with Walnut. There were several varieties of cookies available to order. 
The cookie was thick, slightly crisp. It had ample chocolate chips. But, I was never aware of the walnuts. I did not complain, it was still good. The chocolate was ample in the cookie, not a single bite without multiple chips.Honestly, I would cut a bitch for these cookies. They are so good it's not even funny. 
My all time favorite cookie ever. Their chocolate covered cookies... Oh... My... God. 
And this place has been around forever, for good reason! I grew up having these and I love them so so much.I was drawn to the woman yelling "cookies, cookies". I tried the cinnamon oatmeal and the peanut butter chocolate chip. Both were great. A perfect way to top off a Reading Terminal Market meal.Their cookies are sooooooooooo good. They are sold by the pound, so one cookie can cost $2 or more, which is a little expensive, but they are worth it.I dream of their chocolate chip cookies.  I have ordered these cookies online.  I have had these mailed to friends.  This place ROCKS.  Get them fresh out of the oven or nuke them at home.  Chocolate chip is the way to go here....I think their cookies are ok but nothing special or "famous" making in my opinion. They offer lots of different flavors and the service is fast and the price is good for the cookie size.4th on the street, number 1 in my heart.
The chocolate chip cookie is warm and soft and is generously studded with chocolate chips - definitely my favorite. The peanut butter chocolate chip cookie is good, but I would stick with the classic chocolate chip. I would love to eventually try their chocolate covered cookies, because yolo.
The service could definitely use improvement. The staff seemed impatient and unfriendly. If I was surrounded by cookies all day, I know that I definitely would not have the indifferent attitude of the employees... just saying.Kendall was right!    Thank you for fabulously friendly and kind service, superb suggestions, and an awesomely amazing TWO cookies that I ate slowly enjoying every morsel!Eating a chocolate chip cookie from Famous 4th Street Cookies at and it is DELICIOUS!!! The cookies are big and it's crunchy on the outside and chewy on the inside...I didn't even know that was possible! It was perfect with some ice cold milk. They were a little pricey and my fingers were slightly greasy after eating 1 cookie... But it's not enough to stop me from going back. Stop by and try their cookies if you're in Reading Terminal or if you are just in area.This place is located within Reading Terminal Market and I can honestly say they serve the best cookies I've ever had.  They're huge and dense but also soft and moist.  I fully realize that analogy is contradictory but it's the best I can do and I believe it's true.  The cookies are honestly amazing.  I had a couple there and got a bunch to go and ate most on the ride home.  I don't even want to know how many calories are in one of those bad boys.  Definitely a couple extra miles on the treadmill to burn those off.  
The 2 reasons I go 4 stars vs 5 are:
1. It's in Reading Terminal Market which is ridiculously busy and I typically try to avoid places like this.
2. The cookies are pretty expensive but they are worth it.I'm not a big dessert fan.. but for a scrumptious cookie like the ones they have at Famous 4th, I'll set aside any and all differences/diet/allergy restrictions.
Being that they're situated in the Reading Terminal Market.. it may be a pain to look for at first, but just use those nasal sensors of yours and sniff out the sweet, delicious aromas of the sugary, chocolate chips, melting oh so delicately in the oven. They have a good number of choices for cookies - chocolate chip, chocolate chip macadamia, oatmeal raisin, chocolate chip pecan, snickerdoodle etc.. My favs are the oatmeal raisin and the snickerdoodle cookies. Oh, and they charge by weight - I bought 6 and it came out to about $10. Trust me, for less than $2 a cookie.. it's so worth it.Went to the Reading Terminal in March and passed by the yummy-smelling store. A corner stall in the Reading Terminal, it's pretty easy to find. Waiting in line, we actually ended up talking to one of the owners! He was a huge history buff and kept us entertained by telling us the history of Reading Terminal. Then he went on to give us tips on places we had to go see. Very friendly.
As you're waiting in line, you're able to watch the employees make the cookies so you know they're freshly baked. Interesting how they sell the cookies by the pound though. Never saw that before. We ordered the snickerdoodle, chocolate chip macadamia nut, chocolate chip oatmeal macadamia and the peanut butter . I wanted to like the cookies more, but I've tried amazing cookies in San Francisco and these couldn't get even come close.The best cookie I've had in my life. Ever. EVER ever. And I am a chocolate chip cookie aficionado, mind you. I've tried 'em all. And there ain't no one who does it better than this little store at the Reading Terminal Market.
Chocolate chip macadamia nut...that's what I always get. Crunchy on the outside ... and gooey on the inside.
My wife doesn't even like CC cookies. And she was converted with this one!!I don't really understand the hype of these cookies. The chocolate chip cookies I got were good but nothing stellar and I paid a lot more for them than I thought was reasonable.OK so I have two experiences with this place
1st experience was on my recent trip to Philly. I bought roughly $18 worth of cookies since they go by weight. I don't remember exactly how many cookies there were in total but I want to say at least 10 maybe 12 max which is not so bad. I don't remember all the ones I got probably because they were not that memorable but definitely chocolate chip, sugar and chocolate chip with walnuts. The chocolate chips with walnuts was my favorite for sure but I am biased because I love walnuts! So when I got the cookies, I got them packed in a box because I was coming home that day so I never had one fresh while i was there. Now I don't know if they were still warm when they were put in the box or whether they warm them up for you if you have one there but these cookies are only good when they are cold (which is how I had my first bite) but they are amazing warmed up! (After my first bite I put my cookie in the toaster oven) Just based on my first experience I would give this place 4 stars only because your not always able to warm up that cookie. 
Now my 2nd experience is why this place gets 5 stars and why I think this is an awesome company. I had a box of 12 cookies delivered to a friend of mine, selecting 2nd day delivery because I'm cheap and next day delivery would of costed as much as the cookies! Now I just happened to be on the phone with my friend when the package was delivered and she was like what the hell did you send me because opening it up was such a process. So apparently the cookies are packed into a box with tons of bubble wrap taped closed and then put into another box with more bubble wrap and taped shut like a fortress and then placed in a plastic bag! The packaging impressed me alone! Then my friend sent me a picture taken from her phone (which is the one I posted) and the cookies looked so soft and fresh I could taste it! My friend loved the cookies and said they were still so soft. The message I sent along with the cookies was also hand written which gave it that personal touch!  Needless to say if I ever send anyone cookies it will definitely be from here!I loved the black and white cookies. The chocolate chip oatmeal cookie was good but felt a but dry. All of the cookies tasted somewhat dry. I didn't love these cookies. Too dry for my taste but I know other people adore them. It's interesting that you buy them buy weight, not number of cookies.I am a firm believer of baking cookies myself - it is so easy to whip up a batch and you can add whatever "fillings" you are in the mood for. . . plus one right from the oven . . uh, can we say yum?
However, a cookie from Famous' in the RTM is an exception to the rule.  They are huge, chewy and just bursting with flavor.  The Chocolate Chip with Pecans is heaven - get one warm. . . and its a mini vacation!  They always have a number of flavors including:  Sugar, Standard Chocolate Chip; CC with various nuts and Oatmeal Raisin.  They even have a what looks like a Black & While chocolate chip cookie (1/2 white icing and 1/2 chocolate icing like the cakey cookie)
They run about $2 each and are sold by weight.  They are huge.  I brought just two to a dinner for 3 adults and cut them up - and there were some pieces leftover.  
My only complaint is the employees have little to no customer service skills - mind you they are not rude, just seem to have not much of a personality.  
PS - If you are subjected to jury duty they will give you a 10% discount - just show your juror badge.Also at Reading Terminal Market.
Amazing weighty cookies. There are many different kinds, and it makes one very happy, especially with a warm glass of milk on a cold winter night. Or any night. I don't judge. And these cookies, they don't judge.
Enjoy a bite!Three words: Chocolate Chip Walnut
Go when it's about to close and they are $1/cookie!Literally melts in your mouth.
This is so good it's the kind of treat you give someone when his grandmother dies. 
Literally.
Seriously fantastic stuff.
Artery-clogging though, I'm sure.C is for Cookie and Cookie for me! I am absolutely obsessed with cookies. In fact, whenever we visit a new city one of my favorite things to do is to seek out one of the best cookies in that city. My most recent trip brought me to the city of botherly love. Staying in the area my wife and I knew we couldn't leave without first visiting Reading Terminal. 
After a quick lap around the terminal looking for a good breakfast spot, we landed at Pearl's Oyster Bar. Pearl's is conveniently located right next to the Famous 4th Street Cookie Company. During breakfast I kept looking back at the cookie stall thinking about which cookie I wanted to get my hands on. 
After breakfast, I made the short trek and waited online for my cookie. I like to consider myself a simple man. Give me a good, classic chocolate-chip cookie and I am completely content. After the first bite, I was in love. A slightly crispy exterior encompassed the soft-gooey center. The cookie was absolutely delicious! Being in a rush, I didn't ask for them to warm my cookie (I like them hot). The cookie was freshly-baked so it didn't change my opinion. My only regret was I wish I had gotten more than one. If/when I come back to Philly I will definitely have to come back to the Famous 4th Street Cookie Company.I am officially mad at my parents for not taking me to Reading Terminal Market when I was growing up a mere 45 minutes away from Philly.  Sure, I did the Liberty Bell, the Constitution Center, and even the Betsy Ross House, but never made the brief journey to this haven of deliciousness.  
The best part of it all?  Famous 4th Street Cookies.  Soft and warm with slightly melted chocolate chips, the chocolate chip cookie stole my heart after only one bite.  It took all the discipline I had not to get a dozen and eat them all in 5 minutes, but somehow I tore myself away and saved myself about 5000 calories.  They're a bit pricey at around $2 each, but completely worth it.My original chocolate chip cookie obsession when I visited Philly started here! It's unfortunate that my work hours don't coincide with the store hours =c(It's the first place we saw when entering Reading Terminal Market.  We had the chocolate chip walnut and cinnamon raisin walnut cookies.  Kind of expected more.The best of the best.  Charge by the pound and these are dense small plate sized cookies so be careful.  I love that they sell milk and have multiple times had "milk and cookies" meetings with clients here.  Best of just one of the things from their menu.Hits you right in the face when you walk in the Terminal.  Bam!  Cookies!  I would say I was only getting one, but then the "Buy 3, get 1 free" deal would be on.
Soooooo...I'll totally only have 2 and take the other 2 home.  Please.  The third one is gone by the time I hit Market Street, and the last one is gone by Walnut.  
I am so ashamed.  And if it's close to closing time and the dollar cookie deal is going?  Shameful.What's all the fuss about?
I had a peanut butter chocolate chip cookie to satisfy my sweet tooth and the cookie was strictly average. Way too much butter, crispy all the way through, and it cost almost $2 since the place sells by the pound.
The service was friendly, but I did NOT appreciate the woman yelling into my face "COOKIES! DON'T FORGET YOUR COOKIES!" as I was paying.
But I love me the sweets, and I'll probably be back to try another.Best Oatmeal Raisin. Ever. I have never had another O/R cookie that even comes close. It's gooey, it's chewy, it's buttery, the raisins are plump and juicy. I've tried so many times to make a cookie that comes close this and have failed. This is my last stop right before I leave Philly and I take 2 dozen home. They freeze well too, thaw them on the counter and it's just as good.We have service issues here the past couple times - just not pleasant staff. (Arguing with us after they were in the wrong regarding giving us the wrong type of cookie) The cookies are good but not the best. I used to love the chocolate dipped cookies (Which are usually about $3.50 each) but this recent once I got the cookie just tasted stale and not as good as previous - I am not sure if they have changed something. FYI - Cookies are sold by weight.Buuuuuuuuuuttery! One of the places that didn't disappoint at the Reading Terminal. These cookies were beautifully buttery. Yes if you're on a diet (and I was sort of) you shouldn't come here, but for $2 We couldn't resist ordering a double chocolate chip cookie, which essentially was a chocolate chip cookie with more chocolate chips baked inside. 
It was crispy on the edges and chewy and melty in the middle, perfectly baked. Yummmm definitely get a cookie heed if you ever pass by. They have a good selection of other cookies, but expect more traditional cookie flavors. You're not going to see any out of the box types of cookies, they make everyday cookies but stepped it up a notch.I just do not love their cookies at all. They're always so hard and have a slightly bitter after taste. So far i've had the chocolate chip and the snicker doodle. I'll give it one more try.
For now Id prefer Hope's cookies over 4th St.