I have a pretty open mind but this place is just no good. 
I went to a Networking Event here not long ago..not that it was necessarily their fault, but this place was so packed I couldn't even breathe. It's generally that way on weekend nights, too..and it's not even a real mingle-esque type of setting, so this remains baffling to me.
I've had lunch here as well, and it's nothing to write home about.
Sorry, Mission Grill. You are an urban dime a dozen.After working remotely @ Starbuck's all day out at Suburban Square, I was so looking forward to meeting some good buds at The Mission Grill for Happy Hour.  This longing was further stoked by the fact that the R5 to 30th St was 14 min late for 30 min in the cold and rain because of "slick tracks" - com' on these are trains, not cars or planes!  Anyway, after a finally got to Mission Grill, cold, wet, thirsty, and hungry my judgment may have been tainted (my dad always said "hunger is the best seasoning"), but thought they had a quality drink selection, great happy hour atmosphere, and thoroughly enjoyed the fish tacos - wasn't the biggest portions, but quality nonetheless.Ehh. This place is just alright. I've been here a couple times just because its convenient and a bunch of my co workers go here. 
I like on Monday's they have 1/2 price margarita pitcher as their special.... $20 bucks for a great buzz, need 2 people to finish off this one. They have drink specials I think every day of the week.
Food isn't too bad. I haven't actually eaten an entree here but the apps are good for picking. Guacamole is always a safe munchie, it comes with chips and salsa. Best one I think I like is the queso fundido. Full of flavor and cheesy goodness. 
Service overall isn't extremely memorable.... its ok. The servers just never seem that enthused to be at work. Weekends they have djs come in and try to turn it into a dance club sort of deal. I like how there's a mix, anyone can go here to just have a drink or two... or three.I went for the express lunch.  10 dollars for a lunch and a beer if you eat at the bar.  Pretty good deal.  They change the lunch every day.   I went on a day when it was mussels and it was pretty good.
When I went there was this MAJOR DOUCHE hitting on the bartender.  He turned out to be an investor in the whole Public House empire.  He was seriously such a former frat boy asshole that I wanted to stab many times with a broken pint glass.  
I'm scared that most people who go into a Public House Empire establishment are like that, which is why I wouldn't step in after lunch.This is the email i wrote to the management over three weeks ago w no responce, another example of poor serive:
We decided to give you a try for lunch on Thursday. We are always on the search for a great lunch sandwich, tasty fries and perfect onion rings. We eat out about 4-5 times a week. 
When we arrived on Thursday around 1:15your hostess (who was also our server) seated us and then brought us water. She really was dressed innopriatly. We then gave her the restaurant.com certificate prior to ordering as it requests. She then said "oh. Well to use this you have to order from our large plates section" I told her it states "2 entrees not 2 large plates" and we wanted to order an sandwich and salad and side of onion rings.  Since it was only lunch we didn't want two dinner sized portions. She then said "you have to spend at least $40 outside those five or six selections". I said that it was not stated but we would figure something out because we really did just want to try your food! I understand what entrees are: not apps, not dessert, not sides. But what she tried to convince me of was that everything else on your menu outside of large plates weren't entrees as well (salads? Tacos? Sandwiches?)?!  
We decided to try your crab cakes and chicken fajitas.  Of course i wanted to start off with your onion rings! The onion rings were very good but took almost 20 mins to reach our table.  The entrees had obviously been under a heat lamp for quite sometime (plates were hot and food was luke warm, at best) and arrived more than 35mins after we ordered (I know because it was after I got off a call that lasted 34 mins). The fajita was flavorless and cold. The tortillas stuck together and ripped when pulled off of one another. The crab would have been excellent had it been hot. Your risotto that accompanied the crab cakes was the only savor of our meals. 
All we wanted was a sandwich and salads (both considered entrees by every other restaurant).  Instead we had lack luster food and service. I truly felt that as soon as we showed our certificate our experience of Mission Grill was not important. 
.I have no complaints. Went with a co-worker for at late lunch.  Food was good, service was good. Prices are a little high.  I got the choose 3 tacos. Carnitas, Steak, & Fish.  All were yummy - steak was the best though. Nancy was a great server.  I'll go back.Service was slow.  It was some of the blandest food I ever tasted, although the queso was quite good.  Their pork tacos had absolutely no flavor.  The one I had was suppose to have pineapple in them.  One taco had 2 miniscule pieces of pineapple.  I would definitely not eat hear again.  I even had an extra restaurant.com certificate that I gave away to someone knowing I would not go back.  YUCK!I don't really know what to classify the Mission Grill as -- is it a restaurant, a classy sports bar, or a hangout place for pretty things in barely-there clothing?  Regardless, this was the place we came to celebrate my gf's birthday, and though we typically pick some fairly bleh places for these events, it wasn't surprisingly the terrible experience I was expecting.
Various no-shows aside, we proceeded to take advantage of the amazing happy-hour drink specials that were being offered.  The sports TVs were competing with the loud top 40's music being played over the speakers, but it somehow added to the appeal of the place.
Service was stellar -- the waitress suggested that I give the pick-three-kinds taco plate that they offered, which was a great choice.  How can you go wrong when you're between carnitas, crispy fish and short rib and get to pick all three?
Surprisingly not too crowded for a Friday night at 6pm, though it might've been a bit early for the bar crowd.  Not sure if that speaks well or not, but I had a good time at least and will be happy to return!Great guacamole and salsa---I can make a meal out of that stuff alone; the rest of the food is just okay.  Niice funky decor but its always so COLD in the winter---too many windows I guess.A nice option for nuevo mexican in Center City.  
      If you like a drink before dinner, they have designer cocktails (I had a blood orange mojito, which was yummy ($12)). 
     Their guacamole is obviously home made and tasty, though it was bit spicy for my palate (I prefer more of a citrusy/oniony taste than the strong jalapeno bite in this version).  The crab cake was absolutely all crab meat -- no filler -- and  fresh and well cooked and very substantial, and comes with a tasty risotto and a nice sauce.
     Negatives?  They were playing salsa music throughout the time I was there, which I found obnoxious after a little bit -- it was a little too franctic for background while eating.  Also chips and salsa are not gratis, you have to order them.
      Finally, while I was there late and the place was dead, I would imagine that during happy hour, the bar is hopping and it probably gets pretty loud.  I wouldn't go there at 6:00 with idea of discussing an important business deal.
      All in all and enjoyable meal (based on a very limited sample of their menu) with pleasant service and a convenient location near Logan Square.Not impressed at all. We were the only customers on a Saturday evening. That should have been our first clue, but we stayed. Food was really bland. Service was good, but I'm guessing that was due to the lack of customers.Mission Grill is pretty underwhelming.  My girlfriend and I went for a Sips happy hour, and the four dollar merlot was okay.  The space is fairly large, but there isn't enough bar space for larger groups, so they crowd around two long tables near the bar.  I suppose they save the fancy seating for dinner.  
The fact that so many people were cramped between the bar and the tables was highly annoying. I had a mostly drunk guy yelling loudly in my ear as he tried to talk to a woman sitting next to me. It was 6:00pm, mind you-- Fairly early for drunkenness.  
It isn't really fair to give Mission Grill two stars considering I was there for 45 minutes to enjoy a glass of wine. However, I can safely say, it was not the best experience possible, and I'd be hard pressed to go back soon.  The bartenders were nice though.This place is now closed. I went there and there and there was a sign on the door saying to visit their sister restaurant, the Public House.Went in here for lunch with a group, after reading the mediocre reviews on Yelp I wasn't expecting too much.  The space isn't bad, sort of standard center-city inoffensive decor much like Public House.  The food wasn't bad, but it wasn't worth what I paid.  I decided to go with the Tortilla Soup ($6) and a Ceaser Salad ($9), and neither were worth what I paid.  The soup came out first.  It was unlike most tortilla soups I have had in that it was thick, with a bisque consistency.  It wasn't nearly as tangy or spicy as I'm used to, and it was lukewarm, and cold when I finished.  The salad was nothing special: a pile of chopped lettuce that had been tossed in store-bought ceaser dressing, dumped in a bowl, with some odd cornbread croutons on top.  Now I understand that a ceaser salad isn't very complex, but for $9 I expect more than fifty cents worth of salad tossed in cheap bottled dressing.
I do kind of want to try their tacos, but at the same time, I'm afraid I'll be disappointed.  Won't be going back here unless I'm with a group and outvoted.I've meant to write about this restaurant for awhile, but I go there so often for lunch due to its proximity to work that it's almost an afterthought. I stick with the same menu items every time I go there, so I can't really speak to the entire menu, but the fact that I keep getting the same items says something: they are good!!! If I can impart any wisdom to fellow diners, it's this: they have the BEST hummus in Philadelphia. Ok, I might get laughed at for this one (remember, my screen name is "non foodie in Philadelphia"), but I know what I like. The black bean hummus is DELICIOUS -- served with amazing garlic pita bread, fresh (and cold) cucumbers, and a WONDERFUL corn and pepper salsa. I get this dish 99 percent of the time I go there because it's always good. The tacos are great too -- small plates and executed wonderfully. Always tasty. Queso fundido is deliciously, sinfully good. I must update this review to HIGHLY RECOMMEND this appetizer that I don't know the name of, but it was DELICIOUS. DIVINE. AMAZING. It is grilled shrimp in a jalapeno sauce of some type with the most delicious grits/risotto cheesy goodness side dish ever invented. Your brain will explode!
One word of advice: Don't come to The Mission Grill and order a turkey sandwich. You will be disappointed. I was. Stick with the tacos or the hummus, for sure. The servers and bartenders are awesome!!I die for their cheese sauce.  Literally just spent 15  minutes googling trying to figure out what it is. I only go once every other month because I am sure there are a bazillion calories in my favorite dishes but Ah - so yummy.  I highly recommend their nachos and their cheese steak (oh - and get the fries too... they put a little cinnamon on them which is a fun little twist). Highly recommend!Fish Tacos!!  OMG, some of the best fish tacos on the East Coast!   They're an appetizer, but are very filling.  This place also has Prix Fixe lunch and dinner menus that are reasonable and filling.  The drinks are strong, the wait staff sassy, and the atmosphere is relaxing.  Overall, a great place for upscale Mexican inspired food!As a happy hour spot, this place is legit. Not going to try and review the restaurant side of things, but I do like coming here for drinks/apps after work. The specials are $3 beers, $4 wine and $5 margaritas/sangria from 5pm-7pm on weeknights They also have a few $5 appetizer specials. I had 3 beers and an order of chix flautas for $20, including tip. the bartenders and servers are all pretty hot, which definitely doesn't hurt. And there's plenty of TVs behind the bar to keep you entertained. Overall, a solid happy hour spot worth coming back to.This place has two things going for it:  location and ambiance.  It is right across from a parking lot on Arch street with $10 parking in the evening.  Huge plus in this park of the city.  Secondly, the interior itself is very nice and you definately feel like you are in a step up from the every-weekend type of place.
The food is good, not overwhelming.  I like that you can pick 3-5 different tacos to try in a meal.  We had a restaurant.com coupon so the price was reasonable, but I wouldn't have been too happy paying full boat for the meal.
I'd go back though, it was a good time.Like its big brother (Public House) Mission Grill is a big pile of meh.... 
But... to their credit, the appetizers aren't that bad and it might be worth wading through the puddle of douche to enjoy a Dogfish Head 60 minute IPA on the cheap. 
The flat-bread pizza and the calamari are pretty decent so if you leave work a little late on Friday and want to grab a quick bit and a beer before heading home this might be a good option. It's got a similar environment to Noche...Didn't go in expecting much after reading reviews on here.  Wasn't terrible, just ok.  Went as a meetup group, we had four tables of six on a Sunday at noon, we were the only customers in the restaurant. 
 It was a pre-agreed menu for $20, included an order of chips and guacamole for each table of six, an order of flautas for each table and the choice of three entrees for each person.  The guacamole was very good, but not a a big order, probably enough for each person to have five or six chips.  The flautas looked like a chicken wrap that had been cut into smaller pieces, each piece the size of a large cut of sushi, ie. not much in terms of volume.  I noticed that at each table, the order of flautas was cut into five pieces.  There were six people at each table.  Not thoughtful on the part of management, come on!!
The entrees were a choice between a turkey sandwich and fries, burger sliders w. fries and chicken tacos w. beans and rice.  I ordered the tacos.  They were ok, but not a lot of flavor.  The beans and rice consisted of a very thin layer of rice covering maybe 1/4 of the plate and about 4-5 beans.  Soda was included.  I was hungry when we left and for $20, I could get a pre-fixe lunch at Amada, or an excellent entree at lots of places in CC.  
The staff was nice, no problems with the space.  It reminded me of bar food that is labeled Mexican.  This is Philly--up the portions people.This is a great place for a large group to have diner. I was seated in the private room to the right of the front door and it was the perfect spot for our group. 
Love the chips and gaucamole! Such good food and of coures the house made Sangria made the meal even better. Service was great & I will def. go back!I'll start off by saying my wife and I sat at the bar for lunch and our bartender was lovely and did everything she could to make up for failures that were out of her control.  My margarita was also delicious!   When we first walked in, it was apparent that the restaurant staff was overwhelmed.  The manager was working the host stand and clearly wasn't skilled in the " Hi how are you?" department.  Our bartender was handling the bar, side bar and several tables.  As I mentioned before, she was extremely pleasant but, the restaurant was clearly short staffed and she had a lot to manage.  We ordered our appetizer which came out in decent time and was delivered by a manager who dropped it off and scurried away before I even knew what happened. This manager did not check to see if we had appetizer plates or roll ups.  We were ready to dig in when we noticed we had no plates, utensils, or napkins.   This can happen anywhere and is generally not a deal breaker for me.   It took a few minutes but we got the bartender's attention and asked for utensils etc.  Several minutes then went by while we stared at our food and it got cold before the manager with poor greeting skills showed up with one set of utensils.  My wife appropriately questioned where the other set of utensils was and the manager responded with a inappropriate and unprofessional comment basically indicating that we were lucky to get one set of utensils.   What?  Well it turns out that Mission Grill had run out of clean silverware.  Seriously!  We looked around and there were others eating with their fingers waiting on utensils.  This is totally absurd and should never happen at any establishment.  I guess the back of the house was as short staffed as the front.  This was a clear display of management issues which was made obvious during our first encounter at the host stand.  I wish I had turned around!    Additionally, the manager did not appear to put forth any effort in helping the servers and bartenders run food, clear plates or tend to any of the needs of the customers given how short staffed they where.  Oh wait... he did bring two people one set of utensils with a "take it or leave it" attitude.    The food was average.  The carnitas  had the most flavor but nothing to rave about and the shrimp appetizer was over cooked.  I'd go back and sit at the bar for margaritas but I highly doubt I will ever eat here again.My husband and I were staying at the Sheraton nearby so we decided to use a Restaurant.com coupon at the Mission Grill. We were seated promptly and placed our orders with our male server. We ordered the wings appetizer, steak burger and steak fajitas. While waiting for our food, another server came up and briefly stated that she'd be serving us now instead and double checked on our food order. We waited about 20 more minutes to be served our appetizer and then finally our food. The food tasted like generic Mexican food and wasn't anything special. After we were done eating, we had a hard time finding our waitress and it took her about 10 minutes to finally bring the check over. I actually started a stop clock on my phone to keep track.
   The restaurant itself had a nice decor and the bar area was busy, while the restaurant tables were fairly empty for a Friday night. It was difficult to hear one another accross the table, as the music was on rather loud and people in the bar area were having to talk even louder to compensate. 
    Overall, good meal for using a $25 off coupon with Restaurant.com and close by to the hotel, but nothing special. We wouldn't return there again. Food would have been pricey if it wasn't for our coupon. We ordered 1 appetizer, a burger, a fajita and 2 waters for $53.What, I'm the first to review this place, really?
You may read my review with a grain of salt as I was fairly hammered.
But...I would not have been so hammered had their strawberry margaritas not been so fantastically delicious!!  YUM!  You know how sometimes fruity margaritas are sickeningly sweet?  Not the case here.  They were made with fresh strawberries  & then soured with fresh lime juices.  I was told they try to keep their margaritas as full of natural flavors as possible & let me tell you, it was amazing.  I'm actually not really into tequilas, but it tasted amazing to me anyway.  My friends who are big into tequilas also felt they were better than average.
Good guacamole...I guess...once again, guacamole is not something I eat much of, but that is in part due to the way it looks.  Like a lump of yukky green stuff.  Not appetizing.  The Mission Grill's guac was full of fresh veggies & nice chunks of avocado, with just a little bite of spiciness.  Far more appetizing than most guac I've encountered.
The spinach & arugula salad was good, but could have used less spinach & arugula & more fresh mozzarella.  The two little balls of mozza were not at all enough, in my opinion.  I really had to ration those puppies out to get them through my salad.
I had  the filet mignon "oscar" as well.  Nice, tender juicy filet.  No Barclay Prime to be sure, but still quite good.  I was disappointed by the "oscar" style.  Instead of a bit of delectable lump crab placed over the filet like I'm used to, Mission Grill's "oscar" was this mini (& I mean MINI) crab cake.  Which was topped with some sort of yellowish creme.  Which toppled off of my filet & onto my white Dolce & Gabbana sweater as the waitress placed my dish in front of me.  *sigh*
A "red bliss potato pancake" was placed under the filet which was very good. 
The service here was pretty good.  It seemed a little slow to me, especially since the place was next to empty (it was a Wednesday evening), but that's my only complaint there.
The Mission Grill itself is well designed, with fun, festive & warm Mexican decor.
I would definitely return, especially for their margaritas!
The food may not have blown me away, but all in all it was still pretty darn tasty & it seems like a place that is great for a good time.blah - that is all i can really say. Generic mexican food- nothing original.
Servers are attentive but the menu and food offered are just all around boring.We went to Mission Grill for happy hour and dinner on Friday, and had a perfectly lovely evening.
We started out with a few $5 Sangrias at the bar - they were good, not great, but did the trick.  From there we got a table and shared the blue crab and artichoke dip, which was excellent!  It came out piping hot and covered in a crisp layer of cheese, yum.  I then had the crab cake sandwich while my honey had the fish tacos.  Both entrees were good, but his fish tacos came in a pretty small serving.  
Service was good and we had an enjoyable evening.  It sounds like we had a significantly better experience than those who posted reviews already.  You're certainly not entering a five-star restaurant, but I would say that Mission Grill does what it does pretty well!The Grilled Chicken Flautas were the best thing we tried with a generous portion chicken and a nice guacamole/BBQ sauce mix.  The spicy fries were good too, although mostly because they were good fries (spicy = a few jalapeno slices).  The Carnitas Tacos again provided a good-sized portion of pork, but had little flavor outside of the meat.  The Pan Seared Crabcakes were mostly salty filler, so I would skip them.Party of 2: picked this place since someone gave us a resturant.com gift card. Ordered 2 beers, fish sandwich, steak taco and one tortilla soup.
Cornbread & Beers can never fail you, but the soup, fish sandwich and taco did. My steak taco could be consumed in 9 bites. the soup was blend and had about 2 chips in strips. wtf.
We went to Max Brenner afterwards for more food.
Wasnt able to use the $25 gift card since our meals were not entrees. Which we had 4 to choose from, none of them appealing for that night.
Looking up if I can get a refund from Resturants.com for the gift card we couldn't use. I hope so since I never wanna go back.It's always hit and miss when you see reviews for "Mexican" food.  You can never be sure whether its people who've had proper Mexican food before and so hate it because its not the same, or people who haven't had proper Mexican food before, and so hate it because it's not Taco Bell.
So, with a 75 dollar off voucher in hand we went to Mission grill.  The food is fine, nothing special and a little overpriced.  The starters were just the average fare and the main courses were a little lacking.  The drinks pitchers were good, but again, overpriced.  Service was quick and friendly.
For 6 of us, with the voucher, it came out to $45 a head, which just isn't good value, especially considering it would have been almost $60 a head without the discount.  I can't really recommend this, but neither can I tell you never to go there.
Summary: average food, high prices.ok, so I went here in search of Fish Tacos yet again. and can i just say...mehhhh
I ordered the guacamole which was on the menu as $4 but ended up on my check as $8 (whatever) It was a little too spicy for my taste and kinda watery 
Then came the fish tacos. I can see how these might be good usually, but mine tasted like someone dumped cinnamon and sugar in the beer batter. It was almost sweet. Very strange. 
But it was only steps from my office and they do have a good lunch special, it just wasn't what I wanted today. I might go back, might review again. 
We shall see.mission grill looks pretty and the service is good....but the food is pretty dissappointing....the best thing were probably the fish tacos...good but not much better than surf taco and triple the price if you compare portions. empanadas and taquitos were tiny . Short rib were k but how hard is it get short ribs right? pork chop=dry and crab cake is below average. I would not say mission grill is bad but like many restuarants they care more about presentation and the scene than quality and quantity of the food. with so many good gastropubs in the city save a couple of bucks and go there or spend a few more bucks and go to one of the finer restaurants our fair city has to offer (mexican inspired-lolita or just plain better-osteria). mission grill is like the missionary position ...boringA coupon from Restaurant.com  persuaded me and a couple of friends to try out Mission Grill for a late lunch.  I guess everyone waits to come for happy hour because it was pretty quiet in there.  We def didn't mind tho =)
 I loved the interior design..very cozy! !
We ordered:  Chicken nachos, Pan seared Salmon entree,  Crab cake entree,  Fish tacos, and a must have are the SWEET POTATO FRIES!!  
Everything was great! Great artistic presentation and delicious as well! 
This is a great spot to go to if your in the mood for mex.... but be prepared to spend a couple extra dollars... pricey = 4 stars.We've been to mission grill several times. Normally make it here once a month. It has, by far, the best guacamole in Philadelphia out of all the places we've tried. I just love it. It has something special that I can't put my finger on. 
With that said, they also offer jalopeno cornbread as free bread. It's amazing and comes with a strawberry butter. 
I've tried several things here. Their salads are great, their cheese steak is a fun take on the local dish, but what I always order is their tacos. Their mix and match tacos is great. Each taco is unique and bursting with flavor. I really like this dish, but the portions are too small if you aren't eating appetizers as well, or if you want to fork over the money for 5 tacos instead of 3 (which I normally pass on).
That is really my  one complaint: it's alittle pricey for some of the dishes. Guacamole seems overpriced everywhere in Philadelphia and here is no different, which is really upsetting because I love it so. Their homemade salsa is also alittle too smokey for my tastes.This place has grown on me. 
I feel like their food has improved in the last couple months. I've been spending a lot more time there than before. Service is much better haha when you become a regular!.
I'd say there are a lot of dudes though. So be prepared. Last night they had a DJ in house which played pretty good music. 
I like!Had lunch there the other day and started off with the crab and artichoke dip which was devoured. We also ate some chili which was really good as well. Found out that there are 55 ingredients in that chili and all 55 are wonderful.
My friend and I each got the "pick 3" tacos and couldn't finish the last one because we filled up on dip and chili first. Out of the chicken, grilled steak, and fish taco, the steak was my favorite. My friend enjoyed the carnitas the best. 
Server was very nice and on top of everything. I would love to go back and try other things next time. Plus, the space is huge so it would be great for parties.I've been here twice now, and I think the first time I made myself forget how sub-par the food is. 
The ambiance I do love. It's cozy, upscale, and comfortable at the same time. It also seems like it's a popular hang-out spot for late-night bar goers. 
Other than that, I wouldn't seek a delicious meal here. Chips and salsa comes with a tiny dish of salsa that is limited to 1. My husband and I were finished with that before we got halfway through our chip basket. Sad. 
The chicken, avocado, cheese salad was bland and I salted it about three times before I could taste anything. It also was full of the yellowy-crunchy lettuce butts that nobody should serve to any diner. 
Fish tacos were also very bland and very small! The "rice and beans" that come on the side are about 2 Tablespoons of sad looking rice with 3 black beans in them and   what was quite evidently warmed up frozen peas and carrots. Did someone go to culinary school to serve re-heated frozen bagged vegetables at their restaurant? It made me depressed.
We were excited to order Banana Caramel Bread Pudding for dessert. Bread pudding? What could go wrong? Well, I was severely disappointed. The bananas used in the pudding were clearly completely over-ripe. They had absolutely no flavor, but also had a disgusting, rubber-tire consistency. I felt like I was eating erasers. They were brown and hard. This sabotaged the pudding completely. The pudding was also small, not very flavorful (needed some cinnamon or vanilla or something), and didn't have much caramel or ice cream on it.
Also our server came over about 15 times in a row asking if we were ready, done, etc. He kind of rode the line between attentive and pushy. 
Overall, a disappointing dinner. Don't make this your destination spot for eating, but if you want late night tunes or a drink, it's definitely decent!My employer has now had 2 complimentary 2-hour happy hours here so props to the Mission Grill for being so kind to us!! 
It's basically the older crowd of the public house that trickles down here but it really is a nice bar. The margaritas are included in their happy hour and they are STRONG, I advise going a little slower on drinking them ha ha.
I've had some of the food here including the mini pizzas, queso dip, and guac with homemade chips - all were tasty!~I was dragged here by some co workers last night and was not impressed. First off, I'm not a huge fan of the Publick House that shares ownership with the Mission Grill, so I kinda knew what I was getting into. Usually I'm stoked, when I'm right, this was not one of those times. 
So we sit down and get a round of drinks, and then some chips, guacamole and salsa comes out. Ok, nothing really to complain about yet. Then we got to order. Now the selection of entrees wasn't that big, about 8 options for dinner. So the lack of selection wasn't that great. Strike 1. One of the guys got sirloin, one got the pork chops and another the swordfish. So the manager comes over and tells us that the party of fifteen ordered the last of the swordfish and sirloin. OK, this happens occasionally at restaurants, and you really can't get mad, no Strike for this faux pas. The manager was very apologetic and insists that she'll make it good to us. So we decide to stay (I'm still wondering why..) everyone reorders. Two get the pork chops, another the mixed grill and I got two appetizers as i didn't see any entrees that looked good to me. I two apps were OK, the first was a short-rib empanadas and the other was tacos dorados, which was more of a fried taquito than a taco. 
The manager sends over a appetizer platter with a selection of 3 out of the 12 different appetizers on the menu. Some were good and other no so good. Everyone seems content with their food but I wasn't that happy. We got another round of drinks and I'm starting to enjoy the food a little bit more. 
Did i mention it was a ghost town in there. Aside from that party of 15 people in a private dinning room and a few randoms at the bar, this place was dead. I'm beginning to understand why. 
The check came around and the manager comped all of our drinks, and the appetizer platter that she sent over. A total savings of 75$, she also gave each of us a coupon for 20% off our entire bill the next time we go there or public or field house. I was very nice of her. So i would say, great service with average to below average southwestern cuisine.C'mon, you kiddin me?   We walked in, no response from anyone for over 5-6 minutes.  Finally an attentive bartender who could see the pain in my face yelled over, " you guys need help"?  
We were seated, over 5+ minutes went by....someone asked, "were you helped yet"?   NO.   Server came over, took drink ordered and seemed disappointed when we didn't know what we wanted for dinner, all in one shot.
A $10 Margarita that tasted like Orange juice......with AIDS
Crab/Spin/Art Dip ($15)  #Fail  No crab at all, not even one piece
Cheese Steak Spring Rolls  #Fail  A horrific attempt at blending chipotle, wonton wrappers and thai chili sauce in harmony
Fried Shrimp??  Honestly, don't even know what they were supposed to be
Prices were absurd, even w/ a Groupon.  There is absolutely NO reason to go this joint.....NONEWent to a birthday party with some friends here.  Location is close to home and decor is nice, but that is where my wam and fuzzies end.   I chose the spinach salad for starters and it was horrible.  Bland does not begin to describe this salad's shortcomings.  On the upside, the queso fundido was very good-but in the cheese category i am not hard to please :)  Moving on...service was subpar; check ins, drink refills and plate clearance  were sparse.  While some of the table was cleared of starter plates and entree plates, the friend next to me sat with her entree plate in front of her until we walked out the door ( she had stopped eating quite a while before we left).   This place may rattle and hum when busier, but on a slow night with one big party they seemed uninterested.I came in to check out whats going on.  Things have been a little shaky but I had a rest.com deal and we were looking for something a little different.
The food was good and I really enjoyed the service.  
We ordered the guac and salsa - for the price it was a little on the small side.
My pulled chicken salad was a good lunch salad considering I was on a business lunch... the Taqueria (choice of various tacos) looked really good. Next time I'm going to check that out.
My friends steak salad had an ample amount of steak and she seemed really happy with it.
I'd put mission grill back on your "go to" list.  I'll be listening closely to see if anything is going on but for now I was pretty happy with our mealStopped by here for a fundraiser and just enjoyed drinks and music.  Great vibe, huge bar, and a personable bartender in Laura S.  I trained down and walked the five minutes or so.  I didn't get anything to eat (curse this diet...is it really worth it?) but those around me seemed to be enjoying their food.  Overall...great time, mission accomplished...at the Mission Grill.This place was a surprise - nice dining with upscale Mex/SWest food.  Nice decor - only there for a quick lunch on Saturday but the food seemed great as was the staff.I don't think this place will be open much longer.
The food is along the lines of a chain restaurant around any mall in the Philly area.  The bar was out of the one high grade IPA listed on the drink menu.  Alos ran out of the wine one of our party was drinking.  At that point I noticed that the booze bottles behind the bar were awfully thin and spread out, all tell tale signs money is tight.
Service, although friendly and attentive (at times), was not very good.  Beer served without a glass.  A plate of cold food.  A forgotten request of a round of drinks.
A comfortable place and rather nice inside.
Nothing here is real good.  Average at best.   For the owners, this is one of their better places, but still has many of the flaws of the other places, Public House, Field House and City Tap House.Mission grill has completely changed.  If you haven't been there in the past few months, you have got to try it again.  Originally, this place was very confused, with food items all over the ethic and culinary spectrum.  There is a new exec chef who has narrowed down the menu and made it an entirely Mexican restaurant.  
Started off with Mac and cheese and some fish tacos.  Mac and cheese had a nice texture, not too soggy or smothered in cheese.  The fish tacos were lightly fried with a delicious slaw on the bottom.  Next I had the cactus and jicama salad which was unlike any salad I have seen.  It had no leaf vegetation, but strips of cactus, carrots, jicama, cabbage and such.  So lovely and scrumptious!
I had two cocktails as well, and the marg was the superior.
New favorite!WHAT THE F WENT ON AT MISSION GRILL ON CINCO DE MAYO?
Blue and pink plaid shirt douchebag in a cowboy hat made me a triple sec & water, called it a margarita, and only after telling three other bartenders, "Bro, make that girl some margaritas."  He then  proceeded to crawl around under the table I was sitting at. When he was actually upright, he drank EVERYTHING on the table- whether it was his or someone else's- some drinks had been there for a few hours because no one cleaned anything up.  Finally, he slammed his fist into a plastic glass of water, soaking my friend.  Meanwhile, there was a random dance crew (wtf is this reality tv?) and a DJ that was WAY too loud.  If I could go back in time, I'd take the $40+ I spent on a few lousy drinks and go ANYWHERE else.Went here for one of those famous "Happy Hours" that you can win by signing the sheet by the door.  The drink specials were nothing to write home about, and the food was terrible.  The Canyon Ranch Fritters, in particular, were like something you'd never buy again from the frozen food section at Freshgrocer.  I suppose it's tempting to invite all of your friends if you get selected to drink there for free for a few hours, but I can buy a case, microwave some Trader Joe's stuff and invite my buddies over to my house just as easily.Cool bar.   I ended up here one night and I'm not sure how or why but it was fun.   I also don't know why they let my friends in after an all day booze fest.   Either way the crowd was fun and they played good music.in Philly for business, hotel around corner, found Mission Grill here, tried it. service a touch slow to start, but improved. hHad the baked plaintains with chili beef and they were a wonderful combination of flavors. would recommeend them highly. 
Unfortunately, came back 2 nights later, and the tacos were had barely any meat in them, were mostly lettuce and salsa,  and the rice and beans were reheated (and looked like from my prior visit). completely unedible. 
Bar staff on first night was good - Sam and Joy - Sunday night waitress was brand new, didn't know menu at all.Started out GREAt and was all down hill from there.
In the fall of 2007 I went to Mission grill and had the most AMAZING lunch.  A delicious salad with shrimp & crab - fresh avocado and mango.  Cilantro-lime-yumminess for dressing and cute little tortilla strips.  Four to Five star food and great service.
It was so good - and the place so new (I had yet to realize that "The pube" - public house - owns it.) that I even RECOMMENDED others at my firm to try it.
I had another good lunch.  And another.
And then my (now husband, then) fiance and I went for New Years eve.
And it was about 3 stars.  (Now, I know, I know, NYE is a bad night on which to judge a rest-o - but wait...)
In February 2008 I retuned for another lunch - and lo... the menu was completely changed.
No more salad.
No more empananas
Mediocre gazpacho.
And service has gone waaaaaaaaay downhill.
I also came for a happy hour in April 2008 where I had a "$5. Margarita" that tasted like lime pixie dust.
Sorry.
The place has peaked and is now on the way down.
I hope they'll turn it around.My friends took me here for my bday.  Needless to say that was a great experience its self and the atmosphere and location was perfect.  It was a monday night, very slow except for our group of 10.  The nachos with guacamole were by far the best part.  I got the Roast Chicken breast which was decent but did not jump off the plate with excitement for $19 dollars.  The portion was relatively small for $19 as well.  Did not come with sides which was another disappointment for the price.
In addition, I am not sure if this place is normally like this but they kept forgetting my friends drinks and only came to ask us about refills after i got up and walked over to the bar to get their attention.  At this point the place was nearly empty except for a few ppl at the bar.  Service was very disappointing.  It's a shame because its in a great location and has a great atmosphere but if it wasn't for my friends I would of had a terrible time.It was a dreary, rainy evening and I was stuck in a rush hour parking lot called 18th Street.  Of course, this is when my stomach reared it's head and started growling something vicious at me.  And then my bladder joined the coup, punishing me for being good and drinking 64 oz of mighty H2O.  Traffic wasn't going anywhere anytime soon, and my bladder was calling mutiny.  So, I made the first turn off 18th Street - Arch Street - and pulled into a fresh parking space.  Engine shut off, look up and angels begin to sing as I see the sophisticated entrance of The Mission Grill.
Thus, I came to this establishment.
After I appeased my bladder, I sat at the bar and ordered a Happy Hour Dos Equis, the Mission Salad and a side of the 12-spice frites.  As I was giving the menu back, I noticed the sweet potato fries.  Upon asking her opinion, the bartender informed that though she is a sweet potato gal, she'd go with the frites.  "It actually has FOURTEEN spices... not 12.  There's cinnamon, nutmeg... oh, you have to try those."  She was absolutely right!  The seasoning is something you have to try.  The fries themselves... eh.  It's McDonald's fries with special seasoning.  The Mission Salad was uniquely good!  
The bartenders were very nice and seemed to know everyone at the bar by name.  My sweet potato bartender was about to give one of the patrons his 'usual', but he said, "No - I want my other usual."  "Giving it up for Lent, are you,"  she asks?  "You got it," he laughs in response.  "Didn't you give it up for Lent last year, too?"  
She knows how to get her tips!
For a Thursday evening, the place wasn't very busy, but the staff informed me it's due to the rain.  Understandable.  I can imagine this being pretty busy for usual happy hours.
I find it unfortunate that I'm not down in that particular area more often, otherwise I'm sure the bartenders would know my "usual", too!Ok, I must have originally come on a bad day.
I went again on monday and the guacamole was much better and so were the fish tacos.
Still not amazing, and a little over priced, so thats why it only gets 3 starsCame here with co-workers for a workday lunch. The Mission Grill provided a nice atmosphere where we were able to enjoy our food while having a good time. Be prepared for a shock when you hear the vent make a rolling noise - we were assured it was just the vent letting some air out. Interesting ...
But on with the food! 
I had the fish tacos ($12 I believe). For these I received three fried fish (cod I believe) tacos on a corn tortillas. Some cabbage slaw - some hot sauce - and that was pretty much it. For $4 a taco - decent but could have offered a side. 
Another coworker had a salad, which was pretty massive - he was satisfied with it. Other orders included a quesadilla and a burger - no complaints here.
All in all, could be a decent place to grab lunch and maybe even stop by for Happy Hour - considering where it's located, I'm not surprised that the prices are a bit steep for what is offered. But the food was alright.I think everything on the menu is delicious at The Mission Grill! The sirloin burger with the serrano remoulade is OUT OF THIS WORLD DELICIOUS!!! Prepared well-done is my absolute favorite!   The flautas are also scrumptious.Well - I think they are finally out of business.
I was told that the chef and menu had changed and was gfiven a coupon for free guacamole and 20% off the bill.
Sounded OK so I made a reservation.
When I needed to change the reservation a lady answered the phone and said they are closed.
For good..I held a girl's night out at Mission Grill and we had a BLAST! The service was great; Eric our server and Janine our bartender were both really accommodating and took great care of us. We were looking for a place that offered dinner and a great late night scene, both of which we found at Mission. The flautas were great as usual - a staple I highly suggest and our sangria was delicious! I've been here for happy hour after work and was pleasantly surprised with its weekend vibe - worth checking out for sure!Despite my hesitations, our crew of four agreed to meet up with some other friends who were hanging at Mission Grill after the Flyers game on Saturday night. We were all dressed very casually in tees and jeans, and I thought there was a good chance we'd get turned away at the door, but that didn't happen. I felt super self-conscious around all the pretty young things dressed in bustiers and heels. Alas, a friend knew a bartender, and before I was able to change my mind I was handed a shot and a Miller Lite in of one of those vortex bottles. 
It was NOT my typical Saturday night.
And yet, I had a really great time. The DJ was awesome, playing a steady mix of current and old-school beats. I couldn't help but get over my anxieties about being under-dressed and out of place (I'm sure the strong buzz I had going had something to do with it, also). 
I danced my booty off. And I loved it. 
The best part of the night was when a huge group of people showed up, all wearing AT&T t-shirts. To think we actually started an orange tee shirt trend! It was like a bizarre dream.I'm going to break this review down into a series of associations and free thoughts. Interpret them how you will. 
Ambiance: Sports bar, tvs, Crowded, Dbags
Clientele: Dbags (Expense Account)
Menu: 8 entrees. Disappointment. Limited. Unappetizing.
Appetizers: Is this even Mexican? $7 for Trader Joe's guac? Cold Shrimp in Ketchup with lime? 
Entrees: Huh. Didn't know braised meat could be that dry and tasteless. Oh the steak? Edible.  Are we even close to the border? 
Service: He remembered all of that? Actually that's pretty impressive. 
Sangria: Kool-Aid, Lemons and Limes, Nothing Else, Isn't this supposed to be alcoholic? 
The Bill: You've got to be kidding me! Didn't we get $100 from restaurant.com? Not even worth the discount.
Bottom Line: --------I have a new one. 
The numbers: (310) 482-2641. Thank god Kitchen Nightmares is now casting in Philly. Please submit this place.