This Irish Pub is located on 2nd Street between Market and Chestnut. It was once the Money Exchange building. Beautiful high ornate decorated ceilings ~ wood stairs leading up to the balcony tables. Prices weren't bad! Fish and Chips for 3 of us and the hubster ordered Shepard's Pie. His words: "Rate this pie a 5!" 
Although the pie was a 5 the Fish and Chips didn't stack up to that rating. Fries were great ~ while the fish seemed a bit greasy and the coating kept falling off.Came here for a vegan dinner and I was totally impressed! Everything from the fancy toast to the amazing dessert was absolutely delicious! 
The vegan creme brûlée was hands down the most delicious item! Haven't had that for 18 years - since I've been vegan! 
What's crazy is that this is the type of place you wouldn't think had such TREMENDOUS and high quality vegan options! 
This was truly five star dining at three star prices! 
I can't wait to go back!!My friends will be surprised  to see me eating here at an Irish pub. But when it's restaurant  week and they're  serving vegan food, I gotta get involved. This was amazing. We had an artichoke  appetizer that was rich in garlic and sauce that was excellent over the slice of toast. The salad of fruit and greens (did the chef read my diary?) Was sweet and spicy  but not too much of either. Seiten steaks that tasted more steak than well any steak with a lovely just perfect steak sauce. Best of all for this veggie lover was the grilled potatoes,  sweet potaoes, and green beans slathered  in rosemary.For God's sake, if I order an eggs benedict poached that means the yolk should be runny.  My biggest breakfast pet peeve is when the eggs on a benny are overcooked, and P & S twisted that knife.  On another note, they make damn fine bloody marys (Cajun, Wasabi, and regular--oh yeah, that's how I roll).  Good atmosphere, and actually a good spot for late night drinks--lots of eye candy.I've only been here once, but I was so overwhelmed that it was enough to last me a lifetime.  
I went with a group of friends on a Saturday night, and it took 5-10 minutes just to get in the door.  Clearly, I expect bars to be crowded, but this was out of control.  The place is so huge, you'd think that people would be spread out and have room to breathe, but that is a terribly wrong assumption.
We managed to wriggle through the suffocating crowd, albeit very slowly, and headed upstairs hoping for a bit of a reprieve.  It didn't come.  
I had to practically wrestle my way to the bar, which was about 3 deep at the time.  When I finally got to the front of it, I had taken a few elbows to the head, and forgotten what half of my friends wanted to drink.  Then, the bartender proceeded to ignore me for, not exaggerating here, 15 minutes.  She just kept serving everyone around me, and just amazingly never managed to make eye contact with me.
Finally, thinking that I had either passed out or gotten lost, a friend came to rescue me.  Not even 30 seconds after he got to the bar, the bartender (who by this point I thought could be blind or at least lacking peripheral vision) came right over to take his order.
Now, I've heard once or twice about this phenomenon where females don't like other females, but come on!  How are you gonna just totally ignore a customer!?  Terrible!
I guess she thinks she just needs to work "the goods" for the guys, and fails to realize a chick here and there might need a drink.Best to go on chilly Sunday afternoon. Giant fireplace and occasional traditional Irish Music make this a cozy stop. Gets crowded with a party crowd late on the weekend if that's you thing.The Plough & Stars is such an institution!  It's a place where locals go, visitors repeat visit, and friends are made!  It's a great place for happy hour, brunch/lunch/dinner, and live music!  Late night it turns into a really fun place to dance (but not clubby) and magically transforms by morning for brunch!  Great for everyone (literally).  They have outside seating for warm days and a wonderful fireplace for those cold nights! Definitely worth visiting and re-visiting!!  
Highlights of The Plough: Outdoor seating, Fireplace, cozy atmosphere, drink selections, affordable, parking nearby, 
John Joe (trust me, you'll get to know John Joe), the HoJ (delicious any time of day!), friendly staff, friendly patrons, local spotSunday evening we  headed down to Spruce Street by the River. After about two minutes of crowds and kids knocking each other into people walking, these two old ladies were sorta done with it and decided we wanted something besides funnel cakes. I was really tempted to try Federal Donuts and Chicken, but it was so beautiful out we decided to walk over to Old City where we came upon TP&TS.  The music from the little Irish quartet enticed us in too. We sat at the bar and had Hoegartden draft and a gin & tonic. Cold fresh beer, good pour on gin and fresh tonic. Happy happy. So far. We were very hesitant about ordering food because no one was eating, and then I noticed Yelp didn't have many food reviews on the place - mostly just loving the beer and nice people that work there. But starving, we went easy and got buffalo chicken fingers, a burger and fries.  So my review is:  the food, even though it was just bar food, was outstanding. Probably the best chicken strips I've had. Crunchy, tender, good sauce. Burger was very good quality, and cooked just the way I like it - and asked for it - well done and dry. (I know. Sorry.)  Crispy fresh fries. Bartender was excellent, and the people in the bar were - even though slightly inebriated - a lot of fun. I'm still working on the name of the gentleman who picked up our tab - Donald...Donnell... charming Irishman (what else would you expect?) Great experience.  Struggled with giving this 4 stars instead of 5, because 5 stars is reserved for truly great places IMO. How about 4-1/2?I didn't know this place turned into a meat market after happy hour time or later in the night.  We went right after work and the crowd was a decent, a lot of working people in suits trying to get their drink on.  But I can see how it could get rowdy as the night goes on and that's my cue to move onto better pastures.  I don't mind noise but I don't have tolerance for obnoxious drunks which I have a feeling it's the kind of place it attracts.this place is as irish as i am. this place is 2 levels of pain on friday and sat nights- it gets crazy crowded like the end scene of crocodile dundee when mick walks across everyone's head. it seems to be really popular w/ the early twenty crowd during those nights. not a bad place to grab a drink during the week. never had the food-i've heard brunch is ok.I used to come here often with friends for drinks but lately it has kind of lost its way.  The last time I came here the downstairs was dirty and there was only one bartender, not a good setup for a busy night.  The plough still gets a good crowd, and they do have some good food if you are there early enough.  Its worth checking out simply because it's so close to a dozen other bars that you're not stranded there.Five stars for the vegan prix fixe menu. Amazing food, phenomenal service, and Chef Lenka came out to talk to us and gave us vegan creme brulee. VEGAN. CREME. BRULEE.
Twice a month on Thursdays is the vegan prix fixe chef's tasting menu. Four courses. Each better than the last. Bargain price of $35. I highly recommend this.
I've never been to The Plough & The Stars for any other reason or on any other night. From what I understand, like most joints in Old City, it's probably not my scene on the weekend. But it will definitely be part of our monthly rotation for our vegan girls nights.Huge bar. Lot more smokers than originally assumed and beer was good.Great atmosphere. We sat outside and really enjoyed it. 
Got the tenders and calamari, both were really good. I'd come back any weekend. Thought the sever was going to ignore us but actually was really attentive.It's a pretty big bar.  We had drinks by the fireplace at a table that was a little too low for comfort.  Staff were friendly.  We didn't stay long, but I'll be back.So, I stopped in here twice on Saturday late night. Once was to take a group potty break, and in the bathroom I heard girls raving about how the crowd seems really cool and all.
Then we came back, and I realized 2 things: the layout is awesome, and so is the music. It was too easy to find the bathroom. TOO EASY. Then, there's a balcony upstairs. HERE IS WHAT'S SO GREAT ABOUT THAT: Finding your freaking friends. We've all been there, and this helps you get out of that lost-in-kmart feeling. It's not huge, there aren't too many places to look. I love it.
Music? You know that there are some throwbacks your gym teacher played at homecoming that you all said were so stupid but secretly you knew all the words and had to try really hard not to sing along. Well, this place does it better, and everyone sings along. These hip college folk in old city sang the following lineup: Hit Me Baby One More Time, Larger than Life, I want it that way, and.... ready for it.... MMBop. By Hanson. The rest of the night was all that usually new stuff but for half an hour there, it was the most amusing sight I've ever witnessed. It was definitely dorky and lame, but I think the crowd makes it worthwhile and charming.
Now, the servers... all wear these black minidresses that seem to only be permitted one or fewer sleeves... and they tuck your credit card into their bras. Tell me that's not sexy (as long as you're not a germaphobe.)
Drink specials are good, and when you walk in there's a bucket girl with the special. When we arrived it was Blue Moon 22oz for $8, later $2 Corona regulars.This Irish pub and restaurant is one of the most authentic experiences you'll ever have! Staff is friendlier than friendly, food is nothing shy of an exquisite experience in taste and presentation, and the atmosphere, though a tad darker than I like (very overcast, rainy day) is warm and welcoming.
Do yourself a favor and MAKE THIS A DESTINATION stop for your next trip to Phila.
We had a group of 8, with 7 different mouthwatering meals.
Guinness casserole is a unique experience for the steak or stew lover, crusted tuna for fish lovers, and the seafood fettuccine is literally to die for.
6:30 reservation on a Friday night. Single musician, Raymond, was great. Noise level was like any place with live music, yet not too loud to converse with guests at my end of table.My boyfriend and I came to Plough & The Stars for restaurant week and were not disappointed. The pre-set menu had some excellent, diverse selections. We ended up with a warm tomato salad, duck puff pastries, crab stuffed salmon, and pork tenderloin. The meats melted in our mouths and had lots of flavour, while the puff pastry was perfectly crisp with a fluffy interior- the duck mixture did not make it soggy, since it was brought out promptly. I didn't get to try the tomato since my boyfriend wouldn't share, so I assume it was good.
Dessert was a little plate that sported a mini creme brulee and a chocolate ganache in a chocolate bowl. A huge glob of fresh whipped cream was served with it. The creme brulee was torched to perfection, and the chocolate was so rich and dense that the cream was a welcome addition. The feint of heart may not like the chocolate as much as I did, however.
Plough has a decent selection of local beers, but their cocktail menu was more impressive. Interesting things I had never seen before. I asked the waitress to "surprise me" by choosing one of their three irish coffees. The one she brought me, covered with thick whipped cream, was divine. It was a perfect way to finish the evening.After I heard about the sunday brunches here, I dropped by last weekend for a meal with some of my friends, and I cant say that I'm pleased. Sure, the deco and layout were above average, and the food and their 'best in philly' irish coffee (I think) were pretty good too, but the service could have been much better. waiters could have been much friendlier, plus they put the bill on our table the INSTANT they started to clear it (we were still working on our drinks) - we weren't asked if we wanted anything else and we definitely had not asked for the bill yet. The places wasn't packed at all! In fact we were the only occupied table on the 2nd floor. 
At first I thought maybe they were closing up to prepare for dinner, but as I walked out, I realized they evidently were not, as they just accepted new patrons, and I saw their lunch menu on the wall outside. 
Service not too good, but food wasn't too bad. Seems like an ok bar though, so I may or may not give it another try.We had really nice time at this pub..  The place is massive for a pub.  The bartenders were quick and atttentive even though the place was packed.  Drink were good,vibe was good.  The vibe was a bit like a ski lodge.  They even had a skiing event on the big screen that made me feel like we were in Colorado.. Great place to have a beer with friendsVery formal elegant food in a very informal atmosphere. You have the best of both worlds here. The food was expertly prepared. Everything we tried was delicious. Fresh bread selections come to the table to start. We ordered Mussles Veloute as our appetizer. The broth was very tasty. It reminded me of some type of bisque. Oven Baked Cobia with Grilled Shrimp as an entree was spectacular. The Pork Tenderloin topped with the roasted pears was out of this world fabulous too. For dessert the Creme Brulee was just enough to satisify my sweet tooth. The environment here was very layed back. An irish band is playing and the crowd at the bar is very loud and lively. The people are singing and drinking lots of beer. After dinner we stayed a while and drank at the bar. There is no reason to go anywhere after dinner for drinks as you are already in a happening place. My party had a great evening at The Plough and the Stars.Absolutely one of  my favorite places in Philly. Everything is pleasant but I'm totally mesmerized by the live Irish music. The minute I strip in, I feel like being on a different place, possibly Ireland!
I gave it 4 because I feel like their menu is a bit overpriced. No cheap options to chose from.
Food is good overall. I don't have any favorite though. But, if you are a lager person, certainly get the Harp. My favorite.Althought I've never had a great time going to the bar, me and a friend stopped by here for the apple tart dessert, and some irish coffees, sat outside near one of those warm fire place things and had a lovly ending to the nightNice little upscale-ish bar.  While in town for a long business trip, I found that this is the bar I went to the most.  I only ate there once, but drank many times.
The one time I ate, the food was awesome.
When drinking, the bartenders are always friendly and up for a little conversation.  Every time I was there, I met fun locals who were willing to tell me all about the city and suggest places to go and things to try.
A few weekend nights, this place can get pretty nuts.  The crowd is mostly a preppy poser crowd -- but fun none-the-less.It was a cold, wet, blustery day in Philly today and their Guinness Stew was hot and fabulous!!! The service was outstanding and the place was warm and welcoming!! If you're in Philly you really need to go here.Place was packed!! Good energy. Bachelorette parties everywhere made for an interesting mix of girlfriends ranging from male-hating bitter to fun-loving desperate. Good 20ish crowd. Bartenders were fast and efficient and didn't require co-opting a lady to get their attention. Music was top 40 with the occasional classic rock song and you just moved with the push of the crowd. A little espn on the tv screen and you've got a fun night in at Olde City. 2AM hits, music off, lights on and you're done. Philly....just a tease.Beautiful atmosphere and decor--the dark kelly greens and deep wood and brass made me feel warm all the way through. (The 30 degree temperature difference between outside and inside helped too!) The hostess greeted the 4 of us immediately and we had a table within seconds. It was lunchtime and they were perhaps half full. It was endearing to see them projecting the 1951 movie White Christmas on one wall.
The range of food options was good, and the specialty drinks looked delicious. Being nerdy enought to know that alcohol makes you colder even though you FEEL warmer, we all stuck to coffee, tea, and hot cider. Lunch included a Guiness (beef) casserole with mashed potatoes, chicken hash benedict, and a cheesesteak with fries. All were tasty though just a touch salty. 
Our server was attentive and friendly, so I do not consider him at fault for the food taking quite a while to come up. Given the warm atmosphere inside and the drizzly, windy cold outside, we did not mind the wait, though.Ate here for a business lunch with my team. We already had reservations and they even printed a custom menu card for us. We had the choice between 1 app, 1 entree, and a dessert assortment. I close the tomato and more tells salad which was pretty good but more of an appetizer than a salad since it came with pita bread on the side and not many greens. I went with the vegetarian pasta for lunch, tortellini with mushroom and lots of veggies. It was pretty good and definitely a giant portion but nothing too exceptional. The dessert was the best part- the creme brûlée was phenomenal! It also came with a small chocolate raspberry moose that was too rich for my palette. 
The service was good but the waiters would forget who ordered what dish and it took a very long time for my salad to arrive. It could have been organized better. Overall good team lunch! I would come back here for a happy hour.Giving three stars because it was decent experience on a Friday night. The bar wasn't trendy and not too many young crowd either. But overall the bartender was quick. Music was okay not too loud but played songs that one would hear on the radio all the time :). Since it was too hot and humid I never sat outside.Passing through Philly on a road trip home, my husband and I came here for a late snack and some drinks. 
It is a MUST that you order the curry fries. They are so incredibly good and the curry is well made. They also make their own hot sauce so the buffalo tenders were delicious.
We were there on a Sunday night so it wasn't super busy but we absolutely loved the bartender with his Irish accent. He made our night so fun.
Highly recommend, this place was the perfect casual spot we were looking for.The vegan brunch at Plough and Stars was absolutely delicious! Each course was paired well and the flavors married perfectly. Even my carnivorous husband was impressed and raved about the "sausage" hash. Though I enjoyed every morsel, I'd have to say my absolute favorites were the French toast and the orange creme brûlée which was to die for. My compliments to Chef Lenka!wayyy too crowded and i don't know why.  the music is alrite..but the crowd is so loud sometimes its hard to even hear the music!  too many yuppie/preppy types here...this isn't my scene.  if you must go - get a spot upstairs so that you have a good view of your surroundings.This place was fantastic!! When I was there with my husband it  happened to be a special menu for restaurant week, so we tried the 3 course menu. Everything we had was incredible!! It was so good we returned for another dinner even though we were only in the city for 3 nights and usually try new places. We especially liked the lamb, it was cooked to perfection! The guinness casserole was also really great. The drinks were also really amazing-- one drink tasted just like apple pie... I really wish there was a Plough & Stars near Boston so I could eat there often!! We sat in a room that had a fireplace and dim lighting and just loved the atmosphere. Dining here is one of our favorite memories from our weekend away in Philadelphia!We only went here because they advertised live Irish music until 9pm, so we left the mall where the concert was happening on the eve of July 4th thinking we would catch an hr of the show.
Unfortunately the band had other plans and we only got to hear one song before they called it quits 30 minutes early and started ordering beer and food.
We asked the waitress if they were done, because otherwise we would not have stayed and ordered to listen to the loud music from the radio that they put on .
 She told us they finished at 9, so we thought they were maybe taking a quick break ( after all they had a lot of time left ). Lies. We waited and waited, our orders came, and they started packing up their instruments. Huge disappointment! Don't believe their advertising or anything the waitstaff says.My favorite bar in Philly.
I used to frequent this spot many years ago when I was in town for a few months on business.  My routine was sake bombers at the bar at Buddakan around the corner then off to 'The Plough.'
This place is about as unpretentious as it gets.  Unbelievably packed, good crowd (exceptional people watching), and an outstanding rotation of the cheesiest of played out tunes that drives the masses to dance wherever they stand (there is no dance floor, per se) and shout out the lyrics to Bon Jovi, Journey, Britney Spears, Dexy's Midnight Runners, House of Pain, Shaggy, (just recalling many of the songs I heard last night) and the likes.  
It's conveniently located on busy 2nd St which provides a multitude of nightlife options (although I've never once broken from my Buddakan/Plough routine).I asked if there was anything vegan on the bar menu and they sent out an entire chef to take care of me. She made an incredible meal, the service was exceptionally exquisite, and the food was genuinely some of the best I've had in Philadelphia.
 Besides making phenomenal cocktails, they made sure all the food was perfect and the chef personally came out and checked several times and even sent out an INCREDIBLE vegan creme brulee.
The actual bar is unreasonably cute with an awesome vibe and the building is gorgeous. All the bartenders were kind, attentive, and fun. I can't say enough about how great this experience was. Especially for vegan and veg friends, this place is a gem but even my non veg guests were DELIGHTED with the experience.Came here for a quick drink before dinner. Really nice selection of beers and the bar tender was a doll. He was letting me taste lots of beer and cider. The food looked good tooWe stopped in Sunday for lunch on a whim. So glad we did. The salads were crisp and fresh. The burger and fries were also yummy. Service was great but it wasn't crowded. Want to definitely come back for dinner/drinks one evening!We were part of a meetup group this afternoon with all of the vegan food prepared by Chef Lenka Zivkovic - fantastic!! 
Amazing flavor combinations, incredible presentation  and a great venue!
Hope they'll add some of these choices to the regular menu - we'd definitely return!I had grilled shrimp with rice and it was amazing. It had so much flavor I didn't even realize I was eating shrimp. I stopped in here not expecting much but was sold on it. I'd recommend this place to anyone wanting some down home foodQuite lunch time spot, good beers on draught and there Guinness marinated casserole is excellent!Came here for the first time for the restaurant week! Our waiter was so nice and quick! Food was so delicious and I was glad it wasn't too loud in there!Chef Lenka is the best!  Her food is amazing and she takes so much pride in her work.  For a special vegan meetup event, she prepared a bunch of small plates which were equally delicious.  It's hard to pick a favorite, but the buffalo "shrimp," vegan crabcake, and a mushroom dish stood out.  The creme brûlée was also out of this world- better than any I had before going vegan.  Not only is Chef Lenka extremely talented but she has so much enthusiasm and is one of the sweetest and friendliest people I've met!  The restaurant is lucky to have her!A solid Irish pub with delicious food and excellent bar service. Rory was a great bartender; jovial, helpful and even tempered when faced with a drunken, rude patron. For the record, he can certainly pour a proper Black and Tan. It's a cozy place where we as out-of-towners made quick friends with some locals over a few pints of beer. It was a place we stumbled upon while walking around the city and certainly a great little find.We wanted bar food but not the smokey, stinky bar. So we came here and sat outside on the sidewalk on a Sunday afternoon and had an amazing brunch.
The restaurant has a waffle station in the dining room for Sunday brunch and they have leavened waffles which are supposedly lighter and crisper than normal waffles. I opted though... for the fish and chips. Again... I was in the mood for bar food!
This is probably the best fish batter I have ever had. It was soooo crispy! It was like the crunchy crispy of a KFC chicken breast. I loved that I could drench the piece of fish in malt vineagar and still have it be crunchy when it reached my mouth. The fish was perfectly light and hot inside too. 
My boyfriend had an omlette with apples, blue cheese, and sausage. He raved about it! He loved it soooo much. He said it was probably one of the ugliest omelettes he's ever had but also one of the tastiest. 
Service was impeccable and our server was very knowledgeable with the beers and wines. We both agreed that this was one of the best brunches we've had in awhile. The server said, she felt the brunch was probably better than the regular lunch... so.... get down there for Sunday brunch if it's your first time!
Oh and the dining room inside was bright and airy. Like you'd expect a brewery kinda place to be. Noise wasn't overwhelming but the place was definitely lively.Came in on our day off and they were offering brunch for Columbus Day, I've been here several times to drink but never ate. Pleasantly surprised. Inside was decorated for Halloween and looked great. Staff was very welcoming and helpful, they were not open for food service yet but we're happy to seat us and get us cocktails. Hot Apple Pie drink was delicious, the whipped cream was similar to a cheese danish sweet cream cheese filling, if you like cheese danish and apple pie definitely order this. Also had a Southern Tier Pumking beer. For brunch I had the Chicken Hash with poached eggs. If you like a good breakfast scramble I highly recommend,  chipotle hollandaise was a great accompany to the potatoes chicken and veggies. Girlfriend got the omelet du jour which was goat cheese, spinach, and heirloom tomatoes and it was also very good. Started the meal with a soup: Seafood Chowder. Waitress described it as "fishy with a lot of seafood"....I was nervous based on that but gave it a whirl...Awesome Gamble! She should have described it as a "Glorified New England Clam Chowder!" If you like Clam chowder I absolutely recommend it as a starter. We will be back to eat...and drink! For sure.Everyone can talk shit about Plough all they want:
"it's supposed to be an irish bar"
"they don't have a great beer selection"
"there are NJ douchebags there"
News flash: there are NJ douchebags everywhere!
Moving along - this place is what it is on weekend nights. You've got your hotties, you've got your assholes and you've got your train wrecks. Great place to party and they have a huge tv if a game is on. DJ always plays things drunk people want to hear - channel Livin on a Prayer, Beat It, Jessie's Girl, etc. Overall, always a fun time late at night.  Bonus points for an awesome Christmas tree in December!!Great music and vibe! The burger is the best item on the menu (if come back for that) and my ginger margarita cocktail was good! I ordered the seared tuna as a special but it was over cooked and was paired oddly with sweet potatoes and asparagus. The steak my mom ordered was a little tough.I was here the Saturday the pope came to Philadelphia.. Watched his speech from independence mall. It was a quiet weekend in the city. The burger was great . The fries were good. It wasn't crowded &  I ordered a pumpkin beer on tap. My friend orders a specialty drink she said was a little watered down. The staff is extremely friendly. The decor is beautiful. I need to try this place on a regular day to really catch the vibeI went to Plough and Stars today as part of a meetup and Chef Lenka prepared a small plates menu for us that was 100%Vegan. Everything was delicious! 
-The Jackfruit "Pulled Pork"were a little sweet and tangy and were a perfect match for the crispy bread it rested upon. It was a wonderful blend of sweet and savory flavors for the palate.
-Mushrooms are a personal favorite and Chef Lenka constructed a creamy mushroom tapenade that I can't fully identify all the ingredients, but I want more of it!! Also served on a crispy bed or crostini, this one I had seconds of as did most of the attendees!! 
-Every delectably savory meal deserves a sweet finish and Chef Lenka surprised our group with raw vegan Creme Brulee. The base of this tantalizing treat is cashew cream. Yes! Cashew cream and as someone who used to have a very sweet tooth, this one surprised me out of left field! It contained some lemon juice I believe and was topped with the traditional burnt sugar crystals(Vegan of course) and a sweet, ripe strawberry. It wasn't overly sweet and had a smooth and creamy consistency. 
This was my first experience at Plough and the Stars, but will not be my last. As this was my second time trying food prepared with passion from Chef Lenka, she truly has a special talent with the cashew nut!! I highly recommend exposing your taste buds to the culinary talents of Chef Lenka at Plough and the Stars!Chef Lenka prepared an amazing variety of Vegan food for our vegan pledge group.  Everything was amazing and obviously made with her love of cooking.  We will definitely go back as long as we know she will be there to prepare vegan options for us.We chose the Plough & the Stars for one of our last Friday night stops in Old City and I was blown away by the sheer amount of people crammed in the bar at midnight. That must have been where everyone was that night because all of the other bars that we walked by/wandered into were practically empty. Surprisingly (or perhaps not), there was no cover here. I guess I was expecting it because of the type of crowd that was there, which was very similar to the crowd in Manayunk, so take that as you will.
The architectural vibe was really cool (second floor open to the area below) and place was surprisingly large. The drinks were also inventive/seasonal (pumpkin pie bombs. Not my thing, but they smelled delicious). The music was loud and people were attempting to dance as well (a little difficult, again, because of the crowds).
I'm sorry to keep harping on about this, but the only problem with the bar was that the crowds of people made it almost impossible to get drinks. The management did take advantage of the crowds and rolled out a few coolers for selling beer other than at the actual bar. Spilled/dropped drinks were also a bit of a hazard, because you couldn't turn around without bumping into someone. 
I'd like to stop by again on a night when I'm not wearing such nice clothes (the woes of going out directly after work).I had a very disappointing chicken and prosciutto panini. The bread was your standard multi-grain sandwich bread that did not stand up to grilling. You know the bread that collapses to about 1/16 inch thickness and sticks to the roof of your mouth when you bight into it? That's it. The chicken portion was small as well. Seafood chowder was decent, but served without bread or cracker. I was nearly done with the meal by the time my waitress showed up again and I was able to request a napkin and silverware. At least the beer was cold.On a Friday/Saturday night it can get crowded, too crowded. It is also a mecca for frat guys, old men who just want to have fun, and gorilla juice heads. But when it is fun, and you are not stepping on people's toes, there is no better bar in Philadelphia. They play an odd mix of music, a lot of 80's hits, but it works. Drinks are a bit pricey, a trashy beer will cost you about four dollars...but there is no cover.Late hours with an open kitchen, that's where you will find me at times. The Plough and the Stars is very cozy for me the few times I have been there. I just order my usual wings or whatever I see on the menu and don't try anything much here as it just a quickly eat and let's chit chat type of gathering. I am not big on eating American food overall as a reviewer, but the atmosphere I enjoy a lot. If I'm not mistaken this might have an old bank or something like that that's why I like it - for its cozy interior with fireplace.Went there for dinner last night after finding good reviews on Open Table.  It was not overly busy for a Saturday night and we were seated right away.  The crab spring rolls were delicious, as well as the lamb kabob.  The duck and pork tenderloin were also very good.   The waitress, however, was very absentminded.  We had to ask twice for water.  We watched every other table receive bread, but we had to ask for ours. When we received it, there were only 2 pats of butter.  The waitress did not offer another round of drinks, we had to ask for it as well.  When we ordered dessert, they were out of ice cream (it was only 8pm).  When we got our coffees, we received neither sugar nor spoons.  By the time we received them, the coffee had gone cold.  It's a shame.  The food was very good but having to ask for everything ruined the experience.  If they had self service, we would have been better off.We've been to the Plough & the Stars on a handful of dates now, and we've always been a big fan.  The atmosphere is great so long as you're open to a louder environment with music (and sometimes Irish dancing).  We find the food to be quite good for the price, and the service has always been good.  The location is nice for an evening stroll through the Old City / dinner.One of my old night spots! My friends and I used to use this as a meeting point since the Ritz Parking lot is just a block away and many of us drove in from outside the city.
The drinks were good but the wait for them was always AWFUL. The only way to get them was to send the hottest guy in our crew or the girl with the smallest, tightest top! I don't think we've ever gotten a table although we've put our name down on many occasions. We loved it because of the location and because the drinks were good and not too overpriced. However, it's nothing to rave about.
I walked by on Chestnut last night but didn't see it - thought it had closed but I see there are recent reviews. Perhaps I missed it! I wish I was here on Sunday as Allison J's review of the waffles made my mouth water...perhaps next time I'm in town!!We dined this past Thursday at The Plough & The Stars for the vegan prix-fixe menu after seeing the philly.com writeup that very day!  We weren't sure what to expect but after we looked at the menu we knew we were in store for a great dining experience!
The taste, flavor and presentation are second to none! Chef Lenka stopped by as we were wrapping up dinner.  We couldn't contain our enjoyment and told her how much we loved ALL the dishes. You can sense the joy and excitement that Chef Lenka has in creating these vegan dishes. Just as we were about to settle up, Chef Lenka stopped by again and gave us vegan creme brulee!  How awesome is that! 
Big shout out to our waiter, Josh, for providing us friendly wonderful service and adding to the already wonderful dining experience!
The city of Philadelphia is really lucky to have The Plough & The Stars as a great addition to an ever expanding vegan scene. This special takes place every other Thursday for $35.  Guess where I'm gonna be two Thursdays from now?I went here with a date for dinner, it was her pick. I was surprisingly good and affordable. I got the steak, she got the duck. Both were cooked perfected, as were the green beans and couscous (which we both chose a substitute for potatoes).  The waitress was friendly and attentive.
My date's Poinsettia may have been a bit overpriced. My Guinness was spot on. The taps are form Ireland and installed by Guinness technicians, so I couldn't pass the opportunity. That seems like something to brag about, but maybe its normal... What do I know.
Right by the entrance is a log burning fire. There are some small tables to sit at there for drinks or coffee. We enjoyed it a bit on our way out as we planned our night. My only critique is there was no star on top of the Christmas tree!
PS: Google offers has 25% off all food every day until May. Find it by accessing it from Google Maps on an Android phone.Consensus seems to be that Plough and the Stars is great if you want to party and get smashed. For this I like to go to places that serve me $2 Lagers so when I'm smashed I'm also not poor.  Thus my two star rating.
This doesn't mean I didn't have a good time there before. St. Patty's Day 2007 was an awesome marathon of drinking. They had live Irish dancers, music and some wonder kid who sang some Irish diddies.  Intermittently a bar crawl would come thru, try to recruit us and then move on. We got there early and got prime seats at the bar that allowed us to keep the beer flowing and the crowd somewhat at bay.
I feel bad for my two stars but with bad food, high prices, and a crowd, this isn't my hangout of choice... unless I'm trying to re-live college.Plough is (in my opinion) the best bar in philly. I love it and everyone is so nice. Look for John, Larry, or Gill at the door for a warm welcome! And keep an eye out for the BEST cocktail waitress at the Plough, Emily. LOVE EVERYONE THERE!VERY UNSAFE BAR!!! *graphic description in post*
Came here on a Saturday night, place has no cover which is good for old city, cool Halloween atmosphere, and music was good.
However, this place was extremely crowded at 11:30-12, unsafely so. We had to squeeze and push our way through people just to get anywhere. Certainly over capacity for what they can handle, and they were still bringing people in.
It cleared out around 1:00, and was much more enjoyable. When my friends and I on our way out, I stepped on a shattered glass on the first floor and sliced my foot open. Upon making it to a seat at the front of the restaurant, blood was literally pouring out of my foot onto the floor.
My friend and I had to tell the staff what to get, and I was first given a dirty rag that smelled like beer, probably used to clean off the bar.
They asked me multiple times if I needed a cab home, while I was still actively bleeding and not bandaged. None of the workers helping me wore gloves, and nobody cleaned up my puddle of blood on the floor. The man who helped me bandage my foot asked if I 'have any diseases'. 
Luckily I don't have 'any diseases', because if you were at Plough & the Stars last weekend you probably walked through my blood.
This bar is unsafe, untrained in first aid, and really tried to rush me out when I was hurt. One manager said she was sorry, but I received nothing else. So far my foot hasn't gotten infected, hopefully nobody else does when they inevitably hurt themselves here.
If we didn't only have 2 drinks and didn't have health science degrees, this would have been a way worse situation. I will not be returning to this bar any time soon.Meh, wasn't impressed with anything about this place.
Decent priced drinks. Place was very loud and everyone's conversation was echoing loudly through the bar. The decor was very girlish, probably why it was filled with girls. Seems more like a bar for professionals then your average Philly drinking crowd.We decided to take a quick spur of the moment over-night trip with the kids to Philadelphia just before New Years Eve -- so we head down there and by the time we get down to Philly and check into the hotel it's time to feed ourselves and the kids.  We asked the concierge at the hotel for a recommendation and he responded: "The Plough and The Stars".  Although it is an Irish Pub type of place, he said there was food for the kids as well and we would enjoy it.  So we figured . . . what the hell -- why not.
F Y I . . . If you are staying down by the Convention Center, this is NOT walkable as it's on the other side of town (a few miles).  Not that I have anything against walking, but when you have a kid(s) with you and it's night time, you don't want to traverse the streets of Philly that are between the two endpoints.  Also, be aware that if you are going to Philly and plan on visitng the Old City area after 6PM, be prepared to pay $15+ to park if you can't find a spot on the street.
Once we drove over the Old City neighborhood, we had a little trouble finding the place (but that may have been as a result of bad directions in the first place.)  Once we found it, we stepped inside to what appeared to be a nice open space -- in front of you is a nice wide bar, to the left are some small tables near the fire place to sit and sip on some cocktails and there are tables on either side of the doorway and upstairs as well.  When we got there the place was relatively empty (which changed later on during our meal.)
The atmopshere, especially during the holiday season, was wonderful, they had a giant christmas tree (think two story tall), in a corner by the fireplace.  The fireplace itself gave a great aroma to the air and the building itself was certainly late 19th century and had a wonderful charm to it.
So of course my son wants to sit near the fireplace (esepcially since the tables were all reserved) -- the only "bad" part of the evening was that we had to sit at the small tables by the fireplace (on even smaller stools) -- but it was worth it because we sat right near the fire (which I too am a big fan of), and the food AND drinks were wonderful.  They have this wonderful "apple pie" cocktail which combines Irish Whiskey, cream and some apple cider -- they warm it up and boy is it yummy.
As promised, the place had food to delite the tastes of younger patrons (in other words my 5 y/o and 20 month old), and they had delightfully, the menu certainly has an Irish theme to it, and their dishes are full-flaovred and hearty (i.e. steak, other beef dishes, etc.) -- their salads and soup are equally tasty and the wait-staff are all delightful and regularly coming around with warm, freshly made brown bread and irish soda bread (highly recommended.)
The desserts are also a nice treat.  We shared the Bailey's Creme Brulee -- personally I could taste the Bailey's in the dessert, but none-the-less it was enjoyable (so was the coffee.)
So go, enjoy and also remember, from what I was told, this was formerlly an old bank so the building I am certain has some interesting history to it (for you history buffs out there.)We ordered the salmon and the roast pork. Both dishes were very good!
Only 4 stars as service was a bit slow, not sure if the server or the kitchen. Overall enjoyed our meal and experience.Had the most delightful vegan prix fixe dining experience served by chef Lenka Zivkovic. An absolutely delicious 4 course dinner available every other Thursday at Plough & The Stars. 
We enjoyed a rich cauliflower bisque (hearty portion!) followed by a unique artichoke/hearts of palm parfait & a very clean arugula salad. The third courses were utterly breathtaking and equally delicious! Grilled polenta with a lentil/walnut pate, portabello with quinoa & asparagus plus an artichoke rose that was sooo good, pasta orecchiette with a topping that mimicked bacon! The portions were hearty and all plates paired exceptionally well together. Then... the desserts came. You must try these vegan cakes. Immediately. The chocolate raspberry cream cake deserves a gold medal. It was so rich and mouth watering. The avocado lime cheesecake will blow your socks off. And both were raw dishes! Truly impressed.
Our waiter, Josh, was the nicest. Extremely friendly and knowledgeable when it came to the menu. We're so happy he told us about the prix fixe!
The Greater Philadelphia Area vegan community is slowly catching wind of these incredible plates, so definitely book a table in advance!!I love plough! All my friends hate me because every time we go out, I wanna go here. 
Had my birthday party here in the upstairs section. The staff was extremely friendly and accommodating. They were very attentive and persistent on making sure my guests and I had gotten everything we needed. The bartenders make great drinks and are very good with busy crowds. 
Before my party, I was in contact with their event planner Marion who was so friendly and easy to communicate with. She made planning this event completely stress-free! THANK YOU, MARION AND THE STAFF AT PLOUGH & THE STARS! You guys are amazing!I had a warm apple cider from their happy hour menu. It was fantastic before dinner.
Being from Boston, I'm a snob when it comes to Irish food/bars. However, this place is fantastic.
Pros:
Service
Drinks/Beers on Tap
Outdoor Patio Seating
Great First Date Meet-up for drinks/and or you can stay for dinner. ( We only had the calamari, but the menu looked fantastic)
Cons:
I didn't try everything yet?
Maybe, the warm apple pie drink? The cider was way better- but if you are in the mood- go for it.Im a bit biased being that I worked there more than a year ago. Howevever, there is no doubt the bartenders are great. They are fast and professional, and will know almost any stupid drink some douche might order. You know those people.... the guy that thinks he knows every drink type cause he read it in a drink bible. or that girl that orders a shot because it has a cute name, but is really just sugar that is 20 percent alcohol. order a Guinness there, please! They pour it properly, by the way.
Rant aside. The bartenders rock, the music is decent.
Dont expect a really great dance scene. But, dancing can surely happen.
 It is for the 27-35 year old for sure. But, you can be a bit younger and enjoy the mix of people trying to get their dance on if your crawling around old city.  stay to the seats and dining area and chat with friends or other strangers. After all, its an Irish Pub, so socializing is certainly encouraged. 
Food is great. If you have the bills for the food and tip. Then do it. If you love UK minded people. Do it. The place is owned by Irish immigrants, first generation. So, it will remain an Irish pub feel for quite sometime. 
Good beer selection, as well. 
Most interesting thing about this place is it changes all day. Early morning is for great breakfast, then great lunch, then awesome dinner, then a good late night. And the scene gets younger. Early morning averages 60 year olds. Then once lunch hits, minus 10 years. Then dinner, another 10 years. Once your at late night, its the 28+.i had the unfortunate opportunity to check out this place on a saturday night, in all its meaty glory. wall-to-wall people. loud. literally 8 bachelor/bachelorette parties, one of which i was a part of. the whole experience pretty much made me want to die. but hey that's just me. i like to dance, but when you're packed in like sardines, it's a little hard to shake it without getting dirty looks or accidentally bumping somebody. the bride-to-be was happy so i guess it was worth the hour or so of suicidal musings on my part.
all in all, saturday night here is a nightmare. avoid on weekend evenings. otherwise, it's not too bad. i've only eaten here once and it was outside. it was okay. i don't think i'll be going back though.I typically overlook Plough for other options in Old City, but decided to give it a chance for brunch. 
Expecting typical bar food grub, the menu was a pleasant surprise. Traditional Irish breakfast, seasonal french toast, and crab eggs Benedict are just a few of the options. They apparently also have "Best of Philly" Irish coffee, but I didn't try it for myself. 
The atmosphere is great. The first floor fireplace makes you forget you are sitting in a bar; the upstairs balcony is nice and a little more intimate. However, service was a little slow (we sat for 30 minutes after our plates were cleared before we got the check. Then we waited another 10 to get the receipt. 
For a place that is so ... not my scene.. at night, the brunch here really impressed me.I've been here a few times only at night and had one bad experience when a friend got in a fight but I recently went this weekend with my boyfriend. It was packed as usual on a Saturday night. A big plus about this spot is they have no cover charge! Which is good cause all over olde city there is a cover charge. It's a lot of young 20 something year olds. I got a drink pretty easily and headed upstairs where it's less crowded. The music is ok it's a mix top 40/ hip hop and some old school. The downstairs is always crowded and packed I don't know how people can stand there I feel like Id get smushed but upstairs is ok they have some seating and U can over look downstairs and see the flat screen with sports games on. Overall not a bad spot.DESERVES NO STARS AT ALL.    used to like this place--no more
had dinner few nights ago with friend from work (also female) 
service was v-e-r-y  s-l-o-w and place was not full, not understaffed.
food was so-so for price, nicely presented though.
after dinner we went into ladies room I was washing my hands near the door, my friend was at the furthest sink &  said "need to fix bra strap"  had her hand under shirt up her back when a guy comes crashing in   (not one of the drunk frat boys from the bar) holding rolls of T.P., both my friend & I yelled at him to get out.  he kept coming in, said ' only changing toilet paper" he wouldn't leave.  
my friend tried to move further back and I stepped in front of him, asked him since he worked here didn't he know to call into a ladies room to check if it was OK to come in?  He cursed at me and wouldn't leave.  my friend was upset and went back into a stall til he left.
I went to hostess stand, asked for manager on duty, female there says  "I'm MOD" explained to her why we were very upset and she either blew us off or she is really dumb -"it's OK he works here"    yeah we get he works there, but what happened to business courtesy or some privacy in the bathroom??  RUDE IGNORANT STAFF LOST THIS PLACE OUR BUSINESS---2 to 10 of us would be there at least 2x or more week, not anymore.
That's Ok, we wont'be back, are blackballing them with other nurses & docs @ the hospital and a planned retirement party for 80 people will now be held at Downey's or Tir Na Nog.Okay food at a reasonable price.
Fun little bar.
Much better places to hang out in that part of Philly...go to Amada right down the street for much better food.
This place is sort of a Philly institution, but feels like a spot that is past its prime.Why are you serving drinks in glass during Saint Patty's? Go plastic you idiots. It's a hazard waiting to happen with all the broken glass on the floor. The turtles will be fine if you recycle!!Had an awesome time here this past Saturday.   Our birthday party attendees secured a spot on the raised platform area directly to the right of the door.  Having this space made our whole night!!!  The waitress was extemely attentive.  I also liked how we paid as we went.  With 15 plus people coming and going and ordering drinks, running a tab can be dicey.  No need here!  DJ was okay.  Some really random trax and some pretty bad mixing, however he did play a requested song right away-so big ups for that.  I am by no means a fan of Olde City bars in general but I would certainly recommend this spot to friends.I recently moved to Old City and this spot has quickly become my home away from home. It has the best outside seating of all the Old City restaurants, the staff is very welcoming and the customers are friendly. 
The food is good, it's a great spot for brunch/lunch when out of town guests are visiting on weekends. The Cheese steak on the bar menu is my go to  for dinner.
I've been in to watch the World Cup and will continue to watch the matches there. They have 2 big screens and the crowd is really into it.This is such an awesome Irish bar. On Friday and Saturday nights it's a great hangout spot with a young crowd. On Sunday nights they always have live Irish music, which I love. Food is great, lots of beers on tap, and great service!This is a great little spot in old city. Definitely not on the cheap side, but I've had some appetizers and beers here. I was here New years eve actually which was fun but a little bit of an oddly mixed crowd. It seems like a nice first date type place and have a great middle of the range meal and a beer.