Have really cheap drinks during happy hour but the food is not so great. The crab fries is pretty descent. The service was terrible. I wouldn't go back.Just alright bartenders are rudeHorrible grumpy old men who bartend there. The worst is the one they call mick. Never a smile or hello. They lost their best bartender in Vinnie who was always pleasant.
It's like checking into a nursing home.....drab and dull.... and it smells. Food isn't sanitary, illegal immigrants cooking. Don't waste your time or money!!I have loved everywhere we were tonight until now.  This is a dive bar and I love dives.  I wanted to love this.  As it turned out the service is more than lacking and the prices/ Yelp check in specials are at the discretion of the bartender.  I sincerely hope my experience is an anomaly, but k fear it is not :(Second time at this bar/ restaurant the wings and fries are very good, service was unprofessional and lazy. Just decided to never go to that restaurant again. Again I say the food is good you just don't know what kind of serve you will get.Went to the bayou last night with some friends for a one of there birthday's and had a few beers. Everything was fine with the service until we experienced the one bartender who was very rude to us. He told one of my friends he would fight him if he didn't step away from the bar and also was very rude when answering questions we asked.                                                                   
I was upset with the situation because the bayou is one of my favorite spots to hit in the yunk and the rude bartender ruined last nights experience. After last night looks like ill be taking some time off from this place because of this bartender.
(I'm sure you know which bartender I am talking about)I don't tend to trek into Manayunk often but the last few times I've gone down it has been to Bayou.  My friends are on the darts league here and it's a lively, welcoming bunch!
This is a two-story bar and keep in mind that if you order on the second floor (draft beer or food) you will have to wait for the bartender to go downstairs, get it, and come back up.  They were really quick about this but I could see it getting kind of crazy on a busy night.  
I had the bayou fries and fried shrimp...more of a fan of the fried shrimp!  Service was very quick and everything was hot when we got it.  
Don't forget to check in with Yelp because they sometimes have specials ;)Good atmosphere. I've only eaten the wings from here, but I love them. There's a drink special everyday and the service is cool. I like that they have a jukebox/ pay as you go music thing. It's a good mix with a friendly crowd. I always wind up in conversation with someoneThis place is a must visit for any bar crawl; it's super low key and has some cheap drinks. We made our way here last night and found they had some amazing drink specials! (10P-12A, $2 Drink, Bottles, and Drafts).I don't know that I'd spend a whole night here, but its a good place to start off your night while you get a game plan together! 
We hung out upstairs and within about 20 minutes of happy hour starting, they were packed!You get what you pay for with this place. I'm not saying that's a bad thing, but you know what to expect when you come here, which is cheap drinks and a dive setting. They always have great drink specials, especially for those beer lovers out there. This is a great spot to watch sporting events. The atmosphere is energetic and lively. I would come here to watch a game and to enjoy some cold ones.Went there for date night with my lady and was very pleasantly surprised!  I got the buffalo chicken sandwich and it was DELICIOUS!  So saucy and crispy and very sizeable.  The service was decent and the happy hour drink prices were incredible.  ($2 for any single-liquor drink from 9-7p on a Friday.  Unheard of!)  It was a little bit unpleasantly noisy, but I mostly blame the table of drunk people near us for that.  I would absolutely go back!The food is very good but the security guard was very rude & the bar was ok coulda been better... i wish i can really tell me thought about both men but I'm gon keep it to myself!!!Boyfriend took me to this cute little place last Tuesday for their discounted wings, which is .25 cents per wing. However, these were not the best wings I have personally had (my boyfriend would say otherwise). They have a total of five sauces for the wings, but we had the classic hot buffalo sauce, which was good. And for .25 cent per wing, it's an awesome deal, even though the wings were a bit small. We also managed to get a free appetizer of fries due to my checking in on the Yelp app. Fries were good. Nothing special.
Overall, the restaurant itself is pretty small, but has a homey, intimate feel to it. Seats seem to fill up quickly, but wait time isn't bad (I wouldn't know what it's like on a busy night though). Price of food is reasonable and what you'd expect from a bar & grill. I'd go again for their cheap wings..20 wings on Monday and Tuesday are great. Too Small of a place on Friday and Saturday nights.Dingy place. Monday nights wings cheap but old man behind bar grumpy and nasty. He is short and never smiles with a limp. Big attitude, don't waste your time. This is an outdated click bar for older folks and has no personality.Great place to start your night! Beer specials are the best in the yunk especially with wednesday 1$ drinks! My friends and I went in to eat  and had a great time..definitely some of the friendliest staff! The menu is more than typical bar food, they also serve steamed crabs!! Yummy :-) Going back for sure!!!Came here on a Wednesday night for their wing special. The wings were extremely overcooked and probably leftover from the a few nights ago or something. They also came out cold. The service here is terrible and the older gentleman behind the bar was a complete jerk! The beer was also flat. Avoid this place if you can.The worst service! If I could give it negative stars I would. 
Just a reminder to the owners- you are in the service industry. Hire a bartender that knows what they are doing!the crab wings had me vomiting all night. not good at all.... maybe next time i'll just grab ACTUAL crab meal..... but the bartenders and crowd were cool playing quizzo last night.I've been stopping by the Bayou now for the better part of 3 years both weekdays and on the weekends. Let me start by saying that i find the staff warm and welcoming the minute i walk through the door! Vinny is hands down the best bartender in Manayunk, or Philly for that matter, Pitt, Tony, and Liam aren't too bad either!! The drink specials are unbelievably cheap, and the food rediculously good! I've read some of the 1 star reviews on here and i've come to a couple conclusions....Chris J, its nobody's fault the you can't get laid or even have a chic talk to you for that matter! Ya sound like you got alot of hate in ya and i'm here to tell you my friend, thats not gonna help you out with the ladies either!! Us good lookin guys will always be superior to your type!! Its just the food chain my nerdy friend, and somebody has to be on the bottom (YOU!!) Melissa M.....sorry sweetie, but i have to agree with Joe A. Ya sound like a handgrenade! What happened mamma?? He promised he'd call the next day and didn't?? Thought you'd be used to that by now!! So, in a nutshell, of you wanna go to a great place with good food and drinks, cheap prices, a great staff and a Manayunk staple...the Bayou is the spot to be!!Was a little nervous by reading other reviews but was pleasantly surprised with how much we liked it. Food was outstanding and the bartender couldn't have been more friendly.I've been here a few times over the past couple of years. This place is one of my go to spots to meet up with friends and have a good time. The food is good and the specials are even better. I usually order a sandwich or a large cheese pizza. Beers are also good, the atmosphere and bartenders are cool. I will definitely be coming here again. Overall great place and good food.Oy. This bar would get 2 stars because I'm just too old for these fratty crowds. BUT they have dollar drafts on Friday night from 6 to 8pm. And that's just too good to pass up. It got us (old) 20 and 30-somethings in the door, and while we had to jostle our way through the 21 year olds, it was worth it.Place sucks.  A bunch of dicks left Pitchers Pub to start this place.  It lacks a positive vibe and is a dump.this place sucks.  
It's a bunch of frat boy types that all think doing their best kenny powers impersonation is a good way to live life and take the "it's cool to be a douchebag" bullshit to heart.  The girls here are the type of girls that think that type of guy is legitimately cool and these girls are not particularly classy or good looking. 
all of the food tastes like armpit sweat.  No one knows how to actually pour a Guinness and service is non-existent.2$ u call it top shelf drinks on Thursday from 10-12 is y I gave you ab extra star.. You're dirt cheap play loud annoying music and are filled with annoying people. However a good place out to pregame with some dirt cheap drinks!!!Great Specials, Friendly Staff.  Place is great for Happy Hours and non Peak visits.  Way too busy during those friday and saturday nights.  Cannot / Have not ordered food their because its mostly fried in the same grease as Shellfish, which i am allergic to.  Great place to watch sports (especially if you're trying to find a non philly team!)Didn't know whether I should give this place 2 or 3 stars.  I've tried a few of their food off the menu and wasn't impressed.  There's really nothing special about it.
So... why did I go with 3 stars?
The crabs and wings special that they have on Mondays and Tuesdays!  Now, just because it's $1.75 per crab and $.20 per wing, they don't give you crap stuff.  My date and I try go every Tuesday after I get off work.  We also get the crab fries with cheese sauce on the side every once in a while, which are pretty good.Friend won a happy hour here. First of all... One bartender was supposed to tend to multiple happy hours here. Had to wait twenty minutes for each drink... Happy hour was only two hours. Bartender didn't even fill the jiggers to the top so drinks were weak. Clearly inexperienced in that he was filling pitchers full of beer with foam from the tap. Went downstairs and ordered food. Got the order wrong, took forever to rectify it. The two stars are solely for the price point of the drinks.Great wings and decent bar food. The food isn't gourmet, but it's still good. Great bartenders and atmosphere. I love coming in for their specials. The best in Manayunk.Outstanding bar.  Extremely friendly bartenders/staff, great drink selection and great food/drink specials (wings are on point). Came in with a bunch of out of towners looking to watch some NY sports and they happily obliged. 
Nothing but positive things to say about The Bayou and I Look forward to coming back.Pure dive.  Nice change of pace from other main st manayunk bars.  Cheap cheap specials everyday of the week.  $1 u call it fridays is best deal in town.  Great way to start evening out.  Mon/tues .20 wings is amazing.  If you go in with appropriate expectations this bar is a great time.Have been here multiple times. The wings are good but the other food looks a bit sloppy. That being said they still have by far the best Friday drink specials on main st. Dollar you call it's from 6-7 then 2 dollar you call it's 7-9. Can't beat it.The quickest memory that comes to mind that I have of the Bayou are the bartenders. All the guys seems to have a stick up their butt. They are kind of cocky and mean, especially on a friday or saturday night. I've gotten better service on slower nights there however. The food is kinda mediocre at best. 
The only thing this place has going for it are the cheap light beer specials, and the fact that they support the local inter-mural sports teams. 
Work on the customer service, and I'll definitely swing by there again...Great place to drink, much more room upstairs. But the big bartender downstairs was throwing paper balls at all the girls...not coolI have been here twice. Once to eat and another to drink on a Friday evening. 
Time we ate:
We sat outside and the service was what was expected. (Not the best but drinks eventually made it)I got the hot garlic wings and they were on par with average bar food. I don't think I wouldn't get anything too complex off the menu from the Bayou. There was a bachelorette party there and they gave us some free shots, which was awesome.
Time we drank:
Came here for the $2 drinks til 9 deal and it is a great deal. Bartenders were busy but they could get the drinks out pretty fast. I would come here for that deal again. By the time 9 came around I found myself in brotieth street station. I'm one eighth bro so it was ok with me but just a fair warning.
I will be visiting the Bayou sometime in the future but will have to be selective of which times I head there.horrible service from this place. Older man short and balding named mic was horrible. he never thanked us and it was akways a chore for him to refill our beers. food was overpriced and average. mic didnt deserve a tip and did not get one. will never be back there again, they only employ older men over 60 here nobody young???  dont waste your time or moneys.I need to preface this review with a few notes: 1) It is based on multiple visits and not one specific visit and 2) The Bayou is probably my favorite bar in Manayunk.
That being said, you are probably wondering how I could rate my favorite bar only 3 stars?!?  While the Bayou has a lot to offer, which I will go into shortly, it is still just an average bar that is very consistent.  While I do not think it will ever blow me away, I know it will also never disappoint.
The Bayou also sponsors the Manayunk Sports and Social League, including the end of season banquets and a free drink after every game... So go sign up to play some fun coed sports where everyone wins (a free drink that is)!
So what does it offer... friendly service, two floors with three bars, decent food, good specials, clean yet with that hole-in-the-wall feel.  Also plenty of TVs to catch the game with friends or random strangers!
Wednesday $2 Roast Beef that actually tastes good and quizzo
Friday Happy Hour $1 You Call It (very nice way to start the weekend)I love this place for happy hour and a chills place to watch a game. Great staff and tasty bar food!!I love the Manayunk Bike Race.  I could just rewrite that 50ish times if I wanted to be cheap and get an easy review under my belt, but I'll go into a little more detail.
I love the Manayunk Bike Race because it involves several of my favorite things:  going to random parties, outdoor day drinking and watching other people engage in athletic activities.  After doing that from about 9am - 3pm, when the race was well over, it was time to hit some of the local bars.  The Bayou is almost always an automatic stop whenever I'm visiting friends in this area.  It's laid back, cheap, has a good beer selection and somehow seems to get a decent percentage of female clientele.  
Our large group took up a couple of tables upstairs and decided to order some food.  I went for the buffalo chicken sandwich with "The Bayou's famous buffalo sauce" because I like me the heat after drinking some beer, even though I completely expected their famous buffalo sauce to just be Frank's red hot thrown on some chicken tenders.
But I was in fact very wrong.  The sauce on this buffalo chicken was awesome.  Maybe it was the beer and such, but it seemed like a great combination of tangy and hot that just worked really well.  
Cheap beer and good food in a relaxed atmosphere after spending the day cheering world class cyclists while consuming various light beers?  I'm always game for that.Obviously don't go here expecting a gourmet dinner, but I always enjoy myself when I go. This is usually early Friday nights for the 1 and 2 dollar you call its. I always get the crab cake sandwich which hits the spot. I like their wings, but their new buffalo boneless bites are better (and less messy)! I have never had a bad experience with service. There's also an upstairs which a lot of people don't know about. All around Bayou is a fine choice for good drink specials and bar food.Only giving this place one star because of their outdoor seating and happy hour.  Otherwise it would be 0  I went for their happy hour on a Friday, which was $2 craft beers.  Excellent price, but that was the pinnacle of the experience.
We also ordered nachos, which where tostitos with microwaved shredded cheese on top, with no fresh toppings.  They were almost un-edible because they were left in the microwave too long.
After ordering a round of drinks, we looked to get another round, but the waitress was no where to be found.  She came out 10 minutes later and we order two more drinks, 20 minutes went by and she had never came back out.  When she finally returned we just asked for the check.
It was a bad experience, I think it was the mangers fault for under staffing, but I would never go back.Great food, good service, always awesome food and drink specials! This is the perfect bar to go to in manayunk if you want somewhere chill. It does get crowded during the $1 happy hour deal in friday nights but that's to be expected. I mostly enjoy coming here on weeknights for their wings and beer specials.This place has great buffalo wings. 35 cent wing special is on monday and tuesday. The service here is not that great..Bartender lied about steamer being on only to see to a customer  order after us. Service was crap, the "owner" argued that the service wasn't bad. Long story, really bad service, worst over.Thus is a great place to start and spend happy hours.  Great deals! Good food! Nice accommodating staff!  Just an all around good happy hour bar to relax at and start off a night or just keep most of your money and have a few drinks with food.I like this place a lot. Mostly because its the only place that will let me put on the Ravens game during football season. They have a ton of tv's and you can find some cheap beer to watch whatever you want. 
I echo the sentiments of the people below that you can pretty much wear whatever you want and it's not a very good place to pick up girls.Just visited this spot for a little pre birthday fun, the food was AWESOME!!!! The service was great the waiter actually took some time out of his busy day to chat it up with me and my husband. I had the garlic crabs which were out of this world, and my husband had a cheese burger which looked so good I had to have a bite..and it was just as delicious as it looked. If you give this place a bad reading obviously you've never been there. We will definitely be returning.We used to go here a lot when my wife lived in the area, and this was my second favorite bar in Manayunk.
Great service, cheap beers, and good times.
3 stars just because they have High Life Light!Went with the boyfriend on a Tuesday night...wings were 25 cent! And they were SO good. He asked me if Bayou is our new "chill spot" . I said "Heck yeah!"best happy hours in manayunk!!!  seriously, friday night 6-7 $1.00 u call it, 7-9 $2.00.  nobody comes close on main street.  mon-tues 1.75 miller lites .25 wings.  the wings are OUTSTANDING!!  the bartenders and servers are very customer service friendly.  found it to be an extremely clean establishment as well as very comfortable setting to be in.  really enjoy going to the bayou and chirping up the bartenders about sports and other social topics.  they seem to have their finger on the pulse.  i am usually out of there by 9 p.m when i go, so i cannot speak about how it gets during the late evening hours.  saturday and sunday during football season they will put on any game you would ask for if you get in there early enough.  once the bar is full ya just can't come in and ask em to change a channel of a game someone is watching.  bayou baby!!!  ya want fun, ya want good bar grub, ya want friendly staff?  go to the bayouMy boyfriend and I were walking along Main Street over the summer and decided to stop here when we saw the "20 cent wings" sign. If you know me, you know that I love wings! We couldn't resist the offer so we went in to try and they were okay, esp for 20 cents! Would come back here only on a Monday or Tuesday. They also had $1 beers. Looked like your typical dive. For me, it wouldn't be worth the trip to come here to hang out on a weekend night. Nothing special about it. Come for the specials, if it's convenient.Really goofy weird place with great cheap food and beer. Do not go in expecting anything out of this world, but if you are in the mood for cheap bar food, this is the place. I think they also do a movie night where you can bring your own DVD to watch at the bar and the one with the most votes wins.This place was great. They have great special. The best place to stop by after work for wings and beer.This Bar has everything a neighborhood bar is supposed to have; great wings and a great selection of beer. I order takeout wings at the Bayou quite often an I am never let down. The bartenders are nice the place is clean and it a great place to watch the game.Mondays & Tuesdays = 20¢ wings, & $1.50 crabs... what else do you need to know?!!
The wings are generally consistent and pretty solid... not a superstar, but the best 20¢ wing around. Recently though, they've been pushing outstanding. 
Try to sit upstairs to avoid the frat party on the first floor.4 Stars - I'm a fan, as Yelp suggests.
Went here a couple times after work on Monday/Tuesday. My co-workers and I shared a few beers and had EXCELLENT wings...for only $0.25 each. I've never liked buffalo wings in my life. My co-workers ordered them and I didn't put up a fight - Ended up eating like half the batch myself. The wings were delicious!
We sat in the back room, and commented that it was a little dark. Most of the bar is that way, so it fits the mood. But, I think many of the "concerns" listed in other reviews could be addressed by addressing the lighting and ambiance.
I've been to Bayou later at night, too, and while it's nothing more exciting than your average bar, the prices were right and I enjoyed my time there.This isn't a 5 star restaurant but it's a 5 star for wings and beer specials! The bartenders are friendly, the food is good bar food, they have specials every day. They have blue moon on tap (one of my faves)! Give this place a try if you are looking for a casual place to hangout. Cheers!This place is pretty good. Recently went their for the wing special. The boneless bites were very tasty, but if you like spicy food I would go for the inferno and not the hot sauce. The hot sauce wasn't too spicy. The fries were awesome and were honestly some of the best I've ever had. We had to wait awhile for our food, but it was pretty packed and everyone was eating. For the price of the wing special this was easily forgiven. The inside is kind of cramped and dark but i think it adds character to the place. The Bayou holds it's own on Main Street and fills a much needed niche. It's nice to have a bar that's not a dive with crappy food but also isn't formal at all.cheap drinks and bar food. cool to come during eagles games rather than divey Pitchers which I love but on Sundays during the season, gets a little crowded for my liking. Good specials if you are looking for a dealI use to go here all of the time in college. They always have some good fOod and drink specials . During the evening hours it gets really crowded with a ton of college kids. But overall fun place to go to and The staff is always friendly and the food is good and cheap!This is the best place on main street on a Friday night. Dollar drinks, you can't beat that! The food is good and there are specials almost every night. The bar tenders and awesome! Paul is the man and will make you laugh the whole time. Mic makes some great mixed beers in the fall. Your always in for a good time!Manayunk, PA
Chill out bar spot with outdoor seating in Manayunk. Came here with a good friend on a weekday night. Wings I had were okay. Good company was important. Chit chat all night. Love the summers/early autumns here.Just got home from here - great specials on Monday nights! Cheap wings, crabs, and beer. It seemed pretty homey and comfortable, full of local young people who knew the owner (?) by name. The music was pretty good while it was on - a mix of alt-rock and such. 
It's a nice place for a really casual night out with friends, with two floors for eating/drinking and also outdoor seating.Another place where we were seated, sat, sat, sat, sat, sat!!! Bye, went next door and was waited on instantly. Poor service. Hire a few more people or look at ur slots for late hours. It's the summer and kids are out of school, ur busy! Lol.Oh Bayou! I think every college student has memories at this place. What can I say? It's a great place to have a few beers/ciders with friends to catch up and take a break from busy life. 
Great deals. $1 you name it drinks on Wednesdays? Dang... I wonder what they taste like... I always go for their cider that legit takes like Christmas. It's $5, but definitely recommend it. 
Bayou isn't my favorite place, but I do appreciate it.Great, fun spot for young 20-somethings.  The wings here are great and so are the crab legs and crab fries w/ cheese.  Pizza's aren't bad either.  The beer's cheap and specials rock.  The bartenders are the best around and are always friendly and accommodating.  It's a fun place to hit up for a game or happy hour.  Keep in mind it's more of a place for younger people though, so if things like lack of hand soap in the rest-room, paper napkins, coors lite girls, loud music & dart leagues annoy you - go to the Brew Pub - otherwise check it out.As a new resident of Manayunk, I've only just started to work my way around Main Street and its many establishments.
I stopped by the Bayou for Monday Night Football and after checking out the night's specials online. It's a nice, casual place where everyone seems to know each other. Lots of TVs for sports fans, and two floors of seating for those enjoying yummy, cheap wings (although a little small) and crabs (have yet to try, but they're cheap). 
A guy who I'm guessing is the owner/manager was really accommodating, funny, and cool with all the kids in the bar. Major points for being on a first name basis with customers and for just seeming like a cool dude.25 cent wings (AWESOME wings) and $1.75 Miller Lites on Mondays and Tuesdays make this one of my favorite places to hang out.Cheap drinks, cool bartenders that remember you, awesome happy hour. Decent food, always seems different though. But overall, love it here.Heard alot about the Bayou Wings. Very diappointed with the ones I purchased. Had Terreakiwings, Spicy Garlic & Hot wings. All three were sub par. Could not taste any garlic & not spicy. Spicy was not spicy, and Terreaki  did not have much flavor. Bayou fries were good. Did not meet expectations.Played on a dart league with some friends a little over a year ago here. It's a little on the small side and their beer selection is not as good as other places in manayunk. The only food I've ever had here was just little appetizers while we were playing darts upstairs. I don't remember what apps we had but I remember a majority of us didn't like them. I'm not on the dart league anymore so I don't see myself coming here anymore.We had drinks and burgers and had the worst service ever! We had to ask for silverware after waiting over 35 minutes for our food. Then we all waited again for our friend's burger to be brought out. Finally, the waitress came and told us the burger was LOST!!! Yes, she said they lost the burger and she never apologized! It took so long for them to bring another burger that we just said forget it! The waitress never compensated us with a free desert or even explained or apologized. Our fries were cold too! I told a man in a shirt and tie on our way out. He put my number in his phone and said the manager would call me. He never calledWent in last night for a quick snack.....I ordered buffalo old bay wings and fries. The wings were so small I was afraid I was going to bite my finger when I took a bite...lol.  And my fries were oil drenched they tasted like the oil needed to be changed out.  My husband ordered a lb of steamed shrimp ...smh looked like the ring of shrimp you get in the supermarket with some old bay sprinkled in top.  Very disappointed this was my first visit and I had heard such good things.  Not sure if I will give it another shot or not.I went out with my coworker and we just had such a great experience dining here. There was a great mix of crowd and the music was diverse. The crabs were so delicious and the drinks were too! This is definitely a great spot to hit up if you want to get some great late night food or want to watch sports. The tables are pretty big so if you're a large group they can accommodate you. Overall, I'd definitely recommend this place to others.The Bayou is your standard Manayunk sports bar that is definitely targeted more towards the younger folks in town. The food is your average American bar food and the prices are relatively inexpensive. The beer selection is also more targeted towards the younger crowd and there isn't much of a craft beer variety. The staff has always been friendly and it's a good place for groups. Not my pick for a night out on the town, but it's fine for a lunch or part of a bar crawl.Fun spot. Im here once a week at least....good wings cheap drinks..buff chick wrap is awesomeI went there to try their chili and was very dissappointed and vowed to not return but then I saw their 20 cent wing special and ate 10 wings and a soda for less than 4 bucks...wings were ok but not spicy enough for me but the blue cheese dressing was amazing!!! easily the best 20 cent wings you'll haveAs far as just wanting to hang out somewhere on Main Street in Manayunk, this is hands down the place to be. I'm here at least once a week just to relax and enjoy their cheap beer specials, great burgers, and casual atmosphere. The outdoor seating at the Bayou is what makes it particularly an ideal place to grab a drink and a meal. It's also a great place to start your Friday or Saturday night. I wouldn't particularly want to spend my entire night at this bar, but it's definitely THE place to get your night started with some dinner and beer.As much as I hate to say it, my score is an aggregate of wildly different things I rate.
First and foremost: it's a damn good place to watch sports. They have plenty of TV's, and their range of channels make it pretty accommodating even if you're pulling for out of town teams (like myself)
Next is as a night hangout: they're pretty good, but they don't blow you away. They have a great Friday Happy Hour, and occasionally they'll slide in a decent craft on Sundays but the rest of the time, the place just...doesn't sing.
Last there's the food: average to poor. I've had some decent wings, a burger that could have been saved with a decent bun and some truly awful pizza. In the end, nothing that I wouldn't trudge over to Main Street Munchies or half a dozen other places to fill my gut with.
In the end, while they're a better sports bar, I like the atmosphere and food at Pitchers more, which is why you'll be seeing me there instead.